Note: Please retain special formatting while posting, bold and especially italics, which represent shifts in character point of view. Also paragraph spacing.
Chloe and Allen Ch. 03 (Daughter and Daddy have more fun)
This is entirely fiction. All characters are 18 or older.
There are daddy/daughter themes throughout this story. If that's not your thing, you may want to move on.
This is Chapter 3. I recommend reading Chapters 1 and 2 first.
Note this is also a slow build. No couple paragraphs of exposition followed by pages of sex scene here. Go elsewhere on this site for that. In the end, this is probably more of a love story. One I hope you enjoy. Since this is my first-ever story, constructive feedback is most welcome! Emphasis on "constructive," of course. Here we go...
The tension was building, separately, for both of them. Chloe and Allen both had erotic feelings for each other but hadn't acknowledged them. Well, out loud, at least. Certainly not to each other. Certainly not in words. But they continued to play the games they played, flashing and peeking, and they continued to never break the spell by admitting that either one was doing so. One of the problems for Chloe, of course, was that Allen was her father. One of the problems for Allen was that Chloe was his only, precious daughter.
Allen and Kathy
Allen spent a wonderful afternoon with his wife Kathy, while Chloe was out shopping with her friend Amanda. They had lunch together, played a game of Scrabble (she won...this time!), started a jigsaw puzzle on the dining room table, and talked a little about plans for their upcoming family trip to the Caribbean. "Normal" stuff. It was cleansing to do regular things. He was very excited by the new happenings with Chloe, and he expected they would probably continue, and, being honest with himself, he very much looked forward to that. But it was also nice to have a diversion from that for a while.
Allen still loved his wife deeply, and she returned the feeling. They were still often affectionate, kissing hello and goodbye every time, sometimes holding hands when out walking, and such. But they were no longer intimate sexually. That had ended several years ago. Kathy's interest in sex had slowly waned and then just disappeared. She felt guilty, and she and Allen had many heart to heart conversations about it, tried counseling, the works. Allen tried to be understanding, and in the end, they worked it out.
Allen was pretty good at keeping himself satisfied, but it was solo work, with the occasional help of porn and some toys. He had never seriously contemplated cheating on Kathy to have sex, though one time a year or so ago she had quietly suggested that he consider seeking other women to satisfy his needs. He didn't feel comfortable with the idea at the time, and he thought Kathy wasn't really happy with the concept, either. But he loved her for being brave enough to suggest it, out of consideration for him.
Mostly Allen missed being able to please another woman. While his eventual orgasm was always appreciated, his main enjoyment from sex was in pleasing his partner. He felt he was pretty good at it. He knew his way around a pussy with his mouth and tongue. And his penis was a very respectable size and shape, if he did say so himself. He wasn't some imaginary porn star you see in movies or in too much of the erotic literature out there, with a huge, throbbing cock too big to be comfortable for an actual, real woman. His 6.5 inches was above average, with good thickness, and he knew how to use all of it the please his mate.
These new adventures with Chloe were a welcome change of pace, frankly. But they came with a whole lot of guilt when he sat back and thought about what he was doing. He would have to tread carefully if this continued. The last thing he wanted was to cause her harm or ruin their amazing relationship. He knew his bond with his daughter was very unusual and special in its closeness. His love for her was so deep and pure, he couldn't stand it sometimes. And he knew she felt the same.
Allen greets Chloe
Chloe had a great time shopping with Amanda. They had so much fun! Her best friend was easy-going, cute, and smart, and they got along wonderfully. They were completely comfortable with each other, and they were good at egging each other on, when needed. This time Chloe did the egging, and they got lots of sexy clothes together. She didn't know what Amanda was going to do with her selections, but Chloe couldn't wait to share hers with her Daddy. She had ideas, and plans were forming, but she also vowed to herself to take it slow with her playtime and the teasing of her Daddy. She wanted to keep it seeming unintentional or casual if she could, but she also wanted to keep making him feel good, and if a little exposure play caused that, they both could enjoy it! And these clothes would help her step it up a notch, which she thought would be fun.
She also bought some new lip gloss. Amanda often wore it, and Chloe thought it was very pretty on her girlfriend's lips, as they were all shiny. She had bought a few colors and flavors, and she had a sneaky notion of sharing those flavors with her Daddy. Would he be able to taste them if she kissed him on the lips? There was one way to find out!
Allen heard a car door and knew Chloe was home. He smiled with love for her, happy to soon have her presence back in the house, as he sat at the dining room table doing some of the jigsaw puzzle with Kathy. He also knew he'd better stand up and head towards the door, since she'd want to greet him in her usual way! The dining room was just to the left of the front hall, so he didn't have to go far.
His beautiful daughter came bounding in with her typical happy energy. She was always such a sight and a delight! His heart melted a little more just seeing her come home. Then she grinned at him with a gleam in her eye, dropped her shopping bags, yelled "incoming!" and launched herself up and into his arms. He loved when she did that! And she did it often. Her arms wrapped around his neck, and her legs wrapped around his torso. With a laugh, he wrapped his arms tightly around her to catch her and hold her up.
His little girl was so petite, Allen's arms always were able to reach all the way around her back, and his hands could actually grasp her on each opposite side. Depending on where she landed, he could sometimes feel the side of whatever bra she was wearing. If he squeezed hard enough, he could probably reach farther and cop a feel, though of course he never did that!
The way they were standing, Chloe could see into the dining room. "Ooh! A puzzle, yay! Hi, Mommy!" Kathy smiled and greeted her in return. (Allen knew Kathy enjoyed the bond he shared with their daughter. They'd talked more than once about how special it was--and how important it was to preserve it.)
Chloe gave him another squeeze and then pulled back to give him a kiss. He barely had time to notice how shiny her lips were before she planted a kiss right on his lips. Not his cheek. His lips! She smeared her lips back and forth a little before releasing him. What was that about? She pulled back a little to look into his eyes, a bit mischievously. She was obviously expecting something, but what? Then he noticed a flavor as he breathed in. He tentatively licked his lips a little. Then more. Mmmm! Was that from Chloe?
"Strawberry?" he asked, with some confusion. Chloe gleamed at him and nodded, obviously happy the flavor had transferred. Then she dropped to the ground, grabbed her bags, and bounded upstairs. On her way up, she exclaimed with a giggle, "Now you taste like meeeeee!"
Allen's gaze followed his daughter up the hall stairs, enjoying the view of the beautiful bottom on the young woman who was his precious baby girl. He stood in stunned silence for a second before turning to Kathy. She just looked at him, shrugged, and rolled her eyes with a grin. Allen licked his lips again and smiled; he could still taste his daughter.
"I kissed Daddy!" Chloe exclaimed to herself. She had kissed him before, naturally, but this time she got to play with her new lip gloss with him, and it went perfectly. This was also the first time her meeting him at the door included a kiss on the lips. Usually it was on the cheek. She had just gotten away with a nice lip kiss, including in front of her Mommy. So, that was a keeper. On the lips from now on!
She found from her few recent experiences, she really liked her Daddy's kisses. His lips and hers seemed to fit together perfectly, like they were made for each other. And kissing him felt...right. She had taken a chance kissing him longer than a peck last night, and that had gone well. Smearing her lip gloss on him just now meant she again got to spend extra time with their lips together, and there had been no fallout from that, either. She took that as encouragement to kiss him more! It wasn't like she was going to start making out with him or anything; he was her Daddy. But she definitely wanted to spend more time with his yummy lips.

TV time
After dinner, everyone traditionally got into their pajamas before gathering in the family room to watch TV together, assuming they didn't have something else to do. Chloe was already done with her homework for tomorrow, so she'd be able to join in.
She set about carefully selecting her outfit for the evening. It was time to share a little of today's purchases with her Daddy. She smiled.
Allen sat in his usual position on the left end of the sofa. He had butterflies in his stomach, wondering if he could be so lucky that more playtime fun might occur. He knew it was unreasonable to expect that his baby girl would have another wardrobe malfunction, and he resigned himself to the possibility nothing new would occur. But he also held out a little hope. Chloe wasn't here yet, but Kathy had already joined him, sitting on the other end of the couch. She was in a pretty but conservative pajama set, with satiny green shorts and a blue and green striped top to match.
Allen was in his same pajama shorts as last night and this morning. He had wondered about exposure possibilities, but there obviously wasn't too much he could do with Kathy there. He couldn't do the same trick with his fly, since he sat on the left end of the couch, and that would expose everything to everyone. But before anyone else arrived, he did take some time to arrange things just in case. He had gathered the leg material so that both legs were pulled up a bit, and they were a little shorter. He also pulled his right shorts leg wide to the left, creating a useful gap on the inside of that leg. And finally, as he sat, he rolled his balls and sack a bit under him, so his penis would lie flatter on the couch inside the leg gap. Nothing was showing, since he was mostly soft (though making all these arrangements had increased both his pulse and his length a little already).
Allen could almost feel the room brighten just before he was aware of Chloe bounding and bouncing into the room. She was a vision of sexy young womanhood. Her hair was in a loose bun, with some hanging strands framing her beautiful face and drawing him into her gorgeous green eyes. She had on one of his oversized t-shirts, as always, and she was wearing what looked like a new pair of pajama shorts. They were a pretty pink color with small, white flowers and looked like linen material or something similarly light. Good for the upcoming warmer months. He also took particular note of the leg holes, which looked at least as loose as last night's shorts, if not more. (Was it really only last night that all this began? he wondered with some amazement.) They were also very short, and his precious girl's legs looked long and luscious and fantastic as she stood there a moment, surveying the room and deciding where to sit.
When the couch was free, Chloe would often lie down across it like last night. With her Mommy joining them, that option wasn't open. She'd sometimes lie on the floor on her stomach, facing the TV to watch. On Tuesday Movie Night, her place was always snuggling with her Daddy. She also would occasionally sit in the chair to the right of the couch that angled to face both the couch and the TV. Or she could just sit in the middle of the couch between her parents. She opted for snuggles. She cooed a silent "incoming!" and looked at her Daddy.
Allen's heart skipped a beat as his daughter apparently decided to sit next to him and snuggle, like she always did on Movie Night. She silently looked down at him and smiled then stepped forward. Time slowed again for Allen as she bent and put both hands on his right leg, grasping his bare thigh right below where the legs of his pajama shorts ended. She looked him in the eyes and leaned over more as she slowly pivoted on her hands to sit down to his right. As she did, Allen noticed two very exciting things.
First, as Chloe pivoted, her fingers on each side of his leg turned 90 degrees and actually reached up under his shorts leg, briefly caressing his upper thigh. Chloe had no idea how close she had come to touching his cock! It had grown a bit and was extended down that same shorts leg. It was slightly separated from his thigh, since he had gapped the shorts, and her petite fingers caressed his leg just inside of where his cock was. If she had flexed her fingers even a little, she'd have felt him right there next to her hand!
Second, from the first time she bent and throughout the entire pivot, he could see straight down the neck of her t-shirt. It hung forward so much he could see all the way through to her pink shorts on the other side, past her flat, sexy, kissable tummy. But of course his eyes were not drawn there. They were drawn to her beautiful, perfect breasts. Her bra looked so sexy on her!
Her bra looked like it was almost all red lace, not quite sheer but tantalizingly close. The bra straps were thin and wispy across her delicate shoulders. The cups were wide apart, so with her leaning forward, he could see the glorious inside curve of each breast, with a clear view across her freckled chest, through her cleavage, to her cute belly button below. The lace was scalloped across the front of each breast, and her areolas were barely contained within, as the material was mostly on the outer side of each breast, with the lace reaching across her nipples to rest on her smooth, creamy skin on the other side. A slight edge of each lovely areola peeked out from the sexy red lace.
Allen's cock stirred some more as Chloe settled on his right. He felt a guilty pang and looked over at his wife, who was fortunately focused on the television.
Chloe settled on the couch next to her Daddy with a feeling of warm satisfaction and excitement. She knew precisely the view she was providing, and as soon as she leaned over, looking her loving Daddy in the eyes, his gaze dropped down the neck of her shirt, as she had hoped it would, and she knew he could see everything! She hoped her new bra looked as sexy to her Daddy as it had to Amanda. She knew it cradled her boobies nicely, and she was fully aware that her areolas sneaked out, which she thought was her Daddy's first view of the naked tips of her breasts, even if just a peek.
She also hoped she gave her Daddy a little bit of a thrill by how high up his leg she had caressed him. She wondered how close she was to touching her Daddy's penis. What if she had by accident? The possibility was fun to consider. She wondered if the view she had given him of her boobies had caused any reaction down there.
Chloe spared a glance to her right, knowing she was playing with fire a bit with her Mommy there. Fortunately, she seemed focused on the TV.
Chloe snuggled up next to her Daddy and curled her feet up under her, resting her left thigh against his right, a lot of warm skin touching below their shorts legs. She hooked her left arm around behind his right and brought her right hand to join her left in hugging his right bicep. She rested her head on her Daddy's shoulder with an outward, light sigh of contentment and love. He smelled so good, as always!
Chloe looked at the TV as the three of them discussed and selected a recorded show to watch, her Daddy in charge of the remote, of course. She spared a glance down his handsome body, and from her vantage point, she could see the right leg of his shorts gapped between his spread legs. She happily noticed she could see the side of her Daddy's penis nestled in the gap! Yummy! Was it a little hard? She hoped that was because of her. Chloe looked to her right to see if her Mommy might have the same view of his wardrobe malfunction. She didn't think so, from the angle, but Chloe shifted on the couch slightly and raised her left leg a little against her Daddy's thigh to provide a sure block.
Allen felt where his hardening cock was positioned, stretching down the left edge of his right shorts leg, pulling the material with it forward between his legs. Since he was sitting on the rest of the shorts leg, it would be creating a gap to the right of his cock that might make it visible to someone on his right. Like Chloe was.
From Allen's view, he could see the bulge stretching the fabric but couldn't see anything actually showing. He wondered excitedly if Chloe could see anything, since she might have a better angle into the gap in his shorts. He had better be careful not to get too much more excited; he knew his cock was just barely contained now, since he had shortened the leg length before sitting down. His cock head was straining against the bottom edge of his shorts, which curled around his tip just enough to hold him in. He had naively forgotten to count on the reaction he might have to his sexy baby girl and the risk it would create that he would pop out the shorts leg completely!
Allen reflected on his goal to give Chloe the option of whether to view his exposure and realized with a pang of guilt that he had failed again to give her a clear choice. He couldn't do much about it now without making things obvious. Hopefully, if she really could see anything, she was OK with it, or better, enjoyed it. Given her recent spying on him, he thought so. He expected that if not, she'd move away, and that would be a clear sign.
Allen tried to pay attention to the crime procedural they had started watching, so his cock would have a chance to calm down. But mostly he noticed how Chloe's left breast nestled softly against his arm as she snuggled against him. And he drank in the lovely aroma of his beautiful girl. At least her t-shirt neck rested against her upper chest, so there was no illicit view. But Chloe was idly grazing the fingers of her right hand up and down his arm, sending tingles through his body as they all watched the show.
Then Chloe started tracing her fingers in wider paths, up his arm then up his neck to behind his right ear and back down to his fingers. His hand was on his right leg, lightly touching her left leg, which also warmly rested there, raised slightly higher than his. Next time, from behind his ear, she traced the path of his jawline to the middle of his chin and back a couple times, lightly tickling at his whiskers along her path. She never looked his way, just watching the show while widening her caresses. He assumed they were mostly idle and innocent and wondered how much she was even aware she was doing it.
Chloe's next arc brought her hand all the way around Allen's jaw to behind his left ear, and her thumb and forefinger gave a gentle massage to his ear there, which felt surprisingly sensual, before her finger traced down his left arm to where his hand rested on the remote on the couch armrest. She then traced back up his arm and down his left side to his leg and out to his knee. This was mostly a one-finger trace with her forefinger, but when she got below his shorts to the skin of his leg, all her fingers gently scratched their way to his knee.
Chloe was really enjoying caressing her Daddy while pretending to watch their show. She was deeply focused on the feel of every inch of him. She tickled behind his right ear. She loved caressing his strong jaw with the evening's growth of light whiskers there. She boldly massaged his left ear. She didn't know how much her Mommy was noticing of what she was doing, but her Mommy definitely couldn't see her hand on the other side of her Daddy's head! She traced down his arm and then got excited when she was able to caress all the way down his bare leg, adding all her fingers there. She tried to keep it seeming idle and slow, but she was soaking in every second of every touch and enjoying where she was able to put her fingers without any resistance from him nor notice from her Mommy.
Chloe lifted her hand from her Daddy's knee and gently took his right hand in hers. She lifted it up in an invitation for him to put it around her. He complied, his strong arm reaching over her and down her back. He rested his big, Daddy hand above her waist and gave her a slight squeeze and a hug. She snuggled in closer. This was probably her favorite place to be in the whole world!
Chloe placed her hand back down but on her Daddy's right knee, not his left. She rested there for a while as they watched their show. Then she lightly scratched up the top of his leg a few times with all her fingers, up to his shorts leg and back down to his knee. Still looking at the TV and trying to seem casual, she moved her hand toward the inside of his leg and caressed up his thigh. She pivoted her fingers as she changed direction, going up and down his thigh, so that she was practically reaching up his shorts leg at the top before reversing direction to travel back to his knee. She had to spare a peek down at what she was doing and watched as her fingers traced along her Daddy's warm, strong thigh and up under his shorts. His beautiful penis was still visible there, and now her fingers were mere fractions of an inch from it! Did she dare touch it?
Chloe knew it was a whole new level of play if she actually touched her Daddy's penis. It was so tempting, though! His forbidden flesh was right there and available to her. Maybe if she just touched it briefly and lightly to see what it felt like. How would her Daddy react? It wasn't like she planned to grab hold and jerk him off or anything. Just a light touch...
Allen was having a hard time not getting more excited as Chloe continued to caress him. She was now tracing the inside of his right thigh, and his cock was right there! God, if only she knew how close she was to actually touching him! Maybe she really couldn't see him from her angle. He wasn't sure what to do, so he just didn't move.
Then it happened.
Chloe's fingers traveled up his thigh once again. As they turned to travel back down toward his knee, she must have bent her slender fingers more than before. He felt a thrill as the back of each of his precious baby girl's fingers traveled all along his length and then rubbed the side of his cock head. He nearly gasped out loud! He tried not to react too overtly, but he must have stiffened slightly, and he hugged his daughter closer with his right hand. His hand slid up her side a bit over her t-shirt as he did, and he found his fingers resting under her right breast. That was completely unintentional! But he spared a moment to enjoy the soft feel of the curve of her breast cupped against his forefinger and middle finger before he moved his hand back down her side and stopped copping a feel of his baby girl.
"I touched him!" Chloe exclaimed to herself with elation. "I touched my Daddy's naked penis!!" She might never wash the back of her fingers again, ha. It felt amazing, warm, soft, and hard all at the same time! And did her Daddy seriously just touch her breast? Heehee, naughty Daddy! Fair's fair, she thought with an inward chuckle. It felt nice. She really wanted to do that again and maybe even get more bold, but that would probably not be very smart, especially with her Mommy sitting right there! And she already had something else planned for after her Mommy went upstairs, which she thought she and her Daddy would like a lot. At least she hoped so.
The show was about over, which was probably a good thing. Getting felt up by his daughter and returning the favor (accidentally!) was intensely arousing and could possibly get out of hand quickly. Tempting as it was, that was a line he was not ready to cross with his little girl. Assuming Chloe was even aware of what she had just done, she apparently agreed, since she kept her hand on his knee, tracing her fingers in circles there but not venturing back up to touch his cock again.
When the show ended, Kathy yawned and said she was heading upstairs. "Don't stay up too late, sweetheart. School tomorrow!"
"I know, Mommy. Don't worry; I won't," Chloe responded.
As Kathy came behind the couch to kiss him good night, Allen squeezed his legs together. He leaned his head back for his kiss and wished his wife pleasant dreams.
When lines get blurred
"Another show?" he asked Chloe.
"Actually, Daddy, could you help me with something?" she asked looking into his eyes. He got lost in her beautiful green pools again but managed to hear her question and nod in response. "Could you help me see which lip gloss flavors are the best? I bought a bunch and would love your opinion." Chloe smiled up at him. He could never refuse her but had to wonder how he could be of help.
"Sure, champ, anything! Always. But how can I help?"
"Oh, goodie!" Chloe exclaimed without answering, clapping her hands in delight. She jumped up from the couch. "I'll be right back. Don't move!" She emphasized her command by leaning over deeply in front of him and poking him in the chest playfully on each word. Then she bounded upstairs.
Heehee, bonus boobies! "You're welcome, Daddy," Chloe giggled to herself on the way up to her room, feeling frisky. This could become a habit.
Allen had just been treated to another wonderful view of his daughter's spectacular breasts, fully exposed down her shirt in their sexy bra. With each poke, her breasts jiggled and swayed seductively. He was captivated! He couldn't resist freeing his cock and giving it a few welcome strokes as he awaited his little girl's return. Then he tucked himself back just inside the shorts leg as he heard movement on the back stairs.
Allen reflected back to Chloe's greeting at the front door earlier. He already knew what the strawberry lip gloss tasted like! He assumed he would be smelling the others and offering his viewpoint on which he liked better. That would be fun.
Chloe bounced back into the room with a small bag in her hand. She stood looking down at him for a second, seemed to make a decision, and sat down on his lap! She sat side-saddle, with her back to the arm of the couch. He always loved having her there, though he'd have to be careful to keep his already-excited penis in check. Thankfully this wasn't going to be something sensual.
Chloe pulled the strawberry out of the bag. "You already know about this one, Daddy," she giggled. "It's called Sarah's Strawberry." She unscrewed the cap and ran the small bottle under his nose.
"I do remember that one, my dear! It tasted delicious." Allen winked and smiled at his daughter and the memory of her soft, tasty lips on his. She grinned back.
Then she turned on his lap and placed the bag on the coffee table. As she started to get the next flavor ready, she looked back at him over her shoulder and cocked her thumb toward her back with an "a-hem," a raised eyebrow, and a smirk. Allen got the hint and put his hands on his daughter's back to give her a massage. He began to rub her back from bottom to top and down again over her t-shirt. He felt her bra there and remembered the sexy red lace that was under his fingertips. Though it probably didn't take Chloe too long to get ready, he assumed she was taking her time to maximize her massage. He was focused on his ministrations and didn't pay much attention to her preparation.
Chloe turned and announced, "this is Olivia's Orange," and smiled at him.
"Where?" Allen asked, looking for the bottle to smell.
"Here!" Chloe responded, pointing to her shiny lips.
Wait. What??? "Um. There? On your lips?" Allen stammered.
"Of course, silly! How else can you tell me what you think of the flavors?"
"But, is that...I mean...are you..." Allen hesitated, but his mind was screaming with anticipation and excitement. Did she really mean to let him taste the gloss on her lips? Each time?
"Daddy, it's OK." Chloe looked at him kindly and, he thought, with hope in her eyes. "Really, it is. I just think it's the best way to tell the flavors instead of only smelling them. Don't you? And I didn't think you'd want me applying lip gloss on you! So, I'll put it on me, and you can taste it that way. It'll be fine. I promise!" She looked at Allen hesitantly. "Are you OK with it, Daddy?"
"Um. Sure," he nodded. "Yes!" He looked at her with encouragement. "How do you want to..."
"Shhh..." Chloe leaned in with a hand on his chest and touched her lips to his. They were so soft! They felt so right and so perfect there, like they belonged. She lingered there and then moved her mouth left and right a bit like she had earlier with the strawberry, spreading the flavor. Then she pulled back with a look of what might have been wonder in her eyes.
Chloe couldn't get enough of her Daddy's lips! She had barely kissed him, just rubbed her lips lightly against his. But the result was electric to her! She was really happy she had decided to do this with him. She already thought she knew which flavor he'd like best, but she really wanted to try all of them with him. More time with his lips!
"What do you think, Daddy?"
Allen breathed in the flavor of her then licked his lips lightly. "Definitely orange. I like it!" He licked his lips some more. "It's going to be difficult to pick a favorite, I think."
"OK, let's find out. Next!" Chloe handed Allen a tissue to wipe off any remaining orange flavor, gave a head nod to her back (hint! hint!), and pivoted on his lap. Allen dutifully raised his hands to massage Chloe's back again. This time, he reached under her t-shirt, as he had occasionally done in the past when just massaging her lower back.
Allen placed his hands on the soft skin of his baby girl's bare back and then decided to get a little daring. This whole situation was highly charged, and he just couldn't help himself! He rubbed his right hand all the way up her back to her neck and down again. He paused for any reaction. "Mm-hmm," Chloe purred. Approved! He held on to her waist with his right hand and reached all the way up with his left hand, past the back of her bra to her neck. He traced his fingers with some pressure all the way down her smooth back. She was petite enough that one hand could cover much of the width of her. He then placed his left hand on her hip, wrapping his fingers around the side toward her taut stomach, and caressed up the bare skin of her back again with his right hand.
Allen paused at the soft bra back, tracing it with a forefinger, feeling without seeing the sexy red lace he knew was there. As he traced right, he allowed himself to keep going and ran his finger around so he grazed the side of his little girl's soft but firm breast ever so slightly before returning to her back again. Chloe flinched briefly but said nothing. He decided to behave himself and ran his hand up to her neck and back down. She had to be ready with the next flavor by now!
Naughty Daddy! Chloe cooed in silence. He just tried to touch her boobie again. Heehee! She let him. She found that she liked it and was getting a little excited. But she also was diligently getting the next flavor ready.
Chloe turned. "May I present Tropical Tanya!" She leaned into her Daddy's waiting lips and pressed hers to him. As she moved her head to spread the flavor, she couldn't help but actually kiss him tentatively. What would he do? She slid left and kissed him there. She slid right and kissed him lightly again. She was getting excited and knew she had to stop! She pulled away in a bit of a daze.
Her Daddy's face was a precious mix of shock over a grin. "You... That... I... We... Uh... That was nice," he stammered. His reaction was so cute! She loved him for it.
"Thank you, Daddy. Now...the flavor?" She gave him a playful poke in his chest.
Allen was dazzled. Chloe had just kissed him. She had kissed him before, of course, but nothing like this. This time it felt like it was much more intense than ever in the past and had deeper meaning and feeling to it. Did she feel the same way? It wasn't even like it was that deep a kiss, but she definitely did more than just slide her lips to apply the lip gloss. She definitely kissed him. A real kiss. He liked it. A lot.
Time to come out of the daze! Allen shook his head to clear it and breathed in the tropical flavor. He licked it off his lips and tried to be analytical. It was very nice and would be fine to wear, but he preferred the orange and strawberry. He said so. Chloe nodded, noting his vote.
"How many more flavors are there?" he asked.
"One. No...um...two."
As Chloe turned and prepared the next flavor, Allen reached under her t-shirt to get to her back again. Feeling even more daring this time, he brought both hands with strong strokes up her back to her neck. He paused as he realized what he'd just done. Her t-shirt had ridden up on the back of his hands, so it slid up her body with him. Her lower back was exposed (and even that was sexy!), as was the back of her red, lacy bra and clasp. (How easy would it be to unhook the bra? Stop!) He kept his hands at her neck and gave her a neck massage, earning a "coo" for his efforts.
At the same time, Allen focused on what results he could create by moving his arms different ways. He brought them closer to Chloe's back then pushed up and out in a circular motion a couple times, and that brought the material higher on her body. Eventually the t-shirt was bunched right under her breasts in the front.
Allen had a partial view from her right side if he leaned a little to his right, since she was turned slightly that way. As he brought his arms in close once more, the t-shirt billowed enough that he could see up the right side to his baby girl's exposed, bra-covered breast. The red lace curved under her and disappeared from view. Beautiful. Hauntingly sexy. Irresistible. Her perky breast was so close he could almost touch it!
Allen kept his left hand at Chloe's neck, massaging it between his thumb and fingers, while he traced his right hand down her back. Like before, he fingered the back of her bra. He traced his forefinger to the left and then brought it across her back, over the clasp, and around to the right. He paused. Did he dare? He watched as his fingers decided for him, no longer in control. Adding a second finger, Allen caressed around the side of his baby girl, following her sexy bra as it curved around and onto her breast. His middle finger cupped under her breast, while his forefinger separated and caressed up and down the full curve of her.
If he had reached a little farther, Allen likely would have just rubbed his finger over Chloe's nipple, but he wasn't that far over. But he was most definitely caressing part of his daughter's breast! He was no longer in control of himself, he realized, with an inward pang of guilt that did nothing to slow his actions. He stroked her firm but soft, perfect breast two more times in the same fashion with his forefinger, with a little more pressure the final time, before tracing both fingers around to her back and finally bringing both hands down to complete his massage. His cock responded and grew solid between his legs, fortunately horizontally so it wasn't poking up to be discovered.
Chloe pivoted on his lap and turned to face Allen, and she was very flushed. He immediately realized he had made a terrible error. Was she angry?
Well, that was...unexpected, thought Chloe. But oh, it felt so good! There was no mistaking her Daddy had just fondled her breast. Multiple times! She was surprised he would be so bold and wasn't sure how to react. His strong Daddy hands had touched one of her most intimate parts. Electricity had coursed through her breast and straight to her pussy, and she had to catch her breath. She realized the thought of what he'd just done didn't bother her at all. In fact, it excited her more than she expected it would when she dreamed of such a moment. She turned.
"Daddy...?" she whispered hesitantly, looking deep into his loving eyes. He looked shocked, probably with the realization of what he'd just done. But his love for her was still very apparent in his gaze, and he looked worried he might have hurt her. She melted. For what might be the first time, she was at a loss for words with her Daddy. So she did the only thing that made sense. She kissed him.
Allen was about to apologize for what he'd just done to his precious girl when she gently put her hand behind his neck and pulled his lips to her waiting mouth. Chloe kissed him. Deeply. Passionately. It seemed he was forgiven, if forgiving was needed.
Chloe's kiss outmatched any kiss he had ever received. Literally. In his entire life. She was so tender, but the emotion behind her kiss was so urgent and raw, it inflamed his already deep love for his daughter, increasing the intensity of his feelings for her more than he had thought was possible. He responded in kind, putting all his love for her into his returned kiss. He wrapped his arms around his lover and pulled her to him, pressing his lips deeply against hers. They then explored each others lips lovingly.
They both seemed hesitant to use their tongues, but Chloe was rapidly but gently nibbling at both his lips, then surrounding each bite with both of her delicious (grape?) lips in a healing kiss. Then she stuck just the tip of her tongue out and gently licked the center of his upper lip and kissed at the spot she licked. She went to do it again, and Allen caught her tongue with his lips and sucked her into his mouth. With her tongue trapped between his lips, he ran his own tongue all around the tip of hers before releasing it.
As his little girl's tongue retreated, Allen followed with his tongue into her mouth. She gave an audible "mmm" as she returned the favor of trapping and circling his tongue with hers. He then proceeded to kiss her with abandon, exploring her mouth with his tongue. He kissed her neck, her cheeks, her forehead, her eyelids, and he returned hungrily between each venture to kiss her sensual and perfect mouth as she cooed and returned his attentions with equal passion and fervor. She seemed as hungry for his kisses as he was to deliver them.
"Oh, Chloe! My love, my heart," he exclaimed as he kissed her one last time. "You have no idea how deeply I love you, my precious girl."
"Yes, I do, Daddy. I always have," she responded, wiping a tear of joy from her eye. She just looked up at him, her deep green eyes full of raw, pure love that warmed his heart to the center.
Chloe chuckled gently and broke the spell. "Um. That was Gracie's Grape, Daddy. What did you think?"
He grinned and replied with clarity, "I must say I give an A+ to the delivery system. I did get some grape flavor, and I can honestly state I will now never forget that flavor for my entire life."
"Heehee, Daddy! Same here. Do I need to apply it again, so you can get a clearer taste for a fair evaluation?"
"That's an extremely tempting offer, my dear, but I don't think it's necessary. You did say there's one more flavor, right?"
Chloe looked serious for a moment. "Yes," she replied simply. "I don't want to bias you, but I think it's my favorite. I really hope you like it." She started to turn away to get ready. Then she paused. "Daddy?" she ventured hesitantly, not looking at him directly.
"Yes, precious?"
"You can...um...massage me again if you want. Maybe with both hands. If that's OK with you." As she turned the rest of the way to the table to prepare, she pushed herself back in his lap, perhaps to provide whatever access he might need.
Did she just give him the permission he thought she did? Allen thought about it carefully but hopefully. It could be a huge misunderstanding if he took what she said wrong. He reached under her t-shirt as before, both hands clasping her hips, fingers curled around to her smooth belly in front. He massaged her lower back with his thumbs then lifted his fingers off her as he pushed up her back a ways with both thumbs, placing his fingers back down, reaching around her sides, landing farther up. He then pushed both hands towards each other in front, massaging her upper abdomen until his fingers touched in the middle. He heard her quietly mumble, "mm-hmm."
Once more, Allen kneaded his young daughter's smooth back with his thumbs, pushing them farther up her back, raising his arms and the backs of his hands so the t-shirt went up with them. His thumbs traveled over the back of her bra, and he continued with just his thumbs all the way up to her neck. With his arms lifted, the t-shirt traveled all the way up with him, exposing her breasts in front. As he brought his thumbs back down to rest just above the back of the sexy, red lace of her bra, the t-shirt stayed up, resting on top of her breasts.
Allen then placed each hand against her, resting on the material of her lacy bra. The fingers of each hand were long enough to reach around onto the side of each breast, and he could feel their soft cushion beneath his touch. Pushing down any doubts, he then did as before and started curving each hand around her front until his fingertips met in the middle. He paused without moving for quite a while. In this position, he was fully and unmistakably cupping each of his daughter's--his precious baby girl's--breasts. Not just subtly from one side with two fingers. All fingers and both hands were completely filled with her. He confirmed once again they were indeed the exact right size, as they fit perfectly in his hands, like they were built for him to hold.
Allen knew instinctively how wrong this was. But it felt so right! He was lost. With Chloe still facing the other way, he began gently kneading each mound, not moving his hand but just flexing each finger and thumb. "Hmm!" Chloe cooed, and he felt her breath quicken under him. Given the design of the bra, his fingers were mostly touching her bare flesh, since the bra mainly existed on the outside of her breasts. Her skin was angelically soft and smooth to his touch!
Allen started rubbing his fingers from the base to the tip of each breast, and as he did so, each forefinger grazed against a bra-covered nipple. He was elated to discover his little girl's areolas felt slightly puffy, just as he would have requested if ordering the perfect breast. Her eraser-sized nipples felt hard and excited under his fingers, and his cock hardened even more (if that were possible!) at the touch. He massaged down and up each breast again, and this time, his forefingers slid under the lacy edge covering each nipple, and he circled a fingertip around each puffy areola, caressing her nipple in the center from all sides.
With his baby girl's nipples now exposed, Allen tweaked each between a thumb and forefinger, receiving a quiet "oh!" in response that he took as encouragement. He held her firmly with his fingers so that each forefinger rested against one side of her nipple and then ran his thumb down the curve of her breast and back up repeatedly, pinching what he discovered were sensitive nipples each time, earning a whimper with each pinch.
Chloe squirmed in Allen's lap. He knew he was pushing his luck, so with a final gesture, he pressed firmly as he brought fingers and hands down to the base of each breast, which pulled each fully out of her bra, so he was holding only bare skin. (Oh! How he wished he could see what he was doing other than his slight side view.) He briefly allowed himself to soak in the feel of her fully-naked breasts in his hands. Then he kneaded all fingers and his thumbs up toward the puffy tips and gave each nipple a hard squeeze between his forefinger and thumb as they passed by, while he ran each hand up and off her breasts.
"AH!" Chloe exclaimed at the hard pinch, and she shuddered. Allen was pretty sure it was with pleasure. (He also felt his cock get wet with his pre-cum from all this excitement and hoped he wasn't creating too big a stain on his shorts or the couch!) He then gently brought his hands back to his precious baby girl's perfect breasts and softly tickled each finger over her nipples a final time before reaching down and politely pulling the bra cups back to their original position, allowing himself one final time to feel the full curve of her. He retreated around to her back, pulling the t-shirt into place as he reluctantly pulled his hands away from her smooth skin.
Chloe seemed to stay still for a moment, breathing in and out a bit heavily. She then slowly turned to him in his lap, shiny lips ready. She didn't say anything at first. They just looked into each other's eyes. Hers contained deep love and obvious arousal, and he knew his reflected the same. She reached her right hand up to his cheek and gently caressed his face with her thumb then gave a bit of a squeeze, as if a hug, and she nodded to him slightly. That was all the communication they needed about what just happened.
He felt intensely aroused and positive about the experience, but he also had a very clear sense of how wrong what he had just done was, and his guilt nagged at him beneath the other feelings. Before he could address those feelings, Chloe spoke.
"Daddy?"
"Yes, precious?"
"I think maybe...if it's OK...this time...I think you should probably lick this off my lips."
Allen was startled once again. Both at her suggestion and at the immediate electric reaction his body gave to the idea. Did his cock seriously grow even harder? How could that be? He couldn't form words, so he just silently nodded to his little girl.
Chloe leaned back a little against the arm of the couch, so that he could come to her. Allen leaned over and brought his face to hers, exploring her eyes with his. He gently extended the tip of his tongue to her clear, wet, shiny lips.
"I hope Daddy likes this final flavor!" Chloe thought to herself. He had better! As Daddy was...massaging her, she was carefully preparing this final round. It was more of an adventure than she had thought it would be, especially with the added distraction of her Daddy's attention to her boobies!
As Chloe had turned away from her Daddy, she knew she would need to have a magician's slight of hand. Fortunately, she knew her Daddy wouldn't be paying much attention to her given what she suggested he do to pass the time.
Chloe had been planning this part for most of the day. This final flavor wasn't coming from a bottle. It was coming from her.
Earlier, when she had gone to her room to grab her supplies, she had taken the precaution to move the crotch of her panties (red lace, matching the bra) to the side. She wanted easy access to her pussy when the time came.
As she had turned away from her Daddy, she pulled the leg of her pajama shorts all the way to the left, exposing her pussy as she faced away from him. (If only he knew the view she was giving right then! she thought with an inward giggle.) As she looked down at her pussy, she did a double take at her double surprise.
First, her pussy was much wetter and puffier than she expected. Possibly more than ever before. The result of that glorious kiss (or, more accurately, kiss fest!), no doubt. That would be helpful, since she would have no problem obtaining enough pussy juice to coat her lips as thoroughly as she wanted to. She would have enough and then some!
Second, and even more thrilling and surprising, her Daddy's cock was right under her, fully exposed! It was pointing straight out, and she wondered briefly why it wasn't poking up and hitting her. It would be nice to feel it again... But she acknowledged to herself it was probably a good thing it wasn't, or their little party might have gotten broken up. But there it was, hard again, and she knew this time it was 100% because of her! Since she had pushed herself back on his lap this last time, she hadn't seen it before, but now the tip was pointing forward between her legs and his, right under her wet pussy. What a sight! She stared for a while, soaking in the mental image of his perfect, hard cock, so close to her virgin, wet, puffy pussy, oozing with arousal because of her Daddy.
With her back to her Daddy, Chloe pantomimed opening a (fake) bottle and holding it with her left hand, while in reality she reached down and slid her right forefinger and middle finger along her soaking slit. She didn't manage to get much of the first round on her lips, since she too eagerly licked it off her fingers herself. By this point, her Daddy was massaging up her back with his thumbs to her neck (that felt so good!), and she felt her t-shirt rising with it. Tricky Daddy! He managed to get her t-shirt to rise all the way over her breasts, so her bra was exposed! Heehee. Clever. She bet he wished he could see the results of his efforts.
She reached back down to her pussy as her Daddy placed his hands on the side of her breasts. This was getting interesting! He brought his hands around and cupped her boobies in his strong Daddy hands. It felt perfect, like that's exactly where they belonged! As he started massaging her boobies, new pussy juice leaked directly onto her fingers. Fresh batch! She carefully spread it on her lips in thick layers, resisting the temptation to drink her delicious juices herself.
She was ready but decided to let her Daddy finish his enjoyable massage. She assumed he was almost done.
Then he pinched her nipple.
Oh! Electricity shot through her breasts, and she felt it travel down her body to her pussy! Her nipples were so sensitive; he had no idea what he was doing to her! It felt fantastic! He then started massaging her boobies with his thumbs and pinching her again and again, over and over. Jesus! She never wanted it to stop! This was her Daddy! Her Daddy's loving, strong hands. On her. She leaked pussy juice onto her hand, and she tried to get it to her lips, hoping she could keep that much in place for when she turned back to offer it to him. She was sure she made some noise but was losing focus. The feeling was so erotic and intense!
He then brought his hands down and fully exposed each breast. She looked down to freeze the image of her perky boobies, which she loved, cradled in her Daddy's hands, fully exposed above her naked pussy, all hovering over her Daddy's incredibly hard cock below her. And he had no idea!
Chloe didn't have long to gaze at the amazing juxtaposition, because her Daddy brought his hands up and pinched her nipples hard. Real hard! Harder than she ever had. She loved it! An explosion of heat and electricity traveled from her nipples straight to her groin, and she felt a mini orgasm erupt, without even touching her clit. She sat in her Daddy's lap and shuddered a bit, trying to get it under control as he sat right there behind her. Her pussy leaked, and before she could catch it, she watched some pussy juice drip down, right onto the head of her Daddy's cock. Good aim! That would be the second time he had her pussy juice on him, and he wasn't aware of either case. She'd have to tell him some day, she grinned.
That was amazing. But she also wondered if they had gone too far. She had just earlier told herself touching was too far over the line. But it felt so good. Incredibly good and right and arousing and loving and perfect to share with her Daddy. She didn't know what to do. She put those thoughts aside for now, though, as her Daddy put things back in place and finished the massage. She fixed her shorts at the same time.
Chloe turned and looked her Daddy in the eyes. All doubt left her as she gazed into a perfect expression of love. His love for her. She touched his face and nodded her feelings in return.
Then she suggested a crazy idea that he lick the "lip gloss" off her lips instead of her kissing it onto him. He said yes! Heehee! He brought his face to hers and reached out with his tongue.
Allen lightly touched the shiny gloss on his baby girl's lips with his tongue. It had a slightly different consistency than the other lip glosses. That was probably his imagination. He wasn't sure if he could trust his senses anymore. They had been through a lot since starting this little game!
The flavor was different. He reached out again and licked more off her upper lip getting a good taste. Wow! It was...exotic? It was a little slimy, maybe creamy, and it tasted amazing! A little musky but the perfect amount, and an equally perfect level of sweetness. He wanted more! He leaned down to lick the rest off his daughter's upper lip and suck it down. Yum!
"It's delicious! Amazing. Seriously. I've never tasted anything like it. I can see you definitely saved the best for last! What is it?"
"Each one has a girl's name as part of it. This one coincidentally includes a familiar name," Chloe explained. "This is called Chloe's Essence." She blushed for some reason. Probably just from the suggestive connection to her own name. "There's more on my other lip." She stuck out her lower lip in offering.
Allen leaned forward and gently sucked his daughter's entire lip into his mouth. Inside, he ran his tongue over her lip, cleaning off its entire supply of Chloe's Essence. Delicious! He kissed her firmly and lovingly again and exclaimed again how delicious her final selection was. It was by far his favorite, and he really hoped he would get to taste it more.
"Of course, Daddy!" Chloe exclaimed. "You can taste all of them. Any of them. Any time you want to. Please ask, or I'll be sad." She gave him her puppy dog look, which was completely unnecessary in this case, as he definitely wanted more tastes of her. If the lip gloss provided a ready excuse, all the better! Especially if it was this last one.
"This was much more fun that I expected when we started, my precious girl!"
"I agree, Daddy. Thanks for...everything."
Allen leaned in to kiss his daughter again. She readily yielded and kissed him in return. They didn't hesitate to use their tongues this time. He ran his hands through his baby girl's hair as he pushed his love through his lips into her entire being, and he felt like her love was freely flowing back to him in return, over her tongue, through her lips, out of every part of her that connected to him in their loving embrace.
It was perfect. It was wrong.
It felt so incredibly right. They fit together like they were made for each other. But his doubts finally came close enough to the surface that he had to acknowledge them. Before this went further. Too far. He gave his daughter one last, deep, passionate kiss and received one fully and purely in return.
"Chloe?" he asked tenderly.
"Yes, Daddy?" She looked up at him with loving and innocent eyes. And strong arousal. Just as he felt.
"I love you more than words can express. I can't describe how happy you've made me tonight. But...I don't know. We...need to be careful. I don't know how to say it right. You're my deepest love. Truly, I hope you understand that. But... I... Well, for tonight at least, I think we'd better say goodnight for now. I hope that's OK. This night was...perfect. Do you understand?"
Chloe looked at him and considered what he said. He could see her intelligence and wit at work. He gave her time to think it over. "Yes, Daddy. You're right. I understand. And I agree. Truly I do," she replied, and her eyes said she meant it. "I... You... I need to..." She hesitated. She looked up at him vulnerably, and he felt he could see into her soul through her gorgeous eyes. She took a breath. "You should also know you are my one true love. You always have been. I realize it more and more each day. I believe you when you say that you have trouble describing your love for me, but please know I get it. Because I feel the same for you. Maybe deeper. Also to a level words can't properly express."
Chloe reached up and hugged her Daddy for a final time this night. She loved him so! She was glad he articulated some of the doubts she shared. What they experienced tonight felt right and perfect. (And she would still need to do something about how aroused she was!) But they had crossed several lines she hadn't intended to, exciting and enjoyable as it was to do so. She loved him for saying so. Now, they could cool off a bit and see how they felt in the morning.
But first, she brought her lips to his and gave him one more deep kiss of a lover's passion. Then she grabbed his head in her hands with a small chuckle, gave him a loud "Mwah! Mwah! Mwah!" kiss on each cheek and forehead, then a peck goodnight on his lips. For old times' sake.
Chloe's epilogue
Chloe started stripping her clothes off before she could even get her bedroom door closed. She was so horny! She was also so madly in love with her Daddy that she was a bit dizzy from the realization of how deep her feelings went. That pure and true emotion was an intense undercurrent to the surface feelings of erotic tension and the need for release. It all welled up in her again as she climbed the back stairs, and she dashed to her room with her t-shirt already coming off, as she gave a shove to the door on the way in.
She needed to bring herself to orgasm, and she needed to do it completely naked. She couldn't get her clothes off fast enough! She left a trail of t-shirt, shorts, red bra, and matching lacy panties as she jumped fully nude onto her bed and flipped onto her back. She attacked her pussy with her right hand and grabbed her left breast with her other.
Two fingers dove deeply into her pussy and started jackhammering in and out, while her thumb found her clit and rubbed it just right. She closed her eyes and relived the events of the evening. The intense kisses, where her knees would have buckled if she weren't already sitting down. Her Daddy was such a good kisser! His love of her pussy juice, even though he didn't know that's what it was. The overwhelmingly erotic image burned into her brain of her naked breasts in her Daddy's hands while her puffy, horny pussy dripped her juices down onto his exposed cock head between her legs. The mini orgasm she had while sitting on her Daddy's lap as he pinched her nipples so hard! Oh God, that pinch!
Chloe pinched her left nipple and was rewarded with an electric jolt traveling down to her already crackling pussy. Then she pinched as hard as she could, while she imagined it was her Daddy's strong hands on her breasts again, caressing them and then pinching her nipples hard between his strong Daddy fingers.
The sensation was immense and immediate! The huge jolt didn't travel to her pussy; it just exploded there, and Chloe called out, "Oh, Daddyyy!" as she shuddered uncontrollably in a double orgasm from her nipple pinch and her successful work on her clit. She came in waves on her jackhammering fingers, and every time she thought the feeling was waning, the image of her Daddy's hands or her Daddy's cock sent another shock, and she came again and again, until it was hard to breathe. Finally, mercifully, the shockwaves ebbed and eventually ended with a final flash and spurt onto her fingers. She hungrily licked all her delicious juices (Chloe's Essence!) off her coated hand and then dropped back onto her pillow, bathed in sweat.
The intensity of that orgasm was probably stronger than all her many previous orgasms combined. She had her Daddy to thank for that! If only he knew.
In per post-orgasm bliss, the calm she felt when saying goodnight to her Daddy returned. She turned off her light and got under her covers still naked, too spent to do anything about that. She reflected again on the evening. He was right to have called a halt to their antics when he did. With how wound up she had been, things might have progressed way beyond where either of them wanted.
Chloe loved her Daddy for being strong enough to say so and save both of them from making a mistake. There was a part of her that yearned for that mistake, and she let the glow of that feeling sink deep. What remained on the surface was full of continued love for her Daddy, the intensity and depth of which she had finally expressed out loud to him. She vowed to be good tomorrow.
Well, notthatgood, she grinned as she drifted off to sleep. She dreamed of her Daddy.
Allen's epilogue
Allen sat on the couch after watching over his shoulder while his daughter's glorious behind disappeared up the back stairs, which led up from where the family room met the kitchen, rising parallel to the kitchen. He sat stunned for a few moments as the implications of the evening crashed down on him again. They had both mutually and willingly crossed several lines he never intended to cross. And he had loved it! Intensely. He also knew it was right to put a halt to things when he did, and he gave himself weak congratulations for his ability to resist further temptation while chiding himself for going as far as he did.
It was hard to feel too guilty, though, about something that seemed so right. He allowed himself to relive the evening, and he could almost feel and taste her kisses on his lips (and in his mouth). He again had her young, round, soft, firm, perfect breasts in his hands, her nipples between his fingers, while (he realized after the fact with a mild shock this was probably true) she had an orgasm right on his lap.
Allen felt another surge in his cock and finally looked down. He confirmed he had in fact fallen out of his shorts, and his hard cock sat glistening between his legs. The couch was stained beneath. (Oops!) He also had a large amount of shiny pre-cum on top of his cock head, though he wasn't sure how it got there. He reached down to feel the slimy goodness of the pre-cum, and he spread it on his cock in a few strokes.
His cock lurched intensely as he did so! It was almost as if his cock knew something he didn't. What he did know was how incredibly turned on he was from the evening's events and the precious, beautiful, sexy young woman he loved. He realized with a start that at some point during their encounter, he had thought clearly of her as his lover. He let that taboo feeling linger briefly while he closed his eyes and reimagined the taste of her lips and the feel of her breasts as he stroked his cock. He gave a brief thanks to Chloe that she had brought a tissue box with the lip gloss and had left it behind. He wasn't going to last long at all!
Allen stroked firmly as he recalled the vision of his daughter's red-lace bra covered breasts as she leaned over while sitting down. He pumped harder at the delicious, sensual, intense perfection of their shared kisses. Chloe was such a good kisser! And he began coming hard in long ropes as his hands remembered the feel of her amazing breasts, which fit so perfectly in his hands like they were right where they belonged.
He kept coming in an incredibly strong orgasm, spending all the erotic tension that had built up during the highly unexpected evening. As he came, he could almost imagine his precious baby girl calling for him from upstairs.
As his orgasm subsided, he expected the usual guilty feelings to come crashing down on him again, but they didn't. They were there, and rightly so, but he mostly felt a sense of serenity as he acknowledged what had happened and that they had both consented to it. The calm feeling was supported by the fact that they had also stopped before taking things too far. Well, not exactly, since they actually had gone too far, mutual agreement or no. But they at least stopped before they both did something they'd regret.
Their surprising, mutual passion brought the strength and enormity of his love for Chloe to the surface. Their agreement to stop when they did solidified the depth of his feelings for his daughter and the intensity with which he could still love her. He had told her, out loud, how deep his feelings went, and she had said the same. He knew that was a big deal. He knew they would be OK. Well, he hoped and expected so. He would find out for sure tomorrow.
Allen wondered if things would fall back to how they were before all this craziness, which shockingly only started yesterday. Where would Monday fall on the normal to adventurous scale? He was interested to find out.
Allen went upstairs, blew a kiss towards his daughter's closed door, and went into his room to go to bed. He dreamed of Chloe.