The afternoon went by agonizingly slowly. My boss, Phil, seemed intent on getting some real work done before Steve, the big boss, arrived later in the afternoon. The three boys were clearly distracted by the fun they has each had with me at lunchtime, but they were now trying hard to stay focused and show some business results.
I was not really expected to contribute in this way any more. My role as office slut was now rather official and there seemed to be an understanding that I would be reserved as a plaything. I sat quietly, a little away from everyone. I was also trying not to think about all the day's adventures so my panties could dry a little.
At mid-afternoon Phil said they did not have time for a real break but that he would allow each of them a sixty second kiss with me just to clear their minds. Phil instructed me to sit in each of their laps, one after the other, and give it my all.
I was happy to be of use. I sat in Josh's lap first. Phil gave a 'go' command and I pushed my lips against his. Josh immediately ran his hand up my leg and under my panties, inserting a finger into me. It came as a bit of a shock, although I should have known that there would no longer be much discretion. Josh was clumsy, but it felt good. I whimpered a little as we kissed and the sixty seconds went by quickly.
I was a little shaken as I got up. I had come a long way in less than a week, but the experience of having my colleagues watching me be penetrated was still unsettling. As I walked the few steps to Mike, I saw him leering at me, then when I looked in his lap I saw his hand in it, with two fingers raised. I knew what he wanted. I took a deep breath then lifted my skirt, slid my panties to the side and slowly lowered myself on to his fingers. Phil started the clock but Mike just looked into my eyes for the first 30 seconds while moving his fingers in a circular motion that made me bite my lip and moan. The physical and psychological feeling was intense. Finally he kissed me hard and I kissed him back as passionately as I could. Phil again called time.
My heart was beating so fast. I lifted myself from Mike's finger slowly. Things had gone so far so fast and I had no idea what Phil had planned for me. I made my way over, disheveled and clearly used.
Phil simply slapped me on my ass lightly and firmly instructed, "Get yourself together. Steve will be here before 5pm."
I nodded, feeling a little ashamed for looking like such a slut, even though I was only following what I had been told to do. I excused myself to the bathroom and made myself presentable. When i returned the boys were all back at work.
I sat quietly on the side away from them and waited. I really didn't know what to expect with Steve. Did he know I was now the office plaything? Would I be expected to service him? Regardless I wanted to make Phil proud, so I was prepared to play whatever role was needed.
With nobody to talk to and nothing to do, I tried to meditate so I would stop thinking about Steve. I succeeded in zoning out for what seemed like a moment when suddenly Phil looked at a text on his phone and said "Steve's on his way up."
The boys got ready and Steve strolled in moments later. He seemed every inch a leader, completely confident and expecting everyone to be on their 'A' game for him. Steve briskly shook everyone's hands including mine. He eyed me up and down momentarily, but if he knew my new role he did not make it obvious.
Phil led a discussion of the project including where they were at, key challenges and next steps. A couple of days earlier I would have been completely engaged and participating but now I jiggled my leg anxiously for them to finish. I realized I hoped I would have my chance to impress Steve when they were finished...to serve him.
When the conversation finally finished Steve again shook the boys' hands and congratulated them on the good work. He then turned to me and said, "Come with me Steph."
With no further ceremony Steve started to leave the room. I rose quickly and followed him. I realized I was biting my lip as we walked down the hall.
After I followed him into the closet, Steve shut the door and turned to look me in the eyes. He was a little taller than me, but at that moment I looked up at him and felt that he was larger than life. He nodded the slightest nod and I started to unbutton my top. He watched, never taking his eyes off me as I removed my blouse and then reached to unzip my skirt.
"Slowly." he said softly.
I slowed my motions as I unzipped, then lowered my skirt for him. He held up a hand motioning for me to stop and looked me up and down. I fidgeted slightly and could feel myself getting wet just from his stare. He motioned for me to turn around with a wave of his hand and when I did he stared at my backside while I stayed staring ahead in my bra and panties. I found it excruciating to have him admire me like this without being able to please him. Steve grabbed me from behind and started kissing my neck. I hear myself make a guttural sound of pleasure from his touch. He put one hand in my panties with the other hand grabbing my tits. I felt myself dripping wet on his fingers and started begging him to fuck me. I had never begged a man like this before, but the words came out quickly as I pleaded with him.
Steve continued to go slow. He unzipped his pants then made me get down on my knees and suck his cock and touch myself at the same time. I did as I was told, still hoping that he would fuck me soon. Once he thought I did a good enough job Steve removed my bra and panties lifted me up so I was sitting on a box, and he finally started fucking me. It felt sooo good to finally be fucked like this as he took his time pushing in and out of me. All at once I realize how much I missed being fucked well, how everything felt right when a man who knew how to handle me was inside me.
Steve told me to put my hair in a high pony tail. I was confused by the request, but of course wanted to please him so I did as I was told, even though every instinct was to close my eyes and ride his cock. I started to tell him again I was happy to please him. He told me to continue talking so I told him I was his dirty slut and he can do whatever he wants to do to me. Steve's eyes lit up a little and he told me to bend over the box. I thought he was just gonna fuck me from behind but he rubbed his cock in my wetness then pushed it into my ass. I had only done this a few times so it caught me by surprise but he was in full control of me.
He took my messy pony tail in his hand and started spanking my ass. It all hurt but I just wanted more. For a moment I thought about somebody hearing his slaps and my moans, but it was so hot I completely lost myself. Steve grabbed my hand and guided it so I could massage my clit and I came intensely with his cock in my ass and my own hand touching myself. Steve was about to cum too so he pulled out and took off his condom to cum all over my face and tits. I did my job of licking his cock clean of cum as he stroked my red ass and told me what I could slut I was.
Steve told me he had been very impressed by our 1X1 and that he had many plans for me. I promised I would do whatever it took, and we both knew I really meant it.