The rest of the week went by in a blur and it was Friday before we knew it.
Mid afternoon I received a text from Amy. "Are you guys free for dinner tonight?"
"Just dinner?" I replied with a smiley face.
"Well I was thinking I might eat your cock for dessert xx..." was the response.
"Sounds good to us. What time were you thinking?" I replied.
Amy text back suggesting the sooner the better and said we could come round any time after 6.00pm.
Ruth and I both got showered before getting dressed. I wore a pair of jeans and a shirt. Ruth put on some very skimpy back lingerie before putting on a short summer dress which showed off her tanned legs perfectly. It was so short that when she bent over you would get a good view of her half naked ass. The front was also quite low cut showing off plenty of cleavage.
We made out way next door just after 6.00pm and were greeted by James who was similarly dressed to me.
We made our way into the kitchen where Amy was busy preparing a chicken salad. She was similarly dressed to Ruth in a short summer dress.
She came over and gave us both a hug before telling us to make ourselves at home. James brought us over a glass of wine and we chatted about our week before Amy came and joined us.
"Dinner's all ready whenever we are. I just made a chicken salad as I didn't want anything too heavy to spoil the after dinner arrangements."
I raised my eyebrows and smiled before holding up my wine glass. "Cheers to that."
We chatted for the next few minutes before sitting down to dinner. I was beside Amy and Ruth was beside James. Conversation flowed easily as usual but started edging a bit more towards our sexual exploits.
"So you mentioned that you guys have swapped before?" said Amy, clearing away the table. "How often if you don't mind me asking?"
"It's been quite a few times," replied Ruth. "It all started with Pete having a dream about me fucking another man in front of him. I never really considered it until then. The more I thought about it though the more turned on I got. We chatted a bit about it and fantasised about another man whenever we were fucking. I then went to a work conference a couple of weeks later and decided to do something about it. I chatted up a guy in the bar and told him I wanted to fuck him and would he come back to my room in ten minutes. He agreed straight away and I came back and video called Pete on my laptop. I told him what I had done but if he didn't want me to go through with it I would just tell the guy no. I told him he could watch me on the laptop."
"I was in two minds at first as I really wanted to be there in case something went wrong." I interrupted, "but I was also really turned on at the thought of it."
"He didn't get much time to think about it because the guy arrived at my room a bit sooner than I thought." said Ruth.
"Only it wasn't just him, was it?" I smiled.
"No it wasn't." replied Ruth, "His mate had broken up with his girlfriend and he was coming to apologise that he would have to turn me down. I was so turned on and when I had came this far I didn't want to stop so I told them both to come in."
"So you had two strangers in your room?" asked Amy, intrigued.
"At that stage yes," replied Ruth, "I sucked off the original guy before letting him fuck me. Half way through I got the second guy to come over so I could have another cock to suck. I ended up fucking him after a while but he didn't last and came inside me after a couple of minutes. The first guy then wouldn't fuck my pussy with his mates cum inside it so I told him to fuck my ass."
"We have all this recorded by the way." I interrupted, "so maybe some night we'll show you some of our 'home movies'..."
"Back to the story," smiled Ruth, "In the end they called another couple of their mates round and I ended up fucking four guys that night. I had two lots of cum in my pussy, one lot in my ass and one in my mouth and all over my face. Since then we've had quite a few adventures."
"Wow." replied Amy, "I don't know about the rest of you but I'm getting very turned on."
As if to prove a point she grabbed my hand sliding it under the table towards what I discovered was her naked pussy. I slipped a finger inside her and she clamped her pussy around it.
"Yip," I smiled, "She's definitely turned on. She's soaking."
"Ruth can I borrow your husband again please?" asked Amy.
"Go for it," replied Ruth smiling, "as long as I can borrow yours."
Amy pushed her chair back and got me to do the same before she pulled down my jeans and boxer shorts and kneeling under the table she took my hard cock in her mouth.
"Hmmmmm," she moaned, "I've missed this."
Ruth pushed her own chair back and got James to do the same before copying Amy and taking his hard cock in her mouth.
A few minutes later Amy stopped sucking my cock and stood up, turning round with her back to me. She lifted her dress up out of the way so she could take hold of my cock and guide it into her warm pussy.
"My god, that feels so good." she gasped as she started grinding down on my cock.
I reached round and lifted up the hem of her dress to give me access to her pussy.
I rubbed her pussy lips and started kissing and biting her neck as she fucked me next to my kneeling wife.
As she rode me she pulled down the straps of her dress exposing her boobs, taking them in her hands and twisting her nipples.
'If you keep sucking me like that Ruth I'm going to cum..." gasped James across the table.
"Well we can't have that just yet." replied Ruth, as she got up off her knees and lifted herself up onto the table, leaning back and pulling up the bottom of her dress.
"Come over here and fuck me." she demanded.
James moved over to the table and lifted Ruths legs up slightly so he could slip off her g-string before he knelt in front of her and started working on her moist pussy with his tongue and fingers.
"There's no need for any more of that." gasped Ruth after a couple of minutes. "Stick that cock in me now and fuck me until you fill my pussy with your cum."
Amy was still riding my cock as we watched the other two. Ruth telling James to cum in her pussy must have been a turn on for her as she stopped just grinding on my cock and put her hands on the edge of the table and started furiously bouncing up and down on it.
I held on to her hips, helping to force her pussy down as far as it would go onto my cock. If she didn't cum soon I was going to have to pull out. I wasn't far off and as much as Ruth wanted James to fill her with cum I know Amy wasn't on the pill.
"Oh my god I'm cumming," gasped Amy a few seconds later. She gripped my cock hard as she rode through her first orgasm gradually slowing down. Thankfully her slowing down had stopped me reaching my own orgasm.
She lifted herself off me and turned round before kissing me on the lips. "Thanks for that." she smiled, as she pulled her dress over her head, throwing it to one side.. "Where would you like me now?"
"Have you ever fooled around with another woman?" I asked.
"Not yet, but I wouldn't say no, what had you in mind?"
"I want you to bend over the table and start sucking on Ruth's nipples as I fuck you from behind."
Ruth overheard our conversation and pulled her dress off and undid the front fastening on her bra before grabbing Amy's hand and pulling her over towards her.
Ruth then took hold of the back of Amy's head and pulled her in for a kiss. As she stuck her tongue into her mouth I slid my cock back inside her pussy.
I think James liked were this was going and he lifted Ruth's legs up onto his shoulders, taking hold of her thighs and fucking her even harder than he had been.
A couple of minutes later Ruth broke off the kiss and pushed Amy's mouth down towards her boobs. As Amy enthusiastically started sucking on Ruth's nipples I continued to fuck her from behind, taking hold of her cute ass.
"I'm going to cum soon." gasped James a few minutes later.
"Cum in my pussy and then finish off over my boobs." suggested Ruth.
James grunted as he came inside my wife before pulling out a few seconds later and letting the rest of his cum spurt over Ruth's boobs and Amy's face until he stopped cumming completely.
Amy reached over and took hold of his shrinking cock, putting it in her mouth, enjoying the combined juices of his cock and Ruth's pussy.
"Do you want to eat Ruth's pussy?" I asked as I continued fucking her from behind.
Amy didn't answer and moved herself forward off my hard cock and bent over in front of Ruth's cum filled pussy.
"I've never eaten pussy before." she said shyly as she looked up at Ruth.
"You'll do great." replied Ruth.
Amy lowered her mouth to Ruth's pussy and started lapping up her husbands cum which had started to drip slowly from it.
James and I both stood by watching the scene unfold in front of us, leisurely wanking our cocks as we waited for whatever was next.
After a while Amy looked up at Ruth and asked her quietly if she would return the favour and eat her pussy.
"Of course," she smiled in return. "Let me lie on the floor and you can sit on my face while your husband starts fucking me again."
Ruth lay down on the mat in the living room before Amy came over and lowered her pussy down onto her mouth.
James knelt down behind Ruth and set a cushion beneath her cute ass before sliding his now hard cock back inside her. Not wanting to be left out I went and stood in front of Amy offering her my cock to suck which she gladly accepted.
We continued like this for the next few minutes before Amy moaned that she was cumming. She let my cock drop from her mouth as she held her breath, clamping her thighs around Ruth's head.
Not wanting the night to end just yet I suggested that James and I spit roast the girls until we both came again. The girls got on all fours beside each other but facing opposite directions. We started with Ruth first and James fucked her from behind as she sucked my cock. Amy played with her pussy as she waited her turn.
After a few minutes we swapped and this time I fucked Amy from behind as she sucked her husband's cock.
We continued like this for a few more minutes swapping a couple more times before James asked if I was close. I said I was and I slapped Amy on the ass, getting her to kneel in front of us. Ruth did the same. We stood in front of each other's wives wanking our cocks before spurting ribbons of warm sticky cum over them. The girls took our cocks in their mouths filling them with cum before turning to each other and swapping cum with their tongues. It was so hot and was I'm sure a fantasy of many men...
That was certainly a night to remember and as we all got ourselves cleaned up we made a promise to continue along a similar theme the following weekend, only with Amy and James coming over to ours.
On Thursday evening James called round at ours to say that he had to go away for the weekend at short notice. There was a problem with one of the other offices that he needed to sort out. It could be Sunday before he would be back. He apologised for messing up our plans but said that he was happy for Amy to come over on her own if that was ok with us.
"When you say come over do you mean just for dinner?" I asked, not wanting to cross any lines.
"No." he replied, "you can both do whatever you want to her. As long as I get to hear about it when I get back. Maybe take a few pics for me."
He didn't stay long as he needed to get home and pack and I imagine give Amy a good fucking since he wouldn't be seeing her for a few days.
The next day I got a text from Amy just checking if it was ok if she came over that night.
"Of course," I replied, "You're always more than welcome."
I told Ruth that Amy was going to come over later and it was only then she reminded me that she had arranged to go out with the girls from her work that evening.
"Sorry," I replied, "I completely forgot. I'll text her back and tell her to make it tomorrow night instead as we originally planned."
"Don't be daft," replied Ruth, "There's no point you both sitting in alone. Just don't do anything I wouldn't do..."
"Well, that doesn't leave much." I replied with a smile.
"I know." said Ruth as she kissed me hard on the lips. "You have my blessing to do whatever you want with her. Just tell me all about it later."
I immediately texted Amy back to let her know it would just be the two of us but she was more than welcome to come over any time after 7.00pm.
"Can't wait xxx" came the reply.
Ruth headed out around 6.30pm and I got myself showered and ready for Amy coming over.
The doorbell went on the dot of 7.00 and I answered to find Ruth wearing high heels and a light summer rain jacket which came about half way down her thigh.
"Are you expecting rain?" I asked as I looked her over.
"No," she replied, letting herself in as I closed the door behind her, "but it was all I could find that was long enough to cover this."
She set down her handbag and undid the belt on her jacket, letting it fall to the floor before doing a twirl. She was wearing high heels and what can only be described as bondage wear... There were a few small strips of leather which didn't really cover anything. What it did do was make her amazing boobs look even better pushed up together. The straps around her ass cheeks also made her cute ass even more fuckable looking. There was literally nothing covering her nipples or her shaved pussy. There were also a couple of straps round the tops of her thighs and one round her throat.
"I take it you like it then?" she smiled, coming over to me and grabbing the outline of my cock which was getting harder by the minute.
"What's not to like?" I replied, squeezing her ass.
Amy wasted no time in getting on her knees and pulling down my trousers and boxers.
"Can I?" she asked sweetly as she held my now hard cock in her hand.
"Of course," I replied, smiling, "no need to ask permission."
With that she ran her tongue over the tip of my cock before swallowing it whole.
The next few minutes were bliss as Amy expertly sucked my cock, taking me to the brink several times before backing off again.
"Ok, that's enough" I gasped. "I really need to fuck you."
I took Amy by the hand pulling her up towards me and led her down to our bedroom.
I took off what was left of my clothes and told Amy to sit on the bed and spread her legs.
"Like this?" she replied as she lay down and not only spread her legs but held her pussy lips apart with her fingers.
I could see just how damp she was and as much as I would enjoy eating her out I really wanted to bury my cock inside her.
I lined my cock up with her welcoming pussy and slid all the way in. This was going to be hard and fast. We had the rest of the night still.
I held onto each of her ankles as my cock pounded her pussy as hard as I could.
"Oh my god." she cried, "keep fucking me like that. I can feel your balls hitting my ass as you fuck me. I think I'm going to cum soon."
Amy rubbed furiously at her pussy as my cock worked its magic.
"I'm cumming," she gasped a few minutes later, clamping her pussy on my cock.
I let her catch her breath for a minute before asking her to turn over and get on all fours.
I got up on the bed and lined my cock up again with her pussy.
I held onto the straps around her waist as I fucked her from behind admiring her cute ass as it rippled slightly with my efforts. She threw her head back and I grabbed hold of her long blond hair with one hand pulling it back.
It wasn't long before I felt the familiar tingling in my balls. As much as I would love to flood her unprotected pussy with my cum I knew I couldn't.
"I'm going to cum," I gasped as I withdrew my cock from her wet pussy.
Amy turned over and lay on the bed and opened her mouth.
I moved up a bit wanking my cock and aiming at her mouth. She grabbed my balls as the first spurts of my cum hit her in the face. I directed a few more towards her mouth and she lapped them up like it was the most delicious thing she had ever tasted before taking hold of my cock and starting to suck the rest of my cum straight from the tip.
"Where's your phone?" she asked as she finished licking my cock like it was an ice-cream.
I went and got my phone from the hall and brought it back to her.
"Take some pictures of me covered in your cum and send them to James." she asked.
She pouted and showed off different angles of her cum covered body as I snapped away. She even bent over and spread her pussy lips to show James just how wet she was.
I fired them off to him in a message hoping he liked them and wouldn't be annoyed.
A couple of minutes later my phone started ringing with a video call. "Well, you two look like you're having fun."
"Oh, we are," I replied, "You ok with that?"
"Absolutely." replied James quickly, "I love the thought of Amy fucking another guy. As long as I know about it."
"I decided to wear one of your favourite outfits tonight," interrupted Amy, twirling around in front of my phone."
"Oh, I noticed," replied James, laughing, "I got an instant hard on when I saw the pics. Are you guys finished or just getting started?"
"Just getting started." replied Amy as she reached over and squeezed my hardening cock. "Are you busy?"
"Not especially," replied James, "I'm here on my own just waiting on a software update completing."
"Why don't you stay on and watch?" suggested Amy.
I set my phone up on a shelf in the bedroom making sure I could get most of the room in.
Amy disappeared but came back a few seconds later. "James loves it when I use my suction dildo when I'm sucking his cock so I decided to bring it with me."
She showed me a large dildo with a suction cup before proceeding to lick the base and stick it to our wooden floor in front of the bed. We had mirrored wardrobes in our bedroom so James and I could get a great view front and back as Amy fucked her dildo.
"Come over here Pete and sit in front of me."
I went and sat on the end of the bed in front of Amy who was on her knees. She took hold of the dildo in one hand, rubbing it over her wet pussy before lowering herself down on to it. She had her eyes closed and was biting her lower lip. She looked so hot at that point my cock was instantly as hard as it had ever been.
"Hmmmm," she moaned, "That feels so good."
She took my cock in one hand and began riding the dildo while she gave my cock a slow wank.
After a couple of minutes she took my cock in her mouth and started riding the dildo faster and faster. She was moaning with my cock in her mouth and the vibrations felt amazing.
It looked like she was going to cum any second.
Suddenly she let my cock drop from her mouth as she gripped the bed with one hand her other flew down towards her pussy as she closed her eyes letting her orgasm flood her body.
"Oh my god," she gasped, "that was intense."
I gave her a couple of minutes to catch her breath and then grabbed my phone from the shelf and told Amy to get up and turn round with her back to me, facing the mirrored wardrobes. She put one leg either side of me and took hold of my cock before lowering herself down on to it.
"Are you getting all this James?" I asked, making sure James was still watching.
"Oh I am." he replied, as I noticed he had his own cock out wanking off while he watched.
I made sure that he had a good view as Amy started riding me reverse cowgirl, watching herself in the mirror. She looked incredible, bouncing up and down on my hard cock, her pussy fully on show to her husband, her boobs swinging freely in front of her.
I lay back on the bed slightly so I could watch her cute ass as it swallowed my cock before rising up again, showing my cock coated in her juices.
Amy bent forward slightly, resting her hands on her thighs so she could control herself better. She looked over her shoulder and smiled at me and her husband as he watched from afar. She slowly started riding my cock, gripping it as tight as she could. It was memorising, watching the lips on her pussy expand and contract to accommodate my width. She lifted herself up until the tip of my cock nearly slipped out before slowly lowering herself back down again, making sure my cock was buried as deep as possible.
This was driving me crazy. There are times when all I want is a good fast hard fuck but other times, slow and steady really does it for me. This was one of those times.
"Are you enjoying this boys?" said Amy, looking over her shoulder with a smile.
"Oh yes." we both called at the same time.
Amy moved one hand down to her pussy and started rubbing her outer lips, letting her fingers rub across my cock as it revealed itself. She continued like this for several minutes, occasionally lifting her fingers to her mouth and sucking each one in turn. If she wasn't careful I was going to blow my load inside her unprotected pussy.
She must have been reading my mind. "Would you like to cum inside me Pete? I would love to feel your cum flooding my pussy. Would you like that? Would you like to put a baby in me?"
Fuck me, if she kept going like that I wouldn't be able to stop it happening.
"Cum for me Pete. I want to see your cum drip from my pussy."
I tried to hold back for the next few minutes but it the thought of cumming inside her pussy was too much. "I'm going to cum." I shouted, not able to hold back any longer.
As quick as a flash, Amy slid back off my cock and grabbed hold of it. She pointed it at her pussy and wanked it like it was her own, as spurt after spurt of my cum flew over her bare pussy and stomach.
I could watch in the mirrors as her hand slowed down before she lifted it up to her mouth and licked my cum from her fingers. She looked down at her pussy, rubbing drops of escaped cum all around her pussy, careful though not to push any inside. She scooped up a few more drops and licked them from her fingers before turning round to me on the bed.
"I think you enjoyed that."
"You're lucky I didn't cum inside you." I gasped, "James would kill me."
"I'm not so sure." she replied, "James told me he has always wanted to see another mans cum drip from my pussy. I just can't go on the pill so I would need to take the morning after pill if it ever happened."
"Is that true James?" I asked, suddenly remembering that James was still on video call.
"I think it would be so hot." he replied.
Amy then took my phone so she could look at her husband. "Did you cum all over yourself?"
James pointed the phone down and you could tell there was cum over his cock, trousers and boxers which he pulled down a bit to get access to his cock.
"I couldn't help it." he smiled, "the thought of Pete cumming inside you really got me going. There's nobody else here though so I'll get cleaned up shortly."
James said his goodbyes, telling Amy he would call her later before bed.
"So, you really enjoyed that then?" she said turning to me with a smile.
"Oh, I think you can tell by the amount of cum there is."
"I'm glad I have that effect on you. It's makes me horny thinking about you and your cock." she replied.
"You're welcome to come round and use it anytime you like." I replied, "I'm always up for seeing you. That goes nearly as much for fully dressed and a coffee as it does dressed like you are now."
"I'm glad," replied Amy, "I don't want you thinking that I'm just some sort of slut."
"Absolutely not," I replied, "I've always liked you. Getting to fuck you is just an added bonus."
Amy got herself cleaned up a bit before putting her coat back on and heading next door.
I got a shower and headed to bed to read and wait for Ruth to come home.
She arrived home just before midnight, slightly tipsy.
"You had a good night then?" I asked as she nearly fell over trying to take off her high heels. She had worn a short skirt and low cut blouse which wasn't unusual. She enjoyed the looks she got from other guys.
"I did." she replied, slurring slightly. "The girls were in great form. We got chatting to a group of young guys too and they persuaded us to play a few games of pool with them. They were buying us drinks most of the night which is why I'm a bit worse for wear..."
"And what did you have to do for them in return?" I asked, raising my eyebrows.
"Not much." replied Ruth, collapsing into bed beside me finally undressed. "They got a bit of an eyeful when I was bent over the pool table."
"Very naughty." I replied, raising my eyebrows at her.
"The guys were daring us all sorts, depending on whether we sunk the ball or not. I had to show them my boobs a couple of times, give one of them my thong and give a couple of them a quick hand job. One of them slipped a finger inside when I was bent over the table but I think he was just trying to put me off."
"Elise came off the worst. She was pretty drunk and ended up losing a dare and having to fuck one of them bent over the pool table while everyone one else watched."
"And I thought you were always the one to watch?" I replied, shocked.
I had met Elise on a few occasions and she always seemed pretty quiet and sensible but Ruth had told me if she gets too much to drink she gets a bit wild.
"So should I ask what you and Amy got up to?" said Ruth as she turned round to face me.
"Now that would be telling..." I laughed.
"Did you fuck her?"
"I did. The way she was dressed she was lucky I didn't blow my load inside her."
"Why what was she wearing?" asked Ruth, intrigued.
"Not very much." I replied, "high heels and some leather bondage straps which hid absolutely nothing."
I got my phone from the night stand and showed Ruth some of the pics and footage I had taken.
"Wow." replied Ruth after looking through it all. "She looks amazing. I'm surprised you didn't cum inside her."
"I nearly did, and she does want me to but that's a story for another day." I replied, starting to run my hands over her body. "So you didn't give any of those guys a blow job?"
"Nope. I might have fingered myself for a bit in front of them but that doesn't count."
"Show me how." I whispered.
Ruth then proceeded to run her hands down her body, circling her pussy and rubbing them over her thighs before sliding the tip of a finger over her slit.
She rubbed a couple of fingers over her outer lips, moving her other hand up to play with her nipple.
"How many guys were watching you?" I asked as I started stroking my own cock.
"A few," she replied quietly, "maybe six or seven."
"Slide your fingers inside." I replied, "Imagine it's one of those guys fingering you in front of his friends."
Ruth slid two fingers inside her pussy, getting more and more turned on.
"Are you going to cum in front of all these guys watching you?" I whispered as Ruth closed her eyes.
"Yes." she gasped, removing her fingers, "I'm going to cum soon. Put your cock inside me."
I wasted no time climbing between my wife's legs and slipping my hard cock inside her. I pulled her towards me, lifting her legs up onto my shoulders and started fucking her hard and fast. Even though I had already cum twice that night I didn't think I would last long.
"Imagine this is one of those strangers. He has you on your back on the pool table in the middle of the bar. Your skirt is round your waist. You're not wearing any knickers. His cock buried inside you as he fucks you in front of a crowd of people."
Ruth reached down and started rubbing at her pussy.
"Are you going to let this stranger cum inside you? With all those people watching?"
"Fuck me harder, I'm going to cum." she gasped.
I bent her legs back towards her shoulders and stood up driving my cock into her pussy from above.
"I'm cumming." she cried out after a couple of minutes.
As Ruth's pussy tightened around my cock it exploded, coating her insides with my sticky cum.
After we caught our breath I let her legs back down and pulled my cock from her well used pussy.
"Wow." she smiled, "Thats maybe one fantasy we should make come true."
We both got cleaned up and headed back to bed, this time to sleep.
The next evening Amy came round again, this time for dinner.
She had a few more clothes on this time but her Daisy Duke shorts showed off the creases of her cute ass cheeks. She was also wearing a tight low-cut t-shirt and no bra. I could see her nipples clearly pointing out and I wasn't sure if she was a bit cold or just horny.
She hugged both of us before checking that it was still ok being there without James. She didn't want to interrupt a romantic evening.
"Don't be daft." replied Ruth, "We love having you here. Whether it's one of you or both."
"Pete showed me some pics from last night. You looked incredible. I must get the details from you of where you got that outfit."
"Of course." replied Amy, "I got it online but I can send you the link if you want. They have a lot of sexy stuff. Thanks again for lending me your husband. Do you not get jealous at all? Especially if you're not here."
"We trust each other." replied Ruth, coming over to give me a kiss. "I had some fun myself last night when I was out with the girls."
Ruth then proceeded to tell Amy just what she got up to at the bar.
"Wow, I'm not sure if James would be happy if I did the same." replied Amy.
"Give him time." I said, "I love Ruth coming home and telling me what she got up to. It's some of the best sex we have. We don't cross the line though when we're out. Always ask permission instead of forgiveness. I don't mind Ruth playing with a couple of cocks without me but no sex or blowjobs. She can show herself off as much as she wants though. I like the fact that other guys get turned on by her but she always comes home to me."
"I'm not sure I could finger myself in front of a stranger never mind play with their cock." replied Amy.
"You could, if you're horny enough." smiled Ruth.
"Or drunk enough." I laughed.
We sat down to a dinner of steamed fish. The wine and conversation flowed about all sorts but always came back to sex.
"So these movies..." said Amy when we were just finishing up. "Can I see some of them? Would you mind?"
"Not at all." replied Ruth, not one bit nervous about showing off her body or letting another woman see her orgasm on more than one cock. "Which ones would you like to see? We've got quite a collection."
"Can I see some of the group ones?" replied Amy, "How many guys have you had at once?"
"Sure. In the one night I think four is probably the most. Three at the one time."
"Wow." replied Amy, "I'd love to see that one."
I topped up everyone's wine glasses and we retired to the living room where I plugged my laptop into our main TV.
I found the movie of Ruth when she was away at a work conference and started it playing. There was a view from Ruths laptop which she had left on the desk in her hotel room and also some footage from her phone which I had spliced together pretty successfully if I say so myself.
I sat down on the sofa to the left of Amy who had Ruth to her right.
The movie played and it relayed a lot of the conversation between Ruth and I about how she was going to fuck another guy while I watched from home on the laptop.
This all started with a dream I had about Ruth fucking another man while I watched and she decided to make it a reality. She was at a work conference and had a few drinks and thought this was a good way to start.
Back to the movie and there a knock at the bedroom door and two guys had arrived, not one.
As the movie went on we all watched as Ruth sucked off a stranger in her hotel room before letting him fuck her bareback.
Amy started shifting about in her seat a bit and a quick glance at her nipples told me that she was getting turned on.
As Ruth called over the second guy in the movie so they could spit roast her Amy's hands started rubbing her bare thighs.
When the second guy in the movie ended up cumming inside Ruths pussy I could tell that Amy was really horny. I moved my hand over and ran it up her thigh before rubbing her pussy over the outside of her short shorts.
As Ruth got her ass fucked on screen she reached over and started to unbutton Amy's shorts before taking my hand and slipping it inside Amy's knickers.
Amy gasped as my fingers started rubbing over her damp pussy.
On screen another two guys had arrived and Ruth was lining them up to fill all her holes.
As Amy watched memorised, Ruth got down in front of her and started to pull off her shorts and thong before spreading her legs and leaning in to start licking her pussy.
I had seen the movie countless times and wanted to concentrate more on the beauty beside me. I reached over and started to pull her t-shirt up. Amy lifted her hands up allowing me to pull it over her head.
I played with her nipples before leaning down and taking one in my mouth.
Amy was squirming in the seat and took hold of Ruth's head, holding it in closer to her pussy. I took a breast in each hand and alternated between each of them, sucking and biting lightly on her nipples.
Just as the three guys on screen filled Ruth with their cum Amy cried out with an orgasm.
"Oh my god..." she gasped, "don't stop."
Ruth and I continued for the next few seconds eventually slowing down as Amy's breathing returned to normal.
Amy released her hold on Ruth's head, apologising for gripping her so tightly.
"That was incredible." she gasped. "And that movie was so.... slutty. Can I say that? The thought of having four guys cum inside me... wow... just wow."
"I really need a cock in me though after watching that. Do you mind?" she asked, look towards Ruth.
"Not at all." she smiled as she moved across to me, still on her knees. I unzipped my jeans and let Ruth pull them down along with my boxers, my hard cock bouncing free.
As I took off my t-shirt Ruth took my cock in her mouth giving it a quick suck before pointing towards Amy. "He's all yours."
Amy stood up and I shuffled across so I was underneath her. As she lowered herself down Ruth took my cock in her hand, rubbing it over Amy's outer lips before holding it steady as her pussy engulfed it completely.
Amy leaned back on me and as she ground her pussy on my cock I grabbed her boobs in my hands, playing once again with her nipples.
"I love your cock inside me." she gasped, "it feels huge."
Ruth who was on the floor in front of us started playing with my balls and rubbing her fingers over Amy's pussy as my cock slid in and out. After a few minutes, she got up and stripped off completely and disappeared.
She came back a couple of minutes later with some lube and an assortment of toys.
She picked up a large vibrator and put some lube on it before turning it on to its most powerful setting and rubbing over Amy's pussy.
"Fuck." she gasped, gripping my cock even tighter.
She reached her hand down to take hold of the vibe and starting using it on herself for the next few minutes as she fucked me.
Ruth smiled up at her and took another one of her toys, this time a but plug. She put some lube on it and held it up to show Amy.
Amy stopped what she was doing and smiled. She lifted herself up off my cock and handed the vibe back to Ruth before turning round and lowering herself back down onto my cock. She reached behind and pulled her ass cheeks apart slightly, letting Ruth slip the butt plug slowly inside.
She moaned as she enjoyed the feeling of two of her holes being filled once more.
Ruth in the meantime leaned back on one elbow and took the vibe Amy had been using and started rubbing it over her own pussy before slipping it all the way inside.
Now that Amy was facing me as she rode my cock I could take her amazing boobs in my mouth and suck on her nipples, my hands gripping her ass cheeks. I wasn't sure how much longer I could last without cumming and I know Amy would like filled with my cum at some stage but not without her husband here.
Which reminded me, James would want to see video or pics of tonight.
"Ruth, grab my phone from the table and get some pics for James before I blow my load inside this pussy."
At the mentioned of me flooding her pussy with my cum Amy ground down harder on my cock. I held tightly onto her ass, using my finger to push the butt plug in as far as it would go.
Ruth came back with my phone and took some pics for James before recording his wife bouncing furiously on my cock, a butt plug filling her asshole.
"I'm going to cum soon." I gasped holding tightly on to Amy's ass.
"Not yet," she gasped, "I'm nearly there."
"Imagine that was you in that movie." I said breathlessly, trying not to cum. "Imagine you had three strangers cocks inside you at the same time."
"Oh my god," she cried, "I would love that. I would feel like such a slut..."
"Imagine they told you they were going to cum soon. Would you let them cum inside you? Would you let them fill all your holes with their sticky cum?"
"Yes." she cried out, as her orgasm overtook her body. She closed her eyes and held her breath as she gripped by cock tightly.
I tried thinking of anything except Amy having three strangers fucking her. If I kept thinking of that I was going to cum...
When she answered yes I wasn't sure if that was an answer to my question or if she was just calling yes, that she was cumming. I would have to ask her another day, maybe when she was fully clothed.
After Amy caught her breath, she stood up letting my cock slip from her pussy before she got down on her knees in front of me and took my cock in her mouth for a few minutes.
"Ruth, would you like a go with your husband before I make him shoot his load down my throat?"
"This dildo can only do some much." she replied, "I prefer a real cock inside me."
Amy told me to lie on the floor so Ruth could ride me cowgirl.
I did as instructed and Ruth lowered her loose pussy easily down on to my cock. I don't think I was any match for that 9 inch dildo.
She started riding my cock with her hands on my chest, moving her pussy quickly back and forward.
After a couple of minutes Amy went over to inspect Ruth's toy collection. She came back with a smaller dildo, maybe 7 inches. After sucking it for a minute getting it nice and wet she gently pushed Ruth forward so her boobs were hanging over my mouth.
As I sucked on my wifes nipples Amy slowly eased the dildo into her asshole. I could feel it as it went deeper and deeper, rubbing up against my hard cock just separated by a thin layer.
Ruth had her eyes closed and was biting her bottom lip, obviously enjoying this as much as I was.
A moment later she started rocking back on forth on the two objects inside her although it was more Amy's doing as she pushed her ass forward and back, fucking her asshole with the dildo as my cock was buried in her pussy.
A minute or two later Amy decided to increase the speed obviously trying to get Ruth to cum. She was using that dildo to full effect, pushing and pulling, twisting and turning it as she went.
"I'm going... to... cum.... sooon..." gasped Ruth.
Nearing her goal Amy reached down with her free hand and started playing with my balls, rubbing her fingers over my cock as it slid from my wifes pussy.
That was all it took for me and after a few more seconds my cock shot spurt after spurt after spurt inside Ruth's pussy.
"Oh my god." she cried as she reached her own orgasm. Clamping down on my spurting cock.
Amy slowly pulled the dildo from Ruth's ass and she rolled off me onto her back, letting my cock flop onto my stomach.
Amy took it in her hand before bending down and sucking it, removing any of my cum as well as the juices from Ruth's own orgasm. She then turned her attention to Ruth and gently spread her legs so she could lick and suck my cum from her pussy.
Her smiling face was gleaming with a combination of juices when she came up for air a few minutes later. "Well that was fun."
We spent the rest of the evening watching a few more of our home movies and taking turns pleasuring each other before Amy said her goodbyes and headed home.