So, it was the Saturday before college started and we didn't have much going on. And I felt like having a stress-relieving day, so I put on my hiking boots, some pink booty shorts, and a black low-cut tank top. I then called my boyfriend with whom I have been dating for a few weeks, who plays football for the University, and after some convincing, I got him to go on a hike with me around a local lake. It has a lot of trails and is very scenic. I also packed lunch and some other essentials in a small backpack.
We drove out there in his car, and when we got to the trailhead I told him I would take the lead, as I knew trails better than he did, and he didn't complain, because he got to check out my butt the whole hike. Throughout the hike, we would see a lot of other people along the trail, most were checking me out, which I don't even mind. I am kind of an exhibitionist, and I do wear revealing clothes for a reason. I led him about 2 ½ miles into the hike, to a nice secluded clearing, and suggested that we stop for lunch. He thought that was a good idea, and we grabbed a few sandwiches, bags of chips, and water, and relaxed.
I then told him to have a seat on a rock and gave him a little smile. I then told him, why do you think I wanted you to come out here today? He said, "for exercise?" I said "kinda". He then said, "for relaxation?" I said, "in a way". I then said, "how about I show you why I wanted why I wanted you to come out here". I then dropped to my knees in front of him, pulled down his shorts and boxer briefs, pulled out his BBC, and started to lick and suck on it. I think it all made sense to him now. I could feel him getting harder in my mouth as the seconds passed, and then I moved to his balls and sucked on those while continuing to stroke his shack with both hands. I then went back to his shaft and used my tongue on his head. That made his eyes roll back.
He told me to stand up and bent his knees some, and for me to turn around and I could feel his erect cock against my plump ass through my tight shorts. He then was whispering into my ear about how hot it was that everyone on the trail was checking me out, and how only he gets to do this to me. At the same time, he slipped one of his massive hands down into my shorts, slid my panties to the side, and started to rub my pussy and clit. He then started to kiss my neck, which he knows is one of my soft spots. With his other hand, he pulled up my tank top and was fondling my right breast, slowly teasing my areola. After about 10 minutes of this I then almost yelled out I need you inside of me now.
So I went to the backpack and grabbed a condom and put it on him. I peeled down my shorts to my ankles, bent over a rock, and told him to get that big dick inside of me now. He then teased me with the head of his cock, knowing I love the anticipation, then plunged it into me. Going about 3 inches at first, then pulling out, then 4 inches, then pulling out, followed by a hard slap on my ass that could probably be heard by anyone within 100 yards. He then went balls deep in me, which made me squeal. And he grabbed my short hair. "Oh my god, yes right there" I yelled. He then kept long stroking me. Continuously slapping my ass, and grabbing my hair, getting me closer to an orgasm. He then got really aggressive as he knew I was getting close and started to pound me really hard from behind and telling me things like who pussy is this, and I answered "your's daddy". That got him really riled up, so he kept on going, and then I couldn't stop cumming on his BBC.
He then pulled out of me, pulled off his condom, and blew his load all over my phat ass. We then got cleaned up and hiked back, he was exhausted and I was a little flushed, not sure if the other hikers could tell what we were doing out there. I was walking a little bow-legged and slower on the way back.