For the rest of that afternoon and evening I just couldn't keep still. I'd had various kinds of emotions after my adventures but I'd usually been able to process them mentally after a little while, but this one was possibly just too much. Every time I tried to be still and consider what had just happened I felt an overpowering urge to be up and doing something.
I gave into those feelings without too much worry, and despite talking with parents and friends and visiting my Gran I still thought about things, mostly on the drives or as my mind wandered watching TV that evening. I wasn't feeling bad or ashamed, or at least it didn't seem to me to be the case, it felt more like it was just too conflicting to get my head around. To take just one example I couldn't decide if I was properly angry at Jim for pushing things too far, or if we had both just played the parts I'd very obviously wanted to perfection. The moment in the car park when I was naked was by far the most vivid thing that had happened all day.
That seemed ridiculous given what Tom and I got up to in the car. I couldn't ignore what we'd done and I knew it could be quite a big deal. It was, however, hard to reconcile what I thought I should be feeling, that giving someone a blow job was much more important and exciting than taking your clothes off, with what I actually did feel, which was that it really wasn't. I had already kind of given one to Owen in the changing room, but I'd been more than happy to not dwell on that at all. Tom was different given we were now friends of a sort, but as much as I genuinely liked him it felt like a fluke that it had been him and not Jim.
Every moment of my naked dash seemed burned into my memory, but the frantic sexual encounter had just left impressions. Very pleasant impressions but the more I made myself consider it it felt like just an inevitable release of tension, and in no way the main event we'd been building towards. One important guide was how the events felt when I remembered them. Every look I'd received from the group of guys by the car now seemed to have lasted five minutes, and I knew it was likely going to fuel my fantasies for the next few days. In contrast thinking about the car didn't particularly fire me up again, and the moment right at the start of the day, when Tom had rushed upstairs to catch me changing and I'd knowingly left my boobs out for him, got my juices flowing again much more obviously. It was obviously just the way I was wired.
As I went to bed I started to think about tomorrow, and the fact that I'd likely have to interact with Tom and Jim again. At first that seemed tricky, but I quickly realised it likely wouldn't be at all. I know Tom wouldn't push things, and besides, it's not that I was unhappy with what had happened between us, I just knew it wasn't anything I wanted to get in the way. I was vaguely aware that I could probably turn his desires to my advantage if I figured it out correctly, but that seemed something I could happily leave for the future.
As for Jim I worried how I'd reconcile my annoyance at him with his inevitable jealousy of Tom and likely expectation of the same treatment. However, now that the calmness I'd lately found about my new life was returning, I realised there was no need to reconcile them at all. I was still peeved about his lies earlier, but the idea he might come calling in expectation didn't anger me in itself and I realised that me starting out annoyed was usually the way Jim and I had fun together. In the back of my mind I knew I would give him what he wanted, I always did, but I was content to let the part of me that thought I might resist or persuade him to do something more fun continue to fool itself. I was ready for either or both of them.
Which, of course, made the fact that the morning passed without any word from either of them all the more aggravating.
Around ten thirty I tried to do some more college preparation work. I told myself that until a few weeks ago then I spent every day not showing off to men so one was hardly a big deal, but despite how ridiculous it was I knew it was all I was interested in at the moment. I found myself dwelling again on the very public exposure I'd had yesterday and how that was something pretty new and exciting.
Being naked in the car park was perhaps the highlight, but I also thought about the ridiculous dress Tom had got for me. The last time I'd decided to buy some more revealing clothing had been right at the start of my new adventures, and back then even clothes that most women wouldn't think twice about had seemed daring. Now, however, I knew I was ready to push boundaries by anyone's standards. The clock ticked forwards slowly and still no one got in touch, I again felt the urge to be doing something and before I knew it I was in the car heading to buy some clothes.
Compared to my last mall visit this one was pretty uneventful. I'd made a quick pass and identified a shop that seemed like it would be selling what I was after, which was still just about normal party clothes but the ones that most girls would never consider and gossiped meanly about the sort of girls who did.
As it turned out there were maybe more of that sort of girl about than I thought, or at least the shop was pretty crowded. It wasn't that big, though, and it was really only a handful of dresses and skirts that struck me as being as daring as the tiny thing Tom found for me. With the crowds and the impersonal hubbub I decided I wanted to get in and out as quickly as possible as it didn't seem like there would be any opportunity to try things on in a way that might be fun. There were almost no men in the shop, and the few that were were clearly just waiting for one of the other women.
I grabbed a black glittery dress that seemed very similar to the one from yesterday, just a tiny tube of thin material, and then another black one that seemed like it would hang with just two, thin draping folds of material across my breasts. They reached down to the waistband, which had a very short flowing skirt beneath. My stomach lurched slightly at the idea of wearing either in public and the second seemed very probably intended for someone with much smaller boobs than me, but I hurried to the counter and paid and was on my way.
I checked my phone again when I got to the car, there was nothing but I made sure it was sat in the hands free cradle in case anyone called me. I even wondered about driving past the restaurant where I'd met Nick and seeing if I could get his attention in one of the dresses. It felt promising but also as if the idea needed some more work before I could put it into action. I would also have had to change in the car, though that idea was hardly something I'd hesitate to do given the right circumstances.
As it was, though, I found myself heading home. I resolved that, as I had with the lingerie survey, I would come up with a solid idea of my own and stop hanging about waiting for someone to call me. Obviously, almost as soon as I made that commitment my phone rang.
I glanced at the screen and it was from the fake profile I remembered Geoff had set up. He was someone I'd been thinking of at the back of my mind for a while, it had seemed that since he'd set me up with Brad he'd possibly been avoiding me. But then it was still only last week and, unlike Tom and Jim, he was a man with a wife, a job and, presumably, lots of other things to do other than just trying to persuade me to take my clothes off again. I can't say I hadn't had moments where I resented his not having been in touch, but I had tried to be philosophical about it. I'd also had several pretty big distractions.
All that flashed through my mind and I even had a slight moment where I wondered if I should take the call. Although we'd only really had one proper encounter things had always felt a little more intense and out of my control with Geoff. With Jim or Tom it felt like I was voluntarily giving up control sometimes, with Geoff it was more that he was taking it. I did get the impression he was being fair to me and, in his own way, had my best interests at heart. Or, at least, what he thought my best interests should be.
Although I let it ring a little longer than usual I did tap the green button and a split second later Geoff's cool, assured voice came through.
"Claire, is that you?"
"Hi, Geoff, it is me. I'm just in the car."
"Alone?"
"Yes."
"And are you alright to talk for a moment?"
"I think so."
"Great."
It was a usual style, clam and measured but no small talk.
"I've got another proposition for you."
My stomach fluttered again, this was exactly what I needed. I told myself to keep calm, the last time with Geoff had lead to me getting instantly flustered and agreeing to become a restaurant stripper before I really knew what had happened. I can't say I regretted it, but I wanted to be able mirror the way he was able to approach these situations.
"I see." I forced myself to pause slightly before I carried on. "Has Brad been back in touch?"
"No, no, nothing like that. He was very pleased with your work but I don't think he makes too much of a habit of hiring, ah, people like yourself."
It was a very rare occurrence, Geoff had stumbled over the end of the sentence clearly not quite knowing how to refer to me and perhaps worrying he'd say something wrong. I tried to capitalise.
"Strippers like me?" I said the words coolly but with what I hoped was a hint of amusement. It was fairly easy as I did find his reticence at least a little amusing.
"Well, perhaps not quite what I meant." He sounded genuinely slightly contrite.
"Don't worry, Geoff, I knew what you meant." There was a small silence before he continued.
"Good, where was I? Ah yes, a proposition. Well, it's really just me asking if you'd care to meet a few friends of mine."
"Right." I waited, it seemed clear that it was in fact more than that and I wanted Geoff to spell things out for me.
"Yes, just people I know from the street actually. Fellow neighbours of ours, two other men about my age."
"I see." This time I decided to carry on myself. "You think I need to meet some new friends?"
"Well, no, not quite friends. Let's say they could be fellow admirers of yours. Ones who would be happy to give you a helping hand."
I really wasn't sure where Geoff was going with this at all, but a more worrying thought occurred to me.
"What have you told them about me, Geoff?"
He must have heard the slight alarm in my voice as he answered with uncharacteristic quickness.
"Nothing to worry about, I can assure you."
"I hope so." I could feel myself start to get nervous but I tried to keep calm, at least in my voice.
"Well, firstly as with Brad and the rest, I can assure you of complete discretion on their part. I wouldn't have said a word to anyone if I wasn't completely certain of that. Secondly all I've told them about is our first meeting."
"Our first meeting?" It took a moment for me to remember it in detail. "You mean on the drive, when I was in that bikini?"
"Indeed. It was delightful at the time, but obviously pales next to what has happened since."
"Right." I took a moment to take it in, but it was still clear to me I didn't have a clue what he was asking. "I'm sorry, Geoff, I still don't really get it."
"I told them I'd met a young college student who lived on the street. One who looked incredible and who had been wearing an exceedingly small bikini."
"That's the sort of thing that interests them?"
"I think you realise pretty well it's the sort of thing that interests most men."
I smiled to myself but waited for him to continue.
"I also told them you seemed to get a kick out of the fact that I was obviously checking out your body, and that you'd seemed to be open to an invitation to come by and use my pool. I also said that it seemed pretty obvious you knew why I'd asked, that I wanted to see you in a bikini again, and that you were fine with it."
"Did I really say I'd come use your pool?"
"That's how I remember it."
"You're probably right. It sounds like me." I hesitated briefly before getting back to the main topic. "I'm still somewhat lost."
"Well, how about this? Please don't get offended by this question, but have you heard of the term Sugar Daddy?"
Another jolt of alarm shot through me. "Yes." I must have sounded pretty cold.
"Now, rest assured that's not quite what I'm suggesting. Well, not in the usual sense. But I suggested to them that an arrangement between some men with money and a beautiful college student who was possibly a fan of a bit of showing off was likely not the most complicated thing in the world to sort out."
"So, you guys would pay me to." My sentence faded away but then another flash of anger inspired me. "Well, what exactly do you think you could pay me to do?"
"Ah, I can hear I have offended you. I assure you it was never my intention and the only thing we would be proposing would be that you tried on some clothes for us."
"Try on some clothes?"
"Yes."
"And they'd pay for that?"
"I wouldn't say pay, nothing as tacky as that. We'd give you some gifts."
My anger was gone. I was well and truly intrigued. Geoff obviously interpreted my silence correctly.
"You see, Claire, I really don't think you quite realise just how remarkable you are."
Whatever else Geoff was, he was definitely someone who knew how to press my buttons.
"So, you want me to meet them?"
"Yes, absolutely. And no pressure, if the idea doesn't appeal to you then that will be the end of it."
"When?"
"Well, what are you doing now?"
"I'm driving home. Wait, are you saying they're round at your house right now?"
"They're having a drink in the lounge."
I couldn't help but laugh. "What if I said no? Or if I was out somewhere?"
"I was fairly sure you'd agree to meet, but it didn't have to be today."
"But if I could come now?"
"It would be for the best."
"OK. I'll be there in about fifteen minutes."
"Excellent. I'm looking forward to it."
I really didn't know what to think about Geoff's proposal. On the one hand it seemed almost mysterious and too good to be true, but on the other it struck me as dangerous waters indeed. It was never quite stated but it did seem like these neighbours of mine, all around the same age as Geoff, would know exactly who I really was. I'd be Claire the girl who lived a few doors down and who was probably about the same age as their daughters, not some character like Yvette who appeared in their lives for a night and then was never seen again. Still, between my mood and the way Geoff had made his proposition there was no doubt I'd be turning up, and a little while later I was approaching our houses. I decided to park at mine and then walk round.
I had dressed pretty well for my mall trip in some newer clothes. I had gone with smart but tight white jeans and a somewhat loose but thin and long white sweater that reached below the large brown belt I had fixing it tightly around my waist. I wore a white bra that made my boobs sit very nicely but was probably not showing through or letting them wobble around that much. I think I looked good but not particularly show offish, though, as I was beginning to realise, my body was pretty show offish no matter what as long as I didn't go out of my way to hide it.
As I made my way out of the car I noticed the bag of clothes I'd got from the mall. I'd been intending to go straight round to Geoff's so a small moment of impatience hit as I realised I'd need to drop them off first and make sure they were hidden in case my parents got back before me, but then it quickly occurred that I could just take them with me. The idea of maybe wearing them at Geoff's was of course there at the back of my mind but there was no plan, I just knew I was much happier setting off right away.
A minute or so later I was knocking at his door, I felt the familiar tug of nervousness at my stomach but that was a feeling I relished these days and for the most part I felt confident. If his friends thought I was just a normal girl next door then they would need to do at least a bit of work to get me to be anything else. I was looking forward to seeing if they had what it took.
"Claire, come in."
Geoff greeted me coolly and immediately stepped aside to let me enter, which I did.
"Just through in the lounge, you know the way."
I had half wondered if he might do a little more setup with me before introducing his friends but it seemed not. I didn't mind, I felt ready and with another delightful flutter of butterflies in my tummy I stepped through into his front room.
"Hello."
There were two men in there, on sat on each sofa and they both rose slightly as I came in. I nodded to the one who had spoken and the other smiled at me as I hovered near a chair waiting for Geoff to make the introductions. As expected they both looked like the sort of middle aged men I'd been aware of as fathers of friends my whole life. One seemed about Geoff's age and, if I didn't know better, seemed vaguely familiar, the other was a little older, maybe in his mid 50s. The younger man was in casual jeans, button down shirt and sweater like Geoff, whereas the older guy was slightly smarter in dress pants and a collared shirt.
As Geoff made his way in the older guy stepped towards me and offered his hand.
"I'm Luke, pleased to meet you."
"Hi Luke," I smiled at him and lightly shook his hand, I got a whiff of cologne which was strong but fairly pleasant and not overpowering. He hair was very grey streaked and he was older than anyone I'd done things with apart from maybe Chris at the restaurant, but he was making a very good first impression.
"And this is Colin." Geoff nodded to the other man, who was still half risen from his seat seeming to be caught unsure whether to also shake my hand of not.
I decided to keep acting confidently and stepped across to him, he straightened up and I gave him a smiling, "hi Colin," as I shook his hand.
"You might know Colin's son actually, didn't you mention having met him in the driveway the other week?"
I stopped slightly on my way to a chair but managed to keep going and sit before replying.
"Oh, you're Tom's dad?"
"Er, yes, I am. Do you know him?"
Colin also seemed to have not been expecting that. It did explain why I thought him familiar, I'd caught a brief glimpse of him in the car yesterday and, now it had been pointed out, there was a family resemblance.
"We've spoken a few times, he saw me in the back garden once and said hello." That was accurate so far as it went. "He hasn't mentioned me?"
"No, he hasn't."
I was relieved and just shrugged, "maybe I didn't make an impression."
"I find that hard to believe." Luke joined the conversation. "You certainly made an impression on Geoff here."
I turned to him, I didn't really know what to make of having Tom's dad here and it seemed easier to continue the conversation elsewhere for the moment.
"What did he say about me?"
"Let's just say he painted a very attractive picture."
"I was presenting a pretty good side of myself, I think."
"Very true." Geoff confirmed things.
There was silence again. I could feel already that there was a bit of tension in the room and it seemed like no one was much interested in small talk but not quite sure how to raise the topic at hand. I had obviously decided that the guys needed to work at it, but it also seemed as if Geoff wasn't going to take the lead quite yet. As often happened with silences I cracked first.
"I don't make a habit of that sort of thing usually, you know. Wearing that little in public." I figured me in a bikini was the sort of topic of conversation we were all interested in.
"No, of course not." Geoff sounded as if he didn't necessarily agree with me.
I took the bait and carried on explaining myself. "I didn't think anyone would be around and was just going out quickly to," I paused and looked back at Colin. I'd been on my round to visit his son but I decided that wasn't a revelation worth making just yet. "To, er, check the mail."
I noticed Geoff look at me, obviously noting my lie but he quickly went with it.
"And there I was cutting the hedge a few steps from your mailbox. Just my lucky day, I guess." There were few good natured chuckles, then he continued. "You didn't really seem uncomfortable, though."
"Did I not?"
"No."
"Well, if guys like to look that's not my problem is it?" I smiled at each of them in turn. I was beginning to feel pretty good about things.
"Not at all, not at all." Luke seemed delighted with my comment. "You should be proud."
I smiled and I'm sure conveyed agreement but I didn't quite know what to say back. I already was quite proud and since that first time with Ton and Jim it had never occurred to me to be otherwise.
"What would you say if we asked if we could take a look now?"
I looked at Luke more closely, I'm sure conveying some of the surprise I felt that he'd suddenly been so direct.
"Just at your current outfit, of course. You sat down so quickly I hardly had chance to take it in, but it struck me as very elegant. Perhaps you could just stand up and let us do some quick admiration."
I looked at Luke for a moment, then over at Colin and finally Geoff, before replying.
"I suppose that would be fine."
I stood slowly and Luke, who had been sat forwards during the conversation, settled back into the couch to watch me. I made sure the belt was sitting nicely and tugged the bottom of the sweater to make sure it ran neatly across my chest. I wasn't doing more than I might do in public, just taking much more time over it and in that familiar environment of knowing all eyes in the room were focused on my body.
I stepped away from the chair and then held my arms out slightly and turned around for them. I held eye contact with each of them and while Colin seemed the most reticent, even he seemed more confident and at ease than men often were at this point in proceedings. I began to wonder if Geoff had perhaps said more than he'd let on.
"Is that fine?" I couldn't resist directing that one at Tom's dad.
"I, er." He glanced at Geoff before continuing. "Perhaps you could walk across the room and back?"
I shrugged again. "That seems fine."
I walked slowly across to the door I'd entered by then back again, passing in front of each of them as I did so. I made sure to emphasise the sway of my bum as I went. I knew the jeans were pretty tight and now that I concentrated on the sensations I could feel them constrict my movement slightly. The three of them were likely getting an enjoyable show, though also something they could probably see in any public place if they waited long enough.
This time, though, I didn't ask for any more suggestions and sat back down.
"Enjoy the show?"
"Very much so." It seemed like Luke was their appointed spokesman, at least for the moment. "Did Geoff say anything about why he asked you here."
"A little. He said he had a few friends who wanted to make me a proposition. It seemed strange but I figured why not?" It seemed we were reaching the important part of the conversation, but I still felt pretty confident.
"Well, you seemed pretty comfortable just now. Modelling your outfit for us?"
"Yeah. It was a little weird but it was fine." That was pretty much how I felt about it.
"What if we came to an arrangement where you could model some other outfits for us? Ones that we'd bought for you, and that you could keep as gifts?"
I looked around at them all, they had their different styles but it seemed as if they were hanging on my reply which was pretty flattering. I obviously had no intention of saying no.
"I suppose that would be fine. Other outfits like this?" I looked down at what I was wearing.
"Well, I guess some of them would be more, ah, interesting."
I smiled at Luke. "More like the bikini Geoff saw me wearing you mean?"
"Yes."
"Would that, er, be fine?" Colin joined in, he was less assured but it seemed more eagerness than nervousness that was driving him.
"I think it would be fine with me, but what would your wives say about it?" I couldn't help but raise this topic, it was always one that excited me immensely when I was with older guys. "I assume you're all married, aren't you?"
I tried to sound innocent but it was likely a tough act to sell. Luke smiled and sat back, Colin seemed about to speak but Geoff stepped in.
"I'm not sure we'd be telling our wives. But then I'm sure you realised that, Claire."
"I did wonder." I again looked around at all three of them before speaking. "I guess it'll be our little secret."
"Is that, er, an issue?" Tom's dad again asked the question.
"No, not at all." I paused but couldn't resist. "I think I quite like it." I smiled at him and he smiled back for a second before Luke spoke.
"And if we bought you some underwear?"
"Now, Luke, this is beginning to sound a little naughty."
He smiled back. "All just innocent fun, I assure you."
"If you're the ones choosing the gifts I suppose it's up to you what you get me."
"I suppose it is."
"And, of course, there's no obligation here. Any gifts are freely given, if you don't want to wear them you don't have to." Geoff clarified.
"Pleased to hear it."
"Of course, but I'm sure all of us would like to know what sort of things might be, ah, appreciated first to avoid any mistakes." It seemed Luke was, in his own polite way, pressing the question.
"I could always use some new underwear, besides I like surprises." From the looks I got back it seemed I'd been clear enough and that they liked what they heard.
"You'll need to know my size, though won't you?"
"Ah yes, good point." Luke nodded to himself.
"And what about your, er, style?" Tom's dad asked me.
"My style?"
"Yes, you know, what sort of thing you like to wear?"
"Oh, right." The question had thrown me a little, my style was basically whatever men thought looked good on me and that was something I usually let them choose. This was the first time anyone had really asked my opinion.
"Well, I guess." I wondered what to say, as ever my blank mind filled the gap. "I bought a few dresses just now actually, they're in the hall. Perhaps I could."
"Try one on for us? That would be great." Colin looked extremely pleased with himself. I'd meant to say just to show it too them, but now the idea was out there I doubted I'd put a stop to it.
"I'm not sure that's a good idea." Geoff looked at his watch. "Alice will be back in about an hour, I think." He didn't sound worried but it did sound as if he was against the idea. He obviously had first hand experience at how things might go once I started taking my clothes off.
"An hour seems plenty of time to try on one dress, Geoff." Luke sounded pretty firm in his own way and the point he made seemed a solid one.
I looked around, I'd obviously already decided this was fine. "I'll go get changed then, shall I?"
"Follow me." Geoff sounded back to his usual calm self as he into the corridor once again where I grabbed my bag.
"The downstairs bathroom is this way." I smiled and followed him.
"I hope you know what you're doing, Claire. She really will be back in an hour."
"Relax, Geoff. It's just one dress." I purposely mimicked Luke's phrase but made it sound slightly teasing. I very much enjoyed this feeling of having the slight upper hand over him, it was pretty much a first in our dynamic.
There were a few moments of silence as he opened the bathroom door for me.
"I'm glad you're enjoying yourself." His tone suggested he wasn't completely glad about how things were going, but it seemed largely genuine.
I stepped past him to enter the room, but as I did so Geoff gave me a sharp slap across my bum.
"Now hurry up and get changed."
I jumped a little then stopped, but didn't let out a cry. It had been pretty firm but given the time I'd spent with Tom and Jim, both of whom were fans of spanking my bottom, I was pretty used to that sort of treatment.
Geoff's tone had sounded almost playful, or as close as such a taciturn man could get to it, so I turned back to see what might happen next, but he was already striding back to the front room. I watched him go for a moment but it seemed that that was that for now. It was probably just a way he'd unconsciously realised would take back a little control over me, but it was maybe a new side to him that I could also enjoy.
The bathroom was spacious and well appointed, but I didn't take much time to admire my surroundings. I quickly slipped off the sweater and my jeans and then took out the tube dress. I knew this was the one I'd be trying as I at least had some confidence about how I'd look in it. As with the one yesterday it looked comically small when not on my body, but it quickly started to stretch as I pulled it on and up over my bum.
Once it was place I reached up and unclipped my bra. There was no way I could wear one with the dress so the guys were going to get a good look at me almost immediately. The dress had no underwing or support and my boobs just sat naturally, covered only to maybe a few centimetres above my nipples. The stretchy, glittered gold material felt slightly rough on my skin and it hugged every inch of me that it covered quite tightly. It didn't cover that much, though, and I felt just as exposed as I had in the dress yesterday. I found myself briefly wondering whether to take my knickers off given that's how I'd worn it yesterday, it seemed a step too far, though. I quickly summoned the confidence I'd been feeling pretty much throughout the encounter so far and headed back out to greet them.
I crossed to the door pretty quickly and as I opened it I could feel my mind slipping into that blank of thought but hyper-aware state I spent most of my adventures in. This time it was only Luke who half rose from his seat but all three pairs of eyes were on me quite intensely. I felt my nipples stiffen immediately and I didn't have to look down to know how prominent they would now be in this dress.
"What do you think? This isn't, er, what I'd wear everyday, but then I think it's more the sort of thing you were thinking of, isn't it?"
"You look perfect." Luke smiled his approval and then held out an arm, indicating I should step more into the middle of the room. I was happy to oblige.
"Yes, you do look, er, amazing." Colin also sounded happy while Geoff was content to just look. He had the slightly aloof air he'd often had during the poker game.
I found myself tugging at the hemline which sat about an inch below my butt cheeks, I was half genuinely trying to arrange it better and half just giving the men the excuse to look.
"I'm not sure about this one, really. I bought it without trying it on, so this is the first time I'm seeing it as well."
I could see Tom's dad smiling at me encouragingly but he didn't have anything to add, so I carried on saying whatever popped into my head.
"I had to take my bra off, obviously, but I think my breasts are maybe a bit too big for it."
I looked up but he didn't take the bait, still happy to just stare and listen to my airheaded monologue.
"I kept my panties on, though. I think you can probably see them, can you?"
This time he dutifully let his eyes run down my body. I turned again to make sure he could check thoroughly.
"Yes, you can make them out I think."
"It's not a problem, I don't see how you could avoid it in that dress." Luke also joined in the conversation.
The male gaze was working its magic on me and I didn't hesitate.
"Well, I did wonder if I should have taken them off, but it's maybe a bit late for that now."
Geoff obviously knew where I was going and stepped in.
"That's great, Claire, and you do look amazing, but I think we should leave things now until the next time, yes? When everything is in place properly."
"Oh, yes, we should tell you the plan." Tom's dad sounded just as eager as his son could be sometimes.
Luke looked more disappointed, but waved a hand to say that he agreed. I looked expectantly at Geoff.
"You've heard of the neighbourhood party in a few days?"
"Er, yes, I think my parents said something about it last week." It was an unexpected development and I'm sure that showed in my voice.
"Well, we'll all be there and it's at Luke's house, so we thought maybe you'd like to attend and then, at a certain point, join us in a more private part of the premises."
I looked around the room again quite surprised.
"You want me to model for you during a party?"
Geoff shrugged, "why not?"
"Because there will be so many other people about." I said it with a little incredulity in my voice, but I already knew that the idea appealed to me, even if I had no idea how it could work.
"Not where we'll be."
"We'll have the perfect excuse to all be there together, and the perfect alibi." Luke seemed even more pleased with the idea then Geoff. I surmised it was likely his.
"Yes, but won't your wife be there? What if she finds us?"
"All our wives will be there, but I'm sure we can be discreet. I'm not sure about the parties you teenagers go to these days, but at these sorts of gathering then people are quite unlikely to start wandering around the house freely."
"I guess."
The more I thought about it the more I wanted it. The idea of turning up somewhere and interacting with people, some of whom knew what I was about to do for them and some of whom had no idea was incredibly exciting. I also couldn't stop thinking about the idea of talking to Geoff and his wife and dropping hints that she wouldn't pick up on, but Geoff would. Maybe I could even do the same to Colin in front of Tom's mum. It stirred up emotions about exhibitionism that I don't think even I had explored thoroughly.
I realised I'd let the conversation drift. The men had taken my silence for agreement and gone back to staring at me in my dress. I took a moment to find myself slightly again, and then tried to come back more confidently. I had already internally more than accepted the plan but it felt worth exploring a little more.
"If you're all are enjoying the view, can I just ask what we're going to say was happening while we're away from the party? I mean, my parents aren't going, I don't think, so I'm not even sure why I'd be there in the first place?"
Colin spoke up after everyone thought for a moment. "Tom's going. You could say you're there to meet him."
"Oh, is he?" I again tried not to let my immediate reaction show. If anything Tom being there was likely to complicate matters quite a bit. I took the opportunity to sit back down and give myself time to think. I made sure to hold onto the hemline to make sure the dress stayed just about decent. I crossed my legs I'm sure flashing my knickers to them all. I considered it a free preview. That along with the acres of inner thigh I was now showing them.
"We, er, don't know one another that well, really, so I'm not sure if."
"You just need an excuse to use. If you avoided him for a short while I'm sure we'd kick off proceedings fairly quickly, and then it wouldn't matter." Luke was again sure it wasn't a problem.
"I guess." It seemed incredibly risky but I could hardly explain to them why.
Geoff smiled at me with perhaps a knowing edge, but carried on in the same general calming manner as Luke.
"And it's well established that I, Luke and a few others prefer to spend some of our time talking in private at these sorts of thing. I'm not really a party person, a small intimate gathering is much more fun. I'm sure you know what I mean."
There was definitely a knowing edge to that last comment, but I obviously opted not to pick up on it. I nodded, I did have one more general question that had occurred to me earlier.
"About our arrangement, though. I guess I know what you're getting out of it," at which point I couldn't help but glance down my body and notice Luke doing similarly. He smiled at me and I continued. "And I guess I get to keep the clothes, but I don't really need that many new outfits, so."
"A very fair point, Claire, but one I think we've anticipated. You'll find that with all our gifts will be a receipt, and if you were to return to the stores it might comfort you to know they'll have been bought with cash."
"It's much more practical from our side of things if that's the case, as well. For, er, obvious reasons." Luke looked at me with an ever so slightly sheepish air.
"You wife handles the credit card bills, does she?"
He shrugged. "One can never be too careful."
"So, is that all in order?" Geoff was clapping his hands together and seeming to usher Luke and Colin out.
"Yes, I think it is." Luke started to rise. "The delightful Claire just needs to turn up and we'll bring the rest."
I nodded to him as he crossed the room, Colin also smiled a goodbye.
Geoff was opening the door to see them out.
"Claire, are you leaving as well? Can I see you home?" Luke addressed me, I wasn't sure what to say. It seemed to me that Geoff was once again in charge now and in my increasingly exhibitionist state I was happy to go with whatever he decided. I hesitated and he stepped in.
"Of course, but I think she needs to get changed again first."
"Ah, yes. Of course." Luke's tone seemed to be ever so slightly less accepting than the words suggested, but he followed Colin out of the door nonetheless. I waited patiently in the chair as I heard them speak for a few minutes at the door. I couldn't quite tell what they were saying but I didn't mind, I knew they'd be talking about me.
Geoff came back into the room after I heard the front door close. He was as businesslike as ever. "OK, well. Time for you to be going."
"Right." I stood and started to leave but couldn't help but feel slightly disappointed, wearing a dress like that was usually the start of an adventure, not the whole thing. I went to pass Geoff on the way to the door.
"Actually, Claire, could you just stop a moment." I did so stood in front of him, he smiled. "I wonder if I could just."
As he said it he reached out and firmly pulled down the front of my dress. The flimsy material slipped away immediately and he soon had it sat around my belly button, with my boobs completely bared for him to look at. It had been clear to me what he was doing a moment before he did it, but I of course made no effort to stop him.
"Geoff!" I tried to sound annoyed but I'm not sure my act was very convincing. I'm sure we both enjoyed it anyway. I waited several moments then brought an arm up to half heartedly cover my nipples.
His eyes were locked onto my tits. "I've been wanting to do that for the last ten minutes."
I shuffled my arm to cover myself better. "Why didn't you?"
He looked up. "I want Luke and Colin to find out about you in their own way. Besides, if they knew what they could get away with they might not buy you too many presents."
"Makes sense."
"Go on then, get changed." He left a gap for me to pass, it seemed like pulling my boobs out was enough for him. I still wasn't certain it was enough for me.
"I hope you're not thinking of spanking me again when I go?"
I looked down at my bottom as I turned it to him slightly. Despite my words it was patently obvious that I was asking him to do exactly that. He looked at me with his normal seriousness.
"Do you want me to?"
Geoff was denying me my customary role of protesting but then giving in, and I didn't seem to quite have it in me to ask so blatantly. I just stared frozen at him for a few moments, then he sat down on the nearest chair. I wondered if I'd blown my chance at anything more this afternoon.
"Come over here."
It seemed not and I quickly walked to stand in front of him. I let my arms fall to my sides and saw him once again glance down to my breasts. His quickly raised his eyes again and pointed to his lap.
"Lie across here."
My heart was suddenly beating at an incredible pace but I was thinking absolutely nothing. I started to lie across him as fast as I was able. He shuffled forward on the couch and as soon as I was close enough manhandled me so I ended up balanced face down across his lap, with my head facing down to the floor and my bum pointed up towards his face. He held me in place pretty firmly.
"Let's get on with it."
He yanked my dress up so it was soon little more than a belt around my belly button. Then I quickly felt him grab the back of my panties and pull. I put my hands down to steady my body and lifted off him slightly to let him slip them down. They were quickly somewhere around mid thigh. A few moments later there was a sharp crack and then just after I felt the sting of his hand landing on my now bare bottom.
This time I let out a yelp, but Geoff wasn't hanging around to savour the sensation of giving me a spanking. Five or six more slaps came in quick succession on alternating cheeks and I suddenly felt as close to losing control completely as I had in the car with Tom. My bum was instantly on fire.
"Is that what you wanted?"
I couldn't speak but it seemed Geoff was waiting for a response. I tried to get my breathing to slow, and after a few more moments I felt able to maybe say something. It was obviously going to be yes, but almost as soon as I started to speak Geoff struck my bottom with another flurry of stinging blows. I felt myself kick my legs in the air ineffectually and gasp loudly several more times, I sounded pretty much exactly like I was orgasming and I felt not that far away at all.
"I'm sorry, what was that?" Throughout all of this Geoff's normal, serious tone had hardly changed.
"Yes, yes." I was still having trouble breathing but I got the words out. "That's what I wanted."
"Good."
I waited in anticipation, but no more came. After a moment I felt him settle backwards leaving me free to move again.
"Go on, you really had better get dressed this time."
After a few more moments I started to come back to myself. Eventually I managed an "OK."
I got up from his lap, still moving fairly slowly. As I went I tugged my panties back largely into place but left the dress how it was. I looked back at him and he gave me one of his hard to interpret smiles.
"I'm sorry, but she really will be back soon, Claire."
I looked at him for a moment and then turned and made my way to the bathroom. I dressed as quickly as I could, my mind still pretty blank. I wasn't even really thinking about the party and I was aware of a very physical need to masturbate when I got back home.
When I came back out dressed normally Geoff was waiting for me in the hall. He was again all business.
"I'll see you in a few days."
"Yes, OK." I still had no real way to talk about what we'd just done so I was content to ignore it too. I made my way out of the door.
"Oh, and Claire." I looked back. "Remember to send me your sizes on facebook."
"Right"
"And, maybe you could come round here again one afternoon. If you like."
"Oh, yes." I hesitated. "Maybe."
"Well, the offer's there."
I still couldn't quite read him so decided to head back home. I quickly had a shower and gave myself a pretty intense orgasm in just a few minutes, my head filled with visions of what myself and Geoff had just done on the couch together. I could still feel his hand prints on my bum and the hot water had stung in almost as pleasant a way as the spanking itself.
I couldn't help myself and after I was dressed again I checked the drive next door. I was pleased to see that what I'd taken to be Geoff's wife's car was once again siting there, at least he hadn't been lying about that. I still wasn't certain he would have done anything more with me even if she hadn't been about to return. I was even less certain if I had really wanted him to. In any case, I told myself, it was over now and there was something else to concentrate on.
My first order of business was to quickly send Geoff my measurements, and after that I would check that my parents weren't going to the party. It seemed unlikely, my mum especially usually hated those sort of social occasions with only mild acquaintances, but I did wonder if they might have been making an effort in our new neighbourhood. Thankfully a fairly casual question that evening elicited the right response, and I would at least be free of having them walking in on whatever I, Geoff and his friends would be up to.
The next day I found myself wondering about Tom. Whether I needed to prepare him for my presence there, and whether it was even worth making our attendance there together a real thing rather than just an excuse. I half wondered if he'd contact me himself, but I remembered how it had taken quite a while after the maid party, so that he didn't wasn't too surprising.
It seemed like there was nothing to be done except just hope I could avoid him. At least until I'd met up with the men. I had no real idea how far they would expect me to go, but given the semi public nature of the event and the way they had acted that afternoon it seemed that just trying on outfits really was the extent of their plans. I was sure the outfits would be much more revealing then even the dress I'd worn the day before, but compared to getting spanked naked to the brink of an orgasm it was pretty tame stuff, so there was every chance I'd be up for meeting Tom at the party afterwards. That way I could avoid him asking questions beforehand.
Beyond my initial surprise I'd not really thought too much about having now met Tom's father in such circumstances. During our time together who Colin was hadn't seemed to matter overly much, and although the idea of stripping for a father and son excited me it was nowhere near as exciting as the prospect of meeting the partners of the men I'd be giving a private show to. I'd not really been aware of my feeling about other women outside of this context, but to know that their husbands were willing to risk their relationships just to see me undressed was an idea I could return to again and again and still get incredibly turned on by.
Thinking of that made me wonder what I should wear. It needed to be fairly casual as I doubted that the attendees were likely to have dressed up that much, but at the same time I wanted people to notice my body at least a little. I made another trip to the mall and settled on a long, yellow and black print dress that flowed all the way down to my ankles and covered my cleavage completely. It did also hug my waist quite tightly and had a split to just above the knee on the inside of one thigh. It was floaty enough such that the split would only reveal anything if I wanted it to, but it was fun to have the option. It seemed casual but also said I'd made at least a bit of an effort. It had pretty serious built in chest support which would keep my boobs firmly battened down, which was unusual for a light summery dress like this but which seemed a very good thing. I was still planning to stick mostly to the background until I was called upon and I needed to be able to blend in if necessary.
After that I just needed to prepare my excuse. It was again fairly easy as I did tell my parents I was going to a party, just not the one that I was actually planning to attend. Someone from school was throwing one and it was even possible I could go there afterwards if I thought I needed to. My mum was a little surprised as it wasn't often I chose to go to a random school party, but it was hardly unprecedented and she usually encouraged me to go to more of them.
As the day of the party wore on I realised I was as calm as I'd been in the lead up to something. It really did feel like I had this one under control. There were elements that I knew I was leaving up to other people, primarily the logistics of having a private enough place to do my thing, but it seemed like they had far more to lose on that score than me so I was pretty sure they'd organise it properly. I half wondered what they might get me, but it seemed like pretty revealing underwear was the obvious answer and I would be fine with it. That said, if they were overly literal thinkers they might just get me another tiny dress and insist this time I really did take my knickers off. I spent a happy hour or so running through these scenarios in my head.
When the time came I got changed, said goodbye to my parents and headed out to the car. I had a coat on but I could my mum noticing the dress. It was hardly out of the ordinary as far as party clothes went, but it was unusual for me as far as she knew. I reflected that it might be useful to start loosening up around them just a little. I'd checked earlier and I could drive to Luke's house without fear of them noticing anything unusual, and it was far enough away in the estate that there should be no danger of them spotting the car.
As I neared the house it was obvious something was going on there. The street nearby was full of cars and as I watched a couple I didn't know was being shown inside. I'd texted Geoff a few minutes before I set off to warn him of my arrival, and he'd told me to come round to a side entrance. I parked a little way away and waited until the coast was clear, then quickly walked up the drive and around to the door I'd been told about. I could hear the sound of the party but there seemed no danger of me being spotted yet. I was there around the time that I'd said so I knocked quietly. The door opened quickly and Geoff's face greeted me with smile, he stepped aside and I went in.
"Hi, Claire," he half whispered. We were stood in what looked to be a utility room, there were several washing machines and a tumble dryer.
"Hi, Geoff," I smiled back. I looked around. "Some party!" I said as a joke. I was pleased to be still feeling confident, but characteristically Geoff was unmoved.
"You'll be out there soon enough."
"Is everything OK for later?"
He smiled at my eagerness. "Yes, don't worry, all fine. Colin and Luke are both here and we have secured a location. It'll be a short while, though, we need to show our faces first."
"That's fine."
He looked at his watch. "Lets say in about half an hour you make your way back here. I'll come and get you and show you to where we're meeting."
"Right."
"Well then, the party's through there." He nodded towards the other door. "Give me a few moments. Good luck." He said the latter with a slightly ironic edge and was soon on his way out.
I'd not really thought too deeply about this next part, but it seemed like I should be able to survive for half an hour. About the only thing I really needed to do was avoid Tom. I gave Geoff the few moments he'd asked for then opened the door carefully.
It lead to a corridor so I was able to exit unobserved. To my left was a corridor with what seemed to be stairs and, as I went the other way, a door through to what seemed to be a kitchen. There were a few people getting something to drink so I slipped in quietly and took a cup of orange juice.
As I turned I saw that most people were in the large looking front room which the kitchen opened onto via an archway. There was a buffet table and the idea of getting a plate of nibbles was appealing. Still largely unnoticed I made my way over, I saw Geoff and Luke out of the corner of my eye in a group of people talking animatedly, but they didn't seem to look in my direction.
I took a plate and smiled at a man who was just leaving the table. He returned the gesture but carried on his way, I was contemplating what to choose when I heard a voice at my side.
"You made it then?"
I turned it its direction, and as I suspected it was Colin, Tom's dad.
"Yes, I did. How are you?"
"I'm fine." His voice dropped slightly. "All the better for seeing you." He paused slightly then continued in a low voice. "I'm looking forward to later."
I smiled, conscious of how close a few people were but trying to ignore them. They probably weren't paying attention anyway. "I bet you are. Bought me anything nice?"
He was just about to reply, but a woman passing spotted him and said hello in a fairly theatrical way. He returned the greeting and looked to be about to turn all his attention in her direction when she fixed me with a smile and then asked, "and who are you speaking to?"
I smiled back politely, waiting for Colin.
"Oh, this is, er, Claire, isn't it?"
I nodded. I could see the woman glance down at my dress and body briefly, her expression seemed quite neutral but it was clear she was taking it in.
"She's one of my new neighbours, though it's the first time we've met, isn't it?"
It seemed a slightly weird detail to add but I, of course, went with it. "Yes, that's right."
"Pleased to meet you, Claire." There was a pause before she carried on. "What Colin should be saying is that my name is Leslie, I'm your hostess for the evening."
That would make her Luke's wife, of course. She was an elegantly dressed woman with long slightly greying blonde hair, probably somewhere in her late forties. She seemed younger than Luke but not massively so.
"Oh, it's nice to meet you. You've got a lovely home."
"Thanks." She seemed to take the compliment with genuine pleasure.
"And it's nice to see some of the younger residents of the estate taking an interest in these gatherings."
"Yes, I, er, was invited by Colin's son, actually. Tom. He's around somewhere."
Leslie looked in Colin's direction with a quizzical look on her face.
"Well, he's just stepped out, I think, hasn't he?" Colin looked in my direction, hoping for support. "He'll be back later."
"Oh, yes, that's right. He did say something."
"Ah right, well." She looked at both of us unsure for a second then smiled again. "You young people, eh? Always up to something. Well, I hope you enjoy the party, Claire, if you'll excuse me."
I nodded and she was on her way, introducing herself to the next group of people along.
"Sorry, Claire, but Tom isn't getting here until later. He's round at his friend's house at the moment. Jim, if you know him?"
"Oh, right, I did meet him once."
"Right." I could see him looking at me, perhaps wondering how well I knew his son in reality.
"So, have you and Tom hung out much?"
"Oh, no, not really. Like I said he saw me in the garden. From his room, I think, then came round and introduced himself."
"Tom?" He seemed surprised.
"Yes. We spoke a little bit and then we hung out another time. He invited me round to play some game and I figured why not. Jim was there and it was alright but, you know, a little boring."
"That sounds like them."
I felt bad speaking about Tom and Jim like that, but it seemed best to play down our relationship without trying to pretend we'd never met. I was fairly sure that if Tom did turn up he wouldn't be immediately blurting out what we'd really been up to either.
"You look great, by the way." Colin's voice had dropped even further.
"Thanks."
"It's a lovely dress."
"It is." There was a pause, it didn't seem like Colin was about to fill it. "Will you be making me take it off later?"
He looked shocked and glanced around him. His reaction was fuelling my desire to go further.
"It's alright, no one is listening." It seemed to be true, we were just one conversation among many.
He turned back to me, smiling slightly nervously and obviously trying to play it cooler. "I, er, I might."
I smiled, it wasn't the most confident reply ever but it seemed he was learning."Well, you should make your mind up soon." I moved away from him as I replied, it seemed sensible to not spend all my time talking to him given what questions might arise later.
I spent most of the next twenty minutes chatting to an older woman who apparently lived several doors down from me. It was a nice, perfectly normal conversation about the neighbourhood and, after hearing that I was starting soon, how much fun she'd had in her time at college. It was almost a surprise to have an interaction that wasn't centred around my body.
Even then about halfway through I happened to look up and notice Geoff across the room looking in my direction. We made eye contact though there seemed to be no reaction on his part. He had his arms around a slim, blonde woman who seemed to be roughly his age. She was wearing a pretty great dress, light green and figure hugging and I assumed it was his wife. I smiled at him and then looked over to the woman, hoping he'd catch where I looked. There was still no reaction and after a little while he looked away and I went back to my conversation about the local parks.
I was keeping an eye on the time, and a little while before I figured I needed to make a move I casually drifted away from the woman I'd been talking to. I made my way back to the kitchen acting as if I wanted a drink and I noticed that Luke, Colin and Geoff didn't seem to be around. Quite possibly they had already gone wherever it was we were going to meet. I still felt pretty calm and confident, but there was also a feeling of excited anticipation starting to grow. I looked around the party enjoying the sensation of having a risky, naughty secret over all of them. I found myself catching the eye and smiling at Luke's wife who was chatting with a group of women, it felt even more fun.
Then, when I thought there should be do doubt Geoff would be in place I quietly slipped back into the corridor, and, when I was sure no one could see, back into the utility room. I'd judged it well and Geoff was there waiting.
"I thought you weren't coming for a moment."
I smiled at him, hopefully slightly seductively. "I didn't fancy being the one hanging around here. I didn't want someone else coming in and asking what I was up to."
He shrugged. "The door locks." He leaned across me and showed me the catch. "Someone with the key can open it from the other side, but it's only Luke and his wife who have them."
I nodded. "Good to know."
"Ready?"
"Yes. Where are we going?"
He smiled. "This way." He opened the door, appeared to check if the coast was clear, then looked back to get me to follow. I quickly did so and we went in the opposite direction to the kitchen and quickly turned a corner and up a flight of steps. At the top we crossed a landing into a small hall and Geoff tapped lightly on a door, there was a reply from inside and he went in. I followed.
It was immediately obvious we were in what was likely the master bedroom of the house. It was very spacious and there was a well appointed en suite bathroom to one side. Colin was sat in a small sofa by the window, and Luke was smiling a welcome from near the end of the bed.
"Claire, glad you could make it."
I looked around before replying.
"Wow, nice room."
Luke smiled, "thank you. Though most of the work in the house is thanks to my wife."
"I congratulated her on some of it earlier. I'll have to let her know that the bedroom is even better."
"Maybe it's best to not mention that." He seemed unconcerned, as if he knew it was a joke.
I smiled, "oh yes, how silly of me."
"Hi, Colin," I nodded towards him on the couch. "Decided about my dress yet?"
He returned my nodded greeting and gave a small laugh at the comment. Geoff looked at him quizzically.
"We, er, spoke earlier at the party." Colin left it at that and if Geoff found it unsatisfactory he didn't press things.
I was feeling better and better with each passing second as my confidence and anticipation rose. I was feeling more in control of one of my adventures than ever before, I felt two steps ahead of Luke and Colin and was revelling in their tension at wondering how best to move things along. I presumed Geoff would once again stay in the background.
"So, no second thoughts about our arrangement?" Luke took the initiative.
"No." I looked him in the eye. "Have you?"
"Ah, no, of course not." His eyes flickered down to the floor next to the bed. "I have your presents right here."
He bent to pick something up and I walked slowly across towards him. He put a bag from some expensive looking clothes shop on the bed and then reached inside and pulled out what looked to be a long, black evening gown. He held it out towards me.
"Oh, that looks gorgeous."
It did, and I gladly took it and held it up to study. At first glance it had seemed elegant but far more conservative than anything I'd been expecting to wear that evening. Looking closer, however, it was far more daring. It was strapless and the front of the dress also dipped between the breasts so would no doubt offer lots of cleavage. It looked tight around the bum and would then hang loosely over my legs almost to my feet, but there were several splits stretching up to mid thigh and possibly higher. I was still surprised they'd chosen a dress, but it began to make a bit more sense.
"Seriously, this is a gorgeous dress." I looked around the room, all three me were watching me closely. "I'm not sure the bra I've got on will work with it, though."
I expected that we'd soon agree that maybe I didn't need a bra at all, but my comment seemed to spur Colin into action.
"I've, er, taken care of that."
He reached to the side of the couch and handed me another bag. I put down the dress carefully and checked inside, it was immediately clear it was underwear. I looked up at the three men watching me closely.
"How very thoughtful." I smiled, "I suppose you're hoping I might feel obliged to model this for you without the dress." From my tone it was obvious I wasn't offended or even really bothered by the prospect.
"Well, we did wonder." Luke grinned, I could see his hopes rising by the second.
"It's just like a bikini, really." Colin sounded more nervous but was still keen to be involved.
"That's true, but." I hesitated, pulling the lingerie out of the bag. "I'm not sure there's quite enough to make a bikini in here." I held up what I'd found, which was black stockings, a suspender belt and a pair of knickers. They looked small, expensive and attractive but there was still no bra.
"Oh, wait, there should be."
Colin stood and quickly took the bag from the bed, he rooted around in the paper and after a few false starts pulled out something I'd missed.
"Here it is." He handed me a pair of small, black pouches fastened together. "They, er, said it was what you needed with that sort of dress."
As he'd spoken I'd figured out what it was, they were adhesive bra pads that would sit on my boobs and push them up. I'd never worn them before but I knew the principle, they would supposedly stick in place without the need for a fastening around my body.
"Right." I held it up and all four of us stared. "My bikini top was bigger than this wasn't it, Geoff?"
"I suppose it was." There was a slight pause before he added, "not by much, though."
"You would say that. Well, I guess we'll start with the dress and see how it goes."
"Perfectly acceptable." Luke clapped his hands together and looked towards the bathroom. "If you like you can get changed in there." He said it hesitatingly, as if I might choose otherwise.
I tried to give him a knowing smile. "I think I will use the bathroom if that's OK?"
"Of course."
He extended his arm to show the way, I picked up the dress and underwear and went inside. I smiled once again at the three of them as I shut the door, everyone was acting so polite and pleasant but the tension underneath was delicious. I wondered if they were all getting as a big a thrill from it as I was.
Spurred on by that I changed quickly, letting my dress and underwear drop to the floor and be kicked to one side. As I stood naked, fumbling with the stockings I realised that I hadn't locked the bathroom. I immediately knew I wasn't going to bother, it didn't seem likely that anyone would try and get in but the added frisson was just more fuel for my fire.
By now I was fairly skilled in putting on this sort of lingerie, and I was soon fastening the garter belt around my waist. There was a large mirror over the sink so I had been keeping an eye on myself as I went and I knew I looked as sumptuous as ever. I couldn't wait for the men to see me and it came as no surprise to realise I would definitely be taking off the dress for them. Geoff's almost warning to not go too fast was in the back of my mind, but it now seemed close to impossible to follow. I would have to hope that Luke and Colin's hesitancy to push their luck might help me out.
The bra stuck in place around my boobs easily and definitely gave them some lift. It felt largely secure as long as I took care with my movements, but as I pulled the black gown up and felt my boobs bounce slightly it certainly slipped a little. I settled the bra back and then slipped the gown up and zipped it. I contemplated myself in the mirror. As with the dress I'd worn at the restaurant the quality was evident in the fit and the feel. I was very happy with it.
As expected it hugged my stomach and bum tightly, but flowed down from my hips quite freely. Even as I stood still the splits gave views high enough to offer a hint of stocking top. Higher still was some of my most impressive cleavage yet, with the bulge of both breasts clearly visible. They seemed to be almost flowing out of the top of the gown, and the dip in the neckline offered a glimpse of their round sides. It was an elegant, beautiful dress, but it showed my body off in a serious way. It wasn't a dress suitable for most parties and I couldn't help but wonder about the reaction if I wore it downstairs. Smiling to myself I made my way back to the door.
"Wow!"
As I walked out Luke was the only one to offer comment immediately, but I could feel all three sets of eyes on me in an approving way. Being even more the centre of attention I felt that the room was small with all four of us in it, and I hesitated slightly before deciding to stand by the window.
"You look incredible. As I knew you would." Geoff offered a compliment, he was still stood close to the door and Colin was still on the couch, though was now sat forwards and staring at me intently. He smiled in approval of Geoff's comment but didn't add anything himself.
"Well, I feel like we've got our money's worth already." Luke was now sat on the bed and was the nearest, he was beaming a smile up at me.
"You don't have to flatter me that much!" I looked around, the praise from them despite me being fully clothed was almost a bit disappointing, I realised how much of a let down this would be if I really did just model the dress.
"It's not flattery, it's the truth!" Luke wasn't slowing down, and he looked around at the other men for back up. Colin again smiled and nodded his agreement, but Geoff didn't particularly react.
"Thanks."
I tried to think of something to do for them to maybe move things along but there wasn't much room and I didn't have many ideas. The atmosphere was still too hesitant and elegant, and there was no shared understanding as to what I would do. I reflected that if Jim were here I'd likely have been naked minutes ago, and I knew a significant part of me wished it were the case.
"Shall I model it a bit?"
"Of course, of course." Luke again held his hand up as if to suggest I circulate around the room, and given that was also all I could think to do I walked nearer to him, then turned to drift slowly by. I noticed his eyes drop down my body and linger on my legs. I paused and looked down with him. He took the bait.
"The, er, assistant mentioned that you'd need to wear it with stockings. They do look most attractive."
"Oh, do you like them?"
His smile was an obvious yes, and I reached down and widened one of the splits, giving him a clear view of my left leg up to the garter belt. His gaze lingered as I let him look for a few moments before moving my hand away. He looked up to my face with what seemed a look of gratitude and anticipation. I shrugged.
"Well, you paid for those as well, didn't you?"
"Colin did."
"Oh yes." I turned to him. "Well then."
I walked slowly over keeping eye contact for a moment before looking slightly away, knowing that as I did it would give him permission to run his eyes over my body. As I approached I ran my hands slowly across the dress at the top of my thighs parting the splits there and making sure he got several views similar to Luke's, then I turned around and reached behind to do the same again. I tried to make it as casual and discreet as possible but Geoff and Luke were still watching closely. I wasn't sure how much Colin would see, but there was every chance he got a hint of my lower butt cheeks. Certainly he would have had a good chance to study the stockings and garter's he had paid for.
I turned back to him and, like Luke, he had a smile of delighted thanks on his face. "Gorgeous," he half whispered towards me and I realised that I was still getting a thrill despite how much I was wearing. It was exciting to know I could still tease these middle aged, fairly wealthy men in the same way I'd once teased Tom and Jim.
Finally I sashayed over to Geoff who, true to form, still looked fairly serious and made no effort to move any closer to me as I went. I stopped in front of him and tried to stand presenting my body as provocatively as I could.
"Is this maybe a little boring for you, Geoff?"
"No, not at all. You really do look fantastic."
I smiled and turned as if to show him all angles, but I lingered with my bum towards him. It was essentially the same pose I'd done for him a few days back that had lead him to strip and spank me, and I was sure both our minds went there.
"It's not a bikini though, is it?"
Geoff didn't immediately reply and I wondered if he would give my tightly packed bottom a little pat. I wasn't disappointed and I felt his hand run quickly down my lower back and squeeze a cheek. My body was between him and the other men, but I couldn't help but let my expression change slightly as I felt the touch, and it seemed Colin had possibly realised what had happened. I saw him look up from my body and then glance quickly at Geoff. I walked away from Geoff back towards the window.
"Well, this was lovely but maybe you need to get back to the party? Luke, you especially, you are the host!"
I tried to sound a little teasing rather than as if I was seriously suggesting an end to proceedings.
"Oh, I'm sure we could find a little more time. Besides," he glanced over to the couch, "Colin, you haven't, er, really seen what you bought, have you?" Although there was a mild hesitation and the request for me to undress was heavily euphemistic, Luke still made it smoothly enough. I turned to Colin as well.
"I, er, saw the stockings when Claire came over, so, well."
Colin wasn't really able to back up that request, and his face suggested even he was disappointed about that.
"Really, you saw enough?" I sounded very surprised.
"Well, I." He paused and then started again. "I don't think I could ever really see enough." He made eye contact as he said this, suddenly seeming much more confident.
"That's the spirit." Luke joined back in immediately. "Claire, maybe you could give us a clearer view?"
"You mean open the splits a little more, like this?" I reached down again and pulled one open which left my right leg fully visible almost up to where the black, laced panties began. I held the pose and looked up, playing dumb. I think everyone knew it was an act.
"That's gorgeous, but I'm still not sure we can fully appreciate things." He shook his head sadly.
"I suppose the only way would be if I took the dress off." I tried to sound casual.
"That's an idea!" Luke's smile was getting wider and wider, he seemed utterly delighted with the way the conversation was going.
"This is just our first meeting with Claire, and there is a party downstairs. We shouldn't pressure her." Geoff stepped in, it seemed he might try and slow things down himself.
"There's no pressure, Geoff, and it's my party." He looked back at me. "Besides, it was Claire who suggested taking off the dress, wasn't it?" He paused. "Who are we to disappoint a lady?"
I couldn't help but laugh. I turned to Geoff and a look passed between us before I spoke. "If we're really sure we have the time it's fine. Only quick though, and it stays in this room, OK?"
"Of course!" Luke sat back on the bed and Geoff nodded to me, accepting my decision. I got the impression he didn't really mind, he had just been giving me an out if I wanted to take it.
I stepped out into a space roughly in the middle of the three men, as ever I was instinctively thinking about putting on the best show. I still had the excited, confident feeling of delight that had been growing in me all evening, but taking off my dress didn't seem too big of a step. It was just another round of teasing. Earlier I'd been disappointed by what seemed the slowness of things, but as I got more used to this evening's particular atmosphere I was learning to enjoy it for what it was.
When I was where I wanted to be I looked around at the three of them, then raised my hair with both hands slightly.
"Would someone do the honours?"
The men got the hint that I wanted help being unzipped. Luke started to rise but Colin was quicker, he was on his feet and muttered an, "allow me" in seconds and I turned to give him access. I waited and smiled at Luke who settled himself back on the bed with a look of mild disappointment.
"Next time, perhaps." I smiled as if to agree.
I soon felt Colin's hands on the back of my dress, and after a brief fumbling the zip went down. It wasn't a large zip and the dress wasn't too loose afterwards but I always got a jolt of excitement from a man undressing me. I turned back as he sat back down and whispered a thanks in his direction, he seemed happy.
"Well, then." I smiled and started to carefully pull the dress lower. I needed to go slow at first to make sure the adhesive bra stayed in place, but once that was fully exposed I had to pull somewhat firmly to slip it over my hips. I was concentrating on this manoeuvre so although it took a few seconds I didn't look up to get the reaction from the men until the dress was pooled at my feet and I was stood in just stockings, garter belt, panties and a tiny bra. Their expressions were as slack jawed as ever, and I drank in the confidence they gave.
"Is it what you expected?"
"My god," from Luke was all the audible reaction for now, so I stepped out of the dress and kicked it lightly towards the side of the bed to get it out from underfoot. Even doing that I felt my breasts move and the bra slip ever so slightly. I really would need to be careful, but I was too vain to try and shift it back in place while the men were taking their first proper look at me. I didn't want to spoil their view even for a moment.
I turned to face Colin, which meant I presented a view of my bum to both Geoff and Luke. The knickers were in keeping with rest of the clothing, black, elegant and expensive looking. They were laced and while not a thong were not that big either. I hadn't examined them closely but it seemed likely they gave a least a hint of my pubic hair. From behind I was sure they didn't get in the way of a pretty fantastic view.
"Money well spent?" I said it as I took a few steps towards him. He looked up at my face after a few moments.
"Yes, absolutely." His hesitation and perhaps slight deference to the other two men seemed to be much less, but then I was currently giving him all my attention. I stopped slightly in front of him and then gave a slow 360 turn. I glanced briefly at the other two men, but soon turned my attention back to Colin. As ever it was my intention to give all of them a private moment.
"Am I wearing it how you hoped? All the straps done up properly?" I was just saying things to make him look closely at my body, and every time he did I felt another step up in my mood. I was feeling totally in control and I realised I wanted more from him right now.
"Did you feel these stockings in the shop, they really are incredibly smooth?"
"No, I didn't."
I paused looking at him with what I hoped was a teasing glance. After a few moments I saw his right hand twitch and move slightly towards me.
"Go ahead."
His hand moved towards me ever so slowly and when I could I impatiently took hold of wrist and quickly settled it on the top of my stocking.
"It won't bite."
He looked up at me briefly, then gently lowered his hand down to my knee feeling the stocking as he went.
"See?"
"Yes, it's very smooth." He paused. "Lovely."
He started to raise his hand, running it back over my leg. He was now holding me quite firmly but wasn't squeezing and as he reached the top of the stocking he again stopped. I could feel myself slipping into full Claire mode and without a real thought again took his wrist and lifted his hand onto my hip and the garter belt.
"Feel that too, the whole thing is gorgeous against my skin."
He kept his hand in place and looked up at me. We shared a look and I couldn't help but think of how his son had done exactly this to me. He didn't look extremely like Tom but it was clear there was a resemblance, I didn't know quite what that meant to me over and above the excitement of another man ogling my body, but it seemed like something. Perhaps it just explained why I felt so comfortable and confident with him already.
After that look Colin's hand started to slide along my belly tracing the garter belt but not straying below to my panties. By now I was starting to feel the real excitement in my stomach, almost as if I was a bit sick. I realised I should really move away from him and on to Luke but I didn't want to.
"Wait, I hear voices."
Geoff's voice broke the moment, he sounded immediately tense and serious. Colin and I froze in place, his hand still on my body.
"You do?!" Luke was alarmed, he got up and joined Geoff near the door. We waited and this time we all heard them, they weren't very close but were obviously much nearer than the party downstairs.
"It's my wife!"
We listened again, the conversation continued. I couldn't make out any words.
"I'll just try and see what's happening." Geoff immediately went to the door. It appeared that Luke's immediate thought was to stop him but he let him go. Clearly none of us had any idea what to do, Colin took back his hand and I stepped away.
"Should I, er, get dressed?"
Luke looked at me in alarm, his reassured, easy nature seemed to have deserted him.
"I, um."
Before he could say anything else the door opened and Geoff poked his head round. He spoke in a low but firm voice.
"It's your wife, she's bringing someone to see the bedroom and they're already halfway up the stairs gossiping." He paused very briefly, "They'll be here soon so I think Colin and Claire need to hide. Good luck." And with that he shut the door.
I looked with panic at Luke, who returned the gesture. We heard a flood of laughter from outside nearer still and that spurred him into action. He looked around quickly, then opened a wardrobe.
"It'll have to be in here." He grabbed my hand and started to pull me towards it.
"What about the bathroom?" Asked Colin also sounding alarmed, but remembering to talk quietly.
"She'll show that off, it's her pride and joy."
I couldn't think, I was being bundled across the room.
"My clothes!"
"No time," said Luke. As he shoved me inside. It was a big closet but full of clothes, I ended up stood between fur or, more likely, fake fur coats.
"You too!" Luke was speaking to Colin now.
"In there as well?"
"There's no time!"
I saw Colin's face look worried before he stepped in. I turned to the side to give him space and the coat behind me was replaced by a man in his 40s. It felt like seconds before that we'd been sharing a moment by the couch, but Luke had already slid the door shut on us.
"Stay quiet," he whispered from outside, "she'll be gone in five minutes and then I'll get you out." We obviously had no choice but to obey.
We waited in silence for a few seconds, all I could hear was my own breathing. Then I heard a door open and voices came into the bed room. The closet door was thick so it was hard to make out what was being said, but it was clear it was two women and Luke.
"Are you OK?" Colin whispered the question almost into my ear.
"Yes, I think so."
I began to be aware of just how closely we were packed together, my bum was pressed into his crotch and I could feel him along my whole back and had to keep my head slightly bent forwards to not bang into his chin.
I tried to shift forwards a little bit and maybe get us a bit more space but there were things on the floor that I wasn't able to see, and as my foot hit one of them I lost my balance slightly. As I stumbled I felt Colin move awkwardly too and a hand of his that had been lightly touching my thigh grabbed my waist to steady us both.
"Sorry," I said.
"That's OK." We continued to whisper very quietly, but given how close we were it was easy to hear.
"Can you move backwards?"
"I don't think so, there's a box."
"Right."
Colin's hand had stayed where it was, gripping my waist lightly and really just resting there but I was too distracted by something else to give it much thought. As I'd stumbled I'd looked down and I couldn't help but notice I was no longer wearing the adhesive bra. I had no idea exactly when it had fallen off, but it was hardly a surprise that it had. I could feel my hardening nipples rubbing against the coat in front of me, it was far from unpleasant.
"I guess we're stuck."
"Yes."
We waited in silence again, the conversation carried on outside. They were discussing the choice of curtains. I tried moving again very slightly, just trying to find a slightly more comfortable way to stand. I felt my bum move across Colin's crotch and his hand gripped me briefly but then moved off.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to. I, er, thought I might fall." He seemed to be excusing his grabbing me.
I wasn't that convinced by his explanation, I thought it might have something more to do with the pressure that had been building on my bum steadily over the last minute or so, and which I took to be his stiffening cock. It seemed that despite the precariousness of our situation Colin was still finding time to enjoy it a little.
"It's fine, I know we're pressed together." I waited a moment, then carried on. "If you need to you can put your hands on me." I was still acting like the Claire I had just become outside, always doing what I thought they would want me to do.
"OK, thanks." There was brief pause before both of his hands settled on my hips. "It is better if I can steady myself, I think." Another pause. "You know, with the box behind."
"Right. It makes sense."
I let myself settle back a bit more, relaxing slightly and allowing my bum to sink against him a bit more. There was no doubt about what I feeling back there now, and with a quick shuffle of my bum I felt his penis slip snugly between my butt cheeks.
"Is that OK?"
"Yes, I'm fine for the moment."
I wondered what he thought I was asking about, whether he thought he was getting away with something or if he was beginning to wonder how far I would go. Still, stuck in a wardrobe was a fairly risky position. For now I had no plans to do anything more with him. At least I didn't think so.
After a few more moments silence, during which we heard a mundane and muffled conversation about decoration, I felt the need to do more. The idea of the situation was beginning to seem less immediately scary and more like a ridiculous, sexy scene from one of my more outlandish fantasies.
"You know my bra has fallen off?"
"Oh, no, has it?" He seemed uncertain but interested.
"Yeah, all I've got on are those little knickers you bought me. I don't know when it happened, but I've just noticed." I didn't know quite where I was going with this conversation, but it was fun to talk about my nakedness.
"You probably saw ages ago, didn't you? Have you been looking down at my nipples and hoping I wouldn't notice."
"No, honestly. I couldn't see from here."
"Really, you're taller than me aren't you? Can't you see over my shoulder?"
Colin didn't need a second invitation and I felt his head move to look down. I pushed myself backwards a little more and tried to lift my nipples out of the coat in front.
"Maybe a little, but not really."
"Unlucky. I wasn't going to take anything else off for you three tonight, but you almost got a freebie."
"Maybe I still will, hopefully we'll be getting out at some point." There was a little hint of amusement in his voice, he was halfway between making a joke and stating seriously that he'd likely see me topless later.
"What if I put on one of these coats?" It was a measure of how comfortable I felt being naked that this was the first time the idea had occurred to me. I had no intention of doing it, however.
"Spoilsport."
I giggled ever so slightly, partly because I was enjoying myself, partly because I wanted to feed his growing confidence.
"It's OK, I won't for now. Besides, I'm afraid if I move too quickly I might do you an injury." As I said it I squeezed my butt cheeks together as tightly as I could gripping his cock even more firmly between them. It made it quite obvious what I was referring to.
"Ah, I'm, er, sorry." He didn't sound overly contrite.
"I feel like it might snap clean off if I move too suddenly."
"I don't know what to say, it's, er, not my intention but, you know."
"It's fine, I do know how they work. It's not your fault." I shifted around my bum quite a bit more, rubbing up and down against him several times. He gripped me tightly again on both sides. "It is a little uncomfortable, though."
"I'm sorry."
"You said that." An idea occurred. "Let me just see if I can."
As I said it I started to try and turn around in place. At first it didn't seem possible but as Colin lifted his hands off me and I used the back wall of the closet to steady myself I slowly managed it. I had to push my tits against him and he moved his torso back as much as he could to help them slide into place, pressed against his chest and abdomen. As I tried to stand comfortably against him, I could feel his chin rest ever so slightly on my head and his arms settled back onto my body, at first around my hips but they soon slipped lower to the top of my bum.
"I'm not sure this is much better."
"No."
"Though maybe a little."
I felt his hands lower again until they gripped each cheek. I said nothing, but started to lower one of my hands which had ended up pressed against his chest between our bodies. I moved it over his belt and I heard him give a slight intake of breath.
"Well, why should you have all the fun?" I said as I lowered it further and found what had recently been jammed into my bum. I gave it a few squeezes, it felt great. "Is this more comfortable for you?"
I could still hear Colin's breathing but he obviously didn't know what to say. I wondered if he was just deciding to keep his mouth shut and hope for the best. I can't say I didn't think of doing to him what I'd done to his son in the car a few days previously, but there simply wasn't enough room.
He brought one hand up my body to my head and gripped my hair lightly, pulling my head back. I went with it and we looked at one another in the dim light. After a few moments I realised he was going to kiss me, his other hand gripped my bum even more tightly and he leant forwards. I closed my eyes and our lips touched.
Then, suddenly the door to the closet was pulled open. We froze and then stepped apart quickly, suddenly finding enough space to have at least a few centimetres between our bodies. We needn't have bothered, it soon became clear whoever had opened the door was already on their way out of the room. A voice came from a few steps away.
"Right, it's clear. You can come out."
It was Geoff. Colin gave me a glance to say that he would deal with it, and he headed out. I just stepped forward and stayed behind the door. For some reason I didn't want Geoff to see how naked I'd been while squashed together in the closet with Colin.
"They've gone but I need to go down. Get Claire dressed and then come down and we'll figure out what to do."
"OK, great. Is, er, my wife looking for me?"
"No. Why should she be?"
"No reason." There was a pause, then I heard Geoff start to leave.
"I'll make sure no one else comes up, Luke's already gone back down with his wife. Hurry up." The door closed and soon Colin was back at the closet door.
"Did you hear that?"
"Yeah, I, er, guess I should get dressed."
"Right, yeah."
I noticed him look down at my body, it was his first time seeing me properly topless. The situation suddenly didn't feel quite like one of my adventures and I found myself bringing an arm up to cover my nipples. I didn't really feel embarrassed or exposed but it did feel slightly inappropriate.
"Oh, sorry." He looked up at my face.
"It's fine, it's fine. Just go get my dress and stuff from the bathroom, OK?"
"Right."
He stepped away and I walked out into the room. Keeping one arm across my boobs I started unclipping the stockings from the garter belt, ready to put on what I'd arrived in.
After I'd taken them both off I realised that Colin should have returned from the bathroom long ago. I looked across and he was just coming out looking somewhat flustered.
"They're, er, not in there. I've looked everywhere."
"What? They must be!"
"I, er, can't see them." He stepped aside, clearly indicating that I should look myself. I walked across and went into the bathroom. Everything looked exactly as it had when I arrived, no trace of my dress or underwear.
"Oh, god. Luke must have tidied them away somewhere." I looked quickly around the room, the only cupboard seemed to be above the sink but they weren't there. I looked in the bath, I even raised the toilet seat in desperation.
"He must have taken them out."
"In the bedroom somewhere?"
"I suppose so, but we can't go through all the drawers."
I walked back past him into the room. "I have to wear something." I stepped across to the chest of drawers and opened the top one. I was confronted with a stuffed underwear drawer, it seemed unlikely my clothes were inside but to be certain I'd have to empty it. It seemed hopeless but I needed something.
"You can wear the black dress, it's still just here under the bed."
I looked across and Colin was standing back up after having found it.
"I can't wear that, it's way too revealing for this party!"
Colin just stared at me, clearly not knowing what to do. As I stood there also slightly paralysed by the situation I noticed his eyes continually flicking down to my body and then back up again. Ever since we'd discovered my clothes missing I'd been far too flustered to cover up, and indeed hadn't even been thinking about wearing just a pair of tiny knickers and an unclipped lace garter belt. My tits had no doubt been bouncing all over as I rushed about and I could see that my nipples were still hard. I could hardly blame Colin for looking but it did seem a little annoying given the situation we were in.
"I, er, I don't think we have a choice. You can't wear any of Leslie's clothes, and." He didn't finish but was obviously implying that I couldn't go out naked. He was correct.
I was still paralysed, though. There was no way I could go down to the party in that dress, and, moreover, there was no way I could go home in it. At least not for hours until my parents were asleep.
"I can't believe I'm in this situation. Again." I said that out of pure frustration without thinking. Luckily it seemed Colin didn't pick up on it, he was probably still too busy drinking in the sight of my boobs wobbling violently while I said it. There was another long silence, I felt Colin staring at my body but I was too far gone in frustration and anger to think anything of it, and I paced up and down slightly letting him look. Eventually he spoke.
"We, er, should hurry."
He was using a calming voice, as if he was talking to an irrational child. That annoyed me but just before I exploded at him I had the presence of mind to realise how irrational that would be. He was obviously just trying to do his best and get us out of there. I took a few deep breaths.
"OK, fine, I'll put it on."
"Great." he held it out and I snatched it from his hands. I was already pulling it over my legs before I thought of the stockings but it seemed pointless to put those back on. It would take ages and would just draw attention to the splits in the dress anyway.
I quickly got it up over my bum, but when I tried to get it in place over my boobs the real problem presented itself. Without the supporting and flattening power of the bra my tits were just too much for the dress, Colin zipped me up but the weight of my breasts overwhelmed the unstructured cups of the dress. If I stayed still then my nipples were just about covered, but any movement at all and they pretty much immediately peeped out. If I walked normally then after a few steps they would break free entirely.
"What am I going to do?!"
"We'll have to go slowly and you stay behind me and then." He trailed off.
"And then what? Where can we go?!"
"I, er." He looked at my boobs gormlessly as he said this, right now I could tell my right nipple was completely exposed and it hardly seemed worth the effort to pop it back in before we had a plan. "I don't know."
"Christ, Colin, doing this at the party was a stupid idea." It really was, but then I was as guilty as the rest of them for going along with it.
"You'll just have to hide at the back, keep away from people and I'll try and get Geoff or Luke to drive you home."
I ignored the fact that I couldn't go home for the moment. "Why can't you do that?"
"My wife will wonder where I'm going, and she can't find out about this." He sounded sheepish and apologetic but also quite firm on the point. I noted that he was likely prepared to leave me in the lurch rather than risk being discovered with me.
"Well, thanks for the support, Colin."
He looked at the floor and I expected he was no longer enjoying our little adventure. I was beginning to think a little straighter, it seemed clear what he was offering was the best that could be done. If I went slowly and held my dress in place, then I could maybe hang around the utility room again. Possibly even lock myself inside, then, afterwards if I could get out of the house to one of their cars we could maybe figure out a way to get me some clothes or a place to wait.
"Right, so let's get on with it. You need to get Geoff or Luke as soon as you can, OK?"
"Yeah, of course."
I stared at him, hopefully harshly for a few more seconds then spoke. "Go on then!" He turned and walked to the door.
"No one there," he said after checking and we went out. He went ahead slowly and I followed behind, both hands desperately holding up the front of my dress. I could feel my boobs tugging at it with every step.
We inched our way down the stairs, the sounds of the party getting louder and louder and a sick but in no way exciting feeling rising in my stomach. I tried to tell myself that I looked fine really, and that no one would be able to tell how close to exposure I was if I was careful, but I knew it was untrue. Even if I was wearing this dress at it should be it was close to scandalous in this setting.
We got to the bottom of the stairs and then Colin slowly rounded the corner to the rest of the house. He looked back and held out his hand stopping me. He edged back himself.
"There's someone in the utility room, I think getting some wine. I'll walk past quickly, they shouldn't notice, then you can slip by when they're gone."
"What?" I didn't want him to go, but I quickly realised that the sooner he did the sooner someone who was prepared to help me escape might turn up. I fought down my fear and nodded. "Fine."
He looked at me for a second, he seemed on the verge of apologising again but then turned and walked away quickly. I edged to the corner and peered round, the light was on in the utility and the door was ajar but Colin walked past quickly and quietly and turned into the kitchen. It seemed he had joined the party relatively unobtrusively.
I wondered about joining him as hovering here in the corridor seemed risky in itself, but after a few moments I saw Leslie some out of the utility carrying a few bottles of wine. I ducked back behind the wall but it seemed like she had no reason to even glance in this direction. I heard her also head back to the party.
After a few moments and no one else seeming to come out into the corridor I steeled myself and walked around the corner slowly. I used one hand to attempt hold my dress in place, trying to make the gesture seem casual. I think I probably failed on both counts and I stopped for a moment to hoist it up firmly and get both nipples covered again.
As I approached the utility room I started to doubt the plan. If Leslie came back for more wine what on earth could I say? I began to wonder if I could just stand towards the back of the kitchen and keep out of sight. Shouldn't I at least have a look to see how plausible that was? I could probably have a glance without anyone noticing. I carried on down the corridor.
I edged slowly to where I could see into the kitchen. It was still fairly sparsely populated, but it also seemed much smaller than I remembered and much better lit. There was certainly no unobtrusive place to hang out. I stared for a moment longer but it was clear it was the utility room or nowhere. I didn't think anyone had seen me, but I needed to hurry. I turned and started back.
"Claire?"
I froze, I couldn't believe it.
"Claire, it's Tom."
It of course was, I'd recognised his voice instantly. I didn't know what to do, but I know I needed to say hello.
"Tom, hi."
I saw his eyes sweep over my body, his eyebrows raised immediately. It was easy to realise why.
"Oh, wow, I. Nice dress."
"Yeah, look, that's the problem. I just need to get in here, OK?" I gestured behind me. I realised there was no way I had the time to get him to leave me alone, there was nothing for it but to have him follow me inside.
"In there, why?"
"I'll tell you, just I'm going in now."
"Right, but I'll, er, go and get Jim. He's here too and we were looking for you."
At this point I couldn't believe how much was going wrong but it didn't change things really. I still needed to get out of sight and there was no way I could stop him. He was already heading back.
"Fine, whatever." I said with genuine annoyance in my voice. I opened the door and slipped inside, I thought about locking them both out but there was no telling what they'd do then. They might bring the whole party after them.
I stood there, again lost in fear, annoyance and frustration but it was only a few seconds before there was a knock at the door and it opened. Tom and Jim slipped inside looking like they thought they were in a spy film.
"Hello, Claire." Jim grinned at me with his usual casual, silly arrogance.
"Hello."
"Fancy seeing you here."
"Yeah, fancy."
"Why are you hanging out in here?"
"I'm not hanging out, I'm hiding. It's my dress." I gestured down at myself with the hand not holding it up in place.
They looked. "What about it?"
"It's broken, it keeps falling down."
"You wore a broken dress?"
"No, of course not!"
Their two gormless, slightly worried expressions were almost too much to bear. I could feel the frustration building and building, but I knew I had to keep it together and try and come up with a story which didn't involve stripping in a cupboard for one of their fathers.
"Look, OK, I'm in a bit of a panic, but if you'll just keep your mouths shut for a minute I'll tell you, OK?" I still sounded dangerously annoyed, but I was getting things under control. I hoped.
"OK, OK, fine," said Jim, holding his hands up. Of anyone he was by far the most used to dealing with me in this sort of state.
"I figured you might be here, Tom, so I thought I would come along dressed like this and maybe we'd have some fun. You know?"
They both know, obviously.
"What about me?"
"What about you?" He looked angry and I carried on quickly. "Well, I knew you might come as well." I gestured towards him. "Like you have, and that was fine but,"I carried on, steeling my voice more, "why should I be nice to you after what you did to me in the cinema the other day?"
"I helped you out, didn't I? Got Tom to take you home." There was an amused edge to his protestations.
"Yeah, right. We both know you could have just given me your spare outfit, but you didn't."
"I never thought of it!" There was still the slight smirk there but I hadn't the strength to go any further. I shook my head. "Who cares. Anyway, when I got here I couldn't see you two, I went to the toilet and I got my dress caught on the door. I thought I'd torn it so I unzipped it a bit and my bra fell off into the toilet itself."
"What?" Jim sounded totally sceptical. I realise it did sound ridiculous, but I had no better explanation.
"I know it sounds ridiculous, but it wasn't a proper bra. It just sat on the front, it was supposed to stick by itself but it was the first time I'd ever worn one and." I shrugged. "I guess I put it on wrong, and soon as I pulled the dress down it just fell off."
Jim continued to stare at me disbelievingly but he was quiet at least.
"Couldn't you have picked it out?" Tom asked.
"Out of someone else's toilet? No way. I just left it there. Besides, I didn't know then that the dress was unwearable without it. But it is, I just fall out."
"Really? Let's see!"
That was Jim, I gave him a look and ignored him.
"So then, when I came out and realised, I was stuck, I didn't know what to do. I couldn't go into the party but I also couldn't walk home like this."
"You didn't drive?"
"No." I realised my car was outside but I just had to hope they wouldn't notice it.
"So you just hung around in the corridor?"
I paused, my story really did sound ridiculous. Luckily Tom stepped in.
"I saw her out there. My Dad had just come in from there, actually, that's why I looked up. I think he was helping get some wine."
"Oh, was that your Dad? I saw some guy and Leslie out here just now, I was hiding up by the stairs."
All this time Jim was just staring at me, as if trying to figure out what I was saying was true and what wasn't. I had to just ignore his look, if I let him scrutinise the tale at all then I was certain it would just come crashing down.
There was a brief silence, then Jim spoke up. "So, what now? You wanted to find us."
"Well, you can help, can't you?"
"Can we? Drive you home or something?"
"Well, no, I can't go home yet. I can't let my parents see me in this dress."
"Didn't they see you leave in it?"
"No, I sneaked out, but there's no way I can sneak in. Can't we go back to yours, Tom?"
"Maybe, but, I dunno. What time will your parents go to bed? My Mum is probably going to go back soon, she rarely stays long at these things."
"Not for a few hours at least." It was true, despite what had gone on it was still barely nine o'clock. Now I was desperate.
"Jim, can we go to yours?"
He shook his head. "No, everyone's in there. That's why I agreed to come to this lame party."
"What, you asked me to let you come?"
It was Jim's turn to ignore a comment, he carried on. "I reckon we can help you anyway, though."
"Great."
"Yeah, we can just drive around for a few hours. Maybe get a drive through and eat. My car's here, so," he shrugged, "I'd be glad to."
"Thanks, Jim, you're a life saver." I felt slightly calmer for the first time in what felt like years, it was beautiful.
"I do have a condition, though." His grin grew very wide.
"Oh, right, let's hear." But before I could finish there was a knock at the door.
"Claire, are you in there." I froze, it was Colin's voice. I was instantly back at maximum alert. Tom and Jim also froze in alarm, I could see from their faces that they also recognised who it was.
All I could think to do was just wait it out in silence, but then I realised that no one had locked the door. I had left it open for Tom and Jim, and then in the excitement of the conversation I hadn't thought about it. I took one step to try and rectify that but there was another knock and this time the door started to open.
"Claire, are you here." Colin opened the door and then stopped immediately as he saw his son. "Oh, Tom, why." He stopped dead as he saw the rest of us as well.
"Dad, I, er." Everyone was frozen, I realised I had to act.
"Colin, I'm fine, don't worry. Thanks for coming back." I tried to sound perfectly calm, it was my greatest acting role yet.
He looked at me, and then at the other two. "Oh, right, OK." He sounded extremely nervous, but wisely thought better of speaking further.
I looked at Tom. "I'm sorry, I met your Dad in the corridor just before you. I asked him to help, to maybe quietly find someone who could take me home, but when you said you'd seen your Dad coming back to the party I realised who he was and I was embarrassed. So, I, you know, thought it was better to not mention it."
Tom nodded. "OK" He also sounded like he wanted to be anywhere but here.
I went back to addressing Colin. "I thought we'd be gone before you got back. They've agreed to give me a lift, so."
"Oh, right, well. That's fine, I think, only I did find out where your." He hesitated, he was probably going to say where my clothes were but realised he couldn't mention them in front of Tom and Jim. I cursed internally. "I mean, er, found someone to help, but, er."
"My car's here and it's no trouble. Really" Jim spoke up, just about. He sounded very different to how he had with me lately, deferent and nervous.
I thought quickly, it was surely better for me to get my clothes back but I couldn't be completely certain that's what Colin was going to say, or that there was a good plan for how I'd get them. At least in Jim's car I knew I'd get home eventually. There was his condition, but that was hardly something to worry too much about given what we'd done in the past.
"Yes, I'm fine now. I'll be home soon."
All this time I was still in the black dress offering an insane amount of cleavage despite the hand that was in place there. All three men were not so nervous as to not sneak glances at it and my legs as often as possible. I realised that if I could get over the fear of people finding out something that might make my life overly complicated, this was exactly the sort of situation I loved.
"Right, well, if you're sure, I'll head back in. Tom, are you coming or?"
Tom looked at me and Jim. "I'll go back with Claire and Jim, I think, Dad. I'm not loving the party and."
Jim looked as if he wanted to say something, no doubt encouraging Tom to stay here so he'd have me to himself, but he obviously didn't want to speak up with Colin here.
"Right, well, er. Nice to meet you, Claire, and, well, I'll see you later Tom."
"Bye, Dad."
I saw Colin nod to Jim before he left. I immediately crossed and locked the door.
"Well, well, very interesting!" Jim had immediately regained his normal, cocky attitude.
"Shhssshhh!" He'd spoken normally and I was worried Colin might still be able to hear.
He grinned back. "We'll have to invite your Dad next time, eh, Tom?"
Tom looked at me and then back at Jim. He clearly didn't know what to say, I decided we needed to move things forward.
"Oh, come on, don't be childish. Stop embarrassing your friend and tell me what this condition of yours is."
He looked at me for a moment, then smiled. "I mean, I'm pretty sure you can guess what it is."
"Yeah, I think I can." It seemed obvious that he would want me to get naked as we drove around, just like I had been with Tom the other day.
"Deal?"
We all knew that I had no choice, but we also all knew I would probably have agreed to it anyway.
"Yes, fine, I'll take my clothes off while we drive around." I sounded resigned but also relieved, which was exactly how I felt. With the door locked behind us and Jim's car outside I had somehow made it out of this situation. All I needed to do now was strip, but that was becoming very easy for me.
"Great." Jim's grin grew to its widest extent. "OK then, get 'em off."
"What?! Not here, Jim, in the car."
"That's not the deal."
"Come on!" I couldn't believe it, just when it seemed like I'd escape easily it seemed Jim wanted me to walk naked to the car. "No way, no chance, I've had enough of being stuck somewhere I don't want to be naked."
Jim laughed, "if that's true you should probably think about the choices you seem to be making recently." He didn't seem close to budging from his request, and, as we all still knew, I didn't really have much of a choice.
"Jim, I don't know. I mean, if we get seen with her then we might get in trouble as well." It seemed as if Tom might be an ally.
"No one's going to see, it's late. How many people drive up here at night? Almost none. Besides, we can just hide her between us if someone does drive past, they won't be looking very hard anyway. Who's going to expect a naked girl?"
"I guess."
"And, come on, are you telling me you don't want to her bare ass and tits wobbling down the road in front of you."
From his look it seemed that Tom definitely did want to see that. It turned out he was sadly an easily converted ally.
"Oh come on guys, I've said I'll get naked in the car. We can stay out as long as you like."
I was starting to beg, but a part of me already knew I would be doing it. The idea of running up the drive naked with all the people at the party was terrifying, but that was exactly how I'd thought of wearing a bikini just a few weeks ago, and now look at me.
Jim fixed me with his usual grin. "You may as well start taking it off, the quicker you do the quicker we get out of here."
"Tom, please?" He looked at me, I could see he was caught between his desire to be on my good side and his love of getting my clothes off. Ultimately, although I'm sure he might feel bad about it afterwards, there was no doubt which one would win.
"It is Jim's car, Claire, so I guess he gets to decide."
"I can't believe this." I was now not begging but whining, they had definitely heard this one before and knew how it ended. So did I, and I was already reaching up to undo my dress. Both boys watched me closely, Jim with a confident smirk and Tom with a look of apologetic interest.
I quickly slipped it down to my waist and then pushed it off my hips, as I bent to pick it up Jim held out his hand.
"I'll take it."
"Yes, sir." I said sarcastically as I handed it over. As I went to unclip the garter belt I felt both sets of eyes take me in. The utility room wasn't particularly warm and my nipples were rock hard pretty much instantly.
"Why were you wearing that?"
"I thought about stockings, but then once I put the dress on I realised everyone would see them, so it seemed best to not bother." I shrugged. "But it didn't seem important to take it off." I looked up at him as I handed it over. "Is that OK?"
His eyes swept across my body again, now naked except for the tiny pair of black panties. "Fine with me."
I noted that neither of them had complimented me yet. I hooked my fingers in either side of my underwear, I obviously needed to try a bit harder.
"You sure I can't keep these on?"
"Of course not."
I shook my head as if disappointed in them, then smoothly slipped my underwear down my legs and off each foot. I stood up as purposefully as I could manage and handed them to Jim.
At least now I was naked the two of them took the time to stare at me properly. I could see Jim especially fixing his look on my now bared pussy. I had freshly trimmed and neatened my small strip of pubic hair that morning so I knew I looked great, and despite the anger, frustration and mounting dread about what I was about to do, their attention still gave a little spark to my stomach. I waited for a few moments, letting them look and trying to regain more confidence and excitement from it.
Finally, though, I needed to act. The fear was still there, but I decided to face it.
"Now who's holding things up?"
Jim finally looked back up to my face. "OK, fine, let's go."
Tom lead the way and opened the door, Jim gestured for me to follow next and I did so trying not to think too much about what was about to happen. I watched as Tom crept up the drive to the corner of the house, he looked around then turned back and gave the thumbs up. I felt a firm pat on my bottom.
"OK, show time." Jim's hand lingered on my bum.
"At least wait till we get in the car, OK?" As ever my attempts to regain the upper hand didn't quite work.
"Can't wait," he replied and gave me a squeeze. I tried to put him out of my mind for now and started forwards towards Tom, who was still watching from the corner of the house. There were no windows along this side so I quickly joined him and peered past his shoulder. The coast still seemed clear.
"Where's the car?"
"Oh, er. It's back at my house."
"What?" We were both whispering, me only just managing to keep it up given what I'd just learned.
"I, er, figured you'd realised."
I stared at him, I felt so resigned to the situation that this didn't seem to change things much. I knew I should be outraged, but even acting that way was difficult given how badly we needed to be quiet.
"Sorry, Claire." Tom did again look genuinely sorry, but it still didn't really count for much.
"What's the hold up?" Jim whispered as he arrived.
"Nothing!" I managed an angry whisper in his direction.
"She didn't know where your car was."
I didn't look in his direction, but I assumed Jim smirked first before asking, "all clear?"
"It seems to be," muttered Tom. It was still true, the light and noise of the party was evident but the curtains were drawn and the street itself was dark and deserted.
"Well, then, Claire. Off you go." Again I was treated to a grope of my bottom.
"One of you go first!"
"No way, we want to watch you."
I stood still for a moment. I could barely summon up the will to resist, I was cold and I just wanted to get to safety. My heart was still in my mouth but the idea of arguing any longer was completely unappealing.
"Fine!"
Without thinking much beyond my frustration I stepped forward, and before long I was trotting carefully up the drive. After a few paces I heard Tom and Jim set off behind me.
Once I was in motion and out in the open my nudity felt like much more of an issue. My boobs, bum and, so it seemed, almost every part of me bounced and jiggled as I ran. It made me self conscious of my body in a way I hadn't been for a while, and I felt visible from miles away. I put one arm across my tits and tried to control their movement somewhat but it was a pretty futile gesture. The only way to really control the wobbling would have been to walk slowly, but that was absolutely out of the question.
I knew I was giving the two guys behind me a good show as I received whispered shouts of encouragement, mostly from Jim and mostly about my bouncing bottom. I tried to ignore them, a part of me still enjoyed the compliments but it just fed my paranoia that every window we passed would be a discovery. I can't say I was worried about being seen, but I did feel genuine fear about being caught naked by the police. I wasn't quite sure what they'd do, but if they had an solid excuse to arrest a naked girl no one could be too surprised if they took it.
After a minute or so I seemed to be making good progress. I was still going as fast as I could, accounting for being barefoot and having to anticipate any passers by. Normally the walk back to our houses would have been about five minutes, but I was trying to convince myself that we were already about half way. Then, suddenly and inevitably, we heard the sound of car in the distance.
I stopped and turned to Tom and Jim, who also looked a little worried. As promised they jogged up to me and Tom stood in front of while Jim went behind. I obviously wasn't completely covered, but it did seem like a car just passing by wouldn't see much. The car got closer, it's headlights becoming visible just rounding a bend.
"We should walk a little too, make it look less suspicious."
I felt Jim once again touch my bottom, but this time it did seem like a genuine encouragement to walk forwards rather than just a thin excuse to grope me. I set off inching along and staying close to Tom, I tried to keep my head ducked down. The car swept pass quickly and although I didn't look it did seem like we'd gotten away with it.
"Thank god," I said as the noise receded into the background.
"I think I know who that was," replied Tom. His voice sounded pretty neutral.
"Did they see?"
"I think they saw me, they waved, but." He left things there, it was ambiguous but it didn't seem like he was too worried.
"They'd have stopped if they'd seen Claire. I know I would."
"Thanks, Jim. How sweet." I managed to be sarcastic despite my cold and still worried state.
His hands were now gripping my sides and were inching closer to my boobs all the time.
"Can we hurry up again now?" I turned my head and he looked up from close contemplation of my bottom.
"Oh, yeah." He let go, and once again the guys hung back but I was just happy to pick up the pace again.
As we got closer then there started to be street lights. I hadn't thought it possible but I now felt even more exposed. It was somewhat surreal to be walking down such a familiar stretch of road stark naked. I saw my own house coming up and prayed with all my heart that neither of my parents would pick this moment to look out from the curtains. I tried to comfort myself that at this distance they maybe wouldn't recognise me and they surely would never assume that whoever was streaking down the street was their own daughter.
As I passed by as quickly as I dared I spotted what must have been Jim's car, it was parked in front of Tom's house. I looked behind me and asked by pointing if I was right and received a few nods. With my goal in sight I couldn't help but break into a faster jog, abandoning my efforts to keep my breasts under control.
"Claire, look out!"
Tom's half whispered shout took me by surprise, I stopped and looked back, he was pointing across the road but as I started to look in that direction his point turned to a wave. With a sinking heart I noticed a man stood at the end of the drive across the road, obviously in the middle of putting his rubbish in the bins. We locked eyes for a split second, he looked as startled as I felt, and then I sprinted to hide behind the car. As I ducked behind it on the side away from the man I heard him greet Tom.
"Hi there, Tom. Just out for a stroll?"
"Er, hi, Mr Walton. We're, uh."
The man, presumably Mr Walton, laughed. "Don't worry, Tom, I won't tell anyone about this. Though it looks like one of your friends has forgotten something."
There was obvious amusement in his voice, but he didn't seem angry at all. I supposed that overall that was a good thing.
"Oh, yeah, you know." Tom gave a nervous little chuckle. I was obviously hoping he'd shut this conversation down quite quickly, but so far that wasn't happening.
"It's just a dare, but we're finished now." Jim stepped in.
"Oh, right. She had to streak up the street, yeah?" There was a pause. "I remember that sort of thing," he now sounded pretty wistful. "I wish I'd come out a few minutes earlier and seen her going the other way too." He gave another laugh, but it didn't sound much like he was joking.
"Yeah, but she can get in the car now, so." Jim sounded like he was implying the show was over. I was quite grateful. There was another pause, then a shout.
"Thanks for making my night, honey!" It was obviously addressed to me but I didn't particularly feel like responding.
"Well, good night you two. I'm glad you're enjoying your youth, it'll be gone soon enough."
"Good night, Mr Walton, and thanks for, you know, keeping it quiet."
He chuckled again, "no problem. Though, if she has to do another dare you'll let me know first, right?"
"Oh, yeah, OK." Tom sounded not too sincere, but they all laughed along anyway. Mr Walton seemed to mutter something to the two of them quietly and then there was silence. After a few more moments I heard Tom and Jim walking over to my side of the car.
"He's gone."
I still didn't feel like standing up, but crouching down in front of them both was worse. I stood slowly, checking to make sure he was indeed gone.
"For God's sake, you two! I can't believe I just met another neighbour like that!"
Given we were now at the car the relief was starting and the adrenaline rush was pushing me into proper anger again. Tom and Jim just stared at me for a few moments.
"Don't worry Claire, I, er, don't think he was looking at your face much." Jim didn't seem quite as cocky as he had recently, but he was trying. "Besides, he's a fan of yours."
"Oh, very reassuring."
"It's true, he said he hadn't caught much but he thought you had the biggest boobs he'd ever seen!"
"Just open the car, will you?"
"OK, fine." Jim took out his keys and I heard the reassuring beep. I gave them both another look then yanked open the passenger side door and climbed in.
Jim opened the back and put something, presumably my clothes, inside, then got into the drivers seat. He looked across at me and smiled.
"Let's get going, OK?"
"OK." He started the engine, I noticed that Tom was staying outside and appeared to be waiting to watch us leave.
"Is Tom not coming?" I sounded surprised.
"No, it's my turn to drive you around naked, remember?"
I looked at Tom as we set off and he waved, he didn't seem too put out and I assumed it had all been set up between the two of them on the way back to the car while I jiggled about in front of them. I immediately suspected what I'd already imagined would happen, that Jim had heard what I did for Tom and, as ever, thought it was only fair he got the same treatment. As we drove away I can't say I was surprised or even really too bothered by the idea, as always it seemed inevitable. I would wait and see how he broached the subject, though.
We drove in silence for a while. It didn't really mater where we went, we just needed to drive until it was late enough that I would be certain my parents were in bed. I realised I was assuming that Luke and Geoff would handle getting my other outfit back to me, but that didn't seem like too much of a stretch. After a minute or so Jim decided to speak.
"So, anywhere in particular you'd like to go?" As ever he was joking.
Now I was starting to calm down I was starting to feel more comfortable again. Being naked with Jim was pretty much the norm these days, even if he did still take every opportunity to glance across at me. I decided to try and joke back.
"Why don't we go back to the cinema. We had such a great time there recently."
He laughed. "You're right, we did."
"You did, you mean."
"I think you did as well, you didn't have to show off for that group of guys in the car park, did you?"
"Show off? It was your fault I had to walk past them!"
"Walk past, yeah. You practically stopped dead in front of them and begged them to take a good look."
"Yeah, right." I didn't quite remember it like that, but it was true that underneath everything I'd enjoyed the moment. Maybe I had lingered with them slightly. Who knows, and I was sure that later that night I'd relive the moment with Mr Walton and find it far more exciting than it had seemed in the moment.
"How do you even know, anyway?"
"We all saw the CCTV footage the next day."
"There's cameras outside?!"
"Don't worry, the manager just thought it was funny and that it was just a prank. There's no way they can tell who it is, in any case. Well, not unless they somehow got you in a naked identity parade." There was a pause while I'm sure we both thought about how that might work. "Knowing you, you'd probably enjoy that."
"Yeah, right." My heart wasn't in that comment, Jim was quite clearly correct. There was more silence, then Jim spoke again.
"So, what were you really up to tonight?"
I got another jolt of fear. "What do you mean?"
"Come on, you might have fooled Tom but given what you said at the cinema the other day then there's no way I'm buying your story."
"What do you mean, what I said at the cinema?" I was trying to change the subject, but I was also a bit confused by his comment.
"That you do this sort of thing with other men."
My heart was starting to beat faster again, I'd forgotten I'd been so clear with him. At the time I was unbelievably horny and was just trying to provoke him, but now it seemed like a secret I very much wanted to keep. Mixing up Geoff with Tom and Jim seemed a recipe for disaster.
"Oh, yeah, I did say that, didn't I?" I tried to sound as casual as I could. "I was just messing around, Jim. I mean, where am I meeting these other men? At the neighbourhood party, along with their wives?"
I looked across at him, I could see that he was still slightly unsure.
"Maybe it's Tom's Dad?"
I laughed, trying to make it sound ridiculous. It was helped by the fact that what I had done that evening was pretty ridiculous. "Oh yeah, I find him irresistible."
"So, why did you wear that dress without a bra?"
"I told you, I." I stopped part way through the sentence, I could feel myself getting worked up again and I hated the feeling. I looked across at Jim, his mild demeanour of interrogation slightly annoyed me given the circumstances.
"It's a bit rich getting questioned about my motives by you. Especially given what you're going to try on now that you've gotten rid of Tom."
"What do you mean?" it seemed he had the amused edge to voice back.
"Oh, come on, you're going to tell me to give you a blow job, aren't you? That I 'owe' you one."
"I, er, I'm." He paused, looking genuinely astounded. "What?" There was no way Jim was that good an actor, it was immediately clear I'd messed up.
"Oh, well, maybe not. I'm sorry."
There was silence for a moment, then he looked at me with genuine fear and apology in his eyes. "Claire, I know I mess about and take advantage a bit. And I guess things got pretty, er, heavy the other day, but I wouldn't make you." He had sounded completely genuine but his tone fell off towards the end. He waited another moment, then continued.
"Though, you said 'owe' you a blow job. Why would you owe me one?" From his expression now it was pretty clear he thought he had figured something out.
"Look, Jim, I made a mistake, OK? It's been a pretty weird night, and now."
He cut me off. "You gave Tom one, didn't you? On the way back from the cinema."
I hesitated, my instinct was to lie, obviously, and now I thought about it it was entirely in character for Tom to have not told his friend about it. But I was also fairly sure he wouldn't lie to Jim if asked directly.
"I, er, yeah. I did."
Jim concentrated on the road for a few seconds. "Fucking hell." His reaction didn't surprise me. I decided to wait it out. "You would have done it with me in the cupboard if I hadn't messed up your dress, wouldn't you?"
At this point it seemed pointless to lie. "I don't know. Probably."
"And you thought Tom had told me, and I'd feel entitled. Like I did about the spanking."
"Yeah." I paused, there was silence for a moment. "I mean, obviously." I tried to sound ever so slightly teasing with that last comment, hoping to reintroduce a bit more levity into our conversation.
Eventually he looked back at me for the first time in a while, he seemed to be less angry. "I guess I maybe would have thought that."
"Maybe?"
"Well, OK, yeah. Definitely."
There was silence again and there still seemed to be a bit of an atmosphere. I remembered that he'd seemed a little upset at my accusation.
"It's alright, Jim, I didn't think you'd make me or anything, just that you would expect one and then I'd probably." I tailed off, I realised I was going a bit too far here.
"Probably do it?"
His eager tone suggested I had managed to dispel his bad mood. I didn't trust myself to answer but my lack of denial said all it needed to and Jim didn't leave the subject alone. He sounded more and more like his old self as he went.
"You know, it has always been the three of us in the past. Doing the same things." His cockiness was there again, but there were still audible nerves. The effect was almost endearing.
I tried to joke my way out of it. "Well, next time with Tom you're welcome to be there and watch."
He snorted a short laugh. "Come on Claire, if you were going to when you thought I was being annoying, it's hardly fair if you don't now!" He sounded ever so slightly like I did when I was whining.
I stayed silent again, it seemed like he was making a good point. After a short while he looked across at me and we held eye contact for a long moment before he had to look back at the road. He obviously saw what he needed to.
"Yeah, it's definitely unfair. I won't have it. I'm pulling over now." His was part joking, part nervous and part his normal pushy self.
"Jim, come on!"
The truth was, though, that he'd read me perfectly and we both knew it. I was naked, in a state of extreme adrenaline and, as ever, pretty damn horny. All Jim needed to do now was keep it up and I would do exactly what he wanted.
We drove in silence for a minute or so, we had been going through a commercial area on the edge of town and he soon headed into the deserted car park for a hardware store. He looked across at me and grinned as we headed slowly to the side away from most of the lights.
"I can't believe we're doing this." My tone wasn't angry in the slightest, it was an obvious acceptance of what was going to happen.
He reached across and stuffed his right hand under my bum, squeezing lightly. "I can give you another spanking if you like. You know, to get you in the mood." There was still a slight tremulous edge despite the usual Jim act.
"No thank you."
"What if I insist?" He squeezed again as the car pulled to a stop.
"Don't push it, Jim"
Even as I said this, though, the image of being made to lean over the hood of the car flashed through my mind. I saw my naked body presented under the street light for any passers by to see. I felt a tingle in my stomach and I thought about how attractive an image it was.
Jim undid his seat belt and shifted round towards me more. He slowly brought his other hand up to my body and when I offered no resistance let it settle on my right breast before it slowly started to explore where it wanted. For now he stayed on my boobs and stomach and I relaxed and enjoyed the sensation. What had happened with Geoff the other day wasn't far away from my mind, and I thought again of Colin's body pressed against me in the cupboard. Now I had accepted what was happening the fear and frustration were falling away and I was concentrating on being naked for Jim. I was in my element and a part of me was still wondering if he would insist on spanking me first.
"God, Claire, I can't believe this. Can we do it here?"
It seemed Jim was already ready to move on to the main event. It wasn't particularly surprising, but there was a part of me that was disappointed. I looked down to his groin, I could obviously lean over like I had done with Tom but I wasn't quite at the levels of desperate horniness I'd reached there and I remembered how awkward it was.
"It's probably better in the back, more room."
"Oh, yeah, of course." He looked over his shoulder. "We'll need to, er, get out."
By now the idea of a few seconds exposure in a clearly empty and dark car park felt like nothing, so I just nodded. He got out and I quickly followed. As I opened the door and got into the back seat I saw him push the drivers seat as far forward as it would go. He soon slid in beside me and we again made eye contact for a few moments.
As we broke it he smiled nervously and sat back, a hand going to his belt buckle. I took my cue and started to get on my knees in the footwell in front of him. Jim's car was an old but still fairly spacious SUV and, once he'd shuffled about a bit making sure I could fit past him, I found I had plenty of room. My back was touching the seat in front but I wasn't really squashed in at all.
I looked up at Jim, he had stopped fumbling with his trousers after undoing his belt and button. It wasn't clear if that through nervousness or because he wanted me to do it. In any case I realised I was long past the point of no return and I brought my hands up to his knees and then ran them both up towards his groin.
He gasped slightly as I felt his dick, which already seemed close to fully erect. Like he had done to my bum many times that evening I gave it a quick squeeze before I let my hands carry on up to his zip and quickly undid it. He eagerly lifted his bum to help me slip his jeans down to his ankles, then I smiled at him again before looking down to his underwear. They were alarmingly tented and I didn't waste any time in also yanking them down. They came relatively easily and I watched his cock spring out into the open. I hadn't been wrong, it immediately pointed at the roof of the car and the head looked shiny and moist. It was surprisingly large, possibly the biggest I'd seen yet.
"Wow, Jim. That looks gorgeous." I'd spoken without thinking and was just telling the truth, it looked hard and powerful. I was slightly aware that it was just my horniness and desperation to please him controlling my thoughts, but I honestly couldn't wait to get it into my mouth. I was already imagining the taste and the feel on my tongue.
He was obviously pleased with my comments but he also seemed slightly pained with anticipation. I reached a hand across and slowly curled it around his shaft, eventually gripping it. It felt as good as I'd imagined, warm and smooth, and I stroked up and down slowly as I moved my mouth closer.
"Fuck, Claire. Fuck."
It wasn't particularly eloquent but the desire in his voice was a powerful spur. I extended my tongue and licked slowly from just above his balls to the tip. I could already taste was I thought was likely his pre-cum.
"Oh, God."
As with Chris a few weeks earlier it started before I had any idea what has happening. I felt Jim tense in my hand and saw his face contort, but also felt something warm splatter onto my forehead. This time, though, I did realised what was happening quite quickly, I carried on stroking with one hand and put the other other in front and felt a blast hit the palm.
Jim was now moaning in enjoyment and as the first drips of his cum reached my left eye I finished him off, letting whatever fell from my hand settle back onto his cock. I was already conscious that this wasn't a great strategy for cleaning up afterwards, but it seemed like the only option for the moment.
As his orgasm subsided I slowly stopped my movements. My left palm was somewhat covered and there was a few drops on the fingers of my right, but I needed to clear my eye nonetheless. I carefully used a clean finger to clear it out and wipe up a few more drops from my forehead. I can't say I felt clean, but it stopped the immediate issues.
I smiled up at Jim who was coming back to himself and was now looking shocked and apologetic.
"Sorry, Claire, I." I thought he was apologising for his cum being everywhere.
"It's OK, I knew it would happen. Do you have any tissues?"
He seemed surprised by the question at first, but then caught on. "Oh, right. Er, no, I don't think so." It was pretty much what I'd expected.
"Never mind."
I turned my head away from him, trying to conceal what I was about to do though I knew that was fairly futile. I quickly licked clean my two fingers, then sucked up what was still sticking to my palm. It wasn't much and the taste was about what I expected,w arm, salty and slightly bitter. I could feel Jim watching and I supposed he enjoyed it, which then excited me quite a bit. Despite Jim having just had some relief I was still as amped up and deep in the zone as I was before, as I looked back to him I couldn't keep myself from asking.
"Shall I clean you up, as well?"
"Oh, er, yeah."
I looked down, his now softening cock was covered in his cum and there were splatters on both of his thighs. As I bent my head towards it it was impossible to quite describe my feelings. There was a part of me incredulous and slightly disgusted, but I was largely imagining how obedient I was being and how much that idea excited me, as it always did. It was similar to how I felt when I waited in place for a smack of pain to flood across my bottom. The pain was still pain and my mouth still felt sticky, salty and stale, but the other things I got from the experience more than compensated.
I first lapped up the still warm cum from his legs, licking and swallowing several times on each one until there was nothing left but a thin coating of my own saliva. I found myself smiling up at him once again, and then, as I bent back towards his cock, I felt Jim's hand settle on my head as he half guided me down.
I set back to work, first licking at it. I swallowed as I went and the taste and texture was beginning to seem just normal to me. After a few passes I smoothly took his penis completely into my mouth to get the whole shaft clean. I ended up giving him a far more comprehensive blow job than I had ever managed during the event itself. After a few sweeps up and down its length I swirled my tongue into his foreskin and I heard him gasp again, I was pretty much finished but I could also feel his dick growing in my mouth which I enjoyed.
I swallowed down along its whole length once more, then took it in my hand and looked at his balls. Jim was shaved and I could see a few spots there as well, so I licked gently where needed. Eventually I was happy with my work and I looked up, still holding his now pretty much erect cock in my hand.
"Right, all done."
Although I smiled at him Jim still had a fairly glum look on his face.
"I'm sorry, Claire, I can't believe that happened." I realised he was apologising for ejaculating so soon.
"That's OK, it's no problem. It's pretty flattering really."
"I suppose, but." I realised that as well as being slightly ashamed he was probably also annoyed for missing out.
I was sitting back slightly now, but I was still holding his dick. Jim's eyes went down to it and mine followed.
"Do you think you could just, you know?"
It was fairly obvious what he meant. "Give you another blow job?"
"Not another one. It, er, had hardly started." Jim was speaking pretty hesitantly.
"I don't know, Jim." If I was honest I was mostly just surprised he seemed to be ready again so quickly. Though part of me was also wondering if he told Tom would my 'duties' to the both of them ever end.
"Please, Claire, it's just, it's er." He paused, he was now looking even more nervous than when he and Tom had originally turned up on my doorstep. "It's the first time, that, you know."
I did of course realise what he was saying, which shouldn't have been a massive surprise to me. It wasn't as if I had lots of experience either. I knew that there was no way I would deny his request now.
"It's fine, Jim".
I smiled at him I hoped warmly and started to lower my head again. This was probably the most real interaction we'd had, with neither of us putting on that much of an act. I began by licking slowly up his dick and I felt him settle back into the seat, ready to enjoy my work.
As I took his cock into my mouth it was already completely hard. I felt compelled to take as much as I could inside and it pushed against my throat. I realised I was getting a pretty big kick myself out of what I was doing, it was the first time I was able to relax and enjoy the sensations. With Owen it was mostly a surprise and with Tom it was a confused and slightly desperate blur, but now I was in full control. I could feel how Jim reacted to everything I did, and the sensation of seeming to control his whole body via what I did to his cock was slightly intoxicating.
I experimented with various ways of kissing, licking and trying to swallow it, not seeming to think of anything else but what I was doing. It sounded like he enjoyed pretty much all of them, though as time went on I started to concentrate more and more on running my lips up and down over the head as I let one hand stroke the shaft beneath. It seemed to provoke the most noises of pleasure from Jim, and once I'd properly settled into a brisk rhythm I felt his hands again hold my head gently. They seemed to be telling me to stay where I was.
I was so wrapped up in the moment that it was hard to tell how long it lasted, but in perhaps a minute or two I realised he was again close to the edge. His breathing was getting shorter and I could feel him start to tense and pull my hair a little. After what had happened earlier there was no question that I would let him cum in my mouth and a few moments later he let out a fairly loud grunt and I felt a burst of semen hit my throat. It was still somewhat of a bizarre sensation but I kept going and was able to swallow several times to keep my mouth mostly clear. By now the taste of his semen was familiar, thought the texture seemed much more watery this time. As things subsided I found myself sucking the last drops from the tip as if it were a delicacy.
This time Jim was much more relaxed and ready to just be thankful.
"God, Claire, that was amazing."
I wiped a hand across my mouth and then laughed. "Thanks, I'm glad you enjoyed it."
"It was unbelievable."
I looked around at where we were. "Yeah, it is a bit unbelievable."
He smiled. "Well, we had to do something before you were able to go home, didn't we?" He was already regaining some of his normal attitude but it felt like a good natured joke. I shook my head at him and started to get up and sit next to him. He took the opportunity to pull up his jeans.
"So, er, will they be in bed yet?"
I looked at the clock, it was possible but not certain. "They might, but I wouldn't be sure."
"Right, I guess we can drive around a bit if you like."
"Yeah, OK."
I saw him looking up and down my body again, I knew I was flushed and maybe even a little sweaty from what had just happened. I sat back and enjoyed the attention.
"Do you, er, want to put your dress back on?"
It seemed that sucking his cock was a way to make Jim behave a little bit. I thought about it, though not really for that long.
"I don't mind, I can just get changed when we go back if you want?"
A big grin broke out on his face. I was delighted to see that even now he still wasn't taking me completely for granted. "Great."
We headed back to the front of the car. Despite my choosing to stay naked for him it did feel like the adventure was winding down and I was OK with that. I was still pretty high on adrenaline and could feel my body in need of its own release, but I would take care of that myself later. It would give me a chance to go over every thing that happened, and I was very much looking forward to it. Though possibly Jim take a few more liberties with me on the way back, I could never be certain. I smiled and got back into the car.