Right before school started back up and we both had to go back to teaching, Claire and I decided to drive east across the state to one of the last drive-in movie theaters around. We'd talked about going for years, but we had just never gotten around to it. In high school I worked at our local movie theater, and although I never had to work at the drive-in, I could still get in free. Claire and I saw several movies out there in the back of her truck, and a few of them we even watched. Just like our home-town drive-in before it closed, this one plays two movies back to back. The first move tonight is the new Spider-Man film that came out last month. After that is some war movie by an overrated director with a pop singer pretending to be an actor.
We decided to take the new vehicle we bought since we could put the seats down in the back, lift up the tailgate, and watch laying down. After paying, we drive onto the gravel and look around for a place to park in the dying light. Claire chooses a secluded spot in the back row. It isn't packed by any means, but there are quite a few cars there and more are coming in. The place won't fill up though. There's a reason there are that many of them around anymore. Claire leaves to get popcorn from the concession stand in the middle of the area. To save money, we'd brought our own drinks and candy, but like most people Claire has an obsession with movie theater popcorn.
While she's gone I open the tailgate and put the back seats down. I put a blanket down so it will be a little bit softer to lay on. I move the cooler with our drinks and candy in it so that it is handy and accessible. I'm just turning off the dome lights so they aren't on all night when Claire returns. We sit on the bumper for a little while watching the people move around. One car drives several loops trying to find the closest possible spot refusing to give up and acknowledge they can't get as close as they want. The movies don't have an official start time since they just start once it gets dark enough. We snack on the popcorn and talk about how we're not prepared for school to start next week. No matter how much we prepare (or I don't prepare) we never feel ready for a new school year which is probably because we take our jobs seriously. Soon the sky is dark enough and the thin beam of light from the projector shoots out and the screen fills. The sound isn't great as it spreads out into the air, but we can still make it out. The previews that run before the movie are old because they are the same ones that were on it when it came out a month ago. One of the nice things about a drive-in is that you can talk through the whole movie and pretty much no one cares. There are a few cars near us, but no one is directly in front or beside us so no one will notice us talking.
After three commercials, the film finally starts and Claire puts up the popcorn for a while. I realize I forgot to grab the pillows and get up to fetch them from the front of the car. I also grab myself a can of Dr Pepper. Claire asks for her water. Once I return, we lay down in the back and she snuggles up to me. However, it is short lived because it is August in Kansas and even though the sun has set it is still way too hot and humid. Instead, we hold hands and watch the movie. We saw it when it first came out, but it was fun seeing it again. We can hear the sound of children playing underneath the sound of the movie and the insects make their annoying calls into the air. The first film ends and Claire leaves to go to the bathroom and refill the popcorn. It is fairly late now and many of the cars pack up and leave either not wanting children to stay up too late or to not subject them to the next film. I take off my shoes and socks to get more comfortable. I'm taking off my belt when Claire comes back.
"Going to take it all off?" she asks, setting the popcorn bucket down and climbing into the back with me.
"It was digging into me and I got sick of it," I say referring to the belt.
"Maybe if you gained some weight you wouldn't have to put it so tight," she replies and grabs the belt. She whacks me gently with it in the stomach.
"It's not my fault," I protest. "I've been eating three times a day. It's not my fault I have a fast metabolism. If I stop running, I'll get to a healthier weight but be less healthy."
"I was just teasing you. You're getting abs and that sexy V."
"I have no abs," I say.
She responds by putting her hand on my stomach and squeezing. Of course, I do have some abs, I just don't have definition. She just thinks she sees it. She puts her hand under my shirt saying she needs to get a better feel. She tells me she can totally feel my abs, and I just shake my head. She runs her hand up to my chest and plays with my small amounts of chest hair before running her hand back down. As she pulls her hand out of my shirt, she makes sure to brush up against my crotch which is unusually subtle for her. Normally, she'd just grab my junk.
The previews for the next film start and we watch them while eating more popcorn and drinking more soda. It has gotten a little cooler now. I'm still borderline sweating because of the heat, but Claire shivers and scoots closer to me. I shake my head and she either doesn't notice or chooses to ignore me. I'm reminded of when we would go to the drive-in in high school and sit in the bed of her truck. The temperature would drop just enough for dew to start collecting on things, but we wouldn't notice as we tried to see how long we could make out without stopping. The answer was often basically the entire movie. Now, I can't imagine kissing for that long and not getting it on, but back then we didn't have sex yet.
I kiss her soft hair as she lays her head on my chest. She looks up at me and in the light of the beginning of the movie I see her smile. She puckers her lips and I kiss her gently before we go back to watching the movie. The first half an hour moves by and the movie is for the most part thoroughly uninteresting which is an accomplishment for a war movie. Claire starts to wiggle around no longer comfortable laying on my chest. She rolls away and then onto her stomach saying that her back hurts. I tell her she can't even see the movie now, but she doesn't seem to care. It is at this point that I remember she went and saw it by herself when it came out. I could care less about the film now than when I didn't see it before, so I start to rub her back. Her shirt bunches under my hands and I get sick of it, so I slip my hands underneath to rub her warm skin. She groans with the pleasure of it.
I rub her back for a little while longer before moving up to her shoulder blades. Here I am annoyed by her bra straps and wordlessly unclip her bra. She doesn't say anything and I push the straps to the side to better rub her back. At this point in order to reach her shoulders her shirt is pulled up in the back. After I massage her for a few minutes, I stop and kiss up and down her spine. Her groans turn to moans and after I pull away she rolls over to her back and pulls me to her mouth. We kiss gently at first before she pulls me on top of her and kisses my passionately. Our tongues meet and it's like we are in high school again making out in the back of her truck. She runs her hands up and down my back underneath my shirt. I work my hands under her shirt as well and squeeze her large breasts. I find and pinch her nipples and she moans into me as we kiss.
After a few minutes, we roll over and she is on top of me. I again work my hands under shirt and fondle her tits. She runs her hands through my hair and pulls on it. We kiss hungrily and my cock begins to throb harder and harder in my pants. She sits up as best as she can avoiding hitting her head on the roof of the car. She pulls her shirt up and exposes her breasts. She is silohuetted against the movie screen and her curves are accentuated. I pinch and pull her nipples before pulling her back down to me so I can put them in my mouth. I suck on her nipples and gently bite them. She moans softly before breaking away again. This time she pulls her shirt over her head and lets her bra finally drop completely free. Suddenly, I think I hear someone walking nearby so I grab her and pull her close to me and we lay quietly tangled together. I see someone walk past the car a few feet away, but they don't look our way.
As soon as they are gone, we begin to kiss harder. I squeeze Claire's ass as she lays on top of me grinding her pussy against my cock. I return to her tits for just a minute before slipping my hands between her legs and rubbing her pussy through her shorts. She moans into my mouth as we kiss. I work my hand underneath her shorts and panties and find the slick wetness of her pussy. I rub my finger on her clit and she shudders. I rub harder and harder until she stops kissing and simply gasps for air.
"Fuck," she whispers. "I'm going to cum."
I swirl my fingers on her clit faster and faster. Then I switch to rubbing up and down with harder pressure. She falls against me repeating "fuck" over and over again as she cums with my fingers in her pussy. I keep playing with her causing her to twitch and shudder more. I keep rubbing her clit until she squeezes her legs together around my hand trying to get me to stop. I go for just a moment longer before relenting. She slumps against me and then rolls over. She looks over at me with nothing but love in her eyes in the dim light. As she watches, I raise my fingers to my mouth and slowly lick her juices off them. This causes her to shudder in excitement one more time.
"You're turn," she says and reaches for my fly.
She unbuttons my shorts and lowers the fly. She pulls them and my underwear down just enough so that my cock is exposed to the world. She runs her hand up and down it before sitting up. She wraps her hand around my swollen member and slowly strokes with the faintest of pressures. Now it is my turn to moan. She increases the speed and pressure until she is stroking me full on. With her other hand she begins to massage my balls. It feels good, but soon the friction without lube starts to irritate my skin. I put my hand on hers and after a few more strokes she gets the hint to stop.
"Do you have lotion?" I ask.
"Oh," she says. "Sorry. I forgot."
Its been a long time since she's given me just a handjob, so I don't blame her. She starts to reach into the front seat for her purse, before stopping and sliding back down towards me.
"I have a better idea," she says.
She lays down on her back and pulls her shorts and panties down. Then she grabs me and pulls me on top of her. She grabs my dick and guides it toward her pussy. I try and ease it in, but she puts her hands on my ass and thrusts me in all the way. Her hungry pussy is wet and warm. It grips my shaft immediately and she moans again.
"Fuck me, Jake," she says and she doesn't even bother whispering.
I slowly thrust in and out of her. Her pussy grips me and begs me to thrust harder and harder. I can feel her wetness run down my balls because she is so turned on. I start to pound her pussy ignoring the rug burns on my knees. I can feel my orgasm welling up inside me when she pushes me off her.
"I said it was your turn," she says and rolls over on top of me.
She crouches of me and guides my cock into her waiting pussy one more time. She puts one hand on my leg and braces herself with the other against the roof of the car. She gyrates back and forth on my cock before slamming down on it so that my entire length is engulfed in her. She grinds her pussy against me before starting to bounce on my hard cock. Each time she rises up I can see the sheen of her wetness on my cock reflected by the light of the now forgotten movie. As she rides me like this, I think I hear someone else and I try to pull her down to my chest so it is less obvious. She lays on me but keeps bucking her hips and riding me. I see another figure walking past the car and this time they are much closer. They are using the flashlight on their phone to illuminate the ground as they walk. They are almost past when the light turns and flashes across us filling the car. I look directly into the light even as Claire continues to ride me. I can't see the person's face because of the light, but it lingers just a moment as if watching us before it returns to the ground and the figure moves on. I'm about to tell Claire to stop because of what just happened when she increases speed and I slam up against the edge of orgasm.
"I'm going to cum," I tell her between breaths.
"Cum in my pussy," she says and grinds down on my dick.
I help myself over the edge by grinding against her as she rides faster and faster. Soon I feel the telltale feel of the tightening in my balls. Then my hot cum bursts out and I fill her pussy with my jizz. In payback, she keeps riding me even after I've cum until I start to twitch and convulse too. It isn't until I start to push her off that she dismounts me and lays on her back next to me. I expect her to get up and head to the bathroom, but she just lays there with my cum oozing out of her.
"Why didn't you stop?" I ask.
"It was just so hot knowing someone was seeing us."
"Do you think they reported us?"
"Someone would be here by now if they had," Claire says.
I'm not convinced of this, but she isn't in a hurry to leave. I use one of the napkins from the popcorn to clean myself off before pulling my shorts back up. She gets dressed and heads to the bathroom finally. When she returns, she apologizes for making me miss the movie.
"We'll just put it on the list of movies I've watched but never seen," I tell her.