It took longer than we expected for Sarah's interview with 'Aphrodite' magazine to be published. We had been flown down to London first class - clearly Aphrodite recognised Sarah as the VIP she now was. Sarah had spent the day posing in various outfits and positions for a very professional photographer. He kept having to reign her in, telling her to stop fingering herself, much as it made for a great picture; these photos were not allowable on the pages of Aphrodite.
We were not recognised during the trip, although I was pretty sure one or two might have guessed who we were in the airport, whilst we waited for our return flight. But nobody approached us.
We spent the time whilst we waited to prepare our new website. James's (our interviewer, who Sarah happened to fuck) idea was no doubt a very good one. We had plenty of money to get things started, Sarah was still on full pay from the college, but also had nearly a thousand pounds in cash from her lap dancing. So, we'd been living off the cash, meaning money was just accumulating in the bank from our wages.
The site was effectively ready. The name still wasn't set in stone, but Sarah's favourite was simply 'SarahClarkeSex dot com. I couldn't think of anything better, and Sarah seemed to get a kick from the fact it was her full, real name. It was true that there was no point trying to hide it, given how public she now was.
We'd discussed how it should work. Sarah definitely wanted a participation aspect - she wanted to encourage feedback. There would also be a section where 'tributes' could be uploaded, taking us back to that first day when we posted her up for the pleasure of the Exhibitionist-UK users.
We had, as James had mentioned, a huge amount of material on our hands already. I had the task of uploading everything we had, my burgeoning stash transferred onto the site. This was surprisingly labour intensive. Lots of couples might have a few naughty photos and videos but in the short time we'd been together I'd amassed literally terabytes of homemade, hardcore pornography with Sarah as the star.
"If it's going to be our full-time job, then I want it to be the best fucking website it possibly could be," was Sarah's attitude.
I knew, once it was live, it was going to be something better than I could have never dreamed possible in the filthiest of my teenage fantasies.
Sarah had also been in touch with Park Lane lap dancing club. They had understandably been very interested in her coming back in to do some shifts. Initially, and most insultingly I thought, they weren't offering any improvements on their usual rates. Sarah was now very well known across the country, and her name would undoubtedly be worth a huge amount to the club.
After much discussion and negotiations with Sarah and her manager (me!) we'd agreed on a one-off appearance fee for Sarah, and any tips and private dance fees would be solely her own. Security would have to be extremely tight, with double the usual number of bodies - and there was usually a good number of bodies on any usual night.
Her fee was initially to be ten thousand pounds. It's a figure I never would have asked for, until they suggested five thousand. However, they had then tried to include Sarah being the face of Park Lane, as in her picture on the front of the club, on adverts etc.
I refused this point blank, although part of Sarah liked the idea of so much exposure. I managed to persuade her not to hand over this much control of her image so easily.
So, we compromised, and Sarah featured fairly prominently at the entrance to the club, wearing a 'Park Lane' T-Shirt, with various pictures of her distributed throughout the building.
When I came to give her the news of what her appearance fee would be, Sarah was very impressed with my negotiation skills.
"Twenty Grand?! Oh my god! That's more than half a year's wages when I was teaching. In one night!"
"Don't forget the tips. I imagine you can charge a bit more than twenty pounds for a five-minute private dance now. And it's all in your pocket, no cut for the club from that money."
"Aren't you quite the little pimp!" she laughed. "And what slice is my manager demanding for all his hard work?"
"Blobjob would be nice," I said cheekily. Sarah, of course, was happy to agree.
It was now Wednesday. Aphrodite - 'The Sarah Clarke Special' was due to be released the next day, but we were already in possession of our copy, we'd received three through the post that morning.
We'd already fucked once, whilst Sarah leafed through the nearly one hundred pages, (albeit at least twenty-five being adverts,) enjoying the sight of her revealing herself to the world.
We both thought they had done an amazing job with the cover. Sarah was spreadeagled, clearly naked, her key features strategically obscured by the 'Wife of the year' Aphrodite magazine which had caused her to leave her job. She was holding it in front of her crotch, cover clearly visible as she smiled invitingly.
As promised, the interview was not edited or changed in any way. However, it certainly spiced up the reading, having pictures alongside the words of Sarah in various revealing poses.
"I'm holding myself open in pretty much all of the shots," she observed.
"You are," I'd agreed, approvingly, whilst slowly pumping in and out of her nice slippery, warm cunt. "It's lovely seeing you stretching your little hole for everyone to wank over."
"Everyone's going to see it, aren't they?"
"Anyone who wants to," I agreed.
"Anyone who's interested in seeing what I look like naked, they can just buy my magazine, I'm there right on the cover inviting them to look at my cunt."
"Your name is on the cover. And there you are on every page, holding that lovely cunt right open, so they can see inside, see how wet you are... Look at some of those close-ups."
Sarah was pushing back against my thrusts eagerly now.
"How many people that know me, that I've worked with, that I've taught, how many are going to buy this and wank over me?"
"I'm going to hazard a guess at 'pretty much all of them'. Everyone who wants to take a look at you will be doing it. Even those mad enough not to want to, they'll be seeing you looking down from the top shelf every time they go into a shop, inviting them to take a look.
Sarah degenerated into the familiar, excruciatingly exciting, foul mouthed, slutty girl that I love as she started to orgasm at the thought.
Despite her already high profile being raised hugely with the release of this magazine, we spent most of the following day ferrying Sarah around various shops. Initially she said she just wanted to see herself up on the top shelves around town, but this then inevitably degenerated into her purchasing multiple copies. One shop in particular she was keen to visit, and she invited me to come in with her.
"Hi," she announced her presence boldly as she strode inside. The shop was the one at the entrance to the college. When I saw the lad by the till, I realised this was someone she'd already had a little fun with, when she was here just a few weeks back buying the previous pornographic magazine with herself on the cover.
The lad was clearly pleased to see her.
"Oh, hi... Sarah, right?"
"You remembered! How nice," she cooed.
"Well it's not hard," he nodded at the top shelf, where The Sarah Clarke Special took pride of place.
"It's amazing, isn't it? Just a few weeks ago nobody had heard of me. And now look at me!" She reached up and grabbed a copy and started flicking through the pages slowly.
"Have you sold many copies?" The lad nodded.
"Never seen one of these mags sell more than a few a week. Sold more than twenty today, we only ordered thirty, the order for another 50 has just gone in!"
"Twenty! Really, that's good news."
Sarah was turning the open magazine around various angles, examining the pictures intently. "Have you had a look?" not waiting for the inevitable answer, she continued conspiratorially, "and what's your favourite part?"
The lad gulped and glanced down. Underneath the copy of 'The Sun', I could see Sarah's flesh visible on the glossy magazine it concealed.
"I think he's got a copy right there," I nodded, grinning at Sarah.
"Oh, thank you!," she smiled, leaning over and pushing the newspaper to one side.
The magazine was folded backwards, with a full-page picture of my girlfriend wearing classic black stockings and suspenders and nothing else. As was par for the course in these pictures, her vagina was spread as wide as she could stretch it.
"That is a good one. My favourite is the centrefold though, have you seen it?" The lad nodded.
"Let's have another look," Sarah encouraged him, and he flicked to the centre of the magazine letting the magazine fall open at the double-page picture of Sarah, in a similar pose to the previous one, cunt stretched wide.
This time she was totally naked save a pair of stiletto heels. In lurid lettering, surrounded by quotation marks, positioned as if it was coming from her mouth, was the quote from her interview: "I was basically getting fucked all day and night until we left."
"Yes, that one's definitely my favourite," Sarah confirmed. "What do you think?" her eyes dropped noticeably to the lad's crotch. Her eyes flicked over and caught mine, a wicked smirk on her face. I looked towards the door, Lots of passers-by but no customers.
"I think it's fucking amazing," came the reply.
"Here, have a feel of the real thing," Sarah offered, pulling down her stretchy black top and freeing her firm round tits. When her offer wasn't immediately acted upon, she grabbed his right hand and placed it deliberately on her left breast.
"Feel nice?"
He nodded, squeezing tentatively.
"Every time you're wanking over me, you can remember how this feels. And this," she reached over the counter and unzipped the fly of his jeans, delving inside and pulling out a very hard cock. The lad glanced at me, a look of pleading mixed with panic on his face.
"The shop's open, anyone could come in!"
"Oh, I'm sorry," Sarah muttered, eyes fixed on his cock, "do you want me to stop?"
"No! no, it's just..."
"Don't worry. It would be a shame not to finish the job. Look at you, all hard from looking at my pictures all day." Sarah began flicking through the magazine with one hand, whilst giving a slow, firm handjob to the young man behind the counter. She paused on a particularly filthy picture. Taken from behind, she was looking back over her shoulder whilst pulling the cheeks of her bum apart, totally revealing her glistening cunt and arsehole
"As soon as one cock was finished," she read slowly from the quote from her interview, "there was another ready to take its place. Never letting up. One in my mouth, two taking turns on my cunt and my arsehole."
The way she emphasised the filthiest words with such obvious delight made the young man almost wince, and she was clearly squeezing his cock with more vigour as he began thrusting back and forth against her firm grip. His hand squeezed her breast in time, seemingly mimicking her pressure on his cock
"What's your name?" she questioned, still flicking through the magazine with her free hand.
"It's...uuugh!" he was clearly ready to blow, Sarah was once again proving her expertise at coaxing an ejaculation in double-quick time. "It's...Sebastian."
"Sebastian, what a lovely name." Sarah was now reaching across for a black permanent marker. Still wanking him slowly, with her other hand she scribbled across the open centrefold:
'Sebastian,
Enjoy wanking over me!
Sarah X x X'
As he read what she'd written, he began convulsing and shooting thick streams of cum under the counter which flew a good couple of feet before hitting a glossy white cupboard door. Sarah watched this with fascination, still slowly milking the firm cock as the streams became less powerful and turned into drips, pooling on the tiled floor.
"How much is that please?" she asked
The lad looked at her nonplussed.
"The magazine?" Sarah knew fine well how much it was, she'd already purchased six copies today. And the price was clearly visible, superimposed onto her naked ankle on the cover.
"Oh, right. Yes, that's five ninety-nine please." His cock was still impressively erect, with a large stalactite of semen easing its way towards the floor from the tip.
Sarah handed over a ten-pound note that had no doubt been acquired from a punter she'd stripped for at the lap dancing club. Her tits were still bouncing freely, and she reached down and wiped the long drip of cum from Sebastian's penis before rubbing it around her left nipple as he battled with the till before handing her change.
"Thanks!" she said simply, pushing her breasts back inside her tight black top, but leaving a small, snail-trail on one side where her wet nipple had left a mark.
As she turned to leave, she was suddenly face-to-face with another young man she was obviously familiar with.
"Michael Swinburne! Hi, how are you doing?" He adopted a shocked expression as he registered who was addressing him. Following behind, three other lads entered the shop.
Although I knew my presence was absolutely fine with Sarah, I chose to hang back, not appearing to be accompanying my girlfriend at all. Instead, I made as if perusing the magazines, and took another copy of Aphrodite down and flicked through the pages, still within earshot. Sarah glanced over and seemed to get what I was doing immediately. The four boys stood gawping at their former teacher, who was proudly holding the porno mag which they'd clearly come to purchase a copy of.
"Here they all are, hi boys," she said with a hint of delight, eying each of them in turn. "Jack, Stephen, Phillip, I'm really glad to see you all."
"Hi Miss Clarke," said one, followed by another. The other two stayed quiet, but all eyes were on the cover picture of Aphrodite that Sarah was clutching to her midriff.
"Oh, yes, isn't it amazing, I'm famous!" she laughed, brandishing the cover at them. "Have you had a look?"
"We were just going to buy one -- you're... it's sold out nearly everywhere,"
"Is that right? Well that's great news. And you'll be glad to hear that I'm in stock here, look!" she pointed over above my head where she was smiling down from the top shelf, a couple of copies still available. I moved back into the far corner out of sight, as she strode over and took down the remaining copies.
"Oh, dear, there's only three copies left," she said with mock sadness. "Tell you what, one of you can have my copy, so you can have one each -- I wouldn't want anyone missing out!"
Sarah handed each of the lads a pristine copy of Aphrodite. Before handing over the last one, she walked over to Sebastian, who was watching on in a mixture of confusion, amusement and desire. She grabbed the pen she'd use to sign Sebastian's copy and turned back to the group of lads.
"Miss Clarke, we... we were only going to buy one," said Jack, brandishing a ten-pound note which appeared to be the net worth of all four of them.
"Oh, I see, that's a shame. We can't have that, what are you going to do, take turns with it? Or have a group wank over me?" She said it with such an air of matter-of-fact tone that it took a moment to register, but the lads glanced at each other, searching for an answer. Sarah wasn't expecting one.
"Here, consider it a gift from me." She turned back and strode over to Sebastian again, delving into her purse and handing him two further ten-pound notes to cover the three further purchases, before turning back and letting him keep the change.
"There you go, now you can each have me all to yourself," she grinned.
"Thanks, Miss Clarke,"
"Yeah, thanks very much!"
"Oh no, thank you. You know, when I was posing for these pictures," she opened the magazine again, turning side-on to make sure everyone could see. "I was so very, very turned on. Look," she pointed to a particularly graphic, close-up image of her vagina, "you can see how wet I was." She held the magazine in front of each of them in turn, showing them all the image of her soaking, spread pussy.
"The reason I was so turned on," she continued, "was that all I could think about was you guys, all the people at the college, looking at all of these dirty pictures of me."
She paused. Even from my position out of sight at the rear of the shop, you could cut the atmosphere with a knife. Just then an old lady entered the shop. She looked curiously at the little gathering just off to the side of the shop entrance before buying a copy of the evening newspaper and leaving with another puzzled glance.
"So, yeah, Sarah continued. "It's amazing to know you've each got a copy of your own. You can get nice and hard, and wank over me whenever you need to." Three of the four boys were holding their own copy, Sarah was still holding the fourth. She opened to the centrefold again, taking the pen and scribbling a message before handing it to Michael.
Then, in turn, she took each of the lad's copies and signed a personal message each. She later told me what she'd written:
"Michael,
Hope this makes you nice and hard,
Miss Clarke
XxX"
Phillip
Enjoy looking at my wet cunt,
Miss Clarke
X x X"
"Hi Stephen,
Try not to stick the pages together!
Miss Clarke
X x X"
"Jack,
Please wank over me!
Miss Clarke,
X x X"
She'd handed each of them their copies back with what I imagined was the same demeanour she'd used when handing them back their homework assignments. And she hadn't quite finished.
"On Saturday, I'm going to be at Park Lane again -- were you planning on going?"
"All the tickets sold out as soon as they went on sale," Michael said sadly.
"Well then, don't you know that it's not what you know, it's who you know?" she asked. "Don't worry, I'll make sure each of you are on the guest list, I would hate you to miss the show!"
"Really?"
"Oh wow, Miss Clarke, that's amazing!"
"Oh yes -- and what's more, anyone else from my class that you know. As long as they're eighteen, they'll be welcome too -- I'll make sure, just tell them to send me a message on Reddit. And I can promise you it will be worth it!"
She turned and left, leaving a shell-shocked group behind her. I hung around for a few minutes, still not sure why I didn't want to give away my presence and identity, giving me the opportunity to eavesdrop on their reaction to this unexpected encounter with their teacher, my girlfriend.
"Fucking hell," was the first thing I made out, which was repeated around the stunned group.
"Miss Clarke is just a fucking slut!"
"She bought us a copy of her porn. And fucking signed it!"
"She wants us to wank over her. What a fucking whore!"
"But what a fucking stunning whore -- she's so hot!"
"Isn't she, she's so sexy, so pretty."
"And so dirty with it. I think she's probably the perfect woman."
I agreed with them wholeheartedly, and as soon as I got back to the car and retold what I'd heard to Sarah, who was already extremely turned on by all of the recent events, she couldn't help but finger herself all of the way home, revelling in the lust she'd inspired in her former students.
It was Saturday night. 'Aphrodite - The Sarah Clarke Special' had been on sale for three full days. By halfway through Friday issues were impossible to find. I was backstage at Park Lane with Sarah and, for the first time I could remember, she was showing signs of nerves. Girls in various stages of undress milled around outside the open door, most giving a sideways glance as they passed - despite Sarah being just another dancer a few weeks earlier, she was now being afforded superstar status.
The other girls at the club might have been expected to show some resentment at the attention Sarah was being granted. However, the sheer numbers of punters she'd attracted meant all of them were due a bumper payday, so she was proving quite popular. All of them also knew she was working there, just like them, only a couple of weeks ago, which afforded her some respect.
The club had reached its capacity some time earlier. On any ordinary Saturday night, it was unlikely to be totally full at all, but certainly never before the pubs closed at 11pm. It was eight forty-five and the ticket-only audience had been inside for over an hour. On our arrival, Sarah had spotted more than one familiar face in the queue outside, pointing out her former students with delight.
"Alan, Richard and David," she reeled them off with relish. All in my second-year class.
Sarah had received several messages on reddit after her meeting with her students in the newsagent, and there were a total of fourteen names she'd added to the guest list. Intriguingly, two, Holly and Juliet, were female, which had certainly surprised both of us.
It was the first time I could ever remember seeing her showing any nerves. I knew how to settle them.
"So, you're about to go out on stage and spread your legs in a minute, right?"
"I am." She grinned.
"I reckon that would have got you wet enough, with just a bunch of strangers as an audience. But you've got a classful of your ex-students out there now too. What are you going to do if your students pay for a private dance?"
"Oh, do you think they will?"
"If I were them, I would be doing anything I could to make sure I could."
"Oh, Christ. I'm about to go on stage to open my legs for a load of strangers, and people I was teaching just a few weeks ago."
"Pretty much every one of them will have bought the magazine. They've all been wanking over you. And if they got the mag, they will have been on your reddit."
"Will they?"
"Oh yes. So, they've all been looking at you fucking. They'll have read the interview and know everything you've been getting up to."
"Call me a whore!" a knock had come on the open door and a doorman was peering in.
"Time to go and show everyone what a fucking little slut you are," I whispered lovingly, squeezing her pert bum and giving her a long lingering kiss. She headed onto the stage.
It wasn't hard to slip into the back of the club unnoticed. Every eye was on stage, where dry ice and whirling lights were setting the scene.
"And now," came the exaggerated enthusiasm of the announcer. "The one you've been waiting for. The most famous local girl gone bad, star of Aphrodite Magazine, the no.1 trend on twitter in the past week. Once a regular dancer at your very own Park Lane club. The stunning, unbelievably sexy and, by her own admission, unbelievably dirty, in her first of three appearances tonight, Saarraahh Claaaarrrke!!!"
A tremendous roar erupted. Sarah strode confidently onto the stage, a smile across her lips. The familiar opening bars of 'Vogue' by Madonna began, and Sarah stood, hands on hips, all eyes on her.
"Strike a pose!"
Her costume for the first set was, fittingly, the sexy teacher outfit which she'd sported in the past. Grey pencil skirt, Sheer white blouse, black bra. Scanning the room, I saw the group of four young lads from the newsagent, with another couple of pockets close by. Holly and Juliet were standing slightly separate from the boys, and I was fascinated by their mere presence. They seemed very excited to be there and were probably among only a maximum of ten females in the audience.
Holly was very much a blonde bombshell type, obviously very shapely, with a lovely slim waist giving her the classic hourglass look. Her friend Juliet could have passed for a younger version of Sarah, tall and elegant, with long black hair. Both were dressed conservatively, with long, tight skirts and jackets, looking very much like young women trying to look older.
The lads jabbered at each other excitedly, their eyes glued to the stage. Sarah had worn exactly this outfit for college more than once. And now here she was, unbuttoning the blouse provocatively as her former students watched on.
Sarah was made for this. As she revealed more, the crowd became louder. The louder they got, the more she revealed. Quite early in the set she was totally naked save her stockings, so she spent the rest of the time on stage ensuring every eye in the room was able to inspect her vagina, presenting it as if going around the clock, from 9am to 3pm, as the stage allowed. I was intrigued to watch Holly and Juliet craning their necks for a better view and pleased to note not an ounce of distaste as they looked at each other in wide-eyed disbelief at what they were seeing.
I knew Sarah would love to have been fingering herself on stage, but this was not permitted, so, as in her Aphrodite appearances, she settled for holding her lips open as every eye in the room delved in between her legs.
Backstage, any sign of nerves was long gone.
"That was incredible," I gasped as I joined her. "Everyone in the room, I can guarantee, all of them are rock hard for you right now. Well, except the girls,"
"You think so? Where were you?"
"I watched from the back. I saw the lads, your students, couldn't take their eyes off you. And those girls as well, they were loving it"
"Really? Oh Christ, that's all I was thinking about, holding my cunt open for everyone like that."
Sarah was due on stage on the hour, nine, ten and eleven. Her time in between was hers. She could have been out doing private dances already, but she'd suggested, to the other girls' pleasure, that she let them have the limelight until after her last appearance on stage.
"Aren't you going to do any private dances at all? I asked.
"You sound disappointed?" she teased.
"Surprised," I responded. "I thought you'd want to give everyone as big an eyeful as you could, whilst you've got this chance. And with all the students being here..."
"Never fear, my love. I'll be taking strangers in for a private showing soon enough. And hopefully not-so-strangers too. And I'm not worried about the rules tonight, it's not like they are going to sack me, is it?"
Ten o' clock rolled around, and her second dance followed a similar format to the first. Again, all received extended views of Sarah's vagina after she discarded her elegant evening gown to reveal a classic white lingerie set, contrasting beautifully against her jet black, waist length hair.
I deliberately paced around, noting where all of the students and colleagues were watching on from, and watching their reactions so I could report back - this was a big turn-on for Sarah.
It was clear that all of the students had made sure to be much closer to the stage in order to get a better view for the second dance. They were generally only separated from the stage by two or three bodies.
I spent the next break in between dances licking Sarah's clit dutifully and delighting her with the excited chat and eager observation of her audience. Cunnilingus wasn't something she asked for that often, so it was nice to spend so long down there, exploring with tongue and fingers. She never appeared close to orgasm but was gently whispering obscenities for most of the half hour. By the time she was due to get ready for her last set, she was soaking wet.
It had been agreed that Sarah should say some words on her final appearance on stage. Sarah was a great talker, as I and her students knew well. The plan was for her to announce the opening of her new website, which I'd been working hard on and was ready to launch the next day. But I knew she'd have plenty of other things to say.
"For her final appearance of the evening, one more time, let's hear it for.. Saraahhh Claaarkke!!"
The roar was as loud as it was the first time around. But the room was silenced when Sarah stood up to the microphone which had been left on Stage. She was dressed in a PVC corset, her chest bouncing majestically as she took a breath. Beneath a bare midriff she sported a matching tight, black PVC skirt which hugged her hips and accentuated her amazing figure, and beneath which I knew she was naked. She looked incredible.
"Hi everyone!" she began. Applause. Whistles and catcalls.
"Before my last dance, I'd just like to say a few things". The murmurs rose and fell as she smiled her photogenic smile.
"Firstly, thanks to Park Lane for having me tonight. I've had an amazing time, and we're not finished yet!" Another roar.
"I know a lot of you will have read a lot about me over the past few weeks. I just wanted you to know, it's all true!" another roar.
"I'm sure you've all seen the photographic evidence anyway so it's not like I could deny it. But I wouldn't want to." Applause again.
"I know the girls here are stunning and amazing company. So please don't be shy in showing them your appreciation, and I know they'll be delighted to give you a dance. Can we get a huge cheer for them please!" a good roar again followed.
"I'd also like to thank all of my guests for coming along tonight, it's really nice to see all the familiar faces. I can't begin to tell you how utterly, completely horny it is having all of your eyes on me. It definitely wouldn't be the same without you, so thanks again!"
I realised that now the entire front-row surrounding the stage was made up of Sarah's former students, and she clearly did as well; they were now close enough so Sarah could make them out without the stage lights causing them to be invisible. And at their mention, all of them burst into applause. Again, I was fascinated to see the two girls' reactions, this time giving their former teacher turned slut a rapturous ovation.
"If you've read my interview in Aphrodite," another cheer. "You'll know I have a lot more footage of what I've been up to over the past year. I just wanted to let you know how you can see all of it."
She cleared her throat and took a breath.
"Over the past few weeks, we've been putting together my new website. We'll be launching tomorrow. You'll be able to get the link on my reddit, which I'm sure you all know already. It's very reasonably priced, and you'll finally be able to see everything I like to do in my spare time. I mean everything."
You could hear a pin drop now. Sarah took the microphone from the stand and crouched so her eyes were in line with her audience.
"There will also be lots of new content. Please take a look. And for the first one hundred memberships using the code 'ParkLane', you'll get your first month free!"
"To be clear as to the content you'll have access to, you'll see hours and hours of footage featuring little old me doing all of the things you've read about - everything. And I'm going to watch out for to requests and suggestions for stuff you want to see me doing. I love to try new things, so don't be shy!"
Again there was a round of cheering, whistles and applause.
"There's one other person I need to thank, my boyfriend Dan,"
She pointed to where I was standing at the back of the room. I raised my hand and turned to acknowledge the looks sheepishly. "Without whom none of this would be possible."
Still squatting, Sarah parted her legs, revealing her naked and glistening vagina to the front-row audience of eager eyes.
"If you're wondering why I'm so wet," she opened her legs still further and looked down at her dripping cunt. "It's because Dan's been licking and fingering me since the last dance." A small cheer arose, with many turning to give me a thumbs up or applaud.
"I will do some private dances after this set," A much louder cheer followed this news,
"But sadly, I don't think I'll have time to make sure everyone who wants one gets one. If you aren't chosen, please do know that you will be able to get in touch with me on my website.
Sarah spelled out he name of her site, then stood as and the music for her last dance began.
Her final performance was hotter than anything that had gone before. She was feeding off the sexual energy her mere presence generated, and by the end of it I could guarantee there wasn't a cock in the house which was not absolutely fully erect. Every one of the those lucky enough to be in the front, which chiefly consisted of her ex-students, was treated to a performance which left nothing to the imagination, Sarah moving cat-like around the stage and ensuring everyone got an extreme close-up as she held her cunt open for their enjoyment.
I continued to take a particular interest in the dynamic between Sarah and the two teenage girls Holly and Juliet. Sarah repeatedly came back to them and they both appeared almost in awe of her sexuality and presence on the stage. They did appear to let out a few embarrassed giggles, but neither of them took their eyes off Sarah the whole time she was on stage.
Back in the dressing room, as she got changed, I quizzed Sarah about this.
"We've never really spoken about how you feel about other girls," I started out. She immediately looked up from where she was lacing up her thigh-high PVC boots with a cheeky smile.
"Like the idea of me with those sexy young girls, do you? Or is it," she reached down between my legs to confirm the state of arousal I had been permanently in that evening, "is it that you'd like to sample some of that yourself?"
"No, no. Well, I mean, yes, they are sexy. But I've never seen you with another girl. It's pretty hot, don't you think?"
"I do, yes. I've had so much cock -- and don't get me wrong, I love cock. But I was really enjoying showing off to Holly and her friend there. Got me thinking how it might be nice to explore that sort of thing a bit more. That OK with you?"
"Are you kidding?" my expression and my erection said it all. Sarah smiled at me sweetly.
"Well, I think we've got all sorts of adventures ahead of us. We've got a whole new career now, and I know it's going to be a big success. We'll be able to spend all day and every day fucking, or planning the next dirty little session. I can't wait!"
She stood up. All she was wearing was the PVC boots and some sort of leather bra which actually didn't cover her at all, it simply pushed her tits up and together. She topped it off with a leather choker which sported the label 'Cum Slut'.
"How do I look?" she gave a little twirl.
"Like the object of a million people's fantasies. The sexiest woman alive," I assured her.
I was at a bit of a loose end for the three hours that the clientele of Park Lane took turns to get their five minutes with my girlfriend. I stood at the bar, watching the queue. Sarah's students had got in early, and all twelve lads were first in line. I watched on as the first one entered nervously, before coming out again five minutes later in a bit of a daze. From the way he offered his fingers to his friends for a sniff, I guessed that Sarah had stuck to her plan of ignoring the 'no touching' rule.
"Dan, isn't it?" I was broken from my trance and turned to see the pretty face of Holly smiling up at me.
"Oh, hello. Holly, right?"
"Yeah -- how did you know?"
"Sarah used to teach you, she put you on the guest list."
"Oh yeah, of course."
"And you are Juliet. I'm sure Sarah would say thanks for coming."
"We wouldn't have missed it -- how often does your teacher turn into a super slut and start appearing in porn mags and stripping at lap dancing clubs?"
I shook my head, smiling.
"Not very often, I guess. I must say I was surprised to see you girls take such an interest though. It's not really a traditional female-friendly environment."
"It's pretty seedy, isn't it," agreed Juliet
"But that's pretty hot, I think," said Holly. "It's not Victorian times, people are allowed to enjoy themselves. What surprises me," she looked at me quizzically, "Is that you're OK with Miss Clarke doing... I mean, I've seen her reddit, she gets pretty wild. Are you like, I mean it's fine if you are, whatever does it for you, but are you one of those cuckold couples? Where the man gets locked up and his wife humiliates him?"
I shook my head, smiling.
"No, we get that a lot. We're pretty normal, with me and Sarah it's just a case of her having a sex drive that's off the charts, and me just being a mere human in that regard."
"So, you aren't enough for her?"
I shook my head.
"Physically, not a chance. I am confident that no man in the world would meet that challenge. In fact, give her ten men and she'd want twenty. She's absolutely insatiable!"
"And you're OK with that? I mean she can just go and do whatever, with whoever?"
"I wouldn't like just sitting at home whilst she went out fucking other people. But Sarah wouldn't like that either. Generally, I'm always there -- a lot of the stuff she does is based on ideas we have when we're together. We've both got similar... erm, interests, I suppose."
"And your interests are Miss Clarke getting fucked all over by loads of lads all of the time?" asked Juliet
"Pretty much, yes," I agreed with a shrug. "Listen, I've done it the other way round -- I was married for years and really unhappy. Sarah and me, both of us, we are really, really happy."
"I guess I understand," said Holly. "It's actually pretty romantic Juliet, when you think about it." Juliet thought about it and giggled.
"If you say so. I do think it's pretty hot though. I'll be honest, I know I'm young, but I know what I like, and I love sex. We both do, don't we Holly?"
Holly nodded enthusiastically.
"Oh yes, we do. I'll admit that I'd love to be trying some of the stuff that Miss Clarke's been doing. But you just can't, I mean, how do you go about it?"
This beautiful eighteen your old and her friend were looking for advice on how to become as much of a slut as my girlfriend. I bought them both a drink.
Later on back home, we discussed the evening's events as we slowly fucked
"Well that was absolutely amazing," Sarah enthused. "But I'm going to tell you right now, I need to fuck them all, my students. They were all so fucking hard, I just wanted to take them one after the other."
"Why didn't you? I mean, I was kind of expecting to hear you fucked at least a few of them?"
"It's such a rush, just five minutes each. I want to make it a proper event when we do fuck -- something we'll all be able to savour and remember."
"But you broke the no touching rule?"
"Oh yes, all of them had their hands all over me. It was so fucking hot, Dan. With most of them I just lay back, spread my legs and talked dirty to them while they fingered me. I came quite a few times -- I think Ryan got a bit of a shock when I squirted, it made quite a mess on his shirt!"
As usual, Sarah recounting her filthy behaviour was having an effect, and I began pumping into her more firmly.
"While you were in there," I told her, "I had a good chat with those girls, Holly and Juliet."
"Oh you did, did you?" Sarah was eying me with interest. "Chatting up my eighteen-year old students were you?"
"Not quite, but we did have a good talk about you -- you are quite the role model to them, you know?"
"Really? Like how?"
"Like they both agreed they'd love to do some of the stuff you've done, if they got the chance."
"And how about you? I bet you'd like to see that?"
"I wouldn't complain," I said with a smile.
"I bet you wouldn't. I wouldn't either, they are both lovely girls."
"I tell you what I'd like right now, I'd love to watch you strip them off and let that lovely tongue of yours go to work on them. Fuck you like this while they sit on your face and you show them what a real whore you are first hand!"
"Oh, what a wonderful idea," Sarah gasped, my pace now increasing to the point where I was banging her really hard. "Would you like to fuck them? I'll get them lovely and wet for you."
I started convulsing in intense pleasure.
"I want you to shoot a big load of cum inside Holly, and then have her squeeze it out of her tight little teenage cunt onto my face. That would be so hot, wouldn't it?"
"It would make for some great footage on your website," I agreed. "Oh fucking hell, that is hot." I pulled out and moved up to Sarah's head, while she continued goading me with filthy suggestions.
"That's it, come and give me a big faceful of spunk. Imagine you've just pulled out of Juliet's little pussy. I'll suck all of her juice off for you."
I pushed my cock right to the back of her throat as she sucked.
"Oh Jesus, you really are up for anything aren't you?" I groaned. "Perfectly happy for your boyfriend to fuck eighteen-year-old girls in front of you..."
"Perfectly!" Sarah confirmed with delight. "And even happier licking their clits while you fuck them. And if their eighteen-year-old classmates are fucking me at the same time... Oh shit!"
The only reason I hadn't already cum was the several beers I'd consumed that evening. I'd applied Sarah's Hitachi firmly against her clit as she spoke, and now she was writhing under its spell. She was still trying to utter filthy encouragement, but my cock was now lodged firmly in her throat so she had to concentrate on getting a breath when she could. I took over the mantle from her.
"So I think we need to set that up for the first big new content on the website. 'Miss Clarke takes on a full classroom of her students'. I don't think there would be any shortage of volunteers. You can really focus on doing a good job of fucking them all, like you wanted. And I can watch you get your face between Holly and Juliet's legs."
At this I began to ejaculate. My cock was right down Sarah's throat and I tried to pull out for fear of choking her. The feeling of my cock shooting cum down her throat had set her off and she was grinding against the Hitachi in ecstasy. We must have held that position for a good thirty seconds before Sarah remembered she had to breathe, and pulled my cock free of her throat, causing a huge load to spill down her chin and pool in the nape of her neck.
"Sounds like a plan!" She winked.