Piper and Josie get drunk and screw...69 bottles of booze on the floor...spin 'em all.
*
BING BONG!
Hearing her doorbell ring Piper Cherry shot up from her sectional sofa and hurried through her home on the balls of her feet. Having been caught painting her toenails in her living room she made her way through her house to reach the front door. Opening it she peered out to see her new bestie, next door neighbor and new co-worker the stunning brunette barbie Josie McKellen holding up two wine bottles ready to party.
"Hey Counsellor." Butt ass naked the blonde grew giddy over her new bestie's arrival. Josie on the other hand dropped her jaw at how easily it was for Piper to run naked in front of everyone. Josie missed that freedom having two teenagers. "Where are your clothes young lady?"
"WIIIIIINNNNE!" Piper literally stepped outside her home to hug Josie, pretty as she pleased. With a car driving by Piper transitioned Josie in step so that her backside faced the street. Letting the driver see her full nudity she received a toot of his horn and a thumbs up. Piper didn't bother to look back. "You remembered to bring wine." Josie facing the car waved a bottle over her head at the man and laughed. Driving on Piper walked her bestie backwards into her home then used the ball of her foot to shut the door.
"I did." Josie was released but found Piper unbuttoning and checking beneath Josie's daisy dukes for underwear. Still MIA she trembled with excitement. "Yes, I left them off. I was a big hit with all of my classes after you left. I do need shorter skirts though. With you no longer there stealing the show I was flirted with more in three hours than all week last week. I think they know we're besties too now, so they hope I get as crazy as you were. You are so going to be a bad influence on me and I'm already my own bad influence."
"Just getting started Mi Amiga! Wait until we check out my wardrobe and find you dresses that will get you really noticed. When I'm done you won't be able to fight off the boys."
"That's what scares me." Josie went into the kitchen and sat her bottles on the island before turning to face her greatest challenge. "Piper... I'm a nympho as it is. In my younger days I couldn't keep my clothes on. I was all over boys and God... there is so much I want to trust you with."
"You can absolutely trust me Pussycat. I will always be here for you. We both have skeletons. Let's just agree to get it all off of our chests and forever be there for one another."
"Where have you been all of my life. I've never really had a girlfriend; my only confidants were guys, and I fucked every single one of them."
"You and Henry, both told me you were a wild child." Piper went to her cupboard for wine glasses. "You started at fifteen, right?"
"No." Josie lowered her eyes and gnashed her teeth. "I've never been completely honest with even Henry on that. Do I have to admit how old I really was when I lost my virginity?"
"Yep! No secrets Bestie. I swear to you I'll keep it to myself and even offer my own taboos."
"Thirteen. Oh, God! I seduced... my dad's best friend. My parents were out of town on vacation to Atlantic City. I stayed the week with my friend Vanessa. Her dad worked with my dad, so they spent a lot of time together watching sports and building stuff. His wife left him for another man leaving him to raise Vanessa. He looked so lonely. After we went to bed one night, I snuck out into the living room and found Craig drinking in the darkness and masturbating. He let me watch and I just... blew him on the spot. To avoid Vanessa knowing he took me outside and took my virginity up against the side of his house. Once he had me, I couldn't stop looking for replacements. We fucked for two years until Vanessa caught us. My dad found out and kept it from my mom to salvage his friendship. The guys were inseparable. She doesn't know to this day about Craig and I."
"What did your dad say to you?"
"Bend over."
"Oh no! Belt?"
"Then his pants."
"Oh, Pussycat... your father had sex with you?"
"Yep! Oh, it gets better." Josie sighed then laughed at her life. "Dad took me once a month until I got knocked up by Henry at 15. Of course, I fucked every hot boy I went to school with almost. I would have fucked a whole lot more if I hadn't gotten pregnant. Henry saved my life in a lot of ways. At fifteen I think I had slept with forty boys, Craig, my dad. A teacher. Dad and Craig at the same time. They were my first DP even though I had been gangbanged by boys at school. I was pretty popular."
"Damn! You do have me beat. But I'm hardly done." Piper laughed. "After what I got away with today and how Carlos bowed under pressure you can bet, I'll be doing worse."
"We both need to be careful. You see in the news every day about teachers and students getting arrested over underage sex."
"True. So, I have to ask this... why did Carlos let me get away with what I did today? You even said he told you to wear shorter skirts. Which we most definitely will. If he's that openminded he must feel confident we can avoid scandal."
"He has busted Roman, and I fucking on school cameras. He just tells me to be careful. I know for a fact a number of students engage in sex on the school grounds. Carl overlooks it because they do it in safe zones. He doesn't get after them though."
"Carl has to be a pervert."
"Aren't all men? No, I just think Carl... I don't really know how to explain him. He refuses to have sex because he loves his wife, but he does... enjoy being the voyeur. Just like I love being the exhibitionist. I try to behave myself due to my girls but it's never easy. Now that you're... pushing boundaries I know I will too. You're bringing out my old self."
"Is that so bad?"
"Only by going to jail and humiliating my children. If only there was just some get out of jail free pass." She giggled. "See? There is going to be my problem, Piper. I want to go crazy and whore it up. BADLY! It just... scares me."
"One day at a time. Now open that bottle I'm thirsty."
"Right! Oh! I brought something else too, but you have to find it." She turns a 360 just inside kitchen archway. Wearing tight jean shorts threaded in the legs with only one lone pocket in the ass Josie gave her a hint, her pocket had something with a neck in it. Finding it but resorting in a slow pat down everywhere else on Josie's body beforehand became much more fun than just dragging out the bottle. Fingers down her inseam discovering her clit, Josie flared her eyes as Piper felt her up good. Piper's other hand sliding up under her white camisole to squeeze a breast Josie whimpered. "Getting warmer. Wetter too."
"It sure is." Piper fans her face then plucks the pint bottle of Jack Daniel's from Josie's rear pocket. "JD!! Does it stand for Josie's Delectable?"
"Mmmm! We can find a black sharpie and write that over Jack Daniel's."
"By the way! You didn't have to ring the doorbell. From now on just walk right in. It's not like you haven't before."
"I know, I just wanted the element of surprise. Do you always leave your door unlocked? What if I had been a rapist?"
"Yummy! Just like you." She claimed the bottles and motioned Josie inside, "What do you mean what if you had been a rapist? Worry more about me, I intend to yank those shorts off within the hour."
"Mmm! You know I'm actually liking this bi-sexual thing. Before the other night I'd never, well I guess I've experimented kissing a girl before but... " Josie looks down blushing and notices cotton, "You were doing your nails?"
"I was. You can finish them for me after I pour us a glass of wine."
"It's been years since I've done anyone's nails. I think it was the girls Sophomore prom the last time I, well I did Sable's. Dakota had to do her own. Miss Perfectionist. Anyways, sure I'll paint you."
"I wasn't asking, by the looks of it you need yours painted too." Piper looks at Josie's sandaled feet to see plain ole' fashioned gloss. "Pamper one another?"
"Massage?" Josie winks.
"Absolutely!"
"We should find a male masseuse and have him come over."
"Why? Afraid I can't give a good massage?"
"That wasn't what I meant."
"We tenderize before we terrorize." Piper sheepishly smirks, "Grab our opened bottle and make yourself comfy in the living room. I'll grab our glasses."
Parting at the kitchen Josie enters the living room and explores some of the newer features now that Piper had unpacked some as décor, including family pictures. "I love what you've done to the place. You have a big family."
"Found the pictures I see." Piper calls out from the kitchen, then carries the two wine glasses out to join Josie, noting the photo she was looking over. "My parents 35th wedding anniversary. 40th. is coming up in a month."
"Why do I feel as if I've seen your father before?"
"Politician. You might as well know... my dad is Senator Lane Cherry of Georgia. My mother's name is Virginia. Yeah, I know... Virgin Cherry, she hears that all the time."
"Wow! I'm impress... oh, shit!"
"Connecting dots already? Yes, I'm the former Mrs. Davon Liberty, and no I had no part in his despicable act. Note no wedding ring?" She flashes her hitching finger, "Don't judge me without knowing me, Josie."
"I'm not. That must have been horrible having to deal with..."
"It wasn't easy, but we're divorced now, I have very minimal contact with Davon."
"That means... wow, no wonder you took the cheerleading job from Ruth so quickly."
"Yep! I loved being an Atlanta Falcon cheerleader. I even kept a feather to tickle you with. I gave Davon's jersey away to one of the movers, I needed that tiny bit of closure. That is if you still want to risk being my friend."
"I watch the news, Piper. I saw how miserable you were in court. I knew I'd seen you somewhere before, but I just couldn't figure out where until now. Did all of that effect your father's career any?" She accepts her pre-poured glass of wine as Piper turns to take a seat on her sofa, careful not to disturb her nails.
"Dad's come through worse. I doubt any polls are going to nosedive come re-election. My dad's no angel but he's far from any criminal. He really does try his best to help people, but we all know how crooked the government is. I'm sure his hands are dirty in some fashion."
"I'll change the subject; just know I think you're awesome Piper. I'm here if you ever need to talk."
"Already confirmed that Bestie. Thanks for giving our friendship a shot. I moved away from Atlanta to start over and live for me. I know I can't hide, I'm pretty sure even Carl will piece it all together. Honestly, I'm shocked he got the school board to okay me without them even having a meet about it, let alone not even seeing me in person."
"The board trusts Carl. To be honest I'm not shocked in the least that he went to bat for you so quickly." She sighs heavily, "Confession time. He was testing you over that. The board rarely involves themselves in anything but financials. They let Carl do all of the hiring. They just take the credit. I think you impressed him even after your risqué actions in front of the student body. I'm sure he will grumble but you did warn him what you were like, and he refused to let you go. That says something. Like I said he's a voyeur. He can and will put you in your place if things get too... insane."
"And here I thought maybe it was because I gave him a lap dance in his office."
"You didn't?" Josie laughed with an expression of disbelief. "Of course, you did."
"He's a hard dick to crack I'll give him that."
"I was worried when I saw you in that short dress. I have to say I'm really impressed how you won the students over so fast. From what Sable told me before I left home you made one hell of a mark on the cheerleaders too. You do know your nudity is going to be the talk of the school, right. The teachers are already aware of your... cheerleading practice."
"What can I say, sensuality gets the job done every time. Even they will need to get over everything I do. I will not cave. I'll quit first and lord knows I want to put my degrees to use."
"How did you even do cartwheels in that dress?"
"Tits fell out. My G-string was a rubber band up my twat."
"Oh my God! You are insane. I love it. How many students saw any of that?"
"All of them. I mean I the ladies some, but I don't like looking like a prude."
"Prude? You'd rather look more like a..."
"Slut? I'm good with that." She sips her wine with a wink over her glass.
"To be honest... so am I. I've always been more open that most people know. Well, you know now. Not everything mind you, but we'll get to that." She giggled, "That's why Roman and I hit it off so well. I think Craig set me on a course in loving older men. Well, dad too. Our family life grew strained, and they moved away. Both Henry's family and my parents live in Ohio."
"Do tell! Let's hear the real history of the Roman empire."
"I'll introduce you on Monday when you start. He's not perfect but he knows just how to get me going. I never imagined myself dating a jock but he's pretty amazing. Hung like a horse too. Not as big as Henry, but still."
"So, you prefer someone caught between a jock and a nerd? Like Henry?"
"Henry is amazing too, he just gets a little too much into his work is all. Not that I'm really complaining, he's made loads of money off of his graphics. I can't even begin to tell you how his game used to turn me on. It's been hard not letting our girls know about his pornographic RPG. He works on it mostly when they're at school so they can't get too nosey, when they're at home he runs two games at once. One is his porn, the other is a war game which he knows wouldn't interest them."
"I told Henry I'd love to watch his game sometime."
"Easy enough you can purchase his game online and play it, but it's an ongoing game, adding new episodes every month as he completes them."
"Sounds fun we should watch it together once I get cable and internet."
"Absolutely! It might inspire us." Josie wiggles her brows.
"It's a date. Here's to many more dates." She stretches her glass out to gently tap Josie's.
"Here, put your foot in my lap." Josie sits her glass down on a coaster, then grabs the bottle of paint and box of cotton. Once ready Piper lays out and offers her other foot to her bestie. "You have such cute toes."
"I've heard that a lot. Especially just before they get sucked on." She then lowered her voice adding, "My kryptonite. I go limp and powerless when they're sucked. I mean it, no lie. I'm powerless to resist anything once I feel warm lips around a single toe. All at once... I'm floating aimlessly in a silent void. The whole world tunes out."
"Mmmm! I like mine sucked on too. It's been ages. Guys just don't like doing that anymore." She begins brushing paint on Piper's small toe.
"I know. My not so better half did have that part covered though. He knew it drove my hormones through the roof. Now that he's not an option I guess it's a waiting game to see who feasts on my tootsies next."
"Mind if I ask a personal question?"
"You can ask me anything. I'm not going to hide anything from you."
"Did you... cheat on Dav... him?"
"Not once believe it or not. Trust me I could have had the entire Atlanta Falcon squad. Including the Coaches. Including everyone who worked for the team. Including the other teams." She giggled sipping her wine. "I had offers literally five times a day but always resisted. I'm not saying I didn't want to I just... respected my marriage. Now I don't count it cheating when I'm shared and Davon knew about it, instigated it even. Trust me when I say he loved watching his friends make love to me... or team up to destroy me. Don't get me started."
"Something of which I've taken for granted. The respect parts." Josie moved on to Piper's next toe in order. "So, your ex shared you. I wish Henry would more often. Now that he and I share you maybe he can offer us variety in that area. I hope so. It sure would make life easier. I really do worry about our in-school flaunting. You cannot imagine how many young men I've taught over the last five years that I've fantasized over. There were so many temptations. How I weathered through that perfect storm I don't know."
"Don't get me wrong I'm not judging any woman that feels the need to cheat. But if there's really love it should be either worked on to make it better or find a compromise. You and Henry have found that, correct?"
"Yes, thanks to you. We've agreed to do whomever we want as long as we're honest and communicate about it. He's told me I can still see Roman. Luckily, Roman didn't believe me when I told him I couldn't see him again."
"Would you have committed to not seeing Roman if Henry had forbidden it?"
"I would have tried to keep my word. I... probably not." She looked miserable in her admission of future guilt.
"Too far gone?"
"You might say that." She offers a sheepish glint in her eye, "Can we just tell it how it is? I mean you already know more about me than anyone."
"Good friends should always have one another's back. Here on I'm going to speak my mind, so you should too."
"I feel the urge to taunt men every second of every day. I suppose that makes me a super nympho. A very bad trait concerning my job choice. Some of the seniors at Horton-Dexter just...make it really hard to teach." She pauses to take a drink of her wine which led to multiple swallows to reflect her nerves. "I think if I could I'd almost work in the nude just to get attention."
"Mmm! There's an option." Piper bats her lashes, "You know I'm going to wear skimpier dresses than the one I wore to my interview with Carl. The more receptive I get the more I'll challenge myself. Carl is well aware of that inevitability. Until he fires me, I will be over the top."
"Yes, and I think you're crazy for risking that when you want this job so badly, but I find you mesmerizing all the same. I have a feeling I'm going to follow your lead for better or worse. If I get arrested or fired, I don't really know how Henry will take it. Honestly, and I've already mentioned this, but my only problem really is the fear of my daughters being humiliated by me."
"Am I mistaken? Did they not wear your camisoles with no bras under them to school?" Piper withheld the knowledge of Josie's youngest Sable potentially exposing herself by accident in a cheerleader brawl, protective oversight she considered it, "I think they're already relating to you in a good way." Piper offers as Josie moves to her next toe in line after placing cotton between those toes already painted. As she watched Josie, Piper was playing with her pussy right in front of Josie. How Josie had a steady hand was anyone's guess.
"I know and I've come to terms that my babies are growing up. I told them that if Carl comes through on the one day a week dress code lapse that they could wear them again. It just frightens the shit out of me that they might become too much like me. I'm not ready to be a grandmother. Hell, I had the twins when I was fifteen. Henry sixteen. We were babies ourselves. Luckily, we both had parents that were supportive of our... decisions. Well, my dad was worried they might be his or Craig's. Thankfully, they weren't. There were a lot of sighs of relief before we knew for certain. Around conception time I think I had bedded down eight other boys. That teacher included. And no, I never ratted him out. He still teaches across town believe it or not. Over at Wellington. He was so incredible back then. We fucked three times a week in his classroom. Lunch hour was amazing. So risky but so worth it."
"At least you didn't say the twins were mistakes. Your girls are precious Josie."
"Of course, they are, they have my good looks."
"Henry's brains?"
"I wouldn't go that far. You haven't seen their grades. Well, Sable's are decent, but Dakota slacks off. She's always been my dreamer." Josie giggled, "Besides if he had the brains we might not even still be married."
"Why? Because you know that your... nympho tendencies will always blemish his personal thoughts on your commitment to one another? Again, if I'm not mistaken Henry not only has me to play with as needed, but there's also little Miss Tessa."
"Barely a year older than our girls. I don't think Henry has had sex with her, but I'm pretty sure he will. I might be at my peak sexually... actually, I'm not sure I've reached that potential yet," She giggles, "Tessa might fill the youthful fantasies Henry has. Henry is still pretty intense in bed, especially since we've talked. Hubby has always been good, but I think he's stepped it up for sure. When went locked you out of your bedroom and fucked in your bed. OH, MY GOD! So vicious!"
"How well I know, I should be pissed that I was locked out of my own bedroom by you two lustbirds. I heard how rough he was. You screamed all night long."
"Sorry! Hey, at least Henry tossed you a toy to kill the time. For that matter, I heard you screaming out here too Missy. Your toy must have been well used."
"Mmm! Bodzilla and I go waaaaay back. He's, my favorite. I'm not mad in the least that you two kept it to yourselves, you needed that intimacy to help your relationship. You didn't need me hogging your glory. For the record... I think I'll avoid having sex with Henry for a while to give you two time. I won't promise never again because like you I share in that nympho gene pool. He was pretty good in bed... well, on the carpet. Fur blanket!"
"I told you I'm fine that you sleep with Henry, as long as you sleep with me too." Another nail done Josie winks at Piper, "Tonight, I hope."
"You know it. Why do you think I'm warming up my kitty here? Hurry up and finish my nails. Once they dry, I'll do yours." Piper polishes off her wine and pauses Josie to refill their glasses. Once settled back Josie returns to her canvas.
"Shit! Hold on a second. My shorts are crawling up my ass." Josie sets things aside including Piper's foot to stand up and fudge with trying to tug them about without removing them.
"Just take those off." Piper frowned, "Save me the time later."
"Is Perbert watching? Knox Hardecker?" She peers out the French doors and finds no onlookers for once. "Maybe Kelly had a talk with Travis over how addicted he is to that telescope. Same for Knox, Winslow might have seriously punished him. I'm honestly shocked that after we all urinated on Knox, Winslow hasn't at least come talk to us."
"Does it matter? Knox deserved what he got. Stripping Sable and Travis looked like rape. His dad probably doesn't want charges to have to deal with."
"True." Josie unzips her shorts and wiggles them down her tanned legs to the floor and casts them under the coffee table as their temporary hiding place. Patting her thighs and showing off her freshly shaved peach she drops back down into her seat. Seeing Piper shaking her head her direction Josie just took her shirt off too. Naked she shivered with freedom. "Happy now?"
"Never happier. I love your body."
"I love yours too. God, I wish I had your body." Josie admires the well-toned, deep curves that Piper's years of cheerleading and workout regimen gifted her.
"What are you complaining about? You're petite and gorgeous."
"Small boobies though."
"Guys love boobies as long as there's something to jiggle. You have plenty to fluff Beautiful."
"Not as petite as Mimi, however. She's tiny. I'm short but she's barely 5 feet."
"Yeah, I need to text Mimi again. I haven't since I left the school today. I wonder what she does in her spare time?"
"Feeds her ten cats?"
"That's mean."
"She has ten cats. Literally."
"Really? She needs to get out more."
"She warned you of her religious background. Taking care of her ailing mother."
"Right! I recall that now. My niece is in seminary school I... don't know why I brought her up." Piper sighs, "I guess it was just the religion comment. I say we invite her into the Nymphomaniac Club. Mimi not Monet." She laughs. "Monet is already my mini me in looks and that category. I can almost predict that she gets kicked out of school for seducing every student there. My sister is on her way there now to enroll her. Raleigh North Carolina!"
"We can only cross our fingers on both praying hands." Josie laughs, "Foot up."
"Ever had a footlong?"
"Noooo! I'd love too though. Henry is my biggest that's why I love him so much. I've had more whoppers than winkies though. My dad and Craig were both nine inches like Henry is, but not as thick. That DP with those two... so good. You?"
"Well, not quite. Davon was a good ten inches though. That's my biggest so far. You can bet I'll be lining up some here soon though. Have you ever seen that science teacher's dick?"
"Roger Dundee? No, we get along great but... I honestly don't know why we haven't. Someday maybe. You have your eye on Roger?"
"I have my eye on dozens. Some of those jocks at Horton-Dexter make me crazy. I sat in the bleachers with six of them surrounding me. I let them rub my legs and inside of my thighs. One of them got a finger under my G-string but not far enough to do anymore than touch my pubes. I really need to shave these whiskers."
"Wow! You let them get away with that?"
"If that fight hadn't broken out of course I would have. Pussycat... I'm no angel. They could have fingered me, I'd have been fine with that much."
"Neither am I. Now you have me thinking about letting my students get that far. I can easily let that happen. I flashed seven students after you stole my panties. The tongues were wagging. I might end up letting them apply that talent."
"I know I will."
"Are you planning on going all the way?"
"Not immediately but I know me. I'll get there. I need to find that trust level first. Once I do... anything goes. I know one thing; I want to keep testing Carlos over what he will let me get away with. At some point my telling him I quit won't prevent it from happening. Wearing short skirts or low cleavage and zero undies is not test enough. The younger students concern me. Seeing skin and kitty doesn't bother me but engaging too young is... a line I probably need to draw. Seventeen might be a cutoff point."
"I agree. Is it sad I find some Sophomore's attractive enough to tease?"
"Tease no. Intercourse, maybe. I guarantee Freshmen saw my tits yesterday in the gym. My ass too when I helped Travis pick up his books and papers. I had my G-string on today, but I plan on losing those pesky panties once I get used to everyone. No bra no panties ever again."
"Changing the subject of students. Those moving guys were pretty hung. Still no nines or larger." Devotion to nails Josie still found time to reflect.
"Guys that big are probably hard to find. Sooner or later, I'll round them up."
"If you do give him my number. Just not Kelly Herbert's... master. He was a monster and that's not even speaking of his character."
"We can dream. Yeah, I might do that Dominic guy. I have nothing to lose. Food for thought only, I really don't want to come between a master and his slave. More power to Kelly. You do good work McKellenangelo." She rolls her eyes, "I know not my best comeback. Sounded funny until I said it."
"Thanks, Pipcaso."
"Ugggh! Just as terrible." As Josie finishes Piper's final toenail, she takes a break, until Piper lifts her foot, "Blow on them."
"Seriously?" Josie laughs then tilts her face to actually blow dry her toenails. Deciding while she was doing it she held Piper's foot and massaged the bottom.
"Heaven!"
"I'm glad you moved to Nashville. I sorely needed a girlfriend to hang out with. Guys are awesome but talking to them can be such a bore somedays. Henry gets absorbed in Frisque, and Roman puts too much focus on Football. I mean I understand it's their bread and butter, but I like being the center of attention."
"I can relate. When I was a Falcon, I loved the attention. Davon flaunted me but never on the field. There he was professional. I had to be too. Not that I cared I loved being his wife until the mess he got himself into. He made his bed; I just couldn't sleep in it any longer once he was convicted." Pointing at her bedroom she hissed, "New bed."
"Let's pluck out those cotton balls from your other foot and I'll massage it. Give this foot a little longer to dry."
"Tired of giving me a blowjob?"
Josie taps the tip of her small toe, "I prefer bigger."
"More wine?" Piper again takes a very healthy drink, Josie in pursuit does the same. Filling their glasses, a third time the bottle was running low. Sloshing the lower bowels of the bottle Piper just tips it and polishes off the bottle before resting it on its side atop her coffee table. Spinning it she chuckles, "Spin the bottle?"
"Let's do it." Josie sits forward and spins it a second time, the neck pointing closer toward Piper. "Drink!"
"Oh, we're making it a drinking game?" Piper sips her wine.
"No, chug it."
"Wine? Isn't that beer?"
"Improvise."
"Fine! Here's to two buzzed bitches." She toasts Josie then downs the last few sips in her glass. Once polished off Piper hops up, "That wasn't much to guzzle I'll grab the other bottle." Trudging with a limp due to her still damp painted nails she goes to the kitchen returning with the second bottle of Chardonnay. Popping the cork, she refills her glass and tops off Josie's. Guzzling her entire glass, she shivered then refilled her glass again.
"This is fun. My turn." She spins the empty bottle again this time arriving at Josie dead on. "Tipsee!" She makes a tipping motion with her free hand. Giggling Josie guzzles her glass ending with a sighed, "Ahhhhhh!", before licking her lips. Round three once refilled the bottle lands back on Josie again, "No fair. Two in a row."
"Wino!" Piper watches as Josie polishes off yet another full glass. It took three more spins to even get the bottle to land close to either of them. This time Piper drank, then poured another. Josie spins again and it lands directly halfway between them.
"I guess that qualifies as a double header. Both drink?"
"Down the snatch... hatch... same hole." Piper laughed and both emptied their glasses.
"Whew! My head is spinning, that or I'm watching the bottle too closely."
"Nope! It's us. Mine is too. Almost another empty bottle Pussycat. You're up, I drained the last dick."
"Dick!" Josie busted up, "The bottle could be used as..."
"You're on Lush." Piper grabbed the empty on the table and brought the neck of the bottle to her pussy but held off installing it. "Hurry up we're doing this together."
"Oh my God!" Josie tilted her bottle and swallowed every drop then moved it to line up with her vagina, on the count of three both women slid the necks in passing through the vulva, sinking as deep as both felt comfortable. Josie seemed to handle the wider girth well. Piper felt inspired to plunge her bottle in more. In seconds both women fucked themselves. Not the worthiest of toys but it did make them moan in between laughing. "This is insane."
"First time for everything I say."
"Are we really doing this?"
"No whine before its time the commercials used to say."
"Shit!" Josie reeled from her abuse. In under five minutes both beauties got themselves off. Once being enough, they set their bottles aside and panted. Relaxing their breathing grew normal as Piper grabbed her paint and patted her lap. "Footsy." Josie giggled and took her chances that Piper could paint in a straight brush stroke. Over time she realized Piper was doing a damn good job. It gave them both a bit to adjust to the alcohol in their system. Josie eying the pint of Jack Daniels stretched her arm to procure it. "Jack off time?"
"Sure, you want to mix wine and JD straight? I don't have any coke to mix with it. I'm not normally a pop drinker. Only when I'm in the mood."
"Live dangerously."
"Swiggle bitch." Piper laughed turning her own breeze on Josie's toenails blowing them dry.
Josie opening the pint took a drink then made a face, "I forgot how bad it tastes straight up."
"As you said live dangerously." Piper puts cotton between Josie's toes then plucks up her other foot.
"Jack?"
"That's what he said." Piper chuckles and pauses to take a healthy swig. "Hot damn!"
"I'll buy some of that next time."
"Hold still I'm almost done."
"You paint fast."
"I have better things to do with my hands so I'm hurrying."
"Oh? Like what?" Josie smiles brightly.
"Jack ole' Daniel Bitch."
Pinching the short bottle neck Josie acted as if she were jacking the bottle off. Laughing made it difficult to paint so Piper held off until she stopped. Once the swig was past her throat, no tonsils in the way Josie exhaled fire, her expression frightful, "Why did I bring this shit?"
"Too late we're drinking it all."
"I'll pass out then throw up."
"Not on my property." Piper gooses Josie with a fingertip to her wet pussy. "Firewater down here too."
"You haven't tasted it to even know the alcohol content." Glossing her finger amid Josie's wetness Piper brings her finger to her lips and sucks it.
"Definitely 200 proof."
"Drink!" Josie forcefully hands Piper the pint. In response Piper takes a larger drink than expected and swallows it.
"FUCK ME! Not even half empty."
Back and forth they took drinks as Piper finishes Josie's toenails. With Josie's other foot dry Piper brought her toes up to her mouth as if blowing but sucked on them instead. Josie whimpered and slouched a bit in her seat. "Oh, that's nice."
"Cotton mouth in the morning." Piper let up then spit cotton balls at Josie. Caught off guard Josie cracked up laughing.
"OH, MY GOD PIPER!" Two more balls shot from her lips Piper devoted her mouth to making Josie weak. Josie took another drink and gave up setting the bottle on the coffee table next to the paint. "Hey! We can use the rest of the Jack as nail polish remover next weekend." Piper was too busy sucking toes to reply with anything other than a wink. "I want a foot long."
Piper maintained control of Josie's toes but stretched out her body in order to lay over Josie and put her feet right in her face. Seconds later both women were sucking each other's toes. Piper had to pause a tad because having her own toes sucked on made her putty. Eyes rolling back, she could barely think. It was just that orgasmic. It took Josie to flinch her foot to get Piper back in action. While Josie attended to Piper's toes, she had the idea of payback and goosed Piper right inside her own drenched vulva. A secondary thought led to fingering Piper. In response Piper found enough adrenalin to respond in kind. It became a duel of toes and pussies, both women fingering the other in a strange form of scissoring. Maybe this was called hedge clipping. Moans of feasting and frolicking brought both women to climax, shaking like leaves.
Without words Piper peeled away from Josie and turned around to lay back on top of her chest to chest to lock lips kissing. Twenty minutes straight their tongues enjoyed one another. Finally, in a drunken maneuver Piper slipped off of Josie and landed on the carpet between her sectional and the coffee table. Knocking bottles over sobered her up, the JD spilling. She used her cotton balls to clean up the mess. "Fireballs!" She laughed over it. Josie in turn tossed her shirt up on the stain to prevent scarring the coffee table's finish.
"So much for the whiskey tango." Piper sighed.
Rolling off the couch Josie landed on top of Piper and stormed her lips again, bodies finding warm friction in their smothering attentions. Fifteen more minutes of kissing led Josie to part lips and crawl over Piper's body. Halfway over Piper, she found herself being held back so that Piper could kiss her belly and nuzzle her thin patch of pubes. Arching her body at a tongue in her snatch Josie remained there until she came, moans minimal, more the awe of the actions. Using the table to rise Josie sat on Piper's face a minute more before escaping. Unable to walk Josie just crawled away toward Piper's bedroom.
Finding the energy Piper rolled over on to her belly and huffed, watching Josie wiggle away on all fours. Eyes zeroing in on her glossy cunt was like the call of the wild. In thought only Piper spoke in a mental slur, "Follow that care." Car! Rising to her own hands and knees she clumsily gave chase in a slow-motion hot pursuit. She loved that bitch. Lost in the gloom of only a dim nightlight Josie winced and stopped cold in the dark bedroom. A moment later Piper caught up and collided her face directly into Josie's bare bottom. Tongue finding Josie's butt pucker it was back on. Josie dropping forward on her upper body just sat there letting Piper lick her anus silly.
"Piper..." was all Josie could muster. Whining Josie had to reach under herself and rub her own clit to yet another orgasm. Not once did Piper give up until the job was done. For two women just adjusting to bisexuality they were doing a bang-up job. Once Josie came, shaking in her slumped over posture Piper literally crawled over her to reach her mattress. Hands on her bed with her thighs in Josie's hair, Josie lifted her face up between Piper's legs and found her pussy. Dining on snatch Piper squealed and clutched her bedding dragging it toward her.
"F-f-fuck me!" Piper mumbled. She loved her pussy being eaten from behind. Clawing her way higher her upper body fell forward on the mattress giving Josie room to eat more vibrantly. No further climbing could occur until Piper came on Josie's ravaging tongue, even then the effort was on Josie's part. She rolled her tits up Piper's back and did her best to climb right over Piper as she had done to her. Leap frog! Once on the mattress Josie rolled over on her back and semi passed out. She didn't recognize where she was until she felt Piper gnawing at her clit. Moan on ladies. Moan on.
Cumming yet again on Piper's tongue Josie gripped Piper's head and attempted to draw her upwards. Head spinning Piper gradually slithered over Josie, nipples trailing her tummy until their tits battled one another nipples versus nipples. Swarming Josie's throat Piper kissed it until Josie had to stop her, "No Hickie's... my daughters... Henry... Roman... my students... my GOD!" Piper was on a mission. Josie lost the desire to stop her.
Only a sudden roll could end her worries. Josie, now on top of Piper fanned herself briefly then dropped in to get revenge. Kissing Piper's neck equally as hard, evenly distributed, the emotions grew. While sucking on Piper's neck Josie applied fingers to agitate Piper's clit, hips rising up to greet her attentiveness. Seconds later Josie was fingering her bestie with three fingers. Between fingers and lips, it was Piper Cherry's turn to climax, a gusher at that. Wet fingers draw away and reach up to place half her fingers into Piper's mouth the other half into her own for a shared experience.
Exhausted they lay together and coo before kissing some more, hands holding hands, fingers between fingers. A true bonding connection was being made. For an hour they recouped and tried to sober up. Even getting out of bed to pee and rummage in Piper's closet for clothing. Selecting dresses for her by size Josie tried a few on and looked at herself in a mirror using only the closet light to see by.
"These are so short." Josie giggled, "I won't be able to bend over."
"You worry too much. I have a challenge for you."
"Do I want to hear this?"
"You know you want to."
"Tell me."
"No underwear in school from here on out the rest of the school year. I'll do the same."
"WHAT? I... won't be able to resist touching myself." She laughed.
"Then don't."
"In a room full of..."
"Students? You flashed them today. Keep that up."
"Shit! There's quite a few I'd love to show off in front of."
"I know I will. When I moved here, I told myself to live out my fantasies. Nothing is going to stop me. Why should fear stop you?"
"Carl is tolerant but..."
"He's altering our dress code, isn't he?"
"Yes, but come on, the students wouldn't go as far as you're talking."
"We'll see. If we set a good bad example they might."
"Only those old enough I hope."
"Cross that bridge when we come to it. You know your students better than I. Just tease those you know are... cute."
"Oh, definitely. There's so many to choose from. This year has the largest senior class in Horton-Dexter's history. But lord have mercy there are so many Juniors... Sophomore's."
"I think you mentioned that. Which means a high volume of 18 year old's. Younger can see, just not touch."
"Roughly 660 students graduating this year. Horton-Dexter can barely teach them all. Every school in Nashville is overpopulated."
"What percentage of those Seniors are 18 already?"
"I would guess 60 to 70 percent."
"Of that 60/70, how, many of those are young men?"
"Definitely much higher than the girls. Guess only... 450."
"Are we going to have fun or what?" Piper hugged Josie in the mirror, then tugged the dress up in front of her showing off Josie's pussy. "Peekaboo they see you."
"Dammit Piper." She shivered smiling. "I'll try no panties Monday, but I'm taking some just in case."
"If you must."
"Are you really going commando all day long?"
"I might wear some on occasion, but my goal is not to. The first few weeks I'll examine how the faculty reacts to me then decide. You commit, I'll commit."
"Trial basis."
"Fair enough. Now let's go see if there's any Jack left in that pint. I want to feel gooooooood." Turning the bedroom light on while drinking led to it being left on the rest of the night. Let the world see. At this hour who was up anyway? Not Henry. Not the twins. Perbert was out cold. There was enough Jack Daniels to up the ante, more love making led both ladies toward a ferocious bestial scissoring, cunt taunting cunt, ankles gripped tightly and forcing their war of orgasms until they rolled up on one another and went to town devouring one in a feeding frenzy 69. By 4:30 AM they passed out from exhaustion in each other's arms as if mates, Josie snuggling under Piper's armpit. Piper drooling in her sleep.
"Night ladies."
Outside Piper's poolside bedroom window hid a certain bad boy that had recently been humiliated. Knox Hardecker had watched the lovers for two hours straight recording their savage hunger over one another. Mostly for his own masturbation aid but also fuel for fire if needed. Who knew the damage he might cause out of vengeance. There was always money to be made selling their sex tape so to speak. For now... he just wanted to watch them sleep. His third nut of the night coming on.
"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Already there.
Some nightcap.
Before he left, he took a piss in Piper's pool.
taBOOze!