When I was 13 my family moved to the LA area of California and we lived there until I was 17, a senior in high school. My dad, a software engineer got transferred up to the San Francisco area and so we moved once again. I was pretty bummed as I had made a bunch of really good friends. On the other hand, it was probably the best thing for me at the time because I was really getting out of control with partying and wild behavior. The move served to settle me down and concentrate on my art more. I graduated with honors from high school and got to go to art school on scholarship. That was all pretty cool, but I still missed my wild friends from LA. I stayed in touch of course, but didn't get to see them too often. I went off to college in Boston and so saw them even less over the 4 years I attended school.
When I graduated from Art School, I decided to spend a month or so back home in CA. I was going to be starting up a master's program at a school in New Haven that fall. I figured that once I started there, I probably wouldn't get home for a while and so wanted to get a nice long visit in. I talked my boyfriend Bob into joining me but he only planned to stay for a couple of weeks.
We were just hanging out not doing anything special one day when I got a call from my old girlfriend Rachel inviting us down to LA for the weekend. She was having a party to celebrate the 4th and to show off the house her and her husband had bought and were renovating. There were going to be a bunch of old high school friends coming and she said it would be a blast if we could show up as a kind of surprise. I was psyched and told her that we'd be there.
We flew down there early on the 4th and helped with getting the last of the arrangements in order. Once the party was going strong, Bob and I went our separate ways, I had been dating him long enough that he knew quite a few of the people and had become pretty friendly with some of the guys. The party was really a riot, I saw so many people I hadn't seen in like 5 years or so. Every time I would see someone from the old days, it'd be a little scream fest and hugs all around, it was just so cool seeing everyone.
The liquor was flowing and by early afternoon I had a good buzz going. Some guy who said he knew me from high school, but that I just didn't recognize had really killer weed. Well, a poor memory doesn't mean one has to be rude and if he felt like sharing then ok, we must've been friends. LOL!
Well, I have to tell you that stuff was wicked good. I felt like I was floating after a just couple of tokes! When we finished smoking that joint, I was so high. I couldn't even hold a conversation with the, he didn't seem any better. I loved it, but had to return a little closer to earth.
Fortunately, there was a pool out back. I figured a dip in the pool would mellow me out a bit, but when I got there, it was full of people partying and cooling down. I decided to hell with it, I needed to get a bit more mellow and crowded or not, I was going in. The water felt as warm as bath water, but I was able to find a spot to dip my body under for a little bit. After a little while, my head started to function and my feet touched lightly upon the earth once again, that is until Bob brought me another margarita... whew, I was on the buzz train and it looked it was leaving the station!
Anyway, the party really was killer and I had great time all through the day and into the evening. It was after 1 in the morning and we were down to 5 couples hanging around listening to music and shooting the breeze. Rachel's husband, Jimmy, decided to show us all the addition that he was putting on the back of the house, basically closing in the back porch and taking out the back wall of the kitchen. Where he had ripped out the back kitchen wall, he had put up a piece of thick, black plastic to keep the dust out of the main house. As we sat there talking about how cool it would be to have such a big kitchen, one of the guys noticed this hole in the plastic barrier and asked about it.. Well, Rachel breaks out laughing, her face turning beet red, "Don't say a word Jimmy, not a word".
Well... that's all I needed to starting prying, knowing Rachel like I did.
You see, she was one of the girlfriends with me on a trip to see an Aerosmith concert trip while we were still in high school. Being the little exhibitionists we were back then, we and 3 other girls decided miniskirts and halter tops but not to wear any under garments. I don't know what we were thinking, but at the time it seemed like a great idea, maybe more of a dare I guess... I don't know. Anyway, we all rode to the concert in this big old delivery van. It just had cushions on the floor in back that we all sat on. Well, we are started getting high and I guess we weren't paying particular attention to what we might be revealing in our short skirts. A couple of weeks later we found that our pussies were featured on what what was to become the infamous pussy tape. It seemed that most of the guys in our high school had a copy of it and it became a main feature of parties. Someone turned it on at a party I was at with Rachel one time, that's how we found out about it. But that's another story for another time.
So back to this story, knowing Rach as I did, I knew it had to be an interesting story, "Come on Rachel, fess up. What naughty things have you been up to?" I teased. Rach's face got even redder and by now she was laughing so hard that she couldn't even speak, that just added fuel to the fire. Now, Jimmy was laughing too, but he was drunk enough to spill the beans.
Still laughing, he told us that he'd been working in the addition one night. He had been cutting up some plywood on the table saw. When he'd finished and turned off the saw, he heard Rachel calling through the plastic. When he went over by the wall to see what it was she wanted, he saw the hole cut in the plastic and within the hole, the most inviting sight a man can see.
"The most inviting sight" I laughed, at first confused. I looked at Rachel with a questioning look. Her face was bright red and everyone was laughing, she raised her eyebrows and kinda bobbed her head as if to say, come one now you know. Then I got it!
"Rachel!" I squealed... laughing..., "you didn't do that really... did you?" She held her hands over her red face and nodded her head still laughing. "Well", Jimmy laughed, no way I wasn't going to turn that down and goddamn it to hell, that was some of the best sex ever!
"Ewwww...Why?" Susie asked, acting kinda disgusted.
"Fantasy time I guess" he smiled, "it coulda been anybody... even you" he said with a crazy little grin on his face as he looked at Susie. It was Susie's turn to have a red face.
Rachel now more of less back in control, agreed with Jimmy, she said it was pretty wild and really got her hot too. The guys were all commenting on how cool they thought that was. I was impressed by the idea too. That was creative for sure and I surely do like creative.
We were all still talking about it when Bob piped up, "Hey!!! why don't you girls give us all a little show through the hole, now that'd be sooooo cool" he purred.
He kept on about how cool it would be if we would flash them from the other side of the plastic, the other guys were drunk enough of course to love the idea. I think that they were thinking about checking out the girls that they hadn't seen and not thinking about the fact that their own girl would be flashing too or maybe not... I don't know how a guy's mind works.
Anyway, I just laughed and said "no way, not a chance...you guys...are...friggin...dreaming"!!! Well, we were all pretty loaded and once the idea came out, the guys just wouldn't let it go, they all started saying that yeah, they thought it was a fucking great idea, why not.
Janine looked at her boyfriend and said "yeah right, you get cross eyed pissed if another guy even glances at me and now you're saying that you think it'd be cool for me show my pussy to all your friends". We all laughed that she put it so bluntly, but good question.
He laughed and said, "well I didn't say anything about your pussy dear, but what the hell, sure... why not, no one going to know one pussy from the other, so what difference would it make? Besides these aren't all my friends only some of them."
"Oh get outta town" Janine said, "are you saying Steve? You wouldn't recognize me... give me a break".
"Well yeah", he conceded, "sure I'd recognize you, but no one else will.The same with the rest of these guys, I guess that we'll all recognize their sweet friends too, but that's the beauty of this, you can flash and no one other than your boyfriend will know who you are. And Janine, I know you like to show off a little bit to the boys" he said with a wicked grin. Janine's face went beet red, but she pressed on.
"So if that's the case, why do you even want to have us do this then?" Janine asked.
"Well, I may not which one you are Janine", Bobby piped in, "but I'll know that know that one of them will be you and that's enough to make me happy". he laughed along with the rest of the guys.
We girls were looking at each other just laughing and shaking our heads at the silliness of the whole thing. Then Bobby got a coin out and said, "Ok here's the deal, we'll flip a coin tails you do it, heads you don't...fair enough".
I couldn't believe that we were even considering this thing, unless the other girls were getting as hot as I was at the thought of flashing our most intimate parts to all these guys.
I held up my hands laughing and said to Bobby "hold it, hold it right there, not so fast mister. Let's say that it turns out tails and we all agree to do this, what do we get in return? I think if you going to get to see we got, then you need to be showing us your stuff too." Turning to the girls, that's only fair, don't you think?" They all hooted and cheered giving me high fives agreeing that was the way it was going to be or don't even bother flipping the damn coin.
It's funny sometimes how you can make the inanimate object like a coin the responsible party when you're drunk. We all watched as the coin flipped through the air and hit the floor. We got in close watching the coin spin, then wobble and finally fall...tails, how appropriate. We girls all screamed in distress when we saw the result and I knew then and there that we were going to go through with this. I couldn't believe that I was going to show my pussy to these guys, my heart started to pound and my face flushed. The guys all cheered and hooted, their turn for the high fives. I don't know what excited them more, seeing the pussy of a girl they knew but had never seen before, showing off their girlfriends/wives to the other guys or getting the chance to show off their dicks, I guess it didn't matter, they were excited for sure and I guess we were too.
Rachel looked over at us laughing; "ok girls looks like put up or shut time"? We kinda nodded our acquiescence. "Ok one rule", Rachel said, talking to the guys... "no peeking through the hole to see us. That's not fair, this is supposed to be anonymous. If you violate that rule, then it ends right there, understand"?
The guys did and held us to the same rule. Bob spoke up and said, "but you have to leave it up there until we're done checking you out, no quick peeks and then pulling it away". "Ok" we agreed, "but then you guys have got to have stiffies when you put them through for us to check out and you have to leave it there until we tell you". They laughed and Jimmy said, "I don't think that's going to be a problem Jenn. By the way do you think you can give me some little signal so that I'll know it's your sweet ass I'm looking at"? I smiled and flipped him the bird and all the other guys laughed.
The guys stayed in the addition and we girls went back into the main house. I immediately went to mix up another pitcher of drinks to build up our nerves. I was so excited already. I think that probably all of us girls were. We were all at least a little bit exhibitionist so this really fed the fire. When I got back into the kitchen, Rachel and Janine had moved a futon couch from the living room to over by the plastic wall. Rachel had also turned off all the lights except for one by the stove, She didn't trust the guys to uphold the deal. Then we all went into the living room to organize ourselves.
"So how do we start this?" I asked them. Susie started to undress and said "I guess by getting naked, I can't believe that I'm doing this".
Seeing her peel out of her bra and panties got us all moving to get our clothes off too until we were all naked, giggling and laughing like a bunch of schoolgirls on a sleepover. This really brought me back in time to when we used to all hang out together. These were just the kind of wild things that got me into trouble back then. Here we were picking right up where we had left off all those years ago. Maybe we wouldn't have if we weren't all 3 sheets to the wind but we were and so we did.
Strangely, I was still comfortable being naked with these girls, hell we were all members of the no underwear club in high school and had slept over each others house plenty of times. When we slept over usually we would just sleep in the nude together. We never did anything sexual, it was just part of the thing we were into back then.
Rachel's mom walked in one morning while we were still sleeping and saw us sleeping there naked together. She kinda flipped out and had a talk with Rachel later asking her if she was a lesbian, it was just too funny although Rachel didn't think so at the time.
We were all pretty excited, there were hard nipples everywhere. While we were all giggling and laughing and trying to decide who would go first, I tiptoed back into the kitchen and over to the hole. I put my breast in the opening. The guys started cheering and then I could hear that they were all gathered around the opening on the other side of the plastic checking me out. The girls were all quiet now watching to see what would happen. Fingers gently twisted my hard nipple and it tightened up even more. The fingers let go and I was just ready to pull away when I felt a hot mouth enclose my nipple and suck on it for a second. I pulled away and ran back to the living room motioning the girls to come with me. I didn't want the guys to hear what I was saying.
I was laughing hysterically when I told the girls what the guys had done. I was sure it was Bobby, because he would of course recognize my nipple. "Don't worry Jenn, we'll get them back... you just wait". We were all still laughing when we went back out to the darkened kitchen.
"Ok, your turn" Susie called to the guys.
"Oh no you don't..." Susie's fiancé Ralph called back, "that was just an appetizer, we want the main event now. That'll get us ready to show you what you asked for" and they all laughed and cheered.
So Susie was the first to flash the guys and my god, did they make some noise when she positioned herself in the opening for all to see. She has a great body, I mean beautiful. Large full breasts, C-cup, nipples high on them and a trim shape with a beautiful round bum. I think she has probably the best body of all of us, classically proportioned. They would've gone nuts if they could've seen the whole package, but they seemed happy enough with her pussy.
She wasn't there 10 seconds when her eyes opened wide and she mouthed that someone was touching her, but she didn't move either, at least not for the next couple of minutes anyway. She laid her head on her arms and closed her eyes letting the guys check her out.
We all were quiet so the guys wouldn't figure out by our voices which girl was flashing. We watched as her face flushed and her breathing quickened. The guys were kinda quiet too; I wondered what was going on. Finally, she moved away from the opening and we all went out to the living room again to talk.
Her eyes were sparkling and her nipples were all twisted up hard. "So..." I whispered, "who do you think touched you"? "I think they all did and more... you'll see" she grinned with wide eyes, "oh my god, I'm all squishy now!!!" she put her hand over her mouth to quiet the giggle that was bubbling up. We went back out into the kitchen Rachel yelled over to the guys, "ok your turn, let's see it boys".
We heard them laughing and a moment later a dick came peeking through the hole. We all gathered around to look at it and Susie put her hand down and gripped it. "No, no... the whole thing, we want the balls too" Rachel shouted, laughing. "I can't get them through the plastic" Bobby called and we all started laughing, he was too drunk to realize that he had just given himself away to us. Susie reached through the hole and cupped his sack and gently pulled it to our side of the plastic. She stroked his dick a few times while lightly scratching his balls. Not to be outdone, Rachel and Janine reached over and each stroked it a few times. I stayed back just watching the whole thing, I had played with his dick enough to be satisfied in watching my girlfriends having fun with it. I knew that there were going to be more to come and I'd get my share before the night was done.
I was close enough though that I could hear Bobby quietly groaning on the other side of the plastic. I grinned at the girls and whispered "Don't let him cum, he's getting pretty excited". They nodded their heads in agreement and tormented him until the head of Bobby's dick started to swell and turn purple. Then they let it go, his dick was twitching and bouncing like crazy, he was wicked close to blowing his top. "Ok we're done you can have it back" Rosie laughed and it was withdrawn back through to the other side with a frustrated groan.
It was quiet for few moments, then "Ok, next girl" they called. Janine was there and ready so she nervously kneeled on the futon and slid her bum over the hole revealing her pussy to the guys. Janine is the tallest of us all at about 5'10" with beautiful red hair, green eyes and a long, lean, feline shape, her breasts, a little larger than mine have a bit more droop in them than any of the rest of us girls. They still look pretty with small pink nipples and light colored areola. She was totally shaved and has a clit ring. That surprised me, I can't imagine wanting a ring badly enough there to deal with the pain of it.
Janine's chest was flushed a deep red in excitement. I watched her closely and saw a combination of trepidation and anticipation on her face. She bit her bottom lip as the guys started to explore her soft, pink folds. Susie, who was Janine's best friend, was right down by her head asking what they were doing. First it was the same thing, fingers and stroking her tight opening. Then she bit down on her arm to be quiet and I looked at the other girls. We were all mesmerized watching and wondering what was happening.
We could hear the guys laughing on the other side and clapping hands. It sounded like they were having fun over there. I could tell by the way she was breathing that something was definitely happening on the other side. Then Susie leaned closer and kissed her gently on the lips. Janine responded to the kisses and Susie emboldened, slid her small hands down under Janine and cupped her soft breasts as they continued to kiss. It really had a strange effect on me watching my 2 friends kissing like that. It made me hotter than ever.
My breathing or something must've given me away to Rachel because she touched my hand and asked if I was ok. I nodded with a smile and continued to watch. In no time at all, Janine went over the edge. Susie held her close, her face buried between her breasts as Janine's orgasm claimed her. We could hear the cheering on the other side. The guys knew that they had made her cum. I didn't know if they who it was that they made cum.
She finally rolled away and lay sprawled on her back on the futon catching her breath. I saw a tongue still in the opening before the guy moved out of view.
Susie was breathless and whispered with a small laugh that she had almost came too. When Janine had somewhat recovered, we all went back out into the living room like before. We asked what they had done and she said that they had been playing with her pussy, you know just fingering and stuff. Then someone started to kiss and then lick her pussy. While they were doing that, she said it felt like someone had slid something cold and hard into her while continuing to lick her pussy. They turned what ever it was round and round and it just drove her nuts. She said that whatever it was, it felt huge. When she started to cum, it felt like a couple of guys had gently stretched her pussy open while someone kept licking her clit and tugging on her ring with his teeth. They would've kept it up if she hadn't moved. We could still hear the guys laughing and talking in the addition when we went back into the kitchen.
Ok, you're next Susie yelled. A moment later another dick came through the opening, this one thicker with a smaller head on it than Bobbies. Susie walked over and leaned down as if to stroke or kiss the dick, but in one sweep, sucked it all the way in bobbing up and down on it for about 10 seconds, then stopped letting it fall from her mouth. Janine not to be outdone and still hot, reached down, stroked it a few times and then took it into her mouth sucking on it sensuously.
Rachel was watching all this and looked over at me and I motioned her over to it with a big smile. She hesitated for a moment then bent down and Janine slipped it out of her mouth and offered it to her. She took it into her mouth rolling her tongue all around it, then released it. She waved me over and Janine moved out of the way. I knelt down and when Rachel offered it. I took it into my mouth, bobbing up and down on it for a few strokes, then I let it slip out of my mouth and Rachel bent in close and we both started to run our tongues around and over it.
This was just so hot and I was dripping wet. Our tongues intertwined around and over this dick we were sharing and we could hear the guy groaning on the other side. Rachel had a lusty look in her eyes as we worked over the dick together. I ran my fingers under the balls and started to squeeze them tenderly as we teased this poor guy. When his dick started to twitch, we stopped and watched it bounce. The poor bastard was so close to cumming that I half expected him to blow his load all over us.
We stood up and moved away. Susie called that they could have it back now. It didn't move for a moment and then was pulled back to the other side.
I felt a hand on my back pushing me toward the futon and when I looked back. Rachel was laughing quietly as I got into postiion. She gave me thumbs up. I got on my knees and down on my arms pushing my butt high into the air. Then I pushed myself against the cold plastic. I was trembling; my pussy was on fire, wet and swollen open revealing my pink inner self. I could feel pulses coursing through my body and pussy.
It didn't take long, I heard a cheer go up and a moment later, I felt the gentle fingers pulling my pussy even more open to the view of the guys. I bit my arm as a moan tried to escape my lips. Another hand pulled the other side open and now they could see deep into my wet tunnel. While they held me open, another finger pushed deep into my pussy. I squeezed the finger with my pussy and I swear I could hear a moan from the other side of the plastic. He pulled his finger back out of me and then plunged it back in deeply and then repeated it faster and faster. I could hear the wet sounds of his hand smacking against me as he plunged in again and again.
Then it all stopped and nobody was touching me for a moment, then a hot tongue was on me, licking my opening. Less than a minute later it was replaced by another and then another. I was breathing hard and whining quietly as they played with me, I was building to an orgasm. I bit down on my arm as they played with me on the other side of the plastic.
It drove me wild wondering who was doing what. Rachel knelt down in front of me and took my head in her hands; she kissed me on the lips like Susie had done with Janine. It was so soft and sweet. The combination of the fourth tongue touching my clit and Rachel's soft kisses sent me over the edge, I came. I buried my tongue in Rachel's mouth and moaned my pleasure into her as the spasms wracked my body. I didn't want to reveal myself by being too loud but I just couldn't help it.
Rachel pushed my head down to her breasts and offered me a nipple. I sucked the whole end of her breast into my mouth feeling the soft nipple against the back of my mouth, using it too muffle my moans of pleasure.
Even as the orgasm was wracking through my body, I could hear the guys exclaiming in wonder at my pussy spasms, I can't control that, when I have orgasm, it contracts and releases very strongly and if you're watching it, you'd see it open up and then close down again as the convulsions worked the muscles of my body.
As I was recovering from my orgasm and still enjoying the charms offered by Rachel, I could feel the hands on my pussy again. In the background I heard a male voice whisper, "what do you think", and then a voice that was clearly Bobbie's whispering to go for it.
In that instant I knew that guys knew it was me in the opening. I was stunned that Bobby had revealed me, when I felt a familiar pressure and a moment later a dick slowly slid into me. Almost involuntarily, I pushed back onto it. It felt absolutely delicious and I decided then and there that I wasn't going to stop. I'd let them do whatever they wanted to do. He entered me very, very slowly until he was buried and then just as slowly pulled it back out again.
He continued like this for a minute or two before I pulled a bit away from the plastic while he was deep inside of me. The girls could clearly see what was happening and looked both shocked and envious. I pushed back against the plastic again. And he continued for a few more agonizing slow strokes before he pulled out of me. I could hear him panting on the other side of the plastic.
Moments later a different, thicker one replaced it and he started in fast and hard. Now there was no mistaking the wet slapping sounds as he pounded into me. I loved it and could feel another orgasm slowly starting to build. Rachel pulled her breast from my mouth and bent back down to kiss me again.
This was just too much, getting fucked by an unseen man and being kissed by one of my best friends. I was moaning loudly now as she kissed me. Then she climbed onto the futon in front of me. She positioned herself so that her pussy was right in front of me. She put her hands on the sides of my face and drew me down to her musky warmth. I was totally caught up in everything that was happening to me. Susie and Janine were watching us intently as I allowed her to direct me to her pussy. She used two fingers to pull the hood back exposing her clitoris. I looked up at her with eyes full of lust and her eyes were on fire too. We could all hear the wet smacking of the screwing I was getting at the other end. I took my first tentative lick and then was lost to it.
I just went crazy I guess, I licked her pussy like I love to have mine done, wild with no mercy at all. I was moaning, she was moaning and I swear that Susie, Janine and Rosie were all caught up in this too. I could feel hands rubbing my back and breasts and then while all this was going on. The guy inside of me blew his load, he pulled out just before he did and his dick was on our side of the plastic. The gooey hot streams landed on my back and a moment later, I heard loud sucking noises. I figured that one of the girls was sucking his dick clean. I didn't look; I was busy with what I had in front of me. Rachel was playing with her clit while I sucked nibbled on her outer lips, then she opened herself up again and I wrapped my tongue around her swollen clit.
I was still busy with her, when I felt another dick at my entrance and then it slid in. I stopped what I was doing with Rachel to concentrate on this new man. He felt great, but he only lasted about 10 strokes before he pulled out panting, I don't think he came, but he was close. I could feel him throbbing at the entrance of my pussy before he pulled completely out. In what seemed like seconds another one entered me and I knew instinctively that this was Bob. I couldn't really tell you how I knew, just that I did, maybe it was the rhythm of something, I'm not sure, but it was him certainly. He just pounded away at my pussy, driving hard just like I like it and I started to moan even more loudly. I felt hands grab my ass through the plastic. He pulled me to him as he slammed into me.
I couldn't take it, I went nuts on Rachel's poor pussy licking, biting and sucking all at the same time. She started to shudder and when she arched her back in orgasm, I lost it too and came. I screamed out as the orgasm shot through my body. My orgasm sent Bobby over the edge and he pulled out like the previous guy did, shooting his hot seed onto my back. Again I felt someone's weight on my back and heard the slurping sound and a dick being sucked hard.
As the spasms passed I rested my head in Rachel's lap and she ran her fingers through my hair while both of our breathing calmed. When the hands released my butt and I felt the weight lift off my back, I rolled away from the hole and lay there staring up at the ceiling waiting for strength to come back to my shaking legs.
As I way there, another dick came sliding through the plastic and there was more hand clapping on the other side. Janine and Susie went to town on it. I lay there watching as they blew him like a couple of experts. He couldn't take it, they were really giving him a fantastic blowjob when he tried to pull it back. But they wouldn't let go of it, Jimmy's voice came through the plastic begging them to let him go, he didn't want to come yet, but they had no mercy on him and a moment later, he groaned as he shot his hot load down Janine's throat. Susie was lying on her back as she sucked his balls while he blew his load.
When they were finally done, they released his dick. He pulled back and the guys called for the another girl. It was Rachel's turn and she was ready. I didn't know if she knew, but I figured based on my own experience that as soon as she put her pussy up there, Jimmy would tell them exactly who they were looking at and then she would get a workout.
She was by far the prettiest of us all. She's about 5'2", white blond hair, blue eyes and the sweetest face. She had done some modeling before she got married. Her breasts are probably a large B-cup but are firm with absolutely no sag to them at all, her nipples are like large pencil erasers mounted high on her milky white globes, they are dark and when they get hard they twist up the whole areola into her erect nipple. She has a nicely trimmed blond bush with little hairs that curl around her pussy, very sexy indeed. A living angel is the only way to describe her. I'm infatuated with her, can you tell? LOL
She wanted to tease the guys for a moment and leaned over to whisper her plan to me. I nodded my head in agreement and she leaned down putting a breast into the hole. The guys immediately started to tweak and play with her nipple. I leaned down close to the hole and could see around the edge a little bit. I saw someone rub his dick against her nipple and the other guys laughed.
She pulled back a little bit and turned her body to the side. I opened my mouth just outside of the opening and flicked my tongue out at her hard nipple. The guys went nuts... "more, more, more" they cheered from the other side and not caring if they saw who I was or not, I sucked her nipple into my mouth for a second and then holding it in my teeth pulled on it stretching it out. Then I released it. Her breast bounced a little as I let it go. Rachel oblivious to them recognizing her bent down and gave me a deep kiss in full view of the hole and the guys.
After the kiss, Rachel got up on her knees and positioned herself in front of the hole and leaned back giving them her pussy. There was no question that they knew exactly who it was they were looking at and the guys went appropriately wild over it. I wondered how Jimmy felt about having his new wife putting her tender pussy out for whatever use his friends might have for it. It didn't take long to find out. This must be a major guy fantasy turning on his friends to his wife or girlfriend, because we all heard Jimmy drunkenly tell them to have at it; "that my friends", he slurred "is one of the tastiest pussies on this side of the Mississippi". Rachel looked up at me knowing that her cover had been blown, but didn't seem to care about it.
We were all so worked up by this point that I don't think we would've said anything if the guys just came over to our side and took turns with us all.
It started off the same way with her, the guys spent a couple of minutes playing with her tight pussy, it's what I've heard guys refer to as a peach pussy. What I mean is that it looks like a little girls, there are no prominent lips or anything. You have to open it up to see the details. Apparently the guys were doing just that as she moaned quietly. She let out a quiet little cry as the first tongue caressed her clit. She was getting so worked up by what the guys were doing to her. I'm sure part of it was the mystery of who exactly was doing what.
Finally came, the sound that I knew was inevitable, the groan of pleasure as the first man slid deep into her. I could see her ass start to bounce with the force of the screwing she was getting. I got down on my knees in front of her and combed her hair with my fingers as she got into the rhythm of the sex. She started to moan quietly and took my hands leading them to her breasts. She squeezed my hands over them.
It was so sensual... I never thought that I would enjoy being with a women so much. It was all softness and I guess intuition in a way. What they say about knowing exactly what another woman wants or needs is absolutely true or at least seemed to be as far as Rachel and I were concerned. It was almost as if she could read my mind when she started to softly kiss me. My head was whirling, what with the sex, the drinking and now this.
One of best friends was seducing me in front of her other friends and they seemed totally cool about it. I didn't know what to think and then she whispered for me to lie down in front of her. I looked deep into her eyes and she was totally lost in the lust of the moment. Her hips were moving to the screwing she was getting from behind and she was moaning her pleasure loudly. If there had been any confusion with the guys about whose pussy they were enjoying, it was over now. She was really into it. I lay back on the futon in front of her offering myself to her tongue.
My legs were trembling. Susie, Janine and Rosie were watching as she lowered herself to my raging hot pussy and gently started to plant kisses on me. It was just so, so wild... she was out of control herself as the guys took turns fucking her soft pussy and she'd alternately attack me, then after a wave of orgasm, she'd settle down into the most sensual attention a women could ever hope for.
She kept me on edge for so long... I'd be just ready to orgasm and she'd stop... I was begging her to make me come and she'd just get lost in the screwing for a little while, laying her head in my lap as she focused on what the guys were doing to her. Just when I thought she had forgotten me, she'd kiss my clit again and slowly get me back up to quivering, panting, moaning agony and then stop.
Every time she did, it was more intense, I was in agony, I needed release so badly. It would only take a couple of strokes of her tongue to set fire to my engorged pussy. It was throbbing and I couldn't think clearly. She'd stop and I'd almost pass out from hyperventilating. It was wild. I couldn't think; I was all sensation. I was waiting for the final moment when I would go over the edge in what I knew would be a mind blowing orgasm.
I could hear the groans and moans around me but it had no idea of anything else going on other than what Rachel was making happen. I'd never been so sexually high or charged before. Finally she just attacked my pussy and the orgasm when it came, was so overpowering that it was painful. My belly rippled as I screamed out my pleasure. It was so intense that I hyperventilated and passed out for a few seconds as orgasm ravaged my body. I could still my entire body convulsing as she continued to attack my quivering pussy. I came and then came again in wave after wave.
I was totally in the moment, I didn't know where I was, my legs spread wide, Rachel was still going down on me like a madwomen. I opened my eyes again and could see her ass bouncing as she was getting pounded. It must've been driving the guys crazy to hear us screaming out our orgasms. I looked over and Susie and Janine were next to Rachel, getting the bejesus screwed out of them as well. They were moaning and crying as dicks thrust deeply into their tender, hot pussies.
Rosie was on her knees sucking another dick through a another new hole in the plastic wall. As far as I knew she hadn't been fucked yet, but must've got caught up in everything. She small, about my size but with a young girls body, She has almost no breasts at all and small little pink nipples just seem to poke out of her chest. I've heard her complain that she's too small to really enjoy sex, but she seemed to enjoy sucking on that dick just fine. The thing that surprised me though was that it was black.
I didn't dwell on that for long though, I could feel another orgasm taking me. When I looked up, I saw a guy's face in a new opening cut above us. It wasn't one of the guys that had been part of the original five. He was the guy who got me high earlier in the day. I was twisting my nipples and the sight of this guy watching me, seeing Rachel's head buried in my red, ravaged pussy sent me over the edge, my eyes locked on his as I screamed out my pleasure again and again. Rachel must've come at about the same time, because she finally relented and lifted her head away leaving me exposed to the eyes above.
My pussy must've looked like raw meat. I could feel the contractions pulsing through me as I tried to catch my breath. Rachel was still getting fucked, I sat up I saw the new guy had cut another large hole in the plastic on the other side of Rachel and slid his throbbing dick through it. It was twitching up and down, he was really excited. I got up on my hands and knees and moved over to the opening. As satisfied as I was, I wanted more. I wanted to feel another hard dick invade my depths. The new opening was so large that my whole ass was visible and as soon as I moved against the opening, he buried himself to the hilt. I caught my breath at the sudden fullness I felt and then he started to move.
I could hear moans all around me and my voice joined theirs as I got royally screwed. Hands reached in and grabbed my hips and pounded me hard. It only seemed to last a short time before I heard the groans and suddenly hot cum was flooding my pussy, he continued to pound at me until he started to go soft. I heard someone telling him to get out of the way and then I felt someone else grab my hips and then a pressure at my tender, hot opening. He pushed into me and it was bigger than anything I had felt so far that night and maybe ever before. This guy was huge and he pushed slowly, relentlessly, into me.
I had never been so stretched before; I don't know if I could've handled it if I hadn't been so thoroughly fucked already. I give him credit though, he didn't rush it and let me accommodate his girth and length. When he was finally buried in my pussy, he stopped for a moment leaving me impaled. My pussy was contracting against this invasion.
It was almost as if the world had stopped for a moment, in perfect clarity, I heard him tell someone how incredibly tight I was, but that I had taken all of him. "I've wanted to fuck her ever since I saw her on the pussy tape. Now I fucking the shit out of them all...this is so fucking cool". Other guys laughed and then he started to move. He pulled me toward him so that my ass was sticking out into the other room.
He reached forward and grabbed my tits and started to mash them, rolling my nipples between his huge fingers. It was so intense that it wasn't long before I was fighting off another orgasm, I was getting weak, but when I started to come, he couldn't handle it. He started to really pound me and I met his ever stroke as my pussy crushed his dick with the strength of my orgasm, he groaned and tried to slow me down, but I kept pushing at him forcing him to lose control and blow his load. He crushed my nipples as he came and I screamed out in pain and pleasure as he pounded his orgasm into me. I milked his every contraction until I felt him lose his iron and slide out of me with a groan.
I lay down on my arms, my ass still in the other room. There was no rest, another hard dick slid into my swollen, throbbing pussy. I was starting to get sore from all the attention. This guy seemed small compared to the other who had just used me.
He fucked me for a couple of minutes then he pulled out my pussy and before I could stop it, he positioned his slick dick at my back opening and pushed into my tight butt. I groaned as he slowly slid it all the way home. I looked back to see who this was and saw that it was a black guy who I had seen around earlier at the party. He picked up speed and soon was hammering away at my tender ass. He tried to stop when he felt his orgasm approaching, but I did the same thing to him that I did with the earlier guy and continued to move on him and before he could stop it, he pulled out and shot stream after stream of his hot juices onto my back.
When he calmed down, he tried to slip back into my pussy, but I wasn't having any of that. He was done and I was done, I rolled over onto my side spent. I looked over at Rachel and she was already lying on her back, arms over her face trying to catch her breath.
The other 3 girls were still going strong. I wasn't surprised to see the plastic wall practically gone and Rosie was lying on her back on the floor blowing one guy while getting the bejesus fucked out of her by another. Her tight pussy was getting a workout tonight for sure.
Suzy and Janine both were getting screwed doggie style next to us on the futon. They seemed to be in another world. I could clearly see in the other room and there had to be a dozen or more guys in there drinking and waiting to take their turns with us.
I rolled over onto my back next to Rachel and tried to get my racing heart to slow down; it was pounding away like a freight train out of control. I heard someone saying something and when I opened my eyes, there were a couple of guys checking us out through the cuts in the plastic. Light fell on our bodies in such a way to highlight our most intimate parts. I wondered where these guys came from; they weren't part of the original group. I rolled over and whispered to Rachel that we should get out of here if we didn't want to entertain still more hard dicks.
She opened her eyes and saw the new additions. "Shit, no way... I'm worn out" she said as she rolled off the couch setting her feet on the floor. I got up too and we made our way upstairs to the bedrooms. I told her that I needed to run a bath to get cleaned up before I crashed and she agreed.
We ran a hot bath and each took a quick bath, I cleaned myself inside and out. I felt raw from all the sex tonight. I was falling asleep while still in the tub. Rachel washed my back and I did hers before finally drying off and heading off to our separate bedrooms.
The next morning I awoke to the feeling of a soft body sliding into bed with me. I opened my eyes, looked over my shoulder and saw Rachel curling up against my back. I knew that the guys were planning on playing golf this morning. I figured that they must've gone and so Rachel decided to join me. It felt good when she slid an arm over me and started to softly rub my belly. I could smell the clean scent of her hair on the pillow next to me and I cozied myself deeper into the warmth and comfort of the blankets and my friend.
"How are you doing" she quietly whispered.
"Ummmm, better now..." I whispered back "I'm afraid to open my eyes though, I don't want to feel the hangover."
She laughed, "don't worry, I feel pretty good considering all, I think we worked all the alcohol out of our systems last night."
"Ohhh yeah... you're probably right, then I'm wondering how sore I'll be this morning, that really got out of control last night".
"Yeah it sure did, can you believe it. I heard them still up and at the other girls when I went down to the kitchen for some water after our bath."
"I wonder how Steve is feeling about Janine having sex with the guys last night, hell I wonder what all the guys are thinking".
"I don't know about the others but Jimmy gave me a big kiss this morning before heading off to play golf. I'm kinda surprised that he would get off on something like that, but I guess he got to have sex with 4 other women last night too, so he doesn't have much to say. How about Bobby, any problems there?"
"Oh no, I don't think so, he really gets off on other guys seeing me naked" and then I told her about a time on the boat when where he let 2 strangers fuck me when they thought I was passed out.
"That's a little sick on his part, don't you think she asked".
I nodded smiling... "that's my Bobby for you. The stories I could tell you."
"Did you know what happened last night Jenn?"
"what do you mean?" I asked.
"It wasn't just the 5 guys who had sex with us, I overheard Bobby and Jimmy talking this morning downstairs while having a beer. It turns out that there were 7 or 8 other guys out partying behind the pool by the fireplace. They were getting ready to leave, when they were walking by the porch they heard the shouts and laughing.
They looked in and saw Bobby just getting ready to slide his dick into the wall. I guess they snuck over to see what he was sticking his dick into. They looked through the kitchen window and saw us all bareass and figured out what was going on.
It turns out it was me that Bobby was screwing and when they saw Bobby and Ralph switch places , they figured it was a free for all and crashed the party. The guys were all so hammered that they just figured the more the merrier and let them join in a gangbang. That's when things really got out of control I guess."
She was quiet for a few minutes. "I don't even know how many guys fucked me last night, I think probably all of them did though. God I hope they don't go talking about this, I'll be so embarrassed, I know all these guys."
I didn't have anything to say to that, I was going to be going home tomorrow and wouldn't have to deal with the messy repercussions. I lay there quietly for awhile thinking about what she had said.
Rachel started to quietly talk again, "Jenn this feels to good to be lying next to you again like this, I've really missed you, you know. I was so upset when you moved, lying in bed like this and talking together are some of my best memories."
I smiled and said that it was for me too. "Remember the time your mother came in while we were sleeping butt naked though, my god I thought she was going to have a heart attack" I laughed.
Rachel laughed too, "yeah it's funny for you, but you didn't get the 3rd degree from her later and she lightly slapped my shoulder. I almost died when she asked if I was a lesbian, I wasn't even sure what a lesbian was or if I was one".
I giggled, we never did anything, so there's no way that you could've been gay Rachel. She didn't say anything for few moments and then said... "but I wanted to Jenn, I was just afraid that you would get upset and we wouldn't be friends anymore. I rolled over to face her in bed and could see tears welling up in her eyes.
I hugged her to me, "oh Rachel... I would never not want to be your friend you silly thing. I love you too. You should've talked to me about it; I would've just gone for it with you, we did everything together... remember."
"I know, I know... but you really seemed to be into guys so much that I thought the idea of another girl finding you attractive would've grossed you out, and I didn't want to see that look on your face". I looked her in the eyes and told her that nothing she could ever do would gross me out. She was far too good a friend for that and far too beautiful.
She looked at me with a smile and tears dripping from her beautiful cheeks. I leaned up and lightly kissed the tears from her cheeks and then I softly kissed her lips, she closed her eyes and hugged me closer to her as she wept. I couldn't believe how upset she was and I kissed her again rubbing her back and hugging her to me trying to comfort her.
This must've been bothering her for a long time and I felt bad that I hadn't realized that she had those kind of feelings for me. I kept rubbing her back as she calmed down, rubbing the tension out of her tight muscles. She was gently rubbing my back as well. When her hand slipped down to caress my bum, I kissed again and this time she responded by opening her mouth. It was the sweetest, most beautiful kiss in my entire life, unlike anything else I had ever experienced. We kissed like that for a long time before beginning to leisurely explore each other's bodies. By this time, we were both breathing hard and pretty worked up. Our nipples had been rubbing, and she had slipped a leg between my thighs and was rubbing my pussy. She rolled me over so that I was lying on my back.
"Are you sure you want to do this she asked me breathlessly."
"Yes" I breathed and pulled her head to my breast and she started to suckle. It was so soft and gentle; there was none of the rush to action that seems to happen sometimes with guys. She just slowly suckled one nipple then the other lavishing attention on me. When I tried to swap places with her, she whispered "No, let me enjoy this, I've fantasized for years about doing this with you."
I lay back, totally passive and let her do whatever she wanted and it was delicious. She slowly planted kissed from my breasts down to my pussy and lightly kissed all around it until I couldn't take the teasing any longer and pulled her head to me. She chuckled throatily and I almost came with the first tentative strokes of her tongue against my enflamed sex. She kept me on the edge for what seemed like forever.
I had thought that it was just one of those accidental things the night before, but it turns out that she knew exactly what she was doing. This wasn't her first time with a woman, she was just too good, better than any guy who ever went down on me. It was incredible, just as I was about to go over, she'd slow down, moving away from my clit, sometimes my whole pussy. She'd kiss the tender skin on my inner thighs or move up to lightly kiss my nipples or even my mouth.
I totally surrendered to what she was doing to my body. I was in ecstasy, just waiting for the release. Finally, she gave me the sweet gift and I came just as hard as I did the night before when she had gone down on me. My belly rippled and my pussy felt like it was snapping closed with the force of a bear trap as the orgasm made me completely lose control of myself, I screamed in my pleasure and she continued to work on me. I don't know how she did it, but it seemed like I would just start to come down and I'd go over in a fresh series of waves, it went on and on until I was just too worn out and breathless to take anymore. I pushed her head away. "No more, no more" I begged, "I can't take it".
I couldn't get my breath for a moment and felt like I was going to pass out again. I was light headed and the room was spinning around. I lay there on the bed naked in the morning sun recovering my equilibrium. Rachel had her chin resting my belly and was just watching me with a smile on her face.
"Earth to Jenn, earth to Jenn" she smiled.
"Oh my god, I choked out... Rachel that was so incredible, how did you do that"?
She just smiled and I pulled her up to me hugging and kissing her. She was beaming... "did you really enjoy it" she asked tentatively...
"Oh my god Rachel, that was so intense I almost passed out... it felt like I died and went to heaven". I kissed her again and rolled her first onto her side and then onto her back.
When I started to move down her body, she stopped me. "You don't have to Jenn, it's ok..."
"I know I don't have to Rache, I want to" and she moaned as I took one of her turgid nipples into my mouth. She has such a sweet body that it really was a pleasure to be with her. I swear she had a small orgasm from me just kissing and suckling her beautiful breasts. She had her hands on my head then twirled in my hair as I moved down her body. I kissed and bit my way down to her belly button and then further down to her mound. She was soaking wet and wide open; her pussy was bright red from her excitement.
I did the same thing as she did, staying away from direct contact with her pussy, I kissed all around it and let my tongue drag along her skin toward her pussy only to lift it just before touching the prize. She was moaning her pleasure and trying to force my head to her when I would get close. Her hips were gyrating wildly and it was getting more and more difficult to not touch her. I lifted my head slightly and started to blow on her distended lips and she lifted her hips right to my mouth and pulled my head into her. She arched her back as I made contact and ran my tongue slowly up her open sex until I touched her clit. She arched her back even more and came... and came... and came.
It was just incredible, I made it a point to not do anything but blow on her convulsing sex and that seemed to send to new heights. I could see deep into her as the orgasm convulsed through her. Now I knew how I must look when I orgasm.
As she calmed down, I nibbled on an outer lips pulling it gently with my tongue and that seemed to send her over the edge again and again until... too weak to resist, she dropped her arms to her side and groaned out her pleasure as I sent her over for a last time.
As she quieted down, I moved up to her and embraced her lying side by side on the rumpled bed. I kissed her and I could taste myself on her lips as I'm sure she could taste herself on mine. We held each other while we both calmed down from our adventure.
After we returned to normal, we finally got out of bed and went into the shower together. We cleaned each other laughing like school girls on a first adventure which is probably just what it was for us. Finally we got dressed and went down to make breakfast and wait for the guys.