You decided one night that we were going to go out on the town. Dinner and a little something extra, but you wouldn't tell me what.
You told me to dress up but not to wear a necklace, so I do. My red silky, slinky, dress, my hair up, my only pair of high heels, dangling earrings, a few rings, my Pandora bracelet, makeup, the whole nine yards. It is already dark when you come to pick me up, dressed up as well.
You tell me to go and get my remote controlled beads, put them in, and make sure it is connected to the remote control. When I get back you just hold out your hand and I give you the remote.
Then you take me in your arms and kiss me, leaning over me, one hand pulling me close to you, the other trailing over my face to my throat where you put just a tad bit of pressure, leaving me moaning into your mouth. You pull back slowly, smile, grab my hand and out the door we go.
You open the passenger door and I slip in. We chat on the way to dinner. Once we get there we wait just a bit to be seated. We sit down, and they bring the menus. After a few moments you ask what dishes I'm thinking about getting. When the waitress gets back you give your order then, based on the dishes I mentioned, order for me.
We have a wonderful meal, talk about this and that. We take our time, I wind up ordering a drink, and we enjoy each other's company. After dinner you take us to one of the local dungeons, 1763. When we leave the car I see you pocket something, but when I ask you just tell me 'all in good time,' and motion inside.
We go inside and get all the paperwork completed. As soon as we enter the dungeon floor you turn on the remote vibe, and holding hands, we walk around looking at the various equipment they have and the few people that are already playing.
The lights are dim, the music is pulsing, and there are various people all around. There is a scene with a girl wrapped in cellophane being cropped on both front and back sitting astride a spanking bench, another girl on a St. Andrews cross with a man using a flogger on her front.
I can feel the vibrations from the beads inside me. I stop to watch the flogging and you step behind me. All of a sudden you pull my hands behind me, and I feel silk wrap around my wrists. My eyes close as I lean back into you, sighing. I don't see the second ribbon of red silk that comes around and I open my eyes as I feel it wrapping around my neck. You pass the silk between my wrists from my neck and I shiver as I feel your fingers brushing against my neck around the ribbon.
Slowly I become aware again as the girl starts crying out, her body arching towards the flogger. I watch spellbound, you leaning against my back, hands stroking up and down my arms, as the man flogging her brings her closer and closer to an orgasm.
Just as she reaches her orgasm I feel your hands dip inside my dress to squeeze my breasts and I gasp as you fondle me, unable to tear my eyes away from the girl writhing on the cross. As she comes down from her orgasm, you lead me away; my head turned to watch a little as the man gently brings the girl down, holding her once she is free.
I realized that the scene had only taken a little bit more than a half hour, and the night is still so very young. There are more people milling around now, some submissive, some definitely dominants, and some dominants leading their submissive by a leashed collar (yummy!.)
We go over to another scene, this one is a female dominant and male submissive. While we watch you turn up the vibe. He is in a frilly pink dress, pantyhose, and heels, bent over a spanking bench with the dress pushed over his ass. His wrists and ankles were attached to the bench, as was his pink collar, so he was unable to move much.
She was spanking him with a paddle, once, then rubbing the paddle all over his ass, watching him tense up as she pulled back for another hit, just to tease him again before the real hit came.
Your hands are on my shoulders, then wondering down over my collarbone, going all the way to the edge of the dress, brushing against the swell of my breasts, then back up, as we watch the scene unfold. When she changes his position from the bench to a cross we meander away, watching others play.
Every once in a while you lean down to kiss me. You play with the vibrator all night, switching intensity, switching the tempo, always guiding me around with your hand at my back.
After a bit you gently lead me back outside, push me up against the car and lean down to roughly kiss me, possessing me with your mouth. You untie my wrists, but leave the silk ribbon around my neck, as we get in the car and end up at my place, which is empty for the night.
As soon as the door closes you push me up against the wall, hike my dress up in your hands, force your knee between my legs, then grasp my hands in yours and force them above my head and kiss me until I am just a puddle of nerves. You turn the ribbon around on my neck and lead me up the stairs by the strands.
In the bedroom you pull my breasts out of my dress, tell me to get up on the bed, and once I am there on my knees (kneeling away from you) you push my dress up above my hips and remove (the now dead) vibe. You tell me not to move a muscle and then you leave the room, going to my wall of fun to pick out your toys for tonight.
Coming back in the room I start to turn my head, but you snap out 'Eyes down slave,' and I immediately look back down, failing to see what you had picked out. Soon I hear a thud, followed by a sting on my ass and I know you have the small purple flogger in play.
I sigh as you play with me, running it up and down my back. Then I feel your fingers at my back and I hear my zipper being lowered, my back coming into view as you push the sides of the dress apart. Again and again you use the small flogger, and I love every second.
Then I hear a sharp crack and I jump at the pain in surprise, almost turning my head before remembering not to.
'Good little pet,' I hear you croon to me, and I sigh happily, glad to have pleased you. You use the paddle again and again, varying the intensity, rubbing my ass gently after each hit, until I am so turned on I can't see straight and my ass is a bright red.
Then you stop. I am a panting, shivering, turned on mess, my hair is messed up, my dress half on, half off, my ass red, straining to hear anything.
I can feel you on the bed now beside me, but I can't tell what you are doing, what is going on, and I know better than to turn my head. One of your hands strokes my back, my ass, tugs on the ribbon a little bit.
Then suddenly you force my rabbit into my soaking wet pussy, pushing it in as far as it would go, and I gasp as it penetrates me. You don't move it at first, just keep stroking my body as it sits inside me. You turn it on, and with one hand pressing on my neck, forcing my face to turn sideways away from you and into the mattress, the other starts to fuck me with my own vibrator, in and out, and as aroused as I am I cum suddenly, crying out my orgasm.
But you don't stop, pressing down as I struggle as I am so very sensitive, begging you to stop, but you keep going and soon I can feel another one.
'Cum again for me pet,' you command, and I do, my body shaking as a second one comes, much too close to the first one.
'Good slave,' you croon, as I turn my face to you and rest my head on your knee, finding out you are naked. You pull the vibe away from my sensitive pussy, and brush the hair from my eyes, my makeup smeared.
You smile at me as I nuzzle your hardening cock, 'Please Sir, may I please suck your cock?' I beg.
'Not yet pet,' and you get off the bed. I whimper in need, wanting so bad to feel you inside my mouth.
'I want you to come one more time,' you say, and you reinsert the vibrator. 'This time I want you to tell me when you are about to cum my pet.'
'Yes Sir,' I reply and turn my head back to the front, and get back on my hands and knees.
You play my body like an instrument, fast thrusts, slow ones, then I feel your fingers circling around my clit and my body shivers as I get closer and closer to an orgasm.
'Please Sir, I am getting so close!' I cry out. You keep going for a few more moments, then suddenly you pull the vibrator out, and before I can even protest, I feel you enter my soaking wet pussy. I immediately clamp down, trying to be as tight as possible for you, even as I feel my own orgasm approaching.
Thrusting inside me you slap my still red ass, and say 'Come NOW slave,' and I cry out as I orgasm, lost in the pleasure you are giving to me, my pussy clenching and releasing around your hard cock. I feel you shoot your cum inside me, making me shiver as you pull me as close as possible to you, sinking every millimeter inside my wet, warm, tight, pussy.
After a moment you flop down on the bed. I pull the dress completely off of me, clean our combined juices off your cock, and cuddle beside you.
'Thank you so very, very much, for tonight Master,' I whisper, my eyes half closed.
I smile as I feel your hand brushing my hair, feel you kiss my head, 'You are very welcome my pet.'