It started very serendipitously. On a warm summer night in Delhi. I had returned home from a long day at work. I took a cold shower to wash away the day's worries. Got out of the shower, with a towel wrapped around me and went into my bedroom to get dressed for bed. My standard sleeping garb in summers was a loose t-shirt (no bra) and shorts (no panties). As I rummaged through the closet, I realized that I was out of all clean shirts and shorts. Work had been keeping me busy for a while, and the maid had taken a long leave, so my laundry was piled up in the hamper.
For a moment, I contemplated sleeping in the nude. After all my roommate Anagha the air-hostess was working on the flight to New York that night, and wasn't home. I had the apartment all to myself. But, as I would look back with irony later, at that moment I decided I didn't feel comfortable being naked, even in an empty apartment. Surely Anagha wouldn't mind if I borrowed her shorts and t-shirt. We were about the same size, although her boobs were slightly smaller than mine. And with both of us in our mid-20s, we wore similar stuff too. I didn't feel it would be polite to rummage through her closet, so decided to check the clothesline in the balcony. Unlike me, Anagha had been washing her clothes regularly, so she might have something I could use out there.
So with the towel wrapped around my body, I stepped out into the balcony. And just my luck. It was completely empty. Anagha, ever the organized one, had probably put all her clothes away before leaving. I was about to turn around and go back inside when BANG.... a loud sound of a car misfiring down the street. It was past midnight and had been really quiet that night, so the sudden loud bang, which instantly sounds like a gunshot, gave me a start and almost made me jump out of my skin.
That jump made my towel knot come undone. And I watched, as if in slow motion, as the towel unraveled and started falling down. I was late in reacting to grab it, and before I knew it, it had gone below my reach. What's worse is, it fell towards my left, where below the balcony ledge is a grill with bars I now realize have too much space between them. As I bent to grab the towel, I saw it slip through the gap in the bars, and down below.
I instinctively stood up and leaned over the side of the balcony to see the towel float down and land on a ledge. That's when it struck me. I was standing in the balcony bare-ass naked. My ample 34C boobs and my pussy were on full display. I froze for a few seconds, then gradually surveyed the surroundings to see if I had given someone an eyeful. There was no one in any balconies in my building. As it is, more than half the apartments in our newly built building were still unoccupied. There were no people on the road as far as I could see. No cars either except for the one that had misfired and it was a fair distance down the street. And across the road was the unlit half-constructed building which had been abandoned after the builder had gone bankrupt. On either side of the abandoned building were just empty lots. Oh, and since this was a new neighborhood on the outskirts of Delhi, the streetlights had not been installed on all streets yet. The street outside my balcony happened to be one of the dark ones with no lights.
I breathed a sigh of relief as I realized no one had seen me naked. That's when I heard the pounding.... of my heart, which was racing. And my mind finally rebooted and said to me "Umm... excuse me...Teju..... time to go inside?" I ran inside, bolted the balcony door shut and collapsed on the couch in relief. My heart was still racing and my face was flushed. And the rush felt good. I was relieved that no one had been around to see me naked. And even if someone had been around, let's face it, the odds were against anyone having seen me. I was up in an unlit balcony on the 6th floor of a building. And as long as the incident had seemed to stretch out, the time between the towel unraveling and my running inside had been no more than ten seconds.
After my breath and heartbeat returned to normal speed, I went to my bedroom. Decided, well there was really nothing wrong with sleeping in the nude with a robe by the bedside. Got my satin robe out of the closet, kept it on the nightstand, closed the door of my bedroom, and went to sleep. Well, tried to sleep. For some reason, my mind kept replaying on a loop, the nakedness incident. And I fondly remembered the rush I had felt. Tried to put it out of my mind and resolutely go to sleep. But after about twenty minutes of tossing and turning I sat up.
"I know what I need. I just need to wear something, go out into the balcony and stand there for a few minutes under normal circumstances. That will take the aura off the whole incident." I thought to myself.
I got up and put the robe on. Tied its sash very tightly to make sure it didn't meet the fate of the towel, in case some other car misfired. Walked out into the balcony and stood there. See, I said to myself, everything is fine. Everything is normal. There is nothing special about being here. I paced around the balcony for a little bit. Looked around some more. Yup, the whole world outside my window was definitely sound asleep. Hmm, that's that then. I should go inside. I should go inside. Hello? Am i listening to myself? I should go inside.
But for some reason I lingered in the balcony. As my mind contemplated the unthinkable, my heart started racing again and my breath got heavy. That rush was coming back. Should I do it? A strongly weakening part of me was saying, don't be crazy. It's stupid. It's risky. And most importantly, it's a dangerous slippery slope. The heavily dominant part was saying - when was the last time you felt such a rush? It's no big deal. Don't be a wuss. There's no one around, so it isn't really a risk.
After a few seconds, my hand went towards the sash. Fumbling due to the nervousness, and maybe because of the extra-tight way in which I had tied it, it took longer than usual to untie it. Finally, it was undone. The sides of my robe gently fell away from the front. Half of each breast was on display, as was all of my trimmed pussy. A few second passed like that, as I scanned the surroundings once more. No one around. No cars. Now was the big step.
In one rapid motion I took the robe off and held it in my right hand by my side. I clutched on to it hard, making sure it didn't slip down the balcony like the towel did. Gingerly walked around the balcony. This time I noticed a lot more than I had during the last incident. I noticed how my nipples were hard as stones. I noticed my pussy was slowly but surely moistening. There was no breeze, but I could somehow feel the outside air all over my body. And I noticed how I got goosebumps. I turned around and bent over, displaying my ass to the sleeping world. It felt good!
And then I heard the sound of a car's engine in the distance. Instinctively, I ran inside and shut the balcony door. The heart was pounding faster than ever. Almost as if on auto-pilot I crashed on the couch and started fingering myself. I closed my eyes and replayed my naked moments in my head. Thought about the risk of being seen by someone. Thought about how it had felt to be out there naked. And within a minute, I was having a strong orgasm.... stronger than I usually did while masturbating. I lay there for a few minutes, spent, as my heartbeat came back to normal. And I didn't realize when I fell asleep on the couch.
I woke up with a start some time later. Couldn't remember what woke me up, but I thought it must have been some dream. I sat up on the couch in the darkness. The incidents on the balcony came back to me in a flash. Had they really happened? Or was all that a dream, I wondered. I noticed I was still naked. The robe was on the couch next to me. So I had really done it. What was wrong with me? I had a good job, a good life, and although I wasn't dating anyone currently, a fairly active and satisfying sex life. What's making me take these risks for an orgasm, I asked myself, when all I have to do is go out with one of the many good looking guys at work or at the gym who are clearly interested in me. I had never in the past wanted to flash myself or expose myself to anyone. I had never been an exhibitionist and never craved the audience. Why did I take the risk then?
That's when it hit me. The epiphany. It wasn't just about getting off. And it wasn't at all about exposing my naked body to an audience. I didn't want that. In fact I wanted to avoid that. It was about the risk of being seen and the rush arising from it, especially from not wanting to be seen. Just like bungee jumping or sky diving isn't about hitting the ground at tremendous speed, but precisely about getting the rush from the risk of hitting the ground.
And I had been a regular bungee jumper and a skydiver. And I would regularly go whitewater rafting, rock-climbing and mountain-biking on the weekends. This was like an adventure sport. That epiphany was so exhilarating that I started laughing like a crazy person. The self-doubt, the mild self-loathing, and the feeling of "what's wrong with me?" was gone. And I was filled with excitement and a sense of possibility.
I got up and peered at the clock. It was a little before 3 a.m. Perfect timing. I walked towards the balcony door again. Thought about taking the robe with me, but decided against it. It was time to step it up a notch. I had started breathing heavily already, I realized as I noticed my heaving boobs. Opened the balcony door, and stepped out. The familiar silence greeted me. This time I was a lot more relaxed. As I looked around at other unlit balconies in the distant wings of the building, I realized something. I could not see anything in them at all. Which meant that in turn, no one from the distant balconies could really see me. And I could see that the balconies close by were empty. More than half the apartments in the building were locked anyway. The street, as I mentioned had no streetlights on it yet, so it was quite dark with no moon out.
It was also very unlikely that someone in a passing car would be able to see me 6 floors up, and even if they could, pick me out from dozens of balconies. So I had been silly running inside at the sound of the car. This time I resolved to stay out there for longer. I stood there with my elbows on the balcony ledge. Also started squeezing and fondling my own boobs. Ran my hand over my ass and through the ass crack. Felt really naughty.
After about five minutes, an engine noise. Ah, let it come. In fact, I decided to go one better. I hitched myself up and sat on the balcony ledge, with my legs dangling inside. So not just my big boobs, but even my round bubble-shaped ass was on display. The headlights approached. It turned out to be a bus. Passed by. No honks or anything. I had been worried over nothing. This felt good. I got off the ledge and lay down on the balcony floor. Started masturbating. Got myself off in a couple of minutes.
That's when I heard some faint voices in the distance. Still lying on the floor, I peered through the bars. Two men were walking up the street some 200 yards away, talking with each other. As they started approaching, I thought hard about what to do. A passing car might not notice me, but no matter how dark it was and regardless of the fact that I was six floors high, men below my balcony might. Or they might not. Even if they do, can they see that I am naked? Can they see my face?
What the hell, I suddenly decided. This is what taking risks is all about. This is a calculated risk, and even if it goes wrong, well, let's see what happens. So I gently pulled myself up from the floor. Stood sideways, keeping an eye on the men as they approached. Their voices got louder, although not loud enough for me to understand what they were saying. I stood very still as they got closer. When they were just 25 yards away, my heart started racing. Had I made a huge mistake? Was this it?
As the men got closer, they suddenly went silent, much to my shock. Had they noticed me? I turned around to see. They weren't looking up in my direction, as far as I could tell. As they were right under the balcony, one of them looked up. The street was dark, so I could not see his face, but I could make out from the turn of the head that he had looked up. I froze. My heart was beating so rapidly, I feared the men could hear it. But they kept walking. The guy seemed to turn the head in the other direction to look up. Phew! It was just a coincidence he had looked up.
What an amazing rush that was. I had stood naked in my balcony as two men passed by under it. Granted, it was relatively low-risk, given the surroundings, but still, I felt a certain high. Just a few hours back, I had felt uncomfortable sleeping naked in my own bedroom in an empty apartment. How things can change in one night.
As I stood there, my appetite for this type of risk was whetted even more. I started thinking the unthinkable. The balcony had been "conquered" so to say. There were other parts of the building to go after. It was now close to 3:30 a.m. Everybody would be asleep. I decided to try some other things. And a small but elaborate plan formed in my head, which I decided to execute.
A few minutes later, I was wearing the robe and slowly opening the front door. I peeked outside. There were three other apartments on my floor, one adjacent to mine, and two opposite mine. The doors looked closed. Everything was silent. With the robe on, I flipped the lock of my open door, ensuring it did not shut, and stepped outside. I had the key to the door in a pocket of the robe. I looked at the elevator for a while, but then decided that stairs were the more cautious option.
I started walking down the stairs, taking very soft steps, so that no one inside their apartments, even if they were awake, would be able to hear someone walking outside. Walking very gingerly, I descended the stairs. It would normally have taken me just a minute or so to walk down to the first floor. But since I was going slow, looking around, observing and noting the surroundings, it took longer. After all, I had stepped out of the safe comfort zone of my apartment and was taking a much bigger risk.
I finally reached the ground floor, walking down past all the silent closed doors of the apartments. Before narrating any further, I should probably describe the building some more. It has eight floors with the ground floor being a stilted parking floor. The building has 6 such "wings", each wing with a staircase and elevator of its own containing four apartments on each floor. The six wings form somewhat of a hexagon, with adjacent wings joined to each other by thick concrete, with a gap at the floor level for cars to come from the outside of the hexagon to the inside. In the center of the hexagon is more space for parking cars. The wing I live in, Wing 4, is towards the back. The "front wing" which is opposite the main entrance of the building is directly across the center parking space. The main entrance opens on a street that runs parallel to the one outside my balcony. On the other side of the front wing is the main entrance with a small kiosk for watchmen. Currently, as far as I knew, there was just one watchmen working at night, who would sit in the kiosk. He is the only one who would have any business being awake at this hour, but he was on the other side of the wing, so I was invisible to him, as he was to me.
Standing at the bottom of the stairs on the ground floor, I looked around. There were cars and two-wheelers parked all around. I walked a bit further and came to the hexagonal drive-way adjacent to the building and looked around. As I looked up, I could see the stars in the sky. The other five wings of the building all looked dark. The parking lot in the center was full of cars. And as I looked around at the ground levels of the other buildings, they were all deserted too. However, there were lights everywhere. This was a brightly lit area, even if deserted.
I spent a few minutes examining each of the dozens of dark windows and balconies overlooking me carefully. No one in them. No one awake. I gradually took off my robe, and got naked, holding the robe in my right hand. There I was, stark naked, my pussy, butt and boobs on display at the bottom of my building. I first walked back to the staircase of my wing. Sat naked on the bottom stair. Walked up, onto the driveway and stood at the center of it, looking around to see if anyone was watching me. No one was.
With my heart pumping, I started walking on the driveway along the hexagon. I came to wing 3. Then walked some more and came to wing 2 and turned around. Walked back to my wing, across is to wing 5 and stopped at wing 6. I avoided Wing 1, because there were some angles from that wing that would make me visible to the watchman. As long as I stayed confined to wings 2 through 6, I was invisible to him.
Wow, I had been wandering naked under my building for close to 10 minutes now, I thought. It turned me on so much, that I just had to masturbate again. I walked to the staircase of wing 6, sat there and started working on my clit furiously. This time it took me less than a minute to orgasm, which I went through silently with a phenomenal effort.
After the orgasm, I put my robe back on, and walked back to my wing. The final portion of my plan, the elaborate one, was still left. All this naked wandering had been just like training. Now that I was comfortable in the well-lit inside portion of the building, the dark outside portion should be easy. I walked past the staircase and parked cars to the back of the wing.
The back portion had a driveway too, beyond which were some plants and shrubs, beyond which was the compound wall. I walked past the back driveway, and just out of curiosity, looked up at my balcony. It looked very dark, and nothing was clearly visible. All the other balconies were dark and empty too. With my robe still on, I started walking along the driveway until I was at the back of wing 2. I now came back to the walls of wing 2 and started creeping along them. I crossed over to the side portion of wing 1.
Once there, I poked my head around the corner. From here, the watchman's kiosk was visible, about 100 feet away. I squinted my eyes and could make out that he was sitting in the kiosk facing the front street. Next to the kiosk was a sleeping dog. The watchman's pet mutt. OK, I thought to myself, this is the dividing line between risky and foolish. If I walked past this wall, I would be visible to the watchman. So this is the point where it happens.
I took a couple of steps back. Looked around and confirmed that all balconies and windows were dark. Then took the key to my door out of the pocket of my robe. I stared at the key for a few seconds, surprised at what I was contemplating. Finally, with a burst of resolve, I put the key on the ground next to the wall, and started walking back.
I walked rapidly back to my wing and up the stairs, in anticipation of the adventure I was about to embark on. Reached the door of my apartment. Took my robe off and threw it inside the door, leaving me completely naked. And then the crucial part. It took me a couple of minutes to build up the courage to actually do it. Finally, I reached for the latch behind the door, turned the knob and with a small slam, shut the door.
Even though I had planned and thought about this, the actual reality of the situation hit me at once. I had voluntarily locked myself out of the apartment naked. Walking around naked with a robe in my hand was risky by itself, but it still gave me an instant exit plan. If someone had suddenly come out of a door or into a balcony and seen me, I could put the robe back on at once and minimize the shame. Not having the safety of the robe in the hand was the real risky thing. Now the only way out of this situation was to walk all the way to the side of wing 1 and get the keys to let myself in. And that would require me to walk down the stairs naked, go to the back, walk to the key, pick it up, and walk back, completely naked.
If, for some reason, someone suddenly saw me, there was not much I could do but leave myself at their mercy. This was by far the riskiest thing I had ever done. If a skydive went wrong, it would kill me instantly and end the suffering. But if this went wrong... the repercussions were vast and varied.
Well, the die was cast, I said to myself. No way out but to go through with this. This time as I walked down the stairs, without the buffer of the robe in my hand, I went even slower. At every turn of the staircase, I'd stay back, look around for a minute or so to ensure no one was around, and then walk down. At the bottom of the staircase, I stayed for a couple of minutes, made sure the coast was clear, and then scurried to the back of the wing.
The darkness at the back gave me some confidence. My pace picked up a bit as I walked along the walls to wing 3, then wing 2, until I was just a few feet away from where my key was. As the destination came into sight I just sprinted. In a jiffy, I was at the spot, and had bent down to pick up the key when,
Hrrrrfffff...
Not exactly a bark. It seemed more like a polite clearing of the throat. I looked up and saw the watchman's dog turn around the corner and stand there in front of me. A wave of panic swept through me as I froze motionless in the bent down position, with my hand inches from the key. The dog and I were staring at each others' eyes for what seemed like an eternity.
Finally I picked up the key and stood straight. The dog was still standing there, looking at me. Was his master close behind him, I thought with terror. I took a few steps to the edge of the wall and slowly peeked over. Phew! The watchman still seemed to be sitting in his kiosk. Was he sleeping, I wondered. He should not be sleeping. His job is to be the night watchman, I said to myself. He isn't paid to sleep at night. What if some thieves sneak past while he is sleeping? You stupid cow!!! a voice in my head screamed. Is this really the time to ruminate over the watchman's professionalism? When stranded here buck naked, isn't it more important to think about tackling this curious incident of the dog in the night time?
I turned my gaze back to the dog. He was no longer staring at me. Just walking around, sniffing stuff on the ground, doing, you know, dog stuff. I guess he had labeled my appearance as an unremarkable occurrence, I thought in relief and started walking back. As I started walking, he took notice and started following me too, from a polite distance of a couple of feet. After I reached wing 3, I stopped. He stopped too and resumed staring at me.
Now as it happens, this dog and I were no strangers. I love dogs, and can not help but play a little with any dog that crosses my path. In the past, when coming back from work or from dinner at night, when someone would drop me off at the gate, this dog was often around. I would pet him, rub his coat, have him lick my palms, as I made small talk with the watchman. I knew the dog's name was Moti. And Moti might not know me as Teju, but knew my scent well for sure.
But, as I noted to myself, those encounters with the dog had me fully clothed. Now I was wearing as much fabric as he was. How did a dog look at this situation, I wondered. Does a dog notice the difference between a person clothed and naked? Or was I the same woman to him naked as I was clothed? He wasn't barking, and appeared very calm. So I guess he didn't notice the difference. I started walking again, and he started following me, this time his tail wagging rapidly.
"Moti...shoo... go away. Go back. Moti.." I whispered, and tried to convince him to turn around and go back. But he wouldn't.
That's when it struck me. Based on our previous interactions, it was Moti's understanding that the norm when we met was for me to pet him, rub him and make some fuss over him. He was expecting me to do that again. Maybe if I played with him a little, he'd go away. Oh, what the hell, I thought to myself and patted him on the head and then rubbed the coat of his back.
"Aww Moti... whose the good boy? You're the good boy. You're the shweetie pie... awww.." I whispered, not wanting to make too much noise. His tail started wagging even more. I got down on my knees and scratched and petted him some more. He too, as per habit, started licking my palm, and the key in it.
I bent down slightly to rub playfully behind his ears, and nuzzle his coat. Which turned out not to be a great thing to do while naked. My C-cup breasts swung forward over my palm and right in front of his face. Moti moved his tongue from my palm to my breasts and started licking my nipples and aureoles.
And my instant reflex was a rather stupid one. I should have realized Moti was just a dog and meant no harm. But when you have grown up as the big-boobed girl in school and college, have had several guys on not just dates, but even in bars, clubs, swimming pools and buses trying to cop a feel, you develop a reflex to fight back.
"MOTI! YOU IDIOT!!" I yelled and slapped the poor dog on his face. Moti, shocked by the slap withdrew, stepped away from me and started barking loudly. I realized how stupid I had been, and tried to go close to him and said
"Oh Moti, I am so sorry...please..", but his barking continued. And then shortly..
CLICK.......CLICK....
I looked back in horror as two lights came on in windows in wing 3, one on the first floor and another on the third floor. And I did the only logical thing to do in this naked state. Turned and ran as fast as I could. Ran back to my wing, ran up the stairs, and in possibly record time, had unlocked my door, gone in and shut it behind me. I felt as if I could pass out with horror any minute.I sank on the floor, and after my mind returned to normalcy, thought about it. I had run into the ground floor of my wing within seconds of the lights coming on. It was unlikely that anyone had seen me. That had been a close shave.
Stupid stupid stupid, I said to myself. Stupid for stopping to play with the dog when naked. And stupid to slap him and yell at him. After the self-berating ended, it sunk in. There had been some hiccups towards the end, but I had done it. I had wilfully locked myself out naked, gotten the key and let myself in. And frankly, the unexpected turn of events, in Moti appearing and the two lights coming on had added to the rush. This was great.
For the final time that night I brought myself off. Walked into the balcony naked one last time, in a "one for the road" spirit. Shook my head in amazement and happiness at what I had discovered about myself tonight. And decided to call it a night. As I turned around to go back in, I noticed again the abandoned half-constructed building across the street. Hmm... that offers possibilities for the future, I thought to myself, as I went to bed.
---------------------
If you liked this story, do let me know. I'd love to continue this story further and will be glad to incorporate any suggestions from you fans. You can leave feedback, or email me but please, guys (especially in India), don't email me about hooking up or meeting or having sex. I am here only for sharing stories, not for finding partners.