First, a sincere apology to the flight attendant who ended up having to deal with that blanket.
But back to the plane trip. We'd been talking so much that the trip passed pretty quickly for us. We had a little bit of time left, like maybe an hour or so, when an idea struck me. Time to test my wife's mettle.
"Babe, I have an order to give you. Are you ready?"
She knew what I meant for sure and I saw her swallow hard as she nodded in acknowledgement.
"That's not going to do. I think a 'Yes, sir' is appropriate."
That did it. Wow, was my wife a closet submissive?
"Yes, sir."
"Much better. OK, here is what I want you to do. I want you to get up and go to the restroom. When you get in, lock the door. Do whatever you might need to. But then I want you to do these four things in this sequence. First, I want you to make sure your panties and pants are down and your knees are spread wide. Second, I want you to lift your shirt and bra. There's no reasonable need for you to do that, but I want you to nonetheless. Third, I want you to unlock the door. And finally, I want you to begin to play with your pussy. And wait. I'm going to follow soon after you go, so I'll make sure that you won't end up flashing a kid or a woman. I'll tell them I was waiting to use it. But if a guy approaches I won't say anything but if he asks me, I'll just tell him I'm just stretching my legs and I think the restroom is free."
Hannah's jaw hung open a bit as I finished telling her what to do. Her mouth closed back slowly, and she began to nod.
"Yes, sir."
She got up and went toward the bathroom. It was obvious that she was nervous. I did not see her look around too much. One was open and she went in. I waited a beat, then I got up and stood in the open area by the restroom.
Time seemed to tick by slowly. I heard the toilet flush, the sink run, then, after a few minutes, the lock on the door was disengaged.
I waited. Then I saw him. A big white guy, probably deuce, deuce and a half. Well-developed beer belly (no judgement) and red hair with a longish beard. Definitely not my wife's type. Seeing him come, I got a little nervous. You tend not to think about unwilling participants in a situation like this, but it was what it was.
He approached the door glanced at me briefly, but never said a word as he went ahead and opened the door.
There, spread bare for him and I to clearly see, was my very exposed wife. It must have taken him several minutes to register what he was seeing. My wife later told me that his mouth slowly grew into the biggest shit eating grin she'd ever seen. He said nothing and just took in the view. My wife, unsure about what I expected her to do, also didn't blink. She kept rubbing her clit as she looked him dead straight in the eyes. Then suddenly she came to her senses and pulled her clothes into place.
"Oh, so sorry. I must have not locked the door correctly. Stupid me."
A decent guy might have said something, something to assist with her excuse and potentially help save her from further embarrassment. Not Big Red. She told me he had the eyes of a predator. If I hadn't been there, things might have gone differently. Maybe not. He didn't seem to give two shits about my presence up to this point.
She pulled herself together quickly and moved by him. He gave her the briefest of space to get past him out the door. He watched her move back down the aisle, staring at her tight little ass (Hannah does a ton of yoga). Shaking his head, he continued into the restroom and closed and locked the door.
I used that as my opportunity to get back to our seats and I got into aisle seat as she had moved into the window one.
I took her hand and she was physically shaking. Not too much, but her adrenaline was definitely flowing.
"I'm so fucking turned on right now. If you were to touch my pussy, I'd fucking explode," she whispered to me very seriously.
"Well then, I guess I can't do that then, can I?"
The look on her face was priceless. Despite her comment, me touching her was exactly what she wanted and I was denying her that. I think she nearly came just from the dominance I was showing her. I honestly didn't know I had it in me.
I saw her move her hand to her own lap.
"I didn't say you could do that either."
She swallowed hard.
"Yes, sir."
I was enjoying the dominance role, however this wasn't really my thing. But I needn't worry. It wasn't going to last for long.