Girl Talk 11: Lucy
This series is based on interviews I did quite a few years back with women who had modelled for me, or were private clients when I worked as a photographer. Their words have been, 'edited' but only to remove features of continuous speech such as, 'um, ah, eh,' and repetitions of partial phrases which is common in everyday speech.
The Confession Club: Lucy is twenty-nine years old, 5'5" tall, with long dark hair, a slim, well-toned body, and 34c breasts. She works in the travel industry, married, no children, and to put it mildly, she's an exhibitionist.
CC: Lucy, I know you love to show off, and get a big buzz out of wearing revealing clothes but tell me about the latest adventures you've been having.
Lucy: Ah! You mean 'car-fun' or as it's sometimes known, 'dogging.'
CC: Yes, that's what I'm talking about. I've read about it, and seen a few websites dedicated to it on the Internet, but for the benefit of our readers give me a brief explanation.
Lucy: This will sound awful in the cold light of day, but it's quite simply having sex in cars, and being watched by voyeurs, or 'doggers.'
CC: How did they get that name?
Lucy: Nobody is quite sure, but the most common theory is, that taking the dog for a walk was an excuse for being out walking in the woods late at night. Only, they were really looking into the cars of couples making love, hence the term, 'doggers.' That's the name their known by in the UK, they may have other names elsewhere. Most of them don't even bother with the dogs these days.
CC: It's not quite as simple as having sex in the car though, is it?
Lucy: No. There's quite a bit of etiquette involved. Flashing on and off the interior lights of the car is a signal to the voyeurs that you're happy to have them watch. The lights are then left on, so they can see the action. When a dogger approaches the car, the woman in the car will often make a masturbating gesture with her hand. This doesn't mean she thinks he's a wanker. Quite the reverse - she wants him to unzip and expose himself, to make sure he's not a journalist, or the police. If she asks for that and he doesn't comply, the lights go out.
All being well, if the car occupants then open a window, that's an invitation for the female to be touched and fondled by those outside the car. If they open a door, that's an invitation, or permission for something a bit stronger, like her playing with his cock, or giving him a blowjob, or even in some cases invited inside to become part of the show. If the female gets out of the car, it means she wants to be fucked by one or all of the voyeurs.
CC: Amazing - how did you get started on this car-fun scene?
Lucy: well, as you already know, I have very strong exhibitionist tendencies. Some people might say I should see a psychiatrist, and who knows, maybe they're right, but as long as I'm enjoying it, and the people who see me enjoy it, then I can't see what harm there is. If it made me unhappy and I still had the urge to expose myself, then I might have a problem, but unhappiness is the last thing on my mind when I'm showing off. - I love it, and it gets me so excited. There's nothing quite so exciting as 'accidentally' letting a bit of tit be seen, or better still a nipple as well. Or sitting in a pub or restaurant wearing a short skirt with no panties on and being a little bit careless about keeping my knees together. That's fun, and I never wear panties just in case I get the opportunity to show off, and before you ask, I don't have panties on right now. Sometimes if I feel horny, I just can't help showing off.
CC: You didn't have to tell me you weren't wearing panties Lucy, I'd already noticed, and bearing in mind that most of the women who tell me their stories get very turned on, I have a feeling I'm going to be seeing a lot more of your pussy today.
Lucy: Will you be shocked and horrified if you do - will you complain about it?
CC: Hardly, I've seen all of your charms before, and have hundreds of photos to prove it. Mind you, they're so lovely, and you're so gorgeous, I have no problem seeing them again. It was just that you said you couldn't help showing off when you feel horny and re-telling your story will almost certainly get you horny.
Lucy: OK, so it's inevitable that I'm going to show off for you during the course of this interview. You can always tell me to close my legs. (giggles)
CC: Well, if I'm overcome with revulsion at some point, I'll be sure to tell you.
Lucy: (laughing) Hey, as long as we understand each other, that's fine. So, lets get on with the story, so I can get even more horny, because I'm beginning to feel 'that way,' already, and we haven't even started.
Anyway, that tells you the background to the story and explains my exhibitionist nature, but it's not getting the story told. It all started because my husband saw a website dedicated to exhibitionists on the Internet. He gets really turned on by my exhibitionism too and is always thinking of new things for me to do. There was a section on, 'car-fun,' and he called me to have look. We both thought it was pretty good, and then we found a page with a list of 'car-fun,' sites nationally. We were thrilled to see there were a few recommended sites in our area and decided to go along and check it out the next night.
CC: That was very brave of you.
Lucy: Not really - it's what I do. Just reading about it got us pretty excited - the real thing was bound to be a lot better.
CC: And was it?
Lucy: In a minute - don't be so impatient - I want to get this right! OK? So, next day at work I could hardly concentrate on what I was supposed to be doing, and by the time I got home I was really up for it. That means I was ravenously horny. (laughs)
We had something to eat, and then I had a shower and did my make up. I decided minimal was best and put on a pair of hold up stockings. No bra, no panties, and just a cross over dress, which is easily pulled back to expose my breasts or pussy, and easily removed if need be. I wasveryexcited by the time I had finished dressing.
We got in the car and drove about six or seven miles to the car park we had chosen, which was in a wooded area. This, according to the website was one of the main sites in out area where the action took place. We had decided we would just park the car, lock the doors, and watch to see what was happening, if anything. If the information was right, we could either join in, or leave the lights off and have a good, exciting shag in the car.
At first it seemed as if nothing would ever happen, and although the daylight was beginning to fade, we could still see people out walking their dogs, coming back, getting into their cars and driving off. However, it soon began to get darker, and the families disappeared. There were still a number of cars, like ours, parked in the woods, and we were very much on the alert, hoping something would happen soon.
After about ten minutes, the interior lights in a car parked quite close, about thirty-five feet away, came on. It was now very dark, and the lights drew our attention immediately. We opened out window just a little, leaving our lights off to get a better look, and sure enough, there was a couple in the back seat. They were clearly having fun. He was sitting on the seat, and she was sitting facing him, obviously straddling him, moving up and down in that old familiar rhythm. Her titties were bare, and quivering in time with the movement as she slid up and down on his cock.
I reached over and felt my husband's cock. It was rigid with excitement, and I suggested he slip out of the car and go over for a better look. I locked the doors behind him and watched as he approached the car and stood beside the window. She saw him straight away - the window slid down, and I clearly heard her ask him to take his cock out. He did as she asked, and she reached out of the window, taking him in her hand, slowly stroking his length. He reached in, and she leaned over to the window, allowing him to get a better feel of her breasts, and quite unintentionally giving me a better look too.
She had lovely breasts, big and round, nicely shaped, and he massaged them gently, pulling on her nipples She must have liked it, for I heard her whimpering with pleasure, and remember, she still had her partner's cock up her too, so she was being doubly stimulated. I knew when his hand disappeared further into the car that he was feeling her clitoris. The excitement and stimulation got too much for her at that point, and she had a loud and very obvious orgasm. My husband came back to the car and got in.
'Feel my hand,' he said offering it to me. It was wet and slick with her juices and I held it close to my face to smell. An aromatic, musky, sexual smell, which made all the alarm bells of my sexual nerve endings 'jingle' and senses go into hyper drive. I licked her juices off his hand, wanting more. Watching him touch her tits and cunt, while she fucked her partner, and hearing and seeing her orgasm had me in an absolute frenzy of excitement.
I demanded he tell me about her, and he described how amazing it felt to have a woman who was a complete stranger ask for, then play with his cock. Close up she was quite something he said, her breasts were lovely, with big hard nipples, and when he'd touched her clitoris, she orgasmed within seconds.
I virtually dragged hin into the back seat; I opened the crossover dress, and without any preamble pulled out his prick and sat astride his lap. It slid in so easily as he pushed up towards me; I was already wet and ready for him. As I slid frantically up and down on it, I was aware of movements outside the car, and I knew we were being watched, but with the lights off inside the car they couldn't have seen much. He asked if I wanted the lights on, but I said no. What a stupid time to get an attack of shyness, I reflected later. They must have heard me as I came though, and the thought of them being there did add extra impetus to my performance.
CC: So, what happened next?
Lucy: We went home and had a really good time. I could still see her in my imagination, going up and down on her partner, tits jiggling, while rubbing my husband's cock through the car window. And I could still taste her too.
Next day was another non-productive day at work. Try as I might, I couldn't get my mind off it. I was determined to go back there tonight, and this time I'd do better. I was home from work earlier than him, prepared us some food, and got myself ready while he was eating. I came into the living room, ready for anything. He had finished eating, and so I lifted up my dress waist high and asked him to touch me. He couldn't believe how wet I was.
'Take me back to the woods tonight,' was all I needed to say. He pushed me down on the sofa, lifted my dress again and licked me until I almost died. Then he took me to the car park in the woods.
It was a bit later when we arrived, and already dark as we pulled carefully into the same parking space as last night and switched the engine off. I was absolutely shaking with excitement and climbed over the seats into the back. I asked him to join me, he refused, and said it would be nice if I gave a little solo performance first, then he would join me. I sat there in the back seat, stomach churning, a mixture of nerves and excitement. It was dead quiet in the woods, but we could hear people moving about outside.
"OK, I'm as ready as I'll ever be. Flick the lights on and off, then leave them on," I said, hardly able to breathe with excitement. Now I was clearly visible to anyone outside the car, although I felt very secure knowing the doors were locked and my husband was less than two feet away. I sat there unmoving in the glare of the lights until I was certain I was being watched, and then slowly untied the belt, which was holding the crossover dress together. I pulled the thin material away from my breasts to expose them, and then began to massage them in a circular motion.
I have big boobs, so I knew they were getting an eyeful, and I could see my hubby watching with a smile in his face. He said a few words of encouragement and I smiled back at him, tweaking my nipples, making them nice and big, and it felt so good. I was so aroused that I decided to just go for it and let the dress slip off my shoulders and pulled my arms out of the sleeves. It fell in a soft cascade round my waist and my top half was now completely naked. I wasn't finished just yet however, and pulled the crossover skirt section back, exposing my naked pussy. The only thing keeping the dress on was the belt; apart from that I was completely naked and exposed to the onlookers. I spread my legs as wide as I could to show my shaven cunt, and I was completely shameless about it, I'd never felt so horny. I returned my attention to my breasts, rubbing them, squeezing, pinching my nipples. The nipples were swollen, and so incredibly responsive tonight and I lingered on them for ages.
Meantime I knew my pussy lips were apart and slowly dribbling my wetness over my arse cheeks. I finally turned my attention to my pussy; first rubbing my fingers up and down my groin, close but no real contact, pulling the lips apart, allowing even more juice to trickle out. My husband said something about it being a bit dark down there, and getting the torch out of the glove compartment, he switched it on and bathed my pussy in light.
Now my cunt was truly "in the spotlight" with no hiding place, not that I wanted to hide it anyway. In fact, I felt even better now that it was so well lit. There was a round of applause from outside the car, and from the sound I reckoned there must be four or five watching me. This was getting better and better, and encouraged by the applause, I opened my legs and my pussy lips, so they could get a better view of my wet and shaven pussy.
I began to play with myself, knowing I was the centre of attention. My fingers rubbed my clitoris in little circles, then I spread my lips, and filled myself with three fingers. After a moment or two of sheer bliss, I took them out and licked my own juices off my fingers, very slowly and very sensuously as if I was licking a hard cock. I could hear groans of appreciation for that from outside. Unexpectedly, my husband handed me my favourite vibrator, which I played around my clitoris, then plunged deep inside, my bottom lifting off the seat to meet it. My bottom and pelvis started up a constant fucking movement now, thrusting and rotating as I pushed the vibrator in a stabbing motion into my cunt again and again. Within seconds my orgasm exploded, and I was screaming as if I were demented, my back arched, breasts thrust high, and my hips were grinding out the last dregs of my dwindling pleasure.
Again, there was a round of applause as I slumped back, exhausted, legs still apart for their viewing. My husband climbed into the back with me, and I immediately pulled his cock out of his trousers and took him in my mouth. Again, I heard the groans from outside the car, sounding like there was more of them now, and spurred on by the sound of the "doggers," I sat on his lap, facing him and fed his cock into the wetness of my hole. We were quite close to one of the doors, so the guys on that side were getting a better view, although the windows were now starting to steam up.
"Open the windows," a voice requested, but I just shook my head. "We can't see anymore; the windows are steamed up." I leaned over, excited but frightened, and opened the window a tiny bit.
"Look, I'll open the windows, but no touching, just look," I warned as I rolled the windows as far down as they went. My husband was grinning up at me. "What?" I asked.
"You know they'll never keep that promise." I began to protest, but he thrust up into me, hard, stifling my reply, and making me gasp with the thrill and force of it.
Apart from the danger of being groped, the cool evening air on my body was like a caress on my skin. I could hear the comments now for the first time, and the crudity of their language as they spoke about my arse, my tits and my cunt, was exciting me beyond belief. I was going wild with lust and heard myself whimpering and moaning as my pussy began to clutch and pull on his cock. A hand gently pinched my nipple, and although I'd warned them not to touch, I was in no condition to stop them.
I was dimly aware of another hand coming through the window, briefly stroking the skin of my tummy before sweeping down over my pubic mound, finding my clitoris and rubbing me expertly. It was all too much, and I came again. I'd heard of multiple orgasms, and had felt close a few times, but I knew this was the real thing. It just went on, and on, and on, like a roller coaster, taking me higher, then dying, then going higher, before subsiding then taking off once more. I thought it would never stop, I'd die, my heart couldn't take it, but I hung on in there, and feeling my husband shoot his come into me set me off again, but that was the last one, gradually dying and dying, leaving me weak, exhausted and fucked.
I felt well used, and just fell sideways off my husband onto the car seat, spewing, and dribbling come and pussy juice. They applauded again, and I heard my husband tell them the show was over for tonight, but we'd be back again soon. He rolled up the window, switched off the lights, and leaving me naked and semi-comatose across the back seat, drove home. He turned into our drive way, got out, opened our house door, and helping me out of the back seat, still naked, made me walk up the driveway.
CC: Any of the neighbours see you?
Lucy: Shit - who cares?
CC: So, you've been back for more I presume?
Lucy: Oh yes!! I have to admit, I love it.
During the course of her story, Lucy had become quite excited by retelling the events. The small black miniskirt had ridden ever higher up her thighs, and Lucy had made no attempt to pull it back down. Her pussy was now blatantly on view, her legs apart, everything on display, or 'showing off" as she preferred to call it.
CC: Well Lucy that was an exciting story, and I know that telling it excited you too.
Lucy: Why, just because my legs are open and I'm rubbing myself?
CC: That's quite a strong clue, yes, but you did reserve the right to do that if you got excited, so I knew what was coming.
Lucy: Shall I pull my skirt down and be very demure for you then?
CC: No need to go that far - you're making an old man very happy. ( she laughs)
You said earlier that it didn't end there. Is there more to tell?
Lucy: Darling - you know there'salwaysmore to tell with me.
CC: Yes, Idoget that impression with you Lucy. If it's as good as the story you've just told, which I have no reason to doubt, it will be brilliant. Thank you once again. (Lucy, now in a world of her own, is hardly listening)

* * *