"Get under the table."
Belle looked up sharply, into the face of the man she was having dinner with.
"What?"
"You heard me slut, get under the table and do your job."
Belle studied the room around her carefully, a sharp slap on her thigh brought her back to the moment.
"You will do this or you will be punished do you understand?"
Belle nodded weakly. "Yes Sir."
She slid slowly off the chair and gave one last glance around before quickly ducking under the table, grateful for the tablecloth that came almost to the ground, leaving just a few inches of light shafting through to light her way. She settled herself on her knees in between his spread legs and reached trembling hands up to undo his flies, releasing his cock from it's confines. It was already starting to swell and harden. Belle winced as she shuffled closer to him, the rough carpet already beginning to abrade her bare knees.
She pressed a kiss to the head of his cock before lightly flicking her tongue over it. She knew she wouldn't be allowed to quickly get it over and done with, she would be expected to take her time as she always loved to do. She began to lick him all over, making sure to coat him with wetness. She carefully brought his balls out too and gave them the same treatment, licking them all over, taking each one into her mouth at a time and sucking on it.
Belle ran her lips over the underside of his cock as she moved from his balls to his head, ensuring she kept his balls cupped in her hand, stroking them and tugging lightly. She took the tip inside her mouth and swirled her tongue around him before popping him out of her mouth. She repeated this a few times, hearing a muffled groan above her. This made her smile and she swiftly took the entirety of his cock into her mouth, pressing him into her throat until she had taken him all. This had taken practice and she now took pride in it. She held him there as long as she could, swallowing around him, contracting her throat. She kept his lips pressed tight around him are she began to slide off agonizingly slowly. Her tongue kept moving, sliding over the sensitive underside of his cock until she reached the tip, where she teased his slit that was already oozing.
Belle rubbed his cockhead over her lips, smearing his precum on them, she licked it off slowly to savour the taste, hardly unable to wait to taste him properly. She began to slide her mouth over him, taking him from base to tip, increasing the pace. Movement caught the side of her eye and she almost released his cock in shock. It was the shoes of the waiter, she could hear her Sir speaking to him and she slowed her movements, listening intently, embarrassed he would mention she was under the table, sucking his cock like the little slut she was.
The hand that had been resting on his thigh lifted to press against the back of head, forcing her head down on his cock. Belle gagged before she could catch herself. He ignored her struggles and kept pressing until his entire length was buried in her throat. It took a few moments for Belle to compose herself but as soon as she had she noticed the tablecloth twitching. The head of the waiter quickly appeared, his eyes wide and staring, his mouth spread into a wide grin. Belle moaned in shame and his hand tightened in her hair. He was enjoying the vibrations of her moans around his cock. The tablecloth was replaced and he moved his hand, allowing her to release his cock. She gasped in a few breaths.
Belle moved to take his balls in her mouth, knowing she wouldn't be allowed to stop. She stroked her hand over his shaft as she did, urging his precum from his head. She watched as one large drop slid from the tip, running down the underside till it reached his balls. Her tongue quickly followed the trail of it in reverse until she flicked her tongue off the head of him. She slid all of him back in her mouth and took up a decent pace, using one hand to stroke the part of his cock that wasn't in his mouth, the other still caressing his balls, her tongue constantly moving over him, urging him to spill into her willing mouth. With some difficultly he grasped her hair and pulled her off him.
Belle sat back on her knees in puzzlement, his hand continued tugging her hair back and she shuffled backwards, carefully popping her head back up as she slid up onto her seat, her hands already rubbing her sore knees.
She looked at him wide-eyed, terrified she had done something wrong.
He stared at her, enjoying her reaction to thinking she hadn't pleased him.
He smiled as the waiter came with the food he had ordered for both of them, ignoring the man as he watched the pretty flush build up over her cleavage and spread across her cheeks as she tipped her face away to hide her features. Once the waiter had left Belle quickly brought her gaze back to his.
"Don't worry so pet, dessert comes after dinner."
Belle smiled as she understood, she hadn't done wrong, she'd finish him soon.