The 7-bedroom house that Ashley and Mary Kate Olsen had purchased in Redondo Beach was situated on a lofty promontory overlooking the Pacific Ocean. It was a sprawling affair, an oceanfront estate whose exterior was done in a classic red stucco; the interior being an admixture of Mary Kate's propensity for ultra-modern chic, combined with Ashley's more neoclassical tastes, including some warm Victorian touches.
Six women attended to the upkeep of the house on a daily basis. The twins had also hired a cook to prepare all their meals and a chauffer to drive them anywhere they wished at any time of day including the trek back and forth to their business meetings in LA, where the two petite moguls oversaw the operation of their multimedia business, "Dual Star Productions".
Ashley was lounging in the parlor watching some old footage of various Sisterhood-sponsored events that she and Mary Kate had attended over the past few years, eager for her sister to get back from the hair salon so that they could compile a list of potential candidates for their upcoming celebrity "Jerk-A-Thon". She and Mary Kate had decided to make a compilation video of all the best male orgasms so that they could choose more easily from among the dozens or so possible men who might fit the bill, and also because it was something that she and her sister wanted to enjoy for its own sake.
Now, as she watched in rapt fascination while yet another prick released its huge creamy load into an audience crammed with women, she deftly made a note of the scene's number in her notebook and looked up again at the oversized 56" television screen in time to see several volleys of cum fired off in rapid succession to the howls of the all-female audience. She recognized her own face contorted in laughter as the ropes of white, pearly semen sailed over her head and into the cheering milieu behind her. Mary Kate was there too, her mouth wide open in awe as the cum streams continued to spurt out into the laughing crowd one after another.
"He's definitely a shooter!" Ashley said aloud. She quickly scribbled on her pad. "Hired!"
Just as another man was ready to orgasm, the door opened. It was Mary Kate. The younger sister entered the room just as an enormous explosion of sperm shot high into the air just missing her onscreen image by inches.
"Shit!" she exclaimed, as she stared at the screen. "What a fucking load!"
"You almost got it that time!" Ashley giggled. "Come on, sit down. We have to finish this list and get in touch with all these people."
Mary Kate responded with a grunt and kept her eyes on the screen as the cumshots continued to fire fast and furiously into the audience.
"I love it when a guy shoots like that," she said enthusiastically. "Look at us, Ash. We're like...what the fuck?"
"Well, he just kept coming. Remember? I think this guy shot out about a dozen ropes of cum non-stop."
"Yeah," Mary Kate replied, fascinated. "Look at him go. Where do they store all that stuff?"
Ashley shook her head. "I don't know. But they're supposed to make billions and billions of sperm every day."
"No wonder they're always jerking off. But it really is so fucking sexy to watch."
"I love it," Ashley admitted. "Why don't you put your stuff down and join me?"
"Okay," Mary Kate said as she laid her pocketbook on the table and took a seat beside her sister. "You didn't say anything about my hair."
"Oh, I'm sorry. I got so involved..."
"With the cumshots. Yeah, I know."
"Well, you're the one who got me started on this kick."
"Yeah, well, I didn't ever hear you complain."
"I'm not complaining. Your hair looks great by the way."
Mary Kate smiled. "Thanks. I decided to keep it long—like yours."
Suddenly the excited crowd let out a huge roar. Two guys were ejaculating at the exact same time--a young, white blonde boy and an older black man—Craig Lundquist and Barney Cole.
"This was from last year," Ashley said hurriedly. "At the party we threw for Drew's birthday."
"I remember," Mary Kate replied dourly. "I was there too, you know."
As she finished her sentence two long ropes of sperm flew out into the audience at tremendous speed, sailing over the heads of the women in the first three rows. This was followed by a succession of equally potent ejaculations that seemed to go on indefinitely. The crowd was in hysterics.
"Look at you!" Mary Kate screeched as she pointed to the television screen. "It's like, oh my God! When is it gonna stop?"
"I couldn't believe how much cum Barney shot out. I think he may have beaten Craig."
"This time he did," Mary Kate agreed. "I remember him telling me that he hadn't cum in seven days and then masturbated for like five hours straight so that he could build up all that pressure to shoot off like that."
"Oh, you got hit!" Ashley laughed, as her sister's onscreen image tried unsuccessfully to duck an errant blast of cum.
"Most of it landed in my hair! Look at me with that paper towel!"
Amidst the ongoing multiple cum blasts that were now besieging the ecstatic crowd, Mary Kate was daubing her hair with the single sheet of paper trying to remove a huge glob of sperm that had landed on the left side of her head.
"You should have left it in there," Ashley chuckled. "It makes a good crème rinse."
Just then the doorbell rang. The twins heard the hurried footsteps of their housekeeper Anna as she ran from one end of the apartment to the other.
"I'm coming! I'm coming!" the attractive middle-aged women yelled as she flew past the girls with her broom in hand.
"It must be the girls," Ashley said, turning off the television.
"Good," Mary Kate replied. "Now we can get this whole Spermathon business straightened out."
"That's 'Jerk-A-Thon,'" Ashley corrected her.
"Whatever. I just want to get done by 9:00 PM so I can meet Lapo."
"I thought you two guys were done."
"Nope. We're still hanging on. Two masochists I guess."
"You're only keeping him around because he's got a huge dick," Ashley said.
"Exactly. The same reason you keep Justin around."
"Yeah, but I don't let him fuck me."
Mary Kate frowned. "Don't flaunt your virginity in my face, all right? You should try screwing him for once instead of always giving him handjobs. Give your hand a rest for Christ's sake."
"He doesn't seem to mind."
"Eventually he's going to want more, Ash."
"I suppose. But right now he's happy to get jerked off every night."
"And speaking of that," Mary Kate said in a desultory tone. "I found cum stains all over the back seat of the limo."
Ashley laughed. "That was nothing. You should have seen the load I made him shoot on the back window!"
The younger sister shook her head. "You're such trailer trash."
"I'm trailer trash?" Ashley replied, incredulously. "Before you let Lapo get between your legs, your hands were draining him of his sperm for two straight years. And a lot of that spunk of his landed all over the dashboard!"
Mary Kate smiled despite herself. "Okay, you got me. I used to get him to squirt so hard that he coated the inside windshield. He said I should install some wipers for inside the car!"
"Squirt! Squirt! Turn the wipers on!" Ashley exclaimed as the two sisters broke down laughing.
"We really kept the chauffer busy cleaning up all that cum!"
Just then, Anna announced that their visitors had arrived.
"Well, I see somebody's in a good mood!"
The twins looked up to see Drew Barrymore enter the room followed by Christina Ricci, Kelly Ripa, and Brittany Murphy. All of them were dressed very casually and, without invitation, plopped themselves down on the nearest available seat.
After pleasantries were exchanged and the housekeeper had provided everyone with a drink, the real purpose of the evening's business was raised by Ashley.
"I know we all have plans for tonight so I'll try to make this as simple as possible," the lovely twin began. "We all know what happened with Phoebe and Angelique. After Angelique died, Phoebe took off with Charlotte on a world cruise and spent the better part of a year on the open sea. She's now living back in LA and has pretty much stayed out of having anything to do with Sisterhood affairs. However, Holly is running the Sisterhood organization now and she needs money—lots of it—to keep things going. Mary Kate and I thought that sponsoring a celebrity "Jerk-A-Thon" would be an excellent way to raise the needed funds."
"I think that's a great idea!" Kelly said approvingly. "Have you chosen a place to host the event?"
"Right here." Ashley replied.
"In your house?"
"Sure," Mary Kate broke in. "The place is huge, it's remote, and we have a security system in place. It's perfect."
"How much money are you hoping to raise?" Christina asked.
"We're thinking about a half million," Ashley said.
Brittany pursed her lips together. "You do realize that we are living in tough economic times, don't you? I mean, even we celebrities don't have bottomless pockets."
"Oh, come on!" Drew exclaimed. "This is for a very important cause."
"I know that," Brittany retorted. "But I doubt you're going to get many people to do it. The money just isn't there."
Kelly looked pensive. "I don't quite agree. I can think of a lot of people who would definitely come to this...this...what did you call it?"
"Jerk-A-Thon," Ashley replied.
"Yeah, Jerk-A-Thon. Let's face it girls, we're all rich. Every one of us. And I know several of my personal friends who would love to see the show."
"Well, you guys are the ones who are going to make it happen," Ashley said in a serious tone. "Mary Kate and I can only do so much. We already have a list of guys who are ready and willing to take part in the show. It's up to the rest of you, as our fundraising committee to put the machine in operation. You all know what you have to do, so let's do it. Any questions?"
"Yeah," Brittany asked. "Who are the guys?"
"Well, you probably know some of them already. Let's see, there's Craig and Barney, the little dwarf guy with the huge testicles..."
"Joey Balls!" Drew squealed. "I heard a lot about that mother fucker from Phoebe. What a laugh!"
"You won't laugh when you see the size of his nuts."
"And what vast amounts of stuff come out of them!" Mary Kate added.
Christina nearly spit up the liquid she had just drunk. "Jesus! I heard about that guy. How did you convince him to come? Doesn't he live in Australia or something?"
"He lives in New Zealand now," Ashley said. "But he got out of the circus business a long time ago. He's strictly freelance now."
This comment, made so casually, had the rest of the girls laughing hysterically.
"Balls for hire!" Brittany laughed. "Who else do we have?"
Ashley looked at her notes. "There's uh...that guy Tom Murphy..."
"Yes, yes," Mary Kate interjected. "You remember him, Ash. That place up in Vermont last year..."
"Right. His wife's name is...Abby."
"Uh huh. You were there Drew, weren't you?"
"I sure was. I have the cum stains on my Gucci handbag to prove it."
"That was some show." Mary Kate said wistfully. "You have to admit it rivaled anything Phoebe ever put on."
"You're probably right. We were literally awash in sperm that evening."
Kelly removed her shoes and put her legs up on the sofa. "Okay, Ash, who else?"
A smile came across Ashley's face. "Well you won't know this guy, but Mary Kate and Drew will remember him: King Matumba!"
"Ah, yes, "Drew said fondly, "the big, black guy from Africa with the humongous meat stick. I remember him very well."
"How could you forget him?" Mary Kate chuckled. "He was quite a character."
"And there is this other guy," Ashley began. "But I don't recognize the name." She looked at the other girls. "Is this one of your suggestions?"
"Are you talking about Anthony?" Drew asked.
"Yes. Anthony Riddle. Who's he?"
Kelly moaned loudly. "Oh, come on, Ashley. Haven't you ever heard of the "La Fontaine" club in downtown LA? The main room?"
"I know the La Fontaine club, but I never..."
"That place is known for its CFNM events," Kelly interrupted. "I went there once with some friends of mine to see a strip show. And the guy who brought the house down was this same guy—Anthony Riddle—otherwise known as..."
"Big Anthony." The look on Drew's face suddenly brightened. "He's my boyfriend."
A momentary silence came over the room, followed by some jittery laughter.
"Anthony Riddle?" Brittany finally said. "You're dating Anthony Riddle?"
"That's right," replied Drew. "He worked there for a few years before going into law."
"Are we talking about the same guy? The one and only 'Big' Anthony?" Christina asked.
"That's him."
"Holy shit! He's the guy who can have orgasm after orgasm without stopping, right?"
"Yup."
"Oh, my God!" Kelly exclaimed. "I can't believe you're dating him, Drew! Big Anthony was the guy who could shoot gallons of cum nonstop—like for a full minute or more. He just kept bringing himself off over and over again. I have never seen anything like it in my life. Is he still capable of the multi-orgasmic thing?"
"Oh, yeah," Drew replied with a wide grin. "He's still as potent as ever."
Suddenly the entire room was alive with excitement. Mary Kate especially wanted to know more about this wunderkind. "Oh, man! We have to see this!"
"Well, you're in luck," Drew laughed. "He followed us here in his own car but wanted to stop at a deli first. He should here momentarily."
"No shit!" Brittany squealed.
"Yeah, well don't get your hopes up. I just put his name down on the list as a joke. He got out of the business a long time ago. I don't think you're going to get him to perform for anybody."
Mary Kate smiled mischievously. "Well, maybe we can change his mind."
"Don't get any ideas," Ashley said sternly. "We're not here to force anybody to do something they don't want to do."
"But he'd be great for the show!"
"But he's a lawyer now."
"Just let me handle it Ash, okay?" She stole a quick glance at Drew. "That's if it's okay with you."
"Hey, look," Drew replied. "If you can convince him to do the show, that's fine with me. I have no problem with it."
Mary Kate smiled satisfactorily and took a large gulp of her soda, exulting in the ecstatic reactions of her colleagues.
Just then Ashley's cell phone rang. She picked it up and spoke for a few seconds, then put it back down on the table.
"Anna!" Ashley called out.
A short moment later, the pretty brunette appeared in the hallway.
"Yes, Ms. Olsen?"
"That was security. Drew's boyfriend, Mr. Riddle, is coming. Would you please let him in?"
"Certainly, Ms. Olsen."
Anna, still with broom in hand, scurried from the adjoining room toward the foyer. A few minutes later a tall, handsome and muscular young man stood at the entrance to the parlor. He stood about six feet tall and had brown wavy hair and blue eyes. He looked something like Leonardo DiCaprio but had a more business-like demeanor, dressed as he was in a three-piece, pinstriped gray suit. Ashley invited him to sit down, which he did, right next to Drew.
After introductions had been made, Anthony turned his attention to the twins.
"I really liked your new book, ladies," he said, smiling first at Ashley, then at Mary Kate. "Really excellent. I read it from cover to cover in a few hours.""Well, honey," Drew began. "It is a coffee table book. There's not much text."
"Yeah, well, I enjoyed it."
The twin sisters both thanked him and had Anna bring him a soda.
"Where are the other girls?" Mary Kate asked the housekeeper as she handed Anthony a glass.
"They are all working upstairs, Ms. Olsen," she replied. "As you instructed."
"I may have need of them shortly."
"Yes, miss."
Ashley looked at her sister askance. "What are you up to?"
"Nothing," the younger sister replied coyly. "Just chill out."
"She's got something up her sleeve. I can tell," Drew snickered.
"Who me?" Mary Kate said with mock innocence.
"Yes, you!" Ashley chuckled. "I know that look."
Mary Kate ignored her sister and directed her gaze at Anthony, who was now gulping down his soda. "I hear that you used to work as a stripper at La Fontaine," she said bluntly.
"That's right," he replied. "But that was a long time ago."
"Did you enjoy it?"
"The money was good."
"So why don't you do it anymore?"
"I'm a lawyer now. Do you know of any lawyers who moonlight as strippers?"
Ashley looked a bit perturbed. "Oh, come on, Mary Kate. Give the guy a break."
"I'm just asking him a question," she replied hastily.
"Anthony is a big time attorney now," Drew said kissing him on the cheek. "I would think the two occupations are mutually exclusive."
"Does he know about the show?" Kelly asked Drew.
"Yeah, I know about it," Anthony interjected. "But if you're thinking about asking me to get involved, you can forget it."
Mary Kate said nothing. She just stared at the very handsome man and in her mind's eye she saw him fully naked on stage at La Fontaine, furiously jerking what she believed must be an enormous dick in front of a crowd of wild and screaming women. Her intent stare made Ashley uncomfortable.
"I know what you're thinking," she said softly to her sister. "Remember, it's not just him. It's Drew's feelings you have to consider to."
"She just said she has no problem with it," Mary Kate said defensively. "Just go with the flow will you?"
"We've heard about you," Christina said to Anthony. "Drew told us all about it."
Anthony shrugged. "It's no secret. The entire world knows what I did before I went legit."
"No," Brittany said. "What she means is, we know about the quality of your performances."
Anthony laughed heartily. "Oh, that! Yes, it's true. Whatever my darling Drew told you is true."
"I know it's true," Kelly said with certainty. "I was there in the audience back in 2006 when you were doing the midnight show."
"Really?" Anthony said looking rather pleased. "And what did you think of my performance?"
Kelly giggled loudly. "Are you kidding? It was fucking great! Two of my girlfriends told me that they came from just watching you shoot that massive load of yours!"
Everyone in the room broke out with laughter.
"God, I wish I had been there," Mary Kate said absentmindedly.
"Well, I'm sorry but I don't have any DVDs of my shows, otherwise..."
"Otherwise what?" Mary Kate said excitedly, "You'd let us see them?"
"If I had them, yes."
"I'd love to see that!" Brittany said, looking a little flushed.
At this point, with the conversation tending to get progressively lewd, Mary Kate ordered Anna to bring another round of drinks for everyone—this time it was hard liquor. "And open those windows," she instructed the housekeeper. "It's getting a little warm in here."
As Anna went about fulfilling her duties, Mary Kate continued to play her little mental games with the handsome attorney. She noticed as they talked more and more about his former profession, that he, too, was not immune to the stimulating inferences about his sexual capacities. When he described for the women in detail one of his rather prodigious feats of ejaculating continuously for over a full minute, she saw that his cock had grown hard in his pants. Everyone else noticed it too and Drew lost no time in letting her hand fall gracefully between his legs.
When Anna returned with bottles of liquor and wine, the guests partook of their libations freely. Mary Kate and Ashley, however, each nursed a glass of white wine, refusing to allow themselves to succumb to the numbing effects of alcohol.
"I really don't know any guy who can manufacture such huge quantities of sperm," Drew began, already feeling woozy from just her second glass of gin and vodka. "That big schlong of his is almost more than I can take."
"How big is your cock?" Kelly brazenly asked the young man—she, too, beginning to feel the effects of the gin.
"A full ten and a half inches," Drew answered for him. "I measured it the first time we had sex."
"Christ, that's big!" Christina exclaimed.
"But that's nothing compared with the size of his balls," Drew said. "Those things are huge and they make billions of little spermies every fucking day."
"I'll be they do," Mary Kate said, licking her lower lip and staring directly at Anthony's crotch.
"Which, of course, have to be drained every fucking day!" Drew laughed aloud.
"Really?" Ashley said. "And do you cum multiple times every time you ejaculate?"
"No," Anthony replied, feeling somewhat abashed. "That only happens if I have abstained from ejaculating for several days. And I also have to tease and deny myself for a little while to get the pressure to build up so that the cum can shoot out like it does."
"Like the way I saw you do at La Fontaine," Kelly said. "That was amazing!"
"Yeah," Anthony replied, feeling proud of himself. "I think I must have shot a gallon of cum that night."
"All I remember is that my girlfriend grabbed me and turned me around just in time so that I could see you launch a half dozen shots of cum high up into the air. I thought that was incredible by itself. But you kept shooting out those huge sticky wads one after another, and I just stood there completely dumbfounded. I think I must have counted about twenty ropes of cum from just the first ejaculation."
"You mean there was more?" Mary Kate inquired, now sitting on the edge of her seat.
"Plenty more," Kelly laughed. "I watched him use the cum on his dick as lube... and he kept stroking and stroking really fast until he launched another round of cumshots into the audience. The women went completely berserk. I don't think there was a dry set of panties in the place that night."
Mary Kate whistled loudly. "Oh my God, Anthony! You're like a fucking cum machine! You have to do this show of ours. You have to!"
By this time Drew and Anthony had both gotten so turned on by the sexual talk that she demanded he pull out his prick there and then. It was apparent that any inhibitions Anthony had had been slowly, inexorably, broken down by the combined effects of the whiskey he was freely imbibing and the lasciviousness of the conversation.
"We haven't had sex in a week," Drew informed the other girls. "He's been in Boston on business and he's very, very horny, as you can all see."
There was no other place to look. Anthony's cock was now firmly outlined in his trousers. Mary Kate agreed that he must be indeed quite horny.
"I won't lie about that," Anthony said as he watched Drew toy with his zipper. "What are you doing babe?"
"Well, if you're not going to be in the show, maybe you can give us a private performance."
"Are you serious, babe?" he asked, mildly amused.
"Why not? You need to cum don't you?"
"Well, yes, but right now? In front of everybody?"
"Of course, silly! You used to do it all the time in the strip clubs. Don't tell me you're getting shy?"
"Come on," Christina said encouragingly. "Let's see that big tool of yours, Anthony."
"I want to watch you jerk off," Kelly said, making it sound like an order. "Just like you did at La Fontaine. That was great!"
"Are you sure about this?" Anthony said, deferring to Drew.
"If nobody else minds."
"Do it," Ashley said, happy as the others to watch the handsome young man beat his meat for them.
"Mary Kate," Drew said. "Would you like to get things started?"
Without a second's hesitation, Mary Kate was sitting beside Anthony, helping Drew extricate his swollen cock from his underwear. When the monstrosity finally sprang into view, a chorus of hushed moans greeted his ears.
"Fucking excellent," Mary Kate said hoarsely as she ran her hands quickly up and down the throbbing pole. "We're going to work this thing and work it some more until all those little white sperms are begging for release. Do you understand me, Anthony?"
"Yes," he replied breathing heavily.
"I love nothing more that watching a guy shoot ropes and ropes of sperm. It turns me on like nothing else in the world."
"I can't believe this is happening!" Anthony cried. "Little Mary Kate Olsen giving me a handjob!
"She's not so little anymore," Ashley offered. "And she was never naïve."
As Mary Kate continued to stroke Anthony's ever expanding cock, Ashley gave orders to Anna to get the other five women housemaids and lay down a layer of sheets to cover the floor to protect it from the sperm shower she knew was on its way.
"Hurry up," she instructed. "And make sure the entire area is covered from where he's sitting up to the piano. Get going."
"Yes, Ms. Olsen."
In a matter of minutes Anna returned with the five maids who were all completely startled at what they saw. Despite this, they did as they were told and finally had the sheets in place on the floor. Ashley then invited them to stay and watch Anthony's masturbation.
"You are going to see something that you have never seen before," Ashley told Anna and the other five women, who had been instructed to stand behind Drew and watch as Mary Kate aggressively stroked Anthony's glistening prick.
The five women varied in age and looks. Anna, who was the head housekeeper, was in her mid-fifties, somewhat overweight with huge breasts and a very pretty face. She was short with black hair and brown eyes. Like all the other girls under the Olsen employ, she had come from Mexico years earlier to find work in California. The youngest of these was named "Maria," whose eighteenth birthday had been celebrated just a few days earlier. Although initially shocked to see a strange man being masturbated by her employer, she felt secure with Ashley's assertions that everything was well under control. This was further impressed upon her by realizing that all the women were clothed and outnumbered the semi-naked man 12 to 1.
Maria had never seen such a huge penis, and she could not take her eyes off it. As Mary Kate's tiny hand moved rhythmically up and down Anthony's prick, she felt as if her pussy was on fire and she let out an involuntary moan. The other women in the room thought this was funny.
"Would you like to give it a try?" Drew asked the young girl.
"Yes, miss," Maria replied.
"Well then, come over here."
Mary Kate moved aside to let Maria take over and soon the pretty girl had Anthony in a state of bliss.
"This is incredible," he said, watching her lovely tanned fingers play with his cock. "I really love, and I meanlove, aggressive women."
Maria looked up at him and smiled while she continued masturbating him with one hand while fondling his balls with the other.
"Why don't you tell us a little about your shows at the La Fontaine?" Brittany asked Anthony. "I'd like to know more about it."
"Well," he began. "Before I started working there I had considered a career in porn. But a friend of mine was already working for Chippendales and convinced me to audition."
"So you wanted to be a dancer?"
"Not really. I just wanted to fuck as many women as possible. Sounds crass, but that was how I thought back then."
"How do you feel about it now?"
He laughed. "Well, I hope I'm a little more mature about it. The truth is: I love women who are self-confident, like Drew—like this girl here. What's your name?"
"Maria."
"Yeah, like Maria. Do you see the way she grips my cock? Like she's in control. I love to be controlled by women. And I love to masturbate for them. That's what drew me to the CFNM lifestyle and to the Fontaine."
Maria was thoroughly enjoying masturbating Anthony. She seemed oblivious to everything around her. Her devotion to his huge prick was not lost on Drew and the others.
"You really seem to know what you're doing," Drew said to the young girl.
"I have had a lot of practice," Maria replied without skipping a beat.
"Oh yeah? On who?"
"Lots of boys. My cousins, a few boys at school—even on my stepbrother."
"You're stepbrother?" Ashley exclaimed. "Why, Maria, you are really very naughty."
"I can't help it. I love to play with his penis—to make it big and hard. And to make it squirt out all the semen."
"But what is it about sperm anyway?" Christina asked no one in particular. "I mean, it's just a white milky substance yet so many girls go crazy over it. I don't get it."
Kelly looked at the elfin lovely as if she had two heads. "Are you kidding? It's not the sperm, per se, Christina. It's the whole act of masturbating a guy until he's going crazy and absolutely has to shoot his load. Knowing that you are the one in control; that you can make him do anything you want because you decide when and evenifhe's going to cum."
"So what you're saying is that it all comes down to a matter of control."
"Yes. Control equals power. And power is sexy."
"Of course, the converse is also true," said Drew. "Some guys like to dominate women, which make them feel powerful and sexy, while other guys, like Anthony here, like to be dominatedbywomen. For him, it's sexy to be submissive—just as it's sexy for Maria to be dominant." Drew watched as Maria's small but talented hands brought Anthony's prick to the point where it was now dripping pre-cum from the gaping slit atop its ever-expanding head. "And you do feel sexy and powerful when you bring guys off, don't you Maria?"
"Yes, miss. I like to control it. To make it shoot."
As the tiny Mexican girl said this, she gave Anthony's huge tool several quick strokes to accentuate her intent. Anthony groaned with pleasure.
"I can't wait to see him explode," Kelly said with a big smile. "You'd better get out of the way Maria. He shoots like a fucking horse."
"I think Maria has had enough for a while," Drew said, pulling the girl's hand away.
"Oh, but babe," Anthony protested.
"I'm sorry, but I don't want you cumming too fast. These girls want to see your multiple ejaculations. We'll just keep teasing and denying you for the next hour or so and then let you bring yourself off in front of us. Okay?"
Reluctantly, Anthony agreed. "Well, if all you are hell bent on seeing me cum multiple times..."
"We are," Mary Kate assured him.
"Absolutely," Ashley agreed.
"Can I stay to see it too?" Maria asked Ashley.
"Of course you can. I want all of you girls to stay and watch Anthony perform for us. Why don't you all get yourselves some chairs and join us. Take the rest of the day off and relax."
"You mean it, Ms. Olsen?" Anna asked.
"Yes, I mean it. Have a drink and enjoy the show."
The housekeepers were not as much thrilled that they had been given the day off as they were at being able to stay and watch Anthony entertain them. And entertain them he did.
Standing in the middle of the room, he slowly began to remove his clothes as he used to do in his nightclub routine. The all-male review at Chippendales was where he first learned how to strip for maximum effect, and he took this routine to La Fontaine's where he developed it further, incorporating actual hardcore sex into his performance—something he could never have done at Chippendales.
When he stood before the cheering women with just his underwear still on, he invited Drew to remove the black low-rise briefs he was wearing. She did so standing behind him, with both hands on either side of his shorts. With one motion she brought the briefs down to his ankles.
"Big Anthony!" Drew cried, as her boyfriend's stiff cock bounced up and down before the thrilled audience.
"Now that's a fucking big cock!" Brittany exclaimed.
Kelly and Christina gaped in awe at the stripper's tremendous appendage, appreciating its great size now that it was fully exposed to them. Drew gave his prick a few quick affectionate tugs and sat down next to Maria, proud to show off her new boyfriend for everyone's seemingly universal approval. Ashley and Mary Kate both stared at the monstrous organ with delight.
"Imagine getting fucked with that thing every night?" Mary Kate said softly to her sister so that the others couldn't hear.
"Not really," Ashley replied. "But I wouldn't mind beating him off every night."
Mary Kate shook her head in agreement as her eyes remained focused on Anthony's bobbing prick. "I can't wait to see him cum!"
During the next hour Anthony was asked dozens of questions: how he developed the technique of being multi-orgasmic; when did he discover that he had this talent; how often he masturbated; how much sperm he released; how far he could shoot, etc. And during this seemingly never-ending questionnaire he continued to masturbate himself, bringing himself to the point of ejaculation several times but always stopping just before he lost control. In this way he would build up the necessary pressure that would allow him to produce the prodigious quantities of sperm his audience demanded.
"How are you doing, babe?" Drew asked her panting boyfriend. "You look like you're ready to launch some seed."
"I am," he replied, as his hand worked his prick in feverish motions.
Mary Kate quickly got up and grabbed her video camera.
"No, you can't do that, Mary Kate," Drew warned the twin. "If you do, I have to keep the tape."
"Sure, Drew," Mary Kate replied. "But we should have a record of it."
"Fine. I just don't want it getting out. You know, he still has a rep to protect."
"No problem."
Anthony was nearing his orgasm. Mary Kate handed the video camera to Drew who asked Anthony to let her know when he was going to cum.
"Any second now, ladies," the young man said panting, his cock head dripping profusely with pre-cum.
"Just try to keep it on the sheets and away from my furniture," Ashley advised him. "I don't want the girls cleaning up sperm the rest of the day."
"You're the boss, Ashley," Anthony breathed aloud as he stole a glance at her sexy legs.
He was sweating now and his hand was moving very fast and insistently up and down his engorged pole.
The last thing he saw before he came were the twin sets of lovely legs that belonged to the beautiful sisters, each of whom were sitting next to each other with their legs crossed. Mary Kate provoked him to cum by jerking her closed fist in mid-air while running her tongue back and forth over her upper lip. That was all Anthony needed.
He thrust his hips forward and screamed like an animal. "Oh fuck! Mary Kate you're such a prick teaser!"
"Squirt! Squirt! Squirt!" the beautiful temptress laughed.
All eyes were on his now erupting organ.
"Watch this girls!" Drew shrieked as she focused the video camera on her boyfriend.
Anthony threw his back and howled, his hand now a blur on his spurting cock. With the taunting voices of the women cheering him on, he let go with a giant rope of sticky sperm that shot out from his huge dick so hard that it took everyone by surprise. It flew out so fast that it appeared like one long, whitish blur that kept arcing upwards toward the ceiling, finally making contact with Ashley's crystal chandelier. But the women had no time to pay it any attention because the second volley was now shooting rapturously over the heads of Kelly and Christina, both of whom had to duck to avoid being hit head on. All the women, especially the Mexican employees, shouted out in amazement at the tremendous quantity of sperm being released by Anthony's hugely swollen tool. Amidst cries of "Jesus!" Holy fuck!" and stares of incredulity, the stripper's fascinating organ continued to fire round after round of creamy sperm. Maria, Anna, and the other housekeepers exclaimed their approval in Spanish. Ashley and Mary Kate were spellbound.
"Ropes! Ropes!" Mary Kate incited the young lawyer as she kept jerking her hand in the air back and forth. "I want to see more ropes of cum!"
"Yeah," Ashley laughed hysterically. "Shoot those fucking ropes!"
Over and over, in answer to the twin's wishes, Anthony's prick kept launching giant strands of creamy sperm, and each time he did, the women shouted their approval and goaded him to deliver more of his spunk.
"I can't believe this!" Brittany cried as she watched two, three, four, and then five, six, and seven huge streams of cum fly past and into the wall behind her, coating the entire area, including a Maxfield Parrish print, with Anthony's lustful tribute.
Drew was in the throes of laughter as she watched her friend's reactions to Anthony's amazing masturbatory performance. She, of course, like Kelly, had witnessed firsthand what he could do with his miraculous tool. But seeing the effect it was having on her closest friends was something she could truly savor. She watched Maria's reactions to the ongoing cumshot display and was thrilled to see the young girl masturbating herself in front of everyone as the sperm continued to fly about the room in all directions, making sure to film not only Anthony's orgasm but all the women's reactions to it as well.
"Oh, God!" Anthony cried, as he launched another series of ejaculations, all of which landed over ten feet away on the protective sheets. And just as quickly as it had started, it now seemed to be over.
"Christ!" Kelly exclaimed. "That was fabulous Anthony. Just like I remember."
"He's not done," Drew reminded the pretty blonde.
"Are you sure..."Even before she could finish her sentence, as giant wad of cream was sailing once again into the air above the heads of the Mexican women. Each cried out in alarm but soon realized that the stream was arcing far above their heads and onto the window behind them.
Mary Kate laughed so hard that she spilled the contents of her glass on the floor.
"He's not fucking done!" she cried. "Come on, Anthony! Give us more ropes!"
Ashley was screaming with laughter at the amount of sperm that was now flying around the room in every direction. She, and the other women reacted with utter amazement as Anthony's pulsating prick fired off one giant cumshot after another, in pell-mell fashion, coating the sheets in his immediate vicinity with his prodigious offering. Finally, after witnessing the uninterrupted and voluminous flow of male ejaculate for what seemed several minutes, the women could only marvel and stare disbelieving at the nonstop barrage of endless semen that splashed onto the floor before them.
"Somebody turn off the hose!" Christina cried exuberantly.
Using his own sperm as lube, Anthony kept stroking his cock, unable to stop himself. He was completely covered in sweat.
"I'm coming again!" he yelled.
"Yeah, we know!" Mary Kate answered as she kept provoking him with lewd gestures.
"More sperm!" Ashley demanded. "Keep going!"
Anthony didn't need to be told. For a moment, he stopped jerking his dick and inhaled deeply, but the devilish Mary Kate, and those hand-jerking motions she was making, induced him to feverishly continue to masturbate himself, as if he wanted to impress her even more.
"You fucking pervert!" Mary Kate hollered at him. "I want to see more ropes of spunk!" She accentuated this demand by standing up next to him, pretending to masturbate an imaginary cock.
No sooner had she done that than he was shooting off another fresh round of sticky hot semen. One after another the ejaculations kept coming, with Mary Kate, Ashley, and all their friends savoring every fresh spurt of the handsome lawyer's love juice.
"This is so fucking cool!" Mary Kate said with joyous delight and she watched in utter fascination the abundance of sperm that was being launched right in front of her.
"I told you he could still come multiple times," Drew said to Kelly.
"It's fucking great!" Kelly admitted, never taking her eyes off Anthony's spurting organ.
Brittany was enjoying every minute of it. She laughed heartily when Anthony sent a huge load of cum flying in her direction, missing her by inches. Christina, too, was completely entranced by the outstanding performance. Drew merely sat back and watched in amusement as her lover entertained the women. She had seen it many times before, yet it was always exciting to watch and she never grew tired of it.
At one point, Anthony's concentration was momentarily broken when he heard Maria cry out in ecstasy. She had brought herself to an earth-shattering orgasm just from watching him cum and he could not help himself from pointing his cock directly at her, shooting several streams of hot cum over the young girl's clothes. The other housekeepers were at first stunned that he did this, but were so drunk and excited that they simply encouraged him to continue ejaculating all over the precocious girl. Maria was so completely turned on that she even opened her mouth, hoping to capture some of the flying sperm. Anthony obliged by aiming directly at the pretty girl's face and she managed to swallow a good portion of his sticky load.
"I want some too!" Anna cried, at this point overcome with lust herself.
Anthony wasted no time in getting several shots of his creamy spunk deposited straight into the middle-aged woman's open mouth.
"Shoot it all over my face, senior!" the housekeeper squealed.
Mary Kate and Ashley, who were closest to Anna, watched with delight as spurt after spurt of Anthony's molten cum lacquered Anna's face until it resembled a huge mass of white, sticky semen. The buxom woman laughed joyously as she played with the hot cream, sometimes drinking it down and sometimes showing everyone the slimy mess on her tongue, which she slid in and out until finally swallowing it in one, big audible gulp. Maria took it upon herself to lick the remaining semen from the older woman's face and she dutifully swallowed it down her throat too.
Drew was enjoying the utter decadence of this private showing. She liked Anthony, but didn't love him. And so she felt no jealousy or envy towards her friends as they laughed and enthralled themselves with his marvelous show.
"Are you done sweetie?" she asked him.
I don't know!" he answered as he sent another load of sperm flying onto Mary Kate's legs.
"Ha!" Ashley exclaimed. "He got you!"
Mary Kate quickly removed the semen with a napkin and sat back feeling thoroughly amused. "You're balls still look very full to me, Anthony."
"I think I'm going to cum again," he rasped, as he could not stop himself from stroking his cock.
"For fuck's sake!" Brittany exclaimed. "How much cum can one guy store in his balls?"
"Well," Mary Kate replied. "Let's find out. Anna, get me a big salad bowl. Anthony, I want you to sit here between Ash and me."
Anna rose to her feet and headed into the kitchen as Anthony sat down.
"What are you doing Mary Kate?" Drew asked.
"I want to find out how much cum he has left."Ashley laughed. "You're going to measure it?"
"It's not going to give us a total measurement but at least we'll have some idea of how much he's still got stored in those balls of his."
"This is really freaky," Christina said, as she watched Anthony lightly stroke himself.
"Just hold off coming Anthony," Mary Kate said. "Can you do that?"
"I think so," he replied. "But my arms are so tired I can hardly lift them."
"Don't worry about that. Ash and I will take care of you. That is, if you don't mind, Drew."
The beautiful actress sighed lightly and told Mary Kate to do whatever she wanted. "Drain him completely. You'll be doing him a favor."
Ashley wasn't so keen on her sister's idea and let her know it. But in the end, she too was just as curious to see what this man was really made of. She took out a small tube of hand cream and showed it to Mary Kate.
"Oh, great!" Mary Kate said. "The magic cream that makes you cream."
Anthony looked perplexed. "What is that stuff?"
"This is a really great masturbation cream," Ashley said. "Put some on your dick and Mary Kate and I will beat you off with it."
He took the tube from Ashley and began applying the cream to his cock.
"Make sure you don't use too much," the elder twin suggested. "It may get too slippery."
"You girls are really kinky," he said as he applied the cream. "I had no idea."
Mary Kate giggled. "Most people don't."
"And never will," Ashley said with an air of finality.
Anna came back with a huge glass salad bowl and was told to give it to Maria.
"I want you to sit in front of Anthony with the salad bowl in front of his cock," Mary Kate instructed the lovely Mexican girl. "You are going to use it to catch all of his sperm so that we can measure it."
"Yes, Ms. Olsen," the girl replied as she took a chair and sat down before Anthony. Mary Kate handed Maria the salad bowl and turned to her sister. "Are you ready?"
"Ready," Ashley replied.
"Are you ready Anthony?"
"Better start jerking girls. I'm ready to pop."
Both Ashley and Mary Kate laughed as their tiny hands encircled Anthony's towering prick. Kelly, Christina and Brittany, along with the housekeepers, moved into a closer position so that they could witness the experiment firsthand. Drew stayed where she was, content to know that Anthony was being so expertly serviced.
"Keep the bowl tilted at an angle," Drew advised Maria. You want to make sure you capture all that nice, yummy spunk."
The twins masturbated Anthony with a deft, machine-like rhythm. They had been used to jerking off guys for years—most times in lieu of sex—and they had become quite adept at it. Maria watched the twin sister's hands move in tandem up and down the greasy hot shaft and she was anxious to watch him erupt yet again.
"We're going to drain his balls, Ash," Mary Kate sang. "Every fucking drop of sperm is going to find its way into the salad bowl."
"I hope he fills it up," Ashley said, moving her hands a little faster on Anthony's prick.
"I think he will," Mary Kate replied, keeping pace with Ashley's new rhythm.
Maria watched Anthony's face contort with unbearable pleasure under the assiduous stroking the twins were providing. She knew that he wouldn't last much longer, and neither did anybody else.
"Get that bowl ready, Maria," Mary Kate said, feeling that Anthony was now on the verge of ejaculation.
Maria inched the bowl up to Anthony's prick, tilted at a 45-degree angle, as Drew had suggested.
"Perfect," Ashley said. "You can cream any time you want Anthony."
"I think he's gonna cream right now," Kelly said, licking her lips in anticipation.
Anthony gave out a muffled scream as his cock began to twitch. Instinctively he pushed his hips upward, trying to fuck both of the twin's hands. "You're making me cum again!" he cried, overcome with lust and pleasure. "Mary Kate and Ashley are forcing more cum out of me!"
"That's right," Mary Kate laughed. "Just call us the cum collectors!"
Everyone broke out in laughter at her comment and as she and Ashley pulled up on his huge organ, he began to erupt.
"Here it comes!" Christina exclaimed.
"Oh God!" Anthony screamed. "I'm fucking coming!"
The first splash of hot semen coated the bottom of the salad bowl, and then ricocheted onto the sides where Maria's hands dutifully kept the bowl in position. The girl was almost physically thrown back by the force of the ejaculation, but she held her ground admirably, watching intently as the sperm continued to find its way into the bowl.
"God, that was excellent!" Mary Kate laughed. "Give us more ropes Anthony!"
"Ah!" he cried out as the women watched rope after rope of hot, sticky, semen splash around in the bowl.
"I love this," Brittany said as she counted Anthony's seventh ejaculation. "And they're all so strong too! Not one weak spurt. The girls are gonna love this guy. Oh, look at that one!"
What Brittany had seen, as well as everyone else, was one of Anthony's really long jets of cum, which in actuality was a multiple orgasm. Drew knew this instantly.
"He's experiencing multiple orgasms ladies. That's what you wanted to see. You got it."
Mary Kate and Ashley kept stroking his tool with increased speed and pressure, desirous to remove every last drop of cum from his huge testicles.
"How are you doing, Ash?" Mary Kate asked.
"My hand is getting tired."
"Don't stop now! He's got more inside there. Let's drain the son of a bitch dry!"
As if in compliance with her wishes, Anthony let out a huge groan and his huge organ erupted once again with a multiple orgasm, sending wave after wave of fuming spunk into the now half-filled bowl.
Maria had to position the bowl at a precise angle to keep the sperm inside from spilling out. She was completely overwhelmed by the amount of cum Anthony had ejaculated and wondered if it would ever stop. One of the housekeepers intimated that Anthony must be taking some form of sexual drug to make him ejaculate so much, but Drew insisted that his eruptions were purely normal—for him.
"I know what you're suggesting, but you're wrong," she told the woman. "He's a freak of nature, that's all. Just enjoy it and keep watching."
The bowl Maria was holding was dangerously close to becoming so full of cum that Mary Kate's experiment would soon be compromised. Something had to be done.
"Anna," Mary Kate said. "Get another bowl and trade places with Maria. Hurry up!"
Anna once again ran into the kitchen and returned moments later with another huge glass salad bowl. With perfect timing she traded places with Maria just as Anthony was getting ready to fire another blast of cum.
"Drain me Mary Kate!" Anthony screamed as he watched the Olsen girls work their magic on his prick. "Drain me Ashley!"
Both sisters took this as a cue to administer a blistering handjob to the man, and this time Kelly, Christina, and Brittany got their hands on either his cock or balls, intent on milking him of the remainder of his precious fluids.
"I feel it!" Brittany said excitedly. "I can actually feel his vein pulse in my hand!"
"The sperm is on its way!" Ashley laughed.
With five sets of hands now working energetically and in tandem, his prick had no chance of retaining whatever juice was still left inside. With a low growl, Anthony once again forced his prick up into their furiously pumping hands and gave up what remained of his cream.
"Squirt, squirt!" Maria said as she watched the sperm splash into the bowl. With each upward pull on his cock, another long, sticky rope of hot spunk found its way into the glass container.
"Oh, Anthony!" Mary Kate said coyly. "What nice pearly ropes you're shooting out. Keep shooting baby! Keep shooting!"
And shoot he did. It was almost inconceivable that any man could store that much semen in his body, yet it was true—Anthony was indeed a cum machine. As the girls watched in ever-increasing incredulity and amusement, Anthony's cock continued to release its pent up sperm.
"The bowl is almost full again," Anna said worriedly. "What should I do?"
"Nothing," Mary Kate said. "I think he's done now."
Anthony was indeed finished. With one last creamy burst he was done— completely drained of his sperm.
"God damn!" Kelly said. "We need a bath tub for this guy!"
"I can't believe it," Christina laughed. "Look at all it all!"
Drew chuckled to herself. "I told you guys what to expect. Do you believe me now?"
After the salad bowls had been removed and emptied of their sperm and put into a single container and weighed, Mary Kate informed everybody as to the results.
"Approximately one quart of cum," she said flatly.
"No fucking way!" Kelly exclaimed.
"One quart," Mary Kate said again with all seriousness. "What? You're telling me you don't believe it? You were there at La Fontaine, Kelly. You saw it for yourself."
"I know what I saw Mary Kate, but it still seems too incredible to believe."
"Well, believe it. This man is freak of nature. Just as Drew said he was. And that was only half of what he produced."
"I told you," Drew said, laying the video camera aside. "Anthony is not of this earth."
Brittany chuckled. "And neither is his dick."
Drew laughed. "That's for damn sure. Anyway, I've got it all on videotape for you Mary Kate. You and Ashley will enjoy this I'm sure. Just make certain that it remains in your possession. Promise?"
"We promise," Ashley assured her.
Anthony was too tired to make any comments but there was a big smile on his face. "Mary Kate and Ashley. I will take part in your show if you still want me."
"Are you serious?" Ashley asked excitedly.
"Yes."
"That's fucking excellent!" Mary Kate said. "Of course we want you. Are you kidding?"
"Oh my God," Ashley said turning to her sister. "Do you realize what kind of a lineup of men we're going to have? This show is going to be remembered for decades to come."
"And beyond," Mary Kate added, grinning from ear to ear.
It looked like the Jerk-A-Thon was shaping up to become a great success.
(To be continued.)
************