Sue was about 5'4", a natural redhead with long, curly hair and that pale, white skin. She could stand to lose maybe 15lbs, but that meant she had nice big tits - I'd guess at 36 or 38D. She was the stereotypical redhead when it came to sex, wanting lots of it, usually on her terms. She and I had dated for a while, until she cheated on me. We'd both moved on and pretty much became friends with benefits over the years - often cheating on whoever her current boyfriend was, when it seemed he didn't share some of her turn ons. I, on the other hand, knew her buttons, even some she claimed she didn't have.
One day she called me to come and show me her new car. She pulled up at my place, and we did the obligatory walk around, oohing and aahing. She wanted to show me how it drove, so we got in, and set off. She was obviously quite proud of the machine, but when we got on the freeway, I reached over and undid a few buttons on her blouse. She looked around nervously, as she was worried about being seen, but the traffic was all busy trying to get home from work rather than look to see what was going on in other cars. I undid a couple more buttons. She got more nervous. I lifted out one tit from the bra cup, and started caressing all that flesh and playing with the small, pink nipple, which quickly went hard. I pulled the other cup down, as it didn't seem fair to focus on just one tit, and she soon left the freeway and headed towards a local make-out place, still looking around to see if anybody could see her state of undress. She kept looking down to watch me playing with her tits.
When we pulled up into the parking lot we were the only ones there, and she put her tits away again, and did up the buttons on her blouse, then got out of the car. It looked like she'd come straight from work, and was wearing business-wear, so we took it slowly so she didn't twist an ankle in her heels. We went a hundred yards or so from the car park, then left the trail into the undergrowth.
By now, it was starting to get dark, and I leant up against a tree and pulled her to me. We just kissed for a while, and then I got her tits out again and felt her up through the skirt she was wearing as she stuck her tongue in my mouth. It felt like she was wearing stockings and a garter belt, so maybe this wasn't as unplanned as it had seemed. After I'd sucked her nipples for a short while, she pulled her skirt up a little, allowing her to squat down, undo my jeans and get my dick out. It was already pretty hard, and she ran her hand up and down it a few times, then her tongue, and then just devoured it - it was obvious that the tit-play had got her in the mood.
She sucked my dick for quite a while, but it became obvious that that wasn't what she'd brought me here for. She stood up, straightening her skirt again, and we kissed for a few minutes more while I fondled her sensitive tits. I knew she liked having her tits played with, and could often cum through that alone. I pulled up her skirt a bit so I could reach up and pull her panties down, having her step out of them one foot at a time. I commented on her stockings, and she just smiled, saying she was glad I liked them. She'd never really wanted me to go down on her, so I turned her around and she bent over. I rubbed my dick up and down her wet pussy, then slowly pushed it in as she moaned at me to get on with it.
A few minutes of slow thrusting, and I reached around and undid the few remaining buttons on her blouse, and played with her tits as they sagged away from her chest. Then I took her blouse off and draped it over a nearby branch. It wasn't doing much to help, so her bra came off next, leaving her topless with her skirt up around her waist. She said she didn't want to be naked, but I unzipped her skirt all the way and took it off over her head so we didn't have to stop fucking. She wasn't naked, she still had her shoes, stockings and garter belt on. At this point she started cumming, and hard, biting her hand so she didn't cry out - not that there was anybody about to hear her. When she'd come down from her orgasm, I knew she didn't like me being too deep in her after she came, as she'd get sensitive, so I stood her back up so I could kiss her neck and feel her tits until I came inside her. We stood there like that, with me stroking her body until I started to go soft and plopped out of her.
We cleaned up, and I watched her get dressed. We walked back to the car, hand in hand, in the dark. It was still the only car in the parking lot, and we got in it and she dropped me home.