But before we continue I must tell you where it started.
We were out for a friends birthday, nothing special just a nice meal and few drinks after.
We met up just outside the restaurant and had the normal meet up. The girls squealed and the lads shook each others hands and wrapped each others biceps around each neck to show the level of masculinity. As "the boys" do.
We entered the restaurant and I was second to last with her in front of me. She was wearing a floaty dress that only just covered her arse and left nothing to the imagination. My eyes were transfixed, all I could think about was lifting up and wondering what treasures laid beneath. She quickly stopped in front of me and turned round. I didn't stop in time and before I knew it I'd fallen into her.
We both fell to the floor. Highly embarrassed and with her husband glaring at me. I quickly stood up and helped her to her feet, just as I was though she parted her knees to assist in her standing up and I seen the white g string that she was underneath.
She saw me looking and abruptly stood up.
She apologised and on we went, it was at that time that I felt it, the tent that was growing in my trousers.... What a night not to wear underwear I thought to my self. Then the questions started, oh my good did she feel it, did she know it was because of her, did she feel like eyes burning into her dress wanting to see her arse. One thing I knew I needed this to go down before I was seen as some kind of pervert.
We reached the table and I thought to myself thank god for that I can hide it till he goes down. It was a booth and she was sitting next to me.... I could smell her aroma, the perfume she wore just lingered, her chest partially exposed in the tight dress she wore and she defo I felt wasn't wearing a bra.
That was when it happened, she caught me looking at her then said to the table excuse me I'll just go to the bathroom, with it been a booth and her on the other side to me to the exit. I began to shift out, she insisted I didn't need to move and didn't want to disturb the table so she climbed over me, she brushed passed me knowingly running her arse against my crotch, feeling every inch that I tried to hide, which make its even worse, was it was her bare arse under the dress that was running the full length of my cock. This lasted for 30 seconds but felt like minutes if not hours, then she went.
PING my phone goes, it's a snap, I never receive snaps, I see it's from her....
As I hit the button to open, I see the words written "is that for me!"
Dumbfounded I can't concentrate on what to write so I close it and put it back in my pocket.
PING, my phone goes again, it's her!
"I know it is and I caught you looking, do you like looking or should I stop."
I knew I was busted and if I wasn't careful to is could turn very bad, very quickly. I put my phone back into my pocket. I need to stop, but she's leading me on. My mind is confused but I know I want to see more, but I'm sat right here next to her husband, what am I thinking.
She returns to the table but this time I get out been the gentleman I am, that doesn't stop her as, as she's getting into the booth she again brushes her peachy arse against my ever growing hard cock, I know I need to sort this I made my excuses and off I went to find the bathroom.
As I ushered past the staff and customers of a well known busy restaurant I had to put my hand in my pocket and hold my dick to prevent him from tenting for the world to see. I finally reached the bathroom door and knew I was safe. I entered one of the cubicles let my trousers drop to floor and out he sprang, with out a single thought my hand was wrapped around my length and I was working it. Just as I was finding my rhythm I heard the door open and a very recognisable voice called my name. At this point I couldn't stop and as he was talking to me I came all over the stalls. Who you ask was the voice. It was the husband of her.
I wiped myself off, pulled my trousers up and walked out of the stall. It was at that point I realised I had just cum to her, husband shouting my name, whilst thinking of her.
As I walked out, he looked at me, said you okie mate. I said I am now and I smirked. He must of thought, what the fuck has gotten into this guy.
We both exited and as I ushered past her to get to my seat she pushed her arse into my crotch and gave me a very approving look, as if to say. I know what you've just been doing.
The rest of the meal was pretty much uneventful, we drank and spoke about what the fun times that we used to have and how adulthood has taken us away from that. It was at the end of the meal things began to get a little more interesting. When Lisa the matron of the group asked if anybody would be up for going out, out.
Now I'm the first to the party so I sing her by the hip and she knew what that meant.
The husband of her said that "no him and her were too tired."
She, much to my admiration stated you maybe but I'm going out to dance my knickers away, she then looked at me and winked.
He looked at her as if to say what the fuck, but she was adamant she was coming.
Three of us, then walked through the restaurant linked knowing tonight was going to get crazy.
We said goodnight to the others and off we went. We found a little quiet area in a local cocktail bar where we order some shots and some cocktails, to get the vibes flowing.
The only place we could find was a booth, a booth with no table but rather shelves either side. I had the perfect view.
After arguing about whose turn it was to get the tequilas in, Lisa finally gave in and said fine I'll go. She stood up and her dress rose up, she was wearing the smallest underwear I had ever seen, a nice green number.
She knew we both seen but said nothing and carried on to the bar.
She must of been jealous that I was showing another girls panties so much attention because she opened her legs and gave me a full view of exactly what she had on.
My jaw dropped as I could see perfectly the outline of her flower and could see a small part was very transparent. She leaned over and whispered in my ear, now you've seen them properly not just a peak, whose are better, who's going to make you go in the bathrooms and wank your big hard cock.
I then turned my head and whispered in her ear, well seen as though I've already cum over you today, I guess I'll go make it equal and knock one out over Lisa.
With that I stood up, giving her a very obvious look at the bulge that was developing in my trousers and made my way to the bathroom.
I could feel her eyes watching my ever movement until I reached the bathroom door.
As I walked in, two lads were in the cubicle and one was very much on his knees showing the other guy a good time, what they hadn't done was shut the door fully and stood watching them, I must of watched for 30 seconds but the ache in my dick had to be seen to and they were to busy with each other.
I opened the cubicle next to me, just my luck the door doesn't lock, at this point I didn't care I needed to get him out and needed to do what I came in to do.
I dropped my trousers and was going to work, the door was then pushed open and the two lads were stood there. One of them spoke and said you watched us, now it's time for us to watch you.
I just kept going looking at them both, I couldn't stop or help myself I just knew I needed to cum.
I'm going to cum I shouted as my cum landed on the lads cheek who had come for a closer look, he turned to the other lad and said that's what your meant to do, he then scooped my cum off his cheek and fed the other lad then kissed him. Now I'm not gay but that was sexy.
After that one of the lads gave me his number and said I'll be in touch, I said how I haven't gave you my number, he said no sweetie but I'm sure you'll message by the end of the night. With that he kissed my cheek and off he went.
I zipped up washed my hands and left another cubicle covered in my cum. Poor bar staff I thought to myself.
I rejoined the girls and Lisa was still at the bar, she turned to me. "Did you enjoy that, the two lads that walked out before you sure looked like they did."
My face must of dropped as she just started giggling. She still hadn't closed her legs and I could see now that the whole front of her underwear was completely transparent. She was clearly enjoying herself. I joked and said you'll need to take them off soon, and with that she recrossed her legs. I thought to myself, fuck have I crossed the boundary.
And in comes Lisa to save the day.
She handed me a blowjob gave herself a slippery tit and gave her a wet panties. We all managed the shots and then Lisa turned to me and said, they were from the two lads at the end of the bar. Me and her looked at each other and just burst out laughing.
Lisa then stood up, again flashing us her arse and I'm not going to lie it was the most perfect arse you can imagine.
She walked over to the lads and went and sat with them, now I don't know what was said or what she said to them but they came over and by me and her and made themselves very comfy.
They then out their hand in their pocket and pulled out something, they gave us each one and told us to put it in our mouth and swallow, with that instruction I nearly choked remembering what had happened in the bathroom.
Me, her and Lisa opened our mouths and said you want us to take them you're going to have to feed us. I'm went one, two and three, no questions asked. Why the hell not we are out to enjoy ourselves.
That's when she looked at me and said what the fuck have I just taken, one of the lads looked at me and said enjoy your night.
10 minutes passed and nothing, no effect I just felt drunker, but with the copious amounts of shots we'd had I thought that about right. It was then, that she opened her legs and I could see the wetness, the trail down her leg was glistening. Lisa noticed to and opened her legs, exactly the same, then my reaction. My cock grew in my trousers to a size that I had never seen, he was solid.
What the fuck had we just taken, what was this drug, a sex addict drug.
No matter what I tried I just couldn't hide him. I looked at them both and we all excused ourselves. Both girls went flying into the bathroom and I went into the cubicle again. I had to free him he was straining against the fabric and I was sure the pressure was going to rip the material.
I dropped them and I could see the Precum already. I was just cleaning myself up as the lads walked in. They were laughing when they seen just how hard I was. "Yep it worked on him." one of them said as he dropped to his knees and took my whole length in one go. He kept his head there until he gagged. Now as I mentioned earlier I'm not gay but I right now I needed this and what ever was in this drug made me want it even more. I couldn't stop myself, I fucked his mouth with everything I had.
I looked up and the other lad had gone, the lad on his knees had his cock out and was wanking himself off as I fucked his mouth, but right now I couldn't care, I knew I needed to cum, I held on to the sides of the cubicle and fucked his mouth as fast as I could, until I just couldn't stop myself, I let rope of cum just drown his throat, to the point where he had, had that much he gagged and out of his mouth it came, covering his cock.
I stepped over him and with out a word left him in the cubicle like the cum covered slut that he clearly was.
I done my best to protect my decency, knowing it was to still very obvious, I untucked my shirt and let it hang loose in one last ditched attempt.
I walked out the bathroom trying to find the girls. There they were, sat with quite dishevelled hair, clearly blushing and giggling to themselves.
Lisa spoke as i rejoined them asking if I enjoyed myself, I know I did, licking her lips at first before a little bite whilst looking at her.
I said come on, what gives are you going to tell me or am I going to have to prize it out of you.
Lisa held one hand up and told me to suck the two fingers she held out, I sucked them and ohh my readers it was nectar, lisa said that's me you've just tasted.
She the held her second hand up and told me to lick the two fingers she held out, she, then shyly said that's me you've just tasted. It was heavenly readers. It was at that moment that we all looked at each other and with our saying it to each other, everyone knew what ever happened tonight stayed in tonight.
Lisa then started laughing hysterically.
She told us both that the two lads at the bar had told her about some trial drug that they were using and that when she invited them over.
The drug was to help people reach full potential of your sex drive, Lisa explained that most people work on a sex drive of 50-60% but this drug dropped all inhibitions and made your body work to its full 100%.
She said they wanted us to try it after they watched you in the toilets.
I hung my head and shame. Lisa turned to me said don't worry your secret safe with me and so is the video. My jaw dropped as she shown a video of me wanking off in the bathroom, she said the lads had took it for "market research."
There I was wanking my dick with my eyes closed, knowing I was about to cum on the lads cheek. She was watching it and my dick was straining again.
With that phone was away and we carried on our night into the next bar. Lisa turned and round said be a good boy and you'll get a souvenir by the end of the night and with that they walked out, knowing that their dresses were hitched up so that I could see their panties.