True to her name, my wife Dixie is all Southern girl. Having been brought up near Atlanta, she speaks with that cute/sexy accent. Dixie is a sweet as the tea she drinks. She has lovely smooth curves, unlike the skinny California girls I grew up with. She is also shy about our making love, keeping all references in the bedroom "where they belong." As she becomes embarrassed at the slightest hint of sex talk, my father routinely teases her. He calls her his sexy daughter in-law because she is and because it makes her smile and turn away shyly.
She is also loyal to her home town being a patriotic Atlanta Braves fan. The only sports she will watch is baseball and the only team she will watch is the Braves. She also follows serious Southern superstitions. Game day finds her in a Braves jersey, without a bra, keeping it closer to her heart. She will always bet on the Braves, no matter the odds or bet, fearing that she will jinx them. These are all things that she should have kept a secret from my Father. Had she not learned from his teasing her about her sexiness?
As the Dodgers and the Braves were to play for the championship, this was sure to be one of the memorable season finalizes of Baseball within our family. Growing up when my Mother's home town Yankees and Pop's Dodger's played there was always light hearted competition at our house. I am not sure what all they bet, but I routinely rooted against Mom's Yankees. Each game they lost in the World Series would have my Mother watching the next game of the series in a sexy night gown. As the games progressed the night gowns became more revealing with each loss. Mom and her see through nighties made me a baseball fan for life.
As the series neared, Dad offered all the proceeds from his annual wild-game dinner to be given to a charity of Dixie's choice, if the Braves won. This was an event that brought in over a half of a million dollars a year for charity from a small group of five or six of Pop's closest friends. This was an evening close to all our hearts as the restaurant I owned catered the event. My compassionate wife jumped at the offer agreeing without any clue concerning the ramifications of a loss. He did not keep her guessing, should the Dodgers (as commonly expected) win, she would waitress the event ... "In a sexy, very very sexy uniform." To my amazement, my Baby assured him that she would live up to the agreement if the unthinkable occurred.
From the first game we went to my Parent's house for the series. Dixie in her jersey rooted hard for her team. I am not sure that dad really cared who won. He was clearly enjoying watching her breasts jiggle. He made a couple of comments concerning Dixie "must be getting excited, her nipples sure are hard." Whether she was getting used to it, or it was the competition, his comments appeared more of a turn on than cause the usual embarrassment.
With each game my father provided my sexy wife with a new "jersey", each showing a little more than the one before. By the eighth game Dixie was wearing a mesh Jersey and blue/red Braves panties with dug-out printed over her pubic area. I rooted with Dixie for a Braves win. For me it was just because I wanted to see what Pop even skimpier outfit Pop would have her in if there was a game nine.
The Braves did win and we returned with Dixie wearing a shear little Brave's teddy. The panties were so shear that her shaved pussy was clearly visible. It reminded me of my Mother's game day uniform many years ago. My mother met us at the door that evening in a long and completely see-through gown showing support (and all Mom's assets) for Dixie. I loved sneaking glimpses of both their bodies throughout the game. As we watched the Dodgers receive their World Championship trophy, Dad presented Dixie with a very sexy French maid uniform: Her uniform for the annual benefit dinner.
While I was coordinating the hors d'oeuvres in the kitchen, I snuck glimpses of Dixie mingling between the guests serving drinks. She was very sexy and she knew it. Rather than my shy wife blushing at compliments, she was now working for others in a less fortunate situation. Dad promised her that the choice of charities would be all hers; she would be as sexy as possible in fulfilling this honor. The men and women both were admiring her. She knew how to easily charm both. Flirty acceptance of compliments from the men encouraged more from them. Assuring the wives that each of them would be sure to loosen up wallets if they were wearing such a uniform, brought blushing giggles from the Ladies.
Father tapped on his wine glass, announcing the dining room was ready. As the chef, I stood in an obscure corner watching. Dixie continued to charm with her sexiness while filling wine glasses. One chair remained empty; my Mother was not yet seated in her place at the foot of the table. Father stood, again tapping his wine glass: "Mrs. Vandenberg." Upon the announcement, the gentlemen stood and Mother appeared in the beautiful shear (very shear) black gown. Underneath she wore a gold bra, which did more to accentuate than cover her breasts, and a matching gold G-string.
The dinner continued on wonderfully. My crew prepared each course magnificently. Dixie did not slip up. She presented each course with elegance, charm, and a sexiness that left every male, and female for that matter, flirting flagrantly with her. An old friend of the family took the liberty of running his hand over Dixie's silk panty clad ass while she was clearing his wife's plate. Dixie stood erect in mock indignation, "good sir, fondling the help's derriere is inappropriate, you are here by fined $5,000 for taking such liberties." The fines continued, eliciting cheers as men tallied up higher and higher fines. $10,000 for kissing her cleavage was apparently a bargain as each man in the room jumped at the opportunity to add that fare to his bill.
While Dixie made her rounds about the table, each of the ladies had slipped out of the room. Being a trained chef who strives toward nothing but perfection, this occurrence left me a bit nervous. Coffee was poured and ready to be served, preferably just prior to desert. Which I desired the ladies to be present for. Dixie did well in stalling, as she finished serving the coffee, one of her bra cups began coming loose. She flipped this opportunity for embarrassment to her advantage. All were made aware of her Janet Jackson like predicament. Men volunteering to rip her bra cup off became a bidding war. Dixie auctioned off not only her bra cups, but received $50,000 for a man to remove her panties uncovering her beautiful shaved pussy.
As if on cue, the ladies entered from the kitchen with great fanfare. Every one of the ladies had on a lingerie outfit belonging to my Mother. It was very erotic for me to see these women wearing very revealing outfits that I had seen my own mother clad in from different points in my life. Each carried a serving of my specialty tiramisu. They circled around the table coming to a stop, each directly behind their own husband.
Rather than serving their husband, they surprised the men again by taking a step to the left, serving the man beside their husband. With no effort being made to appear accidental, they rubbed their breasts over the arms and shoulders of the men they were serving. As one man pulled his friend's wife onto his lap, the rest followed. The ladies hand fed the men. Actually "Hand" is not quite appropriate as spoons were replaced by fingers, which evolved more and more erotic with kissing the pudding off of lips and course cleavage, with nipples being the final utensil of choice.
With the evening rapidly devolving towards an orgy, Father restored order tapping his wine glass. "Each man has a guest room assigned to him. Who he takes to that room will be determined by auction. Men, please submit an undisclosed bid to preserve your wife's chastity. The first bid to surpass your charity will see your wife in the bed of another man this night."
My own Wife was the first up for auction with my Mother second. Dad purchased Dixie while I bought Mom. While the evenings promise of bedding my Mother had my cock hardening, it elicited objections from the men. Our purchase of close family was not fair. Mother sustained their request stating, "you both will indeed pay the sum for redeeming us and shall receive your reward on a future night, but this night will have in the bed of another man."
The auction continued with wives bringing higher and higher bids. Over the evening, every husband was outbid by another man desiring to bed a friend's wife. Meg, a longtime friend of my Mother, slipped a hefty check into my hand. In my ear she whispered, "Over the years, I have dreamed of you on top of me. Fulfill my wish." Her confession had not been much of a secret to me or to my parents or her husband for that matter. We had overtly flirted with each other over the years in front of everyone and anyone. The only secret was that she had confessed to me on occasion her desires to have me for real, my Mom being her dearest friend was all that held her back from taking my virginity.
The last three ladies came up for auction, Meg, the re-sale of Dixie, and Mom. I started the bidding for Meg at the sum of her check, almost twice what had been paid for any of the wives previously. As Meg is very sexual, the price climbed rapidly. I would not allow Meg's lust to be withheld from me a night longer. Meg cost me a bundle, I do not regret a single cent.
For the final sale, Dixie was helped up on the chair that had been being used as an auction block, while another was brought over for Mother. The auction of my Mother and wife became not only a competition between men, but of which would bring the higher bid. Initially men were bidding on both of them at the same time, hoping to have the pair in their bed. The price soon soared to the point that this was not feasible for even these wealthy men. Dixie worked the men with amazing skill, giving a glimpse of her assets, or mouthing provocative encouragement to the bidders.
The bidding for young Dixie, who was on the block shy of bra cups and panties, slowly started to outpace the classy beauty of my Mother. Seeing that her golden bra and G-string had now become a dis-advantage for her, Mom paused the auction. Dad began the bidding for Mom's bra as an intermission. Watching my mother step off of the bidding block to allow the victor to remove the bra, made my cock rock hard. With her breasts and nipples on display for all, she pulled the winning bidders head down to her breasts giving him opportunity to kiss and suck her nipples. Returning to the block, Mothers G-string went up for sale. The bids again began to reach extreme highs as all were fully aware that the winner would not only remove her panties but would be allowed to lick her pussy.
Mom's gamesmanship brought new vigor to her competition with Dixie. Serious bidders were brought forward for close and personal looks at each of their assets. In beauty pageant fashion, Dad again paused the bidding to question the contestants; "For the talent competition, how will you bedazzle your suitor in bed tonight?"
Their answers contrasted sharply as Mom assured everyone that many years of pleasing my Father's varied fetish interests would be fully appreciated. Her gaze moved between each man, while eyes were locked she would reveal what each man's sexual preference was. "I would love to be bent over your knee Bob", turning to expose her ass she continued, "can you picture your handprint on my ass cheek?" Eyes, moving to the next man "I have the ability to relax my throat to take even your massive rod, John." Either from my Father or from their wives, Mom had heard everyone's preferences taking interest enough to have them memorized. While husband's cocks stiffened, wives blushed with revelation after revelation.
Dixie demurred, acting as if she was conceding to Mom's experience: "I have very little experience, having only been taken by one man." Exposing her shaved pussy, "I will probably start growing pubic hair soon." "My ass is a virgin and would probably be far too tight for your big cocks." She continue her erotic little girl tease, "You could probably teach me to give a blow job, I would have to pull my hair out of my face putting it in pigtails first."
Their answers brought the friendly bidding to a halt. The two wealthiest men outright purchased my Mother and Wife with bids that were beyond competition. As the men began leading their new purchase off to a guest rooms, the annual event was changed on the spot to every six months. With my arm embracing my childhood fantasy, I watched the two most wonderful women in my life, Dixie and Mom, led off to bed.
I owe you a full account of my night with Meg, who from that evening forward has insisted I call her Aunt Meg. The double date, that was the result of my purchasing Mother and Dad's investment in his Daughter In-Law is also a forth coming chapter.