Fiction
A few months after our little adventures, Dee's friend Cheryl called, her daughter was engaged, and she needed Dee's help to plan a bridal shower and help the maid of honor plan a bachelorette party. Dee was overjoyed to help, as she does event planning.
They sat down with the bride to plan the shower, later, Cheryl, Dee and Tracy started to plan out a bachelorette party. They decided to have both on the same day, and to help things out, they were going to rent the penthouse suite of a fancy hotel (Dee knew the manager and got a discount), it had a huge sitting area, dining area, and 3 bedrooms.
A few days before the event, Dee went shopping, she was gone all day, when she came home later that night, she showed me all the decorations she had bought, as well the "naughty" things she had bought for the bachelorette party.
They had the suite for two nights, the night before, I helped her decorate the room, the plan was a bridal shower for friends and family from 11 to 2, then those partying that night could rest for a few hours, before a party bus picked them up at 6:30, they planned a fancy dinner, a night club, then later a strip club with a male revue, before coming back to the hotel at some late hour. Since she had the place for two nights, Dee and I spent the night fucking, the huge tub, and twice in the king size bed, and with her pressed against the large picture windows.
The shower went great, only Cheryl, Dee and Tracy knew the plans for the evening, so after the regular guests left, Tracy informed the rest of the bridesmaids and Melody what was planned for the night, they broke off for various rooms, Cheryl and Dee shared a room, Melody and Tracy shared a room, the other 4 girls had the other room. At 6:30, in their party dresses, they headed out for the evening, I saw the pictures, it was definitely two cougars and 5 party girls heading out for trouble.
During the evening, Dee sent me pics of the events, including Melody getting a lap dance from two male strippers, and a video of Melody being led behind a curtain by two more.
Around 3 am, 7 drunk women staggered back to the hotel room, there was even more alcohol for them to drink. At some point, they all started talking about sex, and sexual escapades. As each told her wildest, Dee said she found herself giggling, not a one could come close to hers, so far, the wildest, one young lady who admitted to a lesbian romp her college roommate. When it was Dee's turn, she relived those theater visits. The women all stared, in awe, and blushing as Dee shared the details.
Later, sharing the bed, Cheryl asked Dee what motivated her to do something like that, when Dee said she didn't know, Cheryl then started to ask more questions. Was she worried she'd get caught? Was she worried her husband couldn't stop them?, etc., etc.
The following weekend, out of the blue, Dee came into the living room wearing a short, revealing dress, and asked to go out. She looked stunning, who was I to deny. All through dinner, she would rub my leg with her foot, very flirtatious with every guy, a few times intentionally slipping her dress aside to flash me. No idea what made her so horny, but I didn't care. In the car, she grabbed my cock and demanded I let her suck it. The we saw the adult theater, with a twinkle and a grin, she said to stop.
Inside the theater, we leaned against the wall, Dee slightly behind me, my arm around her waist. I felt her dress move, she squirmed, then squirmed again, suddenly in my ear she moaned there was a hand between her legs. She then suddenly pointed out a row, and headed to sit down. As I sat down, she said No, wait, I moved back to the wall.
As I stepped back, two men rushed to sit beside her, of her own accord, she slid her top down before they sat. They quickly took the lead, each reaching for a breast to play with. Dee leaned her head back, let out a little squeal, and slid down in the seat. One of the men slid his hand up her skirt, as he did, she spread her legs as wide. I heard her cry out "Oh GOD", then her body shuddered as she orgasmed. I thought she was done, no, she let them continue. This went on a few more minutes, then she stood up, I thought she was done and moved towards her, instead she turned, pulled the dress up and removed it, clad only in her heels. She said something to one of the men, he got up and moved to the other row, she knelt on the chair, and spoke to the other man.
The man who went around pulled his cock out, and Dee quickly gobbled it up, the other man crouched down, and began to eat her pussy and ass. I was shocked, how far would she take this, I wanted to stop it, but, she made no indication she was done. A few times she backed off from the cock she was sucking and groaned loudly, then right back to sucking. Suddenly the man grasped her head and pulled it tight, his body froze, as he came in her mouth, like a good girl, she took it all, only letting a few drops drip, the man behind her brought her to another orgasm.
Dee dropped back into her seat, the man stood up, with a dejected look, she reached out and took hold of his pants, he quickly undid them and pulled out his cock, she aggressively began sucking him off. In no time, he too came, not all in her mouth, some on her breasts.
She stood and motioned for me, I handed her her dress, rather than put it on, she strolled out nude, several men took a feel as she did.
She slipped the dress on, told me I was next, she planned to fuck me all night. I was so hard, I could drive spikes, in the car, she turned in her seat and started to finger herself, by the time we got home, she came once, and was on the edge. In the garage, I helped her out, as she walked around the front of the car, I grabbed her arm, spun and bent her over the hood, yanking her dress down as I did, she shrieked as her breasts hit the cold metal, I dropped my pants and rammed into her. She let out a scream that probably woke the neighbors. I fucked her hard, she had a small orgasm and begged me to fill her up, at that point I stopped, stood her up, slapped her ass and told her to get in the house.
I took her on the kitchen table, just the right height, I slipped in her again, telling her to play with her breasts, as I rubbed her clit. This quickly brought her to a screaming orgasm, her legs clasped around me, she shook so hard I thought the table might break. As her body came down, I started fucking her again, when I was close, I pulled out and shot my load on stomach, the many arcs shot across her breasts and face too.
She slid off the table panting, dropping to her knees, she took my cock in her mouth to clean it, and suck me hard again. We headed for bed, we fucked once more, in the morning, we fucked again. When I told her to put some clothes on, we'd head out for brunch, she slipped on the same dress, no panties, no bra. At the restaurant, we sat beside each other, I could reach between her legs and finger her. She hardly ate, but kept whispering my ear she needed to fuck some more. While we waited for the valet to bring the car around, she told me to find someplace to park, she wanted to fuck me in the car. A few blocks down was a park, and true to her word, she climbed on my lap and rode me for all she could.
The next day, I asked what got into her, with a wicked smile, she said that talking about sex with those young women, realizing how boring their sex lives were, all week she'd been thinking about it, and all week it had been making her hornier and hornier.
Two months later, Cheryl called, they went out for drinks, girl time. Over drinks, she brought up what Dee had told her, she was intrigued, had never been any place like that, and was afraid to go alone, when Dee offered to go with her, she was still worried, Dee offered I could take her. Cheryl came over the next day, we discussed things, I showed her several videos. When she left, she was confused, a little afraid, a little excited, definitely unsure.
Dee and Cheryl are similar, 53, great physical shape, both natural 34D, both wear a size 6, but Dee is an inch taller, Dee is a natural strawberry blond, Cheryl a brunette, both fit the cougar definition fully, a few years back, the three of us spent a long weekend in Vegas, both women constantly getting hit on by younger men. Cheryl has been married/divorced, and admittedly, only been with one man, her ex-husband, in the 10 yrs since their divorce, she's been with no one else, just a lack of motivation.
Cheryl called me two days later, she had more questions, I laughed and told her she was overthinking this, I would be very happy to take her, I would not let anything happen to her, she could go as far as she was comfortable.
That Friday, Cheryl called, she was ready, she wanted to go that evening, she asked what to wear. I said a sweater with a loose neck, with or without a bra, and slacks (I knew there was no way she was prepared for a skirt). I said I'd pick her up at 6, when she came out to the car, I could smell alcohol, she said she'd had a glass of wine for courage. Once in the car, she took her coat off, she wore a cream, button down sweater, a regular bra, jeans and flats.
15 minutes later we were buying tickets, the clerk buzzed us in. At the top of the steps was the gay theater, we went around the corner to the two regular screens. When we arrived, there were maybe 10 cars in the parking lot, so I figured they weren't very busy, I was right. We walked into the first cinema, on the screen, a young brunette was being railed by two guys, Dee and I stood in the back, after a few minutes she asked what the other movie was. In this screen, two MILFs were in a 3-some with a hung stud. There were two guys sitting, 2 more leaning against the wall. After a few minutes, Cheryl took my hand and headed towards the seats.
I had previously told her, when she was ready to sit down, take the second seat so I could sit on the end, it was safer, and quicker to leave, to sit with her legs together, her hands naturally at her sides, I would put my hand on her leg, she could hold my arm, when someone touched or made a move, to squeeze my arm, and when she was ready to leave, either just start to get up, or to tell me.
We took our seats, I put my hand on her knee and she took hold of my arm, a borderline death grip, I told her to relax, it would be fine. The two guys against the wall never moved, I heard movement behind us, I turned slightly, could see someone had moved to that row. A few minutes went by, Cheryl grabbed my arm, she said someone was touching the back of her neck, playing with her hair. I told her to relax.
The guy reached under her collar, moving it aside, as he came over her shoulder, she panicked and started to get up. We left the screen and headed for the bookstore area, she didn't head for the exit. I asked if she was ok, she was breathing hard, she wasn't actually prepared for someone to touch her. I laughed. We walked around a few minutes, she then said she was ready to go back in.
The clerk buzzed us in, she led us back to the same screen. We stood at the entrance a few minutes, then headed for the same row and seats as before, the guy still in his seat. After a few minutes, she squeezed my arm, I could see in the light, her sweater moving on the left shoulder.
The guy then got up and moved to our row, sitting beside Cheryl, I watched him, he smiled, she gave a cautious smile back, a death grip on my arm, I told her to relax, it was alright..
He was watching the movie, then reached over to cup her left breast with his hand, fondle it. The death grip on my arm returned, but she made no move to stop him. He reached out and started to undo the buttons, then panic set in, she had enough and rushed to get up, not even a warning. I followed her out, she fixed her buttons.
In the car, she was sweating bullets, I headed for her house, and walked her to the door. She was still so nervous, I had to help her with the keys, she said good night and pushed her way in. By the time I got home 10 minutes later, she was already on the phone with Dee. Later Dee said Cheryl was completely shocked by what went on, she was not prepared. I asked Dee if she wanted to go back? With a giggle she said someday.
Two months later, Cheryl called me at work one day, could we go that afternoon. I picked her up at 6, she came to the car wearing the same outfit as before, on the drive, she sat in silence.
We bought tickets and headed in, the same plan as before. She led the way to the first screen, I opened the door, then put my hand on her back and guided her to the wall across from the door, next to the seats. I stood behind her, a man walking out, had turned back in, he stood beside me, nodded, he reached out to rub her ass, she jumped, then headed to a seat. As she sat, I noticed he moved into the row behind us, as did another man. Within seconds of my sitting down, she grabbed me, that someone was touching her, I turned slightly, could see a hand on each shoulder, then the one guy got up and sat to her left.
I hadn't realized that when Cheryl sat down, she had unbuttoned the top three buttons (she said later part of what freaked her out before was someone unbuttoning her top), the man reached into her sweater. Her grip had actually relaxed on my arm, his hand came back out, he undid two more buttons, opening her top, I could see she hadn't worn a bra.
Her right arm holding mine, her left arm on her leg, she let him play, then she surprised me, she shrugged her sweater down so both her breasts were exposed. The man wasted no time, he leaned down and took one in his mouth, and fondled the other. Cheryl hadn't been prepared for that, she grabbed my arm, started to fix herself, he must have hit a sensitive spot, as she stopped, let out a sigh, a groan and slouched slightly.
The man behind us reached over and pushed the other hand away, now, one man sucked her breast, the other fondled it. He leaned up and asked if I would move, I said no, she wasn't ready for that. She had hold of my arm, when he asked that, the death grip returned. I have never been around Cheryl when she's turned on, or in a sexual situation, so I didn't know what to expect. The man on her left, when his arm was pushed away, he started to rub her left arm, hand and to her knee. He took hold of her hand and started to move it to his lap, and that was then end, when she realized what was happening, she yelped, in panic pushed him away, jumped and headed for the door, with me in tow. In the hallway, I stopped her and fixed her sweater and we left.
In the car, she sat in silence, I asked if she wanted to talk. She said she couldn't believe what she had just done, it was so unlike her, it felt so weird, but she enjoyed it, when the guy moved her hand to his lap, that freaked her out, she said I never warned her about that. Actually, Dee had.
I fully expected her to be on the phone with Dee, she wasn't, she didn't call for two days. The two talked over drinks, in the shower Cheryl had rubbed herself to orgasm twice, twice more in bed. Once the shock had worn off, she realized how turned on she was. Dee and I laughed, and then fucked like crazy.
The next day, Cheryl asked me where I had found those videos, I sent her a link.
Three weeks later, I got a message, "meet me at the restaurant across from the cinema at 7, I can't go alone, I want to try again", it was from Cheryl.
I got there a few minutes early, it was drizzling, an Uber pulled up and Cheryl got out in a knee length rain coat, with a small backpack. As she got in my car, I could see she had on a skirt, she slipped off her coat, she had on a sweater, and business skirt, she had come from the office. She leaned over and kissed my cheek, thanked me for this, she wanted to push her boundaries tonight. Once parked, she asked me to wait outside, she removed her skirt and panties, leaving on a slip that came to her knees (it looked like a skirt), then took her top and bra off, putting on a camisole, before slipping on a light jacket. I was shocked, with a raised eye, I asked her intentions, she said I'm not really sure, but those videos had her turned on, she had masturbated to them for three weeks.
We headed in, there were 15 or 20 cars in the parking lot. Surprisingly, there were three couples in the bookstore, that surprised her, we looked at toys and videos, before buying tickets, one other couple was buying tickets too. Ae we entered, the other couple followed, much younger than us, both dressed more normally. We followed them into one screen, they sat in the very last row, we stood to the side, then went to the other screen. Cheryl took off her jacket and handed it to me as she moved to sit down. One strap of her camisole slipping off, she made no attempt to fix it.
We sat, two guys were in the row behind us, one quickly came around and sat beside us. My hand on her bare knee, her hand on mine, the guy leaned over, whispered something to her (she said he asked to take her top off), before he pulled her camisole down one arm. He reached down to suck on her tit, and fondle the other one, the guy behind her started to rub her neck and shoulder. She reached up and moved the camisole down completely, giving them unrestricted access. In the process, the man behind us reached over to fondle her breast too, the other guy got bold, he took hold of her left hand and moved it to his lap, she started to pull it back, but stopped. One of them hit that sensitive spot, she moaned, slid down in the seat, she took her hand off my arm, the guy sucking her, she pulled him closer, the light moans continuing. I took my hand away from her.
As she pulled his head in tighter, he pulled his cock out, putting her hand on it, she froze, I thought for sure she was done, no, she pulled her hand back to her leg. Then after a few minutes, he moved it back, she didn't remove it, but took hold of his cock, just holding it. He moved his hand to her leg, pushing her slip up, she gave no resistance when he made to spread her legs. She had slid down lower in the seat, the guy behind her was now kneeling behind her to fondle her breast.
As I watched, the guy on her left raised her skirt fully, in the movie light, he raised his head and smiled, he found that she hadn't worn panties. He pushed her legs wider, in the light, I could see her bare pussy, his fingers rubbing her slit, she let out a squeal, then moved her right hand to stop him. I stayed seated in case she was done, instead, she pulled his hand tighter to her and spread her legs as wide as she could. At that point, I got up. The man behind her rushed to the seat.
He leaned down to suck her other breast, his hand moving to rub her leg, the guy on her left started to finger her, in the dim light, I could see his fingers penetrate her, she groaned, begged him not to stop. She still had hold of his cock, stroking it. The guy who took my place leaned back, pulled his cock out, moved her right hand to his lap, then went back to playing with her breast.
Cheryl was beyond aroused, she was twisting in the seat, whimpering, squealing, moaning. Then it happened, her orgasm hit, her body went rigid, she screamed, then thrashed, before coming still, breathing hard. In the excitement, she'd made the guy on her left cum, her hand still holding both cocks. The guy on the left pulled his hand form her pussy, moved it up to rub her breast, the moved a finger to her mouth. She greedily sucked it clean.
I thought for sure she was done, she pulled her hands back, looked at them, then licked her left hand clean. I guess at some point I should have stopped her. The guy on the left tucked his cock in and left, the guy on her right still had his out, hard, he knelt on the seat, offering it to her to suck. Her hand came back up, taking hold of his cock, she started to lick it, she sat up in the seat to get a better position, then went to town, who knew she was such a good cocksucker. In no time flat, he came in her mouth, as we watched, she didn't miss a drop. I was impressed.
He stepped back, she collapsed in her seat, before anyone else could act, I quickly moved to her, she came too, her camisole pushed to her stomach, her skirt pushed to her waist, she was wet with sweat. I helped her up, her skirt falling into place, I wrapped her jacket as we headed to the hallway, I lead her to an alcove. She looked at me, suddenly her eyes filled with tears, she put her head to my chest. I tried to comfort as best I could. After a few quick sobs, her she picked her head up, looked at me, as she blushed, "would Dee be shocked or proud of what I just did?" I laughed, probably both, but let's get you home.
Instead we detoured, I texted Dee and said Cheryl was coming home with me, I'll explain. Cheryl dozed for the 20 minute drive, Dee met us in the garage, she grabbed Cheryl's clothes as I helped her to the spare room, she collapsed on the bed and passed out.
The next morning, around 10 am, Dee went to check on her, Cheryl was in the shower, the two talked for an hour locked away. Finally they came out, Cheryl in a huge robe. She couldn't recall everything that had happened, she then admitted she'd had two stiff drinks. I recounted the events, she blushed, buried her face, when she picked her head up, not only was she bright red, she had a huge grin. She triumphantly declared she was proud she had done it, when she was married, she'd been quite the prude, since her divorce, she was too nervous about hooking up again.
That afternoon Dee took her home, she was gone awhile, when she got home, she climbed on my lap and wanted to fuck.