Chapter 8 - Amber's Life in Shreds, Diana to the Rescue
Diana lifted up her legs as Paul slipped her panties down her thighs and over her knees. With a little kick of her foot, she flung them across the room and giggled as she nearly kicked Paul in the face in the process.
She loved watching him crawl up between her outstretched legs, his stiff cock jutting out from between his legs, his balls dangling. Paul crawled up and aimed his rock hard cock for her pussy as he bent over to kiss her on the lips. He paused for a moment to lick his fingers and wet the tip of his prick, and then feel her pussy to make sure she was wet enough. That's one thing she always loved about Paul--he was always a considerate lover. She moaned into his mouth as he penetrated into her, and wrapped her legs around him, undulating her hips as he started pumping. Into her.
She moaned with pleasure as he pulled her legs up over his shoulders, pushing her body almost in half as he started pumping hard into her. The closet doors behind him were mirrored, and she loved watching his ass pumping away even as she felt his hard dick inside of her.
After a few minutes, he pulled out of her, and laid down beside her, pulling her over on top of him. Diana crawled up between his legs, straddling his hard on, and then reaching under her, she guided him back inside her wet tunnel and settled down slowly.
Paul was thrilled as he watched his beautiful dark girlfriend's face contorted with passion as she rode his cock. He grabbed hold of her ass cheeks and reveled in the feel of them flexing under his hands as she rocked back and forth as well as up and down. Above his head, her tits swayed just out of reach of his lips.
He started caressing her back and pulled her down closer so that he could latch his lips around one of her nipples. She topped forward and he started sucking on her nipples, switching back and forth between them as she continued sliding up and down on his cock.
Hearing her moan with pleasure was really turning him on, and he tried not to cum too soon. He held her hips and helped her move up and down, she was moaning loudly now, grinding her clit against his cock each time she moved down.
She was breathing as hard as he was--her eyes closed, her mouth hanging open as she whimpered and moaned. Up and down she moved, partly supporting herself on her hands as she leaned forward to allow him to suck on her nipples again. She was grinding harder and harder on him. He could tell she was close.
She cried out, and he felt a warm liquid sensation in her pussy, which was quickly augmented by his hot sperm as he came with her. He held her hard as she thrashed against him a few more times before finally going limp.
After a few minutes of laying their languidly together, she sighed and looked at his blue eyes. Paul was such a gorgeous hunk, she thought to herself. He reminded Diana so much of an actor she had seen on TV when she was a little girl. "Streets of Fire". It had actually been made before she was born, but she had seen it on video. What was the guy's name? Michael Pare'. Paul looked a lot like Michael Pare', and had a deep voice also. She could look forever into his blue eyes, she sighed to herself.
Diana got up and put on a robe. She was covered with sweat and although she loved it when Paul came inside her, or on her, she was instinctively a very hygienic person and wanted to take at least a quick shower. She hoped they hadn't been too loud to wake Amber, but then again Amber might still be awake anyway. The poor girl was having trouble sleeping at night.
She, looked outside into the living room to make sure the lights were out. A peek under motioned for Paul to follow her. She wanted him to take a shower too, and it was more economical for them to shower together. That way if Amber needed a shower in the morning there would be enough hot water.
The apartment her and Paul shared was technically a two-bedroom unit, but the second "bedroom" was pretty small. They had thought to make it a study room, so that if either of them needed to be shut away and left alone to study for a test or finish a paper, it would be easy to concentrate without the distraction. Things didn't work out that way. But when Amber showed up on Diana's doorstep three months ago, her arms laden with suitcases and tears in her eyes, Diana didn't hesitate to let her in without question.
As she shut the bathroom door behind her, pulled off her robe and turned on the bathwater, she thought back to that day. Diana had been shocked, but not surprised. The first night they were up all night--Diana holding Amber on the sofa, stroking her hair and cheeks, getting her slowly, between sobs, to tell her what had happened.
The past three months had been truly terrible for Amber. First there was the discovery that Johnson had been lying and had filmed her in secret, and turned her into porn star without her knowledge or consent. Her subsequent break-up. Then Johnson started calling Amber's cell phone, and she ignored him. Then he started texting Amber.
"Amber, come back 2 me"
"Amber-new beginning we can work it out."
Then the messages started getting nastier.
"Amber ur porno career awaits you!"
"Amber don't miss this opp"
And then ominously: "ur family will learn."
The last part was almost enough to make her go back to Johnson and do whatever he wanted. She had talked it over with Diana, who urged her to resist--otherwise she would be open to perpetual blackmail. Then Johnson, following through with his threats, had emailed clips of her giving a blowjob to all her friends and family members, even to the minister of her foster family's church. Her uncle and aunt had disowned her and none of her foster family would talk to her. Most of her former friends wouldn't speak to her. Then she had been forced to withdraw from the university.
The pressure continued. More text messages, cajoling, making promises of vast sums of money, and then more threats.
"U wont B able 2 work anywhere!"
Then she got fired from her job.
Diana shuddered, even under the hot shower water and with Paul scrubbing her back. She thought back to that horrible day when Amber had been fired from her job.
She had dropped Amber off at work, since the bus took so much longer for her to get to the Dahlia Lounge. Diana had gone into the restaurant with her to use the bathroom. As they entered the restaurant, one of the waitresses told Amber that the boss wanted to see her right away as soon as she came in. Amber looked at her and shrugged as Diana went into the bathroom, which was down a hall right by the office.
As Diana came out of the bathroom, she heard Amber's distressed cry. She had peered into the office just in time to hear Teddy, the manager at the Dahlia Lounge.
"This is a family restaurant. I can't employ porn stars here," he said coldly, handing Amber an envelope with her last check.
Amber had snatched the envelope with a sob and had run out of the restaurant, Diana following quick on her heels after snarling to Teddy to go fuck himself.
Diana rinsed the shampoo out of her hair. Paul had already stepped out of the shower and was drying off.
The only good thing about Johnson's repugnant behavior was that he had shot his last bolt. There was no one else Johnson could turn against Amber. She'd pretty much lost everything. Amber had barely moved from her room in weeks, and Diana was worried. When she and Paul were in classes during the day, Amber apparently came out of her room to scrub the whole house down on a regular basis, and she had offered to give Diana her last check to pay for her room and board, but Diana had refused it.
Meanwhile, the porn DVDs were being released one each month. A few weeks after her debut DVD, "Amber Butterfly Comes Out" was released, "Amber Butterfly Spreads her Wings" was released. Then came "The Not-So-Private Life of Amber Butterfly." The latest to be released was "Amber Butterfly Does 'em all," which contained all the scenes that had been shot at the party where Amber had been gangbanged. To make it worse, Amber had been credited with her real name--Amber Wood--on all the movies, although she popularly known now as "Amber Butterfly". Johnson had actually succeeded in changing her completely--even her name for all practical purposes.
Diana knew all this because she had covertly Googled Amber Butterfly and read all the reviews, viewed all the stills, and also many of the clips that could be found on many of the porn sites. What she didn't realize is that her boyfriend Paul, was secretly doing the same thing.
Clearly Amber was in a deep state of depression. As Diana toweled off, she wondered how she could bring her friend out of it. As they went back to the room and dressed, Diana voiced some of her concern to Paul. He stood for a minute in silence and regarded her with his sleepy Michael Pare' eyes.
"You know," he finally said, "I've been thinking about it. Has she talked to the police? It's illegal to film someone without their knowledge or consent like this. She might be able to have that jerk prosecuted."
That got Diana's attention.
"Should she just call the cops?"
Paul thought some more. "Let me talk to one of my professors. I want to be sensitive about this. I don't want to traumatize Amber any more."
Diana was thrilled at the idea of prosecution of Johnson and his slimy business partners. Paul was a first year law student, and she was excited that he might be able to help get that sleazy asshole in deep shit. Still, that was not enough. She had to help draw Amber out more.
In spite of her deep love and passion for Paul, Diana still harbored a secret passion for Amber as well, and she would do anything for her. Amber needed her as a friend now, but Diana still wished to touch Amber in ways that went beyond friendship.
One day Paul walked in, having gotten out of class early, while she still had a clip of one of Amber's sex scenes showing on one of the free porn websites. She couldn't click it away fast enough. She was busted! She looked at Paul, her face scarlet.
"I'm, s-sorry Paul, I was just curious," she stammered.
Paul sat down on the bed just behind the desk.
"It's okay, he said carefully. "To be honest with you, I've watched a few her video clips myself for the same reason."
Diana couldn't very well be angry with Paul for doing what she herself had just been caught doing. Still, it was a revelation. Somehow she didn't even feel inclined to be angry. She noticed that Paul was watching the monitor intently, and she turned her attention back herself. When that clip was over, they watched another. After a few more minutes, she was done.
She turned toward Paul, stood up from the desk chair, and straddled his lap. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and started kissing him. She broke off just long enough to whisper in his ear.
"Honey, let's do what she's doing there," she nodded toward the monitor, and there was no more talking for a while. Diana kept watching the monitor as she rode Paul's cock, her ass cheeks flexing in Paul's hands as he gripped them, lifting her up and down. Her breasts bounced in front of his face as he tried to grasp her nipples with his lips. Their sex was urgent, frantic, and both experienced intense orgasms.
After that, the couple started watching clips of Amber's porn flicks openly with each other, although they were careful to keep it secret from Amber, and the two were quickly able to reconcile their mutual love and lust for Amber with the same feelings they had for each other.
"Paul, I have a confession."
After she saw that she had his full attention, she continued.
"I've always had a thing for Amber. A sexual thing."
"You're bisexual?" he asked in surprise.
"Yes, I guess I am, but I've only felt this way toward Amber," she admitted. "Does it make you feel jealous--that I want to make love to my girlfriend?"
"No. Actually, it's a turn on. I don't feel jealous at all, not as long as I can still have you as well."
"Oh, you'll always have me! For as long as you want me," she gushed back.
With that she crawled up on top of him and kissed him tenderly. Then she kissed him on his chest, and his belly, moving down to his groin.
By this time he was hard again, and she took him in her mouth and started blowing him.
Paul moaned in delight. This was the best blowjob Diana had ever given him. She was moaning with lust as she bobbed her head up and down, sucking him hard, stroking his cock and mouthing his shaft when she paused to take a breath. Then she would lick her way back to the tip of the head and take it back deep into her mouth, her lips wrapped tight around his saliva-slickened shaft.
She seemed almost feverish as she blew him, and straddled his leg. He felt her soaking wet cunt slide along his calf. She moaned around his cock, her eyes closed in concentration.
He pulled her and urged her around, and she paused in her blowjob so that she could straddle his head and lowered her pussy where he could reach it with his tongue. Paul's cock curved slightly upward, and at this angle, she could actually take him deeper.
Paul wrapped his arms around her hips and held her ass cheeks as he ate her out. Her thighs closed in on the side of his head. He could feel Diana's mouth sucking his cock harder, bobbing her head up and down furiously. He sucked on her clit, trying to make her cum before he did.
Diana moaned and could control her hips anymore. They were humping down on Paul's mouth as if on autopilot, the same with her head on his cock. Her breath came faster and faster as she felt an orgasm welling up inside of her. She started moaning around his cock and she slid her lips up and down the shaft.
Paul gasped as he struggled to keep his lips on his girlfriend's clit. He felt his balls tighten up, and convulsions start in his prostate as he started shooting his cum into Diana's mouth. He heard cry out around his cock as she started cumming at the same time, and then he felt warm fluids come out of her cunt. She was rubbing her cunt all over his face by this time, her juices soaking his face.
Diana was in a state of delirium. As she sucked Paul's cock, not only was her pussy spasming and an orgasm bursting in her, and not only was she having Paul's cock shoved down her throat and tasting his cum, but she was still watching the screen of her laptop as Amber was taking a load on her face. The combination of the three stimulants gave her the most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced.
Afterwards, the two lovers curled up against each other in an utter state of relaxation.
"Paul?"
"Hmmm?" he answered, relaxed as he felt Diana stroking his chest.
"The same goes for me," she replied.
"What?" he asked, confused at her non-sequitur.
"You know how you told me you wouldn't be jealous if I were to make love to Amber?"
"Yeah."
"Well, the same with me. If you happen to make love with Amber, I won't be jealous, as long as you stay my boyfriend. As long as I'm number one."
"You're all I need," he replied, kissing her deeply.
They kissed some more.
The following morning, after Diana and Paul had left for school, Amber came out of her room. The interior walls in this tiny apartment were pretty thin, and she always heard them when they had sex. It was hard, because she had gotten so used to having sex so regularly with Johnson. Over time, she had come to take it for granted. The days she had gone without sex before the party had opened her eyes a little bit, but she had been fucked so much at the party, that it had sated her appetite for a while, and then the discovery that she had been made into a porn star also had put a temporary damper on her appetite.
But Amber was a young, healthy, horny, hot-blooded woman. Her body was used to frequent sex. It was driving her crazy hearing Diana and Paul fucking all the time whenever they were home. To aggravate matters, she had gotten curious, and Googled her nom de guerre and like Diana, had watched all the clips of herself she could find, and read up on what was happening with her movies. She found she enjoyed reading reviews written about her DVDs and persona--it actually helped that the overwhelming number of them were positive, and even flattering.
So after she cleaned up the apartment, she went back into her room to watch clips of herself. She pulled off her overlarge t-shirt she wore as a nightie and shucked off her panties. Amber always felt sexy when she wore lingerie, so she dug around in her suitcase and pulled out a pair of fishnet stockings and slid them slowly up her legs. She always loved the feeling of stockings on her legs, and reveled in the feeling. Then she pulled on a garter belt and clipped the straps to her stockings. She opened up her laptop and started a clip of herself giving Johnson a blowjob, and then laid back on her small bed, squirming her ass on the covers, and kicking her legs in the air.
She got up and rummaged through her suitcase and found a sheer teddy and pulled that on as well, tying it in front. She moved around the room, swaying, imagining there was a camera man taking shots of her. She was getting hornier and hornier.
She felt her heavy breasts. They seemed to pulse in her hands, and her nipples were stiff. She gently rubbed and caressed them.
With a moan she fell back on the bed. Suddenly she remembered the dildo Kathleen had given her months ago. When she had left Johnson she had just scooped everything out of the drawers of her dresser and crammed it all into her two suitcases. She jumped up and rummaged through them, and gave a squeal of delight when she found it.
She sat back on the bed, with her legs kicked far apart. Other than a single bed that Paul and Diana had bought for her, the only thing in the room other than Amber's meager possessions was an old-fashioned vanity with a mirror. It was an antique that had been passed down to Diana, and it was cheaper to put it in the study room and use it for a desk than it was for Diana and Paul to buy a new desk. Now Amber's laptop sat on it, so she had a view of the sex on the laptop, and a view of herself as well in the mirror.
She was amazed that the sight of herself like this could turn her on so much. Her cunt was dripping wet, her legs spread far apart, stockings stretched over them. She looked in the mirror and rubbed her pussy lips slowly and sensuously as she squirmed her ass on the bed.
Then she took the dildo in hand, imagining it was a stiff cock. Maybe, Paul's cock, she decided. Not as good as the real thing, but the best available for the time-being. She licked at the tip of it, slowly inserted it into her mouth, mimicking her actions on the laptop as she sucked Johnson's cock. After a few minutes, she couldn't stand it any longer and started rubbing the dildo on her labia and clit. She moaned and bucked her hips, then slowly inserted the plastic dick into her pussy.
She breathed a sigh of relief and passion and slowly worked the dildo further and further up her cunt, until it was almost all the way in. Then she slowly pulled it out again until it was almost completely out, then slid it back in again. Slowly she repeated this action, then more quickly, she plunged the dildo in and out, faster and faster.
Amber moaned in ecstasy. She grabbed the dildo with both hands, rubbing it hard on her clit. She cried aloud, cumming hard as she watched herself in the mirror.
Relief flooded over her and she started relaxing in the warm afterglow of her orgasm. The dildo was still stuffed to the hilt in her pussy. She pulled it out and was shocked to see in the mirror a small splattering of pussy juices fly out and she pulled it out.
Later on after classes, Diana and Paul broached the idea of trying to have Johnson prosecuted. Amber was hesitant, but agreed to meet with Detective Roberts the following morning.
Although she was nervous, she relaxed when the detective seemed nonjudgmental. It also helped to have Diana next to her, and she would be eternally grateful to her for her unconditional support.
Amber told her story from her point-of-view, although she left out the issue with the contract she had signed in front of the notary, because she still didn't realize what it truly was. She left out the story of the orgy, because she didn't think it was relevant.
Detective Roberts was sympathetic.
"A lot of young ladies make a mistake with the kind of guy they get involved with. With modern electronics and the internet, a lot of girls find themselves on the internet like this, although this is by far the most dramatic case I've ever seen."
The detective took more information from her, and then told he would be in touch.
"One thing that is lucky for you--a few years ago, there would be absolutely nothing that can be done. But this has happened enough now, that some laws have been passed. In this state, it's illegal to film someone without their consent and put it on the internet."
Detective Roberts stood up and extended his hand to Amber.
"I'll be in touch Ms. Wood," he said, shaking her hand.
Amber left the station in high spirits. Maybe the nightmare would soon be over. That night, she, Diana and Paul went to dinner at Red Robin together, then to a movie. Afterwards, they went to a bar and shot some pool and had a few beers. It was the most fun Amber had since the previous summer when she, Johnson and his friends had all gone to see the Hydroplane races and the Blue Angels.
The next few days, Amber started considering her future. Maybe she could finish her college through online or correspondence courses? Maybe a change in hair color and name would help her overcome her notoriety? She liked her hair though, and tabled the idea for the time-being.
A week later, finals for the semester began, and by the end of the week, the two girls were driving Paul to the airport to visit his family before the next semester began. Two days later, Diana was supposed to fly out to visit her family in New York. That meant Amber would be alone on Christmas, and for the next two weeks afterward.
"I wish you could come with me," Diana said plaintively, as they drove home from the airport. Diana would miss Paul, but she knew Paul would be fine with his family. Amber had no one else.
The next day, as Amber was cooking breakfast for herself and Diana, there was a phone call. It was Detective Roberts, who asked if she could come right away.
The two women met Detective Roberts in his office. This time the expression was not so sympathetic.
Roberts slid a stapled pack of papers across the desk toward Amber.
"Do you recognize this?" he asked.
Amber felt a chill. The tone of his voice, and his manner, was not that of a cop talking to a victim. Her hands trembled as she picked up the papers and looked through them. It was a photocopy of some sort of legal document. Amber leafed through it.
"What is it?" she asked.
"It's an agreement, apparently signed by you and notarized, whereby you agreed to allow Johnson McKenzie and Sunshine Communications total rights to any film or media of you that is filmed by McKenzie or any other employee or representative of Sunshine Communications. Is that your signature?"
"Yes, but he said this was just so that we could set up a web site together..." Amber replied, bewildered.
"Didn't you read it?" Roberts asked--nearly yelling at her.
"Not really--I trusted him," she replied, blinking back tears.
"Look--she's the victim here," Diana began angrily.
"There's more. I reviewed some of the clips--it appeared obvious in some of them that you were looking straight at a hand-held camera. This makes it look like you are completely aware you are being filmed. That, and this agreement, is going to make it impossible to prosecute either McKenzie or Sunshine Communications."
Amber started to get up.
"Wait, there's more," Roberts pulled out some more papers.
"McKenzie furnished us with some pictures and documents for some damaged property, which he says you maliciously vandalized."
"WHAT?" Amber and Diana shouted together.
"A laptop computer destroyed. Various other computer accessories, web cams, security equipment etc. I have pictures and estimates of value--thousands of dollars of damage."
Amber opened her mouth in protest.
"This is bullshit!" Diana protested with fury.
"Don't say another world, or I might have to act. Right now, I think I can put him off and not have you arrested and charged with vandalism--because he has no evidence that you did this. If you open your mouth, you might change that situation. However, if I were you, I would get a lawyer. McKenzie may have grounds for a civil suit."
"Anyway Ms. Wood, there's nothing I can do for you," he said.
And that was that.
Amber left the station in tears, and Diana was fighting back her own as she grimly drove them home.
The two women sat on the sofa for hours, crying and holding each other.
"I've got just the thing," Diana said, getting up and walking into the kitchen.
She came back with a bottle of wine and two glasses, and handed one to Amber. She fished out a corkscrew and popped the cork out, and then filled Amber's glass. The two women shared the bottle until it was empty. The two young women talked for hours on the sofa.
"I need to take a shower," Amber said, standing and stretching.
"Me first," Diana said.
Both girls knew that the apartment had a poor water heater, and if one of them took a shower, the other would have to wait until the morning or take a cold shower. So both girls bolted for the bathroom.
The two girls tripped over each other trying to get inside the bathroom first. They fell on the floor in a tangle and wrestled around in the narrow threshold of the bathroom. Finally, Diana was half on top of Amber, both girls were panting hard and sweating. She lunged forward, but Amber grabbed her around the waist to keep her from going too far. She felt her breast mash up against Amber's face through the t-shirt, and Amber's legs scissored around one of Diana's thighs to hold her firm. The two rolled and struggled for a few minutes.
"Okay, compromise!" Diana called.
"What?" Amber breathed out between pants.
"Let's just take one together. We've done it before in the gym anyway."
"Deal."
The two stood up, somewhat dizzy, and peeled off their clothes. Amber couldn't help but admire Diana's ass as she bent over to turn on the water in the tub. She was reminded of when she had peeped in and had watched Diana as she had ridden up and down on Paul's gorgeous penis. She tore her eyes away and fished a pair of towels out from under the vanity and set them on the toilet seat where they would be easy to grab.
Diana got in the tub first, wetted herself thoroughly, then moved back to give Amber room to climb in. After Amber wetted herself down, she turned around to help Diana shampoo her hair. Diana turned around and tilted her head back as Amber poured generous amounts of shampoo on her hair and gently lathered it up. The two felt relaxed in the heat of the shower. Long lathery streams of shampoo and water streamed down over Diana's body.
Next, Amber found the bath sponge rubbed the soap bar thoroughly with it and started soaping Diana down. She concentrated on Diana's shoulders and back. She ran the wet heavy sponge down Diana's back and over and between her ass cheeks.
"Put your leg up on the corner," she directed Diana.
Diana did so, placing one hand on the tiled shower wall to aid her balance. Amber knelt to soap and scrub the lower part of Diana's body. From her kneeling position, she had ready access to Diana's ass, crotch, and her legs. She ran the soapy sponge between Diana's trembling legs, soaping her thoroughly, and then ran the sponge up and down each of her legs.
"Okay," she said.
Diana put her trembling leg down and turned around, helping Amber up.
"Gotta rinse," Diana grinned with her eyes closed to protect against soap and shampoo.
The two switched positions to allow Diana to get closer to the showerhead to rinse off. They slid past each other, the limited room in the tub making it necessary for them to slide past each other, hard nipples rubbing against each other.
Diana rinsed off, the hot shower water beating against her aching breasts. Behind her, Amber started shampooing her hair. Diana turned around to rinse off the back of her body. She was face-to-face with Amber. The blond had her eyes closed as she ran her hands through her hair, lathering up. With Amber's eyes closed, Diana felt free to look Amber's body over close up. Diana could not help but admire Amber's breasts. She sighed with envy.
"It's my turn to wash you down now," Diana said.
Amber was silent as Diana took the sponge from her hand and soaped it up more. She sponged Amber's front side first, using this opportunity to spend an inordinate time on Amber's breasts. Diana couldn't help herself. She was preoccupied with Amber and her body. She had never felt sexually stimulated by a female before in her life. She loved Amber dearly--as much as she loved Paul, but she had never thought of herself as a lesbian.
Amber turned around and Diana soaped her down in much the same way as Amber had Diana. She found herself fascinated by Amber's tattoo. She sponged over Amber's smooth skin, watching as the soap ran down Amber's body over the tattoo.
Diana simply could not believe the resolution and detail of the tattoo. What an extraordinary work of art!
Diana traced a finger down the major vine. Flowers blossomed off of it, but the remarkable feature was the butterfly fairies. Some were redheads, some brunette, some blonde. None of them were clothed. Up near Amber's shoulders, they were small, some no larger than a dime. They got larger closer to Amber's ass, with the largest in the middle of her right ass cheek. The effect of it was that the top of Amber's body the fairies looked further away, while on her ass they were much closer.
Some clung to the vine, others hovered nearby, others were perched or straddled on flowered offshoots of the vine that spread around Amber's back, shoulders and waist. One fairy straddled a vine, her hands on the vine as if to hold her steady, a look of rapture on her face, monarch wings coming out of her back.
Diana knelt down to wash Amber's lower extremities. She emulated her friend and nudged one leg up. She was surprised to see that one offshoot of the vine wrapped around Amber's hip and the inside of her thigh, very close to her crotch.
The fairy on the right side of Amber's ass was the largest. Diana stared at Amber's ass. The blond fairy was on it's hands and knees, breasts swaying below, grinning back at her--A dead ringer for Amber. Diana's hands were shaking as she scrubbed Amber's slim, smooth, well-formed legs. Diana wished her own legs were so stunning.
Diana stood up, letting Amber slide by her again. Their wet soapy bodies slid past each other, breasts rubbing almost nipple-to-nipple.
The hot water was beginning to run out, and Amber rinsed off. The cooling water made Amber's nipples tighten further, but it was getting too cold, so she bent over to turn the faucet off.
The two dried off together, in much the same way as they had washed each other, Afterwards they each retreated to their own bedrooms.
Amber put on a sheer black teddy that Johnson had given her that she used as a nightie. She found she couldn't sleep though. She rolled around restlessly on her bed. She lifted one leg high above her head, running her hands up and down her smooth legs. She felt lonely and longed to feel someone else's hands on her legs other than her own. Even just someone's touch on her skin.
She wondered if Diana were feeling lonely without Paul. She would see if Diana needed solace. Amber got up and knocked on Diana's door.
"I, uh--um, she stammered, her face flushed. "I can't sleep. I was just wondering if you would come sleep with me--just to talk and keep me company!" she finished with a rush.
"I feel the same way," Diana replied letting Amber in the room.
"Do you mind, uh, do you suppose..., Amber asked hesitantly, "...I could spend the night with you and talk for a bit?"
Diana pulled back the covers and slipped under them, holding the blankets back to invite Amber into her bed. Then she clicked off the light.
The two young women talked for a while. Diana talked about Paul a lot, and Amber asked her how her classes were going. After a while, their conversation drifted off.
"Diana?"
"Yes?"
"Would you mind just holding me for a while? I really miss someone just holding me."
"Sure, let's snuggle," Diana said, pulling Amber close.
Amber felt Diana's breasts pushing up against her back and Diana's arms around her, and she felt her breath ticking the back of her neck. She felt her Diana's hands rubbing her arm casually. Amber let out a deep sigh. It felt so good--Diana's hands. The heat of the other woman's body against her own was making her feel aroused. Did her friend realize how turned on Amber felt?
Amber rolled over to face Diana and looked into her eyes for a moment.
"Diana?" she whispered
"Hmmm?" Diana sighed, half-asleep.
"Would you give me a good night kiss?"
Diana's eyes flew open, but she leaned forward into Amber's kiss. The two young women kissed tentatively and tenderly, their wet lips brushing delicately.
"Ummmm. That was good, Amber breathed. "Again?"
Diana leaned forward again, this time Amber drew her tightly against her. Their noses brushed for a moment as their lips lined. Amber used her mouth to open up Diana's mouth and she slipped her tongue inside, and felt her friend's tongue dance with her own.
Amber whimpered a little bit as her pussy began to feel a warm tingling. Diana held Amber's head gently in her hands and kissed her again, and again, their wet lips meeting with increasing urgency.
"Diana?" Amber whispered, breaking off.
Diana nodded--her lips nearly brushing Amber's--their noses so close to one another that they could sense it.
"I need it so bad..." Amber whispered, her voice trailing off as she felt Diana's finger on her lips.
The two women kissed again gently and slowly, then again more firmly, and with increasing passion. Amber drew back panting, and Diana moved forward to kiss her again, teasing Amber's lips with her tongue. The two women kissed yet again, mouths opening slightly, tongue's intertwining in an intimate dance.
Diana sat up and pulled her nightie over her head and tossed it aside. Amber did the same with her teddy. Then they kissed again, sitting up, their bare breasts touching, hardening nipples brushing together.
Amber fell backward on the bed, Diana on top of her kissing her cheek, then her neck. Amber arched her body up and her head back as Diana mouthed and licked her neck. Amber's bare chest arched up heaving as her breathing became heavier and more rapid. Amber cried out softly as Diana's wet lips closed on one of her hard nipples. It felt so perfect--her nipple in Diana's mouth.
As Diana sucked on Amber's nipples one at a time, she reached down and felt between Amber's legs. Amber nearly screamed as Diana's fingers found her wet crotch. Diana's middle finger slipped readily into Amber's sopping wet pussy. Diana was stunned and intensely aroused at just how hot and wet Amber's pussy could get.
Amber was whimpering and shaking with the pleasure as Diana's lips trailed off her nipple and moved to the valley between Amber's heavy breasts. Diana licked and kissed her way down Amber's flat, tight torso, flicking her tongue on Amber's belly button stud before moving down to her pubic mound. Diana teased her there a bit--licking just above Amber's hooded clitoris.
Diana crawled down slowly between Amber's legs, kissing her outstretched and trembling thighs. Diana licked up and down each thigh in turn, taking a moment here and there to tease Amber's quivering cunt by blowing on it or with a quick lick.
"I want to taste you..." Diana whispered up to Amber.
Amber moaned with anticipation, her thighs trembling as she sensed Diana's face coming closer to her quivering pussy. She could feel Diana's breath.
Diana had never gone down on a woman before, but she had longed to do this ever since she had known Amber, and she knew what she liked to receive from men who had performed oral sex on her.
She began by licking Amber's labia, flicking her tongue up and down the wet inner lips, then she started licking up and down.
Until Diana had met Amber, she had never had the desire to do anything like this, so although she desperately wanted to pleasure Amber, she was afraid she would be turned off by the smell and taste of another woman's vagina. But actually she found the smell and taste highly erotic, and the knowledge that she was bringing pleasure and relief to Amber turned her on immensely.
Amber was on fire. She undulated her hips as blood pumped into her engorged clit and labia. To try to stifle her screaming she had Diana's pillow in her mouth, but she couldn't stop her hips from thrashing up and down, trying to push her cunt harder into Diana's mouth.
"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" she moaned into the pillow as Diana shifted her attention to Amber's clit.
Diana gently flicked at Amber's clit, teasing it out from under the hood. She flicked the little bud with her tongue, wrapping her arms around Amber's hips in a vain attempt to hold her still.
"DON'T STOP! OHGODOHGODOHGOD!" Amber cried out.
Diana closed her lips around Amber's clit and sucked gently. This sent Amber over he edge and she started screaming into Diana's pillow as her back arched up sharply as her orgasm washed over her.
"Oh God! That's so perfect," Amber moaned, pulling Diana up to kiss her.
Amber could taste her pussy on Diana's lips, and that turned her on more.
"Diana--I want to do you now," Amber panted.
"Oh baby--you don't have to if you don't wan to."
"But I want to--come up here," Amber demanded, tugging on Diana's hips, urging her to crawl up to her head.
Diana crawled up slowly, nearly shaking with anticipation, and straddled Amber's head and moved down until her wet slit hovered right above Amber's mouth. Amber grasped Diana's ass cheeks and pulled her crotch down within reach of her lips and tongue.
Amber looked up into Diana's wet pussy. Her heart started racing when a small drop of Diana's vaginal fluid dripped onto her upper lip. As Amber looked up into Diana's wet pussy a strong desire to eat Diana out until she screamed with pleasure took hold of her.
Diana grasped the headboard of the bed as she felt Amber's tongue start lashing her wet pussy. Diana moaned and undulated her hips back and forth as Amber ate her pussy. Amber's tongue was completely inside Diana's cunt, and Diana gasped as Amber latched on to her clit.
"O sweet mother! God you are a good pussy licker! Yeah, suck my clit," Diana moaned, rocking her hips back and forth on top of Amber's mouth.
Amber held Diana's flexing ass cheeks more firmly to keep her mouth attached as Diana's involuntary spasms. Diana's juices were starting to flow more copiously, wetting Amber's face.
Diana was moaning and writhing and humping, caressing and massaging her breasts, as she slid around on Amber's face, getting closer and closer to an explosive orgasm.
Amber tried to hold on and keep her lips on Diana's clit, but was not entirely successful. It didn't matter, Diana was cumming as she humped her hips, rubbing her clit and wet pussy, spreading her juices all over Amber's face.
Diana suddenly stiffened up and threw her head back moaning and trembling, and Amber felt a final flood of pussy juices on her tongue.
Diana rolled off, panting.
"Oh my God--that was incredible," Diana gasped as she turned over to kiss Amber on the lips. She giggled as she tasted her own pussy sauce on Amber's mouth.
Amber giggled also and got up to wash her face, and Diana did the same.
Afterwards the two women held each other close.
The same evening Amber and Diana made love for the first time, Johnson was meeting with Mike--this time in a conference room in an office building.
Johnson was aware of the situation. He had delivered as promised. Furthermore, they had managed to squeeze one more movie from outtakes and various unused scenes and edits from past movies. He knew what they wanted: more of Amber. He had made a lot of promises to them early on. The problem was he knew his bridge with Amber was permanently burned down.
Mike and his boss joined him in the conference room. As he feared--it was not a good meeting. Johnson was threatened with termination if he didn't produce results. Contracts had been signed, promises made, millions of dollars had already changed hands.
As he got out of the meeting, he dialed Kathleen on his cell phone.
In the morning, Amber dropped Diana off at the airport. Amber drove Diana's old Toyota, with the intention that she would drop Diana off without parking--thus avoiding the expense of parking. As they approached, Amber suddenly switched lanes and entered the lane to the parking garage.
"I want to see you off," she explained, glancing over at Diana.
They were unable to pull out of the lane at this point, so Diana just nodded. She thought she had a little bit of cash she could give Amber to cover the parking fee.
After they had parked, they sat in the car for a couple of minutes.
Amber looked over at Diana.
"I'm going to miss you," she said.
"Hey kiddo--I'll only be gone a couple of weeks!" Diana replied, reaching up to touch Amber's cheek.
Amber looped her hand behind Diana's head and pulled her close. The two girls paused for a minute, faces only half an inch apart. They looked each other In the eye, and then spontaneously, they both began kissing each other, slowly and tenderly.
Diana moaned into her lips, twisting and turning in the car seat to get closer to Amber. Finally she broke it off.
"I've got to go--I'll miss my flight," she murmured.
They unloaded Diana's luggage, checked in, and Amber walked her to the security gate. She gave her best friend one last embrace.
"Merry Christmas!" she said to Diana, trying not to cry.
"Hey, I'm Jewish--remember," Diana grinned back at her.
"Oh God--er, I mean I'm sorry--Happy Hanukkah!" she corrected herself.
"To tell you the truth, my family's not really big on Hanukkah. My trip home has more to do with me having time off from college so I can go home and less to do with holidays, but thanks anyway," Diana replied as she pulled her shoes off and set them on the conveyor.
Diana turned toward Amber again, and gave her a hug.
"Look, she said. "I'm sorry you have to be alone. I'll send you some emails. And when I come back I'll bring you a gift. I didn't have much money to get anything for you before now, but my foster grandmother always gives me some cash when I go home. I'll bring you a Christmas present when I come back. I promise."
Amber hugged her friend fiercely. "Babe--you don't have to do anything for me!"
"But I will--take care, and don't forget to feed the fish!"
With that Diana moved through the security gate, and Amber watched as she went through, collected her purse from the conveyor and put her shoes back on, and walked down the concourse.
Diana turned around and waved a last time, as Amber watched with a tear in her eye until she was out of sight.
Amber returned to Diana's car, and looked in her wallet. She had $7 left. It took $3 to cover the parking--fortunately she had been there less than an hour.
That afternoon and evening was the loneliest Amber had ever experienced. She tried watching TV, but reality shows bored her. In frustration, she turned off the TV. Since it was December, it was already dark outside, but it was unseasonably warm. She paced back and forth restlessly. She tried reading a book--one of Laurel Hamilton's books, but she couldn't concentrate on it.
Should she call someone? But no, her cell phone access had been cut off because she didn't have enough money to pay her bill. Right now, all she could do is use the text messaging feature. She expected that to be cut off next month.
She thought of making herself supper, but wasn't hungry.
When she had come home, she had cleaned the apartment from top to bottom, so there was nothing left to do there. What good would it do to scrub the toilet again?
She decided to take a shower and pamper herself. The warm water felt good. It reminded her of the shower she and Diana had taken together the previous evening. The hot spray of the shower drummed on her breasts. They felt hot and sensitive.
She grabbed the shampoo bottle. She tried to pour some in her hand, but it was almost empty. She shook it some, it sputtered air, and then a stream of the white viscous fluid sprayed into her hand--just like a man's dick cumming, she thought. She lathered up her hair, rinsed, and then applied conditioner. Then she soaped herself down thoroughly, luxuriating in the hot steamy shower, and the thick lather from the soap. Her nipples tightened up as she lathered her breasts.
It reminded her of her shower with Diana--only yesterday it was. It seemed weeks ago. She thought of Diana again, and her friend's body up against hers. It had helped sate her appetite, but not nearly enough. She let out a soft moan. God she was horny!
Finally she rinsed off, turned the water off, and dried herself off. The towel felt wonderful as she dried off her legs, raising each one up on the toilet seat. Gingerly, she toweled herself dry between her legs. She gasped as the towel brushed against her inflamed pussy.
She pulled on her bathrobe. Now what? She opened the refrigerator. Diana had left a bit of chilled white wine. She filled a glass, and drank it down. What the hell? No one was around anyway. She refilled it, and slowly drank the next glass as she walked around. She sat down and tried watching TV again, but once again, got bored with it and lost interest.
Amber sighed and rubbed her thighs. She looked out the sliding glass door that opened to the balcony. Why couldn't an intruder break in right now? She remembered a time when the idea of a masked intruder breaking into her apartment would have terrified her. Now she longed for it to happen. Where were they when you wanted them anyway?
She went to her room and powered up her laptop. As the wallpaper came on--which was still a picture of the Chevy S10 pick-up she had sold to pay for her tattoo, she suddenly remembered what Johnson had as his wallpaper.
It had been a picture of her from the orgy she had gotten caught up in--a picture of her being fucked both in the pussy and the ass. She almost moaned with pleasure as she remembered that party. She wished she was at the party again.
She Googled her pseudonym--Amber Butterfly. She was all over the Internet. Pictures, video clips--the works. She tried Googling her real name, and she came up with almost as many hits. She was famous--infamous rather. She was surprised to realize she no longer felt shock or embarrassment, or even regret. Just sadness over all that had transpired--her whole life was completely ruined, or at least transformed--and a dull seething hatred of Johnson, as well as anxiety over her future.
Amber noticed a new DVD advertised on a number of websites--"Dreams of Amber Butterfly". Too bad she couldn't get a dime from any of it. She thought bitterly that Johnson was raking in some serious money now--she was sure his Cadillac Escalade was just the beginning. Meanwhile, she was down to her last $7.
She watched some video clips of herself. It made her even more hot. She could see how people could get addicted to this. She also watched some other clips without her in them--just to compare. She beamed with pride as she thought she compared very favorably to any other porn star, both in beauty and ability. She saw others though, that she really liked, and took note of their names, as well as male stars she liked the look of.
The whole time, she was getting more and more horny. Jesus Fucking Christ--she had to get laid! She didn't want her dildo again either. A toy just wouldn't do.
She shucked off her bathrobe--considering what to do. The room was starting to feel really cramped--and she started feeling as if she couldn't breathe. She shut down the laptop.
Once again, she walked out into the living room--naked. Trying to force thoughts of sex out of her head, she sat down naked on the sofa and tried to watch TV again, but it wasn't working. She squirmed around on the sofa, her legs tucked underneath her ass, and she felt a trickle of moisture seeping from her vagina.
She moaned, rubbing her thighs again, and got up.
Amber walked out on to the balcony naked--she didn't care who saw her--she WANTED to be seen. She leaned over the balcony rail and massaged her heavy tits in her hands, but there was no one there to see. This was a poorer neighborhood than where Johnson had his, and she could tell at a glance that most likely, no one saw her.
She had to get out of here--at least for a bit before she went crazy. She thought of downtown. Maybe a bar. She was sure she could get men to buy drinks for her. She didn't dare take Diana's Toyota though. She shuddered at the risk she'd be taking with it if she got pulled over for a DUI, or if the car got broken into downtown. Groaning with frustration, she dashed back into the apartment and went to her room. She looked again in her purse. She had $4--that was enough to get downtown on the bus and back. She wished she still had her Chevy pick-up, but then she wouldn't have wanted to park it downtown anyway. But at least she could get out of this stuffy apartment.
What to wear? It's not like she had a reputation to protect anymore. She was in the mood to show off her body to anyone who wanted to see it. She was sick and tired of hiding. She rifled through her suitcases. Then she saw it--the one-piece cocktail party dress she had worn to the fateful party a few months ago.
She froze, and started breathing heavily, her heart racing. Slowly she picked it up and pulled it over her head. The slinky material clung to her naked body.
"How can a dress make me feel more naked than when I'm actually naked?" she wondered.
She reached down into her suitcase to pull on a pair of panties, but stopped and stepped out of them. Next she brushed her hair, put on some lip gloss, and slipped on a pair of pumps.
She stood and admired herself in the mirror. Damn--she had to admit to herself that she had a fine body!
She grabbed her small purse and was out of the apartment in a flash. Five minutes later she was on a city bus.