All characters in sexual situations are over the age of 18.
A friend asked me to write a story loosely based on his hotwife. All the situations in this story are fictional but represent things similar to what she has done or what he would like for her to do.
*******
Stepping out of the shower T grabbed the large white bath towel for the hook and began to pat herself dry. As she finished drying, T caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror and frowned. Covid had wreaked havoc on the hotwife lifestyle she and her husband enjoyed and it had started to show in her waistline. T still knew she enjoyed being a sexy whore, but the extra pounds had caused some doubt about making herself available to men other than her husband.
Wrapping the towel around her body T made her way from the master bathroom to the bedroom, somewhat happy to be home but sad that her husband was working out of town. T and the kids had recently returned to Chicago from an extended stay with family. Unfortunately, that also meant her husband had to get back to work in Texas.
Unwrapping the towel T from around her she placed it on the king-sized bed she shared with her husband and sat down on the bed naked. She began to apply moisturizing lotion to her entire body. Beginning at her feet T slowly worked the moisture into her legs and continued up past her lasered pubic area. Continuing to massage and way up her body she finally reached her 36D tits. A smile formed on her lips as she lightly squeezed them, they were still part of her body she was very pleased with and happy that her husband had bought them for her. Drifting into a trance T continued to massage and knead her nipples and tits.
Suddenly a flash of light jolted T back to reality, turning her attention to the slightly opened curtains she noticed the curtains next door swaying as if they had just been moved. She knew the room behind them was that of their neighbor's oldest son Josh who was away at college. T turned bright red when she remembered that his college had recently returned to remote learning and Josh was back home in his room! Turning the lights in her room off T was curious about how much he was able to see, still naked T sat in the dark looking at the small slit in the curtains.
As she thought about what had just occurred T began get excited thinking that a young man of 19 would be interested in her. It had been a while since she had shown herself to a stranger, and she liked the feeling between her legs as she thought of it. Not that he was a stranger, Josh had been in the house several times over the years to pick up his younger brother when he had been over playing with her kids. Josh had always been nice and very attentive. She smiled as she realized his attentiveness may have been to give him an opportunity to check her out, especially on those days she had been sunning herself outside in a bikini. No wonder he didn't rush home!
Wrapping the towel back around herself T went to the window and opened the curtains all the way. Looking outside T realized Josh's room had the only view into her bedroom. Unsure if he was still watching she pretended to look things over trying to figure out where the flash of light had come from. After a reasonable amount of time T made an exaggerated shrug her shoulders and allowed the towel to drop. Naked once again her tits jiggled from her movements, enjoying what she had done T turned around and let her ass wiggle as she went back to the bed. She had intestinally left the curtains wide open so she could see any movement next door. Sitting on the edge of her bed T began to think about whether she was mad or turned on thinking about Josh watching her. Quickly T's pussy spasmed and answered the question for her. Turning on the light next to her bed she allowed it to create a silhouette of her body for her peeping Josh to see an outline of her nude body.
Slightly turning to aim her body closer to the window T didn't want to appear obvious. Once again spreading her legs she began to massage her enhanced tits, leaning back she appeared to close her eyes as if she was enjoying her play time However, she kept her eyes open just enough to watch the curtains in Josh's darkened room. After a few minutes she saw the curtains move and saw a telescope part the curtains, he was watching her!
Knowing she had Josh's young eyes on her T slowly turned so that her spread pussy fully faced the window in complete knowledge that with his telescope Josh would have an excellent view of her smooth as silk pussy. Slowly T began tracing a path back and forth from her tits to her pussy. She allowed her finger to stray into her pussy and collect some of her juices. Slowly a line of juices began to take shape and glow on her naked body. Continuing to finger herself T toyed with her pussy as she savored the thrill of young Josh watching her. Closing her eyes and tilting her head back T enjoyed the convulsions as the first orgasm rocked her body and made her legs tremble. Glancing at the window she could barely make out the periscope directed at her. Squeezing one of her 36D tits in her left hand T stuffed two then three fingers from her right hand deep into her soaked pussy.
Feeling like a peepshow girl T worked her pussy until the next wave of orgasms overtook her sending tremors up and down her body as her tits bounced up and down. The sensations jolted through her body T as thoughts flew through her mind about how much her voyeur was enjoying the show. The mere thought of being watched caused another orgasm to course through her body making her tremble and zapping her energy. As the convulsions subsided T softly massaged her pussy soothing it as it continued to lightly spasm from the attention.
Realizing she was now glistening in sweat from her "performance" T stood up and turned her back to the fully open curtain giving Josh an unobstructed view of her ass. Slowly T spread her and bent over allowing her pussy to be exposed from behind. she reached over and turned off the light plunging the bedroom into darkness. Once again T made her way back to the shower to rinse off the pungent aroma of sex. After her second shower of the evening T left the light off and stayed out of sight of the still open curtain. Massaging the lotion into her body she reflected on her performance and the enjoyment she got out of it. Drifting off to sleep she wondered what the young man who seemed unaware that she knew he was watching had done or thought as she brought herself to multiple orgasms for him. With one final twinge in her pussy T drifted off for the night.
T woke up with next morning with mixed emotions, while she had enjoyed putting on a show for a man less than half her age she wondered where this could lead. She enjoyed the attention and could imagine several ways for this to play out, however, there was guilt because she had known him since he was a child. What if he told his parents or friends what she had done? The entire day was spent thinking of different ways this could play out through her mind and all the different outcomes that could occur.
That evening after putting the kids to bed T poured a drink and went to her room still unsure of what to do next. The curtains remained open from last night and as she passed by out of the corner of her eye she noticed the telescope was back in the window. Pausing just past the window she carefully peeked around the curtain and confirmed that Josh was sitting behind the telescope awaiting her next show! Excitement rushed through her brain as her guilt vanished and she quickly put together a plan, Still dressed in the shorts and t-shirt she had worn that day T knew she didn't look very sexy in this casual outfit be she also didn't plan to be wearing it long. Placing her drink on a small table next to the bed T rushed into the master bathroom and strategically applied makeup before returning to the bedroom.
Standing next to her bed T positioned her ass towards the window and began to caress her fully clothed body. Placing her right leg onto the bed she massaged it, carefully and sensually. Once she had completed massaging it, she repeated the process for the left, remaining completely dressed but touching herself intimately as she built up the courage for her plan. After carefully caressing both legs and with her ass still to the window T slipped her T-shirt off and began the same careful sensual massage on her tits and shoulders. Knowing Josh couldn't see her tits, but he could easily tell what she was doing to them. Slowly she slid her shorts down and then kicked them out of the way. Reaching behind her back T unclasped her bra and then slowly slipped the straps down her shoulders until she was holding the cups in her hand. Carefully and deliberately, she held the bra out so Josh could readily see it. Then she dropped it and stood there with her back to him in just her thong.
Using a hand bra to cover her tits T slowly began to turn around, when she was fully facing the window she removed her hands and busted out laughing! The carefully applied makeup was bright red lipstick under her tits saying, "Hi Josh!". The telescope jerked back into the darkened room and T moved closer to the window and didn't cover herself to see what he did next. Slowly the curtains opened, and a sheepish Josh appeared. Even through the darkness T could tell his face was as red as the lipstick under her tits at being caught.
Shyly Josh waved to his nearly naked neighbor. Smiling T playfully returned his wave and then looking him straight in the eye her hands fell to her sides, hooking her thumbs into the strap of her thong. Without altering her gaze, she slowly and seductively pulled the thong down to her knees and the let it fall to the floor. She could see Josh gulp as she now stood stark naked in the window laughing uncontrollably at her next door neighbor.
For several minutes T stood completely naked watching Josh squirm at being caught. They exchanged several waves until she somewhat regained her composure. The shit eating grin on her face remained as T assumed her best Naked Wonder Woman pose. Head back, tits out, tummy tucked, and ass stuck out.
Seeing her strike a pose as she smiled Josh realized that T wasn't mad and was enjoying showing off for him. He gave her a thumbs up at the pose then motioned for her to turn around and bend over. Complying with his orders T spun around spread her legs and bent over. After she was in position she reached back like all good strippers and spread her ass cheeks giving Josh a beautiful view of her ass and pussy. She held that position for 30 seconds letting him soak in the details of her sex.
Turning back around T watched Josh motion for her to play with her tits. Not only was T enjoying showing her body off the orders Josh was giving her really excited the MILF. Complying with his commands T began squeezing and kneading her tits. She could feel the wetness in her pussy growing as Josh directed her to play with various parts of her naked body. After several minutes of play T felt the wetness from her soaked pussy running down her leg. Playfully she reached down and scooped up some on her finger. Holding it out for Josh to see she then stuck her finger in her mouth and stroked it in and out. From the smile on his face, she could tell he was enjoying the show.
Looking around T spied her hairbrush, picking it up she inserted the handle into her mouth and began fucking her mouth all the while keeping her eyes on Josh. After a minute of this she took the hairbrush out and pointed at it and her pussy with a quizzical look on her face. Josh enthusiastically shook his head yes! Carefully T spread her pussy and slowly began working the hairbrush into it. Not a big fan of toys she was still enjoying the effect this had on her audience, Josh watched with wide eyes as slowly T's pussy took the brush handle eventually all the way to the hilt, so the bristles were tickling her. T worked it in and out fucking her pussy as she had fucked her mouth slowly building the desire in her pussy.
Closing her eyes and softly moaning she began playing with her tits with her free hand, knowing but not caring she was being watched. Her concentration was on the building orgasm and Josh could see she was well on her way. Suddenly her eyes flew open, and she focused her eyes on Josh as a huge orgasm shook her. She continued fucking herself with the brush as wave after wave of orgasm shook her body. Spent and glistening in sweat she removed the brush and made a show of licking her juices off it. Josh then motioned to her that he wanted her to stick the brush in her ass.
Not being a fan of anal T hesitated to follow his orders. However, part of the thrill of the night had been complying with every request. Facing the window T put the brush behind her back. Not wanting to fully insert it she pushed it into her ass just far enough so it would stay in place. Then she carefully turned around and wiggled her impaled ass at Josh. T then turned back around, blew a kiss to him and pulled the curtain closed.
As T's breath slowly returned to normal she realized just how much fun showing off was. She was also surprised at herself over how much she enjoyed following Josh's orders but wanted to take it a step further and reverse their roles. Laying down on the bed she began playing with her pussy in a slow and deliberate manner. This time the orgasm was for her, a well-earned reward for her latest performance. Slowly she massaged her clit occasionally inserting a finger or two to tease her pussy even more. She could feel the orgasm build but there was no hurry as she wanted the feeling to last and the orgasm to be a satisfying conclusion. Edging when she got close to an orgasm T enjoyed herself for nearly an hour until she couldn't hold back anymore and let the orgasm take over. Cleaning her fingers she recalled the evenings events and was proud of her decision.
T left her curtains closed for the next few days, she wanted to keep him anxious to see her but also had bigger plans to prepare. Josh was a strong 19-year-old man who had been on the football team when he was in high school. Over the years she had seen him checking her out, but T was used to that from any man even gay ones. Still, she had plans for this young man, a man young enough to be her adult son.
On the third night after the kids were in bed T began to execute her plan for Josh. Turning the lights on in the Master Bedroom she carefully opened the curtains but did not step in front of them. She wanted her new friend to know a show was being prepared. She began to prepare as she would for a date night with her husband or one of her fuck buddies, T took a long shower and fixed her hair and makeup. Next came her outfit, a sheer black bra with a matching thong. If you looked closely you could see her nipples through the bra, next was her jewelry taking care to make sure it was large enough to be seen next door but not garish. She finished her date outfit with a sheer black robe and a pair of black high heels.
Checking herself in the mirror T liked what she saw, her sexy long legs shimmered from the oil she had applied to them. The robe gave an erotic peek at her cleavage, a light spritzing of perfume completed her ensemble, she was ready for the next show.
Moving to the bedroom T sat down in a comfortable chair she had moved in front of the window earlier that day. Waving to the telescope she watched Josh quickly open the curtains and wave back. Smiling she motioned to her outfit and gave Josh a quizzical look to see if her approved, an enthusiastic thumbs up told her that he liked her outfit. Smiling she picked up a small whiteboard that she had previously written her phone number on. Holding it up so that he could see her number she made a call me sign with her right hand.
Nervously Josh dialed the number and watched as T answered, "Hello Josh, you've been a naughty boy, how long have you been watching me?"
Josh could feel his face redden as he confessed that he had secretly watched her off and on for a while. It had started accidentally when he saw her giving a blowjob to her husband one evening, since then he had been keeping an eye out and had watched her several times since. Josh had seen her and her husband several times, he had even seen her with other guys as well. Josh often masturbated as he watched and tried to shoot his load at the same time T would orgasm.
It was now T's turn to be embarrassed, "Really? So how many guys have you seen me with?"
Josh let her know it wasn't a lot, but he knew some of the men from around town that she had fucked.
Trembling at the thought of everything this young man might have seen T thought for a moment and then opened her robe allowing him to see the lingerie she had put on for him. Looking across to Josh's window T told him that he really should be punished for being a peeping Tom.
Turning red Josh sheepishly agreed with T and asked, "Does this mean you are going to keep your curtains closed?".
Smiling T slowly turned from side to side giving Josh a good look at her barely clothed body. "Perhaps, if you accept your punishment the shows can continue." Pulling her robe closed for effect she asked. "Have you told anyone?"
"No." Josh quickly replied, "Watching you is something I enjoyed all by myself. I haven't even told my best friend. If my parents found out they would totally freak out."
"Good" T said, "Now turn your light on and open the curtains. "Remind me when you turned 19?"
Josh turned the lights on in his room and opened the curtains unsure of what the sexy MILF he had enjoyed had in mind for his punishment. He told T that he turned 19 last year and would be 20 in a couple of months.
"Perfect, now remove your shirt." slowly Josh removed his shirt revealing his toned muscles and abs. "How many girls have you been with Josh?" T inquired.
Josh turned even redder as he told T that he hadn't really been all the way with a girl. He had made out and felt a few up before but he had been way too nervous to go any farther. As he spoke T removed her robe and sat facing the window and Josh's stare in just her bra, thong and heels. In a seductive voice T inquired. "What do you think of me?".
Josh gushed praises over her body, "Your beautiful, I love seeing you whether it's having sex or in your workout gear, even in your every day normal people clothes you are beautiful." Now It was T's turn to blush at the compliments Josh was giving to her body.
Satisfied that the show was just between them T took over and instructed Josh to remove his shorts. Nervous about being the one on display Josh slowly pulled his shorts down. He was now standing in front of the window in just a jock strap. "Turn around" T ordered, "time for me to see YOUR ass."
Josh slowly spun around letting T inspect him enjoying being given orders by the sexy MILF. As his ass appeared in the window, he heard T lick her lips and say "Delicious". Completing his spin and back facing the window Josh watched as T reached behind and unsnapped her bra, letting the straps fall loose she pulled it away from her and sat facing him in just her thong with her legs spread wide.
Taking further control T inquired, "Have any girls seen your cock, Josh?" seeing him nod no she continued "Time to change that, drop your jock strap." Josh eased the strap over his throbbing cock allowing it to spring to attention as soon as it was free. T moaned as his large cock was unleashed and she felt a gush of wetness seep through the thin little thong. "How does it feel to be the naked one now?".
Not sure if it was even possible but Josh felt his face turning even redder, "I kind of like it." was his response.
T continued to instruct the young man in how to stroke himself making sure he knew not to cum until she gave him permission. Slowly Josh stroked as T watched and listened to him to moan as he closed his eyes while T took it in. "How big are you?", she asked.
Josh opened his eyes long enough to look her in the eyes imagining she was next to him instead of the house next door. "I'm nine inches long fully erect and six inches around."
T imagined that his young and virile cock in her pussy as she removed her thong. "Josh, tell me what you would like to do to me?"
Josh stuttered a bit as he looked at the sexy naked MILF in the window next door. "I would want you to climb on top of me and ride me so all nine inches is inside of you, while you're on top I would squeeze those beautiful tits and play with your nipples like I've watched all the men do to you.". T shuttered from the rush of hearing how he had seen her be used by other guys, knowing what she liked, knowing when she had an orgasm, knowing when she had swallowed cum.
Josh blurted out, "I'm getting close!" T could also feel her own orgasm building quickly.
T commanded him, "Let's cum together, I want you to squirt on the window so I can see your cum. Wait for my command." Josh slowed his strokes slightly as T increased her play until she suddenly she cried "Now!". Josh quickened his pace and as T started writhing in the chair from her orgasm ropes of cum squirted out of Josh's engorged cock onto the windowpane. T watched as rope after rope painted the window until she could no longer see his cock.
"Damn, that was hot!" Josh exclaimed. T agreed letting him know she had enjoyed it too.
T relaxed with her legs spread wide on the windowsill and her pussy open wide. As they continued to recover Josh asked T about all the men she had sex with and whether or not her husband knew. T let the curious young man know that both enjoyed playing around some and that her husband actually encouraged and enjoyed hearing of her exploits. They continued to discuss her exploits more like old friends enjoying a beer than next door neighbors spying on each other.
Eventually T told Josh that she needed to be going but as long as he kept their arrangement secret she would leave her curtains open so he could see her anytime she was in the bedroom, no matter who she was with. Josh readily agreed and thanked her for her trust. Blowing each other a kiss they hung up for the night, after cleaning up T began to plot how she could go even further with Josh.
The teasing went on for several nights, T would dress sexy and slowly strip for Josh as he stripped for her Sometimes, Josh would take the lead and sometimes T would, either way it would end with both of them naked in front of their respective windows showing everything to each other while having a huge orgasm. Since getting back to Chicago the kids had been wanting to spend the weekend with friends. T finally gave in and let the kids go. Shortly afterwards she texted Josh and gave him a location to meet her Friday night, she was ready to take this one step farther.
As soon as the kids were out of the house on Friday afternoon T began getting ready to "pop Josh's cherry". Looking out the bedroom window she pulled the blinds so Josh could not see her getting ready. She wanted to see his response firsthand and that would happen later tonight.
Getting naked while she adjusted the shower T began to sensually massage her tits and gave her pussy a slow rub. Stepping into the shower T allowed the warm water to cascade down her body, enjoying the feeling as it warmed her all over. Making sure her entire body was clean and smooth T spent extra time cleaning her ass and pussy so Josh's first time would be enjoyable. She laid out a basic plan to how the night would go. After picking Josh up they would return home. Once there she would start things off but hoped Josh would start taking the lead as he grew comfortable. Slowly she dressed taking care that everything was perfect, she hadn't been this nervous since she lost her virginity. This was different though; she was going to initiate Josh into manhood by giving herself to him.
T carefully choose her outfit for his arrival picking out a sexy bra that showed plenty of cleavage. Next, came her favorite little black dress that hugged her curves just right. Hoping to give Josh easy access she skipped her normal thong and applied a nice layer of lotion to her legs so they would be soft and smooth at his touch. Selecting a sexy pair of shoes that she was able to drive in was next, T didn't plan to get out of the car until they were home but not knowing everything that turned Josh on she wanted to look her absolute best.
Once T was ready, she poured herself a drink to take the edge off her mood. Sitting down in the living room where she could keep an eye on Josh's driveway, she snapped a few pictures showing how she was dressed and what she wasn't wearing. Texting the pictures to her husband she told him, "This should be a fun night, will fill you in tomorrow." Just as she sent the text she saw Josh pull out of his driveway and head for the meeting point.
She had instructed him to park in a short-term lot near the airport. There was little chance that anyone would recognize him here and he could take a shuttle to the airport for her to pick him up. Giving Josh a few minutes head start T pulled out of her driveway and headed to the cell phone lot. Once there she checked her makeup and straightened out her dress. A few minutes later Josh texted her where she could pick him up. Feeling the butterflies in her stomach she left to pick up her virgin lover.
T left the cell phone lot and drove to the pickup lane looking for Josh's face. Spotting him she stopped so he could get in. Josh jumped into the Lexus and immediately gave T their first passionate kiss. As they enjoyed each other for the first time a police officer monitoring traffic lightly tapped on the glass and motioned for them to move along. Used to passionate greeting the officer was still perplexed at the vast age difference between the two lovers. Blushing, T put the car in drive and headed towards her house.
For the first few minutes there was total silence. Josh was so nervous and naive he didn't want to embarrass himself by saying the wrong thing. Picking up on his nervous energy T started the conversation by asking normal question about his major in school. To her, it felt odd yet powerful to be talking to him as a schoolboy. A schoolboy that she hoped would soon be impaling her pussy with his nine-inch cock. As they continued back to T's home the small talk came more freely to both of them.
Nearing their street T instructed him to duck down in the front seat so none of their neighbors, including Josh's parents would see him. Crouched low Josh finally got a good look at T's long smooth legs, he had no idea what all would happen tonight but just the sight of her legs got him hard. He was too afraid to touch but as far up as he could see there was only skin, making him even harder.
Pulling into her driveway T saw Josh's mother in the front yard, even though T knew his mother couldn't see Josh the fact that he was crouched next to her gave T a pause. She gave her a wave and an awkward smile as the door opened and she pulled safely into the garage. She told Josh to stay low until the door closed behind them. Once the door was closed Josh raised up and reached for T to embrace her again. Smiling she playfully pushed him away telling him to slow down, they had all evening and an entire house to play in.
Once inside they began to embrace in the kitchen, T guiding Josh as he clumsily pawed at her. First a strong embrace then lower until he had her ass firmly in his grasp. After a short make out session T grabbed his hand and led him upstairs. As they ascended the staircase T put some spring into her step so Josh could see just far enough under her dress to know she was not wearing anything underneath. Reaching the bedroom T instructed Josh to sit down, facing him she asked him what he wanted her to do.
Realizing that for the first time in his life that he had a beautiful woman standing in front of him that was willing to do anything he asked Josh took command of the situation and ordered T to turn around. Once her back was facing him he pulled the zipper down on her dress. Instructing T to let the dress fall down she shrugged her shoulders allowing the dress fall to her feet exposing her bare ass to Justin. Next, Josh tapped on her right foot telling T to raise it so he could remove the dress from under her foot, he then repeated the process with the left. Justin whispered for her to remain silent as he enjoyed his first closeup view of T's ass. After a few moments he reached up to unsnap her bra, fumbling as it was the first time he had ever undone one. Eventually getting it unsnapped T let the straps fall over her shoulders and grasped the cups so she wasn't completely naked, yet....
Instructing T to turn back around Josh got his first up close and personal look at her smooth pussy and could smell the aroma as T's juices began to flow. Leaning in Josh took a deep breath to inhale the intoxicating smell.
Looking up at Josh was emboldened by the sly grin on T's face as she held her bra over her tits. Taking hold of one of the straps je slowly pulled her bra off leaving her naked in front of him. Pulling T's hands down he told the MILF to stand in front of him with her hands behind her back totally exposing naked body to the young stud.
As T stood in front of him with her hands clasped behind her Josh marveled not only at her beauty but at the control he held over this naked woman. He began touching and feeling her body. T enjoyed the attention Josh was giving her body, knowing this was his first time. Occasionally she would guide him but for the most part she just enjoyed the soft touch as his large hands roamed all over her. Eventually Josh stood and T realized just how tall he was. Then placing his hands on her shoulders he guided her down to her knees so she was kneeling in front of him.
Remembering something he had read in an erotic novel Josh asked, "Who are you?"
T responded, "I am your slut Sir."
Josh then commanded T to unbutton his shirt, slightly nervous kneeling in front of the young man T reached towards Josh and began opening the buttons starting at the bottom. Being untucked the shirt fell slightly more open as each button was released revealing Josh's smooth flat chest and slightly rippled abs. T licked her lips and began kissing and sucking on his nipples. Having never had his nipples caressed before Josh's cock nearly exploded, lightly pushing her back he instructed T to remove his pants.
Leaning back slightly T unbuckled Josh's belt, before unsnapping his pants T used her nose to gently rub his cock through his jeans. Josh softly moaned his approval in response. Carefully, T unbuttoned him and while looking Josh in the eye used her teeth to pull his zipper down, her chin riding down on his cock. Grabbing the edges of his pants again in her teeth she carefully exposing the huge bulge in his shorts and nudging his jeans with her chin they fell to the floor. Repeating what Josh had done to her T had him first raise his right and then his left foot as T finished removed his jeans leaving Josh in just his boxers and socks. "Socks next." Josh commanded. T tugged both socks off leaving just his underwear. "Good slut, now remove my boxers." Josh slightly growled his next command to her.
"Yes Sir." T purred in reply. Wanting to watch as his cock sprang forward T hooked her thumbs in the waistband of his boxers. Slowly sliding his boxers down T began to unleash the massive nine-inch cock he had been hiding. T's eyes bulged as she realized not only was it extremely long but the girth was possibly larger than she had ever taken. Finally, T pulled his boxers down enough that his cock sprang out and smacked T on the cheek. "You could put an eye out with that!" T exclaimed, Josh smiled and then grabbed T by the hair pulling her mouth to his cock, T opened as he forced the massive member in and gagged her as it went down her throat.
T's gagging made Josh pull his cock out of her mouth, unsure what he had done wrong he started apologizing for gagging her. T smiled at him and said never to apologize for his cock. She explained that he just needed to give a girl time to get used to it as he was on the large side.
Taking control T got up and laid across the bed, spreading her legs she instructed Josh to get in position between her legs. "The secret to being a great lover is to take care of your woman." T told Josh as she carefully guided his lips towards her delicate areas. Slowly she instructed him to nibble on her thighs to get a feeling for what she liked. As Josh began to get closer to her pussy he got an even better smell of the aroma of sex coming from her soaking wet slit. Still closer he could taste her juices as his tongue started lapping at her folds. Guiding him into her pussy T softly moaned letting Josh know he was on target. Slowly Josh began building up an orgasm in T. Enjoying the view in front of him T was laying back, eyes closed head tilted her moans slowly increasing in volume. "Don't stop, yes, yes, yes!" was all T could reply as she felt the orgasm building.
Just a few moments later she cried "YES!!!!!!" as her orgasm rocked her, Josh was amazed at the juices that flowing from her and eagerly lapped them up. He had never tasted pussy before, but he most certainly enjoyed the taste. Josh kept lapping at her pussy as she writhed and moaned, "Don't Stop!" was all she could say. Eventually as the orgasms subsided T gently pushed his head away. Spent, she motioned Josh to come cuddle with her for a few minutes as she regained her breath. Wow was all Josh could say at his first time witnessing one of her orgasms up close. Slowly coming back to reality T realized she was with a newbie when Josh asked her if all her orgasms were like this. Sometimes, she smiled slightly blushing it depends on the situation and the person.
With a devilish grin T pulled Josh to the center of the bed, "My turn." was all she said. Once positioned she began kissing Josh all over starting with his mouth and working her way down. Reaching his nipples she gently bit and sucked on them. She could feel the monster waiting for her just below his waist and while she was anxious to ride it she wanted to make sure Josh enjoyed his first time. Finally reaching his ultra-hard cock T opened her mouth as wide as possible to take it in. Slightly more prepared this time she was able to get most of it in her mouth without gagging. Stopping before Josh was even close to an orgasm she smiled and said "That was to lube it up." straddling Josh T positioned his huge cock at the entrance to her pussy. Knowing this was the largest cock she had ever taken T slowly impaled herself on it feeling her pussy expand to accept his girth as it pushed deeper and deeper into her pussy. Josh stared in awe as for the first time he watched his cock disappear inside of the sexy MILF on top of him.
Once T's hungry pussy had consumed Josh's cock she began sliding up and down. Letting his cock nearly escape her hungry hole and then plunging it back in. Sometimes she would pull out slowly and impale herself on it as fast as she could take it. Other times she would go slow and watch Josh's face as she began to build an orgasm in him. Feeling every vein in his cock pulsating in her pussy T slowed down and toyed with him as the pressure built in his loins. Edging him she would get him close and then stop leaning over to kiss him and lick the sweat from his aroused body. Riding him like the stallion he was both were drenched in sweat and the aroma of sex hung heavy in the air.
Finally reaching the point of no return T slowed her pace, Josh reacted grabbing her hips and started slamming her up and down on his cock. Faster and faster until his cock erupted inside of her. T could feel his rope after rope of cum filling her pussy. It wasn't long before cum started to leak out of her stuffed pussy. The stimulation finally got to T and she screamed as another round of orgasms overtook her. Bucking up and down on him the young blood in Josh's cock stirred again stiffening his cock for her ride.
Several orgasms later T finally regained her senses, she could feel Josh's stiff cock still in her. It was Josh's turn to have an evil grin as he pulled out of her and moved them to the edge of the bed. Laying her on the edge he spread her legs and rubbed his cock on her swollen wet pussy. Carefully he guided himself into her snatch and began grinding in and out. A quick learner it was Josh's turn to take control watching her face he was beginning to learn when she was close, just before she would cum he would pull out and listen to her whimper and beg him to keep fucking her. Having already came once Josh was ready to settle in for a long ride of T this time, pounding her pussy he slammed his cock in and out. T's skin glistened and her pussy was on fire with excitement. After fifteen minutes of pounding T's abused pussy Josh could feel the cum building in his cock. Slamming his cock in and out even faster slammed his cock deep into her pussy as he filled it up once again. T screamed with pain and desire as her pussy stretched to accept his entire nine-inches into her burning love box. This sent T into yet another round of orgasms as she screamed in delight at what Josh was doing to her. Squirt after squirt filled her up and leaked out of her aching pussy. Finally spent Josh carefully laid down on top of her enjoying the mingling of their bodies the feel of her sweat and the aroma of sex combined with the perfume.
Tired from two hours of nonstop fucking the pair drifted off to sleep. Awaking first T snuggled into the arms of her young lover. It was dark now and she turned on a light near the bed to take in his features. The strong young man had certainly ridden her harder than she had been in quite a while and her pussy was extremely sore. Looking over at his semi hard cock T slipped it into her mouth trying not to awaken him. It was time for her to slowly enjoy her new toy and she was curious just how often he could perform in a night. With his cock in her mouth, she slowly began sliding it in and out, not deep throating it but taking as much as she comfortably could. She was rewarded with feelings of it growing harder from her touch, she continued sucking him as he stirred. Removing his growing member for just a second, she told him to lay back and enjoy. Josh smiled and propped himself up so he could watch the expert at work on his quickly hardening cock. T recognized the taste of her pussy and enjoyed the flavor of it mixed with Josh's cum slowly she sucked him while looking him in the eyes enjoying the smile on his face. Continuing her efforts T began to feel his cock stir and knew he would be cumming again soon. T began going deeper and deeper with his cock until she had taken his entire length. Josh could see T's neck bulge as she took his cock into her mouth and down her throat. He tried to hold back wanting this to continue as long as possible until finally the urge was to strong he erupted spewing hot cum directly into her throat. T gagged at the sudden filling of her throat and pulled Josh out. He continued to cum filling her mouth and then squirting huge ropes of cum on her face in her eyes and nose. As Josh shot the last of this load T could feel the cum dripping down her face.
Once Josh's cock stopped squirting T asked him how she looked, "Beautiful" was all the young man could answer as he stared in awe at what she had allowed him to do. T moved to his face and kissed him letting him taste his own cum.
Spent from the hard use T curled up next to Josh and let his cum start to dry on her body. Blissfully she drifted off to sleep snuggled in his arms. Enjoying the feeling of her in his arms Josh slowly drifted off to sleep as well knowing in his heart he was no longer a virgin.
The next morning Josh awoke startled by the presence of the sexy naked goddess sleeping next to him. As his mind recalled the events of the previous evening it was hard for him to believe it wasn't just an extremely wet dream. Pulling back the covers he took in the soft curves of the sexy woman that taught him so much in so little time. As his gaze made it to her beautiful face, he realized she was now awake and smiling at him.
"Enjoying the view?" was all she said, Josh replied he definitely was. Looking down T saw that Josh was already hard. Grabbing his hand she pulled him out of bed and headed for the shower. As the water warmed up she kissed, licked and nibbled all over his body making him even harder.
Stepping into the shower they cuddled under the rain head allowing it to cascade down their bodies. The warm water felt wonderful as they pressed against each other. Reaching for a sponge T began carefully washing Josh removing dried cum from his magnificent body. When T finished cleaning him Josh took the sponge and began washing T. This was another chance for him to explore her body not leaving anyplace untouched and paying careful attention to her tits, pussy and ass Josh completed washing her.
Looking at the raging erection on Josh T turned around and cooed "That monster is too big for my ass try my pussy from behind.". Needing no further encouragement Josh bent T over and spread her legs. Standing behind her he reached between her legs and fondled her pussy for a minute making sure she was good and wet. Grabbing the head of his cock he guided it into T's waiting hole. Moaning as she adjusted herself to allow Josh's full nine inches inside of her T enjoyed the stretch one more time.
Josh savored every inch of T's pussy as he fucked her one more time. Once he was completely inside he asked her if she liked it fast or slow? "Surprise me" was all she moaned in reply, Josh started out slowly pulling nearly completely out and then slowly re-entering her love tunnel. T moaned and squirmed at the feeling of his huge cock inside of her, as her moans grew in intensity Josh picked up speed until he was slamming his cock in and out of T as she screamed for more. Being the young stud, he was it didn't take long for Josh to erupt inside of T filling her pussy with another load of his cum. Continuing to pump as hard as he could Josh realized he had one more load left in him. Without stopping Josh continued pounding T from behind his cum still dripping from her aching pussy. T could feel her pussy lips swelling from the assault, but she loved it, Josh had filled her more than she had ever been filled before.
Begging him to keep fucking her T squirmed and squealed as orgasm after orgasm came over her while Josh plunged his cock repeatedly in and out of her pussy. After a few minutes Josh yelled "I'm cumming!" and with that planted another load of his seed deep within T's pussy. Slowing his strokes Josh eventually slowed and stopped leaning up against the shower wall he pulled T into his arms once again and kissed her deeply. The two lovers carefully washed each other once again removing the last traces of cum from their bodies. Once they had finished the pair stepped out of the shower and dried each other off.
T wrapped a towel around her hair but remained naked otherwise to allow Josh to enjoy her body. Josh grabbed his shorts and put them back on. Going downstairs the two realized they had forgotten to eat last night and were starving. Grabbing an apron and putting it over her otherwise naked body T started preparing breakfast. Josh enjoyed watching her cook her ass swaying back and forth and her tits falling out from the apron. As they ate they recounted how things had gotten started, escalated and what they had done over the last night. Josh asked her if this was a one time thing, T kissed him thoughtfully and said "We'll see".
After they finished eating the pair got dressed, although T went without her bra this time. Backing out of the garage Josh crouched down once again but quickly pulled T's dress up so he could play with her pussy while she drove. Backing out of the garage T saw Josh's father and gave him a huge smile telling Josh his dad was watching.
Josh smiled knowing that he had caught his father eyeing T several times and knew he enjoyed looking at her as well. If he knew Josh was in the car, he would be proud of his son.
As they left the neighborhood T playfully slapped his hand away from her pussy and told Josh he could get up now. Arriving at the airport terminal T gave him one last kiss and told him she would see him later tonight, back at the window.
In the days and weeks that followed that Friday T continued the window shows with Josh but for one reason or another they had not gotten together again. Josh had went away to school but came home for Thanksgiving and didn't go back. T had noticed him looking out his window a few times but she made sure the curtains were closed when she was undressed or with her husband.
Just before Christmas Josh texted T one morning asking if she was mad at him. T replied that she wasn't mad, circumstances just hadn't let her be able to play. Hearing that Josh was still interested in her got her juices flowing. Other than her husband no men had been in her bedroom or her pussy since that night. With a gleam in her eye and a twinge in her pussy T texted him again telling him to watch his window tonight.
T's husband George returned for a long holiday break from Texas that afternoon, after a busy evening catching up with the kids and enjoying having the family all together, eventual he and T retired for the evening. As her husband was getting ready for bed T carefully positioned the curtains and light so Josh had a perfect view of what she wanted him to see. Looking out the window she saw Josh watching with the lights off.
Smiling T blew him a kiss and began undressing, she let Josh watch her strip down to her lingerie. Knowing what she had planned for tonight T had already put on a sexy black and red lace lingerie set with garters holding up a silky pair of stockings. As she got down to her lingerie T presented herself to Josh in the window. Josh gave her an enthusiastic thumbs up sign. As she T then lifted a single finger and told him to be patient as she stepped away from the window.
Coming out of the master bath in just a pair of undershorts that he slept in George gave T a thumbs up approval of her lingerie. T quickly grabbed his hand and led him to the bed. She positioned Geroge so that Josh could watch him, but due to the positioning of the curtains George couldn't see Josh.
Living the hotwife lifestyle meant that T had told George all about the Friday night she had spent with Josh. Always interested in hearing how another man had used his beautiful and sexy wife George was proud of the pounding his wife had taken from the younger man. However, T did not tell him exactly how things had gotten started meaning George had no idea they were being watched.
Positioning herself between the curtains and the bed T began to dance. She kept her focus on her husband but made sure Josh knew she was aware of them Twirling and gyrating T played with her tits and caressed her curves. Turning her back to George she smiled and stared at Josh as she reached around and unsnapped her bra. Letting the garment fall to the floor T covered her bare tits with her hands and twirled and teased both men with peeks of her nipples.
Stopping and facing George she slowly pulled her hands away fully exposing her tits. Positioning her tits right in front of his face George began to suck on T's hard nipples. Throwing her head back T moaned knowing her young lover was enjoying watching her being used by her husband.
George continued to suck on T's tits for a few minutes until she pulled back and hooked her fingers into her thong and began swaying her hips and twirling around. While she did this, she slide the thong up and down offering both of her men peeks at her pussy as she twirled.
This time T stopped while facing the window and Josh, with her bare ass to George she once again smiled as she looked next door at Josh and slowly slid the thong down kicking the discarded garment aside T exposed her smooth pussy to Josh while simultaneously providing George an up close and personal view of her ass. All the T had left on were her garter and stockings, she could feel the warm juices from her pussy beginning to leak seep down her hot thighs.
Twirling back around with T playfully shook her tits as she danced towards her husband and knelt between his legs. Pulling his shorts down she released his swollen manhood, taking it in her mouth T began licking and sucking on it as it continued to swell in her mouth. Occasionally T would turn her head towards the window with George's cock in her mouth and make eye contact with Josh driving the young man wild.
Returning her focus to George and his cock T continued teasing and licking his rock-hard shaft. T's ministrations were rewarded as pre-cum begin to ooze from George's swollen member. She hungrily licked the sweet nectar from the tip of his cock feeling the veins swell from her efforts.
T knew that George was getting close as she continued to kiss lick and suck George's cock until he was nearly ready to cum. George couldn't hold back any longer and yelled "Coming!" as his cock began to pulsate in T's mouth filling it with cum.
Once George's cock had finished squirting and T's mouth was full of his warm seed. T slowly slid her lips off his cock capturing his cum in her mouth. Smiling seductively at her satisfied husband she turned towards Josh and opened her mouth showing him all the cum she had collected. Closing her lips T exaggerated a swallowing motion and quickly opened her smiling mouth to show him she had swallowed George's enormous load.
Still unaware that Josh was enjoying the show from his window George grabbed his sexy naked wife and playfully tossed her onto the bed. Now it was his turn to kneel between T's legs and lick her wet pussy. Noticing that T was wetter than normal George eagerly lapped up the juices that T's pussy was releasing permeating the bedroom air with the intoxicating aroma of her sex.
Watching the show from his window Josh unzipped his pants and let them and his shorts drop to the floor releasing his own cock he eagerly began to stroke it hoping to once again cum at the same time as T. Back in the bedroom George teased his naughty wife bringing her nearly to orgasm and then stopping leaving her begging him to finish her. Caressing her nipples, he slowly brought her to the edge denying her climax while she begged him not to stop. Over and over George teased her clit and enjoying her delicious flavor while she begged and pleaded with him to allow her to orgasm. Finally reaching the point of no return T exploded in a huge wave of orgasm after orgasm while George continued to torment her clit. Finally relenting George allowed T to calm down why he carefully licked the remaining juices from his wife's drenched thighs.
George's teasing of his wife's pussy also had Josh agonizing as he tried to time his own orgasm with T's Continuing to watch from the window Josh had also reached the point of no return when George relented and allowed T to orgasm. Josh groaned loudly as his own hard member launched rope after rope of cum onto the window as he enjoyed watching T's pussy explode with orgasm's from her husband's tongue.
While George was busy tormenting his wife's pussy his cock had revived and was once again rock hard and ready for action. Crawling onto the bed and on top of his still quivering wife George impaled T's pussy with his cock. In one motion George buried his engorged cock deep inside T's love hole causing her to immediately orgasm from the over stimulation.
Still watching from the window Josh looked on in astonishment at the rough fuck George was giving to Josh's MILF. He could just barely see the tip of George's cock exit her pussy when George relented for a moment and then hammered her with another stroke. Josh was amazed at the punishment George inflicted on her pussy as he continued to stroke in and out. He could also see T thrashing under George as she was ridden harder than he remembered seeing. Josh saw the muscles on George's ass clench and then relax as he made one last deep and violent thrust into T's abused pussy as he unloaded his second batch of cum for the night. This time his target was deep into T's pussy. T responded with her own violent orgasm from the load she had just taken. Collapsing on time of his shaking wife George enjoyed the look of satisfaction on T's face and the sweatiness of her body from being rode hard.
Basking in the afterglow of the hard session she had just received T slowly calmed down while George held and caressed her sweaty body and sore pussy. She enjoyed being taken hard and George had given her one of the hardest fucks she could remember. Unbeknownst to George T also secretly enjoyed Josh seeing her taken like that and was curious if he enjoyed seeing her pussy pounded that way.
After spending some time caring for his well-used wife a few minutes George told her to rest up for the next session while he cleaned up a bit. Once he he had left the room T got up and shakily made her way to the window. Pulling the curtains back so he had an unobstructed view T made an exaggerated move to her pussy and scooped out a large amount of her and George's juices. Looking Josh in the eye one final time with a devilish grin she licked the cum off of her fingers cleaning them and then blew him a cum bubble kiss as she closed the curtains.
After sending Josh a goodnight kiss T closed the curtains and joined her husband in the Master Bath, both were sweaty and sticky with cum from the intense sex session. The sexual aroma from T's pussy quickly filled the room as George's cum began to dry on her thighs. Starting the shower George adjusted the water until it was nice and warm. He then led T into the spray allowing the water to cascade over them as they enjoyed an embrace and just held each other close for several minutes. Once the broke the embrace George enjoyed soaping up T's plump tits and playing with her nipples. Moving lower he washed away the remains of their playtime from her legs. T was enjoying George's gentleness after the roughness of their play. As much as she enjoyed a good hard fuck she relished the aftercare and his gentle touch on her tits and careful cleansing of her pussy was a highlight of the enjoyable evening.
Once George had finished cleansing T's well used body it was her turn to wash him. T began by soaping up his chest softly and sensuously taking her time and enjoying the feel of his body. Working her way down she carefully washed and rinsed his cock and balls as his cock began to swell. Looking him in the eyes she took his cock in her mouth and began licking and sucking it taking nearly the full length in her mouth before letting it escape her mouth. Not allowing their gaze to be interrupted T worked his cock until he almost blew his load. Stopped George grimaced and T flashed him a coy smile telling him he would have to wait.
Once they were finished with their shower George and T toweled each other off and crawled into the king-sized bed, still naked but ready to slow down and enjoy each other. Crawling between her legs George once again started licking and sucking on T's clit. This time though he went slow and enjoyed the taste of her juices as they once again ran freely from her used hole. This time T was able to relax and enjoy her husband's ministrations on her still aching pussy. Carefully and deliberately, George brought his lovely wife to another orgasm playfully teasing her along the way as she panted and begged him to finish her off.
Just as T was about to orgasm George stopped causing his extremely aroused wife to groan in dismay. He began kissing and licking his way up her sexy body lingering on her 36D tits for just a moment before positioning his hard cock at her pussy. When he stopped T frowned for a moment until she saw George's erection hovering over her pussy. The frown was quickly replaced by a smiled as they looked into each other's his eyes as he slipped his cock inside of her and started stroking once again. With each stroke he increased the tempo and intensity until once again he was forcefully fucking T at an incredible pace while she grunted and squealed as she once again enjoyed a good hard pounding. This time he didn't slow down or stop slamming his cock in and out of her pussy until finally he groaned while once again filling her pussy with a load of cum. Just as George began pumping her full T orgasmed and happily moaned with her own orgasm as she felt her pussy being filled.
Basking in the afterglow of the intense several hour fuck session T asked George if he remembered her telling him about her playtime with Josh. Smiling George said of course he did as he always enjoyed hearing of her sexual exploits. Looking at her curiously he asked why she was thinking about him now? Still naked and laying naked in George's arms T told him the entire story of how she caught Josh watching her during a masturbation session one evening and how she had toyed with him through the window several times before meeting him in person. T also told him how she took control of him and ordered him to cum on his window so she could watch. Carefully T also recounted to her husband how Josh told her he had been watching not only them but other lovers she had been with in their bedroom for a few years. Finally, she divulged that he had been watching them tonight and that she had enjoyed making eye contact with Josh while they were having sex. After telling George everything that had occurred with Josh T looked into his eyes curious as to how he would respond.
For a moment George was a little confused and upset about Josh watching his beautiful and sexy wife. Then he realized the opportunity he had and began to formulate a plan. Late the next week T texted Josh and asked him if he enjoyed the show.
Josh enthusiastically replied yes and that seeing how she was used had given him some ideas.
T texted back and explained that George had been called to Texas on business and the kids would be going to a friend's house after school on Friday until Sunday evening. That meant they could spend most of the weekend together at her house. Josh quickly accepted the invitation and anxiously awaited Friday evening.
They then texted back and forth agreeing that T would pick him up at the airport again on Friday afternoon.
Friday afternoon finally arrived, and T was a bit anxious as she got ready for her next date with Josh not quite sure of how the evening would go. As she prepared for the evening ahead T pampered and primped every inch of sexy her body. Taking special care to properly prepare her pussy and ass for his enjoyment. After some thought she selected her lingerie for the evening, the same sheer black bra and thong set she had tormented Josh with in one of her first shows. The set was sheer enough it made anyone that saw her stare hard to see her nakedness underneath.
Forgoing any additional clothing T added a set of black heels a sly smile crossing her face as she checked her image in the mirror, then slipping a coat over her "outfit" she left to pick up Josh.
The time until Friday afternoon had passed agonizingly slow for Josh as well. Josh had gotten his friend to cover for him once again, he told him that he was hooking up with a hot girl but had not told him it was the MILF next door. With his friend's word he would keep his secret Josh told his parents he would be spending the weekend with his friend house just as he had the last time. As he left home, he glanced over at T's house next door and felt his cock began to bulge at the weekend in store for him. Back at the airport Josh began to get nervous as parked and rode the shuttle to the terminal and made his way curbside, as he got close, he sent a message to T saying, "I'm here". Anxiously he awaited his lover not knowing what the weekend had in store for him as T had done more with him and for him in one night than he imagined was possible.
T's phone dinged and the text message popped up on her dashboard. T's pussy began to moisten as thoughts of the weekend poured through her mind. Arriving at curbside pickup T and Josh spotted each other simultaneously. With a smile Josh dashed to the car and jumped in, giving T a kiss as he shut the door.
Pulling away Josh started a casual conversation with T telling her about his week and asking her about hers and why C had to go back to Texas. As they spoke T allowed her coat to fall open giving Josh his first glance at what she was, or more importantly wasn't wearing. She giggled at Josh's expression and told him that she knew anything else wouldn't be on long so why bother? Reaching over he ran his hand over her 36D breasts and enjoyed how they felt through the silky material. T shuddered and moved his hand away telling him to wait until they got home.
As they pulled onto their street Josh once again ducked down in the seat so no one would see him. T opened the garage and pulled the car into the garage. Fortunately, no one was outside at Josh's house to see her this time. Once the door shut behind them T exited the car leaving her coat behind. It was still cold in the garage and standing next to her car under the dim light of the garage door opener in just her lingerie and heels T felt totally exposed to Josh. She waited for Josh who immediately embraced her kissing her lips and groping her nearly naked body as his cock swelled. Feeling the wetness in her pussy he started working his lips down her sexy body right in the middle of the garage as the light from the opener dimmed to darkness. Josh continued nibbling on her neck and then down until he was drooling on her tits.
Using his tongue Josh exposed her left tit and began sucking on her nipple. T began to softly moan as suddenly the garage lights came on! Shocked he squinted and looked up to the doorway where George stood glaring at him, suddenly he shouted, "Who the fuck do you think you are screwing my wife!". Josh panicked as George quickly began moving towards him, releasing T he began to back away until the garage door stopped him. He froze as George got in his face and suddenly busted out laughing.
Expecting a punch in the face Josh cringed until he heard a strange noise. Slowly he opened his eyes to realize that not only was George laughing but T was laughing hysterically as well as her barely restrained tits bouncing wildly. Seeing the quizzical look on his face caused the couple to laugh even harder. After a hilarious minute or two George was finally able to speak and told Josh to relax. He explained that T was free to play with whomever she wanted as long as she told him. T had told him what they were doing even before they had done it, George did caution him that while he wasn't aware of the voyeurism until recently after thinking about it realized he was ok with it since he also enjoyed his wife being seen and watching her with other men.
Clearing her through T demanded the attention of her men, "Boys, in case you haven't noticed one of us is just barely dressed and this garage is freezing!". Immediately four eyes were enjoying T's nipples standing at attention, one slightly hidden and the other one prominently in view. Moving towards the door she told them they could continue the discussion inside where it was warm, or she would lock them both in the garage for the night! With that T turned and wiggled her barely covered ass as she headed for the door.
Wasting no time both George and Josh followed T's sexy ass inside. Once the men were comfortably seated in the living room George continued to explain the relationship he and T shared. After a few minutes T joined them still dressed in the sheer outfit she had picked Josh up in with drinks for everyone. T placed the tray on a table and moved to sit next to her husband, George however, directed her to crawl over to Josh and kneel between his legs like a good slut.
Dropping to the floor T crawled across the floor eyeing Josh as her prey. Eyes focused on his she licked her lips letting Josh know just how hungry she was for him. T's 36D tits swaying with every move, slowly the nearly naked MILF inched closer to her young prey. Josh cleared his throat when T reached him and kneeled between his spread legs. Pressing her open mouth over his still covered cock T made it even harder as with her moist warm breath.
Even though Josh had heard everything George had said he still felt odd sitting in their living room discussing the hotwife style with George while T kneeled at this feet and teased his cock with her mouth. Josh could tell from the bulge in George's trousers that he was enjoying the show, the show was also having quite a noticeable effect on Josh as his 10" cock strained in his trousers.
George nodded at T and she licked her lips. Josh was incredulous at what happened next as T began removing Josh's shoes and socks and then unzipped his pants and motioned for him to lift his ass up so she could work them and his shorts down. Sensually she allowed her body and hands to explore Josh's legs as she exposed them.
Once Josh's raging hardon was exposed he struggled to not blow his load as soon as T put her mouth on his cock. Realizing the young man was struggling T slowed down and allowed Josh to savor her efforts. After she had worked on him for a few minutes Josh heard and then saw George unzip his pants and expose and start stroking his cock.
Josh couldn't believe what was happening, kneeling in front of him was a sexy MILF sucking his cock while her husband masturbated watching them! In his wildest dreams he never imagined this ever happening to him. Yet here he sat watching George enjoy seeing his slutty wife struggle to get most of his cock in her mouth. Taking his cue from George Josh started getting into what was happening and began calling T a bitch and whore, telling her to get busy and make herself useful. After a while T coyly looked up at him with his cock partially in her mouth and smiling took his full length down her throat before gagging and spitting him out for a moment.
Josh could feel his cock swelling as the pressure began to build and he struggled to keep from blowing his load. Sensing how close he was T intensified her assault on his cock slamming it in and out of her mouth occasionally deep throating him so he could see her throat bulging from the head of his cock. Between the drool and pre-cum Josh's cock was a slippery mess. Suddenly Josh grabbed T's head and slammed his cock down her throat. Grunting he began filling her throat with his cum causing T to gag from the enormous load. T gagged and coughed as his sperm and cock overwhelmed her, once his cock quit spewing his salty juices into her Josh released her and allowed her to catch her breath. T continued to cough for a few minutes as she cleared her airway.
Once T had composed herself George told her she wasn't finished that she needed to clean up her mess. T looked over and saw George was slowly stroking his hardening cock. The sexy MILF then sighed and began licking Josh's cock clean.
After T had finished cleaning Josh's cock George ordered the MILF to stand between the two men. Once T was on her feet he next ordered her to remove her bra. Slowly T reached around and released the clasp of her bra allowing the flimsy material to droop over her nipples. Holding the cups against her tits with her hands she caught George's eye and smiled at her husband as he smiled back. Turning to face Josh she pulled the garment away exposing her full tits and thew it over Josh's once again hardening cock.
"OK you fucking slut, remove that fucking thong!" George barked at his wife. T gulped at the harshness in his voice and complied with his order. Still facing Josh, she slid the sheer material over her hips and allowed them to fall to her heels. Kicking them aside she stood in the middle of her living room completely naked except for her heels standing between two horny men with hard cocks pointing at her.
And the evening had just started.