Mr. Ali was stood behind a small counter at the side of the store when he saw Katie walk in. He was a small wiry man with white/grey hair. He had been a tailor all his life and until very recently he there had been nothing new or interesting happen in his store.
He looked at Katie as she entered, he knew immediately who she was. He took a moment to look at the sight stood in the door way. Her face was beautiful, her body was slim and toned and her legs were stunning. He continued to gaze at her legs, they were sculpted and the stilettos she was wearing (4 inch heels he guessed), displayed them perfectly. The skirt was outrageous, he loved it, but to top it all were her amazing breasts that sat high on her chest and dominated her frame. He had dressed a girl like this a couple of years ago!
He cleared his throat with a polite cough and Katie turned to look at him.
After her ordeal in taxi Katie was still a little shaken and confused. Her mind was racing which was only natural, the worrying thing was that she had realised very quickly that she enjoyed it. After years of living a sheltered life and resisting the advances of many guys, she had suddenly been forced in to realising the desires that she had buried away so long ago. She had to admit to herself that the brief awakening she had just experienced had felt good.
Buzzing from the high of minutes ago her body was still on fire and without realising it she has begun to sashay over to the elderly man. It was not something she had ever done before and it felt like a release to show her body and feelings in such a deliberate way. By the time she was stood in front of the counter, Mr. Ali had already made his way in to the open shop area. He slowly reached out and shook her hand gently and guided her to a seat at the back of the store. The seat was to the side of a work counter and to the side of 3 large full length mirrors. Before she had chance to say anything the tailor introduced himself and explained that Mr. Oldham had given him free license to create a wardrobe for her that would be fitting for her role in the office. He could see that she was a little unsure of the situation and circumstances and so to try and put her at ease he cautiously ventured to compliment her about how impressed Mr Oldham had been with how she had handled a rather unusual first morning in her new job. Katie took some comfort from the fact that Mr. Oldham chose to mention this to the tailor and she began to feel more secure about being in the store, and that she still had a job!
She took a moment to look at herself in one of the mirrors. Without realising, her hand had crept up to her right breast and begun to pinch her nipple through the think blouse. She had never felt this aroused before, but it felt thrilling. Mr. Ali had been watching the antics as he spoke and was savouring the delights that may, just may, be coming his way.
Mr. Ali took his time talking through what Mr. Oldham had explained to him. He also took his time to ask Katie about herself, what she liked to do and how she liked to dress. She was surprised at how quickly she opened up to him and was shocked to hear herself explain what had just happened on the taxi ride to his store. He remarked that he felt that it must be difficult for such a beautiful woman to display her charms without inviting unwanted attention but that it would be a pity not to show others just how wonderful she was. As the conversation continued she began to feel more and more comfortable with the tailor as he then began to explain how the clothes would work. Each day he would prepare an outfit for her that she would wear to the office. She would come by the store before work and he would dress her with the clothes and accessories. He was very careful to explain that should she not strictly adhere to the dress code that he gave her, he would immediately stop making clothes and cancel the arrangement with Mr. Oldham Katie realised that such an outcome would be a disaster for her job and so she gave him every assurance that she would follow his instructions.
Mr. Ali explained that he had already begun to make some pieces of clothing but that it would not be ready for an hour or two. He suggested that rather than go home she would be welcome to stay in the back of the store where she could have a drink and relax. He led her through to a back room, it had soft lighting and was warm and cosy with a large sofa against one wall. He left the room but was back immediately with a bottle of wine and a plate of fruit. He told her that once he began work on the clothes she could relax on the sofa and enjoy the wine.
The old man then apologised for what he now needed to do. Katie grew concerned but her concern subsided a little when he explained that he need to measure her for a fitting. Katie didn't think that sounded too bad and so agreed. Before she could say anything else Mr. Ali had reached up and popped open the single button at the front of the blouse. Katie gasped with surprise but was frozen to the spot. With another quick move he gently pushed the blouse of her shoulders, pulled it off her body and folded it over his arm. Katie was now stood topless in front of a grey haired old man she had only met 30 minutes earlier. But, before she could object the old man lifted his hand to the hastily tied the waistband of the skirt and with one quick pull the skirt instantly fell to the floor. Katie had her eyes closed, her breathing was becoming ragged and her chest was rising and falling as she tried to keep it under control. She spent the next 10 minutes stood motionless whilst he measured every part of her body. When he was done he congratulated her on wonderful body and that any women would be proud to have breasts such as hers.
He gathered the blouse and skirt she had arrived in and excused himself as he left the room to get to work. He told Katie that he would be back in an hour and that she should enjoy the wine. Katie wasn't big drinker but she poured a generous glass full and took a big gulp. Despite being naked in a strange shop with an old man she had just met she was actually feeling relaxed. Within a few minutes she had drained the glass and was half way down her second. Unbeknown to Katie the sweet wine had an extra ingredient. Mr. Ali had opened the bottle a little earlier and added a concoction of relaxant and a very, very powerful aphrodisiac.
Katie was beginning to feel the effects of the 'special' wine, she laid back on the sofa and slowly began to drift in to a deep sleep. She was awoken when the old man came back in to the room. She looked down along her naked body and found he right hand was buried between her legs and her pussy was soaking wet. She felt incredible and for an instant she thought asking if he minded if she carried on playing with herself. She immediately shook the idea from her head amazed that she dared have such a thought that. It was so unlike her!
The old man explained to her that she in fact slept through the rest of the day and in fact the entire night and that it was actually now 07:00 the next morning. Katie immediately began to panic and started to shake nervously. Seeing her anxious state, the old man continued to speak in a calm and reassuring manner, explaining that given the day she'd had before arriving at his store he felt it would have been cruel to wake her and so let her sleep. He also calmed her further by explaining that he had spoken to Mr Oldham who had agreed with letting her sleep and who in turn had left a message on the answer machine at her flat so that her room-mates would not be worried. Katie's head was still spinning but she convinced herself that if she had been in the store all night that if anything bad was going to happen it would have happened already. She also felt comforted by knowing that Mr Oldham was OK with the situation and that he had taken it upon himself to make sure that her friends were not worried by her not coming home that night. After a few more minutes reassuring Katie the tailor beckoned her back in to the room at the back of the store where he positioned her on a small pedestal in the middle of the room. From where she was stood she had the 3 large mirrors in front of her. The old man was fiddling with a bundle of clothes on his work counter. As he continued to work he explained that Mr. Oldham had asked him to make sure that Katie's clothes should portray fun, energy and youthfulness as the lab and offices could be a dreary environment at times and he felt she could add the spark that was sometimes missing. Once again he also made the point of telling Katie that the clothes would also compliment her beautiful body and that they would be clothes that she could also enjoy. The fact that Mr Oldham had recognised qualities in her that he felt could improve the office almost made her feel proud and rather than standing awkwardly and trying to hide her nakedness she tried to embrace the situation and stood tall with her shoulders pushed back. Her newly acquired posture meant that her frame and figure was even more breath taking and the old tailor was struggling to keep from staring in fear of making her feel nervous again and ruining the 'comfortable' relationship that they (he) had developed.