This is a story that's about 90% true. Names were changed, and some other little things. Please forgive any mistakes you'll find. I think the last story I wrote was a book report in grade school. So this is my first story here. Be gentle please, but feedback, voting, or email is fine. I will write other stories about the past if I get enough good feedback. Hopefully Enjoy!
Slow_Roosevelt
*
The little crowd that surrounded the truck started cheering and making whooping noises, waiting for the show to start. She lowered her thong and took one foot out of them as she squatted. My eyes were on the screen of the handheld digital recorder capturing the event, while my boss /best friend, Mark, was smiling ear to ear taking pictures with his digital camera. This was his game. He loved to see how far he could push people out of their comfort zone sexually. He was a master in his 'Art'.
The blonde haired college beauty was up in the bed of his truck with the tailgate down. She was wearing a green halter top with a short skirt. In her current stance, with the help of the neon and strobe lights coming off the tattoo shop, you could tell she was shaved. She opened up her lovely pink folds with 2 fingers as her face turned flush. "She is actually going to do it" I said to myself. The truck was parked next to a 4 lane street, and even this late at night, the cars passing could see what was going on. There was a lot of honking and whistles coming out of the cars that were driving by. It was a very busy road that ran straight into downtown Fort Worth. The traffic helped business, and we were known for certain 'antics' that went on at the shop. I think that's why women like this one were coming to our shop a lot. Must have looked like a fucking Girls Gone Wild filming. Mark looked over with a wink and then yelled...
"Come on, we ain't got all night girl. Think of waterfalls."
"I'm trying, I swear!" The girl said while laughing. "I've got stage fright or something!"
This was making the crowd's weekend, but to Mark and I...it was just a little entertainment to end a night of work at the studio. A few minutes later some relief came over her face and a little trickle turned into a stream of pee. She was a little drunk, and her friends that were there started clapping. When finished, she pulled her thong back on while staring at me. A little impish grin crept up on the sides of her lips. She hopped off the truck and went to her friends while they all giggled.
After the show, we walked in the shop. There were three stations for tattooing and a long hall for all the artwork to hang on, for people to hang out, and few places to sit. To the left was the private office for piercing. My boss and I shared this space. Complete with a TV that had every single channel on satellite, thanks to some hook up he had swapped out no doubt for a tattoo or something. It was always on some hardcore porn channel. Full security system including 10 cameras that went around the shop and into the main waiting area. The crowd dispersed except for the people waiting to be tattooed. Mark had me setup the tray for a tongue piercing.
I laughed. "You made her do all that for a free tongue piercing?"
"She wanted it for free. Why? Do you think I got ripped off?" He grinned. Always the smart ass.
I had been working there since I was 17. I was now 21. As a piercer I knew this would cost him 3$ for everything, even though we charged 40$ a piercing. I didn't think it was much of a fair deal for her, but then again I wasn't the one who agreed to it. After so many of these, I wasn't even shocked anymore. I'd seen and filmed everything from women masturbating with different objects that Mark had found humorous; to women who would stick fingers in their asses and re lube their fingers with their mouths several times before he said they could stop. Women would get naked and make out. Every once in a while, I would need to step out of the room. I'm not gonna try and play psychologist to figure out why they did it. For the rush, just to be bad, the thrill, or just the money. Anyway, now he had a pee vid to add to his collection. I'm guessing everything in between also.
I just laughed harder. "You never cease to amaze me man. How did you know she would do it?"
"When you've worked here long enough young skywalker, you too will be able to sense these things!" He said in a mock voice.
Rolling my eyes, I asked. "No really, they all look the same in their little skirts and bubbly attitudes?"
"Just flirt dude. Hint about something that could possibly offend them, if it doesn't then push a little further. Always look 'em in the eyes, they never lie. Keep a lookout for body language, if she really wants you to know, it will be there"
To tell the truth I'm totally clueless if a woman likes me or not, unless they come out and tell me or some really obvious like a kiss, asking me out, or grabbing me etc. I just don't pick up on hints.
I wasn't a virgin, but growing up Southern Baptist in TX. At a private school... That's really not a subject they touch on. It was only till high school I finally went to public school. All hell broke loose after that. I went from a tie wearing goodie goodie, to a pure bad boy by the time my sophomore year came around. Mark had been the brother I never had. He was the owner of the tattoo shop and after he offered me a job, my education about body art and women began.
Mark was 35, and doing well with the shop. I wasn't anything to write home about. I'm about 5'8, a lil on the big side, brown spiky/messy hair with my fair share of piercings, a regular sized 6 inch dick(pierced, imagine that). I am a little bit wider than average, with a proportionate head to my width. Just one tattoo on my neck, in white ink, that glows in the black light. Just a word. Actually the only thing I've ever been complimented on was my blue "piercing eyes", cute nose, and full lips that were "soo kissable". Needless to say my self esteem had never been quite that high. Didn't help much that I was dealt a massive blow when my 5 year relationship with Jenny had ended very badly. That's another story though. It was still in the back of my mind as it had only been a couple of months.
Mark continued. "The two of the four girls in blue shirts out there are snobs, they're only here because she wanted to get her tongue pierced and decided to tag along. The other 2 want you bro."
"Who?" Pee girl and the short haired one?" Swaying my head in disbelief.
"Yeah, they've both been staring at you all night. You didn't see that smile she gave you in the truck?"
"That was for the camera, she was just being playful. Besides she's been hanging onto the short haired girl all night. She's gay."
"No, not gay. She might be bi, but not gay. There's potential for a lot of fun there bro!"
"Whatever Mark, you ready?"
"Yeah, send her in."
I opened the door and let her know he was ready.
"Can I bring a friend in, I'm nervous."
The girl could pee in public but was nervous about this. I just shook my head and snickered.
"Yeah, one person can come in with you."
"Chaz, will you come in with us? I'm scared." Hillary asked me. (The girl with the green tank top) She was grinning and started giving me these puppy dog eyes that made Bambi look like a heroin-chic CK model.
"Yeah come on, we thought you were going to be doing the piercing anyway." The girl with the pink halter top chimed in. I later found out her name was Tina. They were both lookers. Very sexy curves in all the right places. As to how they knew my name, I wasn't sure. I grabbed a stool and after a couple of minutes of calming her down, she left with her brand new piercing, standing out in the lobby showing her other friends.
"See I told ya." Mark said while disposing of the trash.
"Told me what? Did I miss something? She said one thing to me; hardly think she was begging for my dick."
"Watch this." He skipped to camera 10 which showed the lobby. They were standing there. They kept turning around looking at the closed piercing room. There was no sound on the cameras. All I could see was the 2 girls talking with one of our tattoo artists, and pointing at the door. Don came in, and said I was wanted in the lobby.
"Hey, what's up?"
"Hey, we were wondering if you would like to come to a party tomorrow." I looked over towards the 2 snobs who were looking irritated and just wanting to leave.
"Where is it going to be at?"
"At the sorority house."
I didn't want to attend a party where snobby bitches were going to be looking down at me all night. I was hesitant, and the girls must have seen it in my face.
"Don't worry, they're always like that, the rest of the house is fun! It's free liquor, and we promise to make it worth your while." There was that grin again. The pert B cups staring back at me were hard to resist, but I'm an ass man all the way. I had caught myself stealing a glance at 'em through the night. Who am I kidding? It's the first fucking thing I try to look at when I get the chance.
"Ok, I'll go. Just call this cell number, and we'll see what happens. Oh, one stipulation. At no time during the party while I'm there will you pee in public, please." I said with a laugh and smirk. They both laughed and Hillary replied in mock surprise. "Oh, I thought you liked that."
"No, that's my boss's kink, not mine."
"Really?" Well then what's the dirty secret Mr. Chaz is holding back?"
"Umm, that's a pretty personal question." I said with a raised eyebrow.
Mark must have been listening. He came out of the door knowing I wasn't about to tell her. "Aww, come on, tell me."
"Tell her what?" Mark couldn't pass up this conversation.
"What his kink is?"
"Anal. Although not really a kink I think, just a preference. Now ATM, that's a kink. He smiled and went over to the artist's station. Yup, that's my best friend, always going for shock and awe. To my surprise she didn't even flinch. I thought the ass-mouth reference would send them running for the door. "THANK YA MARK!" I said in a highly exaggerated voice.
"Hmm... Maybe you should of setup the dare tonight." Hillary said as a sly smirk came across her face. I didn't know how to respond. I had only been in the one long relationship and was still awkward and shy around girls. The flirting was easy, but once it came down to serious conversation I would lock up like a virgin in a whore house.
They left and the shop closed an hour later. After getting paid for the night, I was off in my car blaring my favorite band, TOOL. Window down just cruising home, while the streets were empty. This was my favorite time. 2 in the morning, wind in my hair, and the placing looking like a ghost town. I was in my own world till I noticed that fucking car. My cell phone went off with a text message, but I was too irritated to take it now. "Motherfucker" I mumbled. This damn red Honda had been following me home on and off for the last 3 weeks. It had tinted windows so I could never see who the driver was. A week earlier I had gotten out of my car at a light and ran toward the car, but they sped off, only to catch me later on down the road. My apartment hadn't been broken into (yet), which is what I thought this was all about. Maybe checking to see if my schedule ever changed? My Ex had crossed my mind. Maybe she was seeing if I was already bringing home girls. Jenny fucked up bad, but I didn't think with all the shit she put me through, that she'd be following me.
I pulled into a parking spot and my phone went off again with another text. Ignoring it, I got out of the car, and shut the door. This is when the car always pulled off. I was going over in my head if I had pissed anyone off, but I pretty much got along with everyone. Shrugging it off, I was home at last. A shower seemed like heaven, so after that I had a snack and lay down on my bed.
A few minutes later my reminder buzz went off on my phone. I checked the first one which was from a phone number I didn't know. It was a few pictures from Hillary and Tina. They were both bent over with their asses spread and looking back at the camera. "God these chicks are evil" I thought to myself. There was another where one had taken a small dildo up their butt. It was out of focus and grainy so I couldn't really tell who was who. The last was a picture of them both naked standing in a bathroom naked, with huge smiles on their faces.
"I hate it when Mark is right" I said out loud. The next text was from them also. It said "Better come to the party or you will be in trouble :P". I was hard as a rock. It was going to be easy to get off and have a good night sleep. I texted back "Whatever...you're jus a bunch of teases". I figured they were asleep by now. So I dropped my phone and looked for a sock I could jerk off into. Guys, don't even act like you don't know what I'm talking about.
My phone buzzed, and I flipped it open.
"I'm not a tease! I just know what I want."
I decided to leave it at that and relieve myself to the pictures. Soon after my body gave out, and I was sound asleep. I woke up around noon. Made some tea and went out on the balcony. My next door neighbor, Amy, was out sun tanning as usual. I wondered where her girlfriend was. They had moved in before me and after getting to know them, I found out they were a couple. There was nothing bi about them. Amy was normal and fun to talk to, but Michelle was a man hater. Needless to say we didn't get along all that well, but she tolerated me.
"What's up rug muncher?" We were always joking with each other.
"Nothing much dick licker. How ya been?"
"Ok I guess, you?"
"I'm good. So whatcha doin on this gorgeous Saturday?"
"Just gonna clean up a lil round the house, and maybe go to a party tonight."
"Where's the party?"
"It's at a sorority, got asked to go by these 2 girls last night."
Arching her eyebrow I could tell she was getting interested. "Really? 2 girls huh? What sorority?"
"I dunno, they haven't called me with a time or place yet. If that doesn't work out I'm sure my friends will have something going on."
That's when the man hater came out. She looked at me with a frown. Ever since me and the ex had broken up, she acted liked I was trying to move in on her girl. I was really gett'n tired of this bitch.
"Hey freak, we don't want to hear about your latest conquests, ok?" Alright, fuck it. Let's go there.
"Seriously-if I stuck my cock in your mouth, would you shut the fuck up?"
"Wha... You're a fucking asshole!"
"Hey-Don't blame me for the wound in your crotch. By the way, you owe us a rib... man hating bitch."
Amy burst out laughing. She was almost in tears, and must of got a look from the butch to come inside.
"Well, you'll have to let me in on the details later. I gotta go... c ya."
"Later."
Man that felt good. I recently started to say what I was thinking. My relationship had turned me into a little pussy whipped dog boy afraid to open my mouth. If the new me was an asshole... "Eh, Fuck it. Then so be it!" I thought. After cleaning the house I called some friends up to see what they were doing tonight. Mostly strip clubs and dance bars were on the list. I must of dozed off, cuzz when I woke up my phone was buzzing with a few text messages. I looked at the clock and it was 8pm. All the messages were from Hillary. The first was telling me where the party was and to show up around 8(oops). Another one was asking if I was coming or not. The last one was just a "hello?" I sent her a message back saying that I would be there. A few seconds later her message came through and it said "can't wait!!"
About an hour and a half later, I knocked on the door and could hear the bass from the music outside. The door opened and a girl with a notebook stood there. She looked me up and down with a smiling expression. "Here we go..." I thought to myself.
"Name?" she asked. I sighed, already tired of this game.
"Chaz." She looked at her list.
"Ahh here we are. Tina and Hillary's guest." She looked up with a raised eyebrow. "Well stud, looks like your VIP, enjoy the party. She wrapped me a paper bracelet and secured it to my wrist.
"VIP?" I asked.
"Oh, it just means the girls paid for you to get in, and bought your drinks. It also allows you to go upstairs without ...umm being escorted. Doesn't happen very often." She said with a smile. "Enjoy."
I had a feeling I wasn't gonna have a problem doing that. I didn't know what was upstairs, but I needed to find the drinks quick. This place was jumping with people. The music was loud in the dimly lit rooms, and the concert lighting was swirling all around like a real dance club. Hot chicks were everywhere! As I wondered around I finally found the beer. With no signs of Hillary and Tina, I polished off a few from the keg. Then I saw my vice. I threw down 2 doubles of jager. I heard a voice from behind me.
"Chaz?" As I turned around 2 women stood there with shocked looks on their faces. I didn't recognize them, and didn't want to be rude.
"Umm hey, how's it going?" They looked vaguely familiar now, but still didn't know where I knew them from.
"You don't remember us do you? We used to come up to shop all the time. You pierced my naval."
"Oh right, now I remember, it's ummm..."
"Amanda and that's Michelle." She replied. Yeah right, like I'd remember the names of every naval piercing I did. I tried to recover quickly with the athletic looking college hotties. I didn't want to come off as a complete jerk.
"Well, I'm glad I found someone I know at this party. I was about to leave if things didn't get better."
"Please... you prolly know half the people here. What do we have here?" Looking at the bracelet. "VIP huh? You must know someone at this party very well."
"I met Hillary and Tina at the shop and they invited me, I don't really know them. I came to the door and the girl put this on me." I shrugged.
"Well since your hosts aren't here, why don't you come with us into the game room...?" Then my hosts decided to show.
"Ahem." Turning again, I see Hillary and Tina with pissed off faces and arms crossing their chests. 'Oh well, looks like I'll be off to the game room if this doesn't work out.' I thought to myself.
"Ah, there you are." I said to Hillary.
"And where exactly where you about to go?" I stammered, and looked between Amanda and Hillary.
"I was just talking to some friends." After a few seconds Hillary started laughing.
"I'm just messing with you, loosen up a bit." Which is exactly what I had been doing, and progress was great. I was starting to get a buzz. I excused myself from the 2 I had been previously talking to and Hillary and Tina led me through the house, crossing the dance floors. Seemed like a lot of people knew me, from the shop again I'm sure. I just said hi back, and did a few double takes on some very hot looking girls. I got slapped in the butt as Hillary just looked at me in disbelief. "Easy Tiger, I hope you've got enough to handle for the night."
We ended up going up some stairs to where the rooms where lined up down long hallways. I was ushered through a door to which I assumed was one of the girl's. It was a nice room for how small it was. Had all the usual furniture, desk, end table, dresser, and a bed. There were some pictures and posters on the wall. Hillary led me to the bed and we sat down. I saw Tina walk over to a tripod with a video recorder on it, as Hillary asked me if I wanted another drink.
"Yeah, uhh... sure. Umm... What's with the video camera?" Then I saw the little red light go from red to green. I knew it was recording. Even with the room spinning a bit, feeling very uninhibited, I wasn't digging the camera. Tina came and sat down on the other side of me.
As I lifted the beer to my lips and felt the cold beer rush down my throat, I began to feel two hot velvet mouths on either side of my neck. Hot and cold sensations ran through my body and my already rigid cock went to raging stone. I didn't stop till the beer was gone. I let the beer drop down to the carpet as Tina found mouth. The other tongue had just licked the lobe of my ear. Then a seductive whisper came to my ear. "I can't use my tongue or vaj tonight baby because of nature, but I still wanna play, and I don't think that you'll be in any way disappointed. Tina is ready to go, so let's get more comfortable.
They both took my shirt off, and pushed me down onto a pillow with my legs still hanging off the bed. Hillary and Tina both got up and started dancing with each other. Slowly it started to get more erotic and sensual. Both of them started to undress each other, and in the back of my mind I had wondered how many times this scenario had played out in their room. It was just too planned out. That was quickly replaced by the view of a bras unsnapping and dropping to the floor. Hillary had the PERFECT pair of tits. B cup, and her nipple and areola matched the rest of her skin, not a shade lighter or darker. It was a rarity to find the color like these. You could barely see the circle and nipple. I was eager to get my mouth watering lips and tongue on them. Tina had the same size but her nipples were quite a bit larger and darker than the rest of her skin.
They slowly made their way down to the skirts and slipped their fingers in the seams. One by one their naked asses slowly came to my view. I was following the lines of their backs over their butts to the stems of these two beauties, and they seemed flawless. Now being fully naked, I was surrounded on both sides as they rubbed their soft naked bodies against me. Hillary kissed me with lust, but I could tell she was holding back because her tongue still hurt her from the night before.
I heard my zipper sing, and felt the button on my pants go. Slowly a hand found my shaft and was rubbing it through my boxers. Tina said "Lift up." With my ass off the bed, they took the boxers down with pants. I lowered back down and my socks came off with the rest of it. I slowly got over the fact that I was now nude with not only with one, but two women. Then I noticed the camera again.
"We leaving that thing on?"
"I thought you liked videos." Hillary mumbled.
"That's my boss's thing, you know that."
"Well, just consider it a present then." Not at all sounding interested in what I was saying. I looked down and both were looking at my dick. Then I realized a Prince Albert piercing wasn't that common in those days. Especially a 2 gauge. I also had 4 long barbells in my sack, which looked like a ladder.
"Oh, um, it's a piercing for a woman's pleasure, and it works. I can take it out though if you want."
"No! It's fine; I've just never seen one." Tina said but still in awe.
"You bitch!" Was Hillary's retort. "I had to be on my period the week this happens!" As she was smiling.
"Sorry, but I gotta try that out. It looks so fuck'n good." Tina had some determination on her face. Hillary just looked at me. She seemed to want a ride also, even in her present state. I was not turned on by that picture. Sorry folks, another one of those things that just doesn't get my blood boiling. "There's always next time" I said with my eyebrow raised.
Hillary climbed up and started kissing me again. I felt my dick jump when Tina's mouth kissed the bottom of my shaft. She licked the underside to my head and back down to my balls while stroking me. I felt her take a ball in her mouth and started to moan. Shockwaves were running through my body. Slowly she came back up and worked it out that the only way she could go down on me was to turn her head sideways to accommodate the ring. It felt great, but I wasn't used to this. Getting head purely for pleasure. Mainly my ex used it to get me up and going when I wasn't already at full attention. She wasn't real...well...SEXUAL AT ALL!! Reading this 'Jenny'? Bitch. It was mainly missionary, get on and get off. I had only seen different in porn but didn't consider it real life, so accepted it as the normal. Anytime I mentioned anything different, I was quickly shot down. I was the exact opposite. I wanted to try everything and anything. (To an extent. I'm not attracted to men.)
Hillary started moaning and I broke the kiss to move her perfect tits toward my face. She was rubbing her clit like a possessed woman. I licked and sucked on her nipple, while my other hand twisted and pulled her other. I pulled back to look at them again, to see how perfect they were, and then went back after them with a new passion. She might have thought these were the first pair of breasts I'd seen the way I went after them, but I didn't care.
Then I went into sensory overload as Tina put the head of my dick into her pussy. I let out an 'aaahh' about the same time as she did. Hillary looked and flipped onto her back. She rested her head on my shoulder. She slowed her hand that was rubbing her clit. I was able to keep my hands on her tits. Tina was slowly lowering and then coming back before I was able to feel myself fully buried in what I can only describe as a wet, hot, and tight velvet glove. As I looked into her face, she opened her eyes half way and a wide grin came to her parted lips.
"That feels so good, baby."
"Yeah, it does." "What a fucking lamer" I thought to myself. At the time, it was the only thing I could say. She sat on me and we both just savored the feeling.
"Well, come on, fuck him!" Hillary sounded off more like an order.
"Oh god, this isn't gonna take long." I felt her shiver, as she rose, and come back down slowly. Hillary moved her hand faster, and I used my free hand that wasn't trapped under Hillary to play with Tina's breasts and nipples. Her pace quickened, and I was starting to feel really good.
"Guy's have the perfect view." Hillary said. Obviously admiring the way her girlfriend was riding me. "Look at her lips gripping your wet shiny cock." If Tina wasn't gonna get me off by fucking me, the dirty mouth on Hillary was.
"Does that feel good you little slut?"
"Oh fuuucckk yeeaaahhhh"
"Ahh, shit." Was my next smooth line. Then my mind went blank. I wasn't thinking about what to say anymore like I usually did. Then ask myself if it was PC or not like I did with my girlfriend.
"Yeah, there you go... fuck me harder, harder! Come on!" I started meeting her thrusts as words poured outta me. "Come on, cum on my cock. Be a good little girl and cum on me." Hillary looked over and took one of my pierced nipples in her mouth and bit down hard. "You better not cum yet; you got more work to do." Was her response to my painful expression. Either she was already close, or my comments had pushed her over the edge. Hillary let out a moan as she was frantically massaging her clit. "Oh god that looks so good." She said while looking at Tina's body pumping onto me. "Yaahhh, uhh huhhh, I'm gonna cum!" She said as her body started shaking. "Don't stop fuck'n him... it's making me so hot...oh god, I'm close." Hillary arched her hips and started bucking. "Oh yeah... oh...oh...yes, yes, yes, OOOooohhhhhh."
A few moments later Tina set off into her own world. Hillary jumped up and ran to the dresser.
"Fuck Chaz, I'm cuming! Tell me... Tell mee too cumm."
"Oh I can't wait for it. Gimme your cum. I want it so bad. Cumm for me baby!"
That's was all it took. With one last thrust on my shaft, she started to grind into my body pressing her clit into my pelvic bone. I could feel her inner walls contract around me. Almost the polar opposite of Hillary, Tina screamed as her body undulated underneath me. Her show almost sent me over the edge. There's something about a woman cumming, or talking dirty. It makes me cum with much more intensity. She leaned over and let her body lay on top of mine. I put my arms around her, but Hillary jumped on the bed quickly reminding us it was her turn.
I heard a groan from Tina as she started to pull herself off me. I was in some confusion though. I knew Hillary couldn't use her mouth. I started to think she was going to fuck me anyway, which I was gonna put an end to right there. She showed me a bottle of cherry flavored lube, and my slowly my inebriated brain started to grasp the concept of what was about to happen. Hillary looked over her shoulder at Tina.
"Could you get me ready baby doll, I know you love it." She said while handing the lube to Tina.
"Cherry eh?" I asked. She turned with a grin. We started kissing, and I massaged her tongue with mine trying not to hit the barbell that was causing her a little discomfort. Her moans and pants started to really kick up, and I broke off the kiss. As I looked around her, Tina was working away at her backside. I cupped her ass and spread her cheeks. I felt Tina's hand start to lube me up. I took out my pa ring, and Hillary straddled me quickly. She was kissing me with more urgency this time. Pants and more moans passed through her lips.
"You sure are taking your time back there baby, give me another finger." Her voice now just being higher than a whisper. She was rocking back and forth. My mind raced as I imagined Tina fingering and opening up Hillary for me. She was still rubbing lube on my cock. I couldn't believe I hadn't cum yet. Must have been all the liquor.
"Ohh I'm so ready for you. You want my ass you bad boy? You betta give it to me good!" The grip on my dick loosened and Hillary moved down on my body till I could feel her soft skin. She raised her body off me and positioned herself over my dick. She slowly lowered herself onto me at her one pace. Even with Tina's help, it was hard to get the head through her tight asshole. As it popped through, she let out a sigh and slowly slid down my shaft. As she moved up and down, it felt and looked like heaven.
"Ooooh... I so love your cock in my ass. It feels so fuck'n great." Tina moves up to kiss and lick my nipples. Moving up my neck to my mouth, we started kissing as she caressed Hillary's breasts. She stopped riding me.
"Bend me over Chaz, and give it to me good!"
Tina re lubed me while Hillary got on all fours. I put my dick at her entrance, and it was much easier to push through. Sliding down to the hilt, she gave her approval with moans, and backing up to meet my thrust. As we got a rhythm going, my aggression took over and I started pounding harder. Tina seemed to get into it, as she slapped Hill's ass over and over.
"You like that cock up your ass you lil slut?"
"Ohh you know it baby girl! Harder! Faster! Give it to me please! Fuck my ass!"
"Come on, fuck her good!!
As I started to go faster, I pulled out to far. Hillary let out a gasp and a "Noooo. Put it back in!" Tina grabbed my dick and licked the head, then engulfed my dick in her mouth. Hillary looked back.
"How does my cherry ass taste baby?"
"You know it's delicious!"
She guided me back in, and with the porn star move Tina just pulled on me, I was overwhelmed. I started thrusting as fast as I could. Tina started to rub Hillary's clit. As she started to squeal, I could feel myself about to burst. "I'm gonna cumm!" I said. "Gimme you're cum baby; I'm almost there, oh God! Fuck my ass! Fuck it, fuck it fuck it, yes, yes!!" My body spasmed and I could feel rope after rope of cum blast out of me. I tried to keep going, knowing I was gonna go soft soon until I heard her scream out with a list of profanities that almost made me cum again. We fell onto our sides as I slid out. Tina got Hillary onto her hands and knees and knelt behind her. "Umm you taste so good Chaz." I couldn't reply. My head was replaying what just happened to me, as I tried to get my breathe back. I leaned over to Hillary and whispered that I needed to know where the bathroom was.
The girls were still at it as I slipped my boxers on. I couldn't wait to pee any longer. When I opened the door, 5 girls piled up falling forward as the door gave way. Seems we had an audience. The only 2 I recognized were Amanda and Michelle. I looked back, and saw Hillary and Tina pull on some robes. I jumped over the girls on the floor. "Excuse me ladies." I ran to the bathroom and cleaned up after I relieved myself. Not knowing what was going on down the hall, I took my time, not wanting to face all of them again. So hoping they had left, I walked back to the room and the door was open. The camera had been removed from the tripod, and I could hear sounds as all the girls huddled around the camera viewer (Guess I should of got back quicker). When they saw me, they closed the viewer and put the evidence on the desk.
I really couldn't get pissed about them showing the video, though I was surprised. She did after all expose herself and pee in public to I don't remember how many people. Not really knowing what to do next, with a room full of women. Their attention was in my general direction. I headed towards my jeans. Then Amanda asked the question I had heard a thousand times at the shop. When people were interested in getting the piercing, or having their boyfriend get it. I would show mine, or Mark would. We were the only 2 to have it done.
"So, let's see it." She said in a more commanding voice than I would have liked.
"Can't, sorry." A little irritated at how she asked, I leaned up against the wall with my arms crossed.
"Why not? Too shy? Come on, please?"
"No I'm not shy. I took it out, and it's somewhere in the bed with the sheets." Could ya tell I wasn't gonna make this easy on 'em?
"I'll find it!" Said Tina. She went over to the bed and found the ring and the ball that closes it.
"Here ya go."
"All right." I pulled my boxers down and showed them how it went in, and how the ball snapped it close. They looked at it for a while, asking the normal stupid questions. "Did it hurt", "How do you pee", "Do you leave it in when you have sex? Does it feel good?" "Yessss, and OH so GOOOD!!" Tina chimed in. I hadn't noticed till then that the door was still open as I forgot to close it. There were another 2 girls and a guy standing there with a pretty good view of me. I guess it caught them by surprise as they were walking by. I was starting to feel like an exhibit, or some side show attraction at that point, so I pulled up my boxers to a few "awwws" of disappointment.
"Ok girls, time to go." Hillary said. It dawned on me that I didn't know the etiquette of what I should do next. Do I get dressed? Do I lay down with them? They handled it though. We got dressed and hung out at the party for another couple hours. It was time to go, so I kissed the girls and headed my way back to the apartment.
My phone had gone off 3 or 4 times, but I usually never pull it out while driving, so I just ignored it. I took a very relaxing hot shower, and headed to bed. My phone was on the night stand, so I grabbed it to see what I had missed. The first two were calls from Hillary. The next 2 were text messages. One said to "Have a good night; we'll see ya soon Tiger!" It didn't even occur to me a repeat was gonna happen. I was still trying to process tonight. The next one amusingly read "Oh btw, you were great tonight!! I think the whole sorority knows. Amanda has a big mouth. Sorry!" I didn't really care who said what about me. I had the tape, and really hadn't thought about going back there anyway, so I didn't respond. I was bushed and my pillow never felt better.
*
This is a story that's about 90% true. Names were changed, and some other little things. Please forgive any mistakes you'll find. I think the last story I wrote was a book report in grade school. So this is my first story here. Be gentle please, but feedback, voting, or email is fine. I will write other stories about the past if I get enough good feedback. Hopefully Enjoy!
Slow_Roosevelt