I couldn't get the image out of my head. Teeny little strips of the G-String my stepmom made me hand wash for her over the weekend. What's worse is that she hardly had to make me, somehow even more embarrassing. All I could picture was her soft 27 year old mound sitting snuggly in the barely there material I had between my soapy fingers, the butterfly shape teasingly woven in the back.
"You might get a little peek."
Amy's words echoed over me. Falling out of her beautiful half Korean face, brown eyes looking up at me, jet black pigtails bouncing as she spoke. I didn't even know girls wore that kind of underwear outside the bedroom.
She had this way of bossing me around like a real mom one minute and then turning into this sexy little schoolgirl the next. She once wore a tiny pleated skirt around the house all afternoon that was so short, I could see the bright pink color of her panties as she skipped about. I wanted her to straddle me so badly, not even the girls at school dressed like that.
That was the day my fixation began. Did she know I'd been in her underwear draw? I had been so careful. She must've worked something out the way she'd been baiting me...
"Why don't you come and join us buddy?"
I was jolted back to reality by the gruff sound of my father's voice. Dazed, I looked over at him on the couch. He was slouched back, beer in one hand and the woman of my dreams in the other...
"Ah that's ok, homework's nearly finished I might join you after I'm done." I tried to look concentrated at the laptop in front of me.
"Suit yourself bud, this isn't so bad." I glanced up in distain.
It was Halloween so Amy had suggested having a movie night and watching something called "Trick r Treat". I wasn't feeling it and didn't want to be near them when they were together. She was draped over him, her messy bun leaning on his chest with one eye on the movie, the other on her phone. Her long light brown legs sprawled along the couch sprouting from the baggy grey hoodie I had lent her months ago.
It was killing me that my vantage point at the breakfast table wasn't close enough to make out what was underneath it. Her light-yellow pyjama shorts maybe? I didn't want her to catch me looking, she had enough power over me as it was but I couldn't help it.
Her perfect little feet dangled off the arm of the couch, the light of the TV shining off the pink toenails I had painted for her a few days ago. Transfixed, I could still feel her slight foot in my palm.
I felt eyes on me and looked up, my heart skipping a beat. Amy had an innocent look across her beautiful round face and shot me a casual relaxed smile. Feeling relieved I nodded upward in acknowledgment.
Just as I turned back to my laptop I saw movement. She had slid down the couch slightly, my hoodie however staying put. It was riding up her legs as her hands slowly made their way around my father's thighs. She leant up to meet his face when I saw it.
Two perfect light brown cheeks poking out dissected by a tiny thin piece of orange and black material only just visible and lodged between. My mouth agape I looked up at their faces, quietly but passionately locked together.
While they were distracted, I scanned down her petite body only stopping once I got back to the skimpy thong pulled tightly up her blushing buns.
Her left leg lay flat on the cushions while her right began to raise gently, knees slightly parting. I couldn't help but lean over on my chair to get a better view of the black and orange pattern cupping her warm little slit.
Their tongues slid together as I squinted harder making out small orbs with yellow faces on them. Were they... Jackolanterns?
Suddenly she pulled back upright. Startled I jumped up on my seat pretending not have moved or noticed.
A few minutes passed during an awkwardly silent part of the movie until my phone buzzed. It was Amy. I looked up at her, eyes still on the TV ignoring me. Her message popped open...
"Trick or treat??"
I felt the blood rush to my face. Did she know I'd been looking? Not wanting to acknowledge the flustered state I was in I wrote back.
"Treat"
It was Halloween after all maybe she meant nothing by it. She didn't move, her long smooth legs now crossed fully covering the miniscule strip of material I knew was wedged within. The movie dragged on but I couldn't stand the tension any longer and walked out of the room to take a shower...
Try as might, I couldn't shake the image of Amy's pert little ass out of my head as I washed. I wasn't going to touch myself thinking about her anymore, I won't let her strengthen her hold on me.
I heard the buzz of my phone and immediately jumped over to the sink managing to let myself down instantly. She'd finally replied...
"Treat it is Pauly! Waiting for you in your room."
My mind raced desperately trying to decode her cryptic words.
Towel around my waist, I peered out the door to check the coast was clear before jumping into my room, half expecting not to be alone when I got there.
I was met with my usual empty mess looking just I had left it with one exception. A small dark piece of material bundled up on my pillow.
Immediately snatching it as if about to be caught, I studied my prize. Amy's minuscule panties.
I let them fall downward as I held on by the sides. The two straps met with a symmetrical Y shape at the back leading down to the thong strip that I had just seen stuck between her cheeks. I wanted to burst just looking at the small orange faces leering back at me.
I knew it.
Jackolanterns with cartoony ghosts between them. How had I never seen this pair before? My heart pounded. I couldn't stop myself from moving Amy's damp thong up to my nose.
As I inhaled her musky sweaty scent, my phone buzzed again making me jump.
"Happy Halloween treat!"
I felt almost panicked. Had she really just bought a pair of panties to wear once and then give to me as a present??
I began a reply trying to stay calm. "Thats an interesting gift Amy" I backspaced...
"Thats an interesting gift Lamey"
A nickname I'd cleverly use to hide my attraction to her. I could see her typing something.
"I said TREAT not GIFT hahaha"
She was toying with me again but I couldn't figure out how. A longer bubble swooped in.
"Thought a spooky thong would be perfect for today ;) I won't be needing it for the rest of tonight though... I expect you to hand wash it first, rinse, use the fabric softener, then rinse again. I look forward to seeing it hung up on the line when I leave for work in the morning. Thanks bestie! Xx"
I looked wide eyed down at the minuscule strip that had spent all day cupping Amy's probably flawless pink pussy. I'd give anything to plunge my tongue right into it... Two little lips running a whole house.
I sent her back a thumbs up not knowing what else to say and got dressed. Tucking my throbbing boner into the waistband of my sweatpants, I made my way to the laundry.
*****
The afternoon sun was setting during my drive home from work as I shifted around excitedly in my seat. Smirking to myself I couldn't stop thinking about poor Paul.
Seeing my new thong hanging up outside exactly as I'd directed left a big smile on my face this morning. Like a flag of victory, putting me in a peppy mood all day. I knew he'd be a good boy for me. I'll bet he really enjoyed his special little peek last night.
It was such a thrill when they arrived in the mail just in time for Halloween. I'd already started looking online for something with a thanksgiving theme. I even saw a pair of Christmas panties with a little gift wrapping back and Santa Claus on the front. Pauly would look so cute being my Santa's little helper for the holidays, I could have him under my spell even more. I giggled thinking about the candy cane salutes I'd be sure to see down below his waist.
A sinking feeling came over me for a moment as I wondered if I might be pushing him too far, maybe he really did have crush on me? He was probably a virgin after all. Certainly the nerdy type but he was also tall, with a lanky but fit build -- definitely the kind of guy that wouldn't have looked twice at me when I was in high school.
Well now that I'd come into my own the tables had turned I thought, the grin returning to my face. Besides he should be thanking me, I was just giving him something nice to look at when he got home. So what if I got to feel good about myself in return. With the snap of my thong strap, I could get anything done around the house for me and so I should. I'll bet I could get him to mow every lawn in the neighbourhood If I promised to slide my tongue down his throat the same way I did for his father on the couch last night.
That was the other bonus. Stephen and I were thoroughly enjoying our improved sex life. It made me wet just thinking about the noises that must be echoing through the house from our room each night. So long as I could continue to restrain myself from moaning Paul's name, Stephen wouldn't care less where my newfound energy was coming from.
Anyway, it was too late to back out of the next part of my plan now I told myself as I pulled into the driveway, reaching over to the extra-large shopping bag on the passenger seat.
Paul lay sloppily on the recliner as I walked in, both hands on his gaming controller, his little blue eyes nearly covered in scruffy curly hair, not looking up as I called out.
"How was your day buddy??"
"Another day another dollar Lamey," he grumbled jokingly, acting unfazed by my presence.
I put my handbag down and strolled over to him slowly, heeled sandals clacking against the tiles of the hall, my dark green work skirt swaying just above my knees. Trying not to break my gaze I leant down and gave him a quick peck on the cheek.
"I had a look at the line before I left this morning," I said softly in his ear, his body adjusting awkwardly. "Thankyou for finishing your chore last night... Or should I say treat?"
A loud noise burst out of the TV. I think he might've just lost his game.
"Well that wasn't much of a treat" he snapped. His frustrated tone didn't match the bright red pimply face that turned around to look back at me. I saw right through him.
"Sorry Pauly," I pouted. "I just wanted to say thankyou for doing such good work last night getting your little job done, I knew I could trust you with some responsibility." His father wouldn't be home for another half hour at least but I leant back down to his ear as though we weren't alone. "Between us, I don't think I'd ever seen such a clean thong..."
Eyes darting around and breathing heavily Paul jumped up.
"Nothing to it for a pro!" he stammered making his way to the door. Grinning I spoke up again.
"You certainly are buddy! Speaking of which, before you disappear for the evening, I want you to go out to the line and then come upstairs. You can put my thong back now that it should be dry. Then we're going to have a little talk."
His mind must be racing I thought delightedly as I settled myself in the bedroom, removing the contents of my shopping bag. I quickly ran a brush through my hair, falling down to the shoulders of my white blouse. Tilting my head in the mirror, I admired the reflection looking back at me as I meticulously applied a touch-up of dark red lippy.
Hearing his lumbering footsteps coming back inside I swiftly undid my two top buttons revealing a hint of the black bra underneath and placed myself on the bed. I wanted to savour every drop of his weaknesses while he did my bidding.
"Spookier than ever," he said feigning a lack of enthusiasm while carefully carrying my pumpkin covered panties to the dresser.
"Not over there anymore Pauly." He looked back confused as I beckoned at the footrest in front of me. "That's what I wanted to talk to you about, leave them on the bed next to me and come and sit down."
I looked down at him with a calm, confident smile.
"Paul I can't pretend that I don't know about your secret trips to my underwear draw when I'm not at home." He stared at the floor looking genuinely panicked. I'd casually ripped out his biggest embarrassment in front of him. "Don't worry I was thinking it can be our little secret. How does that sound?"
After a moment he nodded defeatedly. "But if you want to keep it that way you'll have to get used to a new arrangement... Nothing to worry about, I just want to make sure that you know that seeing these kind of things is a privilege, not a right and that if you want rewards you'll have to earn them."
Looking like a stroppy toddler Paul nodded again.
"Good, I knew you'd be my clever guy. There's really nothing to it anyway, just a bit of a rearrange," I started to perk up again while he searched my face for answers.
"Let's just say your precious butterflies have a fun new home!" Paul went firetruck red again as I beckoned toward the shiny metal rectangular object on the floor by the door.
"Go on, go over and open it up. You can even take my nice fresh thong that you so diligently looked after with you."
After cautiously dragging himself to the floor, underwear in hand, he opened it. The lid producing a satisfying squeak as he lifted, eyes widening in harmony.
"That's so cute you look like you've just ripped into a Christmas present!" I giggled as he avoided my gaze. "I suppose by now you've recognised a few of your old friends inside the locker... You can put my pumpkins in with all the others on the left-hand side."
He obliged slowly lowering my panties into the packed compartment.
"As you can see the locker is spilt into two. Anything clean and ready for me goes on the left and anything... ready for you goes on the right."He studied his predicament.
"Th-This thing looks heavy Amy, I don't get how this is any better?"
Standing up from the bed I walked slowly to my purse sitting on the dresser, his eyes darting down to my tall black heeled sandals that I'd worn for him, the afternoon light catching my gold anklet as I moved.
"There are a couple of improvements Pauly. For a start there'll be a list of chores stuck to the front and if you manage to have everything crossed off by the end of the week, you'll get to unlock it and be my little laundry helper again... Won't that be fun??"
The corner of my mouth creeped upward forming the beginnings of a smile as I looked down at his stressed face, the cogs spinning in his head. I hope he didn't think I was angry with him.
"Don't worry you're still my bestie! We'll keep it tucked under the bed so that it can just be between us... And so long you keep doing the awesome job you already are, it'll stay that way."
His body deflated as his stress turned to resignation, appreciating the seriousness of his situation. Not only was I dangling a carrot in front of him, I'd placed a fire behind him.
"That's right Paul, it would be very unpleasant if your father found out that you'd been rummaging in my underwear draw... Or that you peeked up my skirt the other day when you were doing my nails. Or that you told me you have a favorite G-String of mine... I might actually like to see you try and explain that one!" I giggled.
He clenched his teeth, and grabbed tufts of his hair in despair. Seeing him so uncomfortable in my trap was getting me hot.
"B-but those messages you sent me?" he stuttered. My eyebrows lifted.
"What, the ones where I asked you to help out by doing some laundry after our movie night? Feel free to show them to whoever you like. I just needed some help around the house, how was I to know the mind of young man could be so filthy?" His shoulders sank again.
"Come on buddy it's not all bad. Look today I bought something cute to stick the list on the front for us." I reached into my purse. He looked up confusingly at the small colorful object as I handed it to him.
"It's just a magnet silly. And see in the shape of a butterfly, your favorite!" He looked like he might be about to smile again.
"There you go, we're still having fun, it's just a bit more organised. And hey whenever you look at the little butterfly on the top of your list, you'll remember what's to come at the end of the week." He must be so nervous and excited, I wondered if he was hard yet. The pressure must be building, poor little guy.
Still remaining very quiet he knew it wouldn't be wise to object, nodding faintly. "That reminds me I think it might be time for a bit of a test run," I said firmly taking a step closer to him.
"Now I've got good news and bad news Pauly, which would you prefer first?"
What wicked game had I cooked up now he'd be wondering. Fidgeting with the carpet he opened his mouth.
"I, um.. I guess the bad?" I paused to smile.
"The bad news is you're going to have to shut our new locker and it's staying that way for the remainder of the week. I see the bags under your eyes mister which makes me think you didn't get much sleep last night. Wouldn't be surprised if my pumpkins had something to do with that."
His face would've turned bright red if it hadn't already done so. "I think that's more than enough fun for the week don't you?" His head hung further forward.
"The good news is, it's time for you to show me how well you understand our new arrangement," I chirped.
Looking up in nervous anticipation, Paul watched as I turned to face away from him and pulled my dark green skirt up from above my knees to the middle of my thighs. Flipping only the front to obscure his view, I reached under and pulled down the delicate strip of material sitting beneath.
Standing back up I fixed my hair, knowing full well that Paul would be laser focused on the G-String that had just hit the floor. Light as a feather but the power of steel.
Maybe he's thinking I was going to make him take it down to the laundry. I scoffed to myself, he'll have to work for that. I looked down at my heels, passing each through the loops of my panties, stepping back and turning around again.
I posed with a confident sneer, arms folded, skirt still hiked up my thighs, teensy underwear at the toes of my right foot. My eyebrows raised again as I broke the silence.
"I think someone can't believe his luck," I taunted. His blue eyes darted down to my feet then back to my face.
"Don't tell me I've been wearing your favorites all day for nothing buddy!" His eyes widened noticing the familiar pattern.
"That's right you know this pair pretty well huh? Now show me you also know where they go."
He nervously leant forward off the footrest and crawled to the floor, reaching out for his warm black prize.
Just as his hand touched the material I quickly but firmly placed my heel on top making him flinch.
"One last thing to take with you Pauly," I said, swivelling my foot slightly to aim the gold anklet in his direction.
I hoped he'd have notice it by now, but his frazzled dinner plate eyes told me otherwise.
A small silver key, the same color as the box dangled lightly from my anklet.
"You're to take the key with you, that way once my G-string is tucked away, you can lock everything up for the night. I'll bet it feels good knowing your butterflies will be nice and safe now!" Paul didn't know how to react.
Without trying to look up he clumsily fiddled with the metal loop linking the key to my anklet, my tall black heel inches from his face.
If he wasn't hard before he was now. After a short struggle he freed it, giving me cause to raise my foot back up and allow him to finish retrieving my panties.
He looked broken I thought gleefully as I watched him crawl over towards the door. I pictured every guy that hadn't paid me any attention when I was his age. They wouldn't know it but Paul was going to pay for all of them.
A soft click filled the room as he secured everything neatly and walked back to the footrest sitting despondently.
"Ok Amy, if it means we can keep... some stuff between us I don't mind doing a bit more around the house," he murmured. I met his eyes with a proud look on my face as I walked over to him.
"I'm so impressed with you Pauly, you're becoming such a smart young man." A sense of relief washed over the air as I stood over him.
"Only one last thing to finish up and then you can go back downstairs to your games... I know you're keen to get going on your chore list but we'll keep that blank for the rest of the day."
He scanned the room apprehensively, unsure of my next move. Gently lifting up my right leg, I placed my foot firmly down on his thigh, the square heel of my sandal making him lurch as I pushed downward.
Twisting on the balls of my foot I angled my anklet at him once more. "Go on buddy, nearly there. Back where it goes," I said encouragingly.
Distracted, he glared uncontrollably up between my legs, still only just covered by my skirt.
"Ah ah there'll be no more of that today" I threatened, bunching the green material coyly up my legs and covering my now bare pussy at his eye level. I wonder if he'd ever been this close to something he wanted this badly.
Disheartened, he pulled out the key, still sitting in his sweaty palm and started working on the intricate loop in front of him.
"You know Pauly I really think our new arrangement is going to be great for both of us. I'm not going to have to clean the kitchen anymore, mop the floors or worry about the bins and you've got something fun to look forward to every week!" My pink painted toes wiggling happily to match my tone.
The more he struggled the hotter I felt. I discovered ahead of time that attaching our new key was much tougher than detaching.
"Since you're missing out on this week, just think about how much will be waiting for you next weekend." He clenched harder.
"There's already one G-String to look forward to, imagine what else will be in your locker by then... If you're good I might even wear my cute pink thong with the bunnies on it later just to give you something fun to look after in the laundry."
He started twisting, the clicking of metal under his nails. I leaned forward transferring more weight into his leg with my heel.
"You remember that thong Pauly?" I started laughing "The look on your face made me think your head was about to pop off when you got your special little peek last weekend."
His chin started to tremble, cheeks almost the color of my lipstick. Suddenly a soft click sprung from the anklet between us.
"Well done buddy, what a clever guy!" If it took much longer I might've seen tears... God that would've been hot. For now though, he probably could do with some affection after his ordeal.
I lowered my foot and let go of my skirt, the material flowing back down my legs. Turning my body slightly I kept our eyes locked as I began to sit. Feeling his whole body tremble, I rested myself softly on his lap, my skirt fanned around me.
His look of disbelief broken only by my arm grazing his nose slightly as I wrapped it around his shoulders. Being the smaller of us I shifted, slightly unstable. As if by Instinct he scooped up my legs and waist, supporting me firmly.
"Oh that's better... You've always made me feel so at home here bestie, I hope you know how much I appreciate you." A mixture of peace and excitement glowing from his face, he nodded. "I'm so glad we've found some fun ways to keep the motivation up in this house." I could feel his breath getting faster.
"It felt so nice wearing your butterflies all day, I knew they'd be the perfect treat after our little talk." I swooped my hair up to bring my face closer to his, planting a small peck on his neck. I paused for a beat.
What's the harm I thought before leaning back in and kissing again, slowly opening my mouth to let my tongue meet his skin. His heart pounded through his shirt as I licked.
Fists clenched and shivers reverberating through him, I closed my mouth again and moved up to his ear.
"You really have excellent taste Pauly," I whispered. "That G-string makes me feel like a real princess. I felt great today knowing my pussy was dressed up in such fancy decoration... And just for you." I shivered with pleasure thinking about how helplessly under my thumb he was.
"Don't you think my pussy only deserves the best? I can't wait till you earn your next special peek, I know you'll make me proud."
I could feel gyrating beneath me.
"What's going on down here," my voice raised again. I moved over slightly looking up at him with gleeful shock. "Aww I think someone's getting a bit excited!" I mocked, finally acknowledging the rock-hard elephant in the room poking up at my bare ass from between his legs.
I jumped up, pulling my skirt down to its original resting place and walked towards the door.
"I'm sorry buddy, I didn't think you'd get all flustered on me. You're to grab the locker now and leave it under the bed. You've got a big week of chores ahead so you'll need your sleep," I commanded, opening the door for him, his mouth hanging open.
"Quickly," I snapped while stamping firmly. My heeled foot was down. For good.