"I dodged a bullet back there." Piper Cherry frowned.
"I really need to be more careful what I do around some of these students. If I hadn't been so distracted by watching Mace on my security camera I'd never have let my guard down like that. That boy is sooo going to get his ass kicked. It was like either he knew I was watching him or was hoping I would. I just don't get it, I'm his fucking Aunt, not some random hottie to chase after. I should just send his ass home to Rex and Mona. It's been nice having him around but he's just trying too hard around me. Not only that, now he's getting laid in my house. My bed for God's sake."
Sighing heavily as she weaves in traffic on her way home Piper Cherry just didn't know how best to handle her nephew. He was awesome company and their bond was always good over the years but now that he was a man he was...well...a man. Seeing his cock over her security camera fucking cheerleader Tina Wiles and destroying the poor girls sanity had left an unexpected impression on Piper. Big cocks and stamina always did have that effect on her hormones. Sadly, his ability reminded her of the one person she was trying her best to forget, her ex-husband and convicted killer Davon Liberty.
Missing Davon didn't help. As hard as it was moving on it was for the best. There was no future in Atlanta after her name was tarnished. Luckily the new friends she made in moving to Nashville had kept her mind busy. Mace was a big help there too. A bit of home, a bit of new. Sending him back to Atlanta was going to crush her.
"I just can't do it. I need Mace for awhile longer until I get established more. His company is just what I need. He and Rotten. Maybe I should just not admit to knowing what he did. See if he fesses up, and explains why he's being a little shit. He's been bugging me about being myself so maybe I should just risk it. He's right he has seen me naked it's nothing new, but it was only when catching me off guard. He being family it feels...wrong. I could care less if strangers saw me...that's rather fun, but Mace? If his mom found out I was running around nude she'd punch me. If his dad saw me nude he'd try and get some." She had to laugh and roll her eyes, "Rex is more of a dog than Rotten is. Maybe that's why Mace is who he is. Belmont DNA is a curse."
"Fine! It's settled, I'll keep my temper out of this and act as if I saw nothing. Let's just go home, relax, take a deep breath, and...be me. God! His dick's never going to go down. I'm screwed and I'm not even enjoying it. Who am I kidding? Watching the little shit was pretty entertaining. Hell if I don't get after him over it, I guess I can't get after Tina either. This is going to get out of hand I just know it. I'll just go home and think about my date with Roger Dundee on Saturday. Oooo! I wonder if I still have that pirate bikini? I don't recall seeing it when I unpacked but I did just clump the fifty bikini's I own in one drawer. I bet Roger would run those flags up his crows nest. It's going to be nice boating again it's been forever. Even if it is a houseboat." Her mind envisioning a skull and crossbones bikini bra waving in the wind made her giddy. Her bikini bottoms as Roger's eye patch even more amusing.
"I just have to get through the rest of the week. Friday is going to be hectic. I really should have another cheerleading practice before game time but dammit I'm too new to this Counselling gig, dealing with Detention, teasing everyone, suffering through Mace, I'm stressed. God! I sooo wanted my body massage today in Detention. Hopefully tomorrow. Shit! So much for that I bet Roman is holding a last minute practice. Aw well! Question is how long can I keep letting those guys touch me like that and they not take advantage of it? I mean I guess I took advantage of them too. I did let them all jack off in front of me. Not my smartest move ever. Doing that encouraged them to do more. I mean...I can tolerate more of the same but if they try and go further..." She shivers at the thought, "FUCK ME! I know I'd let them. Why am I turning myself on when I know I have to face the Mace? Oh, yeah that helped...now I'm visualizing his pecker like a bludgeoning weapon. DAMMIT!!"
Reaching her housing division Piper pulled into her drive and sparked her garage door into opening. Driving inside she shut the SUV off and sat there for a minute, eyes closed, head hanging low. Releasing her white knuckle grip over her steering wheel she heard her belly growl.
"I'm freaking starving. Ooooo! I have cantaloupe still. I hope they're still good they've been in my crisper a week now. I totally forgot I had them. Piggly Wiggly was a blast I need to go back there and grab a few things. Maybe I'll just call Jesse Manley and have him shop for me. I did tell him I'd send him to Vicky's Secret for a bunch of new panties. Of course I'm not wearing many of those these days. No Jiggly Wiggly for Jesse right now, just Piggly Wiggly."
Removing her sunglasses and stashing them in a visor compartment she hit her garage door closing it down before stepping out of her Ford Edge. Once out she closes the door and makes her way inside her home. Meeting her enthusiastically her dog Rotten tried jumping on her. Catching his front paws she danced with him and leaned forward to pucker as if kissing the pup, turning her cheek at the last second to avoid slobber. Calming Rotten she closed the inside door and noticed her dryer tumbling clothes.
"Wonder if Mace washed my bedding again? I bet he blames this on Rotten." Stopping the dryer she opens it and realizes it's actually his clothes. "Hmmm? He must not have changed my sheets then because he wouldn't have had time to wash, dry and put them back on the bed before I got home. Great! That means I sleep with Tina and play dumb. Fuck you Mace."
Moving into the house she tosses her keys into a bowl on her coffee table and looks around. "His trucks out front. He must have gone upstairs to his room and took a nap. Probably a good thing, I can still use a little more time to cool off. I really want to make his life hell. Don't I?" She fidgeted then threw her purse on the sofa. "Melon time."
In saying that she recalled student Toby Mellon sucking her toes. "Fuck Me! Not now, not when I'm needy. If I don't get a massage tomorrow I'm going to cry. Maybe I can get Roger to give me a short one before classes. Hell, right now I'd let Dewey or Kevin do it. I hope I didn't embarrass Mimi too badly setting her on Wolfman Jack's lap." She referred to the overly hairy Dewey Knowles. "Although she seemed fine when I teased Kevin and she joined in. Maybe Squeaky is ready to step it up. Oooo! I could ask her to come to the football game and wear a Swallower shirt. Maybe even Josie."
Going to her fridge she opens her crisper and plucks out a still surviving cantaloupe. Moving to the counter for a knife from her cutlery set, then a platter to cut the melon on she began performing surgery. Seeding it she sprinkled the melon lightly with salt and grabbed a fork to eat it with. Hauling her meal to her dining room she sat down and kicked her heels off under the table. "Much better. Yoohoo Mister Mellon?" She giggled, "Bring Antoine."
If she only knew that just last night her toe lovers were only a block from her house at the Herbert's, she might rethink her options. If Mace could have cheerleaders over, she could have guests as well.
"If Mace wasn't staying here I'd consider inviting a couple of my Detainee's over and get down hot and heavy. Why should I not have fun at home as much as at school? I mean it's interesting to see how far I can push boundaries. Nobody's ruined my day over too much info. Of course today was only my third day at Horton-Dexter."
Sharing a bite of cantaloupe with Rotten right from her fork she continued in thought. "What do I technically have to lose? It's not like I really even need the job, I'm set for life thanks to Davon. Blood money sadly, but I deserve it after being there for him. I'm only doing this Counselling gig to get some use out of my degrees. At least my folks can't say I'm slumming it. Ugh! I need wine. Lots and lots of wine." She gets up from the table and goes back into the kitchen and grabs an already opened bottle from the fridge. Starting for a glass she looks at the bottle and shrugs, "Why dirty a glass."
Returning to the dining room she finishes her cantaloupe and swigs from the bottle of Rose. Interesting combo but satisfying. "This peace and quiet is annoying. Go put on some jams Handsome." She talks to Rotten sitting at her feet. "Sure Three Dog Night works." Watching him lick his chops she winces, "Mace feed you today?"
Eying her melon she cuts up the remainder into chucks and just sits her plate on the floor for him. Polishing it off in seconds she pitches the outer shell into the garbage and rinses her plate and fork off in the sink. Back to the wine and to grab her heels she relocates to her bedroom just long enough to put her heels away and eye her bed. "Stains. Go figure. Fuck you Mace. Why are you even acting up like this?"
Ignoring it she shuffles out to the living room and plops down on her sofa stretching out to drink her wine and wiggle her toes. Boredom was killing her, "Oh yeah, jams. Seeing as my DJ just went and laid down." Standing again she turns her stereo on and selects a few songs via Spotify to fit her current mood. Nothing too hardcore this round she settled on John Legend, starting with P.D.A. an intimate love song. She figured the music might wake Mace up and he'd come down so she could crush his spirit. Nothing! Was he even home? Maybe he went for a run. Turning the volume up in hopes to rile him with his bedroom right above her bedroom. "What am I doing?" She listens to the lyrics saying, "Let's make love." and shivers unexpectedly. "Ugggggh!" She stops the song and abandons John for something else.
Christina Aguilera's Dirrty played awhile but that was only turning her on even more. "Wine!" A breakaway excuse to alter her thoughts she tipped the bottle and guzzled. Dancing with Christina until she got too aroused she shut her girl down and fanned herself. "This is ridiculous. Why are my hormones on nitrous? I need to go take a cold shower and finish off this bottle. Maybe even take a couple muscle relaxers to shut me down until morning. If I do, that would at least keep me from yelling at Mace. Once I get past tomorrow I'll be over his stupidity. His hiding out upstairs, or wherever he is, is saving us both a lot of aggravation."
Bottle in hand Piper leaves the music playing with Nicki Minaj's Anaconda just relenting to a sensual playlist. Music fueling through her house via speakers in every room as the designers of the home had built in, she walked into her bedroom and untied the only strap her orange dress had on it from her neck and slithered it down over her body as she danced in step. Bottle in hand she swigs her wine as the dress softly fluttered to her toes. Peering down at Rotten on his bed looking at her she said, "You...turn the other way." He merely dropped his head to his paws and glared up over his brow. "Okay fine, just no wolf calls." Leaving her dress on the carpet she and her bottle took it to the bathroom and she ignited her shower leaving it warm up. "If I go cold I'll be awake all night."
Letting the water warm up she stepped to her medicine cabinet and found a bottle of Diazepam. Popping two of them just to let her sleep better later she chased it with Rose. Half of her three quarter full bottle was already down the hatch. "Gonna sleep like a booby...baby too." She got goofy giggling at herself.
Bottle left on her sink she tiptoed back to her shower and tested her water temperature, "Perfecto! Maybe I'll relax more now that I've invited Viagra and Niagara to party with me." She entered the cascade of warm adoring rain and cleansed herself of her day. A quick soap down with her treasured luffa she finished things off by washing her hair, then shaving her pubic region until it left only a very fine landing strip. Once done she eyed her shower wand with an almost seductive gaze. "Hello Mr. Viagra, come on down here and take my stress away." Reaching up to unhook the wand from its cradle she dialed a transfer request between showerheads and set it for pleasure mode.
Lowering it between her legs she taunted her clitoris with the spray sending valuable sensations coursing through her body. Back against the shower wall she arched her spine before bringing fingers into play. Joining forces with Mister Viagra and Miss Niagara she found a pleasant union, a threesome if you will. Moaning above even the music of Hands to Myself by Selena Gomez. A fitting song that brought her to a squealing climax.
"God I needed that. Bless you my lovers." She sighed and trembled. As the water chilled she said, "Ohhh no! Not waking up Sleeping Booty." She quickly found the energy to shut the water off and drop her wand leaving it dangling like a gone limp cock. Holding her shower wall until her body caught up with her she huffed her cheeks and looked through her glass door. On the other side sat Rotten watching her.
"HEY! What did I say about chasing cats up a tree? Go find another pussy." She was only having fun, definitely not into bestiality. He had no idea what she was saying anyway. Opening the door Rotten began licking the built up water on the shower floor. "Move it Wet Willy." She nudged him back with her toes so that she could step out. In doing so Rotten lapped her calf with his tongue to collect more droplets. "Stop that." Brushing him aside to shut the shower door she had to push him away twice more from licking her toes. Sadly, the sensations brought her mind back to Toby and Antoine sucking her toes. "Dammit Rotten! You just had to bring back my missed massage. Go lay down." He pouted and slowly pranced out of the bathroom but remained in the doorway to watch her dry off with a big blue towel.
Music now playing Ciara's Love Sex Magic, Piper sang along with the tune while drying her hair. Blow drying it so she didn't sleep with wet hair later she finished off her bottle of wine. Between the wine and muscle relaxers she was feeling pretty good.
"God! It's only 6:30." A glance at her cell informed her. Hearing noises other than the music she winced. "Mace?" Uncertain she chose a new favorite spy game and opened her security camera feed as she had earlier from school. As the scene unfolded she first captured her bed and realized it had been stripped. "What the heck? Maybe I don't have to sleep with Tina."
Switching feeds to the living room she found Mace folding his laundry on the sectional. Music moving from one song to another she heard the washing machine. "Wonder what possessed him to wash my bedding again?" She ponders rolling deodorant under her pits. "I guess I break out another set of sheets or I can't go to bed." Finishing up in the bathroom she moves back into her bedroom and plays coy, easing to her opened doorway she leans around the corner without getting dressed. He could only see her right shoulder anyway.
"Puppy pee on the bed again?"
"Guess so." Mace looked up folding a t-shirt, he wasn't certain if she had seen he and Tina so kept quiet.
"You actually fold your clothes? What guy does that these days?"
"Mom taught us to do it. I don't always but felt like it this time. Can I change the music?"
"Noooo! I like my girls."
"Lezbo." He chuckled.
"Be nice. They're human too."
"Hope you don't mind my stripping your bed while you were in the shower. I didn't look in."
Sighing she fidgets looking at him, "You're right. I'm being silly this being my own home. I'm going to take your advice and be myself more. Baby steps though." She abandons the doorway and goes to her underwear drawer and selects a thin black G-string. Slipping it on she then walked across her room to her walk-in closet finding a black cut off t-shirt with the words, "Once you Wear Black, You don't leave it on the Rack." Strange, but devious to the dirtiest of minds.
Her tits lifting the material high her lower mounds were peeking out from under it. Dressed enough she made a reappearance and took her empty wine bottle to the recycling can in the pantry. Walking in front of Mace without looking to see his reaction on her way through she merely held her breath. "No nerves. Just let it ride." Visions of riding a big cock just had to pop into her thoughts, every little word prompting something sexual, "Let it go." Too late trying to change that image. "FUCK ME!" There it was! Her favorite ventilation code.
Grabbing another chilled bottle of Rose from the fridge she broke it open and carried it with her back into the living room and kept her bitterness from showing. Leaning on the back of the sofa behind him she danced with Britney Spear's Baby One More Time. Her ass was bobbing from side to side where he couldn't see it. Playfully she nudged the back of his scalp.
"Quit giving me head." He chuckled.
"Oh my God! I can't believe you said that to me. You're such a little shit." She did it a second time, "I'm such a whore." Laughing together he turns sideways to face her.
"So what's these errands you want me to run Friday?"
Standing erect behind him she pauses him with a finger to take a swig of wine from her fresh bottle. In tilting back her t-shirt lifted a bit more to express her beautiful burdens without revealing nipples. Once she lowers the bottle and swallows her drink she pinches her shirt with her free hand and tugs it outward, he could see even more definition. "I ordered some new uniforms for the cheerleaders, t-shirts actually, we're going slutty at Friday's football game."
"Sooo? Friday Night Headlights?" He laughed mocking the movie Friday Night Lights.
"Yep! Varsity Balloons. Fanny Given Sunday. Remember My TITanS. "She added to the goofiness. "Gripiron Gang?" That was all she had.
"All the Right Moves? All American!" He gave simple movie ideas.
"Let's just hope I don't get banned from the game for promoting too much skin." She frowned and danced around behind the sofa to more Britney Spear's, this round her song OOPS!...I Did It Again. This time however she moved out further so Mace could see her ultra tight ass shaking with her arms in the air, bottle high. Mace Belmont dropped his jaw. His Aunt was opening up more just like she said. Nice!
Her muscle relaxers were kicking in good and strong now, her body felt alive, warm and in tune with peaceful grace. Booze helped. As her song ended she came down from her mesmerizing high and fanned her face. "It's getting warm in here. Open the French door." She motioned Mace, who rolled to his feet and opened it for fresh air.
"Much better. Oooo! A breeze even." She pranced over to the door and hugged Mace from behind chin on his shoulder, her bottle draped in front of his bare chest. The chill of the bottle made him grit his teeth and shake. "I'm hot, you're cold." She giggled.
"Are you drunk?" He winced.
"TITsy bitch...bit!" More giggles, "I took some muscle thingies too."
"Great! You're gonna pass out on me aren't you?" As if on cue the song Body on Me by Rita Ora began playing.
"I loooooooooove this song." She swayed her body on his, her tits dragging along his back without even considering what she was doing. His sweat pants were like every day, rising to attention. He wasn't going to suggest his Aunt stop. NO FUCKING WAY! "Cable...cable guy is coming..." She heard herself and giggled, "...a lot."
"Yep! You're drunk." He rubbed her arm and tried to take the bottle from her just to act concerned, he had no intention of slowing her intake.
"My Rosey." She kept it away from him which became a wrestling match. Turning to face Piper he gave chase of her arm as she hid the bottle behind her back. "You're not 21 yet. No boobs...booze for you." He laughed at her slur. "My canTINA." She let off steam using Tina Wiles first name as if a clue. It went right over Mace's head.
Rubbing chest to chest he attempted to grab her bottle by reaching around her. In doing so she got a serious case of the giggles and swatted his cloth covered erection like a fly, "Go away!" She huffed laughing. Having felt her hand on his cock even innocently it grew even larger. "Shoo fly!" A second swat she watched his dick wag.
"What are you doing?"
"Getting rid of a pest."
"You...think I'm being...a pest?" He went dramatic, acting sad and hurt. Trying to walk away from her she snatched up his wrist.
"Noooooo! That's not what I meant. You know Auntie Piper loves you."
"Maybe I should go home."
"DON'T YOU EVER...say that." She begins her own pouting session. "I need you."
"Need me?"
"Yes." Her head was spinning, he had to catch her from stumbling backwards, dragging her to his body faster than he planned. In his brusque clutches she opened her mouth with a hint of awe. He thought she might kiss him for a second, but then came a vivid yawn. "FUCK ME!" She expelled, "We dance divinely...the room and I."
"Shit!" He reacted as her body was becoming heavier. She was on the verge of blacking out but fought against it. In their unexpected waltz he stepped on her toes making her yelp. "Sorry! I'm not a great dancer."
"You hurt my toesies." She giggled, "Kiss the booboo."
He guided her carefully to the sectional and sat her down, taking the wine bottle from her grasp and resting it on the coffee table. Collapsing back on the sofa her shirt flipped over her tits and were in total view. Mace had to grit his teeth. Best tits ever. As he stared she lifted her foot toward him and raised her voice. "BOOBOO!"
"You really want me to kiss your toes?"
"BOOOOOBOOOOOB!" She laughed closing her eyes, and falling silent.
"You're gone." He sighed. Just as he sat down by her legs dragging his clean laundry out from under her ass and relocating them to the floor, she brought her foot directly up to his face.
"Boo!" Toes smeared his lips as he winced. Rolling his eyes he just grabbed her foot with both hands and kissed her toes. The second his lips closed even slightly around her little toe she moaned. Eyes bulging Mace kissed them again, this time she began rolling her hands over her belly moving toward her G-string.
"No way!" He watched her fingers creeping lower. Just as she reached her patch she stopped.
"I need a massage."
"FUCK ME!" Mace beat her to it. He had been around her too long. "I...guess I can do that."
Reclaiming her foot she rolled away, falling between the sofa and her coffee table, before finding her hands and knees on the carpet. It was then Piper began crawling on all fours. Aimless due to confusion she mumbled, "I can't find my massage table. Did I leave it in my car?"
"Holy fuck!" Mace thought to himself, "I've never seen her this drunk."
Rotten, being Rotten walked in with her earlier discarded orange dress in his mouth. Taking it from him the dog licked her cheek and she ended up kissing his nose. "Find my massage table Boy." Teetering Mace rushed to her side as she dabbed her dress all over his mouth to avoid his slobber. Nudging Rotten back Piper pouted, "Hey! We were bonding."
"So were we Aunt Piper. Time to put you to bed." He told her with concern, yet he didn't bother helping her to her feet. Hearing the washer die he rolled his eyes, "Her bedding is still wet. I'll just cover her up with a blanket." As if coaxing Rotten to follow him he motioned Piper toward her bedroom, "Come on it's beddy by time."
"Massage!" She huffed slowly making her way to her bed on all fours. Mace had to push Rotten away from her for getting to close for comfort with sniffing around Piper's bottom. Once she reached her bed she fell flat on the carpet. Shutting Rotten out of her room by closing the door, Mace admired his Aunt's perfect body from behind. Her G-string almost made it look as if no underwear at all, her t-shirt rolled up to her shoulders her entire back exposed. Staring too long she informed him with an exasperating exhale, "MASSAGE IN A BOTTLE!" Her outburst made him jump.
"I'll put a note in that bottle for you saying My Nephew is the best and leave it floating in your bath tub." He chuckled.
Being a man he rubbed his cock even though it was undercover. Finding sympathy he stopped palming his concealed crown and set about trying to pick her up from the floor. Dragging her upper body to him he sat her up against the mattress then repositioned straddling her hips to enable a better leverage in hoisting her up on to her bed. Readying his legs to embrace her weight he leaned in a little bit too close to her and his tented erection brushed against her face. Ignoring the collision even as she subconsciously swatted that really big fly, Mace managed to get her up to where he could sit her on the mattress. Once upright he let her go and she fell back bringing him along for the ride.
"Oh shit!" He was laying right on top of her missionary position, her knees rising around his hips, his face nuzzled into her neckline. "Sorry Aunt Piper." He peeled off of her and her hand rose to offer a dull plea.
"I want my massage."
"Uhhhh? Okay." He grabbed her ankles and drug her deeper into her king size mattress as if she were technically in sleep position. Falling to her side he sat there looking at the ceiling. Right at her camera. "We meet again." He smirked to himself.
"Hurry up..." She slurred, "...you little SHIaTsu."
"Shiatsu?" He laughed. "You really want me to massage you?"
"BOOBOOB!" Her feet rose and fell repeatedly. She expected him to dive in feet first. Stressed a bit over this event Mace heard the song playing and absorbed the lyrics. The song was Meli'sa Morgan's Do Me Baby. Slow, sensual, and very stimulating. As Piper deciphered the words herself the two of them shared a moment of venting stress.
"FUCK ME!"
If looks could chill.
"Massage me body boy...booty boy...BUDDY BOY!" She couldn't get it right.
He tried not to Aunt...PANT!