First part of a newer story I've been working on. Hopefully you enjoy. Comments/suggestions always welcome!
*****************************
I hear my iPhone start to buzz beside my bed and I know it's time to wake up. It's week two of college and I'm still struggling to get into the routine. High school was so much easier, the same schedule every day. Now every day was different and I continued to struggle to get into any kind of rhythm. My hand slides out from under the blanket and reaches for my phone, turning off the alarm. I quickly check my e-mails. No message from V.
V, short for Victoria, is my girlfriend. I miss her. We haven't seen each other in a few weeks. We ended up going to two different colleges, and now we have a long distance relationship. I love V, but she is also my best friend, and the best fuck I have ever hard. Whenever we are together it's hard for us to keep our hands off each other. V is 5'8", short black hair, deep green eyes, and a cheerleader, meaning she has a great athletic body. I love her, all of her. Compared to me she is definitely the "dominant" one. I'm only 5'3", long blonde, light blue eyes and played a few sports here and there but over all am skinnier than most, but not too skinny if that makes any sense.
It's been a few days since V and I have spoken. The strain in our relationship is palpable. I lay in bed, phone in my hand just thinking about that to do next. I open imessage and send her a quick note "V, I love you"... and wait. Five, then ten minutes go by with no response. V or no V I had to get up and get ready for class.
I slide out of bed trying not to wake my roommate, Mary, 6' Irish redhead with a great volleyball body and freckles. So far we have gotten along fine, but aren't exactly friends either. My wool socks touch the floor as the legs of my loose grey sweatpants fall down to my ankles. I stand up and pull my tank top down.
Our room is a standard dorm room, two beds either side, a dresser and closet for each of us, and two desks side by side right in front of a window facing out towards the school. Everything is browns, and greys as per usual. It was what it was.
I grabbed my towel, bathrobe and toiletries and sneak out of the room, down the hallway and into the communal bathroom. To my surprise no one is there, so I have my pick of the showers, obviously I choose the one against the wall for some extra privacy. I hang up my towel and robe and hop into the shower, de-robing there so others couldn't see me. I'm a little shy when it comes to things like this. I don't dress overly provocative, I don't like to show off. The only time I open up a little is when I'm with V.
The water starts to run over my body as I wake up and my mind starts thinking about school, V and everything else that has been going on. I wish V were here so I could talk to her. Most of all I wish V would send me a message, just something so that I knew what she was thinking, and what was going on with us.
I hear some other girls from the floor come in and out of the bathroom as I take my time in the shower. Fifteen minutes has passed so I turn off the water, grab my towel from the hook dry myself, and finally wrap the towel around my head to dry my hair. I throw on my robe, grab my clothes and toiletries and head back to my room. Mary is awake now lying on her bed, still under the covers, looking at her phone.
"Goodmorning Mary"
"Hey Steph"
I smile back.
The problem with a shared dorm room is there is no real privacy, and that means changing is a bit of a challenge. There really isn't anything you can do except try to cover yourself somehow, or just get changed with your back turned.
I head to my dresser and grab a pair of lace boy short panties and slide them on while still in my robe. Step one complete. I then grab a pair of dark skinny jeans and slide them on. Step two complete. My hand finds a plain white bra in the back of my drawer and I pull it out, turning my back to Mary I slide my robe off, put my bra on and reach back to hook the clasps. Phew, done.
It's twenty minutes until class so I have to hurry. Finding an old slightly faded black t-shirt I throw it over my head, slide on a pair of blue flip flops, I grab my phone and my books.
"See you later Mary" I saw as I walk out the door and close it behind me.
Class is boring of course. Math is just not something I'm that interested in, but I have to pass it. The problem is my mind keeps going back to V, and the lack of messages, the lack of communication. I slide back in my chair, trying to pay attention. My mind racing between numbers and V, her eyes, her body, her friendship.
I feel a buzz in my pocket. I reach in and pull out my phone, and there in the notification bar are the words "New e-mail". Using your phone in class is forbidden. I slide it back into my pocket. Not sure what to do. I just know that the e-mail is from V, I could feel it. If it was a different class I would leave right now to read it, but I couldn't afford to leave this class. My mind was racing, I wasn't even paying attention anymore. I could hear the phone burning a hole in my pocket, yelling out at me to look at the message. "Fuck it!" I say to myself, I grab my books and get up to leave. The professors eyes stare at my. "I'm sorry, not feeling well" I saw quietly as I walk past the other students in class. My pocket feels like it's on fire. Whatever she wrote I need to know what it is and I need to know now. I push my way through the class room doors and sit down on a bench in the hallway. My books slam on the metal bench beside me as my hand reaches in to my pocket and pulls out my phone.
"Steph,
I miss you so much! I'm sorry I haven't sent you any messages lately.
I've been feeling so alone if I'm being honest. I wish we were closer together. I really want to see you, to touch you. And I think feeling alone has made me pull away from you more than I ever wanted too.
Hopefully we can find out some way to fix this, to feel closer even if we can't actually be closer.
I miss you.
V.
PS. Also, I'm horny as fuck! Lol"
I can feel a smile grow on my face. To be honest I thought maybe V was liking her space, and maybe even liking being away from me. Reading this though, it made me feel more connected to her then ever before. And I love it, and love her, even more.
And if I'm being really honest, I'm horny as fuck too.
I open imessage and send V a note:
"V I read your e-mail and I love you. We will figure this out... oh, and I'm horny as fuck too ;)"
I pick up my stuff from beside me and start walking back to my room thinking about what could be done to fix our situation. How could we feel closer together, even though we couldn't be?
--------------------
A week has gone by and things are getting better. V and I are talking more and everything is just feeling "right" again. Once or twice when Mary was out V and I would have a little "alone time". It is great, but still lacked a little something.
When V and I were still living close together we could really get into it when we were both turned on enough. Even though I am shy, when I'm horny I start to get more and more relaxed. We never did anything too crazy, but there were definitely occasions of us making out in public, a little grabbing here and there. I can remember how amazing her ass felt in those black leggings she always wore.
One time we were out for a quick coffee and sitting side by side, really feeling it, I felt her hand land on my thigh. I remember feeling my heart start to beat faster and faster as her hand continued up my leg. Eventually she reached the top of my jeans and ended up slipping her hand inside. She started to rub my clit right there in public. I was so horny. She was whispering into my ear how much she wanted to fuck me right there in front of everyone. The more she talked, the more turned on I got. Of course we didn't do that, but just the thought of it, and the actions, and the people, and V, and everything made the moment amazing.
That's what we are missing still. While it's great that we are talking more, and have been able to have some kind of sex life, what we really need is that little extra something that we had before.
I told V how I felt. We messaged and e-mailed back and forth. She was feeling the same, but wasn't sure how to fix it. We were so far from each other. But the more we talked about it, the more turned on we got and the more turned on we got, the more things got heated, and through all of this we started to figure out what we were going to do.
As I said, V was the more dominant in our relationship, and I love it. I love her taking charge and pushing me a little further then I am comfortable with. It always makes me more turned on and want more. And that is the basis of our plan, she tells me what to do, and I do it. I love her dominant nature, and we both love our little online alone time, we just needed to put the two together and start to have some real fun. We both feel it would bring us closer together even though we were far apart. Something that we could both enjoy just between us.
V and I talked that night and we were both so excited for our new little game. I could tell by the tone in her voice that she was turned on and probably had some fun ideas, and I knew I was turned on by how wet I was. We fell asleep talking to each other, but agreeing that the next day the games would begin.
********************************
I wake up the next morning and groggily open my eyes. I look across the room to see that Mary is already gone for the day. Anytime I have the room to myself it is nice since there is so little privacy here. My hand reached over to my table and grabbed my phone. V and I set up a new messaging group in WhatsApp in order to keep our little game separate from everything else. The group is simply called "The Game". I open the group and noticed I had a message from V:
V: "Good morning beautiful"
I smiled as I began to type back "good morning!"
I layed in bed and looked through Instagram and checked my e-mail until I saw another message popup from V. I opened it with anticipation.
V: "Are you ready to play?"
Me: "Of course :)"
The anticipation is killing me. I was getting so excited just waiting for something to come through.
V: "Show me what you're wearing"
Well that is simple enough. I pull down my covers to expose myself. Bright pink wool socks that V bought me, grey cotton shorts, and an old white t-shirt. I position my phone and take a picture of myself while laying down and send it to V.
V: "Nice socks lol"
I smiled while I waited for her to send me another message.
V: "Show me that stomach I love so much"
I reposition my phone and pulled up my t-shirt to just under my breasts. I lift my left knee and take a picture downwards showing my flat stomach as it meets the waistband of my shorts. I send it over to V, waiting again.
V: "Mmmmm I love your stomach baby"
V: "I wish I wasn't in class so I could get a little dirty ;)"
I can't believe it! V is in class sending me these messages and looking at the pictures I'm sending? Just the thought of what she is doing turns me on. Before I even have a chance to respond there is another message.
V: "Pull your shorts down and show me the pussy I love to taste."
It takes me about two seconds to do it, I am so ready. I hook my thumbs under the waistband and slide my shorts down under my ass and down to my knees. I lift my phone to take a picture, and just as I am about too I hear keys in the door. Mary was back.
I dropped my phone beside me, and pull up my covers as quickly as I can to cover myself. I was so close to being caught, and I did not want that to happen. Mary and I had to share this room for the rest of the year, there was no way I wanted to ruin that already.
"Hi Mary" I say, pretending I was just waking up.
"Hey Steph... sorry did I wake you?" Mary replied sounding genuinely concerned.
"Oh no, I woke up a few mins ago, just trying to get up."
I grab my phone from beside me and write back to V.
Me: "OMG, my roommate just came back! I almost got caught!"
V: "But you didn't?"
Me: "Thank god no, almost though"
V: "I'm so horny baby... I thought the rules were you did whatever I asked."
Me: "I did?"
V: "I didn't get a picture of your pussy"
Me: "Oh, I was just about too but then Mary came back"
V: "So?"
The way V was talking to me was different then usual. More direct, more demanding. It surprised me, but at the sametime I could feel myself getting more excited. The thought of V taking control, like I said pushing me just that little bit further then I would normally go, turned me on like nothing else. And the thought of getting caught... wow, I didn't know I would like that so much. I was getting more turned on every second as the thoughts ran through my head.
Me: "So? Well I can't do it now, sorry :("
V: "Sure you can baby... I want my picture... and I know you want to please me...;)"
Me: "Fuck V... seriously?..."
Thoughts are running through my head. How would I do this? Mary was right there on the other side of the room. How could I take a picture without her seeing? And I have to pull my covers down too. If I do this I was almost certainly going to get caught.
V: "I know you're turned on by this Steph... Just do it... I need to see..."
Mary got up off her bed and walked over to her closet and started to look through it.
Me: "Fine, Mary is looking in her closet... I'll try to do it now..."
I get the camera app ready, put my finger on the camera button and take a deep breath. My eyes are on Mary, making sure she is turned around and not paying attention. My left hand pushes the covers down to expose my pussy while keeping a hard grip on the blanket. My right hand lifts my phone and I quickly take a picture. In the same motion I drop my phone and pulled my covers back up covering myself before Mary turns back around. My heart is beating through my chest, I think I am sweating a little, and I realize my pussy is soaking wet.
I opened Whatsapp and send the picture to V.
V: "Wow... there's the pussy I love :) How did it go..."
Me: "OMG, it was so stressful. Mary was turned the other way and I just quickly pulled the covers down, took a picture and then pulled them back up before she turned around again"
V: "Good girl... my girl. Did you like doing it? Tell me the truth"
Me: "V! You know me too well. I loved it... Well maybe love is too strong? But it turned me on for sure!"
V: "See! Next time just listen to me. I know you Steph, I know what you like, and I know what turns you on. You like being pushed a little"
Me: "Ya ya."
V: "Soooo, next one?"
Me: "Already!?"
V: "This is a simple one, I promise! Lol"
Me: "Fine! Lol"
V: "Send me a picture of Mary"
Me: "What?! Why?"
V: "I want to know who my competition is lol"
Me: "You have no competition! You know that... but fine!"
I pull my shorts backup and slide the covers off and sit at the end of the bed. Mary is back at her closet and dresser so her back is too me. My eyes run up and down her body taking in her athletic shape. I take out my phone and take a picture. She is wearing black leggings, black nike running shoes and a blue school hoodie that comes down just past her ass. I am still turned on, and I wanted to make V happy, so I ask Mary a question and she turns around. As nonchalantly as possible I snap a quick but awkwardly angled picture of her from the front, her red hair, her fair complexion, her freckles. I don't think she noticed. We end up chatting for a second so it isn't obvious that I just wanted her picture to send to me horny girlfriend. Eventually I open the app and send V the pictures and waited.
V: "Wow! She is sexy. Maybe I do have competition? ;)"
Me: "She's not as sexy as you!"
V: "Ya ya... but do you find her sexy?"
Me: "I mean ya, I guess."
V: "Well good to know! lol"
Me: "Hey baby, I have class soon, I need to go get ready."
V: "OK Steph. That was a lot of fun!"
Me: "I loved it! I can't wait for the next one! :)"
V: "I'll come up with something good for next time, lol"
We signed off and my mind relaxed a little. The whole experience was amazing, but stressful. I loved it and hated it at the sametime. I got out of bed, grabbing my toiletries, robe and towel I head out of my room and towards the washroom. I got into the shower and started my regular shower routing, I let the warm water wash over me, my mind going back to what just happened. Getting directions, sending pictures to V, almost getting caught by Mary. Put it all together and I was dripping wet. My hand slide down my body and start to play with my clit. My eyes closed and I moaned softly making sure no one else could hear me over the rush of the water. Visions of V raced through my mind. Her hands all over my body, her mouth on my pussy, her fingers fucking me. I loved V so much and I couldn't wait to see her again, and touch her and play with her. My legs shook as I cummed, grabbing the wall to not fall. As my mind fell back to reality I quickly peeked my head out of the curtain and checked to make sure no one saw or heard me. I walked back to my room feeling happy and relaxed and ready for the day. I don't know how often we will play our little "game", but so far I love it and I hope it isn't too long before we play again.
***********
The last few days have been rather tame as V and I were both busy with various things. V and I talked, but there were no messages in our little game chat. Part of me was starting to think that maybe, just maybe, V wasn't into it as much as I thought. My mind started to go back to thoughts of us drifting apart, not being on the same page. I know this is wrong, we love each other, but being separated is hard, and every once and awhile negative thoughts stream into my head.
I'm sitting in the main food hall rotating my stare between my textbook, my half eaten plate of salad and my phone. I keep waiting for a message from V. Almost everyday my mind goes back to those events and I think through what happened. I take a bite of my lunch and try to get back to reading and then I see it out of the corner of my eye... and message popup on my phone in "our" group.
V: "What are you wearing?"
Me: "Jeans, hoodie, flip flops"
V: "No words, just pictures :)"
I feel a smile come across my face. The feeling of excitement from last time is coming back. I pick up my phone. I'm nervous and excited all at the sametime. My hand is shaking a little bit. I open the camera app, looking around to make sure no one notices, hold the camera just under my chin and take a picture downwards so V can see as much of me as possible. I click send and the picture heads towards V.
V: "Where are you right now?"
Without even thinking I raise the phone and decide to take a little video, moving the phone around so V can see most of the food hall. I press send.
V: "What panties are you wearing... no words remember ;)"
I could feel my eyes grow while I read her message. No words? I don't understand what V expects me to do? Pull my pants down right here in front of everyone? At the sametime I have to admit I am feeling a little turned on by the idea. Pushing myself further than I'm comfortable with. But reality hits me hard and there is no way I can do that. I go to school here, I know people here, they will all see me.
Me: "V! There are people everywhere. There is no way I can do this!"
V: "You have to do what I say. That's the game. At least give me a peek! Plleeeaaasseeee ;)"
Me: "I hate you."
V: "You love me ;)"
The gears in my head start turning as I think about a way to do this. Just a peak V said, but how would I manage even that with all of these people around. A bead of sweat is slowly makes its way down my neck. The nervousness I'm feeling is both horrible and amazing. The anticipation is killing me.
V: "I'm waiting..."
Fuck. OK. Here's what I'm going to do. I'll undo my jeans button, and pull down the zipper under the table, and then pull the opening apart, move back from the table and take a quick picture, and then move back so I'm covered. How hard can it be, right? OK, good, I have a plan. My mind goes over it a few more times as my nervousness increases.
I put my phone down on the table beside my tray of food and slowly move my hands under the table on top my knees. I'm trying not to do anything to draw attention, but by going slowly and looking around I'm probably more noticable. I'm trying to be natural, but my heart is beating hard through my chest. My hands slide up my legs feeling the fabric of the jeans. I turn my head from side to side as if it's on a swivel making sure no one is looking. I can feel my pussy getting wet as my hands get closer. My fingers grab the edges near the button and pull, my jeans pop open. It seems like my whole body is shaking, the nervousness, the anticipation, it was getting hard to control. My right hand gently starts to pull my zipper down, slowly and carefully so I wouldn't make too much noise. It hits the bottom and I feel my heart pumping harder. Another bead of sweat slides down my neck into my shirt. If someone saw me right now they would know something was wrong. My hands grab the side of my chair as I lift the chair back with my legs pressed against the floor. Avoiding any loud noises is my main goal at this point. I inch backwards continually looking around for staring eyes. Finally I'm far enough out from the table to take a picture. Almost in one motion my right hand darts forward, grabs my phone, opens it, takes a picture, puts the phone back, and I slide back under the table. I let out a deep breath as I am finally relaxing a little. I send the picture to V.
V: "Very nice babe... I love that pair on you..."
V: "Now touch yourself for me. No questions."
My heart races again. My hands slip back under the table and start running up and down my legs. I'm so turned on, I'm getting so horny. I lick my lips. The anticipation is starting to take over. I slide back out from the table this time not worrying about noise. I want this so badly. Out of know where this desire has started to take over. The teasing from V has gotten to me. I love pleasing her. I love when she tells me what to do. My head turns from side to side again checking to make sure no one sees what I'm about to do. My hands slide down my legs again, up and down, up and down, my head looking around, eyes darting, anticipation growing, and then I do it. Left hand on pussy. Here I am touching myself in the school food hall where anyone could walk up and see, and I'm loving it. I can feel my fingers rubbing slowly over my clit through my panties. It's taking everything I have not to moan right now. My right hand grabs my phone and this time I take a video making sure V knows how much I'm loving this. The rubbing continues for what seems like an hour, but was probably only 30 seconds and I slide back under the table. My heart is still racing, but I'm so excited. I love it all. I send the video to V.
V: "OMFG Steph... that was so hot."
V: "The video was amazing..."
V: "I can't believe you actually did it!
V: "You loved it didn't you?"
I'm still breathing a little heavily as I read V's messages come through. Each one makes me smile as I can just imagine seeing her and how surprised she was. And I know she is turned on.
Me: "Yes babe, I loved it!"
Me: "Even more than I thought I would."
Me: "This is the best game ever, lol"
V: "mmmm I'm so fucking horny right now lol"
V: "I wish I didn't have to go to class!"
V: "And I wish you were here so you could get me off ;)"
Me: "You have no idea how horny I am."
Me: "Seriously"
Me: "I want to get off right now!"
V: "Well I think you deserve it!"
V: "Why don't you go back to your room and take care of that"
V: "And think of me while you do it ;)"
Me: "I think I'll take you up on that offer lol"
V: "Got to go babe! Love you!"
Me: "Wait..."
V: "Ya? I'm in a rush now!"
Me: "Don't stop..."
V: "Stop? What?"
Me: "Giving me tasks... I love them"
V: "Really? Lol"
Me: "ya... like a lot, lol"
Me: "They turn me on so much..."
Me: "I don't know why, but I love them, and the more you tell me to do, and the more you force me, the more I love them"
Me: "I understand if you don't want too though, if you find it too weird or whatever"
I am holding my breath as I wait for V to respond. I'm a little ashamed of what I just wrote, but it was the truth, and if I couldn't tell V who could I tell?
V: "Babe! Don't worry!"
V: "I love you, and I love that you love it"
V: "Trust me, I love it too!"
V: "We'll keep playing! Don't worry!"
V: "But I really have to go now! Don't want me to fail do you? Lol"
Me: "No! Go! Don't be late! And I love you too!"
My mind is racing as I'm sitting here. Horny to no end. Smiling. Excited. I move my hands under the table and realize I've been sitting there with my jeans undone. My fingers move to quickly pull up the zipper and re-clasp my button. I can feel my face is blushing, I can feel the wetness in my panties, and I can't wait to get back to my room and get off.
As I'm walking back to my room I can't stop thinking about what just happened, and how much I loved it. "Wow, what is happening to me" I mumble to myself as I walk past students. I'm so fucking horny I can't think straight. My steps start to speed up. I need to get to my room and get off. "Fuck" I say to myself. It's almost unbearable. I race up the stairs and open the door.
"Hey Steph" Mary says as I walk in.
FUCK. I see Mary sitting on her bed reading. Her eyes go back to her book, and my face shows a look of annoyance. What the fuck am I supposed to do now? Trying to act completely normal I walk into the room and put my stuff down on my desk and lay on the bed. I start to look through Instagram and Facebook as I lay there, not paying any attention to anything on the screen, blankly staring, but my mind is full of thoughts on how I can possibly get off with Mary here. Finally I've decided that the only way to do what I need to do is to go to have a shower. I have to do it quick though, I can't stand it anymore.
I get to the shower with all my stuff, open the curtain and jump in, strip, turn on the water and start to rub my pussy. I lift my left leg and put it up against the opposite wall and push back to support myself. A finger slides into my hole as I continue to rub myself. I moan softly. At this point I don't care if anyone hears me I am so horny. My mind is racing as I start talking to myself. "Mmmm you're so fucking horny...I don't think I've ever been this fucking hot" My breathing increases and I slide a second finger into my sopping hole. "I love being V's little toy, doing whatever she asks me to do". The fingers are pumping into me now, all the way to the last knuckles, I have never been this wet before. I furiously rub my clit. "Fuck I love this, all of this." In and out, in and out, I can feel the orgasm growing inside of me. "I want more, I need V to make me do more, I love this feeling, the feeling, of being told what to do, of almost being caught, of being risky." My moaning continues as I fuck myself harder. "FUCK!" I moan out loud cumming hard on my fingers. My eyes close as my head leans back against the tile of the shower, my breathing starts to calm down. I notice that my right hand is still down over my pussy, gently rubbing my clit, running up and down my slit, I lick my lips and bring my fingers up to my mouth and suck on them. I'm lost in my lust. Somehow, even after just getting off I'm still horny, I'm still thinking of V and what she might make me do next. And I'm loving every minute of it.
As I finish my shower, getting cleaned up, lathering with soap and shampoo I keep thinking about V, and our game. How much I love her, how much I love the high I get from doing what she says, how much I want her to push me further. I rinse myself off, towel off and throw on my robe. In the distance down the hall I can see Mary coming out of our room.
"Hey Mary! Going out?
"Hey Steph. Ya I'll be back late. Room is all yours!"
I see Mary walk the opposite way down the hall and right then I know that tonight V and I will have some alone time. I feel more free and relaxed about our relationship now then I have since we both got to school. And I know that tonight beyond the regular "playing" we will do I'm going to open up to her about how I feel about our games, and how I really want her to push me to where I know I want to be.