For most people they spend their Friday nights in one of three ways; at a bar with friends, on a date with a lover, or at work doing overtime. However in the case of 28-year-old Matthew Brown he was doing none of the three, instead, the young black man was at his apartment playing some video games in his living room.
"Yes, play of the game." Matthew said before hearing a knocking at his front door. "Huh, I wonder who could that be?"
Heading to the door, Matthew opened it to find that it was his next door neighbor Rebecca Perez. The 27-year-old Hispanic woman had long black hair tied in a ponytail, soft emerald eyes, and an olive skin toned voluptuous body. She was dressed in a gray tank (that showed off her buxom cleavage), dark blue skinny jeans, and black skater shoes.
"Hey Rebecca, what's up?" Matthew asked.
"Well I got a bottle of wine today after work and I was just wondering If you wanted to split it with me?"
"Sure, come on in."
With Rebecca entering Matthew's apartment, Rebecca sat at the couch while Matthew went to get two wine glasses.
"Here you go." Matthew said as he gave her one of the wine glasses.
"Thanks, I see you were playing some Overwatch."
"Yup just won play of the game." He said proudly.
"Speaking of games." Rebecca said. "How about we play a game of our own."
"What kind of game?"
"Truth or dare." Rebecca said with a smile on her face.
"You're on."
"Sweet, the rules are simple, after doing a truth or a dare you have to take a drink." Rebecca explained. "Got it?"
"Got it." Matthew answered.
"Okay well seeing how I came up with the idea you go first. Truth or dare?"
"I say truth."
"I'll give you an easy one." She said. "When was the first time you got drunk?"
"16, I was with one of my older cousins when he gave me a beer." Matthew said as he drank from his glass. "Truth or dare?"
"Truth."
"What is your favorite color?"
"Ha, a bit corny don't you think?" Rebecca said with a soft laugh. "It's Midnight Blue."
"Oh shit me too."
"I knew there was a reason why we hung out." Rebecca said as she took a drink from her glass.
As the game went on the two friends got more and more drunk with each of them revealing secrets about themselves that they have never told anyone before. By the time the bottle of wine was empty both Matthew and Rebecca were completely buzzed.
"Okay, truth or dare?" Rebecca asked.
"Dare." Matthew said.
"Yeah a dare." She said with excitement. "I dare you to go out on the balcony and moon the moon."
"Pfft, easy."
Walking over to his balcony, Matthew unbuckled his pants and flashed his butt to the moon outside.
"Ha, nice."
"You're turn." Matthew said as he sat back on the couch. "Truth or dare?"
"Dare." She said. "Bring it on."
"I dare you...to take off your top!"
"Challenge accepted."
Taking off her top, Rebecca revealed her DD breasts in front of Matthew.
"Whoa." Matthew said as his eyes were glued to Rebecca's chest.
"You perv." She laughed. "My eyes are up here, now truth or dare?"
"Truth."
"Do you like me?" Rebecca asked.
"Of course." Matthew said.
"Do you like like me?"
"Yes."
"Do you want to kiss me?"
"Yes."
As soon as Matthew answered Rebecca cupped her friend's face and began to kiss him on the lips. Feeling Rebecca's soft lips on his brought a euphoria of pleasure to him. When they departed from the kiss a smile broke out onto Matthew's face.
"You know, you just made me do three truths." Matthew said.
"I know."
"You know what this means right?" He asked.
"What?"
"You have to do three dares now."
"Sounds exciting." Rebecca said with a lustful smile.
"I dare you to take off your pants."
"Okay." She said taking off her pants.
"Now take off your shoes."
With Rebecca finally taking off her shoes, she was now officially naked in front of Matthew.
"And for the final dare, I want you to go outside. Just. Like. That."
Accepting the dare, both Rebecca and Matthew departed from Matthew's apartment and began to take the stairs down to the lobby.
"This is so crazy." Rebecca said. "Is it weird that I am getting excited by this?"
"No way, but before we head into the lobby I want to take a picture of you sitting on one of the steps." Matthew said as he pulled out his phone.
With Rebecca taking a seat she spread her legs and teased her nipples so Matthew could get a good view of her pussy and nipples.
"Perfect." Matthew said as he took a picture. "Let me have a look first at the lobby and then I'll tell you to come out."
"Got it."
Heading into the lobby, Matthew surprisingly found that it was completely empty.
"Hey Rebecca, come on out." Matthew said.
"I'm coming."
Out in the lobby, Rebecca's mind began to race in pleasure at the idea of being in the lobby naked. With all of these thoughts coming to her mind, she raced over to Matthew where she planted a kiss upon his lips.
"What was that for?" Matthew asked.
"For giving me the best night of my life." Rebecca said as she grabbed Matthew's hand.
Heading out of the apartment complex, the two ventured into an alleyway where they kissed each other again. Getting down on her knees, Rebecca unbuckled Matthew's pants and pulled down his boxers to reveal his 12-inch thick penis. Licking her lips, Rebecca wrapped her mouth around Matthew's dick. Sucking it off Matthew gritted his teeth at the intense pleasure he was feeling.
"Oh man Rebecca th-this is amazing."
"Well Matty boy this is just the tip of the iceberg."
Using her tits, Rebecca began to pump Matthew's penis til it released semen on her face.
"Mph, tasty." Rebecca said with a smile on her face.
"Then you will enjoy this part."
Thrusting his penis into Rebecca's vagina, the two began to go at it like a couple of wild animals. Reaching his limit, Matthew pulled out and sprayed Rebecca right on the chest.
"Wow that was...amazing." Rebecca said with a smile.
"Yeah, it really was, here." Matthew said as he carried Rebecca in bridal position. "Let me take you back to my apartment."
"How about your apartment."
"Sounds like a deal."