(Note to readers: there is a bit of man-on-man milking at this event)
After my bizarre humiliation session with the Lambda Delta Mu Sorority, Ms. Stone decided that I needed a mental and physical break. I was in total agreement. I neglected to mention that for a change I wasn't hurting for ready cash, as House Mother Victoria had been obscenely generous.
I had a fall break from my classes so I had planned to kick back and do plenty of nothing, except for my regular workout routine. FD Corp. had arranged that I could remain in my dorm over the break even though other students had to clear out. I thought it might be fun having the dorm pretty much to myself, except for a campus security guard stationed to keep an eye on the place to avoid break-ins and such.
I was happy to know that I would still have my supervised training and meals. FD wanted to keep me in peak condition and I had to confess I was entirely too fond of my ripped, lean muscular body.
Although I had the money to take a trip, I thought it might be restful to be by myself. I was getting a little weary of my FD Corp. assignments. They were taking a very kinky turn and it was becoming harder not to feel embarrassed, humiliated or even frightened during the sessions. I was having trouble justifying the fact that the kinkier and more depraved sessions were becoming increasingly arousing to me.
One afternoon, as I was poking around the student commons, I happened to glance at one of the community bulletin boards. Some of the locals post want ads there looking for baby sitters or help with chores and things like that.
One posting that looked brand new caught my eye. "Fun Hollywood Couple seek uninhibited male dancer to entertain at a very adult charity Halloween costume party. Must have fun costumes to dance in and must be willing to strip to skimpy attire."
The number to call was included. I had thought that I didn't want to do anything that involved crowds, but this sounded like fun and a good way to get my masculine mojo back. As I mentioned, some of my FD Corp. assignments had left me feeling shy and embarrassed about being naked and on display and I didn't like that feeling. Also most of my body hair that had been shaved by the Sorority had grown back and I didn't feel like such a freak.
I went back to my dorm room and called the number and spoke with the hostess. She and her husband were expecting a mixed crowd of men and women of varying ages, and wanted some more risqué entertainment as a means of getting larger donations from some of the more adventurous party-goers.
They had thought about getting a naked bartender...but they had a regular caterer for cocktail and food service anyway, and wanted to know if I would be available to go-go dance throughout the evening and maybe do a strip tease for the real late night partiers.
She mentioned that they had a rec-room of sorts and would have a box and stripper pole (fun couple!) set up. If I could bring a few easy costumes to dance in and maybe even strip out of, that would be really sensual. I decided that I really wanted this gig.
"Well, Ma'am this really sounds like a lot of fun and certainly the type of thing I enjoy doing."
"That's wonderful Randy. I would like to actually see you before I commit to booking you."
"That's perfectly understandable. Are you near your computer?" She was, so I gave her my website address. There were no face pictures and the nude shots were censored but I figured she could get the idea. I waited on the phone while she looked over my CFNM Party Services website.
"Oh Randy, this is very impressive, at least from what I can see. Your list of services is delightful. I'm sure that my guests will find you most entertaining. However, I do also need my husband's approval and we would like to see your face. Is there a way that we can face-time with you?'
Before we hung up she quoted me a fee for the evening that was extravagant. She also mentioned that she would leave a tip jar in a prominent place and that I could keep tips as well. This sounded like too much fun to pass up. I gave her my information and we agreed on a time when she and her husband could get a quick look at me. A little later as I was doing other things on my lap top I got the message that someone was on face time for me. We connected and I got a look at my potential host and hostess. "Hollywood couple' was right. They were both excessively tanned. Her hair was abnormally blonde and his was abnormally black. I couldn't tell how old they really were. Both their faces had that plastic surgery 'pulled tight' look. They were, however both cheerful and smiling. He was wearing a Hawaiian shirt and she was in a very tight and low cut designer t-shirt. Her breasts were so large and high that they must have been under a surgeon's knife as well. She spoke first.
"How nice to meet you face to face Randy. You certainly are a handsome young man. Isn't he a handsome young man, dear?' Her husband chimed in.
"Yes, indeed, quite handsome. I think our guests would enjoy being entertained by this young man. I think he might stimulate some large donations."
"Now Randy, as we discussed, we need you to dance a few sets during the evening in assorted costumes. We feel that having food, drinks and live entertainment will encourage our guests to give generously to our charity. Our thought was to kind of 'auction" you off. What I mean is that if the guests want to see more of you they will need to up their donations. If the donations meet or exceed our goal you would eventually be completely naked. Your site does say that you will perform in the nude. Is that agreeable?'
"Yes Ma'am. That sounds like a lot of fun."
"Please call me Deedee and my husband is George."
"Glad to meet you, Deedee and George."
"Likewise, I'm sure. Although I did see your pictures online, I do think we should see some of you before we agree to book you, don't you think so George?"
"Yes dear. I'm sure the young man would agree to remove his shirt for us." As he spoke he put one arm around his wife's shoulders and began playing with one of her nipples through the thin t-shirt fabric. Diane moaned softly.
I stood up and removed the tank top I had been wearing. I stood back far enough from the lap top camera so that they could see my torso. I couldn't resist doing a bit of flexing and muscle-man posing to impress them. The idea of a gig where I was being admired and flattered instead of humiliated and abused had my cock starting to stir. I could feel the blood flowing to my shaft as it began to swell and lengthen in my loose running shorts.
"Deedee dear, Randy's torso is most impressive. Look at the cut of his abs. And his hips show the 'girdle of Hercules'. If I were still a casting agent I'd put him in a soap opera or get him a contract modeling men's underwear and swimwear."
"You're right George. I don't think he has an ounce of body fat. And his blond body hair looks like fine golden threads."
As Deedee spoke I thought I saw some movement from her right arm. Was she giving George a hand job while he was playing with her tit? This was pretty crazy, like watching live web-cam porn! My cock was certainly enjoying the view and I was at full mast.
Deedee leaned in and whispered something to George who then spoke to me.
"Randy, my wife is a bit shy about asking you something. I see on your site there is a link to send you funds electronically. If I were to send you a deposit to firm up the booking do you think it would be possible for us to see your ass; and if it's not too much trouble, your cock as well?"
George's hand was now under Deedee's t-shirt and from the way she was squirming he was really working the nipple on that tit. Her arm also seemed to be working his dick faster and faster. I wondered if he would cum if I showed them my goods.
"Um, sure...why not, you seem like really cool people and you want to be sure you'd be getting your money's worth.
Seconds later the banking program on my lap top pinged. George had sent a very sizable deposit.
I stood up and turned around, slowly lowering my running shorts to expose my tan line and white buttocks. I heard Deedee moan.
"Perfect, just perfect."
With my butt still turned to the screen, I slipped out of my shorts. I draped them over my now throbbing cock.
"Are you sure you want to see my cock? Gosh I wouldn't want to offend you." I used my most innocent 'little boy' voice.
Both of them were practically gasping. George squirmed as though he were about to blow his wad.
"Please...pleeze show us!"
I had never done a webcam show. The idea never appealed to me. I guess I felt that kind of thing was really too much like prostitution. Seeing how Deedee and George reacted to seeing me on screen was making the idea seem more tempting.
I turned sideways to the screen and pulled the shorts away very slowly first revealing my balls, then the base of the shaft and then slowly, teasingly exposed the rest of the shaft and finally the swollen mushroom head which was starting to glisten with pre-cum. George almost shouted.
"Oh gawd, Oh GAWD!
I was right. George blew his load. I sat back down so that just my face and chest were on screen. When things calmed down, Deedee spoke.
"Randy, you are spectacular. You'll be perfect for the party. George will give you the address and time."
George thanked me profusely and gave me all the information. He asked that I call the morning of the party to verify that everything was on for that night. If all the guests were this wild, I might have a lot of fun.
Just as I logged off from face time, there was a knock at my door. Without thinking I got up and pulled it open. There stood a large, very powerful, very butch looking female campus security guard. As soon as I saw the expression on her face I realized that I was standing there stark naked! My cock was still semi-hard and I quickly did my best to cover my crotch with my hands.
"Well, well. Mr. Summers I was checking in to see that you are doing ok since you are the only student occupying the dorm during the break. I see that you are doing more than ok, in fact extremely well from what I can see."
"Umm, uhh...I'm so sorry. I wasn't thinking. I was doing stuff on the computer and I forgot I wasn't wearing anything. I didn't mean to expose myself. It was an accident. I don't want to get in any trouble."
At that moment I noticed that the guard had a button with the FD Corp. logo pinned next to her badge. She moved a few steps into my room and leaned against the door frame with her arms akimbo. Her eyes ran up and down my body like a searchlight.
"I'm quite sure it was an accident. If I thought it was deliberate you'd be in handcuffs already for indecent exposure. By the way, you may call me Officer Jane. I'll be watching over this building...and you...to make sure that you go and come in safety."
She emphasized the word 'come'.
"Well, thank you Officer Jane. I'm relieved to know that I'm in such capable hands."
I regretted the phrase the moment I heard myself speak.
"Yes, the University and FD Corp. want to be sure that all is well with you during the break. This dorm is completely empty except for you. I decided to make your safety my personal project. FD Corp. wouldn't want you getting into any trouble."
Oh cripes! I thought I was getting a vacation, but FD Corp. was going to be watching my every move. I also knew that I would be expected to co-operate with Officer Jane. She was smiling at me, but it was more of a lecherous leer.
"That said I need you to put your junk into my 'capable' hands."
I sighed and hung my head. It was no use trying to resist or make some excuse. I still had several semesters to go before graduation and I needed the FD Corp. scholarship funding to continue. I dropped my hands giving Officer Jane an unobstructed view of my privates. She grabbed my balls with one hand, kneading them and pulling on my ball sack. The other hand squeezed and stroked my shaft back to full hardness. Pre-cum was dripping from the slit and she used a finger to spread some around the mushroom head of my cock and then licked her finger.
"You are as yummy and obedient as Ms. Stone said. I'm sure I'll be seeing more of you."
She released her grip on my privates and walked down the hallway quietly whistling some tune. I was sure I was not going to like this development. I tried to put it out of my mind. I spent the days before the party doing some online research. Actually I was looking at porn that featured scenes involving stripper poles. I actually managed to find quite a few, including some with male dancers. I tried to memorize some moves that I thought might come in handy for the party.
The morning of the party arrived and I checked in with George. Everything was set and ready to go. George even asked if I had business cards to bring along as I might make some good contacts. He decided to send a car to get me in the event that I might indulge in a bit too much to drink. I was glad to bring along my business cards. Rich people are always looking for amusement, sometimes the racier the better. At the appointed hour a Lincoln Town Car picked me up and headed for Beverly Hills. The house was a mansion, but not one of those absurd mega-mansions. It was just a nice, large Tudor-style house with a lawn and rosebushes. It looked like a Hollywood movie star home out of the 1940's
When I arrived the party was in full swing, my hostess Deedee was dressed as a nun...but the back of her habit was see-through! She showed me to a guest bedroom where I could put my costumes in a safe spot. Her only request was that I wear some sort of mask all night...just to add to the mystery. If I wanted to I could unmask my face at the last part of the evening when I unmasked the rest of me or I could remain mysterious. I don't know how much mystery I would still have if I were naked and sporting a hard-on. If I would do sets of 20 minutes of so through the evening, I was free to take breaks and have some drinks and party goodies.
"Randy, do you mind if any of the guests get 'touchy-feely'? It is a very mixed crowd of women and men, straight, gay and everything in between. I don't want you or my guests to feel uncomfortable.
"I'm not gay, but I guess I don't mind if guys touch my butt or biceps or something. I try to be friendly with mixed groups, and besides there are a lot of women here as well so it's cool."
"Wonderful! I do want everyone to have fun! I think the crowd is sufficiently liquored up for you to start your first set. Get changed and when you come down the main stairs make a right and the rec-room is right through the door."
I had been feeling a bit nervous, so I took the precaution of taking two of the herbal pills that I had gotten from my pal Tim when we did our 'gay for pay' scene for the BBW voyeur. The pills have the effect of making me outrageously horny and even more uninhibited than usual and I figured that would be a good thing for this party.
My first costume was a "Zorro" outfit...and I figured the black cloth mask with that would be comfortable for the whole evening. The costume included a black puffy sleeve shirt with a low v-neck, loose long black pants with a wide black vinyl belt with a Velcro closure, a black cape and a black hat with a flat top and wide brim. Tall black boots with the pants tucked in would have been more correct, but I opted for black ankle high wrestling shoes which would make it easier to remove the pants.
I got dressed and headed for the 'go-go box' in the rec-room. My hostess had said that dance music would be playing throughout the night, so I should just go with it. True to her word, there was a stripper pole in the center and sizable goldfish bowl at the corner of the box for tips. There was a spotlight focused on the box, not too bright but enough to direct attention there. The box was high enough that my crotch was just below the eye level of the crowd. It would be very easy for a guest to grab my crotch, ass or even pecs. There was even an old disco mirror ball spinning slowly next to the stripper pole. The room itself was dimly lit.
Deedee had mentioned that guests would be circulating all over the house for food and drinks and social mingling but figured that word would spread once I was dancing.
I started my usual gyrations...and began a slow, sensual strip...removing my cape, gloves, hat...which I put back on after removing my shirt. I was sure to oil myself up before starting, so that I would look good and sweaty/shiny. A couple of gals came over and asked to feel my pecs, I obliged and they giggled, left some bills in the tip jar and went on to the party.
I played a bit with the stripper pole...I had never used one before so it seemed like a good chance to try what I had learned from the videos. I spun around it and used it to bump and grind against. I was having a lot of fun.
As I started removing my pants, I started drawing a bit of a crowd, so I made sure to give them plenty of tease. Once the pants were off I danced a while wearing my mask, Zorro hat, black boots, black belt (it had a big decorative leather front piece) and black spandex bicycle shorts. I had decided to start with larger coverings over my ass and crotch and work smaller as the evening progressed.
A few guests asked to see my ass; I obliged by removing the belt and slowly lowering the bicycle shorts to expose my tan line and white ass cheeks. This generated some good tips. Other guests seemed pleased to let me wiggle my crotch close to their faces.
It was time for a short break, so I grabbed the pieces of my costume (I kept the hat on), dropped my stuff in the guest room and headed for the kitchen to get a snack and a glass of champagne. I chatted with some of the catering staff and handed out a few business cards. (You never know when you can use a few contacts.)
Having had something to drink, I headed back to the guest room I was using to change into another costume. I had noticed that the majority of the crowd was definitely older. Everyone, men and women alike looked as though they had had plastic surgery. The whole house just felt like money, lots of old money.
I was "way-laid" en route by one of the female guests in a "Cleopatra" costume. She asked if I would dance with her. My hostess had asked me to be friendly and 'go with the flow' and I figured as long as I was visible I was still 'entertaining' the guests.
There was an old disco hit playing, (like I mentioned, this was an older crowd) the kind that was fun to dance and fuck to, so I was doing my 'groove thing' with Cleo. She had had quite a few drinks, and was having a good time grabbing my butt and pulling me close to her as we danced. I didn't mind when she grabbed my head and gave me a deep tongue kiss. My assignments with FD Corp. have taught me that when I'm practically naked women like to be sexually aggressive with me. It's a situation that I have been finding increasingly stimulating. My cock started straining against my spandex shorts.
Cleo must have felt it poking against her because she backed up a bit, looked down, grabbed hold of my dick through the shorts and said "Ooooohh my!"
Other guests noticed and winked or giggled. I made an "Oops! I'm such a bad boy" face, got loose from Cleo, covered my crotch and headed for the guest room to change.
I started to change out of my Zorro gear and into a Cowboy costume for my next set when there was a knock at the door. It was Deedee, my hostess.
"Randy, are you decent?"
"Well, no...not that it really matters." I laughed.
"That's true..." and she came in to find me quite naked. I covered my crotch with my hands...I used to be quite an exhibitionist but lately my FD assignments make me sometimes reluctant to be naked, especially when taken by surprise.
"I've been talking to some of the guests and they think you're so hot. They are having a lot of fun watching you. Several have asked if we'll get to see ALL of you! I mentioned that it might depend on the size of their donations."
"Well...I believe that was part of our bargain, to be full-monty before the end of the night if you make your goal!"
"What's next?" she asked.
"I was going to put on my cowboy costume, after I oil up a bit more."
"What's that?"
While getting costume pieces from my bag I had taken out a bottle of poppers and put them aside. I hadn't really planned to use them.
"It's a bottle of poppers...I sometimes..."
"Oh, yes, I remember those. They give you a rush when you use them during sex. Let me help you oil up..."
She grabbed my bottle of baby oil and drizzled some down my back and began to rub it in. She dripped some on my thighs and gave my legs a good rub down. I felt my dick hardening. She put oil on my arms, running her hands up and down. She started to drip oil on my chest, but noticed I was still covering my crotch with my hands.
"Take your hands away."
I did as told. She dripped oil on my chest and rubbed it on my pecs and abs. My cock had sprung to full, throbbing hardness.
She let a few drops of oil plop on my dick. She took the bottle of poppers and held it under my nose so that I could take a hit. She could sense me feeling the rush.
"Stroke your cock for me."
I did as told. It was hard and glistening. I stood there slowly stroking my cock. The herbal pills had definitely kicked in and I was feeling super horny and uninhibited. Deedee came forward and grabbed the shaft of my cock and squeezed. Pre-cum dribbled from the slit. Just then the door opened. It was her husband, George, dressed as a monk. Without flinching, Deedee began milking my cock.
"Dearest, I'm glad that you are making Randy feel energized to entertain our guests, but don't you think he should be dancing another set by now?"
"You're right dear. I was working up the courage to ask him that question you and I had discussed, but you know how shy I am about such things."
Shy? She was standing there stroking my cock while her husband watched. Shy indeed!
George came forward and placed a hand on my shoulder, managing to touch my nipple with his palm as Deedee continued jerking my dick.
"Randy, our guests are already so impressed with your dancing that some very sizable donations are coming in. If I could see my way to doubling your fee so you think you would be able to do a jack-off show for all of us. Or perhaps let the highest donor give you a hand-job and cum in front of everyone?"
With Deedee stroking my cock I was already feeling sexually crazed and the thought of double the promised fee was way too good to pass up. The herbal pills had me feeling pretty man-whorish so I agreed.
"What the hell. Sounds like a good time to me."
"Excellent. We'll see how the donations go. Deedee dear, let go of Randy so he can get back to work. By the way Randy, do you have more business cards? There are several people I want to have your contact information."
Deedee reluctantly released her grip on my cock. I gave George a stack of business cards. As they both turned to leave I noticed that George's monk costume had a big hole in the back, exposing his ass. It was obvious that this area had never been to a plastic surgeon.
I dressed in my red, unlined Speedo, black chaps, vest, red kerchief and white cowboy hat, and cowboy boots, of course. I also had a belt and holster with a toy 6-shooter. I put the black cloth mask on again as well...it looked ok with the cowboy outfit. I would have liked cowboy boots, but again, the wrestling shoes were easier to dance and strip with.
The party was very crowded by now and feeling liquored and lively. I got back on my "box" to dance another set.
I must have been doing ok, because I was drawing a good sized crowd. As well as getting tipped and felt up a lot! The women especially were ignoring the tip bowl and putting bills directly in my Speedo. The attention had my cock going from semi-hard to fully hard and back. In front of the whole crowd I reached in and dressed my cock to the right to make more room for my expanding erection. I could feel the pre-cum drooling from the tip, making a very visible wet spot on the Speedo.
I got down off the box and danced out among the crowd, asking for 'help' in getting out of my vest and chaps and I had no shortage of volunteers, in fact I was almost stampeded. I tried to get clothes off slowly but the crowd wasn't having it and I was quickly stripped. Several of the women tried to yank off my Speedo so I decided to really tease the crowd before ending the second set. I got back on the go-go box and shifted the holster around so that it hung in the front, covering my crotch.
I turned my butt to the crowd and after a few bumps and wiggles, bent over with my ass towered the crowd and peeled off my red Speedo. I turned back and spun it around my head and then shot it like a slingshot over to my hostess who was watching. As I danced and gyrated, my cock and balls swung back and forth just enough to give my audience some tantalizing peeks at my 'goods' without showing everything.
That set ended, so I put the Speedo back on, got off the box and made my way through the room back toward the guest room to change for my last set. En route my hostess stopped me so that she could introduce me to one of the guests. Seems that he ran a catering company and occasionally needed a novelty erotic act. He looked very 'Beverly Hills', white hair, very tan. You could tell that in his younger days he had been very hot. With his cigar, sports shirt and tight pants I guessed he came as an old time studio mogul.
The three of us chatted and grabbed some champagne from one of the passing waiters.
My hostess was praising my performance so far, and hinting to him that I was going to get very, very naughty later. By this point they both had their hands on my butt. I was feeling no pain from the champagne and horned up enough that I didn't care who was grabbing my ass. My hostess wandered off to mingle. The 'mogul' released my butt, put his arm around my shoulder and introduced himself.
"I'm very happy to meet you Randy. My name's Avery. As Deedee mentioned I run a very exclusive high end catering company, in fact we catered this party. My clients are mostly older and conservative, but I do have a few select clients that have sometimes requested that I provide something more, shall we say, sensual? It's not the kind of thing I can advertise, as I do have a long standing reputation to protect."
"Oh, I'm the soul of discretion. What happens at a party stays at the party."
As he spoke his hand drifted from my shoulder to my chest and he lightly flicked my nipple with one of his fingers. I guess the herbal pills were doing their work well enough that the sensation was causing my cock to swell and lengthen in my Speedo. I don't consider myself gay or particularly bisexual but I was feeling outrageously horny.
"I can see that you dance and strip, extremely well, by the way. I also understand that you also bartend and waiter in the nude."
I continued sipping my champagne as Avery's arm drifted to my waist. He hugged me close and whispered.
"I must be very discreet about this. I understand that you're not gay so I would never book you for an all male party although with your looks I could get you a lot of money for such events. There may be some mixed or all female parties that I may be able to use you for if you would be interested in my booking you for such things."
By now his arm had found my hips and his fingers were running along my now fully hard cock. The thought of making money at fun parties rather that the somewhat abusive and humiliating FD Corp. assignments was sitting quite well with me. Ms. Stone had said I was free to take gigs as long as they didn't interfere with my FD contract assignments. Avery was staring at my hard-on which was very visible through the thin Speedo. The front of his tight slacks seemed to be bulging.
"Yes indeed, you are a most attractive young man. I have several clients that would enjoy you...working at their parties I mean."
He went off to refill his drink and mingle. I finished my champagne, and headed for the guest room to change for my last set. I had brought one more costume to use, but as I got to the door of the guest room, Deedee stopped me.
"Randy, you've been doing a fantastic job. The donations have exceeded our expectations thanks to you. I hope you still agree to jack-off or receive a hand job from the highest donor?"
"Well...sure. I did agree to do that."
It was too late to beg off but I was starting to regret that decision.
"Marvelous. I'm sure that you brought another costume, but I was hoping that you would wear something special. You'll find it laid out on the bed."
With that, Deedee walked away. The outfit she had left for me was pretty wild. It was a pair of parachute pants and a loose jacket of the same material covered in square silver sequins. There was a matching mask, baseball cap and even sneakers. The final piece was a stretchy g-string pouch also covered in square silver sequins. The g-string pouch was designed to hold my cock and balls and stay on with a snap that held my goods firmly in place. There was no waistband. I put the ensemble on. I looked like a walking disco ball! I also grabbed my baby oil, since I was probably going to give a bit of a jack-off show at the end of this set.
I headed out to the go-go box, and ran into Cleo (which happened to be her real name) and Mr. Beverly Hills, who turned out to be Avery, her husband. They really liked this costume, and we posed for some photos. They both managed to grab my butt again.
I got back up on the box and started my set. This time I really made use of the stripper pole...as best I could...swinging around it and humping up against it as though I were fucking. The late partiers were really getting into it. A few couples started making out...I guess I was getting them horny.
I peeled off the shirt first, exposing my shiny, sweaty torso. I did some bumps and grinds, reaching my hands down the parachute pants and grabbing my crotch. I made sure to really tease the crowd, tweaking my nipples and running my fingers up and down my torso, playing with my 'cum-gutter' abs.
I turned my back to the crowd, bent over and slowly peeled off the pants, flexing my butt cheeks for effect. I turned around slowly, holding the pants in front of my crotch. As the pouch had no waistband, I looked as though I were nude behind the cover of the pants. I knelt down and did a few hip thrusts to shake to pants away and reveal the sparkling pouch.
I put my hands above my head and sort of locked my ankles behind the pole...moving and writhing as though I were tied to the pole. That must have looked really hot, because Mr. Beverly Hills came up to the go-go box...whispering to me that he and his wife were the high donors for the night. He grabbed the bottle of baby oil and began to drizzle it on my body. His wife, Cleo must have been enjoying the view...she started touching her breasts. I guessed that they liked to swing.
As I mentioned before, I don't consider myself gay, but I was so horned up from the herbal pills and being admired by the crowd that being rubbed and touched by Avery got me rock hard...and when he saw my cock rising and straining to escape its confines, he unsnapped the pouch and my cock popped free, bouncing and bobbing. Pre-cum was starting to ooze from the slit. The crowd whistled and applauded.
Avery stood behind me and started stroking my cock for the entire crowd to see. He whispered in my ear: "I want you to give my wife a lap dance."
I nodded. Someone grabbed a chair and placed it up on the go-go box. Cleo came up on the little stage and sat in the chair. I knelt before her, doing a slow bump and grind, and playing with myself. I slowly worked closer to her and then straddled her lap. She pulled me close for some deep tongue kissing...which got me even harder. I moved my hips around letting my cock swing. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Avery watching with immense interest. He had unzipped his fly and was stroking his fat, stubby cock.
Cleo took my dick in her hand and rubbed it in her ample cleavage. I thrust my hips back and forth, giving her a nice titty fuck. Avery snuck up behind me and knelt down, kissing my butt cheeks as I stroked my cock between his wife's breasts. It felt crazy hot!
A few of the guests started to clap in rhythm. I danced away from Cleo and Avery and worked the rest of the crowd...tips were being waived and I was beckoned to do a few more lap dances by both female and male guests. I was having a great time. I was also getting a lot of jack-off action from the guests. My cock was throbbing and almost painful...I was going to have to shoot my load soon.
I started back to the go-go-box, figuring that I would finish up by popping my load from there. Avery grabbed the tip bowl and threw a big wad of bills in it.
"I want you to give my wife a pearl necklace."
I danced over to where she was still sitting. As I got into position so that I could shoot on her neck and cleavage, her husband again got behind me, grabbed my dick with both hands and pumped me. I could feel his stubby cock rubbing against my ass crack. I was used to women grabbing me and milking my cock but this was just nuts. I wanted to make him stop but I was so horned up that I had to cum! I could feel pre-cum from his stubby dick dripping on to my ass. This was getting really sick and twisted. He pumped my cock until I blew my load of hot cum all over his wife's store-bought tits. When I blew my load, Avery blew his, squirting his cum on my ass cheeks.
I remember a lot of applause, and I remember taking a bow of sorts, but I was really wiped out. I headed for the guestroom to clean up and head home. I was very freaked out having let Avery milk me all over his wife's tits in front of everyone.
Sure I had messed around with my buddy Tim for a BBW voyeur who liked to watch guys mess around together, but standing there naked while a fully dressed guy worked my cock in front of a large crowd was too freaky.
I felt sweaty and sticky but I didn't want to hang around there to take a shower. I was going to towel myself off, put on my clothes and ask to be taken home when I noticed that the bag with my clothes, wallet and keys was gone!
Just then, Deedee entered, carrying the tip jar.
"Don't worry about your things Randy; they're in the limo that will take you home. It looks like there are quite a few very large bills in the tip jar. I'm sure you'll be pleased with your 'take'."
I stood there naked; except for the disco sneakers I had been given. Deedee took my arm and started leading me out of the bedroom.
"I'm sure you must be exhausted. It's time we got you into the limo and home".
"Umm, Deedee, I'm still naked here."
"Yes you are; gloriously, beautifully naked".
Her smile changed to a look of what I can only describe as wanton lust. She held up and scrutinized the tip jar.
"I'm sure from the size of your bounty you can indulge me in riding in the limo just the way you are."
Since all my stuff was hopefully in the limo, I didn't exactly have a choice.
As she walked me out of the house we passed a few straggling guests who clapped and whistled. Deedee had taken hold of both my arms and wouldn't let me cover my crotch. We walked to the car, but it was a different and larger limo than the one that had brought me to the party. Deedee knocked on the glass and the window opened. A small, elderly Asian woman peeked out. Deedee spoke again.
"Randy, I hope you don't mind that one of our guests wanted to take you back to your dorm in order to meet you."
I started to protest until I noticed that there was a small FD Corp. logo monogrammed on the limo door. I'd almost forgotten that Ms. Stone made sure that my whereabouts were always known even on non FD Corp. gigs. The Asian woman spoke.
"Randy, I hope you don't mind my unconventional way of meeting you. I have seen some of your work, and Ms. Stone speaks so highly of you that I felt a strong urge to see you for myself. I have your clothing and personal effects right here. It would give me great pleasure if you will accept my hospitality."
Is she was another FD contact; I really didn't have a choice. Deedee gave me a pat on my ass and I got into the limo. The limo had those smaller seats that fold down and face the back seat. The woman indicated for me to sit there. I did notice the bag with all my stuff on the seat next to her. I wanted to put the tip jar in my lap to cover my crotch. I wasn't comfortable totally exposed in a strange car with a strange woman, but there wasn't enough room. I tried to cover my crotch with my hands instead.
As my eyes adjusted to the dim lighting in the limo I was able to get a better look at the woman. She was indeed Asian, about 70, with steel grey hair pulled back in a French twist. Her dress was pale blue, shiny and almost Oriental-looking with little buttons down the front. She was quite small. I figured she was about 5'2" and very petite, except for her breasts. They were enormous; totally out of proportion with her overall size. She must have noticed me staring.
"I see that you are quite fascinated by my breasts. Well, you are a healthy, young heterosexual male. I would be disappointed if you weren't staring at them. They are my own creation. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Dr. Hirata of the FD Corp medical facility in Tokyo."
She held out her hand, expecting me to shake it.
"Randy, this false modesty is pointless and annoying. I have just watched you perform. After all, your entire purpose is to be displayed for the pleasure of others."
I sighed and shook her hand. She was right. There was no point in trying to cover myself. There was a bottle of champagne in the limo bar. She grabbed a champagne flute and placed it under the head of my dangling penis. She took the bottle and poured the champagne so that it trickled down my cock and in to the glass. I was too surprised to say or do anything. Then she handed the glass to me and repeated the action with another glass which she kept for herself. She raised her glass in a silent toast."
"Delicious, as I knew it would be. Drink up, Randy. I wanted to speak to you in person because I am planning a rather special event for a group of colleagues and I want to use you."
As she spoke, she unbuttoned her dress, exposing part of her luscious cleavage. I say luscious because although she was elderly her breasts were those of a 22 year old, smooth, firm and ripe. I was mesmerized. As I gulped my champagne I felt the blood stirring in my crotch as my cock lengthened and stiffened.
"I suppose you are not familiar with the term 'nantaimori'?"
I shook my head.
"It is the practice of eating sushi off the body of a naked man."
She moved closer to me, thrusting her breasts toward me. It may have been the lights in the limo, but I could have sworn that wet spots were forming at what should be the tips of her nipples.
"I am hosting a symposium for colleagues in the medical and technical fields. The lectures tend to be rather technical and frankly, rather dull. I want to use you to demonstrate the practical applications of my work, and the work of some others."
I started to speak but she placed her fingers to my lips and moved even closer to me.
"There is no need to speak now; you are tired from your work at the party. However, I see that your penis has regained its strength."
I looked down. Sure enough my cock was fully erect and standing straight up from my lap. Dr. Hirata reached for the bottle of champagne. This time she placed her glass under my tightening balls and poured the champagne over the head of my cock, allowing it to flow down the shaft and balls and into her glass. I gasped a little at the sudden shock of the cold champagne being poured on my privates, but I was incredibly turned-on. I stared at the wet spots on her dress, which seemed to have grown larger. She started to reach for my cock, but stopped herself.
"If I were bolder, I would stroke your beautiful man-meat; perhaps another time. Now that I have seen you in person I must use you for me event. I am thinking of something much more elaborate and theatrical than just having you lie there as a living sushi tray".
She stared at my cock, which was now pulsing and leaking pre-cum.
"Yes...something to truly display your masculine beauty. I'll be conferring with Ms. Stone quite soon."
The limo reached my dorm. I was tired and dazed by my meeting with Dr. Hirata. I picked up my duffel bag with all my stuff and the tip jar and headed for the back door of the dorm. As I dug around the bag for my keys, I realized that I was still naked and sporting wood. Before I could find my key, the door swung open. There, with a big sarcastic smile on her face stood Officer Jane.
"Well, well. Hasn't someone been having a good time tonight?"
I tried to cover my hard on with my bag but Officer Jane snatched it away. She also grabbed the tip jar.
"Get in here Mr. Summers. It's late and you should be in bed."
I smiled sheepishly and shrugged as I headed for the elevator.
"No, no. We'll take the stairs. Go ahead of me. I want to watch the working of your ass muscles as you walk up the stairs."
I could feel her eyes on my ass as I climbed up to my floor. When we reached my dorm door, she opened it with her pass key and tossed my bag inside. She reached into the tip jar and helped herself to a few bills.
"I'm sure you meant to tip me for seeing you safely home at this late hour."
She then grabbed a handful of bills. She rubbed them in my face and threw them against my chest. She grabbed more bills and threw them at my crotch. She continued throwing money at me until the jar was empty and then tossed the jar into the room.
"If I weren't so tired I'd make you pay for disturbing me at this hour. No matter, I'll get an apology out of you at another time."
With that, she turned and walked away. I showered quickly and collapsed into bed. I spent a fitful night wondering what both Officer Jane and Dr. Hirata had in store for me.