Part 8. The Dragon's Lair
Chapter 19. Fulfilling An Obligation
Sylvia had packed up and emigrated to Brussels with indecent haste. My parenting commitments meant that I hadn't been able to see her before she moved. She was keen to get away from some bad memories, but I also suspected that she was deliberately drawing a line under our ambiguous relationship.
Her plans to sell her house all moved surprisingly smoothly. She hadn't even asked for my assistance.
I took her departure personally. Her eagerness to get away felt like a rejection. I knew that I didn't love her. How could I? Despite her flirtatious behaviour she had been emotionally unapproachable. But she had meant a lot to me, as a friend and sometimes confidante. Thoughts of her had occupied so much of my waking thoughts for so long that she would leave a vacuum behind her, me knowing that I could no longer see her.
When Rita, the saddle-maker, contacted me, I had assumed her motive was arranging the delivery of Sylvia's personal effects. It wasn't. Rita had come to see me, but she hadn't brought Sylvia's boxes with her. She left it to me to return the compliment and visit her to collect them.
"Hello? Is that Rita?"
"Yes, I know that voice; it's Simon, isn't it? What can I do for you?"
Her voice sounded sexy, particularly since I could put a face and body to it. I felt an immediate urge to see her again, perhaps to repeat our first encounter.
"We have some unfinished business. When can I see you?"
Her next words dashed my hopes, if not my urges.
"Oh Simon, that was a once in a lifetime opportunity. I warned you not to get any ideas about you and me. It was fun at the time, but it's over."
She didn't intend to let me down gently. Had the sole motivation for her visit to my house been to see the videos? Had sex with me just been the icing on the cake, an opportunistic experience never to be repeated? I pressed on, now somewhat humiliated.
"Yes - well - OK - but there's still the matter of Sylvia's possessions which you wanted me to deliver to her mother. When can I collect them?"
"I'd rather you came whilst I'm away. Call at my neighbour's. She'll show you where they're stored."
So, Rita not only didn't want a repeat performance, she wanted to avoid me as well. What had I done to deserve that? I felt as deflated as a punctured bouncy castle or an ex-balloon.
I tried to disguise my disappointment and agreed to meet up with her neighbour to go and collect the boxes from Rita's stables.
I sat at home, staring for weeks after that, at the boxes piled up in my living room. They weren't sealed, and I glanced at the contents. One box contained Sylvia's office clothes, including those dreadful striped blouses. I stared at them, and imagined her firm, bra-clad breasts almost bursting out of them. Briefly touching them with my fingers gave me an unwanted erection, so strong were my recollections of her, so redundant was my physical reaction.
I had to rid myself of those potent reminders. I telephoned Ruby. I felt queasy as I dialled her number.
"Mrs Willcocks? My name is Simon. Your daughter asked me to contact you."
"Simon, you say? Sylvia's friend? What does she want now?"
Ruby's voice was not dissimilar in register to Rita's contralto, but it was cold, disparaging and imperious. I didn't know the full history between mother and daughter, and at that moment I felt like piggy in the middle of a relationship quagmire.
"Sylvia phoned me just before she left for Brussels. She asked me to collect some boxes of her personal possessions from storage that she couldn't take with her. She asked me to deliver them to you for safe-keeping."
"Why should I take them, after what she's done to me? You are her boyfriend. Why don't you look after them?"
"I'm not, and never have been her boyfriend. I was simply a friend who tried to support her when she was down."
There was a harsh, forced laugh in the earpiece. "A friend with benefits from all I heard. I suspect you were well paid for your services."
Ruby's biting sarcasm hurt Her tone sounded harsh and dismissive. Contacting her suddenly felt like a bad idea.
"Mrs Willcocks, I don't want to come between mother and daughter. I did my best to support Sylvia, but I know nothing of the differences between the two of you. Sylvia didn't confide in me."
"No, she was a dark horse. She nearly came between me and Sebastian. Still, that is none of your business, I suppose. So what do you want of me after all this time?"
"I want only to fulfil Sylvia's wishes, to deliver some of her possessions to you to look after for her. I'm sure she values them. Perhaps they would provide a possible bridge between you both in time - if you want to see her again."
"This is a nice try, but I fear that boat has sailed. Well, if you must, you can drop them off at the weekend. I gather you know all too well where to come."
Luckily, I was free of parenting duties that following weekend, which is why I had chosen to telephone her then. Her last comment suggested that she knew quite a lot about my antics at the farm with Sylvia, in her absence. It would be awkward having to meet her under those circumstances.

~*~*~

I didn't realise until I put the receiver down how tense I'd been during the telephone conversation. I was trembling with stress. Sylvia had said her mother was formidable. I felt every bit of that steeliness, and her contempt for me in her tone of voice.
I conjured up an image of a prim lady of a certain age, who probably disapproved of Sylvia's dissolute behaviour with me. From what Sylvia had said about Sebastian, who had not sounded at all starchy, her mother did not sound an ideal mate for him.
Ruby telephoned me later that week to postpone my trip.
"There's no reason for Sebastian to meet you, so I'd like to rearrange your visit to a later date when he will not be here. He will be away abroad on business then. He agrees with me that he has no reason to want to meet you."
So Sylvia's stepfather apparently preferred to avoid me, along with Sylvia and Rita. I suppose I shouldn't have taken it personally, but I did. I was beginning to feel like a pariah for being Sylvia's friend. The prospect of the rearranged trip to her mother was beginning to fill me with dread.
I drove to Gloucestershire on a fine early autumn Saturday morning. It was a pleasantly warm day, but the weather did nothing to dispel my unease at a potential confrontation with the dragon lady. I had left home early in case of heavy traffic, and was reduced to an almost crawl in order to arrive at the appointed time and not before. Ruby had insisted that I make an appointment, and make sure that I kept to time. "Punctuality is politeness," she had asserted. It made me feel no more significant or welcome than the taxman.
Memories of my time with Sylvia at the farmhouse did nothing to make me feel better at being there again as I pulled up in front of the charming, mediaeval farmhouse mansion. I pulled on the chain in the rustic porch, which rang a distant bell in the interior.
The door was opened several minutes later by a very glamorous looking lady. It had to be Ruby Willcocks. How could it have been anyone else?
The woman was large-framed, with a powerful body, but a compelling shape. She was unlike Sylvia in almost every respect. Whereas Sylvia's face had been plain, Ruby's had a timeless beauty etched into her faint, mature lines. She had perfect features and a sensual mouth. She had a full head of glossy hazel hair which she kept from flying in the breeze by a multi-coloured head band tied around her forehead.
She stared at me appraisingly for several, very long seconds. They felt like an eternity. I was too nervous to break the ice by speaking. I was also intimidated by her sheer physical presence. She was almost a match for Rita. She was about my height, but her body was very imposing for a woman.
At last, she spoke.
"So you're the legendary Simon. I've heard a great deal about you. How much of it is true, I wonder? Not a lot, judging by the sight of you."
Her put-down intimidated me instantly. But it didn't sound as much cruel as dismissive, as if I was of no importance. She stood aside in the doorway and gestured with a proprietorial sweep of her arm for me to enter. I did my best not to stoop as I passed her. She overtook me and went ahead with expansive strides and cupped hands that spoke of proprietorship and utmost self-confidence. She led me to the large kitchen of red bricks and exposed oak beams. She indicated a tall bar stool at an island bar.
"Have a seat. I can offer you refreshments, although I suspect you already know where to fetch them from."
Yet another dig at a supposed history about me. She poured us both freshly brewed coffees and gestured to a plate of shortbread biscuits.
I studied her in more detail as I sipped on the refreshment. Her body was impressive for its size and shape. There appeared to be no wasted fat anywhere on her exposed limbs. She sported a large bust, slim waist, and attractive hips. She was wearing a flowing green kaftan dress or tunic, with a plunging vee neck, secured at the waist with an interwoven green and yellow rope belt. She wore beige toeless sandals and had matching green painted toenails. The thin kaftan material clung to her body in drapes but hinted at an enticing shape beneath.
She wasn't at all as I had imagined her from her telephone manner. Her clothing style spoke of a carefree free spirit.
"You must forgive me, Simon. I was unreasonable to you on the phone. I took it out on you, but you were only the messenger. You can take your car to the stable yard after your coffee, and unload the boxes into the empty stable block.
"Thank you. I won't detain you longer than necessary." That was my polite proxy for my actual thought: I'd prefer to get away just as quickly as I can.
She considered my meaning, then emitted a half-chuckle.
Then she set off on a rambling stream-of-consciousness speech. There was nervousness lurking there under her practised exterior.
"I understand that you rode Honey when you were here. She's my horse, a docile creature. But now I have responsibility for two. Marshi was Sylvia's. She is more spirited, but very sensible. She needs to be exercised daily. I often ride her and sometimes take Honey along on a long rein. I let all three horses out in the paddock to socialise. Master's Mate is a gelding so he enjoys the mares' company. But the ladies seem to enjoy human company more. They can be demanding emotionally. Honey, particularly, calls out for attention sometimes. I also know that Marshi misses Sylvia."
She was filling a potentially awkward silence with whatever came into her head. Suspicion dawned, that perhaps she had been putting on a front. Would the real Mrs Willcocks reveal herself?
Her next words were tentative.
"Perhaps you would ride Honey again today? I can take Marshi. They don't often get ridden out together. It would be doing me a favour."
She had wounded me with her off-hand openers.
"Are you sure you can tolerate my presence?"
She stared at me, pensively, then she tried an ineffectual smile.
"Yes, I was rude, wasn't I? I saw you as the enemy, succeeding with my daughter where I had failed. I'm sure now it wasn't you she was running away from when she fled to Belgium.
"Look, we got off on the wrong foot. This meeting could have gone one of two ways. I was prepared for both. Seeing you now, I think I would enjoy to spend some time with you, if you would oblige me? The mares need exercise. You could accompany me, and we could talk?
"Oh, yes, of course, Mrs Willcocks. I enjoyed riding Honey, and I admired Marshi's intelligence and instincts. She's a remarkable horse."
After the briefest of pauses, she smiled, confidently this time. The ice was broken.
This was a different woman from the ogre I imagined on the telephone. Her initial demeanour at the front door had mellowed in minutes in the kitchen. But it felt like an act. She now wanted some help in exercising her horses so she had changed her tune.
I was torn between irritation for her apparent game playing and curiosity about her potentially sumptuous body beneath that kaftan. She had stood up, apparently to show me some photographs of the family. But I got the impression it was her body she was drawing my attention to. It was a means to an end which seem to involve using me.
"That was Sylvia as a girl. She was very shy then. She couldn't bear to stand still for a picture. There she is at sixteen at Weymouth. I talked her into her first bikini. Sebastian was very impressed. That's him there, in that one."
She handed me a photo of a very confident looking man, middle aged but with an exceptionally youthful, well-developed body. He was the sort of man I wished I could be: strong, muscular, tanned and exceptionally attractive. Whereas I was the sort of man to whom she wouldn't look twice.
"There isn't one of you, Mrs Willcocks."
"Call me Ruby. No, they're my pictures. Sebastian doesn't care about such things. I suppose you would have liked to see one of me in a bikini?"
I tried to meet her gaze and not appear as embarrassed as I felt at that moment. She let me off the hook.
"I know that Sylvia liked you very much. If anyone could persuade her to return, it would be you. If the opportunity arises, would you try and persuade her to come back for a visit, at least? If she contacts you, can you tell me what she says?"
"I would be pleased to do what I can to help, er, Ruby, but I wouldn't betray a confidence."
"Of course not. I wouldn't ask you to be indiscreet. Sylvia wants a reconciliation every bit as much as I do. I'm sure she would want you to be forthcoming to help me understand her thinking. Now, I want to make it up to you for being so rude before. I'm going to be exceptionally nice whilst we ride the horses. I think you will find it quite pleasant.
Now, I'm going to change into riding clothes, whilst you stow away Sylvia's boxes in the stables."

~*~*~

I waited in the stable yard for her arrival, and she made quite an entrance.
Like Sylvia, she had a knack of choosing tight clothing that emphasised her shape. But whilst tight riding gear was captivating on Sylvia, on her mother it was devastating. If anything, she was instantly sexier, even than Rita, due to her perfect figure. Her riding pants, predictably, hugged her firm flesh like a second skin. They suggested that the body beneath was smooth and shapely, with generously flowing curves. Sebastian was a lucky man. The two were physically well-suited. She made me feel like an intruder, merely spending time with her, when she could attract the company of just ab wanted.
I considered complimenting her on her outfit, then thought better of it. We were still strangers, and she might have considered it presumptuous flirting.
I helped her saddle both mares. Honey remembered me and nuzzled my cheek. That didn't go unnoticed by her mistress.
Ruby had chosen a shallow saddle for herself, but a conventional one with more support for me. She turned to face me when the horses were ready.
"What do you think of my outfit?"
"Oh, I didn't like to presume by commenting. Since you ask, you look extraordinary in it."
"But would you say sexy?"
I sensed a trap. Where was this leading?
"I hesitate to make personal comments about someone I hardly know."
"But I am inviting your comment, as a man. I know you like to admire women's bodies."
"Well, you are quite unlike Sylvia. One thing you do have in common, though is knowing how to show your bodies to their best advantage."
"Well said, but do you notice any differences between us?"
I hesitated, not knowing how to express what I observed without being overly personal.
"Well, er, Sylvia has a slim frame -"
"With good breasts, I know."
"Yes, whereas your body type is quite different. Your frame is bigger, I might say almost Amazonian. It's hard to credit that you are mother and daughter."
She chuckled. "Well, we are. Sylvia has never seen me dressed like this. It took Sebastian a long time to bring out my self-confidence. I would like Sylvia to see just how far I've come. You will have to tell her the next time you speak to her."
She went to a stable store cupboard and took out a digicam. "You know how to operate one of these, I believe. I haven't seen your handiwork, but Sylvia said you are quite proficient with a digicam. The battery is fully charged."
"But she said she hadn't told you about us."
"That's true, she hadn't. But she confided in Rita, our saddler. Rita and I were good friends once; that is how she and Sylvia met. When Sylvia went to Brussels, we renewed our contact."
"But Rita said you weren't speaking."
Ruby chuckled.
"That was a ruse we agreed on, to get you to come and see me. We settled our differences long ago."
"Did Rita betray Sylvia's confidence?"
"No, of course not. She told me no more than Sylvia gave her permission to do. And I wanted you to come, to talk to me about my daughter - help me understand her better. How better to do that than in the saddle, enjoying this lovely weather!
"Now, I would like you to film me riding in my fetching new gear. You can take the video tape with you and show it to Sylvia the next time you see her. But for now, I think you should first get acclimatised to riding again. Then, later, you can start filming me."
That set my brain buzzing. What sort of filming did she have in mind? Ruby was very attractive, but not at all flirtatious in her manner; in fact she was curiously stand-offish. I could believe that she had dressed to impress Sylvia on film. It certainly didn't appear to be for my benefit. Yet filming her would be an intimate act, that would inevitably draw the viewer's eye to her body. She must be aware that it would excite me to be so close to that spectacular body.
"Do you mean dressed like that?" I asked, probing her intentions.
"Why?" she answered, "would you prefer I change? I'm quite comfortable like this, thank you. This is my new image. I want Sylvia to see me like this."
Her tone had frosted. I wondered just how much, or how little, Rita had told her. That response suggested that she had somehow taken offence at some supposed presumption.
She had packed Honey's saddle bags with essential supplies and found a strap for the digicam to hang from my neck.
She led the way out of the stable yard on Marshi. I followed, staring in astonishment at her firm bottom in the saddle. It spread little more than Sylvia's had, and didn't lose its compellingly rounded shape when seated on the saddle. When she rose in the stirrups, her thighs showed lithe strength.
We rode for about five minutes along a woodland track, then she halted Marshi.
"OK, that's far enough. Are you feeling comfortable again in the saddle? Good. Now, I want you to film me close-up, mounting Marshi. I will take my time so the camera can linger over my lower body. I want Sylvia to appreciate it."
Those words forced my blood to ultra pressurise the already present bulge within my jeans. I suspected now that this wasn't just about Sylvia at all. It would be me she was showing off her body to. She was every bit as sexy as her daughter, though probably without Sylvia's physical hang-ups. I wondered how one earth I could compete with Sebastian, though. From his photograph, he looked like a fine physical specimen.
There was something compelling about focusing a camera's attention on a woman's body, even when it was clothed. Ruby's body was even sexier than her daughter's, and Rita's. This was going to be an interesting ride.
We dismounted and I set up the shot for her to place her foot in the stirrup and propel her body upwards, pausing for an action shot as her right leg was in mid-swing over the mare's back. Her pause, just long enough for me to film her taut leg muscles and stretched bottom within her stretch pants, was somehow all the sexier in its own way for what it implied. I dismissed as inappropriate, thoughts of her mature pussy imprisoned in those tight breeches. But it did not escape me that it was much the same shot as I had previously taken of her naked daughter.
"Did you capture that shot as I intended?"
"I think so," I stammered, amidst my confusion of an inconvenient arousal.
She took that to mean I was unsure.
"We'll try again, then."
She swung her leg over Marshi's back once more in the process of dismounting, but paused with her free leg half-way to the ground. I assumed that she was in some difficulty and without thinking, put out a hand to steady her. It made satisfying contact with her taut bottom. Instant spasms of pleasure coursed through my abdomen at that feel of her warm, taut flesh within her skin-tight pants.
Her reaction was instant, and abrupt.
She muttered, disparagingly, "There was no need for that."
She had put me firmly in my place. I was there to record her ride, and nothing more. The hours ahead suddenly loomed like an onerous duty, the tedium of unfulfilled teasing.
"This time, make sure you get it right. I won't want to do re-takes all day."
I concentrated on steadying the camera, rather than on the sight of her body as she mounted Marshi once more, but slower and more deliberately this time. I had plenty of time to focus on her taut bottom and the smooth junction of her inner thighs and crotch. But I couldn't enjoy it.
"Film my bust in this snug jacket," she directed. "Let people see my mature shape."
"Whom do you plan to show this film to?" I enquired, slightly confusedly.
"That remains on how it turns out," she replied, with an enigmatic smile.
One thing, I suspected, was that this video could be for general consumption, unlike that of her daughter's. She was drawing my attention to all her best physical features, though, and I was destined to spend some time with an inconvenient and uncomfortable erection.
After panning over her body and moving away for a wider shot of her clothed torso, I switched off the camera to save the battery.
We rode abreast, on a wide part of the track.
"So Sylvia told you all about her physical problem? What did you make of it?"
"I don't think I should say; it's too personal."
"Simon, I'm her mother. I'm concerned about her. That's why we are riding like this. I want to know how far she's progressed."
I pondered the ethics of discussing a daughter with her mother. Then I made up my mind to answer truthfully; but first, I needed some answers of my own.
"I will, I promise but first, tell me, why doyouthink Sylvia had that problem?"
"That's a difficult question. She was traumatised by her uncle, my brother-in-law. It never led to physical contact, but it was very strong on innuendo. Sylvia was a very private girl. She could not cope with the stress of his manner. My first husband didn't help. He was excited by her maturing body. She was still a virgin when she got married - in haste I might add. She was escaping from that home environment. I never forgave him for frightening her away.
"Alfie, her husband, was a selfish brute, though. He thought marriage was a means to an end, to persuade her to give him her body to use as he wanted. She coped with it by retreating into a shell. She only started to come out of it when you worked together in that office."
"She told you about that?"
"No, as I said before, she confided in Rita. It appears that Rita is as good at therapy as at saddlery. Rita only confided in me recently. It shamed me that I hadn't seen it and understood what was going on. Sebastian unintentionally made it worse. He dotes on Sylvia and is aggrieved that she took against him. He never touched her physically - well, barely. She wouldn't let him get close anyway.
"But Rita tells me that you gave Sylvia two good orgasms. I hope that means she's on the mend."
"It feels weird hearing you talk about her like that. These are very private matters."
"Believe me, Simon, I don't relish broaching the subject with you. I'm simply concerned for my daughter's welfare. I want to mend fences with her as well. I need to understand her better. You can help with that."
"I don't think so, not any longer. She has a new friend, Florian, in Brussels. She doesn't seem to want to maintain contact with me anymore. She has a new boyfriend now."
Ruby chuckled. "Oh, dearie me, Florian is gay. Rita told me that Sylvia likes him, and feels safe with him, but he isn't any form of sex therapy for her."
"So why did she imply differently to me?"
"She wanted a clean break from her life in England. She removed herself from the site of some awkward memories, including me and Sebastian. You losing her was collateral damage along the way."

~*~*~

We had been riding for almost an hour. The weather was pleasantly warm in the sunshine. I was starting to relax with Ruby. She didn't hold back with her frank conversation, though it was delivered in matter of fact tones. I got the impression that she cared a great deal about her daughter. This was not the encounter I had anticipated, but I could see why she had arranged it. Well, I saw most of it. There were aspects which remained clouded, such as the desire to have her ride filmed.
"You see ahead, the bench Sylvia bought for Sebastian? That was an olive branch to him. We can stop there for a snack and drinks."
As we neared it, I saw the Land Rover parked under the shade of some trees, not for the first time.
"Is that vehicle parked there regularly?"
"No, but it has a fridge wired up in the back now. Sebastian and I park it here with lunches and cold drinks on occasion. It just takes a little prior planning. I pack a cycle in the back, park the LR and ride back to the house."
"And you planned ahead for this morning?"
Ruby gave me a sharp glance. Perhaps she was checking for signs of hidden meaning in my question.
"I leave nothing to chance." Her tone was suddenly cold and imperious.
She insisted that I sit on the bench whilst she loaded and brought across a picnic basket from the back of the vehicle. She placed it between us. It felt like an overwhelming physical barrier. We sat and ate sandwiches and drank cold juices and water. Her mood had frosted temporarily, but I felt it mellowing again as our lunch progressed.
"I do so like this farmstead. There is so much history in its land. There are so many contrasting landscapes. I gather Sylvia showed you some of it. It's a great shame that she cut herself off from it - and from me. I do miss her."
I was curious about whether this horse-riding trip had any more purpose. We had worked the subject of her daughter to death.
"Is today progressing as you intended?"
"Ah, you sense my nuances. I wasn't sure that our meeting today would be civilised. Sylvia might have blackened me to you in stories about me. You might have resented me for supposed treatment of her. I didn't know what to expect. But you're more easy-going than Sylvia led me to believe."
"That was in the early days. She resented me being her boss at first. We resolved that difference eventually, though, when she realised that it was not me but the system which was holding back her career."
Ruby nodded. "Rita said that she thought Sylvia had made all the running with you; that you needed to be prompted to respond to her flirting. Was that true?"
"I was married at the time. I took my vows seriously, more seriously than my wife had."
Ruby sighed. "Ah!" She reached out and took my hand. "I'm beginning to see now why Sylvia trusted you. It makes it easier for me to do the same. I want to reach out to her, to show her I'm no ogre. I want this film of our ride to show Sylvia how much she and I share, and how Sebastian and I appreciate the bench she gave us. I've thought about it. Sylvia loves this spot as much as we do. You can film me sitting on it, reflecting on life. Then I'll go and feed the mares whilst you pan out across the lake."
Even through the small screen of the digicam, Ruby looked beautiful and sexy. She knew how to carry herself. When I had finished filming her, she took the basket back to the Land Rover.
I took my time panning across the scenery, so as to avoid jerky images. Her voice interrupted my camera work. "Now turn and take a shot of me with the horses."
I panned round behind me, taking care to make the movement slow and smooth. She came into view on the screen. I couldn't believe my eyes. I looked round the camera directly at her.
"Bloody hell!"
She laughed, a surprisingly musical tinkle of a sound. She had her back to me. She was feeding a carrot to Honey, whilst holding another behind her back pointing suggestively down towards her bottom. That bottom was naked, as was the rest of her.
The revelation hit me like a tsunami. It was as if my previous encounters had all been leading up to this moment. She was indeed quite unlike Sylvia, who was slim, with modest but shapely curves. Nor was she like Rita, who was larger than life and blowsy. Ruby had a strong but statuesque body that looked near as dammit perfect in every way. She would never be a catwalk model. Her body oozed sensuality. It set my heart pounding like an internal battering ram. My whole upper body shook with sexual excitement.
She had wide shoulders, a relatively narrow waist, hour-glass hips, a superbly shaped bottom, and long shapely legs. You couldn't describe her as thin. She was built of toned muscle that was contained beautifully within a feminine frame. Her skin was tanned, and looked flawless, as were her lines and curves.
She was tapping the end of the second carrot suggestively, like a marker pointing to her firm, rounded butt crevice. Her body was simply divine, and far sexier naked than dressed. She was truly Amazonian, with a strong, athletic body that evidently benefited from regular workouts. Yet, her flesh was smooth, suggesting that she knew not to overwork her muscles with exercises, and watch what she ate.
"Ruby, your body is stunning. I never realised that a real woman could look like that."
"Just like what?" she asked coquettishly, turning round to show me her front.
Her breasts were almost indescribably captivating. They were large, seemingly soft, yet standing proud of her chest, hanging together to create a tight cleavage. They quivered gently as she moved her arms, causing my stomach to lurch and my cock to balloon within its clothed constraints.
Her matching pubic hair was shaved to an arrow stopping short of the front of her vulva, which was visible as a cleft with two bulging lips at the front of her crotch. Her skin was lightly tanned all over. I recall Sylvia saying that Ruby accompanied Sebastian naked around the farm; it showed.
"Now that I'm showing you my body, it would only be polite for you to repay the compliment by slipping off your clothes." Her voice had become deep and velvety.
Her demeanour had changed. She was now sexy and teasing. How could I refuse her request? Her eyes lit up as my cock bounced up horizontally when released from its denim imprisonment. Then her eyes dimmed as my tee shirt revealed my pecs.
"Hmm, that chest needs working on if it is to impress like your cock does. Sylvia was not lying."
"Sylvia?"
"OK, Rita actually told me what Sylvia had revealed to her - about everything."
That last word seemed to hang in the air, until a mild breeze puffed it away. Rita had told Ruby what Syvia had told her. I wonder whether she had also revealed her own assignation with me. Then again, just how much had she revealed about my horse rides with Sylvia?
The breeze sent a thrill chasing through my balls with its cooling breath.
"Now, pick up that camera again, and continue filming my body. Show how much you admire it. Use the camera to make love to it."
She puffed out her impressive chest. Her nipples pointed forwards like stubby bullets. Everything about that woman's body was captivating. I let the camera roam over it from every angle, to highlight her wonderful curves. She purred at the attention. When I sank to my knees, she parted her feet and let me zoom into her crotch.
I took her hand. "Come with me."
I led her round to the front of the Land Rover and perched the camera on its bonnet, checking its field of view.
I moved her a few feet away then moved behind her and cupped her breasts. They rose like two heavy, water-filled balloons. They moved together into two deep sacs of welcoming flesh. My thumbs flicked her nipples. She groaned loudly. "Oh, you have a wonderful touch. But enough of this, we must get on. Turn off the camera and come and give me a hand."
She dragged me by hand to the rear door of the vehicle and opened it. She pulled away an old grey blanket.
"I want to ride this."
I stared disbelievingly, stupefied. There was the dildo saddle that Sylvia had told me she had had decommissioned.
"But, how did you get hold of this?"
Her eyes gleamed. "Rita told me that Sylvia had asked her to destroy it. She told me what Sylvia had done with it. I stopped her from destroying it. I saw an opportunity to get closer to Sylvia. I wanted to share in my daughter's experience by riding it myself. That is why I need you to furnish the proof of that. This will bring us back together."
I stared at her in astonishment. My cock began bouncing crazily, at the very notion of that astonishingly erotic body pivoting on that unforgiving monster. Whereas Sylvia's body had been light and easily manoeuvrable, I could not envisage Ruby's much more impressive but heavier frame adapting so easily in motion to the vagaries of the dildo's angles of penetration. She would have to be extraordinarily fit to emerge from the experience unscathed.
Ruby stared down at my prancing cock. There could be no disguising my extreme arousal.
I had to warn her nevertheless. "Do you know how Sylvia felt after that ride? She said she felt that her vagina was red raw inside. She promised me sex as a thank you, but I could tell that she wasn't up to it. That was the last time I saw her. I could see at the time that it would hurt her far too much to be penetrated again so soon after that test of endurance. She spent a long time planning that ride, but told me afterwards that she would never risk it again."
Ruby gripped my arms fiercely. Her breathing was coming quicker, almost like panting. "I've thought of little else since Rita told me about it. Sebastian doesn't know what I have planned. He offered to take me with him on his trip and put us up in a luxury hotel. But this was more important to me. I stayed behind to replicate Sylvia's ride. I hoped that you would help me. I need this."
I so wanted to share Ruby's erotic experience, to feast voyeuristically on the sight of her auto-erotic experience. Yet I foresaw the physical dangers to her sexual organ. I needed to be sure that she had no reservations about me.
"But Ruby, you were rude to me on the phone. How did you expect to gain my co-operation after your coldness to me?"
Her eyes gleamed again in triumph. "That was the ultimate test, of your resilience to my provocation. You took it on the chin, and here you are. Sylvia told me you were reliable. She could trust you, whatever it took to upset you. That is what I wanted: someone reliable and trustworthy."
"Why are you so sure I'll help you now?"
She laughed. "You're naked, aren't you? You've had the privilege of admiring my stunning body. Yes, I know how much men lust after me, so does Sebastian. I can feel your lust; you can't disguise it. At the end of it all, my precious man, your cock will 'dicktate' to you. Now, kiss me, I know you want to."
How could I refuse this utterly alluring, sexy, naked, siren? My body trembled with desire, and my heart pounded in anticipation of a visual feast of pornographic action.
I decided that I also had the green light to take advantage, to press my body against that marvel of feminine creation. I took it. Her firm mildly yielding flesh felt sensational against mine. She was rigid at first, then she seemed to melt physically into my embrace. My heart sang at her corresponding press of that warm, yielding body against my craving form. My hands roamed freely across her smooth, firm back. They explored the inclines of her perfect hips, and revelled in the superb sensation of those large, firm bottom cheeks.
She clung to me and sighed as I explored and caressed her. She was breathing heavily. I could tell that she was as aroused as me. We kissed, and it felt totally naturally an unforced. She pulled her had back and stared into my eyes.
"You're different, just as Sylvia had said. Sebastian is confident. He doesn't see the need to arouse me. I'll come if I'm aroused enough; otherwise, it's my loss. He's a very sexy man, but sometimes I want a man with a more feminine side."
"I moved back a pace. "You think I'm effeminate?"
She chuckled disarmingly and embraced my body again. "No, not at all, but most men have both male and feminine sides. That is what makes family-oriented men stayers and breadwinners. It also makes for considerate lovers. Take that as a compliment.
"But there's no denying your masculinity. You'd like to force your dick inside me, wouldn't you? You must be bursting with enough man juice to splatter my womb head. But you will behave like the perfect gentleman that you are, and assist me with this massive adventure. Nothing must detract from its impact on my body"
My senses reeled from an overdose of premature hormonal release. My heart beat like a bass drum, but with the tempo of a snare. I was hyper-aroused. I wanted this larger-than-life woman's body like no other before. Yet, she wasn't offering it to me. I would have to accept the second-best offer of voyeuring it whilst I filmed her vagina being super-teased by that monster of a dildo on that erotic saddle.
"You've inspired me, Simon. Now, get dressed, then film me getting onto my saddle for - literally - the ride of a lifetime."
She was suddenly practical and distant, but I lamely accepted it. I'd got the message: I could look, but her body was out of bounds.
"I'll stay naked, but I promise not to touch you unbidden."
My hands shook as I filmed Ruby's magnificent, unclad bottom rising over that horse. The muscles in her long, strong, elegant legs strained as she hoisted her free leg over Marshi's back. The camera recorded faithfully the explicit presentation of her stretched vulva, open to clear view as she lowered her bottom to that saddle. It captured in fine detail the kiss of her prominent. glistening lips on the saddle before her crotch and buttocks seated themselves onto the leather surface. All of her looked larger than life when compared with Sylvia, and twice as arousing. She positioned her pubic region behind the dildo, just as Sylvia had done. But that made the sight all the more pornographic and erotic.
"I'm told I must acclimatise my naked body to this saddle before I mount the dildo. Keep a watchful eye on me to ensure that I don't come to harm."
She shot me a glance that betrayed her fear of the unknown. I realised in that moment that this was a step way outside her comfort zone. She was either showing solidarity with her daughter, or perhaps competing with her. And I was the agent chosen to effect it.
I continued to film her as she squeezed Marshi's rump with her inner thighs and positively purred, "Walk on."
The mare responded as dutifully as she had done for Sylvia. It was as if she remembered that previous experience and understood her responsibility to walk steadily to protect her mount.
Honey whinnied, as if in complaint that yet again, she was being overlooked for attention.
The horses set off at a gentle pace, stepping carefully to ensure the safety of their riders. I marvelled, as before, at their discipline. It allowed me the freedom of movement to film Ruby's amazing, tanned body jogging up and down with Marshi's steady tread. My balls were again taking a pounding from my seat on Honey's saddle, but the sensations in my engorged cock were energising my body with sexual arousal.
Finally, Ruby halted her horse. She took a deep breath. "I think it's about here that Sylvia would have done the deed. Bring that camera in close. I want Sylvia to see what I am doing to show solidarity with her."
She dismounted, sliding her naked body down against Marshi's flanks until her feet touched the hard-packed earth.
I dismounted as well and filmed her in close-up from below, climbing up onto Marshi again, exposing her sexy undercarriage for the camera, then gingerly lowering her torso down until her pussy lips brushed against the bulbous head of the dildo. I didn't realise that I was holding my breath, spellbound, until I needed to question her some more; all the details had yet to be disclosed.
"How did you know so much about Sylvia's ride?"
In response, she slid down again from Marshi and stood facing me. This was evidently an important issue for Ruby to explain without distraction.
"Rita described the video to me, in great detail. There are things you don't know about Sylvia, which I now think you should. Rita was my friend first, before she got close to my daughter. She's in her mid-forties. She's bi-sexual, but with an acquired animosity towards men. She befriended Sylvia with a willing ear, to listen to Sylvies' problems. Her motives were noble, but the two became intimate. For some reason it helped Sylvia face up to her problems with orgasms."
"She didn't tell me that. Did she orgasm with Rita?"
"No, her basic problem was not physical, but probably up in here. Sylvia would not face up to the probable causes of her lack of orgasms, so she never sought expert advice."
Ruby tapped the side of her forehead. "But this is distracting us from my movie. I can't think about these things whilst on Marshi. Let me concentrate now on getting this thing inside me."
She waited until I had turned on the camera again, then gently fisted the upstanding dildo for visual impact and focus.
She mounted Marshi once more, pausing for the required crotch shot hovering above the dildo. My body trembled all over again. Her pussy was sodden with her juices, which deepened the hue of her generous brown labial flaps. Her vulva was the most captivating sight ever to me at that moment.
"I'm doing this for you, Sylvia," she called out, with a tremulous voice.
As she impaled her vaginal portal on the dildo, she moaned loudly.
She sat for a moment looking down at her crotch, contemplating the monstrous instrument now lodged high up inside her. The dildo no longer obstructed the camera's view of her pubic region.
She turned her head to look into the lens.
"My heart is pounding. I'm about to set off on the ride of a lifetime, at least for me. I can feel this huge object inside me. It may not be the biggest dildo ever, but it feels like its substance has expanded inside me to press against the enshrouding wall of my vagina."
I felt obliged to make an observation. "You do realise that it was made to measure by and for Sylvia's specific internal dimensions?"
Ruby grinned. "I do know that, and I'm sure I've taken bigger cocks inside me than Sylvia, no offence to you intended.
"Now, to test it in action... walk on."
Marshi turned her head to regard her rider suspiciously. It seemed that the mare had not entirely reconciled herself to this saddle, despite the untroubled experience with Sylvia on her back.
The air was still, and I thought I could detect a scent, perhaps of hormones on the air. I angled the camera down on Ruby's pubis. The leather of the saddle around the base of the dildo was again a darker colour from vaginal juices, which graphically illustrated the arousal provoked by that obscene instrument.
As if having contemplated the risks and adjudged them safe, Marshi at last set off at a sedate walk. The effect on Ruby was immediate. She was much more animated than her daughter had been.
"Oh my god!" she exclaimed. "Oh! That feels strange. The dildo is pressing against the muscles on one side of my vagina. Now it's pressing the other side, Oh, I can't control it, oh, oh..."
I filmed her face. Her exquisite features were contorted, as her mind tried to make sense of the complex sensations in her groin. "It isn't at all like masturbating," she observed, as she winced. "That - thing - presses in any direction it wants; it's quite unforgiving. How ever did dear Sylvie cope with it, ohhhhh!"
Her breathing intensified, as much out of apprehension as arousal. My erection strained and my heart pounded at the eroticism of what I was seeing. Ruby's large breasts were rising and falling hypnotically, and her hips rocked forwards and back as she anticipated Marshi's strides. She tried time and again to position her vagina at the optimum angle to withstand the unpredictable lateral inclinations of the thrusting dildo inside her.
Her posture was stiff at first, then after a few moments, her body appeared to relax. She straightened her legs and lifted her bottom in the saddle, to let it fall again on the next stride. "Ooooh," she moaned, "that's good. Ohhhhh..."
She allowed her body to rise and fall, increasing the friction inside her, and amplifying her vaginal sensations. Her powerful body was struggling to maintain its firm core. Whilst not exactly limp, it seemed to allow the mare to dictate how it moved in reaction to the horse's strides. Her wonderfully strong frame looked somehow less in control than Sylvia's. Ruby was concentrating her attention on the impact the dildo was having inside her vagina, at the expense of her posture. It looked on the screen as if she was in thrall to that monster rammed up inside her. It was an astonishingly arousing look.
"Oh, it's so good - when you get used to it - It's like a rogue cock - doing what it will to me - I can't control it - I'm under Marshi's control - and this fucking - ha! - silicone monster!" Her tone rose in cadence as she temporarily surrendered all bodily control to those alien forces.
"There's something stirring in my belly. Butterflies, no, it's a mini whirlwind - it's - it's - churning my insides - it's going to erupt - I can feel it - gathering -"
Her words alarmed and aroused me in equal measure. Her description sounded intense, somewhat extreme. Sylvia's orgasm had appeared to have begun, innocuously, and built to an ultimate eruption. Yet Ruby's body was processing her internal reactions quite differently. She had no mental hangups. She was evidently attuned to easy orgasms, but not to the extreme friction being caused by this silicone super phallus.
"Ruby, are you alright?"
"Goodness, yes, I'm feeling beyond alright. I've never felt so good. Trot on, Marshi."
The mare pricked up her ears, hearing her name amongst what must have been a wall of garbled noises. She picked up her steps into a sedate trot. Ruby let out a whoop of surprise at the effect it had throughout her vagina. "Oh, are you getting all this, Simon? It's starting, it's building up to a big one, I can feel it.
"This huge. Shape-shifting - bloated cock - is compressing my tube. It's filling me with - false love - it's fucking me - oh, it's so magnificently - punishing my pussy."
She was rocking her upper body back and forwards now, almost in synch with the up and downwards bounce of her bottom on the saddle and the rub of the dildo against her vaginal walls. Her breathing was getting more laboured. The camera faithfully recorded her stunning upper body coming alive with animation. Her breasts pushed out and upwards, stretching their pear drop shapes into magnificently firm globes of flesh.
The sight was making my cock shaft tingle. Ther was an unaccustomed warmth suffusing the insides of my belly. I was enjoying a passive glow in the absence of any physical stimulus - my hands were fully occupied with the camera and reins.
Another groan joined Ruby's cries. It was me, savouring the tremblings in my penis and powerless to do anything about it. No artificial sex stage show could possibly compete with the raw sexuality of this auto-erotic self-fucking by dildo on horseback.
Ruby's wails increased in volume. She was unrestrained now in her responses to her building climax. The rocky outcrop, our destination, was in sight. Her body's inexorable ascent to a climax was well-timed. Her chest, and her back between her shoulder blades, reddened with a hot flush as her hormones took control. "I'm coming, Simon, I'm coming, oh fuck! oh, fuck! oh, FUCKKK!"
She shouted vehemently as the climax finally struck. Her sounds echoed amongst the trees and against the approaching rock face. Her first orgasm appeared to paralyse her body in a rigid posture, just like Rita's grounded climax had. Ruby's legs were straightened in the stirrups, pushing her bottom up and out of the saddle. Her crotch appeared to hover halfway up the shaft of the dildo. Her mouth emitted a guttural moan, then let out gasp after gasp of orgasmic exhalation. I filmed it all from the rear, then moved beside her. Her face was wrinkled from a myriad of frown lines, and bright red. I feared that she might be having a stroke or worse. Then she let rip a huge gasp, her body relaxed and her torso dropped onto the silicone shaft with an accompanying groan.
Marshi had halted whilst this orgasmic tidal wave wracked the body of her mistress. She turned her head to observe Ruby's bodily movements. Deciding that there would be no immediate command to resume her trot, she stood motionless. That summed up the scene: horse, naked rider and artificial penis in perfect post-coital harmony.
But Ruby's body wasn't finished with its reaction to that remorseless alien stimulus. Her legs pushed her torso up and down on the phallus with an urgency bred of awareness of a strictly one-time offer. Her loins milked the shaft of every millimetre of frictional contact. Wave after wave of climax followed in what seemed like a remorseless surge of energy. It looked as if Ruby's frame might fail her under this tidal wave of orgasms. Then it subsided, and her body fell motionless on the saddle.
Her upper body slumped forward in exhaustion along the horse's neck. She relinquished the reins and appeared to hug Marshi's neck. I filmed the new tableau, my cock straining with heightened arousal at the sight of a large breast dangling from the nearside of the horse's neck. I moved round Marshi's front and filmed the other tit, for symmetry. I paused filming and dismounted.
My own crotch felt red raw from my saddle. I wondered how Ruby's felt, having been impaled on an unforgiving intrusion.
I resumed the recording as I reached out to her prone form. She stirred at my free hand on her back and raised her head, smiling dreamily at me.
"That was truly magnificent. Rita and Sylvie are so clever."
I laid the camera carefully on a nearby tree stump, out of harm's way, and held out my arms. Ruby gratefully leant over towards me and let me take her weight as she almost fell out of the saddle. It was wonderful to feel her firm flesh against mine but her body was quite heavy. I was relieved to be able to set her down on her feet, but those few moments of taking her naked weight thrilled my loins. She was quite a woman, a real woman in every sense.
She clung to me then, for support, I guess. Her hard body pressed against mine. It felt like she was seeking emotional support from the communion of her body with mine. My hands marvelled at the firmness and immensity of feeling, of her Amazonian body; muscles and sinews in such a large, compacted form. That flesh-to-flesh contact was sending my male hormones crazy with desire.
For a moment an eerie silence descended on the natural world around us, as if all was marking this momentous event. Into that silence, the whine and click of the camera's auto-stop signalled the end of the recording and a checkpoint in our horseback adventure.
Ruby was a real, larger than life and beautiful woman, in every sense. I couldn't imagine any woman being or looking any sexier than she. Her experience had driven all imperious posturing out of her body. She was relaxed, looking natural, and utterly desirable. Jealousy of Sebastian rose within me. The sandy beach and outcrop were a few yards away.
I urged Ruby to step off the rough path with me and onto the fine sand. Marshi followed docilely behind us, and Honey followed her. Ruby leant on me for support with her arm on my shoulder.
I opened the door in the outcrop. I didn't know quite what to expect in there but there was a bag just within by the entrance. It contained towels and a pack of wet wipes. I laid the towels out on the sand and helped Ruby's stiffening leg muscles to relax as I helped her lower her body to the ground. She looked to be exhausted by her physical exertions. I understood that women often felt energised by orgasms and the accompanying flush of hormones through their bodies. Yet the sheer muscle control in her thighs needed to cling to her horse and control it, had evidently enervated her muscles of all oxygen.
I fetched a water bottle from Honey's saddle bag and gave her a drink. She sipped quickly, then demanded, "Give the horses a drink."
The mares had stopped by two broad tree stumps, whose tops had been hollowed out with two deep indentations, waiting patiently for their reward.
"There are large enamel dishes in the cave," Ruby instructed.
I filled them with water and laid each in one hollow of each stump. I found two bags of diced carrots and apples and emptied their contents into the second hollows. This couple knew how to look after their beloved steeds.
Then I lay down beside Ruby. She lay on her back, her legs spread unladylike-wide. Her body looked larger than life and quite magnificent. Her breasts had barely spread, mostly retaining the firmness of their underlying muscles. I could not resist kissing her. I wouldn't have dreamt of doing that when I first arrived that morning. I had imagined a fierce dragon of a woman then. The reality had proven to be quite different. Ruby was a stunning larger lady; with a firm body most women would die for. There was little if any surplus fat on her large frame. Her flesh was smooth, and mostly unblemished, considering her probable age. It bore barely a blemish from her recent endurance. I found my stomach fluttering inside with desire to consummate my bodily communion with her flesh. I yearned to fuck her senseless.
I leant over her, my chest brushing her nipples. Our lips met; she had been waiting for my advance. She seemed to welcome it. Her hands clasped the sides of my head. Suddenly we were embracing and kissing furiously. After a couple of minutes, I pulled away, breathless.
"How do you feel - down there?"
She said nothing whilst she ran an internal diagnostic. "I feel wonderful inside, fulfilled as never before; and no man's cock was harmed in the making of my orgasm."
"Only an artificial one?"
She chuckled, recovering her composure. "Only one was necessary. It was less an orgasm, and more like a sensory explosion. It lasted a long time and was the most intense, ever. It made me forget the rawness in my vagina."
She propped her upper body on her elbows and stared at my cock. She reached out and stroked it. "He deserves his reward, for your sterling support. I couldn't - wouldn't - have done it without you. But my pussy feels red raw inside."
"How does your clit feel?"
"It feels fine. I think it's - tingling. You can kiss it if you like."
"But I hardly know you."
She chuckled. "You know more about my body than even Sebastian, now. He's an action man. I have to persuade him make sure I'm aroused before sex. But you, dear boy, show all the signs of being a good lover, or so Rita said. Tell me, did you fuck her?"
"Do I have no secrets left?"
"Your reputation precedes you. I know, for instance, that you're a confirmed voyeur. I'm told that Sylvie quickly guessed that, and played on it to seduce you, even though she knew that she could not have an orgasm. I'm sure you can get ample reward from my body without fucking me."
I checked her expression, to see whether she was serious. She smiled at me, dreamily. She pushed up her hips, opening up her vulva, in a gesture of enticement.
"I'm told I have a beautiful pussy. What do you think?"
"They are not wrong. It is a captivating pussy, and you display it so enticingly. It makes me want to worship it."
I needed no further inducement. I moved down between her legs and kissed her clitoris. She gasped appreciatively. Her lips were still moist from her lubrication, or perhaps it was a fresh secretion? I studied her dark brown labial flaps. They were fulsome, wrinkled, enticing and full of chracter. I ran a fingertip all around their rims.
Ruby sighed. "Surprisingly, I haven't lost my sensitivity in my labia. Mmmm, I guessed you would have magic fingers."
I played with her clit, which was stiff again. It seemed that Ruby was easy to arouse. She thrust her hips upwards in encouragement. That move sent a shiver down from my chest to my belly. I so wanted to fuck her, but I daren't cause her any discomfort. So I set about exploring and drinking in the wondrous details of her body with my eyes. Her belly was flat and firm to the touch. She flexed her muscles there as my fingers explored it. She was paying me a compliment of acknowledging my exploration. Her reaction was arousing in itself. I explored her thighs, whilst she lay with her eyes lazily following my course. Her legs were long and firm. I sensed great power throughout her body, which excited me all the more. Here was a woman with whom to indulge in muscular sexual foreplay.
I dipped my head to tongue her clit. It felt large and swollen against my tongue. She rocked her hips in encouragement. My hands searched above my head beyond her groin for her breasts, as my oral play continued. Her mounds felt so much bigger and sensational through the sensory connection of touch alone. That provoked a charged reaction inside me. Ruby moaned encouragement. She liked having her breasts manhandled. I moved up her body to pay oral attention to her nipples.
That provoked a whimper of surrender, a curious sound from such a powerful body. I knew than that Ruby could be putty in my hands, on demand whenever I wanted, if the opportunity were to arise. Of that I was certain.
I cupped those breasts together, played with those mounds with one hand, and brought myself to the lower reaches of climax with the other. My body hungered for physical relief. I could think of no sexier body to ogle whilst I obtained it.
The moment for relief could no longer be delayed. I stood up over her, a foot placed either side of her waist. She stared up at me in anticipation, her lips slightly parted in expectation. I seized my cock in one hand, and cupped my balls in the other, and I pumped my shaft as I stared down at that vision of superbly mature womanhood. Her eyes widened as she stared up at the underside of my shaft. Her tongue pushed out from between her lips. Her fingers slipped to her clit. I let go of my balls and felt them dangle and bounce animatedly. She chuckled at that visual delight. My fistings increased in speed and firmness as my body started to muster its forces for my explosion. I wanted to prolong it, though, because the sight of her body was enthralling me.
She got up onto her knees, her mouth opened invitingly. I stared down at her face below me and her magnificent breasts below that. They quivered with more than just incidental movement. Ruby clearly liked a variety of sexual connections.
Her fingering of her clit was speeding up. She might have been starved of sex for all the sudden ferocity of her fingers. I stared, mesmerised as her breasts shook to her vigorous wrist movements. My mind was being overwhelmed by visual inputs now. So was hers. She stared fixedly at my thickened cock and my bouncing balls below. She cupped them and moaned.
I resumed my fistings, and quickly felt my balls tightening, and tinglings along my shaft. My internal maelstrom of sensations was quickly building to a crescendo. Ruby's eyes had shut as she concentrated all her senses on what was about to be delivered. I wanted her to watch me though. I began to gasp and moan loudly. Her eyes shot open and she stared transfixed as my cries increased in volume, the closer I came to my climax. I didn't want that feeling of anticipation to pass, but my body was past my active control. My orgasm struck with intense heat and ferocity. I gasped at its intensity as my sperm spurted out to splash on her lower face as she quickly took my cock into her mouth. She sucked on it as on a lollipop, swallowing copious surges of man juice. Her mouth made deep swallowing sounds as if downing a pint of beer.
With her mouth clamped around my shaft she orgasmed, emitting a muffled cry sounding somewhere between anguish and exhilaration. It went on for several seconds, whilst I continued to frig my cock and empty my reservoirs. I stopped pumping. She fell silent and stared up at me in awe.
"No man has ever done that to me like that. How did you know about it?"
"You mean standing up and pumping it into you? I didn't think. Your body was my inspiration. I can feel your intense sexuality. It spurred me on to act as I felt.
"How do men normally deliver sperm to your mouth?"
She grimaced. "It used to be fun, at first. But at seemingly endless sex parties, I was always expected to do all the work. We women can be treated like men's pawns with sex, or slaves to do men's bidding."
I knelt across her middle, my knees under her arms. My limp cock lying on her abdomen, up towards her breasts. I lowered my head and our lips met. On much later reflection, this was to prove one of the most exciting sexual encounters of my life. We kissed voraciously, but now it was an expression of mutual thanks and appreciation.
My view of Ruby had changed utterly. Her prim outer appearance belied a sexy core. Her reference to sex slavery was perhaps a colourful depiction of sexual adventures which perhaps Sebastian had forced upon her. I suspected that Sylvia had not known of this recently emerging side of her mother. Would she have approved, I wondered?
"I think it's time for a cooling dunking in the lake," I suggested.
She chuckled and offered me her hands, to be helped to her feet. We strolled down the short beach to the lake water, hand in hand. The shallows were warm from the sun's rays. The glittering liquid swirled around our ankles, then calves, sensuously, as the lake welcomed two spent lovers to revive their spent flesh in its restorative depths.
We lazed in the crystal-clear water, lying on our backs. My cock soon rose half erect above the surface. Ruby's magnificent breasts thrust upwards imperiously like twin peaks in a half-submerged mountain range. We stood up in the shallows then, and clasped our bodies together again. My hands roamed her firm bottom cheeks and thrilled anew at her wonderfully stimulating anatomy.

~*~*~

As we dried our bodies on the beach I remarked, "I can't ride Honey back to the Land Rover. I'm too raw down there."
"Nor can I," Rubby concurred. "You do know, don't you that Sebastian and I are nudists?"
"Yes, Sylvia told me. She wasn't happy about it."
"Hm. She came home one Friday afternoon and found us naked working in the vegetable garden. Some of the hands were naked with us. She was shocked. Sebastian insisted on remaining naked that evening, and tried to persuade her to undress. She consented, in the kitchen as we were getting ready for dinner. He complimented her on her breasts, which he said were superbly firm. Then, unthinkingly, he reached for her clitoris. It was presumptuous. He had an erection. She was so shocked that she gathered her clothes and stormed up to her bedroom. She went home a few minutes later. That was the confirmation of the rot in our relationship."
"How often do you strip off?"
"Undress, please, not strip. It isn't sexual. We do it when we feel like it, when it's warm, for instance."
"You say the farmhands don't mind. Does it feel natural when they're watching you?"
"I don't mind it now. The first few times, I got embarrassed. One young man commented enthusiastically in the garden about my body. Sebastian told him to wank off, and get over it. To my astonishment, he did, staring at my body all the time.
"When we produced our first grape harvest and brewed white wine, we took it in turns to stomp the grapes in a big vat Sebastian had shipped over from France. Sebastian insisted that everyone get naked to do it, and take it in turns to tread the grapes. Two young hands got frisky whilst treading grapes together and had sex doggy style in the vat.
"Another man took advantage of Sebastian's absence from the barn and fucked me as well. The men were suddenly queueing up to follow him when Sebastian came back. I hadn't invited the attack, but nor did I repel it, after the young couple's display. To my surprise, Sebastian took it very well. He told me afterwards that he had had sex with many women in his past. It set the trend for future joint explorations with other couples.
"Generally, though, we are respectful of each other's bodies when naked."
"Was the wine good?"
"Like cats' pee," she giggled. "We got better at it, and the quality of the white grapes has improved immeasurably since, as has our hygiene."
I left the dildo saddle in the grotto store room. Ruby said that Rita could now decommission it since she never wanted to risk it again.
We walked the mares back to the Land Rover, still buck naked. We tied them to bush branches and cleaned their saddles before getting dressed and leading them on long reins behind the vehicle, back to the farmhouse.
I hadn't intended to stay for more than a short visit. I hadn't brought any change of clothes or even a toothbrush. Nor did I want to stay. Ruby looked disappointed, but reconciled to my decision.
"It's been an eye opener for me," she said. "My perspectives of life have changed in ways I can't begin to imagine. You and Sylvia have helped enormously with that."
I didn't understand her comment, nor did I want to explore its meaning. We hugged and kissed, and I departed. My genitals complained within my jeans, all the way home.
As I drove I pondered her astonishing departure from the image Sylvia had portrayed of a severe and protective mother, and a tough, unbending personality. I had seen behind the mask, the alternative image of a mature woman, confused by changes in her life, and coming to terms with her sexuality. Sylvia and Rita between them had altered Ruby's outlook on life. But I was left with unknowns, such as how much the unseen Sebastian had also changed her. The woman who was nudist, and not afraid to show her body to a total stranger, was clearly not the same one who had sought to protect her daughter's innocence in a previous life.
I resolved to get to know Ruby better, with or without Sebastian's acquiescence. She had hinted at liberated parties at the farmhouse. I was sure that Sebastian was neither a saint, nor a confirmed monogamist; and I suspected, neither was Ruby.
Yet I never received an invite. My relationship with Ruby was to be nipped by her, in the bud.