Edited by ~kyrie~
Three months had passed since eighteen year old Elisa's encounter with her dad. She had avoided him since then, even though she had enjoyed it very much, too much! Elisa's Dad, Jack, seemed to be avoiding her just as much as she avoided him. He knew what they had done that night had been wrong, taboo some might say.
They both stayed off the internet, scared that the other might be online and want to talk, whether Jack was at work or they were in the house. They didn't eat dinner with one another and as stated before avoided each other at all costs.
One night, Jack knocked on Elisa's shut door. She lay on her bed, studying for her Biology final and remained silent for a moment before responding.
"Come in."
Jack walked into her room after her quiet answer. He didn't look Elisa in the eye but spoke to a spot somewhere above her head.
"Eli, I'm going out for awhile. Don't stay up too late, alright?"
"Okay, Daddy."Elisa said.
She let her eyes wander down his body for a brief second before turning her attention back to the Biology book. She heard the door shut and sighed. Her Dad had gone on many dates after the incident.
Truth be told, it sparked immense jealousy within her; but she knew what she was feeling was wrong. She tried valiantly to ignore the feelings of jealousy, and had been trying to distract herself with guys her own age.
Not long ago, Elisa had started dating her best friend's brother Sean. She knew she didn't love Sean, she only loved one man. Quickly, she pushed that thought of her head. She could never be with him again like that, and they could never ever be together forever, the way she dreamed of and fantasized about when she was alone.
+++
Jack was close to his newest girlfriend's house. He had been dating quite a few women, trying to distract himself from the beauty of his daughter, how good her pussy felt as it tightened around his hard cock, how full her breasts were, how she screamed his name in innocent ecstasy.
Jack groaned in partial pleasure and partial irritation. She was his daughter, for God's sake. He couldn't believe he was turning into one of those perverts that the news reporters seemed to be talking about. Still, the fact remained that he wanted his daughter especially after that first time. He didn't regret that night one bit. God, if she had been someone else's daughter, he'd be fucking her at that moment.
Jack pulled up to Sharon's house. Sharon looked like an older version of Elisa with only one difference; Sharon was petite while Elisa was curvy in all the right places. Sharon could be mistaken for Jack's daughter. At thirty-five, she had naturally blonde hair, just like Elisa and her breasts were similar as well. It was the closest he could get to Elisa without crossing that line again.
Before Jack could get out of the car and knock on the door, Sharon bounced out of house.
"Jack!!"
She squealed and Jack smiled. He got out of the car and opened the door for her.
"I'm so excited, where are you going to take me?"Her voice reflected her natural cheerfulness.
"I was thinking about taking you dancing, babe."Jack said
"Oh, dancing?! Really? I love dancing!"Sharon said
Jack laughed,"That's why I'm taking you."
+++
Elisa's studies had been interrupted by her daydreams. Her day dreams were suddenly interrupted by the ringing of her cell phone. What delicious daydreams they had been too.
"Hello?"She mumbled with a yawn.
"Hey babe, it's me Sean."
Elisa bit back a groan and answered as enthusiastically as she could.
"Hi baby! What's up?"
"Well, I was thinking that even though I'm away, it doesn't mean we can't have a little fun. Turn your webcam on babe and I'll instant message you."
Elisa was silent for a minute. She hadn't been on any of the chat browsers since the incident with her dad three months ago.
"Please, baby?"Sean whined.
Elisa signed on.
Sean wrote," Hey babe."
"Hi Sean."
" Gunna turn it on now Elisa?"
"Yeah, hold on a sec Sean." Elisa really wasn't into it tonight, but she'd try. Anything to get her mind off what her father might be doing with his new girlfriend right this minute and Elisa's wish that it were her instead.
Elisa turned on her webcam, showing that she was in a naughty little see through pj. Her nipples were poking out as tons of other instant messages began to pop up. She had forgotten how fun exhibition was.
" Mmm, baby you look so hot. Your dad isn't home is he?"
Elisa had to be careful not to display her true feelings on that matter.
"No, he's on a date with Sharon again Sean."
" Mmm, babe, do me a favor?"
She knew what was coming;, it was what Sean always wanted.
" Touch yourself for me baby girl, I wanna see you cum."
Elisa only hesitated for a second. She thought about the times she'd masturbated on cam with her dad watching. Slowly she slid the little pj's down. Her nipples hardening even more as the cool air caressed the little peaks.
She waited for Sean to type something but he never did. Maybe he was waiting for her to do something, so she did. She grabbed her breasts and squeezed them, gasping slightly. She closed her eyes and imagined her dad was in the room watching her touch herself, wishing that she could stop being so shy and just talk to him, kiss him, touch him. With these thoughts in mind her hand slid down her stomach and into her panties as her mouth slightly opened.
"Daddy."Elisa whimpered
++++
Jack staggered into the house, almost as drunk as a giggling Sharon that followed behind him. He bumped into a chair and cursed loudly without stopping to consider that Elisa might be asleep.
Sharon continued to giggle and then whispered in his ear,
"Take me Jack. I want to fuck you, now!"
Jack smirked, he was horny as hell and didn't give a damn, how she asked for it.
"You want to fuck me eh?" He asked chuckling, "Well, I'll just have to arrange that won't I?"Jack pulled Sharon close to him and kissed her passionately as they moved towards the couch.
Jack unzipped her short skirt and immediately started rubbing her pussy.
"Mmm, no panties. What a naughty girl."Jack murmured in her ear as she began to unzip his pants.
"Your daughter isn't awake is she?"Sharon asked as she pulled his pants down.
"No, she normally goes to sleep by 9 and it's 10 now."Jack said
They were both oblivious to Elisa watching from the staircase. She had come out of her room to grab some whip cream to cover her tits with and possibly a banana. Seeing her dad with another women wounded her to the core. She could only stand and stare as his newest conquest was going down on him.
Jack had the feeling someone was watching them and looked towards the staircase. Sharon began to suck him., he moaned softly starring up at his daughter's bare chest, Thinking it was just his wild imagination fueled by the amount of vodka he'd consumed, Jack gave no thought to halting Sharon's mouth wrapped around his throbbing cock.
"God, yeah Sharon make me cum,"he moaned
Sharon's head continued to bob up and down. He didn't need to fantasize about his daughter any longer, not when he had Elisa's carbon copy in Sharon. The only difference was that Elisa played with his balls while Sharon did not. Oh how he loved when Elisa played with his balls, squeezed them, licked them.Fuck, just thinking about it turned him on.His breathing became faster as Sharon continuously sucked and flicked her tongue over his cock.
Elisa just stood there watching, unable to move. She closed her eyes and imagined herself in this woman, Sharon's place. She imagined sucking him off until he came in her mouth hard. She imagined her Daddy cumming so much it spilled out of his mouth, sliding over her chin to pool between her breasts.
Slowly Elisa walked back to her bedroom, turned off the computer and lay down on her bed,. Moving her fingers toward her pussy as she listened to the moans coming from downstairs. She began to finger herself moaning softly, "Daddy...."
Jack pulled out of Sharon's mouth then turned them around so that he was on top. She gave him a confused look,.
"Sorry, babe I like to be on top. Maybe next time I'll let you take control."Jack said then plunged into Sharon, imagining it was Elisa's pussy.
It wasn't as tight as Elisa's was, obviously Sharon had sex very often. He continued to plunge inside her imagining it was as tight as Elisa's pussy.. He banged her harder and faster making Sharon moan even louder. Jack bent his head down so that he could suck on her tits, pulling on them, kneading them, squeezing them mercilessly.
"Oh, god! Jack, feels so good...."Sharon said between moans.
Jack imagined it was Elisa's calm voice and not the perky voice of Sharon.
"You like my big cock inside you baby girl?"He asked and he slowed down some then sped up, switching between speeds.
"God, yes!"Sharon screamed,"I love when you fuck me, Jack."
Jack didn't respond, instead all he did was move his mouth from her tit to her neck sucking and nibbling on it, still plunging deep inside of her hitting her womb.
"Fuck, baby! I'm so fucking close."Jack moaned
"They both came together, moaning and writhing on the couch. Jack got up immediately, pulling Sharon up with him.
"Come on baby, let's get showered."
Elisa could hear their moans and with every loud moan her fingers moved faster deep inside her pussy.
"Daddy, I'm so close! Fuck me harder!!"She whimpered before grabbing her dildo from her drawer and pushing it inside her pussy.
"Yeah, that's it daddy! Fuck your little girl!!"Elisa cried out.
She hadn't realized that the screams and moans had stopped long ago, Nor did she hear her bedroom door open slightly. Elisa grabbed her breasts and squeezed them as she continued to fuck herself.
"Oh, God...daddy fuck me, fuck me good. I wanna be your cumslut again!"She whimpered.
Finally she came and fell into a deep sleep. Jack walked over to her bed, starring down at her splayed wide legged on her bed, her hand still cupping her mound. He had tried not to think of the night he had fucked her, it had been impossible.
Jack found his hand reaching down to cup her mound over her hand. He squeezed slightly, watching her face closely. Slowly, sleepily, Elisa opened her eyes and smiled. After this night, there would be no more need for Sharon, or Sean, or anyone else, ever.