I'm a 34 year old woman and I spend a lot of time alone. My husband works in the travel business and is away a lot. I spend a lot of nights curled up on the sofa watching a movie. I also masturbate a lot to combat the loneliness. One night I was watching a movie where the main character was in a hotel room and having sex in front of the windows, it was a very sexy scene. In truth, I'm an exhibitionist at heart. When I was single, I'm sure I was seen having sex in a few places. What's the old saying, young and dumb.
Well fast forward 15 years, I've calmed down a bit, but I do however still get the urge to show off a little now and again. Watching this movie gave me a crazy idea. I had nothing to do, it was 7pm, and I was bored out of my mind. About a year ago we stayed at a Hilton that is about 10 miles from our house. We were having our house painted and needed to be out of the way for a couple of days. We stayed in the suite and it overlooked the city, and if I remembered correctly, there were some apartments near by. I grabbed a few things that I thought I would need and headed over.
I checked into a suite on the 10th floor and went to my room. It wasn't the same room, but very similar. The big difference was, this one had a giant 2 person jacuzzi in the corner of the room. I walked over to the windows and opened the curtains. In front of me were floor to ceiling windows that looked out at one of the apartment buildings that I remembered from our last visit. What I didn't remember was how close they actually were. I could actually see the people in their apartment's.
I opened the bottle of wine that I brought with me and ran the tub to fill it. I also brought a little pot with me to help lower my inhibitions. While I was waiting, I lit up and smoked a little, then poured myself a nice glass of wine. The pot hit me right away and I was feeling really relaxed and horny. I walked over to the open windows, stood in front of them and started to strip. I took off my pants and my shirt, then just stood there letting the wine and pot do it's thing. If anyone at all was looking at the hotel, I was surely on display. I finished stripping and made my way to the Jacuzzi.
I grabbed a small vibrator on the way to the tub. I stayed in there for about 20 minutes or so just enjoying myself. I was careful not to have an orgasm because I had other plans for that, this was just to get me super horny, and it did the trick. At this point I was feeling really good. I was high, a little drunk and horny as fuck! I got out of the tub, dried myself off and dragged a chair over to right in front of the window. I got my rather large sized dildo and some lube, then made my way back to the chair.
I sat down, put one leg over each arm and squirted some lube into my hand. I started to rub my pussy and made it as wet and slippery as I could. I was now in front of the window, completely spread open and inserting my dildo. If anyone was watching, they were getting a really good show. I was hoping there was, but I was too lost in my feelings to even look. I was really, really horny at this point. I sat there fucking myself for a while, just enjoying every push in and pull out, I felt amazing. I opened my eyes and had a realization. I was doing this hoping to be seen, but there was one problem, I had the lights off.
I got up, walked over to the wall and turned on every light in the suite. Now I was truly on display. I grabbed my favorite, and most powerful vibrator on the way. I decided to try something a little different this time. I stuck the dildo directly onto the window, I lubed it up again and backed into it. I was getting doggy fucked by my dildo, and my ass was slamming against the window. What a site that somebody was probably watching. While I was fucking my dildo, I grabbed my vibrator and put right on my clit, it didn't take long for my first orgasm of the night. I'm a bit of a squirter, so as I was cuming, I was dripping everywhere.
I finally came enough for me to stand up and slid my friend out of my pussy, but I was far from done. I went over to the bed, took off the covers and laid on my stomach. I slid my vibrator underneath and went to work on my clit again. My husband loves to watch me masturbate this way because he likes to watch my ass hump up and down as I ride my vibrator, so I thought if I had an audience, I might as well let them watch too. I came again and got the bed pretty wet, so I decided to play in the tub some more. I turned it on to warm it up again. As I was waiting, I had a great idea.
I walked over to the door, opened it and put a trash can in front to keep it open. From the door, you couldn't quite see the tub. I walked back to the tub, turned it off and got back in. I had my vibrator on low and was just enjoying myself. the thought of me playing with myself while people walked by was making me over the top horny again. As I was on the edge of having an orgasm, I heard people out in the hallway, not more than 15 feet away. I turned it on high as I heard them getting closer. I heard a young girls voice say, "who would leave their door open like that?" Little did she know I was 15 feet away having a massive orgasm.
At this point I was thinking of my girlfriend Sue. Sue was a free spirit and was not married. We often talk about sex because one, she's always frustrated and horny, and two, we've known each other since we were very young. The first time we both masturbated as kids, we did it together. We only did it together like 3 times because we quickly realized, It was something better done alone. But over the years, Sue has been with both men and women. I was thinking of her because I often wonder how sex with her would be. I've never been with a woman, but I would definitely have sex with Sue, no question about it.
I knew if I told her about what I was doing, she would definitely want to join me. I was actually considering telling her, and thinking about what I would say to her was making me horny all over again. Something about her cute petite little body and small tits turns me on.
I decided one more show in front of the window was needed for my mystery audience. I grabbed my dildo, walked in front of the window, squated down a little and inserted it into my pussy. I was squatting and fucking my dildo until I came like a fountain.
I decided to sleep there that night, so I crawled my naked, worn out pussy to the bed, closed my eyes and fell into a deep fantasy filled, drunk sleep. I woke up the next morning and felt great. I was still naked and the windows were still wide open. I felt that I might as well have one more orgasm for the road, so I put the bottoms of my feet together, spread my legs apart and fingered myself to my final orgasm, no toys needed. I showered and headed home.
When I got home, I immediately called Sue. I told her exactly what I did, only I told her it was in a movie I watched last night, just to get her reaction. She absolutely loved it, she insisted I tell her the movie. I said I forgot and would let her know. I was amazed at how she wouldn't let it go. She kept saying what a great idea that was, and she might just try it, and so on. she was so crazy about it, I finally fessed up about it. At first she told me I was full of shit, but I eventually got her to believe me. Just as I had figured, she wanted for us to do it together. I saw this as my chance to possibly have sex with her, or worst case scenario, I would at least be able to watch her masturbate again like the old days. I agreed and we made plans for the following week.