This is the second part of the story. If you haven't read Part One, yet, then please do. You'll understand this part easier.
*****
"So, Charlie, how are you doing?" I asked.
"Not too bad, thanks, Rob. What have you been up to?" replied Charlie.
************
You must be wondering what I was doing so let me paint you a picture. I've had a couple of matches with the hyper jock-type woman, the loser to be the winner's 'total obedient slave' for a week, and I beat her! What's more, she's the aforementioned Charlie's ex and she's quoted as saying, 'he wasn't adventurous enough' for her.
What was I doing? I was there to get some info from Charlie about Susan's meaning of 'adventurous' and to see if it's something I can use when Susan comes to my house to be my slave.
************
"Well, Charlie, that's a long story. You see, I bumped into Susan, and some of her girlfriends, a couple of weeks ago and ended up having drinks with her," I said rather apologetically.
"Oh? How is she?" he inquired.
"Well, she was fine but isn't so fine at the moment. You see, we ended up having an argument."
"You and Susan argue? Never!" he sarcastically interrupted.
"Yeah, yeah. Well, first off, we got along quite well but then she started to carry on and stir me up, so I started to prick her ego, as I do, and one thing led to another," I explained.
"Yeah, I bet it did. She's a nutcase, you know, so be careful!" Charlie said.
"Yeah. Well, we ended up having a contest," I continued.
"Oh, Rob, she sucked you right in!" he said.
"No, Charlie, I sucked her in. To be honest, she was strutting around so I challenged her to a game of tennis. The loser was to be the winner's maid for a week and I won," I informed him.
"You did? Good for you! I bet she really hated that!" he laughed and seemed happy.
"Well, yeah. So much so, she demanded a rematch, best out of three, to which I agreed with certain terms."
"That was silly. You should've nailed her when you had the chance. So you lost?"
"I lost the sprint. I knew she'd demand that but I won the oil wrestling. You should've seen it! I beat her and totally humiliated her in front of her friends. She was so angry but had no choice."
"So, she's your maid for a week. No big deal, really," Charlie retorted.
"Well, actually, no. She's my 'total obedient slave' for a week. That was one of the conditions she agreed to."
Charlie looked at me with a stunned expression on his face.
"You're joking! Does that mean anything? Anything at all?" he gasped.
"Um, to be blunt, yes. That's why I need to know the real reason why you split up and it'll go no further than here."
"Well, um, to be honest, I don't really want to say," Charlie stuttered out.
"Well, it might help me humiliate her further if I know what buttons to push," I told him.
"Um, ok. We split because I wasn't adventurous enough for her," he said.
"She told me that but in what way?"
"In bed. Look, I really don't want to talk about this but she has this wild side and, let me say, her being your slave will be right up her alley...and more!" he said, getting very embarrassed.
"Ok, mate, thanks. I really appreciate it. Oh, umm, you don't mind if I make her pay a bit, do you? I'm not trying to make you look bad or anything, it's between her and me," I said.
"Nah, that's fine. Make her pay and let me know if I can help," he said, laughing.
"Ok. Well, do you want the tape of the wrestling match?"
Monday
I opened the door and there was Susan, waiting for me. She was wearing a pair of track suit pants, a T-shirt and runners as if she had gone for a jog. I stepped back and waved her inside.
"Welcome, Susan! Glad you turned up even if you are a half an hour late," I chastised her.
"Oh, well, I'm humouring you, anyway," she replied.
"No, Susan, you're not humouring me. You're fulfilling your side of your bet and I expect you to do it to the letter!" I snarled at her.
"You would've been very quick to make me do it if I'd lost. You were happy to accept the terms, knowing full well what was involved, so now you're going to do it. And to start, here is your uniform for tonight. Put it on over there in the bathroom and come back out here then I'll fill you in on what's expected for tonight."
She glared at me but took the box and walked off. Next thing I heard was a scream from her...she must have opened the box! She came tearing out of the bathroom, the uniform in her hand, screaming at me.
"I will not put that on for your enjoyment!"
"Yes, you will! Remember, total obedient slave!" I snapped.
"And what will you do if I don't!" she snapped back at me.
"Well, for starters, I'll post the wonderful video I took, of the wrestling match, on the net and send it to all of your team mates. I'll set up a website to totally, and completely, humiliate you and take snaps off the video, especially of you naked and glistening with oil, and I'll send them to your family. How's that for what I'll do? Now, get back in there and put it on before I do it anyway. And call me 'Sir' from now on," I said.
By the way her head dropped, I was able to tell I had beaten her. She snarled at me but turned around and went into the bathroom. After about ten minutes, the door opened and out she came, wearing her 'French Maid's' uniform. I had to guess her size but the girl in the shop said, 'not to worry, one size fits most.'
It was way too short so, if she put her hands on her head, you could see her G-string and it was small in the bust so, when she put her hands up, you would have to choose between looking at her pussy or her luscious tits...perfect, for my purposes!
The first job I had her do was to make me a coffee and then I wanted to talk to her to explain the ground rules. She was supposed to be there no later than six o'clock PM and she would finish at midnight, except for Friday, when she was supposed to be there from six o'clock PM until I finished with her...probably Sunday afternoon. She was to do anything I told her, with no arguments, and she was to call me 'Sir'. She reluctantly agreed but only because she knew she had no choice.
She started by cleaning the bath and I got a good look at her arse in the tiny G-string I'd given her. Then, she cleaned the shower recess...nice tits! After that, I had a heap of dishes, I'd been saving for a day or two, for her to do. She vacuumed the house then took the rubbish out. By that time, it was eleven-thirty PM so I had her make me another coffee, I put some music on and told her to slowly dance for me as if she was in a strip club. She stood there, looking at me as if I were crazy, but then, as the music got louder, she started to slowly move her hips.
She closed her eyes and danced as seductively as she could by grinding her hips and running her fingers over her body. She undid the back of her uniform, slowly slid it off of her lithe body and then kicked it to the side, dancing in only her G-string. She ran her hands up her body, to her tits, then to her very hard nipples and started to play with them by pulling and twisting them. The more she squeezed her tits and pulled her nipples, the more turned on she became! Was she really the tight bitch I knew?
She slowly moved both of her hands around, tormenting her tits and nipples, stretching them out and twisting them. One hand moved from her tits and slid down her stomach, lingering at her belly button, caressing her stomach, then slowly down and inside of her brief, black G-string. She opened her legs a bit and slowly worked her hand, up and down, inside of her G-string while still pulling a nipple with the other hand. She was breathing heavily, mouth open and tongue working as if kissing someone. She reached down with her other hand and pulled her G-string off.
Laying down, she spread her legs wide and started to work three fingers of one hand in and out of her sopping, wet cunt while diddling her clit with her other hand as her hips thrusted and she moaned loudly. She worked three of her fingers inside of her cunt, then a fourth finger, fucking herself furiously while working her clit with her other hand. Her hands were glistening with her sex fluids and her bare cunt lips were dripping.
She pulled her fingers out of her hot, wet cunt and put them up to her mouth, sucked and licked the juices off of them, then slid them back down and furiously fucked herself with all four fingers buried deep inside of her. She arched her back and cried out in what was, obviously, an orgasm then continued through two more.
Breathing heavily, she stopped and lay back as her chest rose and fell. Thinking she was finished, I started to get up from my chair but she turned her head, looked at me and smiled. She got on all fours and crawled over to between my legs, reached up, undid my belt and pants and pulled them and my underpants off, exposing my hard cock.
She took it into her hand, looked at it for a minute, slowly licked from the root to the tip and then slowly started to work it in and out of her mouth. She sucked me softly as her tongue worked around the head and her other hand cupped my balls.
I ran my fingers through her hair as an angel gave me the hottest blow job I've had in ages. She worked my cock in and out, eventually taking all of me into her mouth as I guided her head. While watching her, I quickly became very close to cumming and started to thrust my cock into her mouth, hitting the back of her throat and making her gag a little bit. I loved it when I felt a girl gag on my cock which usually happened when I thrust deeply.
I could feel my cum rising so I grabbed her hair and fucked her face until my cum spewed down her throat, forcing her to swallow it all. She sucked me dry, then moved back and smiled as she wiped a couple of drops from her chin, which had escaped her lips, and licked them from her fingers. She then stood and started walking to the bathroom, leaving her uniform on the floor, then turned and smiled at me.
"Tomorrow at six, then!"