Part 1 of 4: The Big Promotion
All she was told was that it was a special position, created specifically for her, and that she'd be reporting directly to upper management.
The exact details and terms of the job were still vague, but still, Lauren knew how things worked at the management level. Often times things would be hazy until lawyers and executives sorted out the small details.
As she had been informed, "We haven't calculated a dollar amount yet, but financially speaking, it'll be worth your while. We're extremely interested in having you play a bigger role because of your unique skill set. Let's just say that we need services that only you can provide."
Things moved rapidly when she woke up in the morning, and while still in bed, checked the messages on her phone. She saw an email from Mr. Rosenthal with the title,'Your promotion'.She clicked it:
Good morning Lauren,
I hope you're doing well. Good news. Don't come to the office today. I'm giving you the day off. At 10 am, meet me at the luxury apartment building directly across the street from our company. I'll be in room 1705. Don't be late. We'll be discussing the terms of your new job.
- Rosenthal
The news had woken her up more than a strong cup of coffee. After giving the rest of her morning messages a quick skim, she hopped out of bed and jumped into the shower for what would be the most important day of her career. Needing to look special, she wore her best outfit and dolled up her appearance. Nothing overboard, but it was a look that gave her the aura of a woman of power.
Lauren arrived early as she always did with an Uber ride to the downtown area. At exactly 9:45 that morning, she took an elevator up to the floor where she was expected and went straight to the room.
The door was propped open and she saw Mr. Rosenthal waiting inside, standing by the window and getting a good look at the city view. There was nothing inside the apartment except for a few tables and a few chairs. Aside from that, it was empty.
"What a lovely place," she said, after their formal greeting. "Your success has paid off."
Mr. Rosenthal, as usual, was unimpressed. "Who said this is my place?"
"Oh, I'm sorry. I assumed this was your new apartment because you had the key."
"No. This isn't my apartment. I live in this building though, along with other executives and managers from the company."
"Then who's apartment is this? What are we doing here?"
Mr. Rosenthal cracked a rare smile, dangled the apartment keys in his hand, and placed them on a countertop.
"This isyourapartment," he said. "Only if you decide to take the promotion, of course. As I've previously mentioned, your promotion will come with many notable perks and benefits, which includes this apartment, paid for entirely by Mr. Price."
Lauren's jaw nearly dropped at the mention that the new CEO had taken care of her potentially new living arrangement.
"You can't be serious. This apartment must be worth..."
"It's very expensive. I can assure you that. Mr. Price is a very wealthy man and he always rewards loyalty."
She took another look around the living room, in complete awe that she could be living here soon. It was in stark contrast to her own small apartment.
"I don't know what to say. It sounds too good to be true."
Mr. Rosenthal opened a package that was on the table. He reached inside and spread several pages of documents.
"Here is the contract," he said. "Obviously I don't expect you to sign everything now, but I expect you to think about them because they are binding legal agreements."
Lauren's suspicions were roused. Everything was too good to be true.
"What is all this?" she asked in a serious tone. "What do you want from me? What does Mr. Price want from me?"
He sat down on a chair, while Lauren remained standing.
"I know ambitious women when I see them. You're determined and driven to succeed. That's the kind of attitude we like at our company. When Mr. Price saw you, he agreed. We had a long and thorough discussion about your future and we agreed that you're valuable to us."
"You still haven't answered my question," she replied, brushing off the compliment when her senses told her that something was going on. "Why is the CEO giving me an expensive apartment?"
"Do you realize how important trust is for a company to be successful? Do you ever think about that? There are hundreds of millions of dollars that flow through our accounts every year. Think about all the secrets we have. Secrets which could ruin our business if they ever got out."
"I've always been a team player," she said.
"I know. Take a look at the paper. See how much we value you."
Lauren looked at the contract on the table. For the first time, she saw the dollar value of the apartment and it was staggering. The contract specifically stated that Mr. Price would pay for everything while she remained an employee of the corporation. She would be able to live there for free, along with all living expenses. The pay raise was modest, but Mr. Price was willing to pay large monthly bonuses for good performance.
"Is this offer really from Mr. Price?" she asked.
He nodded. "It is. Do these terms interest you?"
"Yes," she said meekly.
"Good. Now remove your clothes. Show me how interested you are."
"Excuse me?"
"You heard correctly," he replied.
"I don't understand."
"This is part of the promotion."
"What does being a financial analyst have to do with my body?" she asked, utterly confused. "What exactly is my promotion? Stop being vague."
"You'll still be a financial analyst," he said calmly. "You'll report directly to me and other members of the Board and the CEO. But you'll also have other responsibilities. You'll be working on a new floor. When you're in the office, you're expected to be naked at all times."
"Naked?"
"Yes," he nodded. "Naked. Our new CEO and several members of the Board have a particular fetish for women like you. Office women who are smart, beautiful, and loyal."
"I'm not sure I'm comfortable with this," she replied softly.
"That's fine. This isn't for everyone."
"What happens if I decline?"
"Then you'll go back to your desk job," he replied. "No hard feelings. No retaliation from upper management. Things will go back to normal. You'll return to beingLauren the financial analyst.Nothing more, nothing less."
"And if I accept?" she asked. "I don't want my future to be tarnished."
"It won't. Strict confidentiality agreements are in place. Besides, do you think the upper management of our company wants the outside world to know what goes on inside of our building?"
Lauren slowly nodded. "Fair enough. That makes sense. But what about my reputation within the company? I don't want to be known as the woman who gets naked. I've worked so hard for my reputation and career."
"Have you ever wondered how so many young women were able to get promoted so fast? They were in the exact same position you're in now. Believe me, no one will lose respect for you. This is a fast track to the top."
Lauren's mind raced. It all made sense. She used to privately wonder how so many inexperienced women were able to climb the corporate ladder so fast.
"Will I have to perform any sex acts?" she asked bluntly.
He smiled, "We'll discuss that later. But as I've mentioned, you're not being forced to do anything. Everything is at your will. Plenty of corporate women have done this. So have the men. How do you think our handsome CEO was able to get his job so easily? He made friends with the right women."
"You mean Mr. Price?"
"He fucked his way to the top. Our previous CEO was a woman and Mr. Price usually satisfied her every afternoon. She recommended him for the top job when she decided to retire."
"I'm having a tough time wrapping my head around all this," Lauren replied in a confused state. "This seems unreal."
"But it is."
"Can I have a few days to think about this?"
"Of course," he nodded. "Please, take all the time you need. We want all of our employees to be happy and comfortable."
"Thank you, I suppose."
Lauren was slowly beginning to turn her body so she could leave. Her head was still in a foggy state. She was almost becoming lightheaded from the details of the new job offer.
"Where are you going?" he asked.
"To the office. I need to think this over."
"Don't you want a chance to practice? I want you to take your clothes off. If you can get naked in front of me, then you can do it for anyone. Consider this a test of your boundaries."
A part of her wanted to slap Mr. Rosenthal across the face. But that was out of the question. Another part of her was secretly becoming aroused. She wasn't a prude person, but she had always been modest with her body and sexuality.
Without thinking too deeply, Lauren unbuttoned her top and placed it on the table next to the contract. Next came her office skirt. The nice outfit she had carefully chosen was slowly being peeled away. Before long, she was standing in her bra and panties.
Her body was ordinary for a 34 year old career woman. She tried to exercise whenever possible. Her breasts were average sized, her arms and legs were toned, and her hips had a nice curve to them.
"How do you feel?" he asked, looking at her body.
"A number of things. Shy, humiliated, degraded, empowered, maybe even a little excited."
Mr. Rosenthal raised an eyebrow. "Aroused?"
"I wouldn't say that."
"Things might change. Remove your bra and your panties."
Lauren reached back to unclasp her bra, revealing her pert breasts with large pink nipples. She bent down to remove her panties, revealing her bare crotch which hadn't been shaved in a while. She placed the bra and panties onto the table and stood completely naked for Mr. Rosenthal to observe.
"There," she said. "You've got what you wanted."
He smiled, "Now get dressed. Take the documents with you. When you've finally made your decision, sign the papers and bring them to my office."
With that said, Mr. Rosenthal stood and walked past Lauren while she was still naked. He left the apartment. Lauren quickly got dressed and took another look at the documents. She made her decision. She put the papers back inside of the package and left the apartment, locking the door on her way out.
Part 2 of 4: The Naked Responsibilities
Later that night. Lauren paced back and forth in her narrow apartment. She had reviewed every sentence of every page, the same way any respectable lawyer would.
If she signed, her life would change dramatically. She would be working directly for upper management. It was a fast track to having a top job someday. But having to be naked would permanently alter her reputation and dignity forever. There would be no way to change things.
As she continued to pace back and forth, she saw her reflection in a full length mirror by the living room door. She thought she looked fairly attractive. To her surprise, getting naked in front of Mr. Rosenthal earlier wasn't so bad.
Lauren stood in front of the mirror and examined herself further. She slipped off her night clothes and got naked. Her body was something to be proud of. It was something to be admired. It also may have been the key to a fast promotion.
'Can I really do this?' she asked herself.
The answer became clear when she slipped her fingers between her legs and felt a slight wetness. Being naked in front of Mr. Rosenthal gave her a strange sensation. It was an unusual thrill. She continued touching herself, until she reached a much needed orgasm.
***
The next day. Lauren walked into the corporate building with a newfound purpose and confidence, partially thanks to two cups of coffee. She went directly to Mr. Rosenthal's office and asked the secretary to meet him immediately, even though she didn't have an appointment.
After the secretary contacted Mr. Rosenthal, the impromptu meeting was quickly approved.
Lauren entered the office holding the packet of documents. She sat down and placed it on his desk, not caring that his desk was already cluttered with important papers.
"What's this?" he asked, already knowing the answer.
"I've signed everything. The contract, the non-disclosure agreements, everything."
"That was a quick decision. Women like you usually take a couple of days. Are you sure you want to do this?"
She nodded. "I've thought about everything carefully. I didn't move to this city so that I can be a financial analyst forever. I want to work at the top. If this is what it takes, then I'll do it."
Mr. Rosenthal ignored her words and examined the documents, making sure that everything was properly signed.
"Come with me," he said.
***
They entered the elevator and went several floors up. When the doors opened, Lauren was taken aback by the extravagance of the floor. Everything was brand new, elegant, and sophisticated. It looked like something out of the future. So far, there was nobody in sight, which surprised her.
"What is this place?" she asked as they walked inside.
"This is where big decisions are made."
"It's beautiful here."
"Get used to it," he said. "You'll be working here now. But before I can show you around, you'll have to get undressed. One of the main rules of this floor is that female personnel must be naked at all times."
It was the moment Lauren expected, and the moment she dreaded. Her face remained expressionless while she unbuttoned her clothes. Each article of clothing was handed to Mr. Rosenthal. She remained stoic while she got undressed. After she handed him her clothes, Mr. Rosenthal placed the clothing on a nearby rack.
Lauren stood completely naked in the hallway.
"Very good," he said. "Follow me."
They walked down the empty hallway. Lauren was barefoot, feeling the carpet on her feet and the nervousness grew inside of her. She had never felt so vulnerable in her entire life.
When they stepped into the large open-spaced office area, Lauren was surprised to see a number of naked women who casually did their work. Men were also working in the area, some of whom were also naked, others were in business suits. The nudity was casual and no one seemed fazed by it.
Lauren's eyes continued to scan the room. To her amazement, she recognized a female executive who she deeply admired, completely naked while using the computer.
Mr. Rosenthal continued walking through the open office area and Lauren followed. At the end of the office space, they reached an area with glass doors. It was the private office of Mr. Price, the newly promoted CEO.
"He's expecting you," Mr. Rosenthal said, standing by the door.
"You want me to go alone?"
"Yes. The boss requested a private meeting once you've made your decision. Don't be nervous. Unlike me, he's a very nice guy."
Lauren nodded and opened the door to the CEO's office. She entered to see Mr. Price fully dressed, sitting behind his desk and talking on the phone, while a naked woman was on her knees performing oral sex. The CEO smiled at Lauren when he saw her enter. He ended the phone conversation and told the naked woman who was performing oral sex to leave.
The naked woman got up and headed towards the door. Lauren's jaw nearly dropped when she recognized the woman as a former colleague who recently got promoted, even though she was grossly unqualified to work at a major corporation. They never got along. It almost made Lauren laugh to think that her former rival had just been sucking the boss's dick. The naked woman rolled her eyes when she walked past Lauren and left the office room.
Lauren sat down on the chair in front of the CEO's desk. She sat with perfect posture, breasts pointed forward, trying to look as professional as possible, even though she was completely naked.
This wasn't how she envisioned her very first meeting with the top boss. Far from it. In her mind, she had envisioned a meeting like this being based solely on her merits and hard work, rather than her tits and ass. But sometimes life throws curveballs at you and you have to adapt, she told herself, while maintaining her posture.
"I'm glad to see that you've accepted the promotion," Mr. Price said, as he buttoned up his pants underneath the desk. "You're far more beautiful without any clothes. More beautiful than I could have ever imagined."
"That's not something you ever should have known, but I'm willing to do whatever it takes, sir."
The CEO smiled, "That's the right attitude for success."
"Thank you, sir."
"Are you comfortable doing this?"
"It takes getting used to," she admitted. "I've always been an ambitious woman. That's how I was raised."
"I love that! What has Rosenthal told you about your current promotion? In terms of your new duties, I mean."
"Apparently I'll still be a financial analyst. I'll be working directly for upper management. And that I'm expected to be naked at all times while I'm on this floor."
"What else?"
She thought for a moment. "That's about it."
"Are you aware that our company is in the midst of a transitional period?"
"Somewhat. I've heard talks, but that's always been above my pay grade. I've never been privy to that information."
"Now you are," he replied with a charming wink. "Our company, with my leadership, is attempting to transform itself to be better able to compete in today's market. Furthermore, our company is planning a major global expansion, which requires a great deal of strategy."
"That sounds like a serious undertaking."
"It is. Our top leadership will be attending a 3-day retreat in Denmark. All expenses paid. We'll be discussing and finalizing our plans during that time."
Lauren became cautiously optimistic. She secretly wished the CEO would invite her to the retreat so that she could become part of the big decisions.
"What would you like me to do?" she asked, trying not to sound obvious about what she wanted.
"Come with us," he said. "There's a reason why I had you promoted so soon. We have a shortage of women and I realized that we need to be more diverse in that regard. You're expected to be naked, of course."
Lauren's heart sank a little. She was thrilled to be part of the retreat, but being used for sexual objectification wasn't her ideal scenario. Still, it was her chance to prove that her brains were more of a company asset than her breasts.
"Will I be involved in decision making?" she asked, hoping to be included.
"Absolutely. You'll be consulted. I've reviewed your reports and you've always done good work."
She smiled, "Thank you, sir. I would love to be involved in this retreat."
"I knew you would. I've already made arrangements for you to be traveling with us. Remember, pack lightly, since you won't be wearing anything once we get to the resort."
Lauren's heart sunk once again when she was reminded of her new duties.
"Will I be the only undressed woman there?" she asked.
"There will be others. Some of the women are executives, the others are interns and assistants. They'll be naked the entire time. Some of the men will also be naked to serve our female management."
"Equal opportunity. I think that's great."
"You must be a feminist," he smiled.
"Only if you mean that as a compliment. That side of me comes from my mother and I've been a strong advocate since college."
"Yet here you are, naked in my office."
She felt her nipples harden. "I'm driven to succeed. Most career women never have a chance to meet the CEO they work for."
"We're going to get along just fine," he said with a pleased expression. "Rosenthal will keep you updated on everything regarding the retreat. He won't be coming though. He'll be staying here to help run the company while we're away. I hope you enjoy new adventures. It's going to be a lot of fun."
Part 3 of 4: Most Valuable Employee
Two weeks later. The plane ride was only a few hours and Lauren was able to sit in first class near the CEO and other corporate executives. All she knew about the trip was that it was a private resort and big things were happening.
Once they landed at the airport, a few private shuttles took them to their destination. It was a large resort with its own private facilities.
The group of corporate employees walked to their respective rooms after getting their keys in the lobby. To her delight, the CEO walked cozily next to her as they went to their respective rooms. Lauren expressed her admiration for this place along with her gratitude for being invited.
"You haven't seen the best parts yet," he said, alluding to more. "In case you haven't noticed, these facilities were built for a nudist resort. The owner decided to sell the place and I bought it specifically so that our corporation can have business retreats."
"Well you're full of surprises."
"Just wait until tomorrow," he said with a sly expression.
"What happens tomorrow?" she asked.
"Tomorrow is the official start of our big conference. It's going to change the future of our company and possibly the business world, if I may be so bold. We plan on pursuing a very aggressive corporate expansion, so make sure you're sharp. We're going to need that brain of yours."
Lauren winked. "I always come prepared, sir."
"That's what I like to hear," Mr. Price nodded with gratitude. "I'm sure that all of our other guests will be thrilled with your brains and bare beauty tomorrow."
Her attention was piqued in ways she hadn't prepared for. Mentally, she had already resigned herself to the fate of being naked in front of colleagues and managers, but only them.
"Other guests?" she asked, mildly confused.
"Rosenthal didn't tell you?"
"Apparently not. Are other people coming?"
Mr. Price thought for a moment. "Don't freak out. I'm sure you'll do fine no matter what."
"I have a tendency to over-prepare."
They got to Lauren's private room. She opened the door with the room key and Mr. Price helped bring her stuff inside.
"Speaking of last minute preparations," he said while arranging Lauren's belongings. "How do you feel about helping me host the conference tomorrow? I have to admit, I'm impressed with your speaking abilities."
Lauren was taken aback, but she didn't want to show it. She had no trouble with public speaking and it was something she enjoyed very much. But knowing there'd be other guests, it seemed inevitable that she'd be naked in front of an untold number of people. But after all that she had done so far, there was no way she could refuse the CEO's offer.
Her eyes sparkled. "You want me to help you host the conference?"
"Oh yes. I reviewed your resume days ago and I saw that you have an extensive background with public speaking. I should have made this offer sooner. And I hope I'm not bombarding you with too many surprises."
"I'd love to do it," she replied.
"Excellent. You're doing me a massive favor. I'll keep you updated on what the plans are."
Mr. Price smiled as he left the room, while Lauren stood frozen with mixed emotions. On one hand, she had a newfound duty to help host the conference, with no idea what her role was going to be. On the other hand, she was on the fast track to yet another promotion.
It was worth it, she thought.
***
The excitement levels reached its peak the next morning when executives, staff, and key employees made their way to the outdoor area where the speeches would be given. Since this was her first time at such a retreat, she was extra nervous. The fact that she'd be naked soon had her stomach in knots.
When Lauren saw the speaking area for the first time, she froze and her knees nearly buckled.
There was a large outdoor stage and the crowd setting was like a small concert of working professionals. A tremor rushed down her spine from all these people she had never seen before. Fear consumed her when she realized that her nudity was probably inevitable.
"That's the future of our corporation," Mr. Price's voice said from behind. "Incredible, isn't it?"
She turned to look at the CEO and they stood next to each other by the main stage.
"Yeah, it certainly is. I didn't realize there'd be this many guests."
"Technically, these people are part of the corporation now," he replied. "We've obtained their services as part of our global expansion, from new hirings, to mergers and acquisitions. Rosenthal didn't explain any of this to you?"
"Apparently not," she sighed. "But I should have known."
"Things are rapidly developing and there were many last minute changes."
"I understand."
In the back of Lauren's mind, she cursed Rosenthal for being a prick.
"You're still okay with this?" Mr. Price asked. "Not many people can give a great speech in front of three hundred people."
"Three hundred people?" she asked with her eyebrows arched.
"Well, 342 to be exact. But who's counting, right?"
"Certainly not me," she laughed, with another forced expression of sincerity to keep the boss happy.
Mr. Price smiled. "I love your attitude. Your spirit is exactly what we need."
"I always try my best. That's why I'm here."
The CEO reached inside of his pocket and handed Lauren a small piece of paper.
"Introduce yourself on stage as the senior financial analyst," he said. "Then I want you to introduce me as the CEO. This paper is just a guideline. I don't expect you to follow it exactly. I want you to sound spontaneous. Be fun. Be yourself."
"That sounds doable," she nodded, then breathing deep. "Yes. I can do that."
"I know you can. There aren't many women who are great at public speaking-- especially while naked."
It was a devastating shock and yet another reminder of her duties. Being naked in the office around a small group of people who were used to female nudity was one thing. Being naked on stage in front of over 300 strangers was something else. As usual, she held a brave face for the CEO.
"I'll give my absolute best," she said with a smile, which seemed mildly genuine this time.
Mr. Price patted her on the shoulder. "We'll begin in 30 minutes. Keep your robe on until then."
He walked away and gave her an extra pat on the back. Lauren stood in place, her body frozen and she had already promised to do this.
***
Life was moving in slow motion as Lauren stood by the stage watching the crowd of business people take their seats in the audience. She had reviewed Mr. Price's notes and knew that the speech was the easy part. Ordinarily, giving speeches to a large audience was something she'd enjoy. But agreeing to be naked changed things completely.
The sound of the audience grew louder. She watched as the crowd of 342 business people took their seats. Staff tested the microphone to make sure that it worked. Lauren began to have tunnel vision while she stared directly at the crowd. Through the corner of her eye, she noticed the CEO walking up to her.
"Are you nervous?" Mr. Price asked.
"No way, not at all," she tried to laugh, before turning stone faced. "Well, I'm somewhat nervous. I've never given a speech without any clothes on."
He smiled, "The audience will love you. You have all the qualities that will impress them -- the brains and the beauty -- and I can assure you, you have absolutely nothing to worry about."
"Thanks for the vote of confidence."
"No need to thank me. You're the one doing me the favor."
"The feeling is mutual," she replied, thinking of her new apartment and rapid career advancement.
"Are you ready? It's about to start."
"Yes."
"Great," he said enthusiastically. "Now get up there and get this thing started. We've got a busy day ahead of us."
With that said, Lauren took a deep breath and prepared for the most nerve wracking experience of her life. She began to walk towards the empty stage, when she felt Mr. Price put his hand on her shoulder to stop her.
"Yes?" she asked.
"Your robe. You'll need to remove your robe. You're expected to be naked for this."
He held out his hand, waiting to collect the robe.
Lauren shivered for a second. This was her big moment. As if operating on autopilot, she removed her robe in front of a few backstage onlookers. Then she handed the robe to her boss.
"Good enough for you?" she asked while naked.
Mr. Price looked her over. "Good enough for anyone. Now get out there and show everyone what a gem you truly are."
Stepping out of her shoes, Lauren walked barefoot to the stage with all the confidence she could muster. She went up the short ramp and took the center of the small stage. All eyes were on her. Lauren looked at the large crowd of 342 business professionals and her mind felt overwhelmed.
Her hands trembled and she could barely breathe. Everyone was staring at her completely naked body. She felt emotions she didn't think existed. Her pink nipples turned rock hard and there was a gripping sensation between her legs, like her pussy and ass were clenching hard enough to bend steel.
There was a microphone stand in the middle of the stage and Lauren took it. She squeezed the microphone hard so that her hand would stop shaking. The eyes in the audience, from men and women, were roaming up and down her body which made her toes curl onto the floor.
"Good morning everyone," Lauren said with a stage presenter's voice. "We're very glad that all of you could make it today. My name is Lauren. I'm the newly appointed senior financial analyst for this great company. For the next 3 days, we'll be discussing the future. I know that if we all put our minds together, then we can achieve great things that will help shape the world we live in. And there's only one man who can lead us through these extraordinary times. He is a man of great vision and intelligence. Ladies and gentlemen, please give a big round of applause to our CEO, Mr. Price!"
The audience applauded enthusiastically for the introduction as the CEO made his way to the stage.
Lauren felt the biggest adrenaline rush of her life as she watched the audience applauding. The feeling was unexplainable. It was a surreal high. The nervous tension became sexual energy. Before she took the stage, her biggest fear was giving a speech while naked. At that very moment, her biggest fear was that her vaginal fluids might accidentally start dripping onto the stage.
Mr. Price took the microphone with a massive smile on his face.
"Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Lauren one more time," he said exuberantly. "Wasn't she amazing? What a woman. You'll be seeing more of her during this retreat. What a woman. Take a bow, Lauren."
Lauren did what the boss asked and playfully took a naked bow while the audience gave another round of applause. She realized that while she was bent over, her breasts would be hanging downwards for the audience to see, and that only excited her more.
When she left the stage, she was lavished with praise from colleagues, telling her what an amazing job she had just done. It was an incredible high. Public nudity was never a fantasy of hers, but this was thrilling. She couldn't explain what she felt, but she knew she needed more of this drug, whatever it was.
Part 4 of 4: One Woman Show
The exhilarating feeling remained throughout the morning and early afternoon. An outdoor lunch was served to all of the attendees of the corporate retreat. Most of the women were naked, while most of the men wore casual clothing. The female nudity was a much welcomed break from the rigorous discussions being held.
Nudity became less of an issue for Lauren and it was something she had begun to embrace. It felt empowering to her, having the ability to turn heads everywhere she went. Most of the time she felt more like a nude model than a financial analyst.
She began to enjoy having powerful men admire her naked figure. It amused her seeing a man gaze at her breasts, then when she would look him in the eyes, he would immediately turn away. Her nudity had given her a newfound sense of confidence.
There was another outdoor break later in the afternoon. Lauren was once again the star of the show as people gathered around to meet her. They told her how beautiful she was. They told her that her brief speech was fun to watch. They told her that she looked great naked. She simply smiled back and accepted the gracious compliments.
"You're all too kind,"she blushed to the group."But please, my expertise is with numbers. I'm a numbers woman, that's my job here."
She saw the CEO wave at her from afar. He was signaling her to come over to him. He was speaking with a small group of wealthy looking individuals.
Lauren politely excused herself from the people she was speaking with and headed towards the boss's location. It was their first meeting since introducing him at the start of the conference.
He stood near the water with a group of other men. Lauren approached them with more confidence than she could have ever imagined, given her unusual and undressed circumstance. She was anxious to hear what Mr. Price had to say. His trademark charming smile spoke for itself.
"There she is," Mr. Price said to the group. "We've been waiting for a chance to talk with you. It seems you're a busy woman this afternoon."
"Apparently I'm a hit," she smiled.
"You definitely are. Everyone has been talking about you."
"Good things I hope."
Mr. Price winked. "Lauren, I'd like to introduce you to my friends here. This is Henrich. He's in charge of a German corporation which we've recently acquired. He's a brilliant businessman. The other men are his associates. As you can tell, they don't speak any English. But I'd be happy to translate."
Lauren graciously smiled at the men and took turns shaking their hands.
"Nice to meet you all," Lauren said, as Mr. Price translated.
Henrich spoke in German, and Mr. Price listened attentively.
"He says you're the most beautiful American woman he's ever seen," Mr. Price said. "That's quite a compliment from him, considering that Henrich has been with many women."
Lauren blushed. "Please, thank him for me."
Mr. Price translated, and Henrich gave a long reply in German.
"You're in luck," Mr. Price stated with a smile. "As it turns out, Henrich is a big fan of exhibitionist women. And he thinks you're special. In fact, he thinks you're worth a lot of money."
Lauren was mildly mystified by the comment, but maintained her perfect smile at the gentlemen. She knew what they wanted. In her current state of undress, she should have expected it too.
"Tell him that I'm very well compensated," she said, maintaining her smile. "We're all here to do a job. I'm doing mine."
"You're doing your job exceptionally, Lauren. How would you feel about pushing the limits of your newfound exhibitionist ways?"
She gulped, "What did you have in mind?"
"Adding business-relations to your duties," Mr. Price said vaguely, yet bluntly. "I'm sure you get the idea. Maybe Henrich and his friends can be the first to test these new services."
Lauren was flabbergasted. Looking into their lustful eyes, she knew exactly what they wanted, and it wasn't what she normally did for her work. In fact, it would be just the opposite.
"You're not suggesting that I..."
"I'd like you to suck their cocks," he replied nonchalantly. "Henrich is a very respectable man and he has many political connections in Europe. Connections which we need."
"Do I have a choice?" she asked. "Is this part of my job now?"
"There's always a choice. Consider this a bonus. Henrich has offered you a great deal of money and I'll also be sure to compensate you. I really need this favor, Lauren."
She was speechless for a moment. Lauren saw how serious Mr. Price was about the offer. She looked at Henrich and the other German businessmen, and they were grinning, waiting for their agreed upon sexual pleasure. It was obvious to Lauren that they were men who were used to getting what they wanted. And at that moment, they wanted Lauren's mouth.
"You owe me for this," Lauren said strongly to the boss. "I mean it."
It was the first time in their relationship that Lauren held the cards and had the upper hand. It also dawned on her that this was the most stern she had ever been with a boss in her entire career, let alone the top boss of the company. This was her small way of taking control in an otherwise insane situation.
"I'm a man of my word. If you do me this favor, I'll generously compensate you. Henrich's political connections will do wonders for our company."
"It better."
Lauren got down on her knees. Being naked was already a lot to handle, but being on her knees was simply humiliating to another degree. The moment her knees touched the grass, a crowd began to form around her, making the humiliation even worse. She felt dozens upon dozens of eyes watching eagerly at her submissive posture.
The lead German businessman took a step forward and unzipped himself in front of Lauren's face. She watched anxiously as he freed himself from his clothing. He reached inside of his pants and took out his semi-stiff erection, which had immediately piqued her attention, since it had been several long months since she was with a man.
Her dating life had become second place to her career, and now that she landed this promotion, ironically, things had come full circle. It was now her career that had given her a hard cock to suck.
She thought his penis looked nice. If it wasn't for the growing crowd of people surrounding her, she would have been all over Henrich's cock. But the humiliation of being watched by a large number of prominent business people made the experience degrading (at first).
Her hands were shaking when she reached out to touch his hard manhood. Her face quickly turned red. She stroked his cock for a while as she put on a brave face, so no one would know how truly embarrassed she was. She needed several deep breaths to calm herself down from the humiliating moment. Then she realized, the more she prolonged the moment, the more embarrassing it would be.
The job, like any other job and responsibility, had to be completed sooner or later.
Lauren opened her lips and leaned forward, taking the cock inside of her mouth. She heard the audience gasp in shock and amusement when she began to perform oral sex on the man she had never previously met before. Unlike her new office, she wondered if this crowd of people had become used to the sight of brazen sex acts. Judging by the gasps, she assumed not.
The cock felt nice inside of her mouth and she slowly began to get into it. She put her hands on his thighs and started to bob her head. A rhythm was slowly forming.
Through the corner of her eye, she saw the number of people watching continue to grow. She expected more people to come watch. She closed her eyes to avoid further shame. As nice as the cock felt in her mouth, she focused on her job working for Mr. Price. It was a sacrifice she was willing to make for her career. The more she focused on her career prospects, the more relaxed she became, and the better she began to suck. Before long, she was enthusiastically sucking the man's cock until he couldn't take anymore.
Henrich unleashed a loud cry along with a few words in German, which Lauren figured were probably curse words.
She stroked him furiously and Henrich orgasmed in her mouth. She stroked until cum stopped shooting out of his penis and she simultaneously swallowed every drop.
When it was over, Lauren opened her eyes and looked up at Henrich. She stuck her tongue out to show that her mouth was empty, her tongue was clean, and that all of the cum had been swallowed, and Henrich looked at her with amazement.
Just when Lauren thought that the worst humiliation was over, Mr. Price began to clap. Soon after, the entire audience of people burst into applause after seeing Lauren's oral performance. Her face turned beet red.
"Bravo!" Mr. Price said, clapping. "Bravo. I never knew you had such a talent, Lauren."
"It's not something you should have ever known," Lauren replied while still on her knees, licking the sides of her mouth to make sure it was clean.
"But now I do. Would you mind giving the other partners from Germany the same treatment? They are very eager to experience your wonderful talent."
Lauren gave her boss a stern look. "You owe me for this."
"I know. Gladly."
Henrich zipped himself and stepped aside.
The next man came forward and freed his erection. Lauren bashfully repeated the process, taking a hold of it, stroking it in her hand to get a full erection, and putting it inside of her mouth. She sucked the best that she could so that it would be over soon. She performed oral sex on the stranger with a vacuum-like suction. Her hand stroked him rapidly as the large crowd continued to watch with enjoyment.
With her honed skills, the man quickly came inside of her mouth. Lauren swallowed every drop and once again stuck her tongue out to prove it. She had always been a woman obsessed with showing she had done a good job.
One after another, Lauren provided her oral talents to the German delegation as Mr. Price watched in delight. The conference was temporarily on hold as the business leaders watched Lauren in action. Slowly but surely, Lauren began to relish the spotlight as a one-woman-show. The same exhilarating feeling that she felt on stage came to her again. Her nerves were becoming more relaxed. Her oral performances were becoming even more enthusiastic. Wetness appeared between her legs.
By the time Lauren finished giving oral sex to the German delegation, the large crowd of business leaders applauded once again. Mr. Price had a satisfied look on his face watching the show.
Lauren stood up, licked her lips, and smiled to the audience. She wondered if anyone knew how aroused she had become. Between her legs were fluids which were ready to drip onto the grass. Her heart was beating and she felt alive.
Epilogue:
Six months later. Lauren sat naked in her own fancy office. The walls were made of glass, so onlookers could see her nude body on full display while she reviewed documents and held one-on-one meetings.
She looked up and saw Mr. Price walking towards her office with a smooth expression on his face. He knocked on the door, then entered. Unlike their first meeting, now it was Lauren sitting behind the desk, and Mr. Price sitting in the guest seat.
"Congratulations," he said, leaning back to make himself comfortable.
"For what?"
"As it turns out, one of our executives will be transferring to help oversee our division in Asia. It looks like there's a vacancy available."
Lauren smiled, "I hope that means what I think."
"Favors are always returned around here. Thanks to you, our expansion in Europe has become bigger than originally anticipated. Those German guys are still talking about you and they want another meeting during our next retreat."
"Then as a token of our appreciation, I'm sure I can think of something special to treat our partners with. There's more to me than just my mouth."
"Oh really?" he asked with an eyebrow raised.
"Yes, really," she replied with a suggestive undertone. "But of course, you already know that."
Lauren gracefully stood and approached Mr. Price. She faced him, then she turned around and placed the palms of her hands on the desk, and she spread her legs, giving the CEO easy access to her wet pussy.
She heard him unzip his pants. Then she felt him guide the tip of his erect penis towards her vaginal opening to penetrate her sexy little body. She felt him squeeze her waist tightly as he ravished her pussy. The office was filled with lewd sounds escaping her lips as she was being claimed, along with the distinct noises of Mr. Price's crotch slapping against her bottom from the hard fuck.
"You're going to make an excellent boss someday," Mr. Price said in Lauren's ear as he ravished her from behind. "You have all the makings of a leader."
Her hands clenched the edges of the table. "I better... oh god... become the boss... with all the work I've put... oh fuck me..."
"What a bad girl you've become, Lauren."
She moaned her words, "I'm a product of corporate policies."
Their office fuck-session intensified. In the heat of passion, Lauren made loud gasping noises as she was being pounded. Her hair thrashed and her lips made strange shapes. She begged for the sex to be harder and faster.
Through Lauren's glass walls, she saw a new female employee, naked and shy, receiving a tour of the floor for the very first time. The 'new girl' saw Lauren bent over the desk, being fucked from behind by the CEO. The new girl gasped in shock from what she was seeing.
When her pussy was filled with cum, Lauren cleaned herself with tissue and threw it in the trash. She even wiped the beads of sweat from her forehead before thanking the boss and excusing herself. She was still barefoot and the boss always enjoyed the sight of her ass and pussy after sex.
Part of her job meant training the new girls on how to conduct themselves professionally while naked. Stepping out of her office with hard nipples and strutting down the hall, Lauren introduced herself to the new girl with a handshake and smile.
The End
Your votes & comments are appreciated.