Chapter 16: Race to the Bottom
Becky Ann was sore in both holes the entire day after her date with Scott. The day after that, she found herself in a chat session online with a guy on a dating site. He was thirty-seven. He was skeptical she was only nineteen and had lost her virginity only two days ago. He promised he was tireless in bed and sent her a picture of a big dick. She suspected it was fake. She was feeling horny as hell, though. She pressed him again on how many times he could do it and how long he could last. He asked if it would be a good idea for him to bring a friend to help. She said, "The more the merrier." It was arranged they would pick her up in a limousine at 7 PM and take her to dinner.
When she climbed into the limousine, she found it was not just him and his friend, but thirteen guys. They were men in their late thirties to early forties. About half wore wedding rings. Within a few minutes they had her naked on her back. She was a bit nervous about so many, but her extreme horniness overcame any other considerations.
She never got to dinner, but she was fed a lot of cum. The men formed a routine. She was on her back on the center bench. A man above her head pumped away between her tits while she licked and sucked his balls. Initially this was lubricated with spit, but soon enough, semen slicked the way. Another man worked away between her legs. She never received any foreplay, but luckily was wet enough to take the first couple of men without any. After that, semen slicked the way.
None of their dicks were notable in terms of size or girth. The first several men were ready to pop. They barely made it into her or between her tits before they did so. Others couldn't even wait their turn and unloaded on any exposed surface of her. After their first times, they started lasting longer, but increasing numbers couldn't get more erections and couldn't continue. Some generic erectile dysfunction medication was passed around, and this helped some.
After most had tried her cunt, the men got more adventurous and started trying her asshole. Most were no longer able to get hard enough to penetrate it. The way was slick with semen, so this attention was no trouble for Becky Ann. They were all small compared to Scott anyway.
At around 2 AM, her dates, the men, were all limp, and most were asleep. None were even interested in giving her a nice sendoff with tongues or even fingers. She got dressed as best she was able. They dropped her off in front of her dorm. She was disheveled and sticky with cum over her entire body. Luckily, she knew the discreet back way in. She got to her shower without being challenged by the dorm staff.
All in all, Becky Ann orgasmed a dozen times in the seven hours the men had her. These times were more from the pure nastiness of taking man after man rather than actual stimulation. When she told Kelly about the date, Kelly scolded her because of the chance of venereal disease. Nobody had used a condom. Luckily, Becky Ann got away from the incident with just bacterial vaginosis, a fungus infection, a urinary tract infection, and a mild case of chlamydia. These were easily cleared up with a round of antibiotics and antifungals from the campus health center.
Becky Ann told Kelly she had enjoyed having many men, but individually the men had been boring. Next time, she needed thirteen men like Scott, or as close to that as she could get. Kelly agreed to help her find a safe way to satisfy her urge.
-----
The scene began with Kelly sitting smiling on the famous bed. She was fully clothed, boots and all.
"Here we are back with the inimitable Kelly Langston!" said Martin excitedly for the viewing audience. "As I'm sure you all recall, her debut video with us is our highest ranked video ever. If you haven't watched it, where have you been? And go watch it first so there are no spoilers. After that, you won't have any orgasms left in you, but you can watch this one tomorrow. Something to look forward to."
"Now that we've done the spoiler alert, it's time to catch up," continued Martin. "When last we saw each other, you were not too happy with us, to put it mildly. Tell us about it."
"Well, you guys tricked me," Kelly said. "After saying Scott would not cum in me, Scott came about a gallon in me. Without birth control."
"Is it too early for the baby to show?" asked Martin.
"Yeah, that's it," Kelly snickered.
"And how did you manage to forgive us for all that?" Martin asked.
"Well..." said Kelly. "It was Scott."
"For those of you who don't recall, Scott Miller was the male talent in Kelley's first video. What about Scott?" asked Martin.
"We kinda... hooked up," said Kelly shyly.
"More than hooked up, isn't it?" asked Martin.
"Let me clarify something here," said Scott. He walked into the frame and sat down next to Kelly, hugely tall next to the tiny nymph. He hugged her to him gently, and she didn't resist. "We've been together three months."
"Two months," said Kelly.
"It seems like longer," said Scott. Kelly punched him in the shoulder. "Ow! Because we know each other so well!"
"Should we call the spousal abuse hotline, Scott?" Martin joked. "Do you need a safe place to stay?"
"Hah hah," said Scott. "She's usually a lot nicer."
"Like, how much nicer?" Martin asked.
"It just keeps getting better and better," Scott smiled gleefully, childlike.
"The sex?" asked Martin.
"Everything!" said Scott.
"Mmm... the sex must be something else, then," Martin mused. "Except she won't let you touch her asshole."
"No, she won't," said Scott.
"Not even run a finger across it," said Martin.
"Well, I've done that a few times, but not really touch it," said Scott.
"And what are we here to do today, Kelly?" asked Martin.
She looked down at her feet and mumbled something.
"What was that?" asked Martin.
"Let him play back there," said Kelly.
"Let Scott touch your asshole?" asked Martin.
"Yes."
"Put a finger in it?"
She sighed. "Yes."
"Put his tongue in it?"
She glared at Martin. "You're gonna make me barf."
"Well?"
She looked down again at her nervously swinging feet. "Yes."
"What else?"
"Whatever he wants."
"And what does he want?"
"To put in his dick."
"Where?" asked Martin.
Kelly looked at the camera, exasperated. "Guess."
"I want you to say where," said Martin.
She looked at her feet again. "My sewage pipe."
"Hah! I've never heard it called that," said Martin.
She glared at him again. "Am I wrong?"
"I suppose you aren't," said Martin. "Is that all?"
Kelly nervously crossed her legs, looking down. "To cum in there."
"In your backside?"
Kelly glared at Martin again. "That's what I said."
"Kelly, let me tell you," said Martin with an air of certitude. "This will do wonders for your relationship with Scott. You'll thank me. You really will."
Kelly just glared at Martin, speechless. She gave him the finger.
Martin said, "You really love her, don't you Scott? I can see by the way you look at her as she struggles with this."
"With all my heart," Scott confessed. "I've asked her to marry me several times. She keeps saying no."
"Why are you saying no to him, Kelly?" said Martin. "You know a lot of women would kill to be in your position. He asked you even without ever having fucked you in the asshole. Guys just shouldn't do that. What do you have to say for yourself?"
"It's only been two months, Martin," said Kelly. "And... it's complicated. And I can't show him to my parents, but my parents disowned me anyways."
"They disowned you?" asked Martin.
"Yeah, they disowned me when they found out about the first video," said Kelly.
"Oh, that's bad," said Martin.
"And they stopped paying the student loan, which is now due," said Kelly.
"Which is why you are again a distressed dilettante. It all makes sense now," said Martin. "But we're getting ahead of ourselves. But Scott, dude, congrats. She's in your bed. Every night?" asked Martin.
"Just on the weekends," said Scott.
"I have classes!" Kelly protested.
"Regardless, I have to hand it to you," said Martin. "You won our bet. Here's your hundred bucks."
"Oh, no," said Scott.
Kelly snatched the Benjamin out of Martin's fingers. She put it in front of Scott's face like a load of poo in front of a dog. "What's this, babe?"
"It's a stupid bet," said Scott. "I made it before we even knew each other. It's nothing."
Martin unhelpfully explained, "He bet me that he'd have you in his bed within a month of our first shoot."
"You fucker!" Kelly shouted at Scott, and punched him in the arm. "And you!" she snarled at Martin. Claws out, she ran towards the camera.
Martin laughed as the camera wobbled and shut off.
The picture came back on with Kelly and Scott again sitting peaceably next to each other. "What happened?" asked Martin.
Scott said, "I explained to Kelly that I took the bet to demonstrate that I really cared about her long term. To show Martin he should care about Kelly, too. To try to convince him not to trick her. That's the only reason I took the bet."
"And I explained to Kelly that Scott's motives were as he says, clearly," said Martin.
"But you're a fuckin' pervert!" said Kelly, pointing at Martin.
"Guilty as charged," said Martin from behind the camera. "And what happened to the money?"
Kelly pulled the wadded bill out of her pocket. "It's mine!" she grinned.
"And happily so," said Martin. "So are we back to domestic bliss?"
"Except his ex-girlfriend keeps showing up with another spare key while we're having sex," said Kelly.
"And do you invite her to join in?" asked Martin.
"Are you crazy? She's a murderous bitch," said Kelly.
"Takes one to know one," said Martin. Kelly gave him the finger.
"Is this the one who could shoot ping pong balls out of her cunt?" asked Martin.
"No, this is the inventor lady," said Scott.
"The sex toy entrepreneur?" asked Martin.
"The very one," said Scott.
"Well, let's get to the scene," said Martin. "Are you ready, Kelly?"
"Fuck no," said Kelly.
"She's gotten a real potty mouth hanging out with you," said Martin.
"Sorry," said Scott.
(To be continued)