All characters are over 18.
***
Don McNaught had a great job selling gym equipment to schools. He traveled all over Canada and met a lot of gorgeous gym teachers on the way.
Over the years he'd worked out an action plan that not only sold gym equipment but tested the water to see if these lithe ladies were looking for a good fuck. It was amazing how many of these teachers had ended up with him between their legs.
Usually, it took place in an equipment room on a pile of floor mats and a few times on the desk in their office but he was about to have a new experience. In this particular school, unbeknown to him were a couple of women that could only be described as gorgeous.
Sarah was around 35, a redhead, with an incredible figure and Michelle, who appeared to be her assistant, was about 28 with amazing tits. When he walked into the gym to meet them after hours, he knew they liked the look of him from their expressions.
They sat on some equipment and looked through his catalogue, but it wasn't long before he managed to steer the conversation around to sex. He started by talking about the younger generation and got around to saying how regular sex was really good for your overall health.
Both the women giggled at this statement and Sarah said that he must be getting quite a lot because he looked so very healthy.
"Do you think it's good to be adventurous when you're having sex," she asked with a wry smile.
"Love adventure," he replied, feeling confident that something good was going to develop from this conversation.
"Michelle and I were only talking yesterday about how you could combine sex with exercise by using gym equipment."
Don's heart began to race, "I think there are all kinds of possibilities there," he mused, having a wee bit of a job sitting straight with his dick pressing against his pants.
"Of course we've never tried it," Michelle said, "We've not really found the right man to try it with, most of the men here have a chore getting in and out of their chairs."
"I'm always available to further the cause of higher education," he smiled, now having to stand to relieve the pressure on his boner.
"Maybe we should all take our clothes off and do a little jiggin, maybe we can prove whether it offers improved health benefits," she grinned.
The women were only wearing tank tops and sweats and they slipped out of them while Don was still trying to get his shoes off. Impatient to get things moving the two women started to assist him and both stood back when he, completely naked, showed off his rather long hard circumcised cock.
"I like your equipment said Sarah, "And I don't mean the stuff in your catalogue."
Michelle laughed and asked if he guaranteed satisfaction.
Don was beginning to think he was the luckiest guy alive as the two women started to move their hands all over his body as if he was a god or something. It was Michelle who first ran her fingers over his body and stopped with a smile when she grasped his hard shaved dick. However, before things went any further Sarah suggested that they all took a shower.
"If we're all going to start a little jiggin action," she said, "We should make sure we're all clean."
He was in total agreement as Sarah led the way to the showers. They ended up under the cascading water soaping up while caressing and teasing one another.
Don couldn't wait to get hold of Michelle's tits, he washed them thoroughly for her. She leaned back on the tiled wall as he circled them with his strong hands rubbing and pulling on her very erect nipples. Then Sarah not wanting to be cut out of the fun came up behind and put her arm around him pressing her tits against his back.
Michelle seemed to be getting very excited as the caressing of her tits continued and she suddenly turned, put her hands against the wall and stuck out her bum inviting him to stick his throbbing cock in her open cunt. As he did so Sarah slipped her hands between his legs, gently played with his balls and fingered his asshole.
While Don pounded Michelle's pussy he slipped his arms around her and grabbed hold of her tits, massaging them in time with his powerful thrusts. It wasn't long before she screamed out in lust, "I'm cumming - I'm cumming,".
Sarah got all excited and started to finger his balls and asshole with increased enthusiasm. When he shot his load he let out a scream, ramming his cock into Michelle's pussy repeatedly with dominant force. As soon as he withdrew his cock from Michelle, Sarah was down on her knees sucking it for all it was worth.
Michelle, still trembling from her orgasm, came up from behind and started to gently squeeze on his balls while fingering Sarah. Sarah was plunging his cock in and out of her mouth enjoying Michelle's juice on his still hard cock, determined for him to cum again. It didn't take long as both women licked Don's cum oozing cock while finger fucking one another to orgasm.
Don didn't want to admit it but he was feeling exhausted when they all left the shower, his legs had gone wobbly as the three of them lay on the benches in the change room.
When it was all over, and they had put their clothes back on, Don asked them what they thought of the gym equipment he'd showed them in the catalogue.
"Oh we're not teachers," said Sarah, "We're just PTA members, we come here an evening a week to get some exercise. Miss Tory, who was due to meet you here, won't be able to make it until just after seven. Maybe we should hang around and make it a foursome."