Herbert felt drained. Drained in spirit, drained in energy, but most of all drained of his precious sperm. He had given up more than a pint of cum at the hands of his teacher, his stepsister and her friend, and he wondered how long it would take his body to replenish the lost stores of his valuable seed.
Yet even now, as he lay awake in bed, he was thinking lusty thoughts of Amy and her equally domineering friend Cecilia, who had proven herself quite adept at forcing two ejaculations from him earlier in the day while Amy and Ms. Fields looked on in utter fascination. He had surprised everyone with his show of virility, but most of all he had surprised himself. It was amazing what a cock could do in the hands of a gifted dominatrix, he thought.
Cecilia had decided to sleep over, as she sometimes did on the weekends. Herbert had said goodnight to her earlier as she disappeared into Amy's bedroom with her toothbrush in hand, looking ever so sexy even in her pajamas. He knew what topic she and his sister would be discussing that evening. He knew because every now and then the ebullient laughter of the two girls came crashing like an intermittent tidal wave upon his consciousness, mocking him, teasing him, reminding him that only several hours earlier his 15-inch penis had surrendered load after load of his creamy spunk to the irresistible masturbatory techniques of the dark-haired girl. He thought it was the laughter of victory.
It had been Amy's idea to tell her mother everything that had happened at school. Herbert had tried to dissuade her, but she was adamant that Constance should know exactly what was going on. Herbert thought his stepmother would be angry with him, but she responded with great interest upon hearing the details of the sordid story, approving, rather than condemning, the actions of Ms. Fields. When she heard that Herbert had achieved orgasm four times within an hour, and that two of his ejaculations had been the result of Cecilia's handiwork, she complimented the girl very highly, and made it official, there and then, that Cecilia would be attending the annual Halloween party. She did not invite him, however.
It was almost midnight and he couldn't sleep. Every time he closed his eyes the events that had occurred earlier in the day played out in his mind like a cheap porno flick with him in the leading role. He saw the beautiful face of his teacher laughing gaily as she pulled happily away on his monstrous organ, her long, delicate fingers playing upon his sensitive flesh as though she were fingering a flute, coaxing out his sperm with every deft manipulation. And then there was Cecilia—little Cecilia, the brown-eyed beauty with the oversized ego, gifted with hands that were designed to masturbate a penis. He was looking down upon her as she ministered to his cock, completely in control of it, and demanding its obeisance. He saw his hot white seed shoot out from the tip of his prick, flying over the head of the laughing girl, and sailing a dozen feet beyond into the wall. He heard the girls' cries of delight as he continued to orgasm, their faces registering astonishment and amusement as he was provoked to fire off successive volleys of creamy sperm until he felt his legs collapse beneath him.
Unconsciously, his hand reached down between his legs to fondle his genitals: he had become as hard as a rock. Realizing that something had to be done, and surprised that he was horny at all after relinquishing so much sperm earlier in the day, he threw off his covers and sat down at his desk in front of the computer screen. In a few moments he was online surfing for porn, especially anything CFNM related. It didn't take him long to find what he wanted. As he sat there in the darkened room basking in the soft, luminous glow of the monitor, images of clothed women appeared along with their naked male counterparts, all of them engaged in the compelling fantasy he had come to love so much.
After playing a few videos he settled on jerking off to some pictures from a relatively new stripper site that focused on CFNM scenarios. A bunch of wild college girls were sitting around a naked black stripper with a huge prick, urging him on. It didn't take him long to cum, shooting gigantic ropes of sperm into one of the girls' champagne glass.
Herbert pulled furiously on his cock, so engrossed in pleasuring himself that he barely had time to lay down a towel on his desk to protect it from the oncoming blasts of sperm. But before he could bring himself off, he heard the sound of intense laughter coming from behind him—Amy and Cecilia were in his room.
"You fucking pervert!" Amy squealed, pointing at his cock. "I can't believe you still have any cum left in those big balls of yours after what happened today."
"His dick is almost touching the screen!" Cecilia remarked with amusement.
At first Herbert reacted with shock and dismay to the unexpected intrusion. But it was useless to protest. For one thing, Amy, and the rest of females in the house, always had unrestricted access to any area of it, including the bedrooms and bathrooms. And secondly, there was no point in hiding his penis since the girls had seen it many times already. He just stood there with his cock in hand, a silly grin on his face.
"I can't sleep," he replied feebly, his prick straining for release.
Cecilia walked over to the computer and saw a picture of a big, black man with a huge cock sucking himself off in front of a crowd of girls. "Amy, come over here and take a look at this."
Amy moved next to her friend. "Oh wow!" she said, laughing at the picture. "Can you do that, Herbert?"
Herbert looked at the screen. "What? You mean give myself a blowjob?"
"Yeah, can you do it?"
"I don't know. I never tried."
The girl smiled mischievously and looked at Cecilia. "What do you think?"
"I think he should give it a try."
"Oh, come on girls," Herbert protested, "I'm not in the mood to entertain you tonight. You've already had your fun today."
"Please, Herbert," Cecilia cooed. "You're going blow your load anyway, so why not try? Please. Just try it."
"Yeah," Amy agreed. "You should be able to get about half of that thing in your mouth with no problem."
Herbert laughed despite himself. "I don't know about half, maybe just the tip."
"I don't care how much you can get in your mouth," Cecilia said. "Just shut up and do it."
Herbert knew he was going to lose the argument. There was no way he could stand up to these two young women and he was in no mood to argue with them. The thought of self-fellatio had never occurred to him, and the thought of performing such a private act in front of his stepsister and her friend excited him immensely. "Okay," he said. "I'll do it."
Both girls giggled loudly and sat down on the bed to watch him suck himself off.
Herbert removed his tee shirt and underwear and sat on the chair in front of the girls. His prick was leaking pre-cum and he knew it wouldn't take much to get him off. Stretching his legs before him, he sucked in his stomach and lowered his head onto his shaft, finding it easy to accommodate the huge purple tip into his mouth. It was a new sensation for him and he liked it.
"I knew he could do it!" Amy laughed, clapping her hands together with joy. "Come on. You can get more of it in your mouth."
Cecilia sat entranced at the spectacle, making suggestive comments and urging Herbert to cum. "Shoot that fucking jizz!" she ordered him. "Shoot it all into your mouth!"
Herbert sucked himself more energetically with the urging of the two demanding girls. He knew he was only seconds away from a mind-blowing orgasm.
"Swallow it!" Cecilia ordered him. "I want you to swallow every little drop!"
The thought of drinking his own sperm did not appeal to Herbert. "No way," he replied, taking his mouth from his cock. "I hate the taste of cum."
"Oh, so you've tasted your own cum, have you?" Amy laughed.
"Yes, and it's terrible."
"Well, then," Cecilia said, acquiescing, "shoot it into your face."
Amy squealed. "Great idea! No wait. I have a better one. Herbert, when you're ready to shoot off, don't touch your dick. Just let it go off by itself."
"Yes!" Cecilia agreed. "A hands-free orgasm. Those are so cool."
"Like the guy we saw in your brother's porno tape do!"
"With the big schlong bouncing back and forth shooting ropes of cum into the air!"
"Excellent fucking idea!"
Both girls now turned their attention to Herbert. "Do it!" Amy said sternly. "And hurry up. We've got get back to sleep."
With their encouragement it didn't take look for Herbert to orgasm. Obeying his stepsister's wishes, he removed his mouth just as he was about to erupt and kept his head as far down as possible toward his prick so that when it finally did shoot off, he caught most of the creamy load in his face.
"This is so fucking sick!" Cecilia laughed as she watched rope after rope of hot spunk splash into Herbert's face.
The enormous prick fired off about a dozen or more creamy salvos before it was over. The girls were on the floor laughing hysterically. Herbert's face was completely covered in cum.
"You look fucking ridiculous!" Amy said to him. "You should see yourself!"
Herbert rushed into the bathroom. Once he saw himself in the mirror he started to laugh too. He did indeed look ridiculous. But the truth was, he had enjoyed it. He loved having the girls watch him cum, even if it was humiliating. In fact, he found that he got even more excited when it was humiliating for him. He wished he could spend the rest of his life masturbating his big tool in front of them for their pleasure.
When the girls returned to Amy's bedroom Herbert decided to get to sleep. Ms. Fields was due around 4:00 p.m., and he wanted to look his best.

************

Constance liked to keep her house meticulously clean. And in the pursuit of this admirable goal she often enlisted the help of her three stepsons. The boys may not have appreciated being used as lackeys in their stepmother's cleaning projects, but their distaste for manual labor never sufficed to keep them from obeying her orders. Their father had made it quite clear that all three boys were to obey Constance's commands without question, and in so far as those demands were reasonable, they did. However, when she told them that they must clean the house in the nude, both Frederick and William protested violently. Herbert did not appear to be offended by this demand. In fact, the idea of walking around naked in front of his stepmother and three stepsisters excited him greatly. It must have had something to do with his natural inclination toward exhibitionism. Only with some persuasion did he convince his other brothers to give it a try. This they did, reluctantly at first. However, it did not take long for both boys to see that there were some fringe benefits to be gained from walking around the house completely nude at their stepmother and stepsisters' beck and call.
For one thing, the boys were always treated with great respect and deference, being the recipients of praise for their physical beauty from all four females. And then of course there was the wonderful incentive of being masturbated in front of Constance and the girls for a job well done. That proved to be the greatest inducement of all to ensure their collective compliance. Each boy knew that Constance derived a sense of power from having them walk naked around the house obeying her orders, but they also benefited from the role that they had chosen to play. But to perform housework in the nude in front of Constance and her daughters was one thing; to appear naked in front of strangers was something else entirely.
"I'm not sure this is a good idea," Frederick stated emphatically. "I don't feel comfortable answering the door for Herbert's teacher without my clothes on."
The three boys were on their break, sitting down outside on the veranda having lunch, completely nude.
"Me neither," William concurred. "She expects too much from us."
Herbert thought his brothers were being foolish. "Look guys," he began, "it's going to be okay. I told you, Iris...Ms. Fields...has already seen my dick. She's fucking jerked my dick, so she already has a good idea of what to expect."
"I don't give a rat's ass what she expects, little brother," Frederick said. "I don't think I want to do this."
"Me either." William said to Herbert. "I mean, why do we have to walk around the house in the nude while your teacher is here, anyway? What fucking purpose is that going to serve except to humiliate us?"
"Don't look at it like that," Herbert replied, reaching for his glass. "Look at it as an opportunity to possibly get whacked off by a beautiful woman."
Frederick laughed. "Oh! So that's what this is all about Mr. Exhibitionist! It wasn't enough that Ms. Fields stroked your tool to what? Two earth-shattering orgasms? Now you want more?"
"I wasn't thinking of just me."
William looked pensive. "Well, you've got to admit, Freddie, she is the hottest piece of ass in town."
"No question about it," Frederick replied. "But she was our fucking teacher, man! Now we're asked to parade our bits in front of her just to amuse our wicked stepmother's whim? I don't think so."
"Why?" Herbert asked. "Are you embarrassed about it?"
"Yeah," Frederick answered. "I am. I'm embarrassed. And did you ever stop to think that she might be embarrassed—no, strike that—how about 'freaked out' at seeing some naked guy at the front door?"
William burst out laughing. "Shit! That's right, Herbert! We're the ones who have to answer the fucking door! Can you imagine the look on Ms. Field's face?"
"How do you do, Ms. Fields?" Frederick said in a mockingly affected voice. "I hope you don't mind but I always greet people at the door in my birthday suit. Please don't be offended."
"Oh! Oh!" William exclaimed in mock dismay, his voice rising a few octaves. "I'm going to tell your stepmother on you! You naughty boy!"
"But she's the one who made me do it, Ms. Fields. Won't you please come in?"
"What a disgusting family!" William said, feigning disdain.
All three boys were now laughing heartily. Herbert immediately stopped drinking when he felt his soda on the verge of being ejected out of his mouth. He recovered his equilibrium just in time before sending a mouthful of liquid onto the table. "I say we should all just relax and not worry about it."
The laughter seemed to alleviate some of the tension, but Frederick still seemed skeptical. "How the fuck did we ever allow ourselves to get into this CFNM shit?"
"Oh, come on, man." William said. "It's not that bad. Constance is good to us and she really loves dad. All she asks is that we play this little game of hers. I don't see the problem. Except for ordering us to be naked in front of strangers, we're doing pretty well."
"Agreed," Herbert said. "Think about it for a moment, guys. The most beautiful woman in town, maybe in the whole damn state, gave me a fucking hand job—no, two hand jobs—yesterday, and now she's coming over here to meet everybody. That tells you that she's not afraid to get down and dirty. If she had any reservations, she wouldn't come at all. It was her fucking idea! I say, let's roll with it and see where it leads."
For a few minutes both William and Frederick remained quiet, digesting what Herbert had said.
"I hate to admit it," Frederick said to William, "but the little fucker is right. Maybe we should give it a try and see where it goes."
"I don't know, man," Frederick replied, not entirely convinced. "I'm telling you she's going to freak."
"So? Let her freak." Herbert said. "At least we'll know if she really wants to be part of this CFNM thing or not."
Despite his initial reluctance, Frederick found this final piece of information most convincing. "Oh, what the hell! She's already seen your gargantuan tool so I guess seeing our dicks is going to be anti-climactic anyway."
"Speak for yourself, bro!" William said flatly. "Maybe the lady likes them in all sizes."
By the time the boys had finished lunch and resumed their work, all of them were in agreement that they should follow Herbert's advice and let things take their course.
The housecleaning had taken the boys the better part of the afternoon to complete. But by the time they had finished the house looked splendid, and Constance was very happy. It was now almost 4:00 p.m., and as she and her three daughters sat together in the parlor dressed casually and enjoying drinks served to them by the naked boys, the doorbell rang.
"Frederick," Constance said to the boy. "Answer it, please."
"Why did I know it was going to be me?" he said softly to himself as he went to answer the door.
As the door slowly opened to admit its visitor, Frederick hid partially behind it, holding one hand over its genitals. "Hi, Ms. Fields. Come on in."
Iris stared curiously at the boy, wondering why he was keeping half of his body out of view. "Are you naked?" she asked him with a surprised look.
"Yes," he replied. "Stepmother's orders. Please, come in. They're waiting for you in the parlor."
She noticed that his face seemed to flush over, and that his hand never left his genitals.
"Is this some kind of joke? If so, I don't think it's very funny."
"It isn't meant to be funny, miss." Frederick assured her. "Please go in. She'll explain everything."
Without looking at him again, she walked slowly into the parlor where she was warmly greeted by Constance and her daughters.
"It's so nice to meet you, Iris," Constance said, rising to greet her guest. "You're certainly every bit as beautiful as Herbert said you were."
The two women shook hands and then Iris was introduced to the three girls. But she couldn't help noticing that Herbert and William, like Frederick, were nude. "Why are these boys naked?" she asked Constance.
"This is a CFNM household, Iris. As such, I expect my stepsons to obey my every wish. They are naked out of respect to me and the power I wield over them. Please do not be offended. If their nakedness offends you I will ask them to leave."
"I'm not offended, just surprised."
Constance smiled. "Then please, sit down and have some tea."
"Thank you," Iris replied, as she sat down on the couch next to Constance.
Amy, Fiona, Lillian, and Cecilia sat on a sofa directly across from the two women. On either side of them stood Herbert and William, naked except for a towel each boy held across his arm.
Hello Herbert," Iris said to the boy.
"Hello, Ms. Fields." Herbert replied. "You look very lovely today."
"And you look..." She interrupted her speech to admire his huge prick, imposing even in its semi-tumescent state. "Most handsome."
"The boys have spent the past seven hours cleaning the house," Constance told Iris. "They are such fine boys."
"I think they did a wonderful job," Iris replied looking around her. "How are you, William?"
"I'm fine, Ms. Fields," he replied. "I hope you are too."
"Yes, thank you. It's been a long time since you were in my class."
"Six years, I believe, miss."
Iris shook her head. "The time does go by quickly does it not?"
"Yes, miss. It does."
Seeing Frederick was absent, Constance wasted no time in ordering him into the parlor. "Frederick! Come in here!"
A few moments later the still somewhat embarrassed lad came traipsing into the parlor. He continued to hold his right hand in front of his genitals.
"We'll have none of that! Take your hand away right now!" Constance demanded.
"But I feel embarrassed," the boy complained. "She was my teacher."
"Take you hand away," Constance repeated, this time in a more sinister voice.
"If you wish," Frederick said, lowering his hand very slowly.
Iris never took her eyes off of Frederick's genitals, noticing that he was partially erect.
"Ha! Ha!" Amy suddenly exclaimed. "So that's what you've been hiding!"
"Shut up, Amy!" Constance said. "Come over here Frederick and pour some tea for Ms. Fields."
"Yes, stepmother."
In an instant he was by his old teacher's side, filling her cup with tea.
"Sometimes my boys can get a little irascible," Constance said to Iris. "But they know that it's always best to obey me."
As Frederick finished his task he once more stood upright, his now erect penis bobbing up and down in front of him. His face was beet red.
"I guess he's happy to see you," Constance said to Iris.
All of the women laughed.
Frederick wanted nothing more to exit the room as fast as possible. He did not know why he had developed an erection at such an inopportune time, but there was nothing he could do about it. He stood there like a statue waiting for the laughter to die down.
"Shall we get down to business?" Constance asked Iris, still enjoying the result of her jibe.
"That's fine with me," Iris replied, sneaking a look at Frederick's expanding cock.
The girls on the other side of the room were talking softy amongst themselves, punctuating their discourse with intermittent giggles, Frederick's unruly penis the apparent object of their discussion. One stern look from Constance ended their gaiety.
"That's quite enough," she said. "Frederick, take your hard-on somewhere else for the moment until I call for you."
Frederick was glad to be gone. As he walked briskly out of the room his penis swayed to and fro, which made everyone chuckle. Even his brothers couldn't suppress their amusement at his sporting an erection under such circumstances which he, himself, had complained of as being stressful.
For the next half hour, Iris explained to Constance what had occurred at the school on the preceding day, sparing none of the details. Knowing that Constance had already been briefed by Herbert made the going a little easier. Despite this, she had half expected Constance to respond with some form of righteous indignation, but the ever-gracious woman never raised an eyebrow.
"I think some explanation is in order," Constance said to the beautiful teacher. "After you hear what I have to say, you can choose to become one of us or not. It will be your choice. But I just want you to know that I totally approve of your behavior. Penises are meant to be controlled by women—and girls," she said, glancing at her younger counterparts sitting across from her. "I will not bring any charges against you for immoral conduct. You can rest easy on that account."
"I'm glad to hear it," Iris replied. "From what Herbert and Amy told me, I got the impression that you were a highly intelligent and progressive woman who did not abide by the hypocritical rules of our society. I'm glad to see that they were right."
"It took a lot of guts for you to come here not fully knowing the truth. And I respect that in a person."
Constance spent some time going over the more basic aspects of what the Sisterhood was all about, giving Iris a more complete understanding of the Order. Once in a while Herbert noticed that his teacher's eyes would open wide when told of some particular spicy tale, but that, for the most part, she would frequently nod in agreement with her host as she explained the more abstruse points relating to what the Sisterhood expected of it members.
"We want nothing less than to create a new world order," Constance continued. "The ways of men have failed. Their legacy is etched in blood and almost constant warfare. The Sisterhood wants to make an end of male supremacy. It is the only rational solution."
"I can't say that I disagree," Iris countered. "But wresting power from a patriarchal system such as ours is going to be extremely difficult. How are you going to accomplish this feat?"
"We are accomplishing it even now—right here. Look at these boys. Do you know why they have submitted themselves to female rule?"
"I have no idea."
"They have come to realize that our ways, the ways of the Sisterhood, are the ways of our mother Earth who nurtures us all. The Sisterhood is the gentle but firm guiding hand that will keep the destructive and warlike male impulses at bay. And our male population will thank us for it."
"But how are you going to achieve this? Drug them? I don't see how it's possible—at least not on a massive scale. Men will not willingly abandon power."
"That is true. They won't. But those who cannot be persuaded to live under our rule will not enjoy the benefits of it. And there will be many benefits indeed—beginning with the end of all warfare on Earth."
"Those are very lofty goals," Iris said, scrutinizing her host. "If unrealistic."
"Not as unrealistic as you might think. I have found that most men are sick of the violence and the unending strife associated with the compulsion to dominate others."
"But you want to dominate as well. Isn't that hypocritical?"
"Our form of domination is different. The Sisterhood does not seek to create armies that go uninvited into other peoples' countries so that we can use and abuse them with impunity. All we seek is to keep men happy and contented so that they can pursue more profitable enterprises other than war. We do this by assuming positions of power in the political world. But we are also involved in many different social arenas—the media, the arts, our educational systems...they all provide women with talent and insight a chance to bring us further toward our goal of world domination. For example, as a teacher, you are in a superb position to mold the young male mind."
Iris looked at the three young men standing quietly but attentively next to her. Despite their youth and their natural male impulses, they seemed quite placid. Maybe it was possible to control these wayward impulses with the methods the Sisterhood employed. It certainly seemed as if Constance had achieved no small measure of success with her stepsons using these same methods.
"One has to be careful in the public school system," Iris said. "You can't go against established tradition without expecting a backlash of ignorance, hate, and possible violence. What I did with Herbert would be grounds for my dismissal from my job and God knows what other unpleasant entanglements with the law. So I really don't see how I can promulgate the Sisterhood's ideology in such an atmosphere."
"I agree that it is difficult to overcome the prejudice and hypocrisy of a social system that has gone awry. You are quite correct in what you say. However, there are ways of planting seeds of our belief system such that they will at least take root. I can show you how this is being done, right now, everywhere around the world."
"For instance?"
"Here, right in Point Lookout. There are many people in this town who are far more progressive than outward appearances might reveal. You would be amazed at how many people are with us."
Iris laughed. "I know my mother is one of them."
"Yes, she is."
"I would have never guessed. She never said a word."
"Because she would have been breaking a sacred vow. She knew that you were not ready to accept our beliefs and that's why she remained silent."
"Our beloved principal too?"
"Right again. You see, Iris, the world is changing—even if you are not yet aware of it. It is being done in subtle ways. It has to. We are not as physically strong as men are, and therefore we cannot intimidate them into becoming less violent. We must use our powers of persuasion, manipulation, and—dare I say it—one of our most potent tools: sexual control."
"May I say something mother?" Fiona asked.
Without waiting for a reply, the lovely blonde turned to Iris. "My mother is one of those people within the Sisterhood who believes that one of the best ways to keep guys docile is to frequently masturbate them. At least once or twice a day, sometimes even more."
"We have a special term for it," Lillian broke in. "It's called 'milking'."
"I've heard of the term," Iris said. "But what is the difference between milking and masturbation?"
Amy took this as an invitation to respond. "Masturbation is simply jerking someone off. Milking is a term used by female dominatrix's to describe a process called 'tease and denial,' which prolongs the masturbatory period for an extended time in order to produce a more robust cumshot."
"We like to milk a guy's balls really dry," Cecilia added. "And milking is the way to do it."
"Sperm, or the overproduction of the stuff, is the problem," Constance said, addressing herself to Iris. "Guys make billions of sperm every day. And they are constantly horny. This rutting sensation compels them to seek sex with a woman. When they can't find sex they jerk off. But it's a one-shot deal. It does not make them compliant. To do this, we need to milk them of all of their sperm on a daily basis. Sometimes we need to milk them over and over again until they are completely drained. I recently had to milk my own husband, Michael, who is on business in Europe, four times in a row to rid him of his semen."
This admission amused Iris. "Your hand must get very tired I would assume."
"It does indeed!" Constance laughed.
"Yeah, but we have devices that we use sometimes when our hands get tired, or when we're not in the mood," Lillian said.
"Really?" Iris asked. "What kind of devices are we talking about?"
"Herbert, go into my study and get the magic hand," Constance said. "And bring the tube of hand cream."
Herbert did as he was told and returned moments later with both items in his hands. He watched as Constance demonstrated to Iris how the device worked. Iris was fascinated.
"I've never seen such a thing in my life," the gorgeous teacher admitted as she held the lifelike female hand in her own. "It feels so real."
"Actually, it's made from a new hybrid plastic called dimethylene. Very, very much like human flesh. Just push the little button on the arm and the thing vibrates. On the larger models you can get the hand to actually move up and down the shaft of the penis while the subject sits comfortably in a chair. It can be programmed too. It's quite a labor saver."
"It's a lot of fun," Cecilia said, giggling loudly.
"And how would you know that?" Constance asked the girl.
"My mother has the one that goes up and down. She used it the other day on my father."
"Wow!" Iris remarked. "You actually saw your mother jerk your dad off with this thing?"
"She lets me watch once in a while. I used it on my brother a few days ago. You should have seen the amount of cum I got out of him. It's really amazing."
"You have an interesting family life," Iris replied, taken somewhat aback by the girl's candor.
"Don't judge her too harshly," Constance said. "You must remember that we of the Sisterhood are pagans. Anyway, most of us are. We do not abide by the moral standards taught to us by the world's dominant religions. We see them all as essentially false and emblematic of obsolete patriarchal systems, and therefore incompatible with Sisterhood ideology and human happiness."
"But where do you draw the line?" Iris asked. "A young girl like Cecilia watching her father getting masturbated by her mother—and with this contraption no less?" She turned to Cecilia. "Did you actually watch your dad come?"
Cecilia laughed. "Of course. That's the whole idea. I've seen my mother bring my dad off lots of times. I love seeing guys shoot their loads."
"But he's your father," Iris said, finding it hard to believe that the girl was telling the truth.
"So?" Cecilia replied. "So what? He's still a man. And men need to be milked."
"You must understand something, Iris," Constance said. "We want our initiates to see and experience everything there is to know about sex and how to use sex as a form of control over the male. What better way to learn than at home?"
"It sounds incestuous," Iris responded with dismay.
"Nothing of the kind," Amy said. "We don't actually do stuff with our parents. But we can watch."
"Yes, the girls can watch," Constance resumed. "It has been shown that voyeurism in the home has actually helped parents and siblings achieve greater pleasure when they orgasm—and far less guilt."
Iris had been informed by Amy the day previously that acolytes were sometimes involved in watching their parents engage in sexual practices, but she could not bring herself to believe it. Now, hearing it from Constance, she was forced to conclude that such things did indeed occur, and she found it rather alarming.
"Is this not a form of mental abuse?" she said to Constance. "I can't imagine a young girl enjoying the sight of her father ejaculating. It seems a very wicked thing to do."
"You are judging us by the standards of conventional morality," Constance replied. "Those rules do not apply here. That is not to say that we do not have a strong sense of ethics—we do. It's just that we do not believe in being hypocritical about the nature of our bodies. We do not believe that we are born in sin, or that the human body is dirty, as those steeped in religion believe. My own daughter Fiona was eighteen years old when she attended her first Sisterhood party, and she loved it. She was the youngest of my daughters to participate in the milking of huge black submissive."
"I still remember that day," Fiona said, all smiles. "My mother had put this big glob of Vaseline on my hand and I got the big black guy off in no time. He came like a horse! I remember getting all this cum over my hands. But it felt so good...you know, controlling that big stiff prick of his. I'll never forget it."
"There is nothing shameful about young people learning to love sex," Constance said to Iris. "And what better place to learn than from your own family? I'm not suggesting we engage in incest, but we can certainly learn by watching others. It is natural and right. Only traditional religions subvert the human being's natural proclivity toward sexual knowledge. The great suffering and misery such belief systems have wrought upon the world cannot be underestimated."
"Although I was born into a conservative Christian family, I myself have always believed in moral relativism," Iris admitted. "What works for humanity in one age, doesn't work in another. Times change and we have to change with the times."
Exactly," Constance said, sensing that she was making an ally. "The ancient Spartans left their infants to die on a hillside if the child was born defective. It was not considered immoral to do so. Today, if any parent did such a thing, he or she would be charged with murder. As you said, times change."
"Personally, I think the ancients were far more civilized than we are today, especially in matters concerning sexuality and religious toleration."
"Quite true. Before Constantine the Great made Christianity the official religion of the Roman Empire, the Romans tolerated many different belief systems, and they worshipped many different gods. And young people were not prohibited from learning about sex. It was Christianity that made sex dirty and sinful. The early Christian fathers taught us to hate our bodies and despise the flesh, never fully comprehending that in their desire to abnegate the self, they were also casting a negative judgment upon the God that created us. Look to my own children as an example of the Sisterhood way of life. All three of my kids are sound in mind and body. None of them take any drugs. They don't smoke and they don't drink except in moderation. They are all honor students and have a vibrant social life. They are unimpeded by the insane doctrines, traditions, and rituals of a perverse and patriarchal religious system. They are the future: a new breed of woman who is going to rule the world."
Constance cast a loving eye upon her three offspring, who, along with Cecilia, sat quietly with smiles on their faces, absorbing every word the woman had to say.
"I must say that I am quite impressed by your Sisterhood," Iris said. "It might take me a little while to accept some of your doctrines, but essentially, I am in agreement with most of them."
"Splendid!" Constance replied, smiling broadly. "Take your time and think things over. If you find that you would like to join our Order, then I will act as your sponsor."
"I would like that."
"Excellent!"
For Herbert, seeing his stepmother and teacher get along so well was indeed comforting. He hadn't been quite sure how well Constance was going to react to the news that Iris had masturbated him, though he believed she would have acted with the same enlightened attitude that was the hallmark of her progressive mindset. That she did indeed behave with equanimity at the revealing news, and that he and his teacher would not suffer the possibility of any recriminations, proved that his instincts were correct. He smiled faintly, happy in the knowledge that at least one hurdle had been overcome.
"Tell me, Constance," Iris said. "How did you get involved with CFNM?"
Constance laughed. "That, my dear, is a long story."
"Go ahead, mom," Amy insisted. "Tell her about the black slaves during the Civil War. You know, Jim Knob and Black Willy."
The girl's voice seemed to acquire a certain animation at the mention of those two names and her eyes brightened considerably.
"Oh, dear! That story!"
"My ancestors used to keep slaves on the farm," Amy began telling Iris. "These two guys were the biggest..."
"All right," Constance said interrupting her. "I'll tell it."
The girls sat quietly in their seats, knowing that they were going to be entertained once more with the sordid but nonetheless truthful account of their family history. Before she began telling her story, Constance instructed Herbert, William, and Frederick to replenish each teacup. Once that had been attended to, she began her tale.
"Long before there was such a thing as the concept of 'clothed female, naked male' as an entertainment form, my great, great, great grandmother, whose name was Lily, had discovered it and practiced it assiduously on her farm in Raleigh. The Ainsworth family were plantation owners and they had, at one time, over one hundred slaves working the farm picking cotton. Lily was an avid writer and she left a journal, which has come down to us via the maternal line of the family. In it she describes some of the most, shall we say, indelicate aspects of how she went about choosing her male slaves."
"Tell her about Jim Knob and Black Willy," Amy reiterated.
"I'm getting to that," Constance replied. "Now don't ask me again." She turned to Iris. "You know why she's badgering me about those guys don't you?"
"They both had big dicks!" Amy blurted out.
Fiona and Lillian broke out laughing, and Cecilia slapped her friend on the back as she too followed suit.
"Yes, they did," Constance answered, "but I wasn't talking to you."
"Sorry, mom," the girl said, half apologetically.
"Do something useful and get me Lily's journal."
Amy got up off her seat and without a word disappeared into her mother's bedroom.
"So, you have a written record of Lily's exploits from the mid-19th century?" Iris inquired.
"Yes," Constance replied. "It's a family heirloom. Some of the language is very vulgar, even by contemporary standards. And I am amazed at how sexually debased some of these recorded incidents are."
"Are you saying that she revealed the sexual practices of these black slaves?"
"I'm saying that she recorded herownsexual practices with the slaves. How do you like that?"
"Old grandma liked them big, black, and full of spunk!" Lillian observed.
"That she did," Constance agreed. "And she made no bones about it."
This revelation struck Iris as somewhat mystifying. "Forgive me, I don't wish to cast doubt upon the veracity of your claim, but how could such a libidinous document survive destruction? It's what? Over 150 years old? If it would be considered pornographic now, it must have been absolutely wicked then. Am I right?"
"Yes," Constance replied. "But old Lily had one thing going for her—she was one of us: a Sister! It was the Sisterhood who preserved her journal, not the Ainsworth family itself. Otherwise it would have been destroyed long ago."
Just then Amy came running into the room with the journal in hand. She passed the book to her mother and resumed her seat next to Cecilia.
"Have you ever seen a book so well preserved?" Constance said, allowing Iris to run her hands over the hard, leather-bound cover.
"For its age? No. But I must say that it is quite lovely."
"The Sisters took exceptionally good care of it."
"Tell them about the slaves, mom," Amy once more insisted.
"Oh, all right!" Constance replied. "You can be most annoying sometimes, child!"
"She's like you, mom," Fiona said. "She likes to get her way."
Constance said nothing to this but simply opened the antiquated journal and put her finger on the top on the first page. She read aloud: 'Lily Ainsworth, Raleigh, North Carolina, July 4th, 1863. It is a damn hot Independence Day but I can't afford to celebrate with the other town folk because a new shipment of 20 Africans came over from Richmond and Benjamin and I need to attend to them. They are all males, mostly all over 6 feet in height and rather imposing to look at. They all need to be given Christian names. I will begin teaching the new arrivals our English language. I'll also have to teach a few of the more intelligent ones basic arithmetical skills. They will learn as they work.'
"That's amazing!" Iris said. "She sounds very educated."
"She was," Constance replied. "She was one of the first women to graduate from Harvard University in 1857."
"Really? And yet she tolerated slavery."
"Even Boston had slaves in those days. The Northerners like to think of themselves as being morally superior to us in regards to that issue, but they were just as guilty of keeping human beings in perpetual servitude."
"Mom!" Amy protested. "Get to the good part!"
"You're such a pain! Do you know that, Amy?"
Iris chuckled at the young girl's persistence. "What is it that has you so preoccupied?"
"She'll tell you. Mom?" Amy asked, staring at the mother.
"Okay, okay. The good part. Now listen carefully Iris. This is not made up. These are Lily's actual words. 'Two of the tallest men, Jim Knob and Black Willie, names given to the men by Jessie and Clara—the two youngest of my female slaves—are the handsomest of the bunch. They are also the most intelligent. But it is in their genitalia that they outshine their male counterparts.'
"Oh!" Amy exclaimed. "Here it comes!"
Ignoring her, Constance went on. 'It was sometime during the second month of their arrival here that I noticed something odd was taking place every few days at the slaves' quarters. Benjamin thought that is was simply the Africans engaging in their traditional tribal rituals, but the amount and loudness of the female voices told me that this was something different. I snuck down to the riverbank and watched from several yards away undetected. There, in the midst of a group of young women, stood Jim Knob and Black Willie, completely naked, their enormous penises flopping about as they danced around some kind of hastily constructed totem."
"This is incredible!" Iris exclaimed. "Now I understand what you mean by 'the good part,' Amy."
"It gets better," the girl replied. "Go ahead, mom."
"The dance lasted for a full hour, at the end of which both men were laid down onto the ground and masturbated by the entire group of females. Jim Knob, his organ being the longest, and the size of his testicles being far greater than that of Black Willie, was the first to be brought to climax, by the hands of none other than little Missy, Clara's eighteen-year-old daughter.'
"Can you imagine that?" Lillian said to Iris. "Now today, if such a thing like that happened in our society those people would have been reviled and punished as sexual deviants. But all those people were doing was observing some ancient ritualistic practice that was a part of their culture. Lily would have punished them severely if she were a Christian. But she wasn't. She was a Sister—a pagan. That's why those black people were allowed to continue their rituals—even when Benjamin later found out and objected to them."
"I still have a problem with young women performing sexual acts with these strange men," Iris said to Constance.
"In pagan cultures young girls figure prominently in sexual rituals, which involves the cycle of death and rebirth," Constance replied. "We do not have a taboo against them participating in these rituals because, as I've said before, sex is a beautiful gift of the Goddess and its secrets must not be hidden from our young people. Young boys too have their place in the Sisterhood schema, but they figure in it less prominently since their legacy is that of the aggressive male prototype."
"No more interruptions, mom!" Amy whined. "Please!"
Picking up where she left off, Constance began: 'Black Willie was very well endowed but a little less so than his friend. Kneeling beside him was another girl who I recognized as Abby, a nineteen-year-old who had both hands wrapped around the man's penis and was pulling wildly upon it in an up and down motion. Both girls were shown what to do by their mothers and within a matter of a few minutes both men began to ejaculate their semen high into the air while the girls laughed and applauded with great emotion, often resorting to their native tongue to praise their ancestral gods whom they believed would shower them with good fortune, just as the two men had showered them with their semen."
"Isn't that fucking great?" Amy said to Iris, her face all aglow.
"I must say, I am quite impressed."
"This is only the tip of the iceberg," Constance said to Iris. "This book is full of things that will curl your toes."
"I would love to read it sometime—with your permission of course."
"Any time you wish. You are always welcome here."
Herbert was enthralled by the story. He began to realize that the ancient Order of the Sisterhood had dug its tentacles deep into both the national and foreign landscape, and that, suddenly, Constance's vision of a new world order, governed by women, was not so unfeasible as he had at first thought.
The two women sat talking for another fifteen minutes before Constance asked Herbert to fetch Frederick.
"Tell him to bring his hard-on with him!" she instructed the boy as Herbert headed upstairs.
In less than a minute Frederick was following Herbert down the stairs and into the parlor. His face looked flushed.
"Ah, there you are!" Constance said, addressing the older boy as he reappeared alongside his younger brother, his penis still erect and provoking much amusement from the young girls. "What were you doing upstairs? Not masturbating I hope?"
"No, stepmother."
"Well, you could have fooled me!"
Frederick's unruly prick twitched uncomfortably at her comment. "It just won't go down. I don't know why."
"Well, I have a solution for that. I would like you to demonstrate the magic hand for Iris."
As she said this she picked up the replica of a female's hand and arm and told Frederick to sit between her and Iris. Frederick knew what the device could do because he had watched Constance use it on his father a few times. It had never been used on him however and he was a bit hesitant. "What's wrong, Frederick? Come over here and sit down."
"I'm not sure I want to do this."
"Why not?"
"Because it's embarrassing."
His remark caused much giggling amongst the girls.
"Embarrassing?" Constance scoffed. "You're standing there with an enormous hard-on in front of everyone and you're embarrassed?"
"I mean, it's just that, it's Ms. Fields. I feel embarrassed having to cum with that thing on."
"Who said anything about cumming?"
"Well, I assumed..."
"I just want to show her how it works, that's all. You do not have to have an orgasm. Unless of course you want to."
"I want to see him cum," Cecilia said. It was more like a directive than a request.
"Me too!" Amy laughed.
"I want to see all the boys cum!" Fiona said, looking at each of her stepbrothers in turn with a silly grin.
"Yes!" Lillian agreed. "Freddie and William haven't cum in three days. They're overdue for a good milking!"
Frederick and William looked at one another, dismayed. It was fine if Herbert wanted to cum in front of his teacher—he had already done it twice. But they didn't seem to be so eager.
"Three days?" Constance mused. "That' far too long to go without a good milking session. Okay girls. You got your wish. Frederick, come over here and sit down this instant."
Frederick slowly crossed the room to where his stepmother and Iris sat and lowered himself between them, his prick jutting out before him at an angle.
"There's nothing to feel embarrassed about, Fred," Iris said, gently touching his arm. "I would really love to see how this thing works."
"See?" Constance said to him as she applied the device to his cock. "Your teacher is a most gracious lady. Now sit still while I put this on."
The girls were having a grand time watching Constance adjust the device onto Frederick's prick. Even Herbert and William couldn't stop from chuckling as they watched their brother look on helplessly as his cock grew even bigger under his stepmother's attention.
Once the plastic hand was resting firmly upon his shaft, Constance clicked a button on the arm and the thing began to vibrate, a gentle hum filling the air.
"How does that feel?" Constance asked her stepson.
"Actually, it's pretty nice," he replied. "Not heavy at all."
"Obviously you can only apply the magic hand when the guy's penis is erect," Constance told Iris. "But once you turn it on, it takes a relatively short time before orgasm becomes imminent."
"Mom," Amy said. "I think we should all go out onto the patio. You don't want him getting his spunk all over the carpet."
"I have a better idea," Constance said. "William, go into the kitchen and fetch me the big salad bowl. We'll catch his sperm in there."
William did as he was told and returned moments later with the outsized glass bowl. He handed it to Constance.
"No, give it to Amy," she told him. "I have to control this thing with both hands."
William handed the bowl to the girl and resumed his place next to Herbert. Frederick's prick was now at full mast, completely under the control of the vibrating hand.
The girls moved in closer around Frederick, assuming positions on the floor either in front of, or on the side of, where he was sitting, watching in fascination as the device did its work. This less sophisticated version of the magic hand worked more or less like a simple vibrator, wherein only the palm section of the hand was actively vibrating. But it was enough. With the aid of a little lubrication, Constance had lessened the nominal amount of abrasion that naturally would occur between the plastic and human flesh, providing a slick buffer between the two, which facilitated the pleasurable sensations Frederick was now experiencing.
"I don't think I can hold out much longer," Frederick announced, his heavy balls rising up toward the base of his penis.
Seeing that he was on the verge of cumming, Amy took hold of one end of the salad bowl and Cecilia the other, and both girls placed it a few feet in front of Frederick's cock, which was now undergoing its first orgasmic spasms.
"Get it in the bowl, Freddie," Amy advised her brother. "Not the carpet."
Herbert noticed that Iris could not take her eyes of his brother's prick, so much in appearance like his own but several inches shorter. Nonetheless it was a meaty specimen and was capable of multiple bursts of semen, as he and his stepsisters well knew from their many sexual encounters together. He was going to advise Cecilia not to sit directly in front of his brother's soon-to-be spurting cock, but thought the better of it. He would love nothing more than to see the arrogant little brat saturated with Frederick's cum. It would serve her right for draining him of so much of his own sperm.
The magic hand was working its magic on Frederick. He closed his eyes and winced, as if trying to hold back the impending tidal wave. But when he opened his eyes he saw Amy and Cecilia, poised like two supplicants, holding the large salad bowl only inches away from his cock, and Lillian and Fiona sitting close to the supplicants, their faces focused on the lifelike human hand inexorably bringing him to orgasm.
"It's like taming the beast," Constance said, noticing Iris's absorption with the device. "Every time we get a guy to cream, some of that natural aggression wears off. That's why having our males constantly emptied of their sperm is such an integral part of Sisterhood ideology. I know it might sound like I'm over exaggerating, but a contented male is a thoroughly milked male."
It was apparent to Herbert that Iris was quite aroused by the sight of Frederick's unusual masturbation. He knew that special look in her eyes when she was consumed with lust. It seemed to him that she had to fight her natural instincts to reach for her brother's prick by keeping her hand firmly placed upon his arm as his breathing became hard and fast.
"Watch this," Constance said, noticing that her stepson was only moments away from ejaculating.
With a press of the button on the remote switch, the vibrator took on new life, the vibrations forcing Frederick's huge penis to jerk back and forth wildly.
"Oh God!" he cried. "I'm cumming!"
Cecilia and Amy took that as their cue to place the bowl right in front of Frederick's cock. "Fill it up you worthless little worm!" Cecilia cried.
Under most conditions, ejaculations are more or less timed to occur every few seconds. But the device forced a multiple series of salvos to occur one after the other in quick succession. Once the heavy ropes of sperm started hitting the bowl, Amy and Cecilia had to keep it held high and at the correct angle to prevent the residue from splashing onto the floor. The girls shrieked with laughter and amazement as huge volleys of spunk were jettisoned into the bowl, sometimes landing conveniently within the bottom portion of the container and other times ricocheting off the sides, forcing the girls to work hard to contain it.
Herbert had already counted a dozen distinct ropes of ejaculate and Frederick's cock was still shooting out the heavy white cream. His stepsisters were thoroughly enjoying the erotic show, urging Frederick on to new heights or orgasmic bliss with a shower of filthy sexual talk. And still the sperm kept coming.
"No wonder he's been so cranky lately!" Constance laughed. "Look at all that goo!"
The salad bowl was half full and it was doubtful that Amy and Cecilia could keep the bowl positioned correctly. As the boy's prick continued to unload it massive supply of hot juice, both girls were laughing so much that they were getting careless. If something weren't done soon, they were going to lose control of the bowl.
"Here," Herbert said, reaching for the bowl. "Let me."
He grabbed the bowl none too soon. A huge, multiple blast of sperm rocketed straight into the glass container, which Herbert held at exactly the correct position to contain the entire load of cum. And then it was over.
"Jesus Christ!" Frederick cried. "I feel like my soul has been ripped out of my body!"
"I don't think so, Freddie," Lillian said, looking at the half-filled bowl. "But you did lose a lot of fucking cum!"
"Do you always shoot that much?" Iris asked the boy.
"No. Not like that," Frederick replied as he removed the device from his shrinking prick. "It's the vibrations. I don't know what happened but it just made me keep cumming."
"Good." Constance said. "The more sperm we get out of you boys the better. William, you're up next."
"But I don't want to use that thing on my dick."
"Fine. What do you suggest?"
"Well, I was thinking. If she doesn't mind, I'd like Ms. Fields to jack me off."
All eyes were suddenly upon Iris.
"Would you like to do the honors, Iris?" Constance asked.
"Well, I...
"You don't have to do anything if it offends you."
"No, it doesn't offend me. Sure, why not?"
Herbert smiled. He knew that Iris was very much aroused and that this unexpected request would be just what she needed to quell her lust.
"Frederick," Constance said. "Take the bowl from Herbert and go and empty it into the toilet. Rinse it out and bring it back so that we can catch the next batch of sperm."
Frederick did as he was told, returning with a clean salad bowl, which he handed to Amy.
"Round two!" the girl cried as she and Cecilia played tug of war with the container.
William had decided that he would rather stand than sit, and positioned himself between his stepmother and Iris. Iris continued to sit but moved her body forward on the sofa so that she could hold William's butt cheeks with her right hand while stroking his penis with her left. Constance added a little spice to the mix by fondling her stepson's balls, kneading them with her fingers as if they were play dough.
"This is such fun!" Cecilia laughed. "I love watching them shoot."
"You love making them cum!" Amy said, waving the salad bowl temptingly in front of William's hardening prick.
Iris wasted no time in getting the young boy fully erect. With a few very deft manipulations, William was dripping pre-cum after only a minute or so of stimulation. The boy was no doubt extremely turned on by his former teacher's beauty. Herbert recalled that he had once told him that he fantasized about her all the time and imagined himself shooting his spunk all over her lovely face. Although he wouldn't get to go that far, a handjob was nonetheless something that William could have never envisioned.
"You have a very lovely cock," Iris said to William, as she stroked him hard. "I hope you have as much cum in those balls as Frederick did."
"He pretty much shoots big loads too," Fiona said in a matter-of-fact tone. "The bigger the wad, the more the guy is into you."
"Are you into me, William?" Iris asked.
"Yes, Ms. Fields," he replied breathlessly. "Very much."
"Then I guess we're going to see an orgasm of major proportions?"
"I hope so, Ms. Fields."
Herbert knew his brother was a quick cummer. William often shot off far sooner than he or Frederick did. But his loads were also not as voluminous. However, seeing that his brother was now being expertly masturbated by Iris, he wasn't so sure that he might not produce an eruption of volcanic proportions. He didn't have long to wait.
As her finely manicured hands pulled upward on William's taught organ, a thick jet of white cream erupted from the tip and flew straight into the waiting bowl. A second spurt followed the same trajectory and was immediately duplicated by a succession of similar bursts that were all captured within the glass vessel. Unlike Frederick's erratic performance, William's ejaculations were, although explosive in their own right, similar in volume and trajectory. Amy and Cecilia hardly had to maneuver the bowl much in any direction and, as such, sat perfectly still watching each spurt as it was delivered in the container.
For his part, William had kept his eyes focused on Iris's stroking hand, wishing his prick was deep inside her vagina instead of relinquishing his seed into the bowl. But despite this, he was thankful to have her hand on his cock at all, and looked at her at intervals during his orgasm, his ejaculations made even more intense by watching her gorgeous face light up with each new burst of semen.
"That's an even dozen!" Cecilia laughed as the inside of the bowl was now coated with a milky opaqueness.
William fired off a few more shots of cum and then it was over. Iris's right hand was dripping with his sperm.
"Here, my dear," Constance said to the teacher as she handed her a few napkins.
"Thank you," Iris replied as she took the napkins and wiped the cum from her hands. "I must say, William, you did shoot quite a load!"
"Not as much as Freddie," Amy was quick to point out, "but still pretty good."
All eyes were now on Herbert. "I don't think it's worth having me cum for you," he said weakly. "I came four times yesterday."
"And once last night," Cecilia reminded him, with a smirk on her face.
"You know how I frown on masturbation," Constance said to the boy. "If any of you boys need to be relieved of your sperm you are to have one of the girls do it. No self-masturbators allowed in this house."
"Actually, mom," Amy said, dipping her fingers into the bowl of sperm, "me and Cecilia made him fellate himself."
This admission made everyone laugh. Even Herbert's brothers were surprised.
"You actually blew yourself?" William asked Herbert.
"I don't believe it!" Frederick stated awestruck. "You always said you'd never attempt it!"
"He had no choice," Amy said to Frederick. "We forced him into it. But he enjoyed it. Didn't you Herbert?"
The beautiful girl looked up at her stepbrother with a wonton smile, huge globs of William's sperm dripping off her fingers.
"For heaven's sake, child!" Constance said to Amy. "Get that sperm off your fingers before you get it on my floor and go wash your hands!"
"Okay, mom, whatever," Amy replied with some annoyance.
After she had left the room, Constance repeated her daughter's question.
"Well, Herbert. Did you enjoy it?"
"I sucked my cock like the girls told me to but I didn't taste my cum."
"What did you do?"
Herbert was reluctant to reveal his secret but he had no choice. He was prepared for their ridicule. "I ...I..."
"He came in his face!" Cecilia blurted out, her face contorted in laughter.
That was all it took to start everyone laughing. Even Iris, who usually reacted with a quiet kind of dignity to almost every situation, laughed out loud at the revelation.
"I would have loved to have seen that!" his teacher cried.
Several minutes elapsed in which no one could calm down sufficiently to utter a word, such was the intensity of their mirth. As Amy re-entered the room she too started to laugh, realizing that Herbert's secret was out.
"Thanks, Cecilia," the offended boy said.
His remark had absolutely no effect upon the arrogant girl. "When you have as big a tool as Herbert's you can't get out of the way. It's always...there!" She illustrated her point by putting her outstretched palms in front of her face. "Squirt! Squirt!" she laughed, pretending she was getting splashed in the face with semen.
"That's enough!" Herbert said, in a warning tone.
"And you should have seen Herbert's face when he was finished—it was completely covered in cum. It's a good thing he has hardwood floors in his bedroom!"
"I told you to stop it!"
Despite his admonition, the girl continued, to the amusement of everyone.
"He looked so ridiculous!" Cecilia went on, heedless of the boy's growing anger. "He refused to taste it, even when I ordered him to. He can be very nasty sometimes."
"Shut the fuck up you stupid little bitch!" the boy shouted, exasperated with the girl's insensitivity.
Suddenly, the entire room was quiet. It was rare that Herbert ever lost his temper, so it was the anger in his voice, not the words themselves, that gave everyone pause. At length, Constance spoke up.
"You know I don't allow such words to be spoken to any female in this house," she said directing her anger at him. "Now apologize to Cecilia."
Herbert looked at the girl sitting on the floor next to Amy with fire in his eyes. Her own face reflected a mixture of shock and wounded pride. He wanted to slap her.
"I will not apologize," he said.
"You will apologize or you will suffer the consequences."
"I am not going to apologize to her!"
"Fine," Constance said. "Now pull up a chair and give us all a repeat performance."
"What?" Herbert asked, feeling a twinge of pain in his stomach.
"Well," Constance replied. "If you are not going to apologize, then you are going to suck yourself off for us all to see. Now pull up that chair behind you and give us a show."
He heard Cecilia chuckle softly. She returned his icy stare with a wicked smile, taunting him with her eyes, mocking him with her half-open, seductive mouth. Even his teacher, whom he had hoped would intervene on his behalf, said nothing, seemingly eager to watch him perform the act of self-fellatio.
He was not going to apologize to Cecilia under any circumstances. To him, that would compromise his integrity, and he would not give her the satisfaction of an apology. He took the chair and placed it where Constance told him to, at the end of the coffee table where everyone could get a clear and unimpeded view of his performance.
Strangely enough, Herbert found the humiliating act served as an aphrodisiac. His penis, up to this point, was semi-erect. But now it was growing harder every second. He hated to admit it to himself, but he was drawn to the bratty little brown-haired sprite. Her sexually charged nature, so wicked and demanding, compelled him to servitude: he had no choice but to surrender himself and his sperm to her, just as he did the day before. As odd as it seemed, he understood that the secret of her power over him lay in her fine facial features: the exquisitely designed nose, with each nostril perfectly symmetrical; the high cheekbones; the large, liquid brown eyes in which a man could lose himself; and the mouth—that aperture of godlike design, created to entice men to pull down their pants and masturbate mindlessly, imaging their bursting cocks expelling quarts of liquid protein into it and down her lovely throat.
"Your last chance," Constance reminded him.
"No, don't stop him," Cecilia remonstrated. "You all have to see this!"
"Than get going, Herbert," Constance ordered. "Start sucking!"
"No! Mother!" Amy said. "I think we should all go out on the patio. In case he shoots into outer space."
She said this half-jokingly but there was truth in what she said.
"You're right, darling. He does tend to shoot quite far and I don't need his filth messing up my carpet. All right. Everyone out onto the patio. William and Frederick, you're excused."
"Why do we have to go?" William asked
"Because I said so!" Constance replied.
The two boys looked a Herbert with a conciliatory frown and slowly exited the room. Herbert was dismayed that his two brothers had been summarily dismissed.
He was now all alone, the center of attention for this group of dominant females. He resented having to perform at all, let alone as a punishment to atone for his misconduct toward the willful Cecilia. But he knew there was no way out of it. He was the last to walk out the door and into the bright midday sun. His stepmother, Iris, his three stepsisters, and Cecilia were moving their chairs into a semicircle; his chair at the intersection between the two outermost chairs. Cecilia sat closest to him on his left side while Amy occupied the chair to his right. He sat facing the sun so that all he could see were their silhouettes. There was nervous anticipation in the air and lots of giggling.
"What are you waiting for?" Constance asked the boy. "Get going!"
His prick was still erect but not as hard as it had been a few minutes earlier. He gave himself a few hard strokes, hoping that his cock would extend to its full length so that he would not have to bend his body over so far to suck it. All eyes were now upon him.
"I really hate to resort to punishment, Herbert," Constance began, "but you have broken one of my cardinal rules. I hope you're not angry with me."
"I'm not angry at you stepmother," he replied casually jerking his dick back and forth in front of the women. "I should never have used those words."
"You can still apologize if you wish."
"To you, yes. To Cecilia, no."
"You are very stubborn, Herbert. Very stubborn indeed."
"I would rather jerk off in front of all of you, as humiliating as it is, than to say I'm sorry to that girl."
"And so you shall jerk off," Constance said firmly. "If you want to act like a little brat then you shall be treated like one. Enough with your hands. Get your mouth around that thing!"
Herbert heard Cecilia and the rest of the female voyeurs laugh gaily as he followed his stepmother's orders and wrapped his lips around the tip of his tool. As humiliating as it was for him to act out his punishment in this fashion, he found that it also enervated him. For reasons he could not explain, the smiling and laughing faces, the errant and often obscene comments, and the ridicule and mockery heaped upon him provided him with a sense of profound pleasure that defied reason. They treated him as if he were nothing more than a perverse exhibitionist—a sexual plaything that they could objectify with impunity. And he found intense arousal at the thought of being used in such a way.
"Look at him suck that big fucking dork!" Cecilia said with a grin, moving her chair closer to watch Herbert suck himself.
"I'll be you he shoots one of his trademark humongous loads," Fiona added.
"I don't care if he shoots a gallon, just as long as none of it lands on me!" Lillian said.
Herbert continued to suck himself, never once stopping to take a breath. He wanted it to be over as fast as possible and without giving Cecilia any more amusement than was necessary.
"I have to admit," Iris said to Constance without taking her eyes of Herbert, "that your boys are very well trained."
"Thank you," Constance smiled, appreciating the compliment. "Their real mother was a very strict woman, so I am given to understand. And their father, my husband Michael, is submissive by nature. So the groundwork was already sown. The frequent milkings help to ensure that my stepsons remain under my control."
Herbert's prick was now half buried in his mouth, much to the delight of all concerned. He was trying to bring himself off as fast as possible.
"That's it brother!" Amy said joyfully. "Deep throat that cock!"
"I don't know many men who can do that!" Constance said, admiring the way Herbert was fellating himself. "But to get back to what I was saying...yes, it all comes down to a matter of control. And I have found that the best way to bring the male species under control is to make sure that they are constantly and assiduously milked as often as possible."
"Do it fast, Herbert!" Cecilia shouted. "Do it fast!"
"Because sperm builds up so fast in the human body," Constance continued, "guys find their balls full of billions of the little suckers every day. An overload of semen can make the male angry, aggressive, and violent. Controlled milkings help to greatly reduce these negative tendencies."
"Fascinating," Iris replied, her lustful eyes fixed on Herbert's prick, now slick with a mixture of saliva and pre-cum.
The boy's head was bobbing up and down on his shaft with lightening speed. Never once did he look up to meet his tormentors' gaze. All he wanted to do was to ejaculate, and he wanted it to be a big one. He could care less if the entire world was watching. Even in his discomfiture, he would make them appreciate his sexual talents, even if they saw him as nothing more than a boy with an oversized appendage.
"I love the way his balls bounce up and down!" Lillian laughed.
Fiona had noticed it too. "I'll bet he has a ton of juice in there!"
"Herbie's going to cum soon, mother," Amy said, her voice full of anticipation.
"I can see that. Thank you, Amy."
Whatever sense of depravity Herbert might have felt at having to submit to his stepmother's punishment by way of Cecilia's wounded feelings, he did not let it interfere with his overwhelming desire to bring himself off in record time. Cecilia and Amy continued their verbal assault upon the boy, adding rude gestures to their sexual slurs and laughing uncontrollably even as Herbert delivered the final tongue lashes to his towering slick organ, both of the girls waiting patiently to see him erupt.
"Show us what you've got, Herbert!" Cecilia wailed, sensing he was close to orgasm.
"As you can see for yourself," Constance said to Iris, "once a male gets horny to the degree you see now, he blocks out all external input to the exclusion of anything that might help him to ejaculate. He is extremely focused on achieving only one thing: orgasm."
"I can see that," Iris replied. "With all the verbal abuse and humiliation the girls are giving him, you'd think he wouldn't be enjoying it so much. But he doesn't seem to be distracted by it."
"No, because like I said, the foul language and the rude gestures actually stimulate his libido. Many men would never admit it, but it I do believe that they enjoy being degraded by a woman. A woman's laughter actually heightens their arousal. Herbert is definitely one of these types."
Amy noted that her stepbrother's head was now moving even faster than before. "Get ready everybody," she said, finding the sight highly amusing. "He's going to blow soon!"
Suddenly, Herbert was overcome with a powerfully pleasant sensation that originated at the base of his scrotum and spread quickly throughout the rest of his genital region. He suddenly extended both his legs outwards before him and removed his mouth from his throbbing prick. As his head moved away from his penis he saw Cecilia's mocking face, that beautiful angelic face, now contorted with hysterical laughter, her eyes darting upwards full of wondrous surprise as she followed a thick cloud of white liquid shooting skyward in long, voluminous ropes, six, no, ten feet high, like a mighty harbinger of the first of many waves to come, all of them thick, creamy white loads of silky semen, erupting pell-mell as if in obeisance to the girl's silent command.
"Fuck!" Amy screeched. "What a load!"
She turned to look at Cecilia who was too absorbed by Herbert's spectacular orgasm to take her eyes off the sight. She looked again at Herbert and saw that his prick was firing off rope after rope of sperm, without so much as a stroke from him, spitting its molten juice toward the mystified onlookers in great bursts of ten or more feet, his balls heaving under the pressure, thankful to be finally relieved of their heavy burden.
"Oh, my God!" Constance laughed. "I've seen him come many times before," she said to Iris, "but never like this!"
Iris knew Herbert was capable of producing vast quantities of sperm, but what she was witnessing now was something exemplary. "I have to tell you Constance that watching him shoot like this really gets me wet."
"I know what you mean," the wicked stepmother said. "I get hot watching all my boys cum. But this! Look at Cecilia. She's loving it!"
"I think she knows that she's got a hold on Herbert. And Herbert loves surrendering to powerful women, or girl, in this case."
"Her mastery over him is what's provoking those splendid cumshots. Wow! Look at that one!"
Even as she spoke Herbert let go with a monstrous multiple ejaculation, some of which landed very close to Cecilia's feet. The girl screamed with joy as she looked down to see the thick puddle of white only inches from her toes.
"Keep creaming, Herbert! Give us more! More!"
Once again, Herbert's tool, in complaisance to the girl's order, relinquished another series of multiple volleys of sperm, each thick rope jetting out in front of him as though he were nothing more than a container with an attached hose, intermittently ejecting powerful jets of spunk high up into the air.
"Yes!" Amy squealed. "More ropes! More ropes!"
By this time Fiona, Lillian, Iris, and even Constance, had all become a cheering section for the boy's incomparable display of sperm. Their voices were raised in unison with those of Cecilia and Amy, urging him on to even greater heights of ejaculatory prowess. And in deference to their will, his penis continued to spurt out giant ropes of cum, his agitated prick bobbing back and forth in spasmodic delight, surrendering one massive load after another.
"This is so fucking cool!" Cecilia laughed. "You really outdid yourself, Herbert. Apology accepted!"
She knows! Herbert thought to himself, even as he let go with another major eruption that sailed right over Amy' head. The girl shrieked with glee as she watched the sperm land only a few feet behind her.
She knows! He thought again as yet another creamy blast of semen shot out toward the object of both his lust and his dislike. Cecilia laughed as the liquid, white tribute arced upwards over her head and onto Lillian's lap.
She knows! The realization that she knew he was doing his best to impress her, even when he wanted to rip the clothes from her body and stick his penis as far up her vagina as possible—or even better—her unbelievably tight and luscious ass, made him feel both elated and defeated at the same time. And in his surrender to this arrogant, demanding and vain girl, he found a sense of purpose: that he must devote his life to her pleasure. Nothing else mattered. Not even his lust for Amy.
And, as if to punctuate his newfound realization, his prick reared back and spat out one final giant donation—a messy, stringy, series of multiple cumshots that acted as the apex of his performance, much like the grand finale of a fireworks display. And through it all he watched the prideful girl's lovely face, illuminated with the knowledge that she could drive him to both the height of sexual performance and to the depths of sexual depravity.
As the final series of ejaculations began to ebb, Herbert looked out at the small crowd of beautiful women, now applauding wildly and congratulating him on a job well done. The patio floor was a vast puddle of greasy cum, made slick with repeated ejaculations. To his own amazement, and that of his lovely spectators, he had achieved something wonderful. Such a performance had to be rewarded.
"Herbert," Constance said, after the applause had died down. "Our Halloween party is only a few months away. I want you to be one of the headliners in our show. What do you say to that?"
Herbert had no doubt as to how to respond. "I would love to, stepmother."
"Good," she said, smiling satisfactorily. "Now go inside and clean yourself up. And when you're done, get a mop and pail and clean your spunk off my patio!"
All the women laughed at her comment, Cecilia most of all. He got up and did as he was told.
END OF CHAPTER 3
(To Be Continued.)