The movie was Body Heat. It was part of a "classic films" festival, I'm notthatold.
I'd just turned 18, I was in my first year of college – first week, actually – and hating every moment of it. I was shy, no friends yet, and a virgin who seemed fated to remain one forever.
So early Saturday afternoon I went to the movies, alone. It was the worst possible movie for the middle of an early September heat wave, because the theatre's air conditioning wasn't really doing the job, and watching everybody on screen suffering through the heat wasn't helping at all. Still, 1981 Kathleen Turner sweating was smoking hot, and my lonely dorm room was going to be the site of a legendary jerk-off session in a few hours.
Just as the movie was starting, a redhead probably a year or two older than me came down the aisle and sat next to me. She was wearing a belly shirt, barely long enough to cover her breasts and leaving a lot of bare skin between it and her waist. I swear, it was so warm, my very first thought was "That looks so comfortable in this heat."
A moment later a blonde, obviously her friend, walked to the back of the theatre and sat down next to her. There wasn't anybody else sitting in this row or the two rows in front of it, but I like to sit in the far back as close to center as I can, and apparently so did they.
Half an house into the film, as every part of me was wilting from the heat except my dick (if the film ended now I'd have a hard... difficult time leaving the theatre with the bulge in my lightweight shorts), I heard a giggle to my left and saw that the blonde had unbuttoned her shirt far enough to show that she wasn't wearing a bra, and was fanning herself with the top of it. They noticed me looking and there was another giggle, this time at my expense. I looked back at the screen quickly and would have left the theatre right then, except... you know...
After a few more minutes of watching Turner on the screen and knowing there was a girl with a dangerously unbuttoned shirt a few seats on my left, I glanced over there again. Not hoping to see some more of her body (maybe she'd undone some more buttons??) as you'd expect, but because I really wanted to lightly stroke myself through my shorts, and I wanted to make sure they weren't looking my way.
Well, it happened that they were, at least enough to noticemelooking, so I was busted again.
And speaking of bust, the redhead had taken off her belly shirt and was sitting there in her bra. The bra really covered as much as the shirt had, but it was a bra. And for all I knew it could have been sheer, though there was no way to tell in a darkened theatre.
I know, I was pathetic. If I were olive oil back then, I'd have been extra-virgin.
And they definitely knew it.
I was just about to get up and leave, ready to risk running through the movie theatre lobby with a boner rather than continually embarrassing myself in front of these two hot women, when redhead looked right at me, gave me a wink (I think: darkened theatre remember) and reached over to the blonde and unbuttoned another button. This was the button that exposed her entire cleavage and, I was pretty sure, her breasts almost to her nipples.
It was Tease the Virgin Night, and I knew I should just leave, but we all knew I wouldn't.
After a minute, the redhead unbuttoned the blonde's final button, but the blonde pulled the two sides of her open shirt together enough that nothing showed. For now, anyway. She was going to have to take her hand away eventually, wasn't she? I knew they wanted me to just stare and wait.
Then they both turned their attention back to the film as if everything were normal.
Maybe ten minutes passed, and I heard some whispers between them and another short giggle. I made a conscious effort not to turn my head and look, and a moment later felt something fall onto my lap. I reached down to feel what it was. It was fabric, with thin metal around the edges and–holy shit, a bra?
I turned my head to the left and noticed – I could hardly have missed it – that the redhead was topless. The blonde put her finger to her mouth warning me to keep quiet, then brought a hand to one of the redhead's naked breasts. The redhead made a contented noise and leaned back in her seat, enjoying how her friend was rubbing, stroking and pinching her.
The blonde was making no effort anymore to keep the sides of her open blouse together.
I was making no effort to hide the fact that they had my undivided attention.
The redhead reached over to grab her bra, brushing her hand against my dick as she did so. Then rubbed the bra against my crotch just a bit more. I gave a little gasp, which again the girls found funny. Well, if they wanted to laugh at me, let them: I was watching a hot topless girl being caressed by a hot almost-topless girl, and the topless girl was teasing my dick.
Actually, I felt moments away from cumming, which left me in a bit of a dilemma: if I let her go on and I came in my shorts, they'd both probably have a good laugh– but this felt too good for me to ask her to stop.
The decision became moot a few seconds later when she whispered (though I was sure the whole theatre could hear her) "Have you ever gotten a blow job before?"
"No," I told her truthfully.
The blonde took her hands from the redhead's breasts and moved them to her own, and the redhead got down on the floor in front of me and without another word, yanked down my shorts. When my dick sprang free, she lost no time taking it all into her mouth. It was what I'd always imagined a blow job would be.
I tried reaching down to touch her breasts, but it was impossible while she was down there; so the blonde moved over to the seat next to me, tool my left hand, and placed it on her own right breast. When I closed my hand around it, feeling her hard nipple, that was all I could take: "Fuck!" I said, this time definitely loudly enough for the whole theatre to hear, and my whole body shook as I came two, three, fours times down the redhead's throat. Knowing that my shout had attracted attention, the blonde was quickly re-buttoning her shirt – but the redhead stayed where she was, gamely spending the few more seconds sucking every last drop of cum out of me. Then she grabbed her top and pulled it back on, and the two of the were gone.
I never did see either of them again, of course. I'd almost have thought I'd dozen off and this had been a Body Heat-inspired dream, but the redhead had left her bra behind.
I think one of these days I'll write a story on Literotica about some guy who goes door-to-door carrying a bra, like a Prince Charming trying to find his Cinderella.