I couldn't sit and watch one more night of TV. Ed had been gone for three nights on a work trip and I just had to get out of the house and talk to someone. He'd been gone a lot in our five years of marriage and when he was home he was tired and only half there. I was 28, very attractive and my relationship with the TV remote was getting old.
Whenever we went out I got more than my share of head turns. I liked it. I liked it a lot. It made me feel sexy and desirable. Now Ed liked to show me off at any opportunity, encouraging me to dress sexier and flirt more. He said, "That's the kind of hotwife I want on my arm."
But I felt like I had a sign around my neck, 'For display purposes only'.
When he first pursued me it was intense and the sex was great but the closer he got to having me the more our sex life flattened out and mediocrity set in. After the chase and capture, what then? He seemed not to know what to do with me. At the same time my fantasies were running wild and I was constantly replacing the batteries in my vibrator.
I could understand this if we were much later in life but our hormones were still fully intact and I was getting desperately horny.
When I went out by myself at the mall or grocery store and a man was checking me out, instead of feeling self conscious and objectified I deliberately played to his fantasy, my hips moved seductively and the way I looked at him gave the subtlest hope that he could have me.
I knew I wouldn't really do anything about it but my pussy tingled and my heart beat faster. I was aroused and I didn't want to be fucked politely.
But what if I did it? What if I let a stranger take me? What if I became a total slut? I used to pass judgement on women who stepped out on their husbands and called them sluts, but now I wondered if being a slut might not be preferable to being window dressing. At least I'd feel alive.
And so, despite not finding a girlfriend to reign me in I decided to fly solo. Dangerous but necessary for my mental health. I decided to go to a country bar where directness, cowboys and beer ran freely. I didn't want to be a slut necessarily, I just wanted to temporarily feel like one.
Short denim skirt, moderately ornate western shirt unbuttoned low enough to let my 34C rack get some breathing room and tied at the waist. Nude stockings and high heels instead of cowboy boots. I rolled up the sleeves and fashioned a big brunette ponytail. Grabbed my purse and headed for the door...but just as I reached for the handle, the door opened and Ed made one of his loud entrances. "Hi, Mara honey! The whole affair got derailed when the client got Covid and from there everybody scattered so here I am!"
I couldn't run fast enough to the bedroom and change so I froze, "Well look at my little cowgirl! Off to the rodeo?"
"Oh I wasn't going anywhere. Just trying on some old clothes." I reeled off the top of my noggin'.
"You always carry a purse around the house when you're trying on clothes?"
Shit.
"Well that was just to see how it looked with the skirt." God, lying is so laborious.
"Pretty sexy look if you ask me."
"Oh, so you like your sexy cowgirl?" I purred, using sex to deflect his inquiry. I had the urge just to come clean and tell him my frustration but instead I paraded around the room posing like I was on the haystack runway. This was basically how we communicated, distraction instead of discourse. It was fatiguing to say the least. I was so frustrated.
"Hey, that outfit gives me an idea," said Ed with an impish smile.
I just wanted to get changed and forget the whole thing. "I'm going to put my pj's on and maybe we watch some TV?"
"No, no, no, it's still early, let's go over to Lanny's Roadhouse and have a couple drinks and show off my hotwife cowgirl."
I always wondered if Ed really knew what a hotwife was. I mean, he liked to show me off but I was never sure that he understood the dictionary definition of 'hotwife'. I never asked him but I guessed he thought it was just a term of endearment for his sexy wife. There was never a discussion of sharing me with another man, just the constant encouragement to dress sexy when we went out anywhere. For sure, he got off parading me around as eye candy for friends and strangers alike.
It freaked me out a little that he suggested Lanny's since that was my original destination.
"I'm feeling tired, maybe another night. It's late."
"Late?! It's eight thirty, Mara. C'mon, let's just have a couple beers and come home. It'll be a celebration that I don't have to work. Besides, I'll be with the hottest girl in the bar."
I gave in like usual, "Sure, just a couple beers."
"That's my girl!"
***
When we got there Ed dropped me at the door, "I'll park the car, you find a place at the bar. Get flirty, babe. Make eye contact. Let's have some fun." It was what he always said. He loved showing off what they couldn't have.
Lanny's was fairly calm for a Friday night but it was early. Mostly guys and a couple girls, dancing, playing pool or just unwinding. We'd been there before and it kicked into gear around 9:30 as everyone got lubricated.
I had the usual number of head turns especially dressed as sexy as I was. It took some adjusting to get the little skirt to cover my ass on the barstool. I ordered a drink and sipped on that for awhile and wondered why it was taking Ed so long to park the car. I was starting to generate some serious attention as it appeared I was alone.
Why would parking take so ridiculously long? I looked back at the front door when out of the corner of my eye there was Ed sitting alone at a table in the corner of the room facing me. I gave him the WTF hands and started to go and sit with him when he motioned me to stay at the bar.
What the hell was he doing?
I dutifully turned back to my drink, pissed that I didn't know what he was up to. Then it hit me like someone flipped a switch. He wanted to watch me be approached by a stranger, ironically what I set out to do in the first place before he came home.
I was starting to enjoy sitting by myself and I was getting a tad toasty in the process. Fuck Ed and his nutty shit. I could feel the energy in the room and I played to it, smiling at a couple cute guys at either end of the bar. From behind me, leaning into my side was another guy I hadn't noticed who asked me to dance. I wasn't much of a dancer but the power of drink made me go for it, and besides it was a slow song and he was easy on the eyes.
Leading me to the dance floor, "I'm Tom, what's your name?" he asked, taking me in his arms like falling into a cloud. Surely he heard me sigh.
"I'm Mara."
"My lord, Mara, you are a sweet vision."
"But, sad to say, I'm not much of a dancer."
If 'swept off my feet' were more than an expression then Tom embodied it. As more people crowded the dance floor we became lost in a sea of bodies and lustful intentions. I doubted that Ed could even see us anymore. I was liking Tom's touch and didn't complain when his hand slipped farther down from my waist to my rear end. That was a green light I gave willingly, enthusiastically. It had been a long time since I let a man touch me like that and I liked it.
By now the floor was packed and you could barely move.
He kissed me and I kissed him back, silently encouraging him to go further. Our tongues touched and a spark ran between my legs. I lost visible track of Ed. Suddenly I wanted, needed him to fuck me and I didn't care where. It was all happening so quickly, the loud music, the sweaty bodies, his fingers reaching under my skirt. I moaned as he manipulated my clit.
It was exciting, illicit and out of control. I didn't even know this man and my husband was nearby.
We kissed again. There were so many people crammed onto the dance floor no one noticed or cared when he unzipped his jeans and lifted me up. I instinctively pulled my panties aside and guided his hard-on into my pussy. The noise, the abandonment, the undulation of the crowd, our lips meeting again, I came harder than I had in years. I screamed a release that no one heard over the din of the music.
He pressed his lips against my ear, "That's it, baby."
Seconds later I felt the surge of his hot cream fill my pussy. Impulsively he put me down, stuffed his cock back in its holster, took my hand and dragged me off the floor and out the back door. There was one other couple making out in a pickup truck. He took me to a dark place near the building.
"Get down on your knees and suck me back to life, baby. We're not through."
I gladly did what I was told and he used my ponytail for leverage. He got hard quickly, forcing his cock in my mouth until I coughed up saliva.
He pulled me to my feet, kissed me, spun me around facing away and placed my hands on a pickup. He yanked down my panties, lifted my skirt and stuffed his cock in my wetness. It was just like my fantasies had been; raw, nasty and an unbelievable high. He pumped me with everything he had.
"Ohhhhh, fuuuuucccckkkkk," I moaned, cumming again.
Customers going to and from their cars cheered us on, "Ride 'er, cowboy!" "That's what you're gonna get when we get home." "Look at that filly take it." "Hey, Tom, new girlfriend?"
When Tom let loose for the second and final time, the new cum displaced the old, squeezed out and running down my legs. I was so dizzy I had to hold onto the truck panel to steady myself. "I better go home." I told him. Like waking from a dream I realized I had to find Ed and go home and hope he didn't see how far it had all gone. The last thing I heard from Tom was could he see me again and all I said was "I don't know."
After I'd fought my way through the packed house and back to the bar I looked for Ed and, to my shock, there he was still sipping on a drink with a smile plastered across his face. I'd lost my bar seat but got my purse from the bartender who'd held it for safekeeping. Even though I was completely disheveled, my hair a mess, my skirt riding up in the back and I'd misplaced my panties in the parking lot, I gathered up my remaining dignity and went to Ed's table.
"Ready to go home, babe?" he said as sweetly as could be. I kept thinking he was messing with me but his demeanor never changed. Even if he hadn't seen us in the act it would have been impossible not to suspect what happened.
"Yes, take me home, please."
Sitting on the car seat I could feel Tom's cum seeping out. My mind was racing with guilt about what I'd done and how I was going to clean the seat before Ed saw it in the morning. I was now a card carrying slut. It didn't matter that I was neglected, I was a slut.
"Did you have fun, babe?" he asked like he'd just picked me up from a Tupperware party. Why was he asking me that for? He saw me get picked up. Even if he didn't see anything else he surely knew I'd had sex.
"Ya, I guess," I said, thinking he was trying to get me to say it but, "Ed, why did you take me there?"
"I just wanted you to have some excitement, babe."
Was this man my husband or my pimp?
"Well I got excitement alright, but why would you be okay with another man hitting on me?"
"Because I know you get stuck at home alone since I'm gone so much and you're this young, fabulously beautiful girl married to a television. You need to have men tripping all over themselves just to get near you and being married to me shouldn't get in the way of that."
I couldn't believe we were having an actual conversation.
He continued, "Why do you think I'm always asking you to dress sexy and flirt with whoever.?"
"I thought you liked trotting me around like a trophy wife."
"No, I wanted you to enjoy yourself. Get a little wild...fill in the blanks where I can't. And when I'm gone..."
"Ed, do you know what happened tonight?"
"Yes. That cowboy picked you up at the bar and took you dancing."
"Do you know what else happened?"
"I'm not sure. I saw you bobbing up and down with the music. You looked like you were having fun."
I was on unsteady ground here and had no idea what he saw or didn't. "We kissed."
"Oh? Did you like it?" He asked so calmly it spooked me.
"Yes."
"That's all that matters then."
I couldn't talk about it anymore and we drove the way home in silence. When we got in the house I headed straight for the shower. Ed made no mention of the state of my appearance but to anyone with half an eye for when we got to the bar until we left I was a disheveled mess. I looked in the bathroom mirror and saw nothing but a woman who'd just had sex. Was he blind or what?
As I showered I flashed back on the way Tom had taken me with abandon, the orgasmic excitement that I felt when his cock entered me on the dance floor. I began to masturbate at the memory and brought myself to climax, trying to be discreet about Ed hearing me. When I came out of the bathroom I was naked except for the towel I was using to dry my hair.
With only the bathroom light casting a shadow on the bed I heard, "Come here, babe." He lie naked on the bed, slowly caressing his cock. I knew what he wanted and my senses were on such high alert I gladly gave it to him.
***
The next morning at breakfast was uncomfortably quiet until he asked, "So, would you like to do that again?"
I played oblivious, "Do what again?"
"You know, we go back to the roadhouse or another bar and I chaperone from a distance and you have fun teasing the clientele? You said you had fun, right?"
In uncharted territory I played it down, "Ya, I suppose I did."
"You sure seemed charged up when we made love last night."
"Ya, just in the mood I guess."
"So, what do think?"
It confused me that Ed was so interested in watching me get plucked off a bar stool by some stranger. "You know," I said, "the other night you didn't tell me you were going to leave me alone at the bar."
"Sorry about that but I only got the idea while parking the car. You looked so hot in that outfit I thought you should be appreciated by more than just me. So what do you think?"
"Sure, if you really want me to." Inside, my hormones were doing backflips and somersaults and I could feel myself getting moist.
"Yes, I do. It gets us out of the house and I get to watch my beautiful hotwife draw interested parties, shall we say. And didn't you like the attention?"
"Yes."
What I didn't say was that I loved it. It was as if my fantasies had taken a physical form and my pussy was on fire every time I thought about how Tom handled me.
"Back to the roadhouse tonight?"
"Sure."
"One more thing, and this is only if you want but let's just say you get so turned on you can't stop and need to have a little more than flirting."
"What do you mean?"
"What I mean is if things get real hot you might want to have sex."
"Ed!!!" I said with mock shock that he would even suggest that.
"You're only human, Mara, and flirting can lead to other things and so, listen to me now, if you want to have sex then have him take you back to our house. That way I can properly share you."
Having already broken the covenant there wasn't much to say except, "Okay."
"I just want you to have fun tonight."
But things were a lot clearer now. All the sexy encouragement over the years, him trying to get me to flirt with certain men. The night before led to some of the best sex Ed and I had ever had. And now his not so subtle green lighting of sex with other men, in our house yet!
He had wanted a hotwife and I had fantasized about being one. Were we, after five years of marriage, on the same kinky page?
***
Ed knocked on the bathroom door, "Ready, babe?"
I popped open the door, "I'm Mara ready!" I kept the ponytail but switched up the outfit. I unveiled a tried and true combination of white satin blouse, little black skirt, white lace thigh highs and black pumps. Sophisticated in an unsophisticated environment. About the opposite of what I wore the night before. I dubbed it the 'who's that girl?' look.
"Wow, Mara. You look good enough to eat."
"Hold that thought, buckaroo. I might take you up on that later."
It was weird because I felt closer to him now. I was beginning to understand his motives for things said and done with me in public. He was in effect shopping me around, for his benefit and mine. I mean, it's not cheating if you're doing it together, right?
My libido was let loose and flying high.
On the way over Ed told me how much he loved me. "You're my girl, don't forget that."
We arrived early enough to avoid the crush and get seats, me at the bar and Ed at a deuce by the dance floor. Danny, the bartender who'd rescued my purse, was on duty again and seemed very happy to see me. "Tell me your name again?"
"Mara."
"Yes! Welcome back, I'm Danny. What can I get you, Mara?"
"A Cosmopolitan and a boyfriend," I joked.
He laughed, "I can help with the Cosmo but you're on your own with the boyfriend. How does a hottie like you not have a boyfriend?"
"Um, I have a generous husband but I'm a little greedy and need 'extra' attention."
"Ooohhhh. Ya, I think I get it. Well you made quite an impression on Tom. He kept talking about you long after you left. The wait staff and a few customers mentioned you too so you definitely made an impression. You've been here two straight nights. Why haven't I seen you before?"
"I was home watching TV," I deadpanned.
"I don't mean to be forward," he said, leaning toward me on his elbows, "but you can add me to the list of interested parties. Oh, and the drink's on me."
"Thanks, Danny, you're a sweetheart."
"I'd like to be," he said walking away to wait on another patron.
So far the bartender hit on me and I'd been there 15 minutes. I looked over at Ed and he was reading body language and joyfully taking it all in.
Danny placed two Cosmos in front of me. "The other one's from the guy at the end of the bar. Wants to know if he can join you."
"What do you think, Danny?"
"I think I'd rather I wasn't working and it was me sitting next to you but he's not a bad guy. His name's Steve."
I motioned Steve over with a gesture and in a heartbeat he was next to me. My hand out, "Hi, I'm Mara and you must be Steve."
"You bet I am."
Right out of the flirt playbook, "Thanks for the drink but if I drink both of these I'd be in danger of being taken advantage of."
"Well then let's order a third," he quipped.
"What brings you to my part of the bar, Steve?"
"That's easy. Fabulously beautiful girl drinking alone?"
Even while Steve was talking my eyes were following Danny. He would occasionally steal a look at me too.
"Plus," he continued, "I was here last night when you went off with Tom. I kicked myself for not being quicker on the draw, especially when Tom gave me details."
"Tom seems to have talked a lot."
He put a hand on my thigh. It was sexual sparring and I was completely into it. Maybe he could have me, maybe not but he'd have to work for it. I looked over to Ed and subtly motioned for him to get closer so he could hear. He ended up a couple stools away.
I took a hefty slug of Cosmo so if I thought it I said it.
"So you think you can get lucky with me?"
"Maybe. I sure hope there's a chance. Let's put it this way, I'd be a fool not to try with a girl like you."
"You're a naughty boy."
"From what I hear you like naughty boys."
"I like some naughty boys. The ones who can please me and make me scream."
I couldn't believe what was coming out of my mouth and Ed could hear all of it.
Moving closer to my face, "Oh, baby, I promise you I can rock that bod of yours."
"Mmmmmm, you're starting to get my attention." I took another Cosmo hit.
Under cover of the bar I reached over and felt up his package and he moaned. It grew larger in my hand and he closed his eyes. "Oh baby, I want you bad," he croaked out, barely able to breathe.
As I continued to stroke him he said, "I've got a sleeper in my big rig parked out back. C'mon baby, let's do this."
"Let's," was all I said and slipped off my stool, took his hand and I intentionally grazed Ed's back as we headed to the backdoor.
As he helped me up into the sleeper I saw Ed in the distance, still smiling. It was then it hit me as to how kinky we were. I said it in my head, 'I'm going to fuck a trucker in his cab while my husband waits outside.'
Steve was not gentle, stripping me naked in a hot minute and removed his clothes with the same urgency. Then he surprised me. "The girls come back for more because I like to eat pussy. I like it a lot. Spread those legs, I'm hungry." There was little doubt that Ed could hear my screams as Steve ate me out like no one before. I came repeatedly and he wouldn't stop. My cum glistened on his face as he came up smiling. "God, I love pussy," he said.
"My pussy is so ready for you," I said. "Fuck me, baby."
"You won't ever forget me, bitch."
I wasn't always loud during sex but he brought out sounds in me I'd never heard before. He buried his cock deep within my cunt and as hard as he banged me I craved more and more. Finally he couldn't hold it back any longer and shot his load in me. We both were out of breath and he started laughing, "Fuck, Mara, that is the best tasting pussy ever." I started laughing too.
He looked like he could go again but he said, "We should get back inside. I've still got a lot of miles to go before midnight. Can I see you again?" He took my number down on his phone. We decided to go back in separately and after freshening up in the bathroom I came out and sat next to Ed.
"Sounded like you had a good time," he said.
"I did. Way better than I expected. I gave him my number. Was that okay?"
"Sure, babe. I think the only overall rule we should have is that if I'm not with you and you get a desire you can't resist then afterwards I want you to give me a very detailed description of what you did."
"That's all? I'd want to tell you anyway! Ed, this is crazy."
"I know but look at how excited you are. And I'm excited to watch you. Like tonight, it won't always be possible to see you but just listening outside that truck, imagining what he was doing to you, oh babe."
"I want you to watch me. I want you to see me fuck another man. I may be fucking him but I'll be performing for you."
"That's my hot and sexy girl. So do you want to go home?"
"Yes, soon, but," testing my new found freedom, "can I invite the bartender home? He really wants me and I have to say the feeling is mutual. I told him I have a very generous husband. He definitely knew what I was talking about. You can watch."
"You're not tired?"
"No, I feel energized!"
Ed laughed, happy that we were having a blast together, not your run of the mill night out for sure. Sexual play with strangers was so exciting I was coming out of my pants, or should I say, panties.
It was busy but Danny kept looking over to me and I'd smile every time we made eye contact. He soooo wanted me. In the meantime I had fun juggling guys hitting on me. I danced with some and shamelessly flirted with others. No one seemed to know or care that I was sitting next to my husband since the bar was full and when men would ask if I was alone I'd say yes.
I was actually getting more comfortable with the new arrangement.
After midnight when things eased up I waved Danny over. "What can I get you, beautiful?"
I just slipped him a bar napkin that read, 'Wanna playdate at my house after work? My husband likes to watch." It was risky since he might have thought me too big a freak for his taste.
He wrote something at the cash register and slipped it back to me, 'Yes and yes. It's weird with the husband but yes. Address? I can leave early at one.'
I told Ed what the note said and we left the bar. In the car we still processed the idea of inviting a relative stranger to fuck me in our home. Ed reassured me that not only would he enjoy sharing his wife but with him there came a measure of safety.
"I'll be there for you, Mara."
Danny pulled up at 1:30 and I met him at the door. He was even cuter in the porch light. His dark, curly hair and blue eyes made me shiver. "Hi, baby," I said stepping out on the porch and kissing him. "C'mon in and meet my husband." I could see the nervousness in Danny but he played it politely and shook hands with Ed.
"Just to put you at ease," said a reassuring, Ed, "I'm totally into sharing my wife's charms with whoever she's attracted to and she seems to really like you. She's an incredible girl. Can I get you a drink and then I'll leave you two alone?"
"Bourbon?"
"You got it." Ed retrieved the drink and the bottle and quietly walked out of the room. We sat on the sofa and small talked.
"I hope you'll forgive my nervousness. I've never been in an arraignment like this before. I might not even be here but you're irresistible." He downed the whiskey and put the glass on the end table. "Steve told me if I didn't make a play for you I'd be missing something special."
Ed had lowered the lights on his way out until we were mostly in shadows.
Danny poured himself another shot, swigged it and unbuttoned his shirt. I took the cue and pushed it off his shoulders and swirled my tongue around his nipples, stopping only to gently bite down on them. "That gets me hot, Mara. Oh shit, ya."
"Strip for me," he said. "Show off, girl."
Looking back in the hallway, mostly in the dark, I could see Ed had pulled up a chair. As I peeled off each article of clothing in the sexiest way I could, Danny undid his pants and jerked it. "Ya, baby, show me your stuff." By the time I was done I posed in nothing more than the stockings and heels.
"You like?" I whispered.
"I like."
"Let me suck your cock, big boy. I want it nice and hard when you fuck me."
"Can't wait, baby doll."
I spit on his shaft and worked him into a frenzy. It was a sloppy, nasty blowjob. I licked every inch and took both his big balls in my mouth.
"Oh fuck, Mara!!! Girl, I'm so going to fuck the shit out of you!"
"I hope so!"
I didn't wait for instruction I just climbed on his lap and inserted his cock. My equipment went electric right away and I came with an audible jolt. Looking towards the hallway Ed sat jerking himself with his mouth open.
Danny put both hands on my tits and returned the earlier favor by sucking my nipples, always my most sensitive spot. For sure the key to fucking me was to suck my nipples. After that I'd do anything you wanted.
"Nice and tight, Mara. Damn you're tight. Put your knees on the couch, let's go doggy." We changed position, or should I say he picked me up and repositioned my body. Now, looking the other direction, he could see that Ed was masturbating at the edge of the room.
Before penetrating me again he asked Ed, "Okay if I bang this hottie, Ed? Her pussy looks delicious."
Ed, from the shadows, "Yes, yes, you fuck her, buddy, do whatever you want with her, she'll love it."
Danny went on a mission and slammed his junk into me repeatedly until I screamed through another orgasm. Ed was out of his mind.
"Fuck my hotwife, Danny!" he yelled.
I thought Danny would knock my teeth out, it was such a pounding. I made a guttural sound every time he hit me. He grabbed my hair and pulled my head back. He had so much energy and I felt every inch of his cock.
He started getting rougher but Danny had a go ahead for anything. He slapped my buttocks endlessly, his crimson marks becoming more defined. Suddenly he pulled out and started rimming my asshole with his tongue which sent my orgasms into a spiral I couldn't have stopped if I'd wanted to. I screamed once out of being overwhelmed and again when he forced his cock into my asshole. "Oh my god, Danny, oh my god, oh my god!!" He was pushing deeper and harder than I could ever remember having anal sex. He kept coming, fuck, slap, fuck, slap.
I lost track of time.
He manhandled me again, putting me flat on my back and buried his cock again in my wet slit, grunting loudly and choking me with both hands. I momentarily passed out but was quickly brought to consciousness at the peak of yet another climax.
And with that the ecstasy coursed through my system. Danny, with a roar, blew his cum onto my tits and swirled the head of his cock in the cum. At the same moment Ed shot his voyeur load onto the floor. It was so intense we were all rather short of breath. Ed disappeared from the edge of the living room, leaving Danny and I alone in the wake of an insane high.
The three of us had been caught in a perfect storm and Danny immediately began negotiating to make it happen again. "I need to see you regularly, I want you. I don't care if you're married or not. Say you'll see me, please."
He pled with me all the way out the front door to make a date but I couldn't think straight anymore and all I wanted was to sleep. I kissed him and said I'd call.
***
Ed and I must have slept until at least eleven and awoke facing each other. Neither of us said anything for a good five minutes until Ed broke the silence. "Wow, that was unreal, Mara. I've fantasized about this for a long time but I couldn't have imagined what you did this weekend. You're a hotwife goddess."
"You're putting a nice spin on the fact that I fucked several men and would have fucked the rest if I'd had the time. I'm not a goddess, I'm a slut."
"No. We did this together and for years I've been nudging you in that direction so what does that make me?
"You realize we can't go back to the old us, don't you?"
"Yes, I knew that when you were with Tom."
"You decided that from us dancing? Wait..."
"Yes...he fucked you on the dance floor and again out in the parking lot."
"You saw it happening?"
"Yes."
"Why didn't you say something?"
"Because you were finding out what you wanted and how far you could go. Why would I get in the way of that?"
"I'm going to want a lot more. I hope you're ready for what's coming. We can go ahead and sell the TV."
Ed started laughing uncontrollably. As he came down he put his hand on the side of my face. "I love you, Mara, my kinky partner in life."
"I love you too," I said. "One more thing though..."
"Yes, my love?"
I slipped out of my panties under the covers. "Remember when you said I looked good enough to eat?"