Three weeks may not seem like a long time, but it is an eternity when you've been dumped. In hindsight, it was a blessing. At the time, it was devastating. My fiancée was a good person. Witty, good-looking and had a line of clothing stores he founded so there were no financial stresses. Maybe things were too good. He'd recently taken up photography, and it was fun for the both of us.
As his skills increased, he convinced me to be the subject of his photo shoots. They started indoors, but ended up being mostly outside and with my clothing slowly disappearing. Wine was his secret "motivational" tool as I considered myself a shy conservative girl. After a glass or two, he convinced me to pose topless in our bedroom. A few weeks later, and I allowed him to capture me for the first time without any clothes on. It was a turn-on. The next night, we went to a friend's party and both came home with a healthy buzz.
Inside, we made frantic love, and afterwards he pushed me to use my favorite toy on myself. I didn't object. With one hand, I held my petals open, while with the other I caused the tip of my vibrator to play tag with my clit. Orgasms poured out and rocked me such that I didn't notice Rick had pulled out his lens and was capturing my play. When I saw Rick snapping away, I pressed my legs closed, and asked him to quit.
"Baby, it's beautiful. Your face is so shiny, crimson cheeks and glowing. And your pussy looks amazing. It is so wet and swollen it appears to be almost begging for attention," Rick softly advised me in his deep voice. "Come on honey. Show the camera Tiffany's pussy. Show it how you make it feel good." Slowly, my legs parted and it wasn't long until the camera's flash and constant snap brought out an inner vixen hidden within me.
After a bit, my legs were spread wide, and I was following Rick's suggestions. Fingers were pushed up deep into me, withdrawn and cleaned in my mouth. I'd never done this before. It made me feel dirty, but so so horny. I even let Rick photograph me using a dildo on myself. With each set, I seemed to cum harder and knew that a few times he had switched from photo to video mode. I was fine with it, and completely trusted him.
The next day we reviewed the pictures on a large computer screen and I had to admit they were good. Some of the snaps were so close, you could see the inner pink of my pussy and they showed just how wet I was. Other pictures were of my face when I was cumming, my tits and whole body photos. Rick seemed to have a skill, and was using it to pull an unknown sexuality out of me. But I was nervous about the photos so Rick promised to send them to my private e-mail account, and delete the images.
The next weekend, we met friends at the beach. While the ladies tanned, the guys played in the water and mixed drinks for the females. We arrived late, so stayed until everyone else had departed. When the sun started to set, Rick told me how sunset and sun rise light really were ideal for photographers, then asked if I wanted to go for a quick walk. I suspected he wanted to take some pictures of me in the water, but purposefully didn't say a word. Two hundred yards up the beach, a rocky cliff jetted out almost to the water's edge and here Rick pulled out his camera.
"Tiffany, you mind if I take some shots of you in the water? I want to capture you wetting your hair, and how your bikini clings to you when its wet."
"There are people on the beach and in the water," I replied nervously.
"Lots of people, so you'll blend right in. I'll zoom in on you, so you can go some ways out, but I want you to flash me one of your nipples after you pose in the wet suit," Rick told me.
"Seriously! People will see," I protested.
"It's not like tops don't accidentally pop off all the time, and if you're out a bit I really don't think people will notice," Rick answered.
"We'll see," I replied back, then headed out into the water. About 30 yards out, the water was up to my thighs and I started to pose. Either I was too far out, or people just didn't seem to really care as everyone seemed to ignore me.
Usually, when I walked up a beach in my bikini I caused a few heads to turn. My long blonde hair, dark heavy eyebrows and light blue eyes appeal to many, but I also kept in shape by running regularly. My breasts are small, a solid B cup, however, both sexes often get caught staring at my rear. It is firm and a bit on the bubble side. My legs are thin, but muscular. Despite my cute looks, as I began to pose it seemed like I was almost invisible.
I ducked under the water, popped up and flung my hair back in an arc. Yep, copied and repeated by many models. I pranced around a bit in the water, jetting my butt out, and just trying to look seductive. Lastly, I looked around, didn't see anyone in front of me so quickly pulled my padded top down to flash Rick. Just as I was doing so, a guy on a paddle board zipped in front of me and caught an eyeful. I turned beat red, and dove under the water. When I popped up, he was off, and the event left me a bit excited. While my breasts are on the small side, my nipples are not and they were coiled up hard.
As I walked out of the water, Rick was jokingly laughing. "That was great. Wish I would have caught your expression when the guy on the board came by. Let's hurry, before we lose more light. I want to get some pictures over by the cliff, in one of the crags as the sun is shining right into it." Rick grabbed my hand and led me up to the cliff's indentation which was about 50 yards from the shoreline.
The rocky cliffs rose up about twenty feet and formed a deep V which blocked the view from most of the beach. The floor was full of soft white sand, and right now it was brightly light up by the setting sun. "Take your top off, and press your wet tits into the sand. It'll look like a cool sand bra."
I momentarily thought about it, and decided why not. The drinks we'd had earlier made all these choices seem easy, as I really didn't think about what could go wrong. So, I tossed off my bikini top, and pressed my nipples and breasts into the sand as Rick continued to snap away. After a few poses of my sandy nipples, he waived me over and used his water bottle to wash away the sand. I was now topless on a public beach.
He guided me to one of the cliff edges, where he had me raise my arms, pull on my nipples and stick my ass out. As I was doing the later, he told me to pull by bikini bottoms up into my crack so more of my butt was exposed. I did so, and it was fun. The sun was just on the horizon, so I knew we'd be finished soon. It's location also meant I really couldn't see much. All throughout the pictures, Rick kept telling me how sexy and hot I looked. His words served as further encouragement for our shenanigans.
When Rick asked me to bend over, pull my bikini aside and show off my pussy I didn't hesitate. I was bathed in beautiful sunshine, and in my mind it was similar to another bedroom photo session. After a couple of pictures, he had me stand up, turn around and play with myself. I leaned back against the cliff, and did so automatically. My only thought was that I should have brought my vibrator along, and how horny I was getting.
"Untie your bottoms and let them drop," Rick instructed me. I did so with one hand and was now completely nude. The sun was blinding, so I closed my eyes and allowed my fingers to roam over my body. First, lightly teasing my nipples, then pulling on them more firmly. Again, I leaned back against the rock face as my hand drifted down towards my crotch. Gently, I started to rub my pussy.
"Make yourself cum babe. This is amazing," Rick pleaded.
I opened my mouth as my breathing increased, while my fingers scissored and kneaded the folds of my pussy. Lazily, I parted my lips, and delicately started to directly massage my clit. The level of my own moisture surprised me.
"Tiffany, use your fingers to fuck yourself." Rick didn't have to ask again as I plunged two digits deep into my vagina, and began to pump them in and out, while simultaneously rubbing my clit. "Cum in the sunset glow. Come on rub that little pussy of yours. Do it, you little dirty vixen," Rick almost sang out. He seemed to also be getting turned on by my display. I was almost ready to cum when Rick belted out, "Make that pussy cum. Think of how you'd feel right now if a stranger took his big cock, and just pushed it up into you and fucked you silly."
We'd never discussed sex with others, so his suggestion was unexpected, but it worked. I jabbed two fingers forcefully in and out of my pussy, while the fingers from my other hand forcefully rubbed my clit. Less than twenty seconds later, a huge orgasm ripped through my body. It left me breathless and it took a bit for me to recover. When I gradually opened my eyes I couldn't believe it. Just feet away, stood Rick along with a group of three guys and one girl. All of their eyes, were glued to my naked body and two of them were recording my show with their phones.
"What the fuck Rick?" I yelled out as I hurriedly reapplied my swimsuit. A few seconds later, I was bolting down the beach towards our vehicle. Rick's response was to let out a silly laugh, and followed me to the vehicle. We both climbed in, with him driving, and we sat in silence. The silence didn't last long.
"That was bullshit. You are never taking pictures of me again," I shouted at him.
"Tiffany calm down girlfriend. You knew we were on a public beach and obviously, exhibitionism gets you off. Did you think all those people just disappeared?" Rick asked.
"No, but you should have said something," I replied.
"Like what? Your hot body is drawing a crowd in and I bet some of them want to fuck you?"
"No!"
"I bet you even thought a few people might be watching you. Think it made you hot. Am I right?"
"Maybe, but the sun was so bright I thought they wouldn't be able to see any details," I answered. He was right. When the guy in the water saw my exposed tits it sent a buzz through my body, and when I stripped naked my pussy had quickly moistened. I was not about to let Rick know this.
"The sun was on you, the show girl. It was like a spotlight. You knew that, and when I mentioned a stranger fucking you it was obvious to all that really got you excited. In fact, it made you cum damn quick and hard. Look at how hard your nipples are getting Tiffany. You're getting horny just thinking about your show. And that a stranger could have fucked you. Right?" Rather than waiting for an answer, Rick took his right hand, shoved it between my thighs and pulled my bikini to the side so my pussy was exposed.
"That's not true," I stammered out as I closed my thighs around his hand.
"Open your legs and show me your pussy," Rick ordered. Damn, damn this submissive streak in me. I turned my face towards his, and slowly parted my legs. Instantly, he fingers were all over my pussy, then tunneling inside it. "Shit Tiffany. You're soaked. God damn, I can't believe it. You want a few strange guys to fuck my little blonde spinner."
I didn't answer, and tried hard not to show that a few seconds later an small orgasm tip-toed its way across my body.
"Honey, we are going to have some fun tonight. I want to take some indoor pictures, but first we need to get you showered up and properly dressed."
"No, please Rick. Let's just go home. You can video me instead, and I'll let you have fun with my back door." Rick seemed to enjoy anal sex more than straight sex, and once I discovered this I tried to use it to my advantage.
"Ohhh, we can do that too, but this little surprise has got to be utilized. Yes my little Tiffany flower, tonight is the night of your blossoming." I had no idea what he was talking about, but we were headed home so I thought maybe I could distract him there.
When we got home, Rick raced to the kitchen, poured me a full glass of red wine and dashed upstairs. I sipped at the wine, lost my bikini in the laundry room and wandered upstairs to shower away the salt. Twenty minutes later, I emerged feeling refreshed and the effects of my glass of wine. On the bed, Rick had laid out a light tan sundress covered with small red roses, a sheer white thong and a pair of red high-heeled flip-flops. Rather than dressing, I sauntered up to him, wrapped my arms around him and pestered him for a kiss. When it was delivered, I ground my mound into his, and feathered my tongue into his mouth.
His response was quick, "Not yet. So, I take it your pussy is hungry?" I was surprised by his vulgarity, but won't deny it sent a quiver through my loins. "Get dressed. There's this old funky dive bar that serves up fresh and barbequed oysters early on the weekends. It has great light and shadows. I want to get there before it gets packed and get some naughty pictures. I'm going to grab some more gear, you get dressed and bring a vibrator."
I was speechless and for one of the first times ever, my attempts at seducing a man had failed and failed fast. Slowly, I dressed, hesitant about our evening, yet also a touch excited. I just wished I knew what specifically Rick had in mind. I grabbed a small toy from our collection and headed downstairs.
"You look hot babe. Do me a favor. Bend over at the waist and look me in the eyes while you do so." I complied, and midway through realized he had an unobstructed view of my tits as my sundress was a bit baggy and the spaghetti straps didn't do much to hold it to my chest. I wanted to present a cold façade to his little game. Unfortunately, my nipples didn't comply.
"You plan on taking some pictures of me inadvertently exposing my nipples?" I asked.
"Maybe," Rick countered. "Let's go. I want to avoid the crowds." We scooted out the door and hit the highway. The forty minute drive was almost uneventful, except Rick kept bringing up the beach scene and teasing my pussy with his fingers. I was feeling pretty hot when we pulled up to a bar that resembled an old Victorian house more than a pub. On the porch, were several BBQ grills, each loaded with oysters. The smell was amazing and caused my stomach to rumble. We continued past these and entered the premises.
Right away I got why Rick want to snap some pics here. The place was full of small rooms, and bright lights, but the lights were pointed at different angles to yield some unique shadows. We sat at the bar and Rick ordered us a dozen fresh oysters and a bottle of bubbles. When they arrived, we moved upstairs into a small side room. Except for us it was empty, but in one corner sat a baby grand piano and opposite from it an old wooden bar. Rick pushed three oysters my way and told me to knock them back so I did. This was followed up with a flute of bubbles, and when emptied my glass was refilled.
"Ready to put a show on for the camera?" Rick asked when my second glass was half empty.
"I suppose. Do you want me to lean over so you can take pictures of my breasts?"
"No. Go sit on the piano bench. Lean back against the keys, kick up your skirt and play with your pussy. I want to capture a piano girl that needs a fucking with my lens. Think you can do it?" Before I could answer, Rick pulled me towards him and kissed me warmly. When our kiss broke, he slowly slid his hand up my thigh and onto my crotch. Teasingly slow, he started to rub my pussy through my panties. "When I'm taking the pictures, I want you to think of a stranger fucking you on the beach." As these words pierced through to my brain, he pulled the thong aside to shove a finger up into me.
"Ok," I simply replied, but inside my brain was screaming "fuck." How could he know how horny the notion made me, but how much it also disturbed me? Sex was for lovers and spouses. Not a communal event, and especially not something one randomly engaged in with strangers. But instead of protesting, I walked over to the bench, sat down and pulled my dress up to my hips. "What is someone walks up here?" I asked innocently before playing with myself.
"We'd hear them. Remember how squeaky the stairs were?" Rick asked. He was right. Each step resulted in the wood squealing as if it was protesting fiercely at supporting one's weight. I placed my hand down between my outspread thighs and used one finger to daintily tease my sex. As I did so, I stared hungrily at Rick. To myself I was thinking that maybe if he thinks I really want to fuck a stranger it will scare him, and this little game will end. While Rick clicked away, my fingers grew bold, pushed aside my thong and started to play with my pussy. I could feel my release building, and knew an orgasm was imminent.
"Ok, I think we have enough piano pussy play photos. Climb up on the little bar top here. I want you to pull one of your straps down, bend your knees and spread apart your lips with your fingers. We'll get some great black and white photos."
"Do you want me to use the vibrator?" I volunteered hoping this would allow for me to enjoy an orgasm.
"Not yet. I'm going for a classic, yet raunchy look." So, I shifted from the piano and up onto the bar top. Obediently, I sat on the top, spread my legs and started to play with myself after exposing my left breast. It felt marvelous. "Are you horny babe?"
"Yes. You're going to have to fuck me soon," I answered.
"Ok. Now stop moving your fingers, and just spread your pussy lips really wide. I want to capture the essence of your pussy's pinkness." I complied, thinking I'd soon be feeling soothing vibrations on my pussy. "Now with your other hand, really pull hard on your nipple." That fucker, he knew that when I got hot I loved having my nipples pinched hard. As I sat there, I could feel my wetness leak from my pussy onto the bar top. In the middle of these poses, the bar turned on the music and it was loud. Rick was now having to pop over and scream into my ear to give my directions.
We took a few pictures of me leaning over the bar with my ass exposed, and some with my pinky just piercing my bum. When these were complete, he captured some close-ups of his fingers jammed far up into me. There is something about the touch of another person on their pussy that really lights the fires, and this wasn't any exception. I was desperately in need of relief. "Rick, hand me the vibrator. I have to cum," I shouted out loudly over the music.
"I will. Just stay put, and think of all those people you'd like to have playing with your pussy," he added.
"Asshole, just get me my toy," I responded as I stroked two and then three fingers in and out of my gap. I next felt my toy's buzzing head against my inner thigh, and a second later on the crack of my rear. "Put it on my clit, please!" I pleaded.
"Tell me this first," Rick loudly exclaimed in my ear. "Does the thought of a stranger fucking you make so wet?"
I knew what he wanted, but also knew what I'd been thinking off all afternoon. "Maybe." After my answer, he swiftly placed the buzzing head on my clit and just as quickly pulled it away. "Yes. I admit it turns me on, but it's just a fantasy."
"One you're thinking about right now?" he inquired as he returned the vibrating head to the area around my little bald guy.
"Ok, yesss!" I hollered out.
"You'd like to feel a strange cock gliding into your little pussy, and then hammering it until you came?"
"Ohhh god. Don't stop," was all I could answer. I was hoping the contact would be enough to drop me over the edge, because I needed relief, but inside I pictured myself getting fucked at the beach while Rick captured my fantasy on film. The little blonde athletic girl getting all the dick she ever dreamed of and these thoughts were about ready to push me far past the edge.
"Maybe a random couple would accidentally walk into our photo shoot. The guy so turned on he had to take you on the spot, while his partner would also be seduced by your hunger for sex. Would you like, would you like to have such a guy fuck you while his girlfriend sucked on your clit?"
I swear, I'd never thought of such, but that changed in a millisecond. The words danced through my brain, the vibrations tingled my clit into the next level and my entire body shook with orgasmic relief as I screamed out, "Ohhhh, fuck yes. Yes, yes yesssssssss!" My orgasm was so intense, and lead into a second one despite Rick pulling the vibrator away. After its departure, I just lay there for a bit. My body completely exposed. Then, I thought I heard mumblings, and rapidly rose.
"What the fuck?" poured through my lips for the second time that day. A middle-aged couple stood next to Rick with wide-open eyes and fat smiles.
"We're sorry, we're sorry," they both yelled in a high pitched tone.
The female part added, "The area isn't closed. And we thought you knew we were here. You looked up at us briefly as we entered." I had no recollection of doing so, but my mind was elsewhere.
"I'm sorry. I apologize. You're right," I yelled across to them while trying to cover myself up. Just then the music shut off.
"About time," the male part of the couple stated. "They have a few blown speakers downstairs that need attention. Really, we didn't mean to surprise you and we'll leave, but honestly we thought you two having the balls to take those photos here was really awesome." At this juncture, I noticed the ladies nipples were rock hard and the guy was sporting a bulge in his shorts. Despite my orgasm, seeing their excitement, caused my desire to heighten.
"No, please don't leave. This is an open space, and we are almost finished," Rick announced. In my mind, I was thinking we are finished and leaving asap. "I'm just going to capture a few more seductive photos of Tiffany, and then it's a wrap. If you stick around how about we buy you a drink?" I could not believe Rick had just offered them a drink to watch me pose for nude photos.
"If you like we could help hold some lights or something," the male partner offered.
"I think I've got that part covered. You know though, I could use some props. Would you mind serving as background subjects? No facial shots. I'd just have you hold Tiffany or maybe she can suggestively touch you. You know, only with what you two are comfortable with."
"We're cool with a good deal of stuff. Does that sound fine with you sweetie?" the male partner inquired.
"I think it'd be a blast. Almost, like a little dream come true," she answered.
I couldn't believe how this situation had developed. And for the first time, I looked at them sexually. He was ruggedly handsome, with a beard and thick chest. In contrast, she had a more sophisticated look with straight dark hair, Italian features and curves to match. They looked a bit older then us, but I decided they were hot. From their my mind leapt to the picture of him driving his dick deep into my folds while I was forced to suck her pussy. I don't think my pussy could have gotten any wetter. Realizing how my pelvic region reacted to such notions made me blush.
"How about we use just your hands for a few pictures. Maybe some with one of each of your hands on her ass with Tiffany bent over at the waist, then a similar picture, but each with a hand tweaking her nipple?" The couple agreed, and soon I felt their palms on my ass, then breasts and Rick even had them pull my pussy lips apart. I knew they knew I was extremely turned on. With their fingers on my pussy, Rick took a break to change lens and asked them to hold still. They didn't. Each wiggled their fingers about my opening, and she penetrated me. I almost came from the rush.
"You two are great. Do you mind if we push the sexuality a touch more?" Rick asked them. Apparently, I wasn't worthy of the request, but it really didn't matter as I was now in heat and wanted it.
"Sure," the lady answered. "What do you have in mind?"
"I'd like to get some pictures of Tiffany staring at each of your crotches. I can tell someone's hard so maybe her kissing and touching your Johnson through the clothing, and then something similar with you?" Rick asked.
"We are game," the couple answered in unison. Rick had me kneel before the gentlemen with the top of my dress down. While the guy pinched one of my nipples I delicately placed my puckered lips against his swollen member, and then did the same with her. Next, Rick had me place my hands on their crotches and glide it over their sexes, and as he did so he asked me about how the gentleman's cock felt.
When it came time to do the same with the lady she interrupted. "It's not the same. One can see a hard-on through pants, but that is not true when a lady is excited. Maybe if the picture was taken with just my panties on that would help?"
"Great idea, great idea," Rick promptly answered and two seconds later the lady was standing before me in satin panties.
She pulled them up tight into her pussy so camel toes appeared, then offered, "Now have her kiss the material outside my labia."
"Please do so, honey," Rick encouraged me. I slowly drew near, and was surprised at how strong her scent was and after the first whiff I knew the night was going to get wild. I planted a small kiss on the cleft of her upper pussy, and after a few shots stuck out my tongue and used it to rub where I believed her clit to lie. She tilted her hips forwards which I took as a sign of encouragement. "Beautiful, beautiful," Rick softly stated from behind his lens.
"Sir, would you mind if we did the same with you?"
"That would be wonderful," and lickety split his pants were gone. I turned my attention to him, and gently kissed the outline of his shaft. He had on rayon briefs, that snugged his cock and revealed he was a well-endowed man. His cock would have to slowly be worked into me, and just the notion of such a fucking had my little cunt doing backflips. I brought my hand up to his briefs, and used it to slowly stroke his cock. My hold on the material caused it to be pulled down and the head of his cock emerged. Without a moment of thought, I brought my lips up to his head and sucked it into my mouth. I wanted more, so I pulled his underwear down lower to allow his cock to pop out fully.
"Wow, that is a gorgeous dick," Rick unconsciously stated as he snapped away. I spent a minute sucking away on this fellow's dick. As I did, his lady friend started to tease my pussy with her fingers, and this drew my attention back to her. I released his cock from my mouth, spun around, pulled aside her panties and began to explore her pussy with my mouth and fingers. A week ago, shit a day ago, I would never have dreamed I'd be in such a position, let alone craving the loss of my tongue-in-a-pussy virginity. I explored her soaked dark regions, then started to focus on her clit. She was holding my head and pulling into her. About this time, I felt the gentleman's cock pushed up against my ass cheeks, so I parted my knees to provide him with better access. He placed the tip of his cock at my entrance, and pushed the head of his dick into me.
A loud "BBRRRRHHH-BRRRHHHH-BRRRRHHHHH-BRRRRHHHH" ringing erupted all around us, and caused us all to freeze. Fire alarms were not conducive to group sex or really any sex for that matter.
The lady of the couple shouted out, "It's just a fire alarm." Two seconds later, in a much louder frantic voice she hollered, "Oh fuck. Look out the window. The porch is on fire. We have to get out!" This caused me to look up, and quickly realize she was right. The flames were already lapping at the second story.
"We have to get out," Rick added to the crazy chorus erupting around us. "I have to get all my camera shit together." While the lady squeezed back into her jeans, Rick was scavenging round for his camera components. And me, I remained on my knees, as this massive cock continued to thrust itself up into me. I should have freaked out. Instead, my fingers clawed at the carpet as I pushed my ass back towards his cock. In two or three thrusts, he was fully inside and my pussy wanted to scream—part agony, but mostly pure sexual joy. In the state I was in, I probably would have let him finish, knowing it would have also allowed me to spin through a couple of my own orgasms.
Instead, his friend yanked him away from me, and then assisted me. The three of us scuttled downstairs and had to jump through some flames. We had some minor burns, but otherwise were fine except for our lost libido. Once outside, we were greeted by Rick, and his camera bag. She probably saved my life, and I never got either of their names. We watched the fire trucks put out the blaze, but the building was severely damaged. An hour later, I was back at home. Showered, self-bandaged and in bed next to a snoring fiancée.
Two weekends later, Rick went on a photography outing with one of his instructor friends that focused on micro floral images. It seemed like a big change of subjects to me, but he disagreed. I was right. And Rick, well, at least he was mostly honest.
He returned two days later, and said we had to talk. He got right to the point, he'd discovered his true self, was in love with Bruce and our engagement was over. Also, Rick knew despite his intentions that I'd been wronged. So, I got to stay in what had been our house for three years, after which we'd sell it and split the profits. To me, it all seemed so calculated and cold. The range of emotions I'd experienced in a little over a week was inconceivable. For three weeks, it felt like I was dying a slow death.
I was mad at him, but also myself. Now that the news was out the signs seemed obvious. He'd always preferred anal sex and blow jobs over vaginal sex. Was more into clothes than myself. Had discussed the "beauty" of cocks several times, and it also explained why he never got jealous when others hit on me. Why the fuck had I been so blind to his orientation? I felt cheated, publicly humiliated and stupid. I just wanted to disappear from the planet.
It is times such as these, when one needs anchor lines to keep them from the morass. The lines have to be strong, but more important is the anchor or in other words the friend who is serving as the anchor. Since junior high, Sadie and I had been best friends. We were on the phone with each other within hours after losing our virginity, and I'd revealed a fair amount of what had transpired before the fire. Plus, she knew all about Rick, and knew him also.
Each day after the split she stopped in to check on me, bring me food and make sure I somehow managed to keep on sucking oxygen into my lungs. After two weeks, she was exasperated with this chore, and started to haul my ass out of the house. It didn't seem to make a difference, but on one of those outing she did manage to get me laughing. I realized I might live after all.
After the third week, she showed up early on a Saturday night and barged right inside. Didn't even bother to say hello before turning off the television I was languishingly watching, "We are going to a party tonight my dear. And you will have some fucking fun! Got that!"
"What?" I lazily asked.
"You heard me sister bitch! Fun time. Get dressed!" Sadie commanded.
"Seriously? I am not up for any hee-hah party. You go," I replied.
"You didn't hear me. We, as in you and I, are going to a party. G-e-t D-r-e-s-s-e-d!" Sadie screamed and tossed a bag onto my lap. "This is going to be a fun one, and just what the doctor ordered for you."
I looked into the bag and discovered a pair of cowboy boots, one pair of men's boxers, a white wife beater and a cowboy hat. "What the hell? Is this like a clown outfit?"
"No, it's the gear for a very fun, respectable party that you are going to love. Wipe off that 'Oh poor me' curmudgeon look and get dressed," Sadie instructed.
"I'm not wearing this. I'll look like a clown."
"I don't care, because we all are wearing the same outfit, so view it as a clown party,"
"What kind of party is this?"
"A cowboy monopoly party. Haven't heard of such before, have you?"
"No," I answered simply.
"Everyone dresses the same. A cowboy hat, cowboy boots, men's boxers and a wife beater tank top," Sadie advised.
"That's different. And I suppose we all sit around and play monopoly."
"Yes," Sadie answered. "Well, maybe something to do with monopoly. We pay $10 at the door, and in return get $500 in monopoly money. This is used to buy drinks, and make bets with the other people there. With everyone dressed the same it forces folks to be creative in their bets and money usage."
"So, are the drinks $100 each or something?" I asked a bit curious.
"Usually five or ten bucks. Well, in monopoly money. Get the stuff on and let's get out of here. We're already late," Sadie scolded me.
"I need some time, as I'm not leaving here looking like this so need to shower and get my make-up on."
"Delay, delay, delay. You look fine," Sadie shot back, followed up by an "ughhhh." I think she realized maybe I did need a shower. "I'll start the shower to get it warm, and create us some kind of tasty spirited beverage while you clean up." She followed me into the bedroom, and veered off to the restroom to get the shower going. Once it was rolling, she headed towards our kitchen liquor area.
The warm shower felt nice. Don't they always? Lazily I washed my hair and body, and was in the process of conditioning my hair when the glass door opened and Sadie handed me a drink.
"Here, this will help lift your spirits?"
"What is it?" I asked while also thinking that in all our years together she had never seen me naked.
"You don't have much. It's mostly ice with some gin, Amaro and a touch of sweetener. It's a sipping beverage."
I returned the drink to her, and asked for a towel. When I stepped out, Sadie handed me a towel for my hair and a second one for my body. Her eyes roamed over my body, and as she helped dry off my back she commented, "You have a really nice body." With those words out, she reached under my towel and fondled my ass cheeks. "I've wanted to do that for years."
Her play sprouted a smile on my face, so I spun around and let her wipe off the droplets on my front side.
"Oh, heavens no sister. You need to jump back into the shower."
"What are you talking about?"
"Look at that mop. It simply will not do. Get in there, I'll get a razor and cream for you."
"But it's trim," I replied.
"You want it smooth as a baby's butt. Those inch-long pubes you call trim will be snaking out of the boxers and will not be pretty. You want folks to see that?"
"No," I answered as I re-entered the shower. Sadie did have a point, and five minutes later my mound was free of all pubic hair. When I exited, Sadie was there again, but this time she handed me the hair towel and kept the body towel to use on me. I played along and was surprised, as she softly patted dry my entire body.
"You haven't even tried my drink yet. Let me change that," Sadie advised. She picked up the glass, took a sip and walked up to me. I know I had to have a surprised questioning look on my face. As I stood there naked, she curled her palm around the back of my head and pressed her lips to mine. I wasn't sure what to do, but did open my lips when her tongue pressed against them, and doing so caused us to share her concoction. Once she passed the contents to me, she pulled away. "What do you think?"
"It's good, but strong," I advised.
"Yes, I agree. Sip it." Sadie handed the glass to me and bent down so her face was directly in front of my vagina. "Spread your legs. I want to make sure you didn't miss any tufts." I parted my thighs, and she inspected my work. "Not bad, and no knicks. Ok, now turn around and bend over. Need to check your rear work." I complied. Sadie pushed my outer vulva over to one side, and then the other. When finished, she used her fingers to squeeze my clit between my lips causing me to breath in deeply. After the pinch, she stood up and twisted me around. "Give me a kiss."
"What?" I asked.
"Kiss me. I want to make sure you are comfortable kissing me. Sometimes these parties get more adult orientated, and the guys love to dare girlfriends to kiss. If that happens, I don't want you to freak out, but be comfortable with it," Sadie explained. Her logic made sense, and sharing the drink/kiss was fun, so I kissed her. Just a small peck. "Ok, now a real kiss," Sadie insisted. I knew this would happen and wanted to teases her a bit. This time I greeted her with open lips, and it was not a quick kiss.
Her lips were so soft, and her tongue delicate. Our lips caressed one another's, while our tongues rolled together like snakes mating. It was hot. Sadie pulled my naked body firmly up against hers, and again fondled my ass. When her hand snuck around and landed between my thighs, I lost my focus. Softly she parted my lips with her finger, and drew up some of my moisture to gently stroke my sacred spot.
"Ohh Sadie. That feels good," I whispered to her as I parted my legs. When I did so, she pulled her hand away.
"Ok, that answers that question. Think I may have to dare you to kiss me. Let's get you dressed, and get out of here." Just like that, her display of affection was over. She retrieved the bag of clothes, and tossed me the white wife-beater. I put it on and immediately felt uncomfortable.
"Shit Sadie. You can see the outline of my nipples."
"Yep. Everyone will be wearing the same thing. But I did cut the bottom from yours. Have to show off those great abs you have. Dry your hair and get your make-up on, and hurry. I'm going to enjoy ogling your tushie while you do so."
As I styled my hair, and painted myself up, Sadie and I chatted. She had been to the Cowboy Monopoly parties twice before. The first time, she admitted it was kind of silly. Goofy dares, minimal kissing and people overly intoxicated, but she said the second was very different.
"How so?" I asked.
"The dares were a little more forward, and sexy. You'll see. Well, that is if the party goes along a similar thread tonight." She watched me apply my make-up and when I finished slapped my ass hard. "You play so innocently and reserved, but what Rick started with his lens was there all the time. Tonight, I want to see the real Tiffany enjoy her sexuality." Once these words were out, Sadie grabbed the bag and pulled out two pairs of boxer shorts.
The first pair she tossed me were a light gray, small men's brief. I pulled them up and spun around for Sadie. "Cute, huh?"
"Yep. There so tight one can see exactly where your pussy is and its crack." I looked in the mirror and she was right. They might be a bit too much I thought. "But that would have its advantages," Sadie added as she walked up to me and deliberately started to rub my pussy through the material.
"That's enough. I don't need to walk into a party with a wet spot," I advised.
"Now try these one's on," Sadie told me as she pulled out a pair of light blue satin boxers. "I had to get an extra small, as the other sizes were huge. They'll be snug at the waist, but loose at the bottom and I had to snip the ends off because I didn't want them handing down to your knees."
I pulled them up and the bottoms fell a few inches below my crotch. "How do they look?"
"Pretty hot. The ripped/cut look goes well with your top, and the boots I borrowed for you are baby blue also. All to match your eyes. Come here. Let me adjust them a little bit." I walked over to her and she pulled up the waist high and rolled it over once. "There, much better."
"There's not much material hiding my junk," I protested.
"I know. That's the point," Sadie answered. "If you sit right, your pussy will be on display and if someone were to kiss you they'd easily be able to tease your petals." She walked up to me, and pulled me in for a wet kiss. Our mouths opened, and when my tongue touched her I felt her finger rubbing my pussy and ultimately pushed up into me. "Do you like that?"
"Yesss," I whispered back shyly while thinking it might be more fun to stay home and explore this new side of our relationship.
"Time to go!" Sadie abruptly announced. "I'm going to get my stuff on and then we are leaving. Put the boots and hat on." She walked out, and returned a bit later with a second bag. In front of me she stripped naked, pulled on a matching wife beater, and tight cotton briefs that were thin enough to show the outline of her inner curtains. She had a black cowboy hat, and matching black boots. We exited and loaded up in her truck.
On the way there, Sadie ask me to turn my legs towards her. "Why?" I asked.
"Because I'm going to gauge when I can and cannot see your pussy so you'll know how to sit." What followed was a hilarious game of shifting and sitting at various angles. Our conclusion was that if my legs were parted much at all, my jewel was on display. The house party was supposedly over an hour away, but it seemed like we arrived in less than half that time. When we walked up to the door step, the butterflies in my stomach were so bad I almost vomited.
Sadie rang the doorbell, and a second later we were greeted by Rob. He was a little over six feet, with steel blue eyes and very fit. I shook his hand politely and entered. There were probably about twenty people there and crazily all dressed like us. Just the view made me smile. How could you not, right? Sadie let me know that Rob had an identical twin brother Bob who was also here.
A minute later, Rob appeared at my side and introduced himself again, except this time he was Bob. They were identical. He asked for $10 dollars as a participation fee. Sadie gave him a twenty, and in return he handed us each a wad of Monopoly money. Supposedly, five-hundred dollars of funny money.
"How about we get ourselves some drinks, and then mingle?" Sadie asked.
"Sure," I replied as my eyes wondered the crowd. There were several attractive people present, and most of the ladies had on a top through which one could make out the outline of their nipples. This helped me to relax. We wondered out of the living room and into the kitchen where a large high-top desk served as bar-complete with three stools in the front of it.
A middle-aged man was sitting on the far right bar stool, so Sadie sat down on the left one and I took the middle stool. She ordered us each a shot of tequila, and I was surprised that they charged us each twenty dollars. Apparently, this was a high end bar. After a bit we included the gentleman in our conversation. The party had started two hours ago and we'd missed two of the mandatory dare rounds.
I asked about the dare rounds and he explained that during a round each person had to issue dares to another person, and couldn't dare one person more than once per round. Also, a single person was banned from partaking in more than three dares per round. Naturally, I asked what happened is someone didn't do a dare.
"Oh, there's nothing complicated about it. Either you do the dare for the dared price, or you pay the person that amount. But if you run out of money, then you have to strip naked until someone earns your clothes back." Now the challenge of the event was recognized by my brain. I didn't ask how someone would earn their clothes back.
"Interesting," I replied. "How did your dares go?"
"Very well. Mind if I buy you two another round?" And before we answered two more shots of tequila were poured for us. I accepted the drink, but let him know I had had enough alcohol for a bit.
I turned towards him and asked, "Can you only do dares during the rounds?"
"No. You can issue a dare any time you like. And, by the way, nice view." My face turned beet red as his eyes were aimed right at my crotch. Immediately, I closed my legs and turned away. "Don't be embarrassed. It is beautiful and looks freshly shaved. Surely, you anticipated others would get to behold such beauty?"
"This is my first Cowboy Monopoly party," I mumbled and turned back towards him, but this time making sure my legs were not parted.
"How about a dare my dear?"
"I don't know. It's early. It might be best to wait to get going until I have a chance to see what the other dares are," I replied.
"Young lady, you either accept or pay me the wager. Oh, and wagers over $100 are not allowed. Here it is—you simply sit there, but with your legs parted wide until you've consumed a glass of wine. Of course, no gulping. The wager is for $75 dollars, and I'll make sure not many notice," the gentleman offered.
I realized I was in a pickle and started to count out $75 dollars. "Don't be stupid, this is as easy as it gets and you'll appreciate the money later on," Sadie advised.
With her advice or pressure, I relented. "Ok," and slowly I parted my thighs. The gentleman ordered a glass of merlot for me and moved his stool so he was directly in front of me. Meanwhile, the bartender served a glass of red wine filed almost to the rim.
I took a sip and felt awkward as the guy in front of me locked his eyes on my pussy. It was weird, but also reminded me of when the people were watching me at the beach crag.
"A little wider sweet one. And let me move some of the fabric. It reminds me of an orchid, and I can tell it is a touch swollen. Do you like knowing I can fully see your flower?"
"She loves it. She's shy. Already her breathing has gotten faster," Sadie added. "I bet she's hoping you'll touch her." The last comment caused me to take a healthy drink of my wine.
"Hmm, would that be fair play under the dare?" the man asked.
"I don't see why not," Sadie answered. "Let me show you the beauty of her orchid." She reached across, placed one hand on my vagina and with her fingers opened my inner lips.
"Swollen and moist, just my type," the man added and again I took another sip.
"She wants your fingers to explore her sex," Sadie tossed out. My face again turned crimson. "Look how erect her nipples are." This brought the eyes up to my chest to confirm the point, but soon they wondered back down. "Go ahead, she won't wait forever."
The man extended his arm out and used two of his fingers to lightly tickle my inner thighs, slowly, very slowly bringing them closer and closer to my sex. When his fingers were less than an inch away he pulled them away and placed them on my other thigh, far from my crotch. He repeated this process twice. I responded by spreading my legs even wider and this time when his fingers were close I pushed my hips out. Hoping to force contact. Easily, he avoided my thrust.
"Do you want to feel my fingers in your pussy?"
"Yesss," I softly whispered.
"Pour some wine onto it, and then I may." My response was to place the rim of my glass directly above my vagina and slowly coat it with red wine. I didn't worry about staining my shorts. Quickly, his fingers were exploring my sex. Outer lips, inner lips, teasing my clit and then pushing up into me. All I could do was lean back against the bar, and bite on my lip. His exploration transitioned, as he started to pump two fingers in and out of my sex while using his thumb to tweak my clit. Sadie reached across, and pulled up my top to expose my tits. He reached down and sucked hard on each of my nipples.
"She probably wants you to fuck her," Sadie advised. "Lately, she has been dreaming of a stranger taking her."
"Ohhh fuckkk. Don't stop, just keep doing. Ohhhh," I mumbled.
"Maybe later. Maybe the both of you," the gentleman answered. Then he asked me, "Do you want to be fucked?" His thumb was pressing harder against my clit and flicking rapidly.
"Ohhh, ohhh, yesss, ohhh shit. I'm goinngggg to cummm," and I did. When my pussy became too sensitive I pushed his hand away. He pulled his fingers out of me, and pushed them into my mouth. I cleaned them off, and thanked him.
"Dare well done my little flower. Enjoy the wine and we will certainly dance again." Then he was off to another room. I looked up and saw a few people looking hungrily at me. I turned around to face the bar and avoid their looks.
"That was amazing. You even made me horny," Sadie added.
"Can we step outside. I need some fresh air," was my response.
"Sure, just follow me." Sadie lead me to a back door that exited onto a deck. There were two couples outside, but they were engaged in their own conversation.
"Shit Sadie. I don't know what overcame me. That is not who I am. I just get so hot, and feel powerless to stop. Maybe we should leave?"
"It's ok my dear. There is nothing wrong in enjoying your sexuality. Didn't you have fun?"
"Yes, but it seems so wrong now," I answered.
"But you enjoyed it, he did, as did I and a few others in the room. In fact it was uber sexy. You should be proud."
"Really?"
"Yes. Definitely yes. If you are unsure it is fine to say no. I don't want you having regrets."
"But, Sadie. I wanted to him to fuck me. I don't even know him."
"And your point is? Just remember, I love you and you're awesome. Ready to go have some more fun?"
"I guess," and to myself I thought I will not let my libido get the best of me tonight. Quietly we re-entered the party house. Sadie introduced me to a few friends, and again the dress of everyone made me smile, plus some of the people there couldn't help themselves. A few cocks were making tents, and some of the gals had spilled or wet their shirts so their tops were see through. It was a damn sexy vibe. A couple of minutes later, a bell rang out loudly.
From wall speakers, a loud voice announced, "Time for the next dare round. Have fun, and don't do anything I wouldn't do." This was followed by the whole group rolling their eyes and laughing. A couple of minutes later, a beautiful Persian woman walked up to me. She looked like a model. Long straight dark hair, tan eyes, slender build and full exotic lips.
"I dare you to kiss me for $50 dollars?" she stated in a sultry voice. My response was to smile and confidently step towards her. Our arms embraced around one another, and for a bit we just smiled and eyed each other. Slowly, our lips drew near, touched and it started. A slow intimate kiss, that gradually grew and a short while later flames were ignited.
Our mouths felt like they couldn't get enough of each other, while our bodies pressed against one another tightly. It wasn't long before her hands were roaming over my body. Slipping underneath my shorts initially to fondle my bum, then pushing them down to expose my sex. Quickly her fingers were spreading my lips and sliding up into me. She knew how to tease a woman. With her other hand, she started to twist and pull on my nipples. Somehow, this lady made me feel like I was in heat all over again.
Her play also made me curious, and for the first time I played with another woman's tits. Her breasts were much fuller than mine, but with small nipples that made her flinch when I pulled on them. And then I lowered my hand down and started to rub her pussy through the cotton fabric of her briefs. It wasn't enough. Gently, I eased my hand down her underwear and parted her lips with my fingers. Pushing a finger up into her, and then gradually adding a second one. I couldn't believe how wet her pussy was.
Briefly, we paused our make-out session, allowing me to ask, "Do you always get so wet?"
My friend responded, "I get fairly wet, but I'm a bit creamy down there. Two have already taken me." She pressed her open mouth back to mine, swirled her tongue about mine before pulling back again. "Pull your fingers out and taste me."
I thought about it for a second. Then did as she asked. I placed two fingers in my mouth and sucked on them hungrily. The taste was unique. Semen and something else. It was her. Her pussy juices. After the taste, I resumed our kissing and hungrily returned my hand to her vagina. I wanted her. As we made out, I played with her pussy and clit just like it was my own. It didn't take long before she was moaning and shortly after cumming.
"Oh, my god. I can't believe you did that with just your fingers," my friend stated as she backed away from me. "Can you do me a favor please?"
"Sure," I responded.
"During the next dare, will you dare my husband to kiss you? He is the one that greeted you. I'll be standing next to him."
"Ok," I answered. She pulled up my shorts, gave me a peck on my lips and wandered off swinging her sexy hips. I really wanted more of her. When she disappeared, I looked around and was surprised at the events around me. A lady was blowing two guys in one corner, the older gentleman was eating out a girl on the couch across from me and just then Sadie walked up. Her tank top was torn so one of her tits hung free, the cotton fabric around her pussy was soaked and her hair was a mess. She looked like she'd just been fucked.
"One more minute, and let's wrap up this round. The final dare round will be in thirty minutes," the loud voice announced again over the speaker.
"That lady you were with is beautiful," Sadie commented. "Did you enjoy her?"
"Yes. She's so sexy."
"There's a minute left. Do you dare me to kiss you?" Sadie asked with her eyes full of desire.
"Ok," I replied softly and that was all it took. Sadie pressed her open mouth to mine and promptly had her fingers twirling through my sex. She pushed one, two and then three fingers up into my wet pussy while using the thumb of her other hand to tweak my clit.
Our kiss was fast, but Sadie pulled back and asked, "Are you having fun?"
"Yessss," I moaned out.
"You wanted to fuck her didn't you? To eat her pussy until she came over and over?" Sadie asked as she continue her assault on my crotch.
"Jesus fuck. Ohhh shit Sadie. Yess, yessss I want her," I admitted.
"And you want to be fucked right now. I saw how your eyes looked when you say the older guy again. Right?"
"Yesss," I answered as I bit my lower lip. "Ohhh god, I think I'm going to cummmm. Please don't stop," I begged. And that is exactly what Sadie did.
"Bitch! Why did you stop?"
"I want you to be so badly in heat you would beg someone to fuck you," Sadie replied.
"Shit. I was there a while ago."
"I know. I love it. Do you want me to touch your clit again?"
"Yesss."
"Pull your boxers down and take them off. Just leave them on the floor. I don't think you'll need them for a bit and everyone will be able to see your delicious ass." I did as she asked, and when I stood Sadie placed one finger on my clit and lightly traced her finger around it.
"Use your fingers like you were before," I pleaded.
"You want more than a touch?"
"Yes."
"What do you want?"
"Please do it?"
"Say what you want," Sadie demanded.
"Screw my pussy with your fingers."
"Do you want just fingers, or would you like cocks and tongues exploring every inch of your body?" With this question out, she shoved two digits into me forcefully. I felt great, but I wanted more. "So, what do want?"
"Everything," I answered as I pulled the palm of her hand up against my mound and ground my clit into it.
"Should we host a cowboy monopoly party at your place next weekend?"
"Oh shit." The thought was sobering, yet I loved the idea of a repeat. "Ok," I answered after a brief pause. And Sadie pulled her hand free.
"Let's go get you a drink. It'll allow for people to view one of the most amazing asses ever made. And I'll show you some of the other rooms to get ideas for next weekend. You know, they say the hostess always gets the mostess." Sadie grabbed my hand and led me back into the kitchen. This time we didn't sit, but instead each purchased a glass of red wine. She gave me a tour of the upstairs portion of the house.
There were some cool features, including a sex swing in one bedroom, a hot tub just off the back deck I hadn't noticed earlier, and a waterbed. As we walked around people did notice my ass. Several pinched, smacked or rubbed it and while we were standing in the kitchen the older gentleman gave it a nice massage and twice dipped his fingers into me. All of this just made me want more.
Eventually, we returned to the living room. It was the largest room of all and where most of the people were moving into. In the center of the room, my Persian friend was standing next to one of the twins. I gathered that must be her husband and recalled the dare I was going to ask him. His shirt was off and there was an obvious bulge in his briefs. Briefly, I daydreamed about him, and a couple of minutes later it was announced this was the last dare round.
Immediately, Sadie was approached by a blonde man carrying a large dildo. "I dare you to fuck yourself with this while sucking my cock," he dared her. I was a bit shocked as I'd never thought of such.
Sadie grabbed the piece of plastic from his hand, used a suction cup to stick it to the floor, pulled down his briefs and replied, "Ok, but only if you find someone to fuck me afterwards." She didn't wait for an answer, but instead squatted above the tip of the toy cock and guided it into her opening. Once it was halfway in, she brought the fellow's cock to her lips and started to suck on it. I couldn't believe the way she looked, almost as if she was possessed, yet so fucking hot. Was that how I looked I wondered, then I remember my dare.
I turned and saw that the host was still in the living room, right next to his wife and surrounded by five or six people. My hope was that I could catch him alone in a corner as I felt embarrassed to have to ask for a kiss. His body was hot, and the bulge remained. I wondered if I would feel it press against my wet opening when he kissed me, and what if he declined. Oh god, that would be really embarrassing. While these thoughts raced through my mind, his wife saw me and shot me a smile. Now, I felt compelled so I slowly walked over. All around me, people were starting to engage in various sexual acts.
When I walked up to him, he turned to me and smiled, but didn't say a word. At the same time, his twin brother also approached. I was worried he might pull him away so choppily delivered my dare. "Hi, can I or no, I dare you to kiss me for $10."
"Accepted," was his only response. He pulled me towards him and seemed to tower over me. He put his toned arms around me, and latched his hands directly to my rear. "You've a perfect ass. My brother and I were commenting on how it bounces when you walk. It makes us want to fuck you."
"Thank you," I innocently replied. He responded by lifting me up by my bottom. I thought it was to give me a kiss, but he kept on lifting, raising me higher and higher, until my crotch was right before his face. "Rest your legs on my shoulders, I'm going to start kissing you."
Oh shit. I couldn't believe it. I angled my thighs over his broad shoulders and he lifted me a bit higher until my lips were inches from his mouth. He flicked out his tongue, then pulled me towards it. Initially, he just teased me with faint swipes of the tip of his tongue. It felt sexy, as everyone was now watching us. I realized the angle was off a bit so I placed one foot on his shoulder to push on, and raised my hips up so they were just above his mouth. This give him full access to my sex.
Instantly, he was probing my canal with his tongue and a minute later transitioned to my clit. He alternated between sucking on it forcefully and blowing while pressing his lips against it which caused his lips to vibrate strongly against it. It caused me to twist, push and gyrate my mons into his face. At the same time, I was trying to pull my vagina away from him, and push it harder against his mouth. It was exhilarating. His wife pulled up a chair behind me, made a few sexy comments to me and started to kiss and lick my behind. When her tongue found my sphincter it almost sent me over the edge.
"Do you like that? Do you like having your anus and clit played with at the same time?"
"Yesssss," I hissed back. The people watching, and wicked sensations were pushing me where I'd only recently dreamed about, and now I wanted not just to imagine it, but to full on experience and explore my lust. I didn't want either of them to stop, but she did. I didn't bother asking why, instead I focused on catching more of her husbands talented tongue and spreading my legs even wider.
A bit later I felt another set of hands on my butt. It was the twin brother. He was roughing grabbing my ass and pressing his thumb up against my anus. I felt his thumb delve into my pussy briefly and again return to my ass where he pushed his thumb into me. Seemingly from a different world, I felt my mouth open and the words "Oh Fuck" loudly roll out. When I turned to look at him, he was smilingly gleefully and the wife was sucking his large cock. When she pulled her mouth away, it was shining brought, at least 8 inches long.
"I think she's ready," the wife declared. I thought she meant I was ready to cum, and she would have been correct. Instead, the twins slid my thighs off the shoulder supports and lowered me down until I felt the tip of her husband's cock poking at my entrance. "Do you want them to go further and fuck you?" the wife asked. I wanted his cock in my pussy as fast as possible.
"Yes, I mean ok," I responded. I was lowered down with his dick slowly spearing into me, further and further until our pubic bones touched. "Oh fuck, that feels good," I announced and again realized we were being watched by almost everyone at the party, including Sadie who was naked, but had a lady with her fingers dangling into her folds. Slowly, I was raised up and down on his cock. This lasted briefly. The wife returned her tongue to my bum, and a few strokes later pushed fingers up into my ass. It almost sent me over the edge.
She moved away, and the next thing I felt was the other twins' hands on my hips and then his cock head was bumping up against my ass. Suddenly, I got what was meant by the twins fucking me and why the crowd was watching. My ex-fiancée taught me to enjoy anal sex, and I'd heard of double penetration, but I never thought it would involve me.
This was real. I hesitated a split second, by my body did not. Instead, I turned to him and instructed, "You want my sweet ass don't you. Just go slow."
He followed instructions well. First, he eased his head past my sphincter and gradually worked himself up inside me further. The two brothers, with their strong builds, were able to lift my frame with ease. It wasn't long until they were both stuffing their cocks in and out of my pussy and ass. The pleasure was indescribable. Orgasms ricocheted through my body. It felt like electric currents of pleasure were randomly unleashed. My pussy tightly contracting, and seconds later spasming in tandem with my ass. The brother drilling me from behind came first, and a few moments later his twin unleashed a torrent of cum into my pussy. The effort drained him, and he simply deposited my body on a nearby sofa.
I laid there for a bit, in disbelief. Around me, the room had erupted into an orgy. I felt cum dripping out of both my entrances, but lacked the energy to move. Just then, my friend the wife crawled up beside me. "Are you ok?" she gently inquired.
"Yes. Shocked, but fine. More like Wowed."
"That was so hot. Do you mind if I put my arms around you and kiss you?"
"No. Actually, I'd love it if you did just that. Tonight is crazy. I've never felt so sexually charged and look at everyone. Sex is everywhere. I can't believe I just did that. Have you ever had two men that way?"
"Yes. It's a special treat for all. Not an everyday experience. Did you enjoy it?"
"Oh god yes. I just can't believe it actually happened. It's hot just reliving it right now," I answered.
My mystery friend slid next to me on the couch so her spine was pressed against the back of the couch, while I laid flat next to her. With one hand, she softly ran her fingers through my blonde locks, while with the other she cupped one of my breasts. "When you first walked in the boys both wanted you. I was the one that suggested they share you. Everyone here has been commenting on your fine derriere. And, well, when you were strutting it around almost naked, I thought it was just begging for some rear play, but I also knew how hot your pussy was. Guess both ends had a little treat."
"They were not little. My back door will be sore for a bit," I provided.
"And what about the front door?"
"It'll be fine. It's not like I haven't ever played with larger toys." During our little chat her hand had started to glide up and down my body, yet carefully avoided my sex. It was starting to distract me. "Do you mind me asking what dares you have participated in tonight?"
"Several, and yet, not enough. What do you think when you see all these people before us having sex?"
"Even though I'm a touch exhausted seeing and hearing their pleasures is a turn on."
"Yes, me too. Very much. Sometimes, I feel like I could just go on all night," she replied.
"I know what you mean," I stated and just then her roaming fingers gently touched my pussy. I couldn't help myself as my hips raised upwards in search of more contact. As I did so, I felt her thigh raise up and come to rest atop of mine so her mound was now pressed against mine.
"So, maybe you're ready for some more lady love?"
"Maybe," I simply answered.
She responded by moving up a bit, turning my head towards her and gently kissing me. I indicated my acceptance by opening my mouth and gently tickling her lips with my tongue. Our kissing slowly progressed, as our hands explored each other's bodies again. Her breasts were so firm and heavy, and during our kissing I could feel the moisture from her sex spread onto my thigh as she rode herself on me.
When we progressed to heavy open mouthed kissing, she pulled her body up on top of mine, such that my legs were spread and our mounds pressed together. We ground our pussies together for a bit, then she broke our kiss, pulled away and started to nibble and suck at my nipples. This fired me up more than it should have, but I wanted more. I didn't have to wait long until she wiggled her body downwards so her face was just above my pussy. This would be another first for me, and I wanted it. I spread my legs as wide as possible and offered myself to her.
"Do you mind if I clean-up my husband's mess?" she asked.
"I'd love it."
She carefully licked and sucked on my swollen outer lips, before turning her attention to my sensitive inner areas. When her tongue touched my clit, one hand grabbed my breast while the other fell to the back of her head as I thrust upwards. She initially butterfly kissed it, and built from there until she was alternately mashing it with her tongue then sucking on it forcefully. Into this mix, she added her fingers. Pushing slowly up into me as far as possible, and then withdrawing completely at an even slower rate. It drove me crazy. After my first orgasm, she took a short break, playing with my ass button and then returning her lips to my pussy.
During the second round, a fellow came up and spoke to my friend quietly. She nodded her head affirmatively, and raised up her bottom by moving onto her knees. He moved behind her, pulled down his briefs and stroked his unit until it was hard. Next, he eased his cock into my friend and started to screw her. Each of his thrusts ground her face ruggedly into my pussy. Unfortunately, after a bit, the fucking she was receiving distracted her from my pleasures. I watched the two screw for a bit, but it seemed as though I was the odd man out so I redacted myself from the couch. My friend waived with one hand to me, but clearly was lost in her own pleasure.
All about me people were playing with one another. Some kissing, and most participating in more pleasurable activities. The attention my pussy had received from my lady friend was pleasurable, but left me unsatisfied. The twins sandwiching and double penetration of me had launched the climax of this hedonistic party, but now I was feeling abandoned. Well, I guess I just wanted more special attention. Really, my pussy should have been telling me to quit and not itching for more. Observing the others around me moan and twist in orgasmic pleasures certainly did not help the situation. Instead of jumping into the play, I retreated to the kitchen where I could see some of the action, and remain hidden.
Through the doorway, I could see Sadie taking on two men. One guy was fucking her vigorously, while she sucked another person's cock. A couple of minutes later, a lady wandered over, spoke to Sadie and then sat on her face. The guy getting a blowjob simply moved his cock from Sadie's mouth to the lady's mouth whose pussy Katie was eating out. I couldn't help it, my hand dropped between my thighs and I started to play with myself. A bit later, I was surprised when I felt someone sit down next to me on the bench where I was seated.
"Hello there, again. Having a little buyer's remorse or just ready to be done?" the elder gentleman asked me. He appeared to be in his late 40's, with gray hair on the side, fairly fit, a calming voice and sparkly eyes. Despite he likely being twenty years older, I found him damn sexy and wouldn't of minded if he went beyond observing my pussy.
"Hey there. Now, I'm all naked so you can look for free," I cleverly replied, or so I thought.
"You're a sexy one. No doubt there has been lots of looking here tonight beyond my eyes. I take it things progressed too fast?"
"No, it just seems odd I was part of what started all this craziness and now it's rolling on without me," I answered.
"Ahh, feeling sorry for yourself?"
"No! Well, maybe. You know, maybe you are right. Do you think I'm being selfish?"
"We all are at times, and something best to avoid."
"Shit. The princess of the party has turned out to be a spoiled brat you're saying?"
"Well, ultimately we each only speak for ourselves."
His words captured my attention and thoughts. I straddled the bench with one leg and turned towards him. "That's a good point. I'd never looked at it that way. So my choice to withdraw was really my voice?"
"Kind of, there may be reasons you and I are not aware of, but feeling sorry for oneself is also a choice. If you are jealous of your earlier star status you can jump back into the fun parade. I've no doubt there are many who would love to pleasure you. Oh, and thanks for the second view." When he delivered the last line, his eyes briefly descended down to my crotch where my lips were open and goods on display.
His subtly flirting made me smile. "There are views and then there are views, aren't there?" As the words spilled out, I raised my feet to the bench and pressed them together with my knees bent. The result was my pussy was on full wide open display.
"Indeed, you are correct," he answered. "After the amazing dp show, I get the feeling you are now embarrassed about it or just nervous about something."
"It was incredible. I'll relive that scene when I'm horny and alone for years. Yeah, I think you are right. I am nervous."
"About what?"
"This craziness in there might be taking place next weekend at my house. I promised my friend we'd throw a similar party at my house. The idea of me having sex with strangers has been a recent fantasy, and it's great. But strangers fucking in my house, people I don't know and screwing themselves silly all over my place. That seems dirty. In not such a good way. I'm crazy, right?"
"For a sexy young hot blonde girl to be sitting in that position before an old man who'd never dream of having or seeing such right before his eyes—that is crazy. To be nervous about goey sex stains on furniture at one's house—hell no that is sanity. Blankets, towels, plastic, sheets and more: I'd say buy it all. Protection!!"
I let out a few laughs, and couldn't help but smile at him. "That helps me. No, it's crazy to have a fantasy to have sex with strangers, live it out and then not want the strangers to have sex in your house because they might leave a souvenir. A bit hypercritical I think it's called, or is it judgmental?"
"We are all going to die. Everyone one of us here in this place, regardless of how many orgasms any of us experiences today or the next day. People run from death. I try to accept and embrace it, not by playing with knives or guns. Instead, I see death as a way to value each and every day I have until I float upon its waters. It gives me a tool to ensure I try to make every day the best day I can have. It is my responsibility, and not anyone else's. Death likes selfishness. Allows for its claws to take a better hold. Smiles don't. Nor does laughter, and usually not sex. Well, especially not orgasms. I try to live to maximize things that make me smile, laugh, cum and avoid stealing such from others, but then many a people have said I'm crazy."
"Oh man, you are great. That is a better way to dance. Instead of pretending death doesn't exist, recognize it and maximize life. And actually my party worries are entirely of my own creation. I can wrap the room in plastic, bath everything in Clorox afterwards or both. I need to see the joy in being a host. Have you ever hosted one of these parties?"
"Well, let's just say a little something similar."
"How come you aren't out there enjoying more orgasms instead of chatting up a poor little pitiful me gal?"
"Different routes for everyone. I prefer a little more intimate settings, but the group dynamic adds to that. Make any sense? It's a real buzz for me to enjoy one person with all this other craziness going around me. The same buzz as being a little kid in the candy store, knowing you can have anything, but you only pick one thing because it's the best. Although, maybe opening yourself up to one or two more picks." As he explained this to me, he pulled up his legs and rested his toes on my feet while his hands were folded over his knees. I had a clear view of his cock. It looked nice, and half erect. He was sexy and interesting.
"Do you have any tips for a would be hostess?" I innocently asked.
"Yes. Invite me. I'm joking. Seriously, come up with a fun theme and then provide a few options to that theme. Oh, and by the way, in case you are making the invitations personal, my name is Terry."
"Hi Terry. My name is Tiffany. Great to meet you. And I will make sure an invitation is floated your way." I extended my hand and we gently shook hands. When the hand shake was over, I placed my hand on his forearm and asked, "What do you mean by optional themes?"
"Give people like me, or you, alternatives in case they don't like the big open sex room, and it makes things a bit more interesting." As Terry stated this unclear idea, I feigned having difficulty hearing him so parted my feet, inched myself forward and wrapped my feet together on the other side of his. My pussy was now millimeters from his toes, and one of his testicles was pressed against the outer part of my toes.
"I'm still not following you," I stated as I moved a touch closer so the outer edge of my pussy was touching his big toe.
"Have you seen the rooms downstairs?" Terry asked just as his big toe flicked out and deliberately contacted the front of my open pussy.
I moved my hips closer so the front of his toe was not partially submerged inside me. "I have not. What's there?" I asked and leaned into him so my nipples rested against his forearm.
He responded by popping off the bench and offering his hand to me, "Why don't we explore the area so you'll appreciate what experienced hosts have perfected."
"Sounds intriguing. You don't mind showing me those experiences even while I'm naked, but not afraid?"
"Most likely not." When I stood, he wrapped one arm around me and escorted me downstairs. "There are three rooms down here and a shower area. We'll view it last."
"Haaa, you do have me curious now. Different themed rooms to have some fun in. What's in the first room?" I asked.
"Let me show you my dear." We walked down a hallway and at the end was a door. Terry opened it and inside were three red velvet loveseats, a gas fireplace, a couple of sheepskin rugs on the floor and red lights. The room was warm, felt inviting and romantic. In fact, I was surprised it was empty.
"This is amazing. Sexy and calming," I softly told Terry.
"The next room is a little different, let's go."
"Wait. I want to have something to remember this room by. Will you kiss me?" I asked as I rapped my arms around his waist, pressed my nude body into his and looked up towards him.
"Of course," Terry answered and initiated our kiss. Its intensity increased rapidly. As our tongues flew about, our bodies started to grind together. A bit later, Terry's left hand was fondling my bottom, while his right hand played with my hard nipples. I responded by grabbing his cock, stroking it firm and rubbing its head against my swollen lips.
"Shall we move to one of the rugs and enjoy the ambiance?" I asked as our flirting game, and just everything had my feeling incredibly horny.
"No. I think it would be best if I showed you the other rooms first."
"Maybe afterwards," I countered as I stood up on my toes and succeeded in getting the tip of his cock into my opening.
"Patience my little one. If you want to fuck, I assure you it will happen, but let's finish the tour first." He pulled back, grabbed my hand and lead me out into the hallway. Damn him. His flirt game was good, and now I was over it and wanted to move on to more pleasurable aspects. "The next room may cool you off a little, or have the opposite effect. Depending on what you like." He didn't say another word, but walked down the hall and opened the door on his left. It was very different.
The room was even hotter than the last one, but dimly lit except for a few spot lights. The lights highlighted one wall, a rough table with straps and a contraption that took me awhile to identify. It was an upside down U shaped cage. "Wow. This is not my style. The BDSM room I take it?"
"You are correct Tiffany. Have you tried such play or are you simply rejecting such notions out of preformed beliefs?"
"No. And no. Pain just isn't my thing," I added with a hint of disgust.
"So, you haven't tried it have you?"
"No. Pain and sex don't really mix in my opinion."
"When the twins both took you, was it pain free? They are well endowed gentlemen. And you seemed to enjoy both of them at the same time."
"Ok, maybe you have a little point, but still I don't think it would be very enjoyable."
"It is not about pain so much as it is about anticipation and desire. Will you allow me to give you a small sample?"
"I am not about to get into that cage."
"Those are for women who like to be held in a position that allows them to be freely taken by strangers. Sound like anything you've mentioned?" I didn't answer him, and I guess maybe light stuff might be fun. "On the far wall, there are clasps to secure a person's arms above their head. Will you allow me to restrain you there? No whips, and no spanking, unless of course you change your mind and consent to such."
"I'll let you tie me up, but no whips or spankings. Got that?"
"Yes, Miss Tiffany. I understand." Terry then led me to the wall and secured my hands above my head. The way he answered the last question made me think that it contained some hidden meaning. "If you step up on the platform and spread your feet apart I can bind them also. If you agree."
"Sure," I answered without really giving it any thought. This changed quickly when Terry gave my ass a little push. The platform was on coasters as were the cuffs that held my wrists up high. The push placed me near the center of the room, and when he pushed on my elbow I spun around. The device was cleverly design, but I was happy we were alone.
Terry spun me so my back was towards him, then reached out and firmly grabbed my ass. "Many would see this type of amazing ass as made to wear red welts." He then spun me again so now I was facing him. Something was retrieved from the wall and he returned to me. "Tiffany, this is a strap. Not a whip. It is often used to form red welts on derrieres." Again, he spun me so my back was towards him. I knew soon my flesh would feel the sting of the strap. I waited, but nothing happened. Then softly, I felt a wet kiss fall on each cheek of my ass. "Red welts despise me. Hope that is not a let down," Terry informed me as he turned me so I was facing him.
"Oh shit I was nervous."
"I keep my word, but there are other aspects of naughty sexual play that capture my interest." Again, he went to some storage area, and this time returned with two clothes pins. "Do you mind if I place these on your nipples. They are so long and erect, I couldn't help but envision how they'd make you feel."
"Ok," I hesitantly responded. Quickly, Terry reached out and fastened one of each to my nipples. Shit. They stung more than I thought they would, but they also made my pussy tingle. I was surprised by the effect.
"Some women like their vagina played with while their nipples are squeezed. Do you mind if I play with you?"
"Yes, please," I shot out quickly. To myself I thought finally. Enough games. Terry reached out and gently caressed my pussy. Softly rubbing it, before stretching my opening wide apart and then pulling and stretching out each of my inner lips. It stung slightly, yet made me want more at the same time.
"I take it by your body language you approve?"
"Yes."
"I'm going to blindfold you now. It enhances the effects." When Terry returned from the storage unit he had a long swath of velvet. He turned me, and fastened the material around my eyes and head. For a bit, I just hung there. It was distracting. Next, I felt a pulling on the clothes pins. Extending my nipples out almost painfully, and making me crave sex. This was followed by more silence, and I heard the door open and close, followed by silence.
When I felt a fingertip gracefully skating on my ass cheeks I jumped. It was followed up with a cold metal object, greased and cone shaped. I tried to pull my hips away, and it pursued them. Contacting my anus, and pushing itself inwards. My muscles clenched up until, just as unexpectedly, fingers started to explore my pussy. When they nipped at my clit I jerked the other way and impaled myself on the object. It drove inwards, and stopped. From the feel of the end I knew it was a butt plug.
My imagined view of reality took another leap when a hot tongue started to attack my clit. It was unexpected and intense, again causing me to jut my hips forward. The tongue was joined by fingers, multiple fingers, rubbing and penetrating my pussy. They spread my lips wide and forced their way inside me. I was squirming, wanting more, wanting a release, wanting sex. Then they were gone. My body was untouched, except for my bum. I hung there for what seemed like a prolonged time.
The relief that came was unexpected. Cool, flexible plastic pushing at my entrance. I knew it was a dildo, and also knew it wasn't what I wanted. The problem was I couldn't move away, and as it slowly pushed upwards, my pussy changed its mind. It accepted the fake cock as a tool it could use. I tried to resist, but this was spreading my pussy in ways I'd never felt. Once the head was past my opening, it didn't take much longer for the tool to fill me. I couldn't help myself. Moans escaped and my hips flew forward longing for more. I felt drugged.
"Tiffany, do you want more of this giant cock?"
"Ohh, yes. Yessss. Please!" I replied. Virtually begging.
"Maybe a hard spank on your perfect ass would feel good?"
"Yes," I uttered without thinking. Fuck, I thought, this isn't me. I felt the clothes pins on my nipples tugged outward, and when they were at their taughtest the dildo between my thighs slammed up hard into me. I was so close to cumming, if just a little attention was directed towards my clit.
Just then my ass was spanked firmly. Perhaps, less than I desired. The plug, dildo and nipple clamps were withdrawn. I wanted to cry, I wanted more. Just enough to tumble me over the edge. The door opened and shut closed. Next, I felt movement as the apparatus I was attached to was wheeled back to the wall. My feet and hands were freed, and finally the blindfold removed.
Terry stood in front of me and simply asked, "What do you think now?"
"Oh fuck," I exclaimed as I leapt into his arms. "Please, I can't play along with this dance any longer. Please take me!"
"Don't sell yourself short. I want you and we will play, but first let's explore the other rooms."
"No. I need or want it. Please? Now!"
"Come," Terry simply answered and again tugged me by my hand to the hallway and into the last theme room.
It was warm, but not too hot and was bright compared to the other rooms. The walls were painted yellow, artificial grass lined the floor and the room contained two padded tables. Each table was approximately four feet long and about two feet wide. At the end of each, was a large cranking wheel which I presumed allowed for the tables to be raised and lowered. "What is this place?" I asked curiously while thinking the tables would make a convenient place to have sex right now.
"A massage parlor, of course," Terry answered. "In the corner are supplies. Warm oil, honey, whipped cream, chocolate syrup and a few other goodies."
"Why are the tables so short?"
"I'll let you discover that. Why don't you lay down on one of the tables." I followed his suggestion and laid down with my back on the closest table. My bottom was near the end, which forced me to place my feet on the end with my knees bent and pointing upwards. Terry walked over to the corner, turned on some spa-like music and returned with a sleeping mask. He placed it over my head, and my world went black. "The room is meant to give people multiple hand massages. Eight, ten or even twelve hands all being used together to provide a person with an amazing experience. Unfortunately, people are a bit busy upstairs, but let me see if I can round up at least one set of extra hands."
For five minutes, I just laid there, trying to relax and hoping my burning desire would settle down a little so I could enjoy a massage. When my mind wandered back to my experiences in the last room my fingers quickly found their way down to my crotch and softly pressed on my labia covering my clit. A minute later, I heard the door open and felt like I'd been busted. My hands flew back into position next to my body.
"Oh, my gosh, you're right Terry, it is the starlet. Thank you so much for asking us to assist you. Look how happy someone already is," a delicate female voice rang out that I didn't recognize.
"Tiffany, we are going to start your massage with some warm oil, and then work on soothing your muscles with six hands. Try to let your mind go, and just relax," Terry advised. He had to be joking. How could I relax after the last room, and now knowing two strangers would be massaging my nude body? Nevertheless, I breathed in deeply and visualized laying on a warm quiet beach. It didn't work.
Copious amounts of warm oil were poured all over my body, including directly onto my mound. Than six hands were upon me. Rubbing my arms, shoulders, belly, legs, calves and feet. The trio seemed to move around, with their hands constantly changing position and deliberately avoiding any erotic stimulation. However, at least twice I felt a hard cock rub up against me. I was glad to know I wasn't the only one excited.
"I think we need more oil," the other female in the room advised. All hands withdrew and seconds later I felt oil gradually poured over my breasts. When the hands returned, they massaged me everywhere, but in particular my breasts, inner thighs and ass cheeks. My nipples ached from the constant rubbing and tweaking, while my thighs were spread wide from the rubbing and my growing desire for more.
The hands again withdrew and Terry announced, "Now we are going to focus on the special areas of your body." When the hands returned, they focused on my tits, ass and vagina. Fingers pinched and pulled my nipples, while other fingers penetrated and rubbed my pussy. At one point, their fingers were in my ass and pussy. It felt exquisite.
I felt a cock pressing against my inner thigh, and couldn't help but tilt my hips upwards. In conjunction with this, lips sucked on my nipples and a cock pressed up against my face. Swiftly, I turned to place my lips on the cock while opening my mouth. Hands grabbed my face as the cock slid through my lips. Hungrily, I sucked it into my mouth. Below the cock was now gliding across my pussy lips and occasionally its head would smack my clitoral area. The pleasures didn't last long as the three massagers pulled away and repositioned themselves.
When they stepped back, I again felt a cock next to my cheek, but could tell it was a different one. The person playing with my tits, was rubbing his cock on my belly. I greeted them by opening my mouth and sucking in the new cock, and wrapping one hand around the shaft of the other cock. With my mouth and hand, I administered to their dicks. Moments later, I felt a tongue start to lick up and down my pussy. Ultimately, it moved to my upper pussy and focused on my clit as multiple fingers worked my pussy. All the oil made my crotch ultra-slick and fingers easily were buried deep into me. I couldn't tell if there were three or four, just that my lips were stretched wide and it felt marvelous.
This was probably the most sex I'd ever had in one night, shit one week, and I couldn't believe how my body and mind wanted more. With my blindfold on, I wanted these strangers to do anything they wanted with me. The tongue licking and sucking on my clit was skilled. I couldn't stop thrusting upwards and had a hand on the back of the lady's head. When my orgasm was just around the corner the threesome again pulled back.
"Please, stop torturing me. Just fuck me silly," I begged as I pushed my hand down and started to play with my own pussy.
"Tiffany, we are going to lower the table a bit. Be still as we don't want you to fall," Terry directed. I thought the request was silly, but also didn't want to fall so pulled my hands to the side and held on. I couldn't even tell if it was moving, but a touch later I felt someone else up on the table, their knees on either side of my head and immediately afterwards a pussy touched my lips.
There was no hesitation on my part as I used my tongue to dive into her folds. She tasted of sex. When I tilted my head upwards, I found her exposed clit and sucked it with my lips as though it were a mini-cock. This caused her to moan loudly, and a touch later she announced her orgasm had arrived. Her fluids poured over my lips and chin. I was quite proud of my newly discovered oral skills. And then she pulled away.
The woman climbed off the table, and Terry's voice rang out, "How about you roll over onto your front side? Position yourself on your knees, but press your chest to the table." As I changed my position, Terry guided me with his hands to prevent me from falling. In my mind, I knew my knees would have to be tucked underneath me which would raise my bottom up and expose my sex. I was confident full-on sex was coming my way.
The lady spoke up after I'd repositioned myself, "Dear, we haven't forgotten about your back. After all, isn't it one of the most important areas to relax with kneading fingers?" I wanted to scream out in protest. She'd just had her relief curtesy of me and now I was going to get my back rubbed. Pure BS. Rather than state this I bit my tongue.
Six hands descended on to my back and I had to admit it felt nice. Another bath of warm oil was poured onto my body. The hands generously soothed my shoulders, neck, and lower back. Teasingly slow, four of the hands ventured south and started to massage my upper glutes. As these hands rubbed and fondled my rear, the other of the trio poured more oil over my ass which flowed down my crack and over my vulva.
The shininess of my ass must have drawn attention, as hands grabbed my cheeks firmly, spreading them wide and fingers were jammed into my pussy. There was so much oil all over me that their digits just slid right into my opening. Four fingers were rocking in and out of my pussy, and next I felt a thumb penetrate my ass. It felt marvelous and caused me to start softly moaning. A bit later, a cock was pressing up against my lips so I parted my mouth and started to suck on it. I tilted my face up a little and the cock was pushed deeper, with the head going down my throat.
Somewhere during this period, I felt a cock at my lower end and it easily sank into my hungry pussy. For a period, my mouth and vagina were fucked. The person with his cock in my mouth came first, and blasted his cum down my throat. When he pulled his dick out so did the gentleman at the other end. "No, please don't stop. I need more," I hollered out. My request was greeted with silence, until I heard the door open and close.
Terry raised the sleeping mask off my face, and asked, "Are you having fun?"
"Please Terry. I so fucking horny right now. Please just take me," I begged.
"Let's get you cleaned up a little first." He helped me off the table and again took me by hand. This time, I was led into a room with an unusually large glass shower with multiple shower heads. It looked like 10 people could fit inside. "Do you mind a quick shower? Thought it might feel good to get the oil off you," Terry asked.
I turned around, bent my knees a bit and pointed my bare ass and swollen lips at him, and asked, "Wouldn't you like to finish some business first?" What I didn't tell Terry was that if anybody else walked into the room I was going to demand they fuck me and that he'd lose out. Actually, I would have fucked them both. I couldn't recall ever feeling anywhere near this horny.
"Oh, I will finish inside you, but I want to feel your soft skin against mine. Prefer that over the slip-n-slide experience, but some things are fun to try," Terry advised as he turned several knobs to activate three shower heads from the top and four from the side. "Come on, let's get wet," he ordered as he walked into the shower stall and pulled me along with him. I'd never taken a shower in virtually a room or with water spraying from a variety of locations. Instantly, I was covered with water, and it seemed as if it was spraying from everywhere. Terry had activated additional showerheads that were spraying up from the floor, walls and ceiling. The ceiling heads were huge and felt like one was standing in a downpour of warm rain, while the wall and floor units could be adjusted to emit a mist or heavy massaging stream.
We played with the different settings and behaved like kids in a toy store. Terry retrieved soap from a built-in dispenser and lathered up my body. He didn't hesitate to wash every inch of me, including my ass and vagina. When his fingers pierced me, I didn't hesitate to let him know it felt divine, and encouraged him with my hands to proceed ahead. And he did so.
Our fingers and hands were all over each other's sex. In the middle of our play, I felt Terry pull one hand away from me and pull out a spray nozzle. Its appearance was unique. The head was composed of a soft pliable plastic, and when he turned it on water pulsed out of its base which didn't make sense, but that soon changed. Terry took the plastic head and pressed it between my swollen lips, which caused me to immediately fall back against the wall. The device was a water driven vibrator, and it was causing wicked sensations in my pussy.
"Does that feel good?" Terry asked me as he touched the head to different areas.
"Oh fuck. That's that's amazing," I answered in a wobbly voice.
"How soon do you think I can make you cum?" Terry didn't let me answer, but instead glued his lips to mine and pulled the shower head away from my crotch. His kisses instantly rekindled my passion to get screwed. With one hand, I reached down and started to stroke his cock. Our kissing intensified, so I moved closer to him until I could rub the head of his dick against my pussy lips. He responded by bring the shower device back to my pussy.
"Ugghhh, ooohhh," I let out as I kissed him. Seconds later, I had to pull away. The vibrations were just too much. It started as a rapid tingling, than shifted to zaps of pleasure going directly from my pussy to my brain. The pulsing vibrations seemed to randomly change and when Terry pressed the device directly onto my clit it forced me to wrap my arms around his neck and shoulders to keep myself upright. "Ohhhhh, fuckkk Terrryyyyy. I'mm going to cumm," I hollered out as the pleasures stemming from my pussy skyrocketed. And, then it hit me like a knock-out punch. "Fucckkkk," I screamed as a heavy orgasm shattered through my body.
Terry pulled the shower toy away, and briefly allowed me to catch my breath. "Oh fuck, that thing is evil," I haltingly stated.
"Did it make you cum hard?"
"Oh shit! It was too intense," I managed to answer. The words had just left my mouth, when Terry pushed the toy back up against my pussy. Instantly, I backed away, but my progress was halted as my back smacked into one of the shower's glass walls. For a few seconds, I tried to push it away from my crotch. My efforts at resistance didn't last long. My arms flew upward, and my hands rested on top of my head. My body was slumped against the wall, except I had scooted my legs out and apart, which gave Terry liberal access to my pussy.
He used the shower head to tease my pussy. Pressing it firmly against my vagina, almost entering it into me, then just as quickly pulling it away. This process was repeated for a short while, but ultimately the toy wound up pressed firmly against my clit and tweaking another orgasm out of me. Sometimes, he shoved fingers into me pussy, while at other times they explored my ass. After three or four more climaxes, I slid down the wall until my ass was resting on the floor, with my legs bent and extending out in front of me. And still, Terry continued to attack my pussy.
My mind and body screamed out "no more," but my legs were still spread obscenely and whenever the toy touched my clit my hips raised upwards to hasten contact. I had never been in such a state. Each time I came, my body would start to spasm and a couple of muscles felt like they'd been pulled, but I couldn't deny the immense pleasure. It seemed as though I was rolling on the floor for over twenty minutes, and lost count of the number of orgasms I'd experienced. Alas, I finally, demanded that Terry stop.
"I don't know Tiffany. I think your pussy wants to cum a few more times," Terry responded to my demand.
"No! Its, it is too much. I can't," I replied. His response was to again place the pulsating head firmly against my clit. I pushed the head away, and stated, "No more. Please, no more."
"You're telling me no more, but why are your legs spread so wide open?" He was right and I couldn't answer him. Slowly, so slowly, he lowered the vibrating head to my pussy, but stopped an inch short. "Do you want more or shall we make a deal?"
"Yes," I replied meaning for him to stop, but my ass raised up off the floor to initiate contact. He didn't need any further encouragement and ground it back into me. A minute later, I was cumming forcefully and once its tentacles released me I rolled away from Terry, over onto my stomach with my legs closed. My pussy felt like it was rubbed raw, and still wanted attention. Fortunately, my brain had more will power at the moment. After rolling away, I nervously exclaimed, "I'll make a deal. I'll make a deal. Just stop, please?"
"Here is the deal. And I'm only offering this to you because your pussy looks so good and I'm dying to fill it. We stay in here for another 30 minutes, I get to fuck you and continue using this little water pick on you, or you agree to let me fuck you in one of the other rooms of my choosing. Plus, I get to use any instruments on you that I wish in the room that I pick." Instantly, I thought of the dungeon room, being tied to the rack, then mercilessly whipped and fucked. It would be painful, yet less torturous then the stress of my nonstop orgasms were causing on my body.
"Deal," I replied quickly. Quietly, Terry stood up and turned all the knobs until no water was flowing.
"Stay here," he advised as he walked out of the shower and exited the room. He returned a minute later with warm giant towels. "Dry yourself off please, but leave your hair wet. It looks hot that way." I did as he asked, and he too dried off his body. Next, he walked up to me, delicately kissed my lips then picked me up with his arms, and held me in a cradle position. "Let's go have some fun."
He carried me out of the shower room and into the hallway. When we got to the dungeon door, he pressed me against the wall to hold me up then reached down and opened the door. "Actually, I think I'd prefer a different room," he announced with a smile. The door was closed and he carried me further down the hall and into the first room. Once in, he walked over to the fireplace and gently laid me down on a sheep skin rug in front of it.
After laying me down, he positioned himself near my bottom, bent my legs apart and pressed my knees towards my chest. Without a word, he slid is cock deep into my pussy. It felt so different than the shower toy. Warm, firm and deep. He thrust himself in and out of me a few times, before bringing his head down and briefly sucking on each of my nipples. When this was complete, his lips softly caressed mine and gradually it transitioned into a long deep kiss. As we kissed, his cock slowly stroked deep into me and gradually back out over and over. A few minutes of this and I was back into the mode for sex, so ground my pussy upwards each time he thrust into me. After a bit, he came to a swift stop.
"Tiffany, I picked this room because I wanted to do something different with you. We've had our fun fucking. Now, I want to show you how I make love to a woman who is as beautiful as you are. And he did just that—in front of the fireplace, sitting on the couch with me on top and while spooning me from behind. It was exquisite, and private. And Terry was correct, what he did to me in the red velvet room was making love to a woman.
Afterwards, he remained inside me and we talked. About ourselves, life and the party I was to be hosting in a week. While my place was nothing elaborate, he did give me some fun simple ideas that I thought would make the event a hit.