Chapter 3
Jessie
After being dropped off, Jessie kissed her boyfriend goodbye, said an "I love you," and headed inside. Saying a quick hello to Donna, she went and showered and then went to bed, briefly stopping to chat with her roommate.
"I'm good," she assured her, after Donna had asked her if everything was okay. "I've just been having sex a lot today."
Donna smiled and kissed her on the cheek. "Get some rest baby," she said.
She did just that, climbing into bed and falling asleep quickly. The next morning, she pulled herself out of bed around 8 a.m. and yawned, stretching and looking around. Not bothering to dress beyond a simple pair of panties, she quickly went to the bathroom and relieved herself. After finishing, she headed to the kitchen to make herself some breakfast.
Her boss had scheduled her to come in at 10 a.m. that morning, so she had enough time to eat breakfast and relax for a little bit before going in to work. Reaching into the refrigerator, she pulled out eggs and some bacon. Hearing Donna's door open, she turned and smiled, seeing John come into the kitchen.
"Morning, darlin'," he said, coming over to her.
"Want some bacon and eggs?" she asked.
He nodded. "Sounds great," he replied. "OJ?" he asked, reaching into the fridge.
She nodded and began to pull out several strips of bacon, laid them on the platter and started cooking them in the microwave.
"Is Donna gonna want some?" she asked.
He shook his head as he poured both of them a glass from the carton. "She's workin'," he said.
She nodded in response as she turned back to the counter top.
"So y'all are getting pretty close?" he asked, handing her a glass as she began to crack the two of them some eggs in a bowl.
She giggled. "Yeah, John. I mean... we had sex and everything!" she said sarcastically.
He laughed easily. "You know what I mean," he said, coming up behind and looking over her shoulder. "You're really in love with him?"
She smiled and nodded, turning and glancing at him. "I really am. He's a great guy and he loves me too."
He smiled. "I'm so happy for you," he said.
"Thanks hun. Can you hand me the salt and pepper?" she asked, reaching into the fridge for a little milk to pour into the eggs.
He did as she asked and slid them to her. After she added salt and pepper to her egg and milk mixture, she began to whip them up with a fork. He came back around behind her, sliding his hands easily to her hips and pressing up against her. Leaning down, he gently kissed the nape of her neck causing her to sigh in quiet pleasure.
"You think he'll ever get used to Donna and me?" he asked, lifting his head up and laying his chin on her shoulder.
Jessie giggled. "I'm sure he will sweetie," she said, glancing at him and placing a quick peck on his cheek.
"I definitely wouldn't want to scare him off," he said. "You seem happy and I know Donna likes him."
Jessie shook her head. "I don't think this one is going anywhere," she said. "Besides being in love with me, he gets oral sex all the time, and he gets to fuck me and your girlfriend."
John chuckled, kissing her earlobe for a second. "Who wouldn't want to keep doing that?" he asked.
Finishing up with the mixing, she turned, causing him to back up a little so she could move. Grabbing butter from the fridge, she rubbed some on the pan after turning on the burner. He returned to his position behind her, his hands sliding easily to her hips again. His left stayed on her hipbone, but he slowly moved his right upward to her stomach, and then even further, to one breast and then the other.
"He's just not used to your sexual proclivities like I am," she said, sighing in pleasure as he reached up and gently pulled at one of her nipples. His fingers were warm as he rubbed and squeezed the flesh of her breasts. She reached over to the counter and grabbed the bowl of eggs and poured them into the pan, then reached for a wooden spoon.
Behind her, John was nibbling at her neck again. It was a relatively common thing with him, whether Donna was there or not, he was always very affectionate. She'd grown used to his playfulness long before she had even met Dex. In fact, one of John's favorite activities in the morning was kissing and fondling her. She figured that it was all pretty innocent.
She glanced over her shoulder, a look of playful dismay on her face. "Now don't make me burn the eggs," she warned.
He grinned and spun her to the side so he was able to get access to her front, and lowered his face, sucking her nipple into his mouth as she swatted him away.
"You focus on your job," he said. "Let me have my fun."
She sighed. "Yes, sir," she said, giggling.
Sliding his left hand down, he pushed at the edge of her panties with his fingers, fumbling to get inside them as she snickered and stirred the eggs. Eventually the cusp of her pink panties lifted enough as his fingers tickled the soft skin above her pubic hair, and then slid inside as she turned back around to the stove and continued to slowly stir the eggs. Her mother had taught her to cook them slowly for a better result and less chance of burning.
John's fingers pushed lower, gently sliding through her pubic hair and then lower still; a single finger pushing across her clitoris and eliciting a moan.
"You're always so horny in the mornings," she said, whimpering as he bit into her shoulder. His digit slid across her button again and again, and she felt herself quickly getting wet. Behind her, she felt his erection poking her in the butt as he continued to gently rub his finger across her clit.
"You're always so damn naked," he replied. "I'm a red-blooded man and I get horny when I see naked women."
She giggled. "Your fingers are so rough, too" she said. "You should use lotion."
He chuckled, looking at his free hand. "I'm sorry," he said. "Am I hurting you?"
She shook her head as he continued to strum a single finger across her clit. "No, but if you keep that up, you're going to make me have an orgasm."
He nibbled at her neck again. Moving his hand lower, he pushed his middle finger through her folds and then inside, curling it up and slowly rubbing. "That's the general idea," he said, grinning at her.
She snickered again and moaned, leaning forward.
"Don't burn my eggs, bitch," he said, pulling her back upright and kissing her earlobe. She giggled and forced herself to focus.
"Your damn rough hands are always so distracting, so don't blame me if you get a burned breakfast every once in a while," she countered.
He pulled his finger out of her pussy and brought it up, forcing it past her lips and into her mouth. He loved to make her suck her own juices, and it was a relatively common thing when he was being all flirty with her. She slurped at his rough digit, then whimpered as he slid it back inside her panties, and then inside her.
Forcing herself to focus, she continued stirring the eggs as he worked up a steady rhythm of pumping his finger gently in and out of her.
"God, John," she groaned, feeling an orgasm stirring deep within her.
He grinned and slid to the ground behind her, pulling her panties down as he went. Pushing her forward over the stove, he ran his outstretched tongue across her asshole a few times as he moved his other hand upward, his finger sliding into her pussy again.
"You know," she said, "I really like how you pay me back for making breakfast," she said, giggling.
He grinned, then continued to run his tongue across her ass, even going so far as to push at it with the warm, wet organ. She whimpered, slapping the counter top as she began to cum, leaning forward, dangerously close to the stove for a moment before she recovered.
He slid backwards as she moved, his hand and face retreating from her lower regions. She leaned forward and gripped the counter as he stood, taking over and plating the eggs as her orgasm continued to course through her.
"Fuck," she whimpered, grasping at the counter as her pussy contracted down hard on nothing. She turned and glanced down, drawn to the bulge still sticking out from his shorts and fought to keep herself from dropping to her knees and taking his cock into her mouth.
Eventually, she recovered from her powerful early morning orgasm enough to turn and pull John to her for a kiss, her lips pushing against his as his tongue found hers. Stepping back just as suddenly, she smiled and shook her head.
"Thank you," she sighed, still breathing heavily. "That was really intense."
John grinned and nodded, handing her a plate with bacon and eggs on it.
"Can I make you some toast to go with it?" she asked, grabbing the plate.
He shook his head. "I'm good like this," he said, grabbing a fork and heading to the kitchen table.
She smiled and then turned as her phone began to buzz. She picked it up and answered it, half-expecting Dexter to be calling.
"Dex?" she asked.
"Nope," Donna answered. "What the fuck is my boyfriend doing that he can't answer my calls?" she asked.
Jessie giggled. "He had his tongue in my ass and his fingers in my pussy again," she said.
Donna snickered on the other end of the phone. "Well, I guess that's a good enough reason," she said. "Kind of an odd way to pay you back for making breakfast though, isn't it?" she asked.
Jessie giggled and sat down across from him. "I think he's just wanting another blowjob like the other two I gave him."
John grinned and nodded emphatically, even going so far as to stand and unzip his shorts, pulling out his still-hard cock and move over to her.
She giggled and briefly took it in her mouth before pushing him away.
"I heard that," Donna said. "Don't be teasing my man," she said.
Jessie giggled again. "I'll think about finishing him off after I have my breakfast," she said.
"As long as Dex doesn't get upset by it," John said. "You can suck me off whenever you like, sugar tits."
She rolled her eyes. "Why would he be?" she asked. "I already sucked you off twice now, remember?"
He grinned, reaching for her phone. "I definitely remember," he said, still standing in front of her.
She sighed, giggling as she handed him the phone and leaned forward, taking his cock into her mouth. Looking up, she shook her head, briefly taking him out to speak. "Just make it quick," she said. "I don't like cold eggs." She quickly took his cock back in and began to make short work of it, her lips tightly squeezing it as she sucked, the modest organ sliding all the way into her mouth as he lifted the phone to his ear. Looking up at him, she pursed her lips and pressed them to the head of his cock, kissing it and then blossoming her lips over the mushroom head and sucking for a moment, then sliding him into her mouth, still sucking. She moaned, feeling her pussy getting wetter as she sucked his cock, thoroughly enjoying what she was doing.
"Hey baby," he said. "Yeah, I'm shoving my cock into the little slut's mouth right now."
Jessie giggled at how demeaning he was being. She knew he was only kidding. They were close enough for her to know that he didn't really think she was a slut; he just liked to call her that. Her lips slid over his shaft faster, desperately trying to get him to cum. Cold eggs really weren't all that appetizing, and they got cold so quickly too!
"Yeah," he said, "lunch sounds great. Okay... I'll see you then." He grunted once and Jessie grew excited as he dumped a warm load of cum into her mouth. Swallowing quickly, she was rewarded with another, and then another, both of which she swallowed down with an audible gulp, relishing the taste and letting some of it slide around in her mouth for a moment as she whimpered and moaned. She took a second for herself, enjoying his cum before sliding her lips along his cock and sucking hard as she pursed her lips around the head, then sucked and swallowed down any remaining cum that she could find.
Then, just as suddenly as it started, John leaned down and kissed her lips, his tongue briefly darting in before he stood and put his dick away, quietly whispering a thank you. She slid into her own seat and began to eat her lukewarm eggs, now slightly saltier due to the cum remaining in her mouth.
She smiled to herself, thinking about how much she wanted to suck off her boyfriend again. She had a sudden thought about sucking off Dex and John at the same time and giggled quietly.
After she finished, she took John's empty plate and put it in the sink, rinsing it off and then heading off to get dressed for work. She pulled on one of her shorter skirts and a loose fitting top with an appropriate bra and then headed to the bathroom to put on her makeup.
A little later, she headed to work and headed in to where she sat at her desk. There was a note from Mr. Murphy there. Picking it up, she smirked, figuring that she knew what he wanted.
"Miss Marks, please come see me in my office when you get in," it said. It was signed, "Mr. Murphy."
She sighed and turned, heading for his office. Knocking quietly, she waited until she heard him say, "Enter," before turning the handle and stepping inside.
"Good morning," he said.
She smiled sweetly at him and came over. "Where's Taylor?" she asked. Taylor was his normal secretary.
"She's on vacation this whole week," he said. "It's just you and me." He smiled and gestured to the chair in front of his desk. "Have a seat," he said, looking nervous.
She briefly thought he might be about to fire her, but quickly brushed the notion aside.
"Miss Marks," he began.
"Mr. Murphy, you're the boss. You can call me Jessie," she reminded him.
He smiled. "Jessie," he said, correcting himself. "I just want to apologize for my behavior on Saturday," he said. "I promise you it won't happen again."
She cocked her head curiously at him. "Why in heavens would you apologize?" she asked, genuinely surprised that he would verbally acknowledge what had transpired.
He stammered then, suddenly unsure.
"Mr. Murphy," she started. "I think it's pretty clear that I'm an exhibitionist. I like when people look at me. I like being objectified," she said. "Being nude is liberating and it makes me happy, so when people look at me and like... enjoy it... I get chills. It's very exciting!" She briefly thought about mentioning how much she liked to suck cock, but figured that it didn't pertain to the conversation as much.
He didn't say anything, so she continued.
"I know that you like peeking at my panties, or looking down my shirt, and I've tried to figure out a way to let you know that I don't mind," she said, "that I even like it."
He smiled. "I just... I didn't want..."
She grinned. "I'd never go and tell anyone on you, sir," she said. "I'm not sure about a few things, though," she said.
He looked at her inquisitively then.
"Is it me pretending that I don't know you are looking that you like?" she asked. "Or is it just the act of looking."
He nervously cleared his throat. "Well... I... I've never actually told anyone this..." he said. "I'm a little unsure how to respond."
She giggled and quickly stood and lifted up her shirt, slipping it off and then unclipping her bra as his eyes widened in surprise.
"I'm the one that did that," she said. "You aren't forcing me to do anything I don't want. Now," she said, sitting back down, "answer me if you will."
He smiled widely. "I... I just like the idea that I'm doing something I'm not supposed to, you know?"
She grinned and nodded.
"I like when you're working and you don't know I'm looking. It really turns me on," he admitted. "I liked Saturday, where I was able to jerk off in front of you and you were still working. You're so sexy."
"Aww," she said, smiling at the sweet sentiment. "What's your favorite part of me?" she asked, standing and coming over to him. "Do you like my tits?" she asked, leaning down so he could get a good look. A few seconds passed as he stared wide-eyed again before she turned and lifted her skirt. "Or is it my butt that you prefer?"
He smiled widely, reaching out to caress her rear. "I really like a bubble-butt like yours, though your breasts are dynamite, too," he admitted.
She smiled. "Well then," she said. "Now that we've got that out of the way; please don't apologize for liking to look at me. I'm an exhibitionist and you're doing me a favor."
He nodded. "I won't apologize then, if you promise to tell me if I cross the line."
"Deal," she said.
A sudden idea struck her then, and she smiled. "I'll tell you what. You draw up a private contract stating what you expect of your office assistant position, and I'll sign it. No questions asked," she added.
His smile widened.
"And by the way," she said. "Unless you just absolutely have to, you don't have to go and hide in the bathroom to jerk off. Do it like you did on Saturday," she told him. "I promise, it doesn't bother me."
He shook his head in amazement. "I can't believe this is happening," he said. "I just can't believe that you're really telling me that all of this is okay. I mean, I've had sexy secretaries in the past but none of them have ever been even remotely okay with any of this."
She giggled and shrugged. "Well, I'm definitely not like other girls," she said. "I like being objectified, remember?" she asked. "Draw up our new agreement and I'll sign it," she said. "Promise."
Turning, she reached for her shirt, but stopped. "Would you like me to put on my clothes again?" she asked.
He smiled and nodded. She turned and slid her bra and then blouse back on, then waved playfully as she headed to her desk.
The rest of the day was actually pretty normal for Jessie. She spent most of it at her desk doing paperwork, and then the last few hours, Mr. Murphy had her come in to his office and go through some more of the giant stack of boxes while he stood behind her. At one point, he pulled his zipper down and started jerking off. She did as he'd specified, though, which was to keep working no matter what he was doing. After a short and slightly uncomfortable session of bending over, knees straight, he grunted and finished on the floor again, hurrying to clean it up before it made a stain.
After that, she went back to her desk and dug back into the paperwork, heading to her car a little before 5. She drove over to Dex's house, but neither of them were home, so she quickly straightened up the house and took the dirty clothes from their bedrooms and bathrooms to the wash. She loaded the dirty dishes in the dishwasher, and then finished the current load of laundry. After folding it, she got ready to leave. She figured she might see Dex that night and would be back, but decided that she better leave the next load of laundry for Saturday when she could be here longer and there would be more to wash. Satisfied that the house was clean, she headed for her own place.
When she went in, Donna was sitting on the couch leaning against John. "Hey guys!" she called cheerfully.
Donna smiled, but Jessie could tell she was sad. John must be leaving for work again. He worked in the oil field and could be gone for a month at a time with all the traveling. He had a single large bag packed.
"John about to head out to work?" she asked.
Donna nodded and turned, kissing him.
"K, I'll leave you guys alone," she said, winking. Donna smiled at her again and turned back, whispering to him.
"Jessie!" John called out. She'd just been about to enter her room when she heard him, and turned around.
"Yeah?" she asked, standing at the edge of the hallway.
"I need you to record your boyfriend fucking Donna once or twice for me," he said. "You'd be doing me a favor."
Jessie grinned. "Of course!" she said. "Want me to use a video camera or just my phone?"
He smiled. "Whichever you think. I want to show it to my boys out on the job," he said. "Show them what a little slut I've got waiting back at home for me."
Jessie figured that might make him look like more of a wimp to them, but who knows, maybe that's what he wanted.
"I'll use the video camera then and Donna can send it to you from her laptop," she said.
"Thanks!" he called, kissing Donna again.
Jessie smiled and turned, heading for her room and texting Dex to see if he was coming over.
*****
Dexter
That morning, Dex got to work at the IT company where he was employed and set about doing his current project. He was still just an entry-level tech and got to do all the grunt work. It was easy enough, though, he supposed.
Most of the time it was just other dudes that he worked with unless one of the account managers came over. Those moments tended to be the highlight of his day. He sat at a desk that was looking directly down a long hallway toward the bathrooms, and he liked watching the Account Managers, all women, walking away from him, their asses wiggling. He might be a young man but he was wise enough to know that one of life's great pleasures is watching the way a woman's hips and ass move when she walked.
He connected the first of the thirty machines that he had to get imaged that day, and then the next, until he had five setup on the switch and went about imaging them. Each image would normally take about twenty minutes, but this particular customer had a ton of software in their image and it took a couple of hours for each machine, and that was with no screw-ups.
A couple of hours into his day, he got up to go to the bathroom. He often thought about Jessie during his boring work hours, and had even been known to fire one off in the bathroom while reminiscing about his highly sexual girlfriend, or maybe the time he gotten to spend with Donna.
He was distracted that particular morning and when he decided to fire off a quick load in the bathroom after he finished pissing, and he didn't notice that he'd forgotten to lock the door. He leaned back against the wall, facing the door, and started stroking his cock, picturing his girlfriend on her knees in front of him, waiting for a load of cum. He'd achieved a partial erection, his cock bobbing upward slowly as the door suddenly opened. Scrambling to zip himself up, he managed to get the zipper stuck, though not on himself thankfully.
Nicole, one of the account managers, covered her mouth and stammered an apology. She had already stepped into the bathroom with Dexter before she saw him desperately trying to push his huge erection into his pants. In her panic and confusion, she shut the door behind her.
"Fuck," she said, loudly. "I'm so sorry!" She turned and fumbled with the door for a moment before she got it open. Glancing at him and then his cock quickly, she stammered another apology and left the bathroom, closing the door behind her.
"Goddammit," Dex swore. That was going to be a visit from HR, he figured. He slowed himself down and finally managed to put his cock up which apparently thought it was really cool to be seen by the the pretty blonde and was hard as a rock. He grunt, adjusting himself and sighing, trying to walk quickly down the hall back to his desk. Thankfully he didn't see anyone else and was able to sit down and hide his erection until it ultimately subsided.
"Fuck," he said quietly for the hundredth time. It had to be Nicole.
He sighed in frustration again and focused on the job before him, but couldn't help but think about what had happened.
There was nothing wrong with it being Nicole who had walked in on him. If it had been Susan, the HR Director, he'd have been in bigger trouble. Nicole was an Account Manager. They handled all of the customer interactions when it came to their clients. She'd been with the company for a long time, and was married to Chase, and that was the problem.
Chase suffered from the IT disease, where he was a prick most of the time and rude to people because he obviously knew more than them. Dexter hated him. The trouble was, Chase was technically his boss, being on a higher tier than him. If his wife told him what had happened, the guy could get pissed. That wouldn't be a fun working environment to say the least.
Surprisingly, Nicole came back down the hall toward his desk an hour or so later. He watched as she approached, her sizable rack bouncing with each hurried step. Waving at him furtively, he locked his computer screen and followed as she beckoned him toward her. Unsure of what she wanted, he thought for a minute that she was forcing him to the HR Director.
She took him into an empty office though and closed the door. Turning, she sighed deeply and looked up at him.
"I am so... so sorry for walking in on you like that!" she said.
Dex shook his head. "No, no, no," he said. "I should have locked the door!"
She shook her head. "I should have knocked, regardless. I was just distracted and then I stupidly went inside without looking. I just wasn't..." she sighed, stopping. He thought he saw her glance down at his crotch, but couldn't be sure. "I wasn't ready for what I saw," she said.
He nodded. "I know, I'm so sorry about that. I just... I was..."
"No!" she said. "It's okay. I just... I didn't want you thinking that I was going to get angry or something and wanted to see if we could just keep this between us."
Dex nodded emphatically. "I was hoping that you wouldn't tell HR," he said.
"Well, Dex," she said. "I think they'd be more upset at me for walking in on you."
He wasn't sure, but conceded the point. "I think we can both agree that we were both at fault," he said. "Just do me a favor and don't tell your husband."
Nicole's eyes went wide and she shook her head. "Are you nuts? Tell my husband? He's paranoid enough as it is!"
He looked at her in confusion.
"It's a long story," she said. "Just trust me when I say that telling my husband that I walked in on Dex in the bathroom today and, "Oh yeah, he's got a really big dick," wouldn't go over well for me."
Dex smiled internally, but nodded outwardly. "I owe you a thank you then," he said, "for not telling him."
"So we're good then?" she asked. "This never happened?"
Dex nodded quickly. "This never happened."
She smiled and came up to him quickly, hugging him tightly for a second before stepping back and then turning out the light to the empty office. He briefly wondered what she was doing, until he heard the handle turning and the door open a crack. She peered out and then squeaked, clicking it closed. Backing up, she ran into him. He felt her turn and then felt her soft hand covering his mouth. Outside he heard a couple of voices. He froze when he realized that one of them was Chase's.
"My husband!" she whispered. Her body was close to his, her hand still on his mouth. Chase seemed to have stopped right outside the office and was talking to Jeremy, another of the techs.
Slowly, Nicole removed her hand from his mouth, but didn't move away from him. It was almost as if she were afraid to move for fear that her husband might hear them.
When she had moved up to cover his mouth, her large, prominent breasts had pressed gently against his chest. Nicole was generously endowed in that area, and generally wore shirts that accentuated them, though she didn't usually show any cleavage.
The proximity to her wasn't helping things any either, and Chase appeared to be having the longest conversation in history. Dex sighed quietly and then inhaled, smelling her perfume wafting upward to caress his nose.
He groaned softly as she swayed, her breasts pressing against him and then pulling away.
"Fuck," he whispered, feeling his cock growing in size. Her close proximity and alluring scent were driving him nuts, and he quickly had a full erection tenting his pants oddly.
"What?" she whispered. "Be quiet! Do you really want him to catch the two of us in a dark closet?"
He groaned as she swayed back, then felt her move her arm from her side, across her body and up. The trouble was, she ran right into his erection with her hand and then squeaked in surprise.
"Holy shit!" she whispered, then slapped a hand over her mouth.
Outside, Chase finally moved on. Nicole waited another ten seconds before she peeked out the office door again. Satisfied that no one was coming, she opened it further. Light poured in as she glanced back, seeing Dex adjusting his erection again, though this time he still had it in his pants. She covered her mouth as she briefly smiled and shut the door behind her.
Sighing, Dex waited for a few minutes for his erection to subside before heading back to his cubicle. Determined to focus on his project for the rest of the day, he set himself to work. Realizing that he wasn't going to finish on time and that it looked like it was going to be a late night, Dex sighed when he saw Jessie's text about seeing him.
Picking up his phone, he dialed her number.
"Hi baby!" Jessie said.
"Hey," he replied, trying to sound happy.
"Uh oh," she said. "What's wrong?"
"I'm sorry my love," he said. "I've got to get these finished for the install team tomorrow. I'm going to be here a few more hours."
"Aww," she said, sounding like she was pouting.
"I know," he said. "I was looking forward to seeing you."
"Oh, it's okay," she said. "I've got to run back over to your house and put the clothes in the dryer later, so maybe I'll see you then."
"I hope so," he said. "Did you have a good day?" he asked.
"I'd say I had a pretty good day. John and I had breakfast while Donna was in class, and then I went to work for a little while. Mr. Murphy apologized for being weird the other day and I told him not to worry about things."
"Yeah?" he asked, trying to focus on what she was saying and still work on the machines he was working on.
"Yep! Of course at breakfast, John thanked me for cooking and I thanked him for thanking me!" she said.
She wasn't making much sense, he figured, but then again he wasn't really listening all that close.
"That's good," he replied. He briefly thought about telling her what happened with Nicole, but decided against it. He'd rather be in front of her so he could explain exactly what happened than risk having a miscommunication and have her upset at him.
"Well," Jessie said. "I'm sorry you have to work late. If I don't see you tonight, I love you."
"I love you," he said. "I'm hoping it won't be too late."
"Okay. Call me if you get bored!" she said.
"Will do," he replied.
"Bye," she said.
"Bye." He stopped the call and then tossed his phone down and got back to work. A little later, he sighed, hearing his phone buzz again, letting him know he got a text message.
Finishing the task he was on, he reached over a few minutes later and picked it up. An unknown number popped up.
"Hey there," it said.
"Um, hi," he replied.
The next message came through, and he was surprised to see who was texting him. "This is Nicole."
"Oh, hi Nicole!" he sent. "I'm sorry. I don't have your number in my phone and didn't know who was texting."
"No worries!" she sent. "Am I bothering you? Are you with your girlfriend?"
"Still working, unfortunately. I've got the project to get prepped for the install team tomorrow," he replied, figuring she might be texting him for work.
"Eww," she sent. "That sucks. Sorry you have to work late."
"It happens," he sent. "What can I do for you?" he sent.
"Well, I felt bad about today still," she said. "I just wanted to apologize again for walking in on you like that."
He chuckled to himself.
Nicole was definitely a unique woman. She was about five years older than he was, but was already married to a man about fifteen years older than her, and an asshole to boot. She was a little shorter than Dex, and had wonderfully large tits. Her choice of attire was always very nice, but she didn't ever really show off her cleavage, much to his dismay. She was responsible for some of his favorite moments during the day, though.
For one, she had this spectacular ass that wiggled a certain way when she walked. It was much more pronounced than other women, and it was certainly a high point of his normally dull work day.
Secondly, though she never showed much cleavage, her breasts were large enough that it didn't matter. The bra's she wore always seemed to have some give and the particularly bouncy way she walked caused them to jiggle relentlessly.
He loved it, barely containing his stares when she was near.
"It's okay," he said. "I'm sorry I was in... such a delicate state. I'll never speak of it to anyone though," he sent. "I promise."
She sent a smiley face to him. "I appreciate that, but I have to confess something or I'll just burst."
He raised an eyebrow, wondering what she was getting at.
"What's that?" he asked.
"I shouldn't be telling you this, for both our sakes," she sent. "But, I really liked what I saw."
Dex smiled, not really believing what he was reading.
"I know that your girlfriend might not like me saying that, and I know for a fact that my husband wouldn't like it," she sent. "I just had to tell you, though. I couldn't get it out of my head all afternoon and had to say something to someone about it, and since you're the only person that will know about it, I figured I should tell you."
Dex continued to smile, trying to think of what to tell her. "I really appreciate it. I'm sorry that I got a hard-on in the closet. It's just that you were so close and smelled so good."
She sent another smiley face. "I figured that's what the issue was. I was so scared that my husband would come in there and see us standing there in the dark and then there would be a misunderstanding when we weren't even doing anything."
"I know what you mean," he sent. "I don't need that kind of drama." There were a few minutes of silence before she replied.
"You liked the way I smelled?" she asked.
He smiled. "I did," he sent. "That, and your proximity to me are what caused my issues. So... I apologize for that."
She sent another smiley. "Don't apologize. I'm flattered that I can still turn someone on."
"I don't mind saying that you walking down the hall is the best part of my work day," he sent, and then immediately began to question if that had been a good idea.
"Oh, you liar!" she sent. "You can't be serious."
He smirked. "I wouldn't lie about what I like," he sent back.
There were a few minutes of silence and he began to question if he'd made a mistake. Then he received a very surprising text. "You like watching my ass wiggle, don't you," she sent.
He chuckled. "Guilty," he replied.
"Well," she sent. "I'll try and make sure to walk down that hall more," she said, "as long as you walk past my desk when you have an issue like you did in the bathroom. Lol!"
"You're terrible," he sent. "But, you've got a deal," he said, adding a widely smiling emoji at the end.
"I better let you get back to work and leave you alone before I say something I shouldn't or my husband catches me being a bad girl," she sent.
He sent a frowning emoji. She sent back an "Lol," in response. "I didn't say you wouldn't hear from me ever again, silly," she replied. "Have a good night, Dex."
"You too," he replied. Shaking his head, he figured he better stop flirting with Nicole before it went too far. Sighing, he went back to the project and started working again.
*****
Jessie
She sighed, putting the phone down and frowning for a minute; a little sad that Dex was having to work late. Checking her watch, she slid off her bed and retrieved her keys, purse, and cellphone. Driving back over to Dexter's, she hopped out and went inside, smiling when she saw that Don had arrived.
She went in and looked around for him, finally finding him in the bathroom taking a shower. She didn't go in and disturb him, electing to head downstairs and start working instead. She started by stripping down to her panties, even going so far as to remove her bra so she could keep her promise to Dex to clean naked.
Don must have thought that he was still the only person in the house, as he came down with a towel wrapped around his waist and jumped in surprise when Jessie met him in the laundry room.
"Hi Don!" she said, coming up to hug him.
"Jessie!" he said. "I didn't know you were here."
She frowned and stopped a few feet away. "I'm sorry," she said. "Do I need to go?"
Quickly and emphatically he began to shake his head. "No, no, no! I was just surprised."
"Good!" she said, coming forward and hugging him. He could only use one hand for a sort-of half-hug, pat on the back.
Turning she kept folding the clothes from the dryer and grabbed a pair of Don's underwear, handing it back over her shoulder to him. He smiled and thanked her, heading back out of the room to get them on.
About ten minutes later, he came back downstairs and found her in the kitchen, making a couple of sandwiches for him, as well as one for herself.
"If you'll make a list of what you need, I'll head to the grocery store on my way over during the week," she told him.
"How about you let me get what you need. Just write down what stuff you need and I'll be happy to get it at the store." he said.
She smiled. "I guess that will be okay," she said, smiling. She turned, feeling her breasts bounce when she walked and knowing that Don was watching her.
"Dex is working late?" Don asked.
She nodded. "He's got some project that he's got to finish. He didn't sound too happy about it."
He nodded. "That's life though, kiddo," he said, his eyes going back to her breasts as she moved around the kitchen.
"So tell me," Jessie said. "What do you prefer in a woman?" she asked.
Don turned and looked at her quizzically.
"I mean... do you prefer bigger boobs than I have, a larger ass, blonde, redhead," she listed.
He smiled, understanding what she was asking. "I love long hair, for sure," he said. "And I don't know a man alive that doesn't like big breasts," he added.
She smiled. "Girls like big boobs too, so I guess I'm pretty lucky."
He smiled and nodded. "I'm sorry for saying so, but I think yours are spectacular."
She frowned and shook her head. "You definitely don't need to apologize for that," she told him. "I like being given compliments about my body." She pointed to the den, carrying his plate of food and hers. They went and sat on the couch, Jessie heading back to the kitchen for some drinks.
"I'm a breast man," he said, lifting a pillow up so she could sit beside him.
"So is Dex, I think," Jessie said, taking a bite of her sandwich. She could feel him casting furtive glances down at her, and she snickered.
"Don," she said, setting her plate down. "I already told you that it was okay to look. I got undressed so that you would, okay?"
He nodded, his face lowered. "I know, but it just feels wrong, you being my son's girlfriend."
She giggled and stood. "I didn't say you could bend me over the couch and start fucking me, silly," she said playfully. "I said you could look at my tits."
He swallowed hard at the forced imagery, but then chuckled and nodded, but didn't look up. "So..."
"Don," she interrupted, lifting his face up with a single finger on his chin. "Look at my goddamn boobs!"
He looked up at her, surprised, and then broke into a wide smile and laughed. She giggled along with him, but stood firm.
"If a woman takes her clothes off in front of you, she wants you to look," Jessie said. "At least that's the way it works with me."
He smiled and nodded, finally raising his gaze and staring directly at her breasts. She smiled standing there for a full minute letting him admire the curves of her orbs.
"There," she said. "Now you can keep looking while we finish dinner."
He smiled and nodded, even going so far as to move further away so he could turn and watch her.
"This is better than anything on T.V.," he said, grinning.
She giggled. "So, what about hair color?" she prompted.
He shook his head. "I've never really had a preference, although I think all men have a redhead fetish."
She giggled. "I think I might have one too," she said with a giggle. "So have any of the women you've been talking to on the dating app matched your preferences?"
He shrugged, avoiding the question.
"You still haven't messaged any of them, have you?" she asked.
He shook his head. "I know, I know," he said. "I'll never meet anyone if I don't put myself out there."
She smiled. "I'm not trying to push you into anything you aren't ready for. I just want to make sure you know that you've definitely got options."
He smiled and nodded. "I appreciate that, Spitfire."
She giggled. "That your nickname for me?" she asked.
He nodded. "I could have gone with hellcat," he said, grinning.
She shook her head in mock dismay and went about finishing her sandwich. Then, seeing he was done, she stood and took the dishes to the kitchen, rinsed them off and put them to the side for the next load.
She turned, seeing Don watching her, and smiled. "Did you want me to do something so you can watch me and jerk off?" she asked, looking at him directly, as if that were a perfectly normal question for your son's girlfriend to ask.
"No sweetheart," he said. "I'm okay."
"I mean, I can take my panties off and you can watch my butt wiggle or something," she said.
He chuckled but continued shaking his head. "I'm really okay, and besides, I can already see your butt wiggling in the panties."
She grinned widely and looked back at him, shaking her hips playfully.
"So Dex's birthday is coming up in a few months," he said, trying to change the subject.
"I know!" Jessie said, smiling. "I'm still trying to figure out what to get him."
Don smiled. "Well, what are you thinking?"
She sighed and turned, heading to the laundry room to start folding more clothes. "Well, the problem is I can't really do anything new sexually with him, you know?"
Don nodded. "I guess once you've had sex, it's not really gift-worthy?"
She nodded. "Exactly! You can't really just be having sex all the time and say, "Here, I got you more sex for your birthday!""
Don chuckled, still watching her breasts as she worked. She could feel them bouncing and swaying as she moved her arms and torso. She could only hope that he had a hard-on since he'd decided to put on shorts and a long t-shirt.
"Well, what else is there to do?" he asked.
She sighed. "I mean, a blowjob is something I do like... every time I see him," she said, frowning.
"Well, a blowjob is never a bad gift," he said. "It's always appreciated."
She nodded. "I know, but I want to get him something really nice. He's already had sex with Donna, and gotten several blowjobs from her. He got a double blowjob from the two of us a couple of days ago."
Don nodded, quiet and watching her tits, but listening.
"I'm also too afraid to do anal with him," she said. "I mean, I know it doesn't really count as sex and all, but he's just got such a big dick and I'm afraid it might hurt."
Don coughed, and had to excuse himself for a drink of water, causing Jessie to giggle.
"What about some sexy lingerie, or a toy for you guys to use?" he asked.
She smiled. "That could be fun," she said. "Or, maybe I could get a tattoo or get a nipple ring?"
Don shrugged. "Those are much more permanent though," he said.
"Maybe just some nice lingerie for now," she said.
Don grinned. "Now you just have to go pick it out!"
She nodded. "I just don't know where to go, though. Would you be able to take me somewhere to look?" she asked.
"I uh..." he stammered. "I don't know, Jessie."
"Oh, please Don!" she said, coming up to him and pouting, her breasts pushing against his chest.
He smiled widely and shrugged, acquiescing. She bounced up and down then, cheerfully celebrating. Clapping her hands excitedly, she hugged him tightly and then went back to folding clothes after she took a minute to settle down.
She finished folding clothes and then looked around for other things that needed doing. Satisfied that everything was in order, she got dressed and said goodbye to Don after giving him a hug.
"Are you sure you don't want me to take my clothes off so you can watch me and jerk off?" she asked. "I know you probably need it."
He chuckled. "I'll be okay, but thank you Jessie."
She pouted playfully but didn't push him further. She fired off a quick text message to Dex letting him know that she was headed back home and was going to probably call it an early evening. He responded that he was sorry but that he still wasn't finished.
Heading home, she went inside seeing John's truck was gone. Donna was somber, sitting on the couch and watching TV. Jessie sighed and went over.
"I'm sorry sweetheart," she said, sitting down and pulling the black-haired beauty to her.
"I'm okay," Donna replied. "I just hate when he has to leave, and it's always for so long, you know?"
"I know," Jessie said, stroking her hair. The two were quiet for a few minutes, watching some late stupid sitcom.
"Can I come sleep in your bed?" Donna asked.
Jessie snickered. "Sure, goofy," she whispered. The two watched TV for a little longer until Donna stood and reached for Jessie's hand. The two headed to the bedroom, stripping down once they got there and climbing into bed together.
Spooning up behind Donna, Jessie pulled her close and started running her hands through her hair until she was asleep, then turned over and fell asleep herself.
The next day, she slept a little later than she had planned. After she awoke and had a quick breakfast, she headed off to work, just making it in time.
As she started to sit, Mr. Murphy poked his head out. Seeing her, he came out and approached her desk, a couple of papers in his hand.
"If... if you can read this..." he said. "Sign if you... you know."
Jessie giggled and sat down, then took the papers from his hand. Without reading a word, she signed on the line at the bottom and dated.
"Now, I'll read it," she said, winking at him. She snickered when she saw the smile that came to his face. He turned and headed back to his office.
The document was straight and to the point. It covered her current duties and had an addendum at the bottom. It basically stated that he had the power to tell her how she should be dressed, and that she had to do what he said.
She giggled, wondering just what he would ask her to do; not that she was worried in the least. Mr. Murphy could barely tell her to come in and bend over, let alone order her to do something else. It was all for show, she supposed. It's not like he really had the balls to do anything anyway.
Sighing, she briefly thought about Dex and then focused on her work.
Around lunchtime, Mr. Murphy came out and cleared his throat, then asked for her to come in for a moment.
She stood, figuring that he wanted her to bend over a little in front of him or something. Heading to his office, she stepped in and closed the door behind her.
"What can I do for you?" she asked, smiling.
He cleared his throat again, and then took a deep breath. "As part of... well... in order to facilitate a... a more..." he stammered. "The office is in need of... I mean, I need... that is, if you don't mind... I've got a new rule for you," he said.
She giggled. "Mr. Murphy, calm down okay?" she asked. "Take a deep breath and just tell me what you need?" She rolled her eyes internally, thinking,"like this spineless little man has the balls to ask for anything crazy."
He took another deep breath and stood and looked directly at her with an intensity that she hadn't seen before. "No more underwear," he said quickly. "For you."
A smile came to her lips and she raised an eyebrow in genuine surprise."Not so spineless after all!"she thought.
"After today, you are no longer allowed to wear either bra, or panties when you come to work," he said, finally finding his voice. "Is that clear?"
Jessie felt her pussy grow a little damp at how much he'd turned in such a short amount of time.
"When you come in tomorrow, I expect you to be wearing a revealing shirt, and a short skirt like the one you are now," he said.
She smiled, reaching up and sliding her shirt off, then her bra and pulling her shirt back on.
"I didn't mean today," he said. "I said..."
"I can stop if you like," she replied.
He didn't say anything, so she took that as consent to proceed, and reached up underneath the skirt to pull her panties down. Grinning, she thought about putting them in her purse, but then stepped over to him and tucked them into his shirt pocket.
"Anything else?" she asked, smiling sweetly.
"N... no," he stammered, losing his edge.
She smiled and turned, bouncing as she left the room. Dex and Donna would be so surprised to hear about what had happened! She sat back down at her desk and started to focus on her paperwork again.
A little after lunch, a young woman carrying a large, folded massage table came in and looked around for Taylor. Then, spying Jessie, she came over and stood in front of her desk.
"Hi," she said. "I'm Erin. Mr. Murphy has a massage scheduled at 3."
Jessie smiled. "Let me check," she said. She picked up the phone and clicked over to his office.
"Yes?" came the call.
"Erin is here for a massage," she said.
"Send her in," came the reply.
"Where's Taylor?" the pretty blonde asked.
"Vacation," Jessie said, smiling. They conversed a little before Erin smiled and waved.
Opening the door, she stepped inside the office and then closed the door. A few minutes later, Erin emerged and stood waiting.
"He's getting undressed," she said, smiling at Jessie.
"Ah," she said, nodding in understanding. "You do a lot of business calls?" she asked.
Erin nodded. "Yeah, that's my trade. It's cheaper than paying rent on a place, or having to split the profits at some spa, you know?"
Jessie nodded. "I was thinking about looking into massage therapy, you know? I really love to help people and make them feel good."
Erin smiled. "Well, it's not for everyone," she said. "You don't always get attractive people to work on, and it can be hard on your own body."
Jessie nodded, picking Erin's brain about the process of massage therapy.
A few minutes later, Erin knocked softly on Mr. Murphy's door and poked her head in. Turning, she waved and closed the door behind her.
Still curious, Jessie stood and walked over, listening at the door for a moment. Then, turning the handle, she opened it slightly and peered in.
"I'm sorry," she said, stepping in and shutting the door behind her. "Mr. Murphy, would you mind if I watched?" she asked. "This is something I've considered doing as a career."
He was face down on the long table, his face in a pillow ring facing the floor. "I don't if Erin doesn't," he said.
Erin smiled and shook her head. "It's really not that exciting," she said, shrugging.
"I promise I won't interfere," Jessie said, looking at the blonde for approval.
"Sure," Erin said, smiling. "I certainly don't mind. It's all about the patient's comfort level."
"She's fine," he said.
Jessie came over and stood at Mr. Murphy's head, folding her arms behind her back and watching. Erin poured some oil into her hands and rubbed them together, and then began to methodically rub his shoulders and back.
Every once in a while, she would ask if he was doing okay, but eventually she fell silent and just worked his muscles with her fingers. Jessie stood quietly at Mr. Murphy's head. She had to swat his hands away a few times as he reached up and tickled her thighs playfully, eventually moving around to the other side of the table from Erin.
After a long time, she had Mr. Murphy flip over. She noticed how the young woman made sure that his junk was never uncovered, holding the towel for him while he spun over. Then, she slowly started again, working his muscles with her fingers.
After she finished, Jessie showed her to the restroom and then went back to her desk. A few minutes later, Erin emerged with clean hands and went and retrieved her folding massage table. She smiled and started to leave, but then stopped and turned back to Jessie's desk.
"Can I ask you something?" Erin said.
"Of course!" Jessie said, smiling at her.
"Would you like to go get coffee with me after you get off. I've got something I'd like to discuss with you," she said.
Jessie thought about what she had to do that evening, and didn't think there was anything. She could probably postpone seeing Dex, or just have him come over and let Donna entertain him.
"Sure!" she said happily, smiling. "When is your next client?" she asked.
"I'm done, so I'll just meet you there at 5:30 if you like?" Erin said.
Jessie smiled and stood, holding up a hand. Walking over to Mr. Murphy's office, she popped her head in and looked at him. He'd redressed and was sitting at his desk, looking relaxed.
"I'm gonna go ahead and go," Jessie said. "Do you need anything else before I do that?"
He shook his head, smiling and waving.
Turning, Jessie walked back over and took Erin by the hand. "I'm ready now if you are," she said.
Erin smiled and shrugged. "Now's good too!"
The two women gathered up their things and then drove to the nearest coffee shop, sitting on two high-legged stools at a table near the window.
After getting their coffee and conversing politely about nothing in particular, Jessie turned and looked at the young woman pointedly.
"Not that I don't enjoy the company of a beautiful woman," she said, "But what did you want to ask? I'm dying to know what it was."
Erin smiled. "I noticed you weren't wearing panties and a bra at work," she said. "Are you and Mr. Murphy..." she said, letting the connotation hang in the air.
Jessie giggled. "No, we're not. Mr. Murphy is... unique," she said. "He's such a sweet, soft-spoken man. He's a completely gentle soul and he likes to watch me move around his office," she said.
Erin smiled. "Wow," she said. "I'm actually surprised. I thought for sure that you must be sleeping with him. I'm sorry if that offends," she said.
Jessie giggled and shook her head. "It doesn't," she assured the blonde. "I'm an exhibitionist at heart is what it boils down to," she said.
Erin nodded.
"He just likes to watch me move around his office," she explained. "He said that he likes the way my butt moves when he's watching me and perving out on me."
Erin snickered. "So you get him all turned on and he goes home?" she asked.
Jessie giggled and shook her head. "No, he goes to the bathroom and jerks off normally," she said.
Erin laughed and covered her mouth. "That doesn't bother you?" she asked.
Jessie shook her head, smiling. "Not at all," she said. "It's not like he's forcing himself on me," she said. "He asks me to do certain things and I happily do them. The most he's ever had me do was to sit on his face with my panties still on."
Erin was definitely taken aback by that revelation, and Jessie took a minute to explain the situation and how there wasn't anything done but sitting on him.
"He sounds like a wacko," Erin said, raising an eyebrow.
"Well, I think he's sweet and harmless," Jessie said, smirking.
Erin glanced over her shoulder at a couple of guys and shook her head, laughing. Turning back, she looked at Jessie and smirked. "You know those guys can see up your skirt, right?" she asked.
Jessie giggled. "I might have spread my legs a little too far," she admitted with a shrug. "I just don't even think about it a lot of the time."
"You're a tease," Erin said. "A woman after my own heart."
Jessie giggled. "It's like I was telling my boss, my boyfriend, and my boyfriend's dad; I like to be objectified sometimes!"
"Boyfriend?" Erin asked, frowning slightly.
Jessie smiled and nodded. "Yep! Dexter!"
Erin sighed and forced a smile.
"What?" Jessie asked. "What's wrong?"
Erin snickered and shrugged. "It's not important," she said, taking a drink.
"If we're going to be friends," Jessie said, "we're going to have to be honest each other. What's wrong?"
Erin sighed deeply. "I have a boyfriend," she said.
"Well, that's good," Jessie said.
"No," Erin said. "I mean, I have a boyfriend and he's got a fantasy that he's been wanting to get me to be a part of," she said.
Jessie knew immediately what she was getting at and smiled, nodding. "Two women?" she prompted.
Erin rolled her eyes and nodded. "I don't know what it is with men and them wanting to have sex with two women," she said.
Jessie giggled.
"Anyway,'' Erin said. "I told him that I would try and look for a willing participant that he and I could seduce and see where the evening leads us. In return, he'll consider letting me fool around with another guy. So far, I haven't been very lucky. I was hoping I got lucky when I found you."
Jessie frowned. "Dex and I are definitely in love, but I let him fuck my roommate Donna." She started to explain the complex relationship that she, her boyfriend, her roommate, and her roommate's boyfriend had.
Erin sat and listened, surprised and attentive. Eventually she sat back and looked at Jessie in amusement. "It sounds like I really want to be friends with you," she said. "He's really big?" she asked.
Jessie smiled, rolling her eyes in her head in a loving, wanton manner. "He's very big," she said with a wide grin, "but he's not too big."
Erin smiled, subconsciously licking her lips.
"Like, I've had two other guys that were bigger than him, but they either had egos or were almost deformed and it wasn't that fun, plus neither of them stayed hard for very long," she said.
"Ugh," Erin said. "Egos are the absolute worst!"
Jessie nodded in agreement. "Dex is a very understanding guy, though," she said. "He might be open to the idea."
Erin giggled and smiled.
Jessie glanced up and saw a couple of the guys staring, so she uncrossed her legs again and giggled as two of them strained to see. Erin turned and laughed, then looked at Jessie and shook her head. Jessie giggled when she saw her new friend laughing and shaking her head in dismay.
"Would you like to meet Dex?"" Jessie asked.
Erin smiled and shrugged. "Like tonight?"
"Well, if you're free. Maybe we can do it this weekend instead?" she asked. The two women sat and talked for little while longer until they'd made plans that weekend.
After a quick hug, they parted ways and Jessie headed home.
*****
Dexter
Work had been more of the same for Dex. More projects, more PCs to troubleshoot, more bullshit and attitude from Chase. He'd decided to just lower his head and focus on work. The day tended to go faster when he was busy. At one point, Nicole came over, walking down the long hallway toward his cubicle, but turned down the first row of cubicles toward her husband's office. A few minutes later, he heard the two of them talking and walking toward his desk. They must have come around the end and circled down from the opposite side toward his cubicle.
Stopping right at his desk, she faced away from Dex and backed up a little, looking up at her husband. The two were talking low and he could only make out a little of what they were discussing. It seemed to be something about their plans that evening.
As Nicole was standing in front of him, Dex couldn't take his eyes off of her ass. It looked spectacular in the tight fitting skirt she was wearing. It seemed to accentuate the womanly curve of her hips. He smiled, briefly considering taking a picture of it, but Chase was more or less staring in his direction and would undoubtedly notice.
Then, she reached up and kissed her husband and waved. Turning she walked back down the main hallway toward the bathrooms. Turning, she looked back at Dex and waved before entering. He smirked.
"Tease," he said quietly. Still, the movement of her ass as she'd walked away from him had caused him to get a substantial erection, and he briefly considered going to take care of it.
She emerged a few seconds later and made a gesture to him. He looked at her curiously. She pointed to her ring and then down the hallway toward Chase's office and then held her hands up in a questioning manner.
Dex chuckled and stood, glancing toward Chase's office. The door was closed. He turned and held up his thumb, then mouthed the word, "closed" at her.
She grinned and pointed at Dex and then her own eyes. He smiled. She wanted him to watch her.
Glancing down the other hallway, she giggled and then straightened her face and started to walk toward him. It might have been his imagination, but it looked like she was putting some extra bounce in her step. Her hair was dancing around her head in the same manner, but her breasts were definitely bouncing more. He groaned quietly as she approached. Winking, she stopped at his desk for a second, looking around the office.
Turning, she faced away from him and started to walk back down the hallway, accentuating the sexy little sway and wiggle that her hips and ass did when she walked. She didn't stop, though, and headed down past the bathrooms and eventually turned down the account manager's hallway.
Dex sighed and looked back at his computer screens. He was sure that Jessie would find it quite hilarious, though he wondered if she'd get jealous that someone was flirting with him a little bit at work. Still, it seemed pretty innocent and he doubted that she'd care.
A few seconds later he got a text message from Nicole.
"Are you having a situation?" she sent
He coughed and thought,"That was rather direct."Still, he definitely was after her little display.
"Mostly," he said.
A half a minute later, he got a picture of her face, over-exaggerating a look of shocked irritation.
"Mostly!" she sent. "I'm so offended."
He smirked and briefly thought of taking a picture of his tented pants and sending it to her, but didn't want to cross any lines.
"Sorry," he sent. "I'll let you know when I'm at full."
She sent him a widely grinning smiley face. "You better!" she added. "Did you take a picture of my ass when I walked over there with my husband?" she asked.
He chuckled. "I didn't," he admitted.
"Jeez, what kind of perv are you?" she asked. "I'm a little disappointed. Here I thought that you were beating off in the bathroom daily and you aren't even taking advantage of getting a picture of my fat ass when you can?"
He chuckled at her attempt to fish for a compliment. "I can definitely confirm that your ass isn't fat, Nicole. I didn't have time to get my phone out, make sure the flash was off and then take the picture. Besides, your husband was facing me the whole time."
"Excuses, excuses," she sent. "I expect better out of my perverts."
He laughed. "Sorry," he sent. "I'll try to perv out on you a little better in the future."
"Good boy," she said, adding another smiley face. There was a minute or so of silence, and he was just about to go back to work when she texted again. "Got a hard-on yet?" she sent, adding, "Lol," to it.
"Nah, he went away," he said.
"Maybe I can walk back that way again," she said.
He sighed in amusement. "Why is it so important for me to get a hard-on?" he asked.
A few seconds later he got the response. "Oh no reason," she sent. She added a picture of a cartoon character with really big eyes, basically trying to look as innocent as possible.
"Mmmhmm," he sent. "I'm totally convinced."
"Because, we had a deal!" she sent back. "I walk past your desk, you walk past mine!"
He chuckled. "It's easier for you, though," he said. "I don't have any reason to walk past your office!"
"Good point," she sent. "Still, a deal is a deal. I'm sure you can figure out something. I'll be waiting!"
He chuckled. "I'm going to just have to imagine what your ass looks like I guess," he said. "Since I didn't get a picture, you know."
"Not my fault," she replied. "Surely your girlfriend sends you dirty pictures!"
He laughed. "Yeah, she does," he said. Clicking over to his pics, he scrolled through a few. Picking a slightly modest one, he sent if off to Nicole.
"That's my Jessie," he said. The picture was of Jessie on her knees, looking sultry and sexy. She was wearing a pair of panties and a bra and had a sexy "come-hither" look on her face.
"Wow!" Nicole replied. "She's sexy! I can see why you have to jerk off at work."
"Yeah," he sent. "She's something else."
"Hurry up," she said. "I want your part of the deal held up. Or I'll tell my husband."
"What?" he sent back.
"Lol, just kidding!" she sent. "I'm not insane!"
"Give me a bit," he said. "Then I'll come by and say hi."
She sent him a smiley face that looked very excited.
He chuckled, wondering just how inappropriate this was. Standing, he grabbed his phone and headed to the bathroom after locking his computer. Once there, he sighed and thumbed through his pictures of Jessie until he found his favorite. She was laying on the bed, her knees down and ass in the air. Her head was low to the bed and she had on a mischievous smile.
"Damn," he muttered, taking a moment to make sure the door was locked before he started stroking. Quickly, he achieved an erection and painstakingly zipped himself up. Then, glancing in the mirror, he untucked his shirt and lifted it up, hoping it would cover him if anyone saw him walking in the hall. He looked down and saw his erection bulging his blue jeans. He chuckled, adjusting it so that it was the most noticeable that it could be and then pulled his shirt down over it.
Unlocking the door, he stepped out and turned toward the Account Manager's hallway, then started walking briskly. Rounding the corner, he smiled at two more account managers as they passed. Of course, Nicole's office was down at the very end. He kept walking, hastily tucking in his shirt again as he approached, feeling more than a little ridiculous.
Stopping just outside, he finished tucking in his shirt and then knocked on the edge of the door frame.
"Yes?" came the call from within.
He opened the door and peeked in, then went wide-eyed seeing another of the account managers there.
"Hey Dexter," Nicole called. "Come on in."
He swallowed hard and started to shake his head, but Vicky, the other Account Manager, waved him in.
"Hurry up and shut the door," she said.
Nicole giggled.
Dexter raised an eyebrow at Nicole as she grinned. "You didn't."
"Get in here already," she said, smiling widely.
Vicky was already standing and reaching for his hand. He sighed and stepped in, glancing behind him down the hall to make sure no one was coming.
"You told her?" he asked.
Nicole giggled. "She's not going to say anything," she replied. "I had to tell someone!"
He sighed, raising an eyebrow.
Nicole's eyes dropped, looking directly at his crotch, her smile going wide. "Fucking told you," she said, looking over at her. He glanced down and saw his erection and the size of it were very clear, despite his pants still being on.
He glanced at Vicky. She was staring wide-eyed at his crotch.
"Nicole, this is a little weird," he said, looking over at her.
She giggled. "Oh hush. She's never seen one that big, from her own admission," she said. "Plus, I wanted to see it again."
"What if your husband finds out I'm in here?" he asked. "What if her husband finds out I'm in here with her?"
She giggled. "It makes it fun doesn't it; the prospect of being caught?" She tapped her desk and looked at Vicky, who was still staring, her eyebrows raised and eyes wide. Finally, Nicole picked up a pen and tossed it at her.
Vicky was attractive, blonde like Nicole, but where Nicole's was straight and long, hers was just short of her shoulders and very curly. Where Nicole had absolutely stellar breasts, Vicky was relatively flat chested. He still found the young woman incredibly attractive, despite her small breasts.
She jumped and looked over at Nicole and then up at Dexter when the pen hit her in the shoulder.
"Sorry," she said, her eyes going back down to his crotch. "I just... doesn't... can't..."
Nicole laughed out loud as she babbled adorably. "Go ahead," she said, looking up at Dexter. "Let her see it."
Dex opened his eyes widely. "Are you crazy?" He looked back to the door in paranoia.
Vicky surprised both of them then by sliding forward in the seat, still looking directly at his crotch and the large bulge there. She reached up and lifted his shirt, her hands fumbling at the button and zipper to his pants.
He looked at Nicole, wide-eyed, mouthing, "WHAT THE FUCK?" at her. She covered her mouth and closed her eyes as she laughed.
"I told her a little bit ago about what happened," she explained, opening her eyes a second later. "She's been pressing me for details ever since. I think she's never seen one really big," she said.
"She looks like she's hypnotized," he said, looking down. Vicky was ignoring him. She'd gotten his pants open and had slid them down a little, his cock bulging his underwear out rudely. She was still staring, seemingly oblivious to anything else in the room.
"Vicky," Nicole said. "VICKY!"
"I didn't take it," she said, shaking her head. "I mean..."
He laughed, amused by how distracted she was just by the size of his dick, pride swelling within him.
"Go ahead," Nicole said, looking at Dex.
Vicky wasn't looking at her though, and must have thought she was talking to her. She reached forward and grabbed his underwear and pulled them down.
His cock bobbed upward, semi-erect and protruding proudly. Her eyes were huge again, staring at him. She looked up at him finally. "Is that fully erect?" she asked.
He shook his head. "Not quite," he said, feeling more than a little weird. She reached up and grabbed his cock roughly, causing him to jump back and yell, "Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
"Vicky!" Nicole yelled. "What the fuck? You're married and he's got a girlfriend! I said you could see it!"
Vicky turned toward Nicole and shrugged, retreating back to her chair and pulling her legs up into her lap. "I'm sorry," she said, shrugging and looking down in embarrassment. "I just..."
Dexter pulled his shorts and pants back up, looking at Vicky and then Nicole. He started to feel bad then, seeing the embarrassed look on her face.
"It's fine," he said, pulling his pants and underwear back down. She looked up at him questioningly. He nodded. "Really. It's okay. You just surprised me."
Vicky looked back up, and then over at Nicole again. Both girls looked at his now fully erect cock. "Wow," Vicky said. She started to reach up again, but Nicole grabbed her hand and forced it back down. "Sorry," she said again.
"Jesus," Nicole said, smiling and staring at it. "How big is it?" she asked.
Dexter chuckled and shrugged. "Jeez... I don't know."
"Twelve inches?" Vicky asked, looking at Nicole.
"I'd say 10," she replied.
He laughed and shook his head. "God," he said. "You two are ridiculous. I'm around 9 and a half inches."
Vicky was transfixed again though, and was staring directly at it. As he watched, she subconsciously licked her lips and started to lean forward.
"VICKY!" Nicole said, pulling her back and slapping her on the shoulder. "What the fuck are you doing?"
Dexter, seeing that she was having real issues resisting doing things to him, decided that he'd had enough fun for the day. Lifting his underwear up, he slipped them over his ridiculous erection, then pulled up his pants again.
"I've caused enough trouble today," he said. He turned and opened the door, stepping out and waving at Nicole as she smiled at him.
Walking down the hallway toward his office, he sighed and rubbed his temples. "That got out of hand," he muttered quietly.
Heading back to his desk, he started focusing on his work when he got another text from Nicole.
"Sorry about that," she sent. "I had no idea that she'd get so weird about it!"
He smiled and set the phone down for a second, contemplating his response. Picking it back up again, he texted, "No worries. I was just surprised."
"You and me both," came the response. "Anyway, thanks for the show!"
"You're welcome," he said.
"I feel bad though," she said. "Maybe I need to walk back by your desk again to even us up? I mean, after all, I got to see your cock again."
He smirked. "I'll always look at your ass when you walk by and your tits when you walk toward me. I'm okay though, you can consider us even."
"I see how it is," she replied. "You don't want me anymore. I get it."
He chuckled. "You know that's not it," he said. "Now if you walk over here naked, that would be worth the risk!"
She playfully sent a shocked looking smiley and then, "Yeah, that would go over well with my husband."
"Well at least the other techs would get a show," he said. "How about just in your underwear?" he sent, grinning to himself.
"Lol," she replied. "You're nuts. How about if I start wearing more revealing clothing for you?"
He smiled. "I like that idea. Wear something that shows off those gorgeous breasts."
She sent a laughing smiley face and then, "Oh, yes sir!"
He chuckled and sent a final, "Gotta go back to work, you hussy."
She replied with a picture of her pouting, followed by, "Lol, talk to you later."
He shook his head, looking at his phone for a second and then set it back down on the desk, going over what had just happened in his head. A little later, he was finally able to get some time in working, and by the end of the day had finished several tickets for broken PCs.
As he got ready to leave, he sent a message to Jessie asking if he was going to get to see her.
"Of course!" came the reply. "I've got stuff to tell you!" she said. "My place!"
He smiled and quickly drove over. Jessie hadn't gotten home yet, but it looked like Donna was there, so he quickly parked and went inside.
Walking in, he saw Donna in her spot on the smaller couch and waved. She smiled and waved back.
"Hey Dex."
"Hey gorgeous," he replied. "No Jessie yet?" he asked.
She shook her head and put her laptop down. "Nope. She should be here soon." He smiled as she slid to the floor and started to pull off her top and bra.
"Plans?" he asked, smiling at her.
She grinned. "I'm going to suck your cock," she said directly, walking over on her knees. His eyes dropped to her breasts and he sighed, taking in the perfectly shaped orbs. She'd lifted the bra off of them, letting them drop and sway sexily. Crawling forward, she started to reach for his cock but he stopped her, lifting her face and drawing it up to his. She smiled as he leaned in and kissed her, causing a whimper of vulnerability to escape her lips.
She smiled at him, leaning in for another kiss while she fumbled with his pants. His lifted his hips then, allowing her to strip him down. As fate would have it, just as she had freed his steadily growing erection and lowered her face to kiss the mushroom head of his cock, the door opened and Jessie came through.
"Hi baby!" she said, smiling. "I see Donna couldn't wait to start playing?" she asked.
He smiled and wrapped a hand up in Donna's black hair, forcing her lips down around the shaft as she yelped in surprise.
"She didn't really even say hello," he said, reaching back as Jessie came up behind him. She leaned over the couch and kissed him upside down as he leaned back. He reached lower, wrapping his free arm around her and pulling.
She screeched in surprise and amusement as he pulled her over the couch and down his body, her shoulder landing on Donna's back.
The dark-haired vixen slid out of the way as Jessie fought to get his erection in her mouth. She achieved success for a second before Dex slid her carefully down to the floor. She giggled and moved to the couch beside him while Donna moved back to her position between his legs, quickly taking his cock back into her mouth.
"How was your day?" he asked.
Jessie grinned as Donna began to swirl her tongue around the top and make low moan-like sounds. "Well, yesterday Mr. Murphy apologized for being a weirdo on Saturday."
"He did?" he asked. He put his hand back on Donna's head, wrapped up in her hair and left it there for a second.
Jessie nodded. "I told him not to worry about it. I like being ogled and he didn't cross any lines. He was still a little trepidatious, though," she said. "Silly guy. After that, I went over to your house and started a load of laundry and came home since no one was there. I went back after I heard that you were going to have a late night and spoke with your dad a little bit and did some more housework; made him dinner and such."
"That was nice of you," he said. Donna had started to slide her lips down his shaft as he gently pushed, his fingers gripping a large wad of her dark hair. "And today?" he asked.
She grinned. "I made a new friend and you and I have plans this weekend with her and her boyfriend!"
He chuckled. "Oh yeah?"
She leaned over and put her head on his shoulder then, watching for a minute while Donna got more and more energetic in her efforts. She was taking him deep, his cock pressing against the back of her throat every few seconds. Finally, he took over and pushed hard, causing her to whimper for a moment before sound was cut off as he pushed into her throat. Her hand went between her legs as Dex pulled her face to his pubic bone for a second before letting her up.
She looked up at him then, pure lust on her face.
"So, something interesting happened at work," he said, looking at Jessie.
"Oh yeah?" she asked, sitting back and facing him.
He told her who Nicole was, who she was married to and how she'd accidentally walked in on him jerking off.
"So she saw your cock?" she asked, smiling.
He chuckled as Donna looked up to say something. He didn't let her finish though, and forced her face back down and causing his cock to slide past her lips and into her mouth despite her surprise. She renewed her efforts to pleasure his cock, her lips tight around his shaft and sliding up and down swiftly. She cupped a hand at her mouth and stroked along with her oral efforts, moving it out of the way when she deepthroated him and then replacing it on the upstroke.
"She did," he said, groaning in pleasure. He leaned over and grabbed his phone. "She texted me a little later being flirtatious," he said, looking over at her. "I hope that doesn't cross any lines."
Jessie took his phone and thumbed through the messages, grinning and giggling. "That definitely doesn't cross any lines silly," she said. "It's just harmless flirting! What happened in her office though?"
He chuckled. "Well," he said. "She wanted me to walk past her desk with an erection again, but the trouble is, her office is at the end of a long hallway. I had no reason to walk over there. I had to wait until it was quiet. I went to the bathroom and looked at a picture of you to get another erection and then concealed it as best as I could. She'd told another of the AMs that I had a big dick and didn't warn me."
Jessie giggled and covered her mouth in surprise. Donna finally slid his cock out of her mouth and looked up a Jessie silently. His girlfriend seemed to know what she was asking and smiled, nodding.
Donna slid upward onto the couch, her knees spreading around Dexter's as she pulled his cock toward her entrance. Groaning gutturally, she wasted no time in taking the full length of his cock deep inside her.
"So, you go into Nicole's office," Jessie prompted.
Dexter grunted, feeling Donna's tightness squeezing down on him. She'd leaned forward and put her head down on his shoulder as she started to fuck him.
He lifted his head and glanced at Jessie. "She's got one of the other account managers in there, Vicky."
Jessie grinned. "Oh my!" she said. "Did they give you a blowjob?"
Dex looked at her like she was insane. "What? Of course not, baby!"
She giggled and kept looking at him.
He started to relate what happened in the room as Donna continued to drive her tight little pussy down on his cock again and again. She stopped him briefly as she pulled his face up for a kiss, then whimpered when he pulled away to finish talking.
"So, I'm sorry if that crossed a line," he said.
Jessie snickered and shook her head. "Sweetie, of course you didn't cross any lines. How can I blame someone you know that is just as much in love with your cock as I am?"
He looked at her, still confused.
She snickered and rolled her eyes at him. "It's not a big deal," she said. "You're over thinking things. Besides, you said she was married, right?"
He nodded. "They both are."
"Well it's not like either of them are going to try and steal you away from me," she said.
"They couldn't if they tried," he replied.
She leaned in and kissed him, then kissed Donna, who was cumming at that moment in time. Breaking off from her roommate, she looked up at him and smiled. "You know, it sounds like harmless flirting, in my opinion."
He chuckled, briefly wondering how it could have possibly been harmless.
"So what's your new friend's name?" he asked, kissing Donna as she slid off of him and disappeared into the bathroom to shower.
He stood then, reaching for Jessie's hand and followed. He stepped into the bathroom, followed by his girlfriend and opened the door to the shower. Stepping in, he kissed Donna as she whimpered in pleasure, seeing that he wasn't done with her. Turning, she leaned forward and arched her back, presenting herself for him.
"Her name is Erin," Jessie said. "She's got some interesting ideas," she added cryptically. "We're going to the amusement park this weekend with her and her boyfriend."
Dex nodded. "That sounds fun," he said. He gestured for Jessie to take off her clothes and she shook her head.
"You go ahead," she said. "I'm gonna go get in some comfortable clothes."
He smiled and nodded, turning back toward Donna. She whimpered, wriggling her butt toward him. He grinned and stepped forward, rubbing his still hard cock against her slit and causing her to moan lowly and slide her hips back.
She whimpered pitifully when he didn't stick it in and looked like she was going to turn around when he grabbed both of her hips and pushed in, causing her head to drop.
"Unnngh," she said, pushing back against him.
"Where's your boyfriend?" he asked.
"Fuck..." she groaned. "He's gone at work. He'll be back in a month or so."
"So he knows that your pussy is going to be mine until he's back?" Dex said, still just inside her entrance. She whimpered again and tried to slide backwards.
"He knows that my pussy is yours regardless," she said.
Dexter grinned. "Is that right?" he asked.
She nodded. "Yes, daddy," she said.
He chuckled and leaned forward, kissing her neck tenderly and sliding in completely. She groaned and dropped her head again.
"Please don't ever stop fucking me," she pleaded.
"Daddy?" he asked, starting to build up a rhythm.
She giggled and nodded. "As in a man that has complete power over me," she explained. "Not the icky kind of daddy."
He grinned and gripped her hips roughly, powering into her from behind. Soon, he had her tits swaying sexily and was filling the bathroom with wet slaps and whimpers of pleasure. She came relatively quickly, but he stayed in the shower with her and fucked her until she had achieved a third orgasm.
Finally, he turned her around and kissed her tenderly again.
"Thank you..." she said, adding, "Daddy," at the last second before he stepped out of the shower.
He chuckled and turned, leaving the bathroom and going to find Jessie. She was sitting on her bed, playing with a video camera.
"What's that for?" he asked, plopping down on the bed beside her.
She grinned. "John had a request for me," she said.
"Oh yeah?" he asked, wondering what the weirdo wanted from his girlfriend.
"Yep!" she said. "He wants me to film you absolutely destroying Donna some time. I'm thinking of filming it with this and letting Donna edit it and send it to him."
Dexter raised an eyebrow. "So he's going to jerk off to me fucking his girlfriend?" he asked.
She turned and looked up at him. "I mean... I guess so? Why? Is that weird?"
Dex shrugged, honestly not sure. "Probably?" he stated, though it sounded like more a question. "I mean I think the guy is weirder than shit, so this really isn't any stranger than the other stuff he's into."
Jessie giggled. "John is a good guy, and he's very sweet and affectionate," Jessie said. "He's a little different in the bedroom, but that doesn't make him a bad guy."
Dexter shook his head. "No, no," he said. "I'm not saying he's a bad guy. He seems to treat Donna okay. I'm just saying that him jerking off to a video of me and his girlfriend isn't as weird as the other things he's into."
Jessie giggled and let it go at that, setting the camera down on her dresser.
"Want to fool around?" he asked.
"How about just a blowjob," she said. "I'm not really in the mood for sex," she admitted.
"Everything okay?" he asked.
She smiled and nodded. "Of course," she said. "Just feeling kind of blah now," she said.
He frowned. "Anything I can do?" he asked. "I don't have to cum," he said.
She settled for a little snuggle time and then they went to grab a bite to eat before he headed home.
The rest of the week, life seemed to return to normal for Dex. He went to work and was left alone by his new admirers in the office, and then would see Jessie in the evening or at lunch. When he did see her, Donna was melancholy.
By the end of the week, Jessie had told him that they were going to film the sex scene with Donna on Friday evening. He still felt a little weird about it, but figured that's what guys in porn films might feel on their first time; not that he felt anything like a porn star.
At work on Friday, he got a message from Nicole.
"I've been trying to leave you alone," she sent.
He smiled. "I know you have. I was beginning to wonder if I'd said something wrong."
"Of course not," she replied. "I just figured that you didn't want two horny women tormenting you at work."
Chuckling, he replied, "Being told you have a beautiful dick is hardly torment and even if it is, I liked it."
"Still," she said. "I doubt my husband or your girlfriend would be happy with us."
"Speak for yourself. My girlfriend thought it was hilarious," he said.
"Seriously?" she replied "You told her!"
"Relax," he said. "You told Vicky."
"I know," she sent. "That turned out to be a bit of a mistake."
He grew a little concerned then. "Uh oh, did she tell someone?" he asked.
"No, nothing like that," she replied. "She just won't quit pestering me about it. She keeps wanting me to make you walk down to my office or hers again"
He chuckled. "Having a big dick is such a fun thing," he said. "I love the reactions I get when girls see it."
"Dexter, I'm shocked. How many girls do you show it to?" she asked.
He chuckled. "Just my girlfriend and her roommate for now."
"Wow!" she replied. "Your girlfriend let her friend see it?"
He chuckled, wondering if he should tell her the extent of his relationship with Donna.
"You could say that," he said. "It all started when I woke up one night at Jessie's with a massive erection. I went to the bathroom to attempt to use the toilet when I ran into her. Without a word, she dropped to her knees and deepthroated me."
"What!" Nicole sent. "She was able to do that!?"
Dexter chuckled. "I was just as surprised. She didn't stop though. She made me orgasm then, and when I told Jessie about it, she said that she expected it. Since then, I have had sex with Donna a couple of times and gotten a couple of blowjobs from her."
"You know you're a lucky guy, right?" Nicole sent. "My husband would love to have another woman come to bed with us. By the way, don't be surprised if Vicky comes over at some point."
"What's her deal?" he asked. "She's married right?"
"Yep," she replied. "She's married to a guy named Eric. From what I understand, she's one of those women that it's really hard to make have an orgasm," she explained. "The only one she's ever had, if she's to be believed, was from some guy in college who was about your size."
"Wow!" he replied, unsure of what else to say.
"So it's understandable that she's a little enamored of your situation," she said.
He smiled, feeling a little sorry for Vicky, but was feeling a little playful and decided to take a shot at Nicole.
"And what's your excuse?" he sent.
"For what, liking to see a big dick?" she asked.
"Yes, exactly," he sent.
"A girl can't just enjoy seeing a large sex organ?" she asked.
He sent her a smiley face expressing his doubt. "Is that the real reason?" he asked.
She sent a widely grinning smiley face and texted, "Yes?" to him.
He chuckled.
"Look, Chase might be a real pain in the ass up at work, but he's decent enough to me and faithful. He's just..." she started. "He thinks he's a lot bigger than he is, and thinks he's a lot better than he is. Plus his jealousy is just maddening."
"Yeah?" he asked.
"Yeah," she sent. "He's so paranoid that I'm going to leave him. The only time I ever want to leave him is when he's being a pain in the ass about being scared I'm going to leave him."
"I'm sorry," he sent. There was a minute of silence before she replied.
"I shouldn't have told you that," she sent.
"I'm sorry for you," he said, "but don't worry, I'm not going to use this new knowledge against him in some nefarious plot."
"Thank you Dexter. You seem like a really good guy. By the way, I meant to tell you," she sent. "I'll have a surprise for you on Monday, if it gets here today that is."
"What's that?" he asked.
"Let's just say I updated my wardrobe a bit," she said. "You mentioned wanting to see more cleavage, right?"
"I mentioned wanting to see you naked and in underwear, but I guess I'll settle for cleavage," he said.
She sent him a laughing smiley face and texted, "You're so mistreated and neglected."
"I am," he sent. "I show off my cock, twice now, and haven't even seen you in your underwear."
She didn't reply to him for a minute, and he began to mildly panic thinking he'd crossed a line.
"Now you can't complain," she sent, followed by a picture.
He smiled when he saw it. She was sitting at her desk, but had opened her blouse up and was displaying her lacy white bra covering her massive breasts.
"Did you just take that?" he sent.
"No," came the reply. "It's one I sent to Chase the other day after you got me all worked up and horny. Are you hard?" she asked.
He chuckled, looking down at his semi-erect cock tenting his pants.
"Getting there really quickly," he said.
"Prove it," she replied. "Pics or gtfo."
He laughed and thumbed through his pics, looking for one of his dick that he'd sent to Jessie. He selected one that framed his cock nicely and didn't make it look small or anything. He sent if off to Nicole without hesitation.
"God..." she sent. "You've made me a very happy girl," she said. "If you hear moans coming from my office, it's just me... masturbating constantly."
He chuckled and sent her a laughing smiley face. "Go do some work, you lunatic," he texted.
"Oh, yes sir!" she replied playfully.
*****
Jessie
Wednesday and Thursday were normal for Jessie. She didn't see her boyfriend much, only for a bit on Wednesday at lunch, and Thursday evening for dinner. When she got to work on Friday though, Mr. Murphy almost immediately had her come in to his office.
"Good morning," she called, smiling sweetly.
"Good morning," he replied, looking up from his laptop. "I want you to walk over the top of me while I lay down. Can you start going through some boxes over there to start with?" He smiled widely at her.
"You're the boss," she said, returning his smile. Turning, she lifted her skirt a little teasingly and then turned, focusing on a box that had files for the current client she was working on. She heard Mr. Murphy roll his chair out from behind his desk and slide closer to her. She heard the telltale zip of a zipper behind her and smiled. Standing, she went through a series of moves in front of him. Mostly she just bent way over with her knees straight. He came up behind her at one point and knelt down, looking at her. For several minutes she held this position, standing up and looking at a file while he moved around her, almost as if he was inspecting her for something.
Then, he laid down on the floor and she moved to stand over him, her ankles touching his ears. Again, several minutes passed while he stroked his average sized erection and watched her as she stood above him. He was too excited to last long though apparently, and shot his load onto his chest, hastily moving his shirt out of the way. Jessie stepped away from him and went to retrieve a towel from the small bar built into the wall of shelves near the door and went back to hand it to him. He cleaned himself up and then went back to work as if nothing had happened.
Happy to have been able to help him, she went back to work. Her phone buzzed then, and she saw that John had texted her.
"Got that video yet?" he asked.
"I was gonna film it tonight," she said.
"Good deal, thanks!" he replied.
She figured that the could film the video tonight, and then she could let Donna fiddle with it on her computer all day Saturday while she and Dexter were at the amusement park with Erin and her boyfriend. An idea struck her then, and she sent a message to Erin, a plan forming in her head.
*****
Dexter
That evening, Dexter went over to Jessie's as he was told. Jessie had gone a little overboard with her preparation in his opinion. There were lights set up in the living room, shining down on the floor and couch. Jessie had her camera setup on a tripod, and it looked like she had another sitting the table.
She emerged from the bathroom and came up to kiss him, then pulled him to the bathroom with her. He looked in and saw Donna's dark brown hair and then saw another very attractive young woman.
"Sweetie, this is Erin, my new friend," Jessie said. "Erin, this is my Dex!"
Erin, a stunningly attractive blonde, leaned over and waved. "Nice to meet you," she said.
"Likewise," he replied.
"Erin's here to help me get Donna ready for your sex movie tonight. I told her all about John and how he likes to be humiliated, and how much Donna loves your cock," she explained.
Dex raised an eyebrow.
"You're going to need to shave your pubic region," Jessie said, glancing at him.
He raised his eyebrows again. "Are you serious?" he asked. Jessie nodded as he looked at what was going on. Donna was standing naked in the bathroom and Erin was doing her hair. Jessie had knelt back down and had a razor, shaving cream, and a cup of water and was gently shaving her roommate's pubic region.
"She couldn't just do that herself?" Dex asked.
Donna shrugged. "She wanted to make sure and get it perfect looking," she said.
"I'm sorry you got roped into this, Erin," he said.
"Actually, this is kinda fun," she replied.
"I'll leave you to it," he said, turning to leave.
"Go ahead and shower," Jessie said. "We'll shave you in a second."
"Just give me the razor when you're done," he said. "I'll handle it."
"No sir," Jessie said sternly. "It's got to be perfect."
He sighed, pulling off his shirt and then pants. Glancing up at Erin, he trepidatiously started to slide his underwear off in front of the nearly complete stranger in front of him.
She glanced over and then down, smiling and looking up at him before focusing back on Donna. He chuckled quietly and stepped in, washing himself with soap and then rinsing. By the time he'd finished his shower, they finished primping Donna.
"Erin, can you grab him a towel," Jessie said, still kneeling and inspecting Donna's groin. "Step into the shower and rinse off your crotch," she said, looking up at Donna.
"Don't get your hair wet," Erin warned.
Donna quietly did as she was told, winking at Dexter as she slid in with him. Erin turned, a dry towel in her hand but averted her eyes as he stepped out and started to dry off.
Then Jessie, ever the instigator, stood and turned, addressing Erin. "Would you mind making sure Dex is shaved clean. I'm gonna go and make sure the setup is perfect."
"Oh," Erin said, looking at her and then back at Dexter. "I don't..."
"Jessie, she's never even met me," Dex said. "You can't ask her to do that."
"I didn't ask her to give you a blowjob," she said, handing Erin the razor and shaving cream. "She's just shaving you. I want it perfect. You can move your junk around for her. She doesn't even have to touch you. I'm going to go out there and make sure the setup is good and then I'll be back to take over."
Wondering what his girlfriend was trying to do, Dex sighed and went to stand over the towel. Erin smiled at him and then shrugged and slipped down to her knees.
"If this makes you uncomfortable, I can totally do it myself," he said. "You don't have to listen to my lunatic girlfriend."
Erin shrugged. "It's fine," she said. "I'm a massage therapist, so I've seen my fair share of junk. I just didn't expect to see it so close."
He smiled, shrugging. Glancing down, he reached for the shaving cream and lathered up his pubic region as Donna stepped out of the shower and headed to her room to get dressed, leaving Dexter alone with Jessie's new friend.
"Lather your testicles up for me too," she ordered.
Dex nodded, doing as she asked.
"You sure you want to do this? My girlfriend likes to see how far she can take things sometimes." Dex looked down with a raised eyebrow.
"It's not how I pictured meeting my new girlfriend's boyfriend, but it's fine, really. Just don't get any dirty ideas," she said playfully.
He nodded and stood still, stealing a glance or two down the cleave of her shirt as she stood and dumped out the dirty water from Donna's shaving and rinsed out the cup, getting more water to rinse and then putting a fresh blade in the razor itself.
"We should have used trimmers or scissors on you first," she said. "This is gonna be a pain in the butt."
"I can rinse and dry off," he offered.
She shook her head. "We're already here, let's just get through this."
He nodded, more than happy to let this attractive stranger near his cock and balls. She started by getting up close to him and shaving his upper pubic region, and around the edges, washing out the razor every few seconds. As she worked, he looked down and watched.
She was very attractive, without a doubt. She had a peculiar smile that turned up at the very edge, and adorable dimples when she smiled. Her hair was straight, but wasn't too long; maybe shoulder length. Her breasts were her best physical feature though. They were large and perky, and he wondered briefly if she had larger nipples or smaller like he preferred.
He shook the thoughts away and looked down again, past his lathered groin to her cleavage. The shirt she was wearing wasn't necessarily low-cut, it just happened to be that the angle he was standing at was perfect for staring right down it.
She seemed not to notice or care, focusing intently on what she was doing at that moment. Looking down, he saw her sway forward slightly, her lips pursed in concentration. From his view, it looked like she was pursing them to kiss the tip of his cock which was gently bobbing upward.
"You're blessed in that area," she said, looking up at him.
He smiled. "Sorry about the issues I'm having, but thank you. I'm definitely happy with what I've got."
She giggled. "Don't worry about the erection. I actually see it all the time with my male clients." She looked back down and started shaving again.
His cock, more than excited to be part of the equation of what ever the hell was going on, promptly grew to full size and stood proudly protruding from his crotch. As she moved around, it gently brushed her chin and she looked up quickly.
"Sorry!" she said.
He smiled and shook his head. "No trouble," he said with a smile.
She looked back to his crotch then and started shaving again, then washed the razor and repeated. "I have to admit, it's bigger than most of the others I've seen."
He smiled. "I've heard that more than a few times," he said, trying not to sound like he was bragging.
She smiled. "I also have to admit that it's a little hard to concentrate with it in that condition."
Chuckling, he shrugged. "You have to admit that my current situation is conducive to my current condition."
She giggled. "I can totally see that a strange woman shaving so close to your cock might excite the little guy."
He grinned and looked down. "Little guy?" he asked.
She smirked and nodded, getting a laugh and a shrug from him in the process. "Okay... move it... there," she said, as he pulled his erection one direction. She fell silent then, concentrating harder as she grew closer to his actual shaft.
"It's actually helping that you are erect," she observed. "It's pulling the skin tighter."
He nodded and pulled the other way as she shaved and washed, shaved and washed.
"Here," she said, reaching up. She grabbed his wrist then, and moved him around, but it was still a little awkward. She sighed in mild irritation and then looked past him. "Let me just do it this way," she said, reaching up and wrapping her cool hand around the shaft of his cock.
He groaned quietly and swayed gently toward her, the tip of his cock brushing against her cheek.
"Sorry," she said, "It's just going to be easier to finish."
"It's totally fine," he said, smiling.
She giggled and pulled, moving his cock one direction and then the other as she shaved. Finally, she had his pubic region clean.
"Okay, now your balls," she said. "Lift your cock up and hold it there. Good." He did as she asked, looking down as she cleaned the razor and studied her next task.
"Do I need to..." he said, letting the question hang in the air.
"Well..." she said. "There's just no way around this," and moved her hand to his balls, slowly shaving and pulling the skin flat. There wasn't really anything sexual feeling, to him at least, about the act. She eventually had his balls clean, even shaving up underneath his undercarriage as far as she could.
Standing, she smiled at him as he checked her work.
"Go ahead and rinse off and I'll comb your hair for you after we do a final check," she said.
"Yes, ma'am," he said with a grin. He stepped into the shower for a quick rinse off while she cleaned up the rest of the area. After washing away the stray hairs and marveling at how smooth and weird it felt, he looked down and smiled at how much more impressive his cock looked.
"Jesus," she said, smiling. "You should keep that sucker shaved."
He laughed and nodded, conceded the point.
"Alright handsome," she said. "Come on out and let me do your hair."
He smiled and stepped out, drying himself with the proffered towel she had for him. He briefly tried to wrap it around himself, but gave up when his erection inevitably made it fall.
"I've seen it already," she said with a playful grin and a shrug. Reaching for a brush, she stepped close and started to brush his hair. He looked down and saw that his erection was pointing directly at her crotch.
She followed his gaze and giggled. "You're such a man," she said, rolling her eyes.
He smirked and shrugged. "Can you blame me?" he asked. "He's inches from heaven."
She blushed and spun him around, brushing the back of his head before spinning him back around. "My boyfriend would definitely wonder just what the heck was going on in here," she admitted, smiling.
Dex smiled and looked down again. "I'm an honorable guy," he said with a smile. "I'm not going to throw you to the floor and fuck your brains out."
She sighed then, swaying forward as he spoke, a single hand bracing against his chest. His cock was still erect, of course, and he felt it push against the fabric of her shorts for a few seconds. She whimpered and then looked up, covering her mouth and hiding a smile. Gently, she pushed forward and he felt the mushroom head of his cock push against the soft folds of her pussy for a few seconds before she pulled back with a grin.
He grinned and shook his head. "Little hussy," he said playfully.
Jessie came back in then and smiled. "I figured I'd catch you two being naughty," she said, giggling. "Honey, did I tell you that she wants to be able to fool around with another man?" she asked.
Dex raised an eyebrow and looked first at Jessie and then back to Erin. "Is that right?" he asked.
She had turned about three shades of red and was looking at Jessie with wide eyes.
Jessie was relentless though. "Yeah! She promised her boyfriend that he could have a threesome with two women and he said that he would let her fool around with another guy."
Dexter chuckled. "That sounds like a fun time," he said.
Jessie grinned. "Go get on your clothes and wait in my bedroom," she said.
"What the fuck?" Erin said, slapping her on the shoulder.
He heard his girlfriend giggling as he left the room. Entering Jessie's room, he pulled on his clothes and started fiddling around with his phone.
"Okay Dex," came a call from the living room. He sighed and stood, hoping that she didn't try and get too crazy.
Entering the living room again, he saw Donna clad in an older looking shirt and a pair of panties. She didn't look like she was dressed very sexily, but he was only a guy; what did he know about what was sexy.
Sighing, he walked forward and stood near the couch as Jessie turned and looked first at him and then Donna.
"Okay, Erin you can just hang out behind me watching," Jessie said. "We'll start with Dex coming up and some light kissing, is that okay?" she asked, looking first at Donna and then him.
Both nodded.
"Good, then Dex, you can get all aggressive and tear her clothes off, and then just proceed into sex," she said. "Start with you forcing Donna to her knees to suck you off, and then move into whatever position you want."
"Do uh... do I need to go down on her?" he asked.
Donna shook her head. "John's fantasy is for me to be taken by a man that wouldn't care about me. So, if you were just coming in and having your way with me and we weren't filming, and you didn't care about me, you'd just get your dick sucked and start fucking me, right?"
He shrugged and nodded.
"You can start right up next to Donna," Jessie said. "We'll edit it to look good."
Dex wondered when his girlfriend had become a porn movie director, but didn't protest. He was about to get to fuck her roommate again, after all.
He stepped up to Donna and kissed her softly on the lips. She smiled and winked at him, returning his kiss. A quiet sigh of happiness fell from her lips as she looked into his eyes. He knew she was looking forward to this.
The two of them kissed for a bit before Dex quietly whispered, "Are you ready?"
She winked again and replied quietly, "Can't fucking wait."
Dex took a deep breath and quietly told himself that he could do this, then reached up with a single hand and grabbed her by the back of her head, his fingers pulling tightly against her scalp. She winced, and for a second he almost apologized. He remembered his role though, and kissed her feverishly, as if her lips were the cure to some ailment.
She whimpered as he reached up with a single hand and mauled one of her perky breasts, rolling the nipple in his finger before stepping back and releasing her. Her chest heaved as she breathed, clearly turned on.
He stepped back up to her and took hold of both sides of her collar, then ripped as hard as he could, easily tearing into the fabric. She whimpered but stood her ground. Stepping up to her then, he yanked the remnants of the shirt away from her and savaged both of her breasts, his hands moving roughly over her soft skin.
A single hand moved up and gripped her throat then, squeezing gently. She whimpered again as he pulled her close. The other moved up to her head again and then in one motion he threw her roughly to the ground.
She fell to the blankets on the floor and faced away from him, undoubtedly playing her part. He quickly unzipped his fly and fished his cock out, then started to rub it on her cheek. She turned away and shook her head.
"I have a boyfriend," she said. "I don't want to do this."
"Say something mean," Jessie said. "We'll edit out my talking."
Dex glanced over and rolled his eyes, feeling ridiculous. He stole a glance over at Erin and saw her standing behind Jessie. It might have been his imagination, but he thought he saw a grin on her face. Focusing on his task, he looked down at Donna.
"I don't give a fuck, bitch," he said. "Get over here and suck my dick."
"Good!" Jessie said.
Donna shook her head, so Dex grabbed a handful of hair and wrapped his fist around the base of his cock, pointing it at her lips. She continued to fight him, so he pushed his cock with one hand and pulled her head with the other, rubbing the tip across her lips.
"Suck my dick, cunt," he said, feeling utterly ridiculous.
She whimpered and turned, finally doing as he asked. "Fuck!" she cried out emphatically. "I'm so sorry baby," she said, looking at Jessie and the camera.
Dex fought back a laugh but then groaned in pleasure as she turned and slid his cock between her lips, no pretense of resistance left. Her mouth was a warm embrace on his shaft, her tongue its blanket to lay on. He thrust, pushing into her throat as she flattened her stance, her legs splaying out to the sides a little while he pushed in and pulled out of her hungry mouth.
She slowly started to take over, her mouth and lips moving along the immensity of his shaft as he stood there, still holding a handful of her dark brown hair. He moved his hand around to the back of her head again and pulled, pushing his cock deep into her throat where she was struggling to contain her gag reflex. She started to pull out, but he pulled again, driving his cock back in for a few seconds before he finally released her to cough and sputter on the floor in front of him.
She didn't need to recover long before she lifted back up and took him deep again, his hand easily finding the back of her head and pulling. She groaned in pleasure lowly as he pushed into her throat, her nose pushing against his newly shaved pubic region. An idea struck him then, and he slid out of her throat, causing her to whimper until he lifted his cock up and dropped one of his testicles in her mouth.
Her eyes came up and found his then, looking up at him almost like she was possessed. Her warm tongue ran across the orb, then gently pulled it into her mouth where she gently sucked before moving over to the next. Alternating a few times, she slurped and sucked at his balls for a minute before he allowed her to have his cock again. She pulled out a second and looked up, playing for the camera.
"Just cum on my tits, and we won't have to tell my boyfriend," she pleaded.
He smirked, suddenly determined to play his part. "Fuck you, cunt," he spat. "I'm going to do what I want to you, and there's nothing you can do about it. Got it?"
She shook her head defiantly at him, looking him in the eyes and sneering.
"Slap her," Jessie said.
He raised an eyebrow and looked at Jessie and then Donna.
"Just do it," Jessie said. "She likes that stuff."
Donna winked as she looked up at him. Adopting the same look, she glared up at him again in the same position.
"Here goes nothing,"he thought. He lifted his hand and then slapped her cheek, harder than he intended, but apparently not as hard as he was supposed to.
"Harder than that," Donna said.
He sighed and raised an eyebrow. She adopted the same glare and he raised his hand, then brought it down hard on her cheek. Her head whipped dramatically to the other side and she whimpered.
"Perfect," Jessie said, calming Dex's fears that he'd hurt the poor girl.
Donna turned back and didn't raise her eyes to him, waiting for him to do with her as he pleased.
"You're going to let me fuck you," Dex said.
"Yes, sir," Donna said whimpering for effect.
"You're going to fucking like it," he said. "Your boyfriend isn't here to save you."
"Yes, sir," she said again, punctuating it with another cry.
He reached down and grabbed a handful of her hair, yanking her back up to look at him. "There's nothing you can do to stop this, do you understand?"
She whimpered and nodded. "Yes, sir," she said. "I'm sorry for misbehaving. I'll be good for you."
He stood her up then, pulling her hair until she cried out in pain and jumped to her feet as he pulled upward. Briefly releasing his hold on her gorgeous brown locks, her reached down and yanked her underwear down, sliding to a knee to get them off completely as she stood there, looking shocked.
Standing back up, he grabbed the back of her neck and pulled her to him. Reaching down, he grabbed her hand and forced her to start stroking his cock. She whimpered, resisting a little at first, but quickly acquiescing to his demand. His hand found the knot of hair that he had been gripping and he pulled her tight, kissing her deeply.
Then, in one swift motion, he threw her to the ground and slid down to his knees behind her. She whimpered, quickly getting into position on all fours and presenting her rump to him.
"Your boyfriend isn't here, is he?" Dex asked, still feeling silly inside.
"No sir," she said. "He's not fucking here."
"What are you going to do?" Dex asked.
She whimpered and looked back. "What ever you tell me to," she said.
He reached down and gripped the base of his cock, which looked immense in his present state of arousal and with his cleanly shaved groin accentuating it. Pulling it upward, he began to slide it along her slit as Jessie continued to move around them, getting close and looking over his shoulder.
"Do you want it?" he asked, remembering then that she loved to be spanked and pulling his hand from her ass.
"Fuck," she whimpered, pretending to be torn. "I've got a boyfriend. Just fuck me and be done with it."
He smirked, enjoying how much she was getting into her character. In one swift move, he brought his hand down hard on her ass with a loud smack, causing her to groan in pleasure.
"Fuck," she said simply, her head drooping.
"I didn't hear you," Dex said, gripping both of her curvaceous hips.
"I've got a fucking boyfriend," she said. "Just do it already."
He raised his hand again and brought it down on the outside curve of her ass again, harder than before. A loudthwack!filled the room.
"Fuck!" she said, sliding her hips backwards. He moved his own hips back, not giving her the satisfaction until she said the words.
"Do you fucking want it?" he asked again.
She whimpered and tried to thrust backwards, then turned glaring at him dramatically. "Yes," she said weakly. "Fuck me."
He chuckled and spanked her again, hard. She whimpered, looking back at him with pleading eyes.
"Convince me," he said.
"Please," she replied. "Please fuck me."
He smirked and spanked her again as he thrust into her slowly, causing a low moan of pleasure to issue from her lips.
"God," she muttered. "Please fuck me. Please... please... please..."
He smiled and began to thrust deeply into her, the wide curves of her luscious ass contorting under his firm grip. A loudthwack!filled the room again as he spanked her on the other cheek.
She groaned and pushed back into him.
"Grab her hair," Erin said, causing him to look up and raise an eyebrow. She covered her mouth in surprise at her own outburst.
Both he and Donna laughed then, and it took a second for the two of them to regain their composure before they were playing their parts. Dex did as he was instructed though, and grabbed a handful of her hair, pulling her head back in time with his thrusts, his cock sliding deeply into her drenched cunt as she whimpered and squealed in time with his spanking.
"Whose slut are you?" he asked.
"Fuck... daddy... yours!" she spat out, practically slamming her hips back against him. He thrust hard against her hips, spanking her several times in rapid succession, both of her hips red with his impacts.
He felt her coming then, and slapped her a final time on each cheek causing her to practically screech in pleasure as she drove herself backwards into him, her head pulled backwards as he pulled on her hair.
She collapsed down to the floor as he pulled out and moved around to her face. With one hand still in her hair, he pushed the tip of his slick cock into her mouth and started to fuck her face. She whimpered weakly, having only enough strength to keep her lips over her teeth as he thrust into her mouth and then throat.
She groaned around his shaft, but then whimpered and weakly opened her eyes as he began to stroke his cock above her face.
"Make sure you tell your boyfriend where I came," he said. He felt his orgasm peak then, and grunted as he aimed the tip of his fat cock-head to her face. She turned her cheek then, still playing her part, and winced as a fat spray of cum hit her face.
She whimpered, pretending to be unable to control herself, and quickly latched her lips onto his shaft to catch the rest of his cum, spraying into her mouth as she gulped it noisily down. Slipping down to his butt, she came up over the top of him and continued sucking, even deepthroating his cock again as he finished cumming.
Groaning, he lay down flat on his back as she sucked, looking up at him with seemingly renewed strength. Moving down between his legs, she looked up at him from just below his shaft.
"You can have me whenever you want me, daddy," she said. "I'll be such a good little slut for you."
Her lips slid over the mushroom head of his still erect cock. Apparently she wanted another load, and she wasn't messing around with it.
Her hand quickly formed a ring just outside of her mouth and she began to stroke-suck along the entire length of his cock.
Jessie was close with the camera, standing over Dex's body and filming his view of Donna's gorgeous face pleasuring his immense cock. Her lips slid down the entire length without resistance, the tip of his cock going into her throat again and again. He didn't even need to pull her face down, she was sucking so intensely.
Dexter knew it would be a few minutes before he could possibly have another orgasm, but it felt too good to stop.
"Are you close?" Jessie asked, a few minutes of solid stroke-sucking later.
"No, but it feels incredible," he said.
She giggled and set the camera down. "Good job guys!" she said, as Donna finally stopped sucking with a pout.
"I wanted another load," she said.
"Too bad!" Jessie said. "Next one is mine!"
Dex chuckled and then stood, offering Donna a hand. He walked her to the shower and let her rinse off, then went back to the living room. Realizing that he was still very hard and very naked, he apologized to Erin as she gathered her things to leave.
"I'm sorry about this," he said, covering himself up. "And I'm sorry everything got a little crazy."
"It's not a problem," she said with a smile. "I'll see you two tomorrow!"
Jessie walked outside with her while Dex went to Jessie's bedroom.
Laying down on the bed, he smiled and thought back to what had just happened. He was really beginning to enjoy Jessie's crazy little schemes.