Days passed since Amy gave herself to Mbutu, her middle aged Congolese hero who'd rescued her from a man who tried to force himself on her. Amy wondered why he hadn't returned to her hut since. She had plenty of work to occupy herself, and she wasn't exactly looking for any long term commitments being a married woman. Still, it wasn't something she was used to, getting laid by a guy and then nothing.
Then she started to notice that in fact it was rare to see repeat visitors to the hut. It ended up being different men each night. It seemed relationships were all free, whether being man and woman, or parent and child. Amy had learned about polygamous African cultures that relied upon the community to raise their young in her courses in anthropology; it turned out she was living among one now, which begged the question: was her presence in the village a threat to their native culture? After all, this village was a fascinating subject of its own worth studying, and this fact probably made it far more valuable in this regard than as a place to be "improved upon" with outside influences. Just because they were naked and all the ladies got pregnant earlier than would be practical in the west doesn't mean that the village as a whole wasn't healthy and happy. Furthermore it was becoming clear that the only person really changing around here was Amy.
Two weeks had passed since then. Mbutu still hadn't come. Amy resolved to talk to the young man who was proficient in English about the custom for a better understanding.
"I've noticed that no man visits our hut on two nights in a row. Is there a reason for this?" she asked somewhat awkwardly while blushing.
"In fact, we have a rule about visiting huts. We have several rules that govern the village that you may pick up on your own. For visiting huts, seven days should pass before returning to a hut. And three should pass before visiting any hut again," he replied.
"Right," she replied. "For the sake of recovery."
This made perfect sense. For a village that seemed to have very limited worldly education and knowledge, they certainly used some methods that bespoke of traditional wisdom. Still, this wasn't much of a help to Amy. She had fantasies of Mbutu's cock entering her, her guiding his slick, hot, and hard cock into her vagina with each stroke, rubbing his heavy balls as they would near her, anticipating the hot load that would soon fill her womb. Would he ever be back?
It wasn't long after that Amy was out gathering wood with some of the other ladies. During this excursion they had traveled farther than she'd been from the village since arriving. It was during this outing that the group was threatened by a lioness out in search of food. The other ladies managed to get away, but Amy was stuck while the lioness cornered her, closing in on her kill. Despite Amy's shouting and arm flailing, the lioness's attack was imminent. Suddenly, Rafiti came in running at breakneck speed holding a long spear, and he lunged toward the feline. It heard him coming and was able to dodge his attack, but rather than fight back, it chose to run away. Amy had been saved yet again by one of the village men thanks to their network of getting the word out and responding quickly.
Amy approached Rafiti, a youngish man of approximately 23 years of age, lean build, approximately 6'2" and hung like a horse. She put a hand over her heart, gave a little bow as was the custom and uttered the local dialect word for thank you.
Rafiti simply nodded and went off pursuing his daily duties. Amy swooned as yet another of the villagers had risked their well-being to protect her. She hoped that she would get the chance to repay him soon.
Sure enough, that night Rafiti paid her hut a visit. He mainly looked at Amy's co-inhabitants for a sign of interest. Sure enough, out of the corner of his eye, he saw Amy, giving him the signal to join him. If you could see red in an African's face when he blushed, you would have seen Rafiti completely red in the face. Alas, his skin was so dark, there was literally no way of knowing.
More uninhibited and eager than ever, Amy grabbed his third leg and instantly began blowing him faster than a five-dollar whore saving up for cheap booze. Rafiti's cock hardened faster than most hut visitors as Amy's beautiful mouth and face were devoted to getting him off. Amy simultaneously rubbed her twat in anticipation of the onslaught she was about to endure with her womanhood. She'd been thinking about this moment all day, hoping her new hero would come to claim his reward.
Then, grabbing his cock with her right hand, she leaned back on the cot dragging him by the cock and aiming it straight for her cunt while spreading her legs widely. Soaked to the brim, Rafiti effortlessly pushed in while Amy pulled him into her. Balls deep in the first stab, Rafiti couldn't believe how ready this exotic American slut was for his cock. Almost immediately he began fucking Amy's cunt with rapidity and force expected of a man his age. Amy truly was ready as she began moaning and encouraging Rafiti in the native tongue. She'd seen and heard so much sex in the hut for the last two months, it was as if she could communicate sex in the local dialect almost perfectly.
Rafiti, being a young buck, and due to his being with the highly sought after Amy, was quicker to nut than either of them would have preferred. Rafiti gave a final thrust as his overly sensitive cock exploded inside Amy's tightness, while Amy was left wanting for an orgasm of her own. She would have to achieve this solo and later. Unless...
Amy, speaking the local tongue to Rafiti, asked if there were any others looking to go tonight that might be interested. It sounded something like: "Other man want sex me now?"
Rafiti nodded and straightforth exited the hut.
Amy looked around and thankfully she didn't receive any admonishing looks. Apparently it wasn't the first time one of the ladies hadn't been satisfied and requested backup. Thank God for that, Amy thought.
Also thankfully, only one additional man appeared, and he too was relatively young. It was Wababwe, who happened to look strikingly similar to Mbutu, though in the village no one ever really knew for sure who was whose father. To be sure, you never saw older men with the younger ladies. If the village understood any science at all, it was not to take risks potentially getting your own daughter pregnant. The few times an older man copulated with a younger woman that Amy had seen, he'd pulled out prior to cumming.
Wababwe was equally hung as Rafiti, and looked younger still. Entering the hut already hard, he looked about 11 inches, hard as rock, and thick like a summer sausage. He aimed straight for Amy who lay in the same position, legs spread wide, pussy aimed at Wababwe who got right in there, immediately filling Amy with solid meat. Picking up where she'd left off, and not leaving anything to chance, Amy began rubbing her clit in such a way as not to interfere with Wababwe's thrusts.
Amy couldn't believe how good it felt to be filled by all that man meat. Each of them were so hung, and so erect, so hot, so silky, so perfect.
Wababwe was loving it. Amy could tell by his facial expression and his rock hard cock. He was the third man in the village to have gotten the chance to bed Amy, and he didn't hesitate: even if it was sloppy seconds
Amy was close to climax but she didn't want it just yet. She reached under her leg and felt Wababwe's young balls as he bounced up and down on Amy's white skin. Although she wasn't quite as white as she'd been when she'd arrived due to all the sun exposure, she was still hundreds of shades whiter than all the other ladies. Wababwe kept looking down at his penis as it entered Amy's hot pussy. It must have been quite a sight for a native to experience. To be sure, Amy too enjoyed watching as the monster would disappear and then reappear glistening with her female fluids (and that of Rafiti).
Amy was finally nearing climax. Wababwe was still stiff as a board, his pace began to quicken as Amy's hand swathed back and forth over her clit faster and faster.
"Yes, do me faster, faster, oh my God, I think I'm gonna cum, yes, yes!" Amy chanted as her hand went back and forth like she was trying to polish her pussy. Wababwe kept hammering away, his massive cock just wrecking Amy as he started banging harder and harder, pushing Amy further along the cot, moving the cot closer to the wall of the hut.
"Yes, yes, just like that, fuck me, yes, ah, yes, ah... Ugh! Oh my God, yes, I'm cumming, oh my God..." Amy moaned as she reached climax, her pussy flooding her hole and tightening around Wababwe's cock, who proceeded to fuck her ever more slick pussy until he himself thrust one last time, balls deep, and shot his heavy load deeply into Amy's cunt. He literally poured what must have been four ounces of semen deep into Amy's womb. Amy just held him there as he started to pump a few last times, trying to unload every drop that he could into the village's newest member.
When Wababwe pulled out, Amy's pussy gushed at least two of the ounces of semen, pouring out of her pussy and onto her cot. Her eyes held his as he stood up, thanked her silently for giving him a good fucking, and then he turned and left.
At last, Amy had reached climax. She closed her legs, turned over and went to sleep.
Word was getting out in the village: Amy was a freak, and she was suddenly open to fucking any guy with a cock and two balls. To be sure, it was difficult for Amy not to think about all that black cock. For her, one exists in society with clothes, and they're able to put sex out of their brain until the mood strikes in other ways. Here in this nude village, cock was everywhere. It's practically all she could think about as she saw the men come and go, talking, eating, working, hunting, and at night, fucking. And they were ALL showers. Their limp cocks were all big and long, not like some of the white guys she blew off in college whose cocks would grow from two inches limp to seven when hard.
That afternoon while Amy was going to collect water, she bumped into a man who'd seen her first. Given that he'd heard all the action about Amy, his cock was not in the down position. His cock had been filling with blood while observing Amy's slender white body, hands over her head carrying the water pot, beautiful supple tits out and blonde armpits exposed.
Amy paused in her tracks as they were passing and greeted him.
"Hello," he returned in the native language, followed by, "I'm Jobo."
"Jobo, are you free right now?" she asked. "You look like you could use some help," she said in her best effort with the local dialect, gesturing toward his cock.
Smiling, he helped Amy with her water pot and followed her behind a nearby boulder. Once behind the boulder, while Jobo put the water pot down, Amy was already on her knees to greet Jobo's increasingly hard cock.
Grabbing Jobs's cock as if inspecting it, (back in English and likely unintelligible to Jobo) "Oh yes, look at these big balls and this hard cock! You need assistance immediately!" She immediately began sucking Jobo while placing her hands on his hips.
It was early afternoon and the sun shone brightly on Jobo and Amy while she continued to throat his longfellow; therefore, Jobo got an unprecedented view of Amy in action unmatched by previous villagers. Her gorgeous skin, her beautiful hair, eyes and lips, were all on display while she feasted on his meat. He casually rubbed her hair, caressed her shoulders, reached down and rubbed her supple breasts hanging naturally in front of her, and pinched her nipples that already stuck out proudly.
(Again in English) "Mmm, you like my boobies, don't you? It feels nice when you rub them like that!" she encouraged on deaf ears.
With her mouth off of his cock, Jobo took the opportunity to lie down on the dirt and waive her over to sit on his cock. She went ahead and straddled Jobo reverse cowgirl style. It was what she was used to when she rode cock. His cock stood erect while Amy bent her legs and slowly aimed his cock at her hole. She spat in her right hand and rubbed the saliva all over his thick cockhead before guiding it with her right hand past her opening.
"Oh fuck, you're so thick!" she moaned. "What have you been feeding this thing?"
Jobo lifted his hips gently in anticipation of her vagina enveloping his shaft.
"Ah, slowly, slowly... You're so big!" she moaned.
Amy slowly lowered her ass as Jobo's cock disappeared deeper into her pink cunt. She slowly acclimated to his cock sinking and rising, going lower progressively until she finally got all the way down. Jobo's cock was hot in her pussy, also hot from her getting aroused by the sight of Jobo's semi-hard cock in passing as well as from sucking him for a steady moment. She needed a moment to fully reacclimate to such a large unit.
Finally, she got on her knees while in reverse-cowgirl as her legs were already a little tired from crouching while sucking his cock. This gave Jobo a clear look at her pussy as his cock kept getting swallowed by her wet and sticky vagina. It also gave him a good look at her tight pink asshole, winking at him as she rose and fell, rose and fell, her tight pussy causing blissful friction for the pair. Next thing she knew, he was rubbing her buttole with his thumb. She didn't protest, enjoying the feeling as she was quite the anal bitch. 'If the villagers only knew!' she thought. Still, she knew she wasn't ready for monster cock anal sex. If it was going to go down, she told herself, it would have to be with some of the smaller cocks.
Amy rode Jobo, and Jobo gazed upon Amy's ass, blissfully riding their way to sexual fulfillment. After about seven minutes, Amy dismounted and got on all fours for Jobo to finish the ritual. Jobo, about to enter her from behind was caught by surprise when Ujofee suddenly approached from behind the boulder.
After an exchange of greetings, happy in Jobo's opportunity to bang the foreigner, Ujofee turned to leave. However, when he glanced back down at Amy to take a mental image of the scenario, what he saw was Amy on all fours facing him, tits hanging down, Jobo behind her taking up position, and Amy looking him dead in the face with a lusty face. She lifted a hand and with her index finger, motioned him to approach her. Ujofee, not wanting to be rude, turned toward them, looked at Jobo who simply shrugged, and then approached Amy's face with his groin, sinking to his knees with an already half erect penis.
Ujofee was younger than any of the other villagers she'd been with. He must have been 18. His chest and pubic hair was significantly less than his fellow village men. His penis could have been smaller too, possibly due to late stage puberty and its after effects. Instead of the footlongs she'd seen, his may have been 8 or 9 inches and possibly only six inches in circumference.
It was in her mouth before he even had a chance to get settled. Even Amy was surprised by her newfound lust for cock. In college, it's just what you did...play party slut with the sorority, or doing favors for young men that treated you nicely. Here, she'd transformed from a damsel in distress that rewarded her heroes with pussy to a sex-crazed nymphomaniac lusting after any swinging dick in the jungle.
There she was, with Jobo and Ujofee, getting spitroasted by two eager black cocks. If anyone was taking advantage of anyone, it was Amy taking advantage of the two men. She loved doggystyle, and Jobo was really filling her good. Her ass was exposed in the broad daylight as Jobo continued to fuck her from behind. Add to that, Ujofee was feeding her his man sausage, and she was in seventh heaven. The friction, the attention, the liberation... nowhere on Earth could a girl be so free and fucked so well than in sub saharan Africa!
Jobo, as if possessed by Amy's cute little butthole, gave his thumb a lick and then gently wedged it inside. Amy gave off a moan that could have been interpreted as pleasure or protest. Now she had three holes getting stimulated at once. Almost immediately, Amy started nutting on Jobo's cock, her pussy getting slick all of a sudden, and heartbeat being felt around his cock. Her mouth tightened on Ujofee's cock while she paused her efforts while the wave of pleasure coursed through her body. It had been a long time since she'd experienced anal penetration. The feeling had sent through her mind a flood of happy memories of pleasuring young men with her hole, and the occasional anal orgasm that she'd experienced. It was so kinky, so naughty, so dirty.
At this point, Amy took her mouth off of Ujofee's cock and looked back at Jobo. Jobo pulled out of her pussy and his thumb from her ass. She turned around and started sucking Jobo's hard slick cock, offering her sex to Ujofee. 'It is time to get Jobo off before I get fucked raw,' Amy thought to herself. She started in on his cock, sucking it hard and fast. Jobo simply put his hands on his hips while this sex-starved white devil went to town. She could feel his cock getting more and more filled with blood as her fast blowing skills did the trick.
Meanwhile, Ujofee put his cock in Amy's pussy. Really wet from the recent climax she'd had, and loosened up well by Jobo's thicker cock, Ujofee wasn't getting much in the way of friction. He continued to thrust into Amy while she continued to blow Jobo.
The two men started talking in their language using words unfamiliar to Amy, not that she cared. It's all you hear, words you don't know, when you're immersed in a culture where the language is still new to you. She was so focused on getting Jobo to cum, anyway. Next thing she knew, Ujofee took his cock out and then pressed the head against her anal sphincter. She'd cum already, and definitely wanted to get these two studs to nut, so she continued to double down on Jobo's cock orally while Ujofee slowly edged his cock head past her anus.
Amy let out a moan while she continued to suck Jobo hard and fast. Ujofee's cock was thick inside her butt as Ujofee continued to plunge beyond her anus and thrust more cock inside. His cock was well moistened by her cunt juice, and was able to slip deeper inside her anal cavity. Amy continued to focus on the cock in her mouth while she tried her best to relax her ass for the anal penetration. It was so big!
Ujofee at last had gone in all the way. He let it sit inside Amy's ass for a moment while her anal muscles fully relaxed and acclimated to his anal intrusion. Amy kept sucking until Jobo couldn't take it any longer. His stiff cock without hardly any warning began filling her mouth and throat with pools of semen, which she expertly began to drink down. Big balls like Jobo's come with a large load, but she was hungry for validation and thirsty from working so hard, so it worked out. When it was done, she licked his cock clean before he stood up to watch the rest of the action.
At last, it was Ujofee and Amy. Amy stayed on all fours, waiting for Ujofee to begin to get off in her ass. She hadn't been fucked in her ass for about six or seven years, yet it didn't feel unfamiliar. She loved the fullness her ass was experiencing with this mildly hung Congolese native's cock in her ass. He started to fuck in and out of her ass slowly, letting her adjust more as he would pull out to the point that only his head remained, then push all the way back in to the hilt. Amy closed her eyes as she focused on the anal stimulation that she had long since been without.
Within a few minutes, Ujofee started ramming Amy's ass hard and fast. He alternating grabbing her hips, grabbing her tits, grabbing her shoulders and fucking her deeply. His cock was hard as he rode Amy's ass, the shit stains imperceptible on his hung black cock. Amy let out little moans as she continued to get filled by such a fat cock. Ujofee's cock continued to grow hard, such that he got on his feet and started to plow her ass from above, his balls swinging up and down with each thrust. Amy's gaping pussy exposed to the air as Ujofee's fat cock continued to assault downward, Jobo looked on in awe. Amy had become quite the exhibitionist... a real party slut. What would her family and friends think of her if they'd seen what she had become?
Amy started rubbing her clitoris while Ujofee kept hammering her. She could feel another climax coming as his penis continued to harden and expand inside her rectum. She couldn't remember a time when she would orgasm so much. What was it about Africa that was causing Amy to be so horny, her libido set to high?
Ujofee started saying something with a hurried voice. It sounded like he was close. Amy could feel his hard cock tensing. She rubbed her clit faster as Ujofee erupted his balls inside of Amy's asshole, hammering away inserting his seed deep in her bowels. Amy erupted into a second orgasm of her own as Ujofee's loss of control sent her over the edge, her sphincter tightening on Ujofee's cock, squeezing out every last drop of cum into her ass.
After a moment, he finally pulled out. Amy then laid on her side and rested while her body recovered from the event. It's then she noticed about five other men and two women were watching, both women sucking on the cocks of two of the guys. Apparently that's the thing here in the Congo. If you choose to do it outside, what little privacy you enjoy in the hut goes out the window. Amy's reputation as a three-hole cock whore spread throughout the village as Amy finally got up to continue her water-fetching and eventually to get a little cleaned up. No one had seemed to care before how big a slut she'd become. She settled in her mind that no one would care now either since her outdoor anal spit roast; however, her descent into debauchery had not yet reached its zenith. That is for Chapter 4...