My Perfect Woman
by Vanessa Evans
I am one of the luckiest guys in the world.
Part 1
My name is Harry, I'm 25 and I have a 23 year old girlfriend, Harper, who is slim, blonde, has 'A' cup breasts and her pussy looks like it belongs on a girl a fraction of her age, it's just as hairless as well, and that's only her physical attributes. She is a fun loving, kind, helpful, affectionate, adorable, bubbly, has amazing personality, and she's an adventurous girl who loves dares, loves the outdoor life, and best of all, she loves sex.
Early on in our relationship Harper got one of my pubic hairs caught in between her teeth and we weren't at home so she had nothing to help her remove it. Ever since we started living together Harper shaves my whole pubic region the same time that she shaves hers, which is every morning.
Another of her attributes that I just love is her wardrobe. She hates underwear saying that it is unnecessary and she loves ultra short skirts saying that longer skirts just aren't practical. Harper also tells me that another reason for her not wearing knickers is that her pussy needs to breathe.
Harper loves wearing sleeveless tops with low cut armholes that show a lot of side-boob and often her nipples as well. One type of top that Harper has a few of and wears a lot is what she calls a gypsy top. They're cut very short, more like a bra, and are a very loose fit. If she waves her arms about the tops slide down exposing her nipples.
I'm convinced that she knows when her nipples are exposed but she never does anything about it until someone says something, and there's no way that I would ever spoil her fun and tell her.
It was very early in our relationship that I discovered just how uninhibited Harper is. It was just after our second date and I was out drinking with my mates. I usually try to sit at a table with my back to a wall so that I can watch what's going on in the pub and I was in that position when Harper and a couple of her mates walked in.
While her mates went to get some drinks Harper came and stood next to me. I offered her my chair but she declined saying that she'd have to go over to her mates soon. Well, she was stood real close to me and I put my arm round her legs.
At this point you should know that we'd already fucked in the back of my car on the previous date so she wasn't shocked when my hand rested on her bare thigh.
I was pleasantly surprised when Harper spread her feet a little so I slowly slid my hand up the inside of her thigh under her very short miniskirt whilst I was introducing her to my mates. I wasn't really surprised to find that she wasn't wearing any knickers, and that her pussy was wet.
Harper didn't flinch as my thumb went into her vagina and one of my fingers started rubbing her clit. I was conscious that part of my hand may have been visible to Jason who was sat opposite me and I was also aware that Harper might know that as well but the introductory chats continued with Harper acting totally normal.
Even when I felt Harper's body tense up and her pussy clamp on my thumb, she continued the small talk with my mates.
I was sure that she'd just cum, and my mates gave no indication that they'd realised she had just cum. The conversation continued until Harper left to join her mates. As she did so she turned to face me and bent at the waist to give me a kiss before moving away.
Once she was out of hearing range Jason said,
"Bloody hell mate, you've got a winner there, sorry, I shouldn't have been looking but I couldn't help but see where your hand was, and I couldn't help seeing her bare pussy when she bent over. Did you just make her cum?
"Yes I did, and yes, I know how lucky I am, and no, I don't mind you looking at her." I replied.
"I saw all that as well." Jason added, are her mates like her as well?"
"No idea Jason, you'll have to find out for yourself."
Unlike most girls who spend ages making sure that no one can get a glimpse up their skirts or down their tops, Harper is not bothered if someone sees her tits, pussy or butt, but if she catches someone seeing those bits of her she gets quite horny.
You will never catch Harper tugging at the hem of her short skirts.
Whenever Harper is a bit nervous she has this habit of playing with the hem of her short skirt. Not pulling it down, just twisting it around her fingers. I've seen her do this a few times and sometimes as she's winding the fabric around her fingers the fabric it gets lifted up exposing her uncovered slit. I'm pretty sure that she doesn't realise what she's doing and I certainly aren't going to tell her. The first time that I noticed it was when we went on our first holiday together and we were in a car hire office. The sales guy was sat at a desk and we were stood in front of the desk and the guy was asking Harper about her driving licence.
It was the first time that Harper had driven a hire car, and they drive on the 'wrong' side of the road over there, so it was understandable that she was a little nervous. The skirt that she was wearing was of the skater design, very short and the fabric was very thin. As she wound it around her fingers the front lifted up and I saw the sales guy's face, it was priceless, especially as I was sure that Harper didn't realise what she was doing.
Harper also tells me that she she just loves going out wearing just a thin, ultra short summer dress. She says that it makes her horny knowing that all she is wearing, in public, is a thin, baggy, floaty, single layer of fabric that could get caught by the wind or fall off her quite easily if the spaghetti straps broke or came undone..
Harper is also not a big fan of makeup and on the odd occasion that she does wear some it's only lipstick and a little eye makeup. She says that women should embrace their natural self.
Harper doesn't go around naked, other than at home, and doesn't go deliberately flashing her tits or pussy, well not very often, but she sometimes engineers 'accidental' exposure and manufactures wardrobe malfunctions. She also has a very sincere way of saying,
"Oops, I didn't realise that I wasn't covered," or
"Oops, I didn't realise that this top (or skirt) was see-through."
But the glint in her eye tells me that she was happy that someone saw her goodies.
When Harper is naked at home and friends come to visit, she never rushes to put some clothes on and she is usually naked until they leave. The only exception to this is if her or my parents come to visit. However, she doesn't rush to get clothed if it is hers or my siblings who come to visit. Apparently, when her whole family lived together she pushed the boundaries and often got into trouble with her mother for not wearing enough around the house.
It's funny how visits from male friends always last longer than visits from just female friends.
Unlike most girls who spend hours doing whatever they can to protect their modest, Harper doesn't. She rarely crosses her legs when sitting and happily bends over to pick something up letting whoever see up her skirt or down her top.
Harper also gets very horny when she realises that someone has seen, or is still looking at her, bare tits or pussy.
AND I LOVE IT.
And so do my mates. I've lost count of the number of times when I've looked at any one of my mates and realised that he is looking up her skirt or down her top. They all tell me that I have a steaming hot girlfriend, and I always reply telling them that I already know that and that I lover her because of what she looks like, does and says.
I clearly remember the first time that Harper bent over in front of my mate Leo and he said,
"Bloody hell mate, I can see Harper's coin-slot pussy. Sorry mate, I shouldn't be looking, she's your girlfriend."
"That's okay Leo," I replied, "she never wears underwear and she doesn't care who gets to know that."
Harper and I often get invited to social events where we hardly knew anyone and we put it down to one guy there that we do know having told the others that Harper isn't a shy or modest girl. To these event Harper usually wear clothes that she know will give her accidental wardrobe malfunctions. I just love watching her as she goes from group to group letting them see through the fabric of her clothes or down her top or up her skirt.
As I hinted at earlier, Harper shares my love of outdoor sports and adventures and we usually go camping, hiking, rock climbing, or sailing at least once a month when the weather is good. Harper has done all those activities wearing just a short skirt and top, or less.
I love to see Harper wearing just a climbing harness.
Harper has also done a naked Bungee Jump.
We do the above outdoor activities either on our own, or with our friends. Sometimes when we are hiking on our own, Harper will strip naked and walk with me, naked except for her hiking boots that is, and we often hike the popular trails. We've met many other hikers and Harper has never had any adverse comments, only complementary ones, sometimes from other women who have said that they wished that they were as brave as Harper was.
Whenever we go camping with our mates they rarely offer to help us put our tent up and I can see them watching Harper bending over to put the pegs in, her choosing the optimal place to do that regardless of where my mates are watching her from. Whenever we are sitting around, eating, drinking or just talking, Harper often sits on the grass Indian style, not caring that just about everyone can see up her skirt to her spread pussy.
Also when we are camping with our mates they all get to hear just how enthusiastic Harper is when we are making love and she likes to leave the light on when we are not sleeping, I'm sure that our mates can see a silhouette of her riding me.
Clothes shopping is another activity that Harper enjoys and it's not uncommon for her to come out of the changing rooms to ask my opinion of different garments. I've heard a few complimentary comments from other guys who are waiting for their female partners. Especially when she pulls the curtain back to show me her in just a skirt or just a top.
I remember one little clothes shop when we were on holiday at a Mediterranean resort where Harper actually stripped totally naked in the main area of the small shop that had 2 huge windows at the front. The guy who owned the shop looked like he couldn't believe his luck when she asked if it was okay to try on a G-string and she promptly pulled her dress up and off revealing that she wore no underwear.
The owner spent ages bringing other garments to her saying that he thought she would look good in them and he always watched her strip naked and try them on.
All the time I was just stood in a corner watching Harper put on a little show for the man, and anyone who walked by and looked in.
We didn't buy anything but seeing the smile on the owner's face I got the impression that he didn't mind.
Harper hates tan lines, and when we go on holiday, or even to a beach in England, she sunbathes nude if she thinks that she can get away with it. Whenever she asks me for my opinion on that I always say,
"Try naked, if someone complains put your miniscule G-string on."
And it (she only owns the one) really is miniscule, the fabric only just covers her vulva. If / when she spreads her legs wearing that G-strings the fabric often disappears between her not so meaty lips.
We have often been pleasantly surprised at the places that Harper can sunbathe naked and get away with it. I tell her that it's because she is so beautiful and that no one could possibly object to seeing her naked, but she says that it's because no one wants to make a fuss.
Whatever the reason, Harper is happy that she can maintain her wonderful all-over tan and I am very happy to lay beside her feeling so proud of her, and so happy that she is MY girlfriend.
Talking of our Mediterranean holidays, when we are there, Harper always wears very 'floaty' summer dresses or skirts and tops. It's not that she intentionally dresses to flash people, it's because she loves the feeling of the warm air blowing up her skirts and tops. She tells me that it tickles her pussy and nipples and makes her horny. We often have to find a quiet corner where I can satisfy her horniness.
On a few occasions I have told her that her skirt is billowing out or blowing up revealing her bare butt or pussy, and all she does or say is,
"Not to worry, gravity will sort it out."
A couple of times we have been caught having sex in public. Both times when Harper has realised that we were being watched, her orgasm found new heights, and afterwards she didn't rush to put her clothes back on.
Those times that Harper and I put on at little show weren't the only times that she put on a little show. Whenever she realised that there are people watching her from the balconies of the hotel rooms either side of ours, or directly opposite us, she gets really horny and we make love out on our balcony with her continually asking me if our neighbours are watching us. When I tell her that they are her enthusiasm goes up a notch.
Harper has been photographed or videoed by strangers quite a few times. One time was when we were on a beach in England and a group of young men were walking along the water's edge. They stopped not far from Harper's feet and I watched their phones come out. I whispered to Harper that she had an audience and that she was being photographed and videoed. Her response was twofold, firstly she whispered back,
"That's okay, I don't mind."
Secondly I watched her feet shuffle apart quite a bit further than they already were.
When the young men had moved on Harper said,
"I wonder if those photos and videos will find their way onto the internet?"
I knew that she's liked that idea so I leaned over and kissed her then said,
"We could always make some videos of our own or post some of the thousands of photographs that we already have of you."
Harper's response was to turn onto her side and tell me to spoon her with my cock inside her. I did, and we had a very pleasant next 30 or so minutes as we slowly fucked on that beach.
What I haven't said about that trip to that beach is that I dared her to ride in my car totally naked for the whole 30 + mile journey there.
"Okay." Harper said as we were walking to my car from her house. She was naked before she got in the car and she stayed like that until I parked the car in the beach car park.
I had only dared her to travel TO the beach naked, but she interpreted that to mean there and back. Needless to say that I didn't correct her.
I loved it when we passed vehicles and one of the occupants looked over and saw the naked Harper. Her response was just to wave to those people.
One sunny and warm day, we sometimes decide to go for a walk round the big local park. After we'd been strolling for a few minutes I dared her to take her tank top off, and she did. A few minutes after that I said,
"If going topless here doesn't bother you, I dare you to give me your skirt."
And she did. We walked for a good 30 minutes with me holding the hand of the naked 23 year old girl. I was so proud of her whilst she just acted as if it was perfectly normal to walk around the park naked. We did however, get a few people staring at her but not one said a word. Well that's not quite true, every time we met other people on the path Harper said something like,
"Hi, nice day for a stroll."
As I said, never once did anyone say anything bad to us, only "hello" back, although I can't blame them for staring, who wouldn't want to look at a beautiful, naked 23 year old girl.
Another, regular dare comes from either me or one of my mates, or their girlfriends, when we are out drinking. Harper often gets dared to walk from the pub building to our car totally naked at the end of the evening. I haven't kept a record of which of my friends have dared her to do this naked walk but I'm pretty sure that all my male mates have dared her to do this, and a couple of their girlfriends as well.
This last summer, one of our friends dared Harper to ride in London's version of the World Naked Bike Ride. Without a second thought she agreed to the dare then started thinking about how we could manage to do it. I had to buy a bike roof rack for my car but it was worth it to see her pedalling round the streets of London totally naked.
On a weekend, when the weather is good and we aren't going away anywhere, Harper can be spotted sunbathing in our back garden, naked of course. Our neighbour on one side is a nice, friendly old man, Tom, who lives on his own. He often takes deliveries for us and we often chat over the fence. Harper is quite happy for him to see her sunbathing naked, telling me that she likes to spread a little happiness to nice people.
Our neighbours on the other side are a couple not much older than Harper and I. They are madly in love, like Harper and I, and the wife doesn't mind the husband looking at Harper. She says that she know that her hubby loves her and would never leave her. She has also joined Harper on the odd occasion when the weather and work commitments have allowed.
I've seen the wife naked too but I much prefer every aspect of Harper.
As I said earlier, Harper is often naked when anyone comes to visit us, and occasionally some of my mates come round for an evening of video games. Harper can't be bothered with video games, but she is happy to serve us with drinks and snacks, and she never bothers to put any clothes on. There is a chance, but Harper won't admit it, that she deliberately stays naked so that my mates are distracted, thus giving me an advantage in the games that I usually win when we are playing them at our house.
Harper works in an office where the management are quite relaxed about the 'smart and casual' dress code. Harper says that she doesn't deliberately flash her tits or pussy to the guys who work there, but a girl colleague has told her that there have been a few accidental exposures. Harper has recently been promoted but she tells me that it is because of her abilities, not her accidental exposures. Who knows?
Not only is Harper very athletic, and almost tomboyish, she is very sensual and can dance in the sexiest way. The lap dances that she has given me are out of this world. Harper gets home from work before I do and if I have had an exhausting day she can revive me in no time.
Harper's adventurous nature extends to sex as well. She will try anything. She loves being fucked in any and every position that we can think of. There have been a few times when I have got a little worried that my cock might break off. Harper loves to be deep throated and I have lost count of the number of times that she has been laying across the bed or the dining table with her head over the side with my cock balls deep down her throat. Thankfully, Harper soon managed to overcome the gag reflex and she trusts me to pull out before she suffocates.
Another way that she loves my cock in her throat is for her to lay on her back on the floor the push her torso up so that she is supported by just her hands and feet. Then with her head back I partially squat at her head and fuck her throat whilst l lean forwards and rub her clit.
Our sex fun is not restricted to the bedroom. In the house we have had sex in many positions in all the rooms, and that includes the garage and the back garden. The only place that we haven't fucked yet is in the front garden. We both agree that doing it there would be pushing our luck a bit too far.
When we are out walking we are always looking for places where we use natural of man-made features to let us try fuck in a slightly different way and in a public location. Judging by Harper's enthusiasm I'm sure that she hopes that we'll get caught.
Harper also likes being tied up and blindfolded, preferably spread eagle and totally naked. She says that the helplessness and vulnerability of the situation is such a turn-on for her. A couple of times now I have invited a friend over to torment her. He arrived after she was restrained and blindfolded. She could hear his voice close to her and she didn't know which of us was doing what to her, and that includes fucking her mouth and pussy. She still doesn't know because I refuse to tell her.
We've discussed Harper having a gang-bang and she can't wait for me to arrange one.
On the subject of being tied up, one day I playfully ties her wrists and ankles to the corners of our bed then I got out her magic wand and held it against her clit. She orgasmed quickly but I wanted to see if she'd cum again so I kept holding it against her clit. She came again.
Harper asked me to stop but the look on her face told me that she was really enjoying it so I kept the want in place. Five orgasms later she looked shattered so I switched the wand off and when she able she begged me to properly fuck her and for me to 'torture' her again like that. In spite of her almost begging me to stop she had really enjoyed the experience and wanted it again, but not right then.
Unsurprisingly, I have 'tortured' her like that quite a few times and every time she begs me to fuck her properly and to 'torture' her again sometime.
We've been experimenting with spanking. So far we've discovered that as long as I don't break any of her skin, she likes it and my spanking her has made her cum twice so far. Harper is still deciding is she wants to take it further and maybe get other people to spank her.
One thing that Harper has quite a few of is dildos and vibrators. Since we moved in together she has a preference for wearing one of her remote controlled vibrators whenever I'm not around, and this includes when she's at work. Harper loves me making her cum when she's at her desk or in meetings.
The same colleague that told Harper that she sometimes accidentally flashes her pussy at work has also told her that she has seen the pink antenna of her Lush a few times, and if she has then other people probably have.
Harper tells me that each time she is told that she's exposing something, her pussy tingles and gets quite wet for a few hours.
I am an architect, albeit still not a very experienced one yet, but our company recently got awarded a major contract that is so big that they had to hire someone who has the experience of such a huge project. All the young architects, like me, were very keen to work on the project and as soon as this guy, Luke, arrived we were all vying to be part of the new team.
When I told Harper about this she immediately told me that she wanted to meet this Luke guy, telling me that she was sure that she could persuade him to promote me onto his new team.
Luke is from across the country and he is living in a big hotel and when I told Harper which hotel it was she told me to find out if Luke went home for weekends or if he stayed at the hotel. The following week I overheard a conversation between Luke and my boss and Luke said that he was staying in the hotel that coming weekend and that he'd be having a leisurely weekend in the spa.
When I told this to Harper she told me to book the weekend at the hotel.
"What are you up to Harper?" I asked.
"You get me into that hotel and near this Luke guy and I'll almost guarantee you a place on his team."
"Are you going to seduce him Harper, let him fuck you?"
"Would that bother you if I did Harry?"
"I guess not, I suppose that he is sort of handsome for his age."
"How old is he?"
"I'd guess at mid forties."
"Oh, thank gawd, for one second I imagined him being on the verge of retirement, I'd hate for him to drop dead when he's fucking me."
"Funny, but you do get quite active when we are fucking."
"Not complaining are you Harry?"
"Hell no, I love our love-making sessions and I don't want them to change for the next 100 years."
"Right then, get that hotel booked."
The next day I went online, researched the hotel and its facilities, then booked a room for Harper and I for the Friday and Saturday nights.
Over the next few days I did my best to listen to all Luke's social conversations and on the Friday lunchtime Luke left the office followed shortly after by me. I'd phoned Harper and I picked her up on the way to the hotel.
During the journey Harper told me that she'd popped out from work that morning to try to buy a tiny bikini but hadn't been able to find a suitable one so she'd bought a skimpy, bra and G-string set that she hoped that no one would complain about. When I asked her why people might complain she pulled it out of the bag and I saw that all 3 triangles were very small and slightly see-through.
"Wow," I said, "I can't wait to see you wearing that, but no one in their right mind would complain at such a gorgeous sight."
"Thanks lover, but I only want to wear it when I have to, you know that I prefer to be naked."
We checked-in and managed to get to our room without seeing Luke. Harper's plan was that we would wander around the hotel with me being very careful to make sure that If / when I saw Luke, I could quickly change direction so that Luke didn't see me, then I'd leave it to Harper for a while. Harper had changed into just an ultra short, low cut dress with the hope that Luke would be attracted to what he saw, especially as Harper intended to start talking to him.
We spotted Luke heading towards the Wellness Spa and we held back until we saw him enter. Once we were sure that he had gone in there we rushed back to our room where Harper grabbed her 'bikini' and rushed back to the Wellness Spa leaving me to do whatever for a while, then go and join her later.
After Harper had changed into her 'bikini' she went looking for Luke and unfortunately she saw him in the workout room. As Harper wasn't exactly dressed to go in that room she went to the Sauna / Steam Room and lay on one of the loungers there, looking at a magazine and hoping that Luke would eventually decide to have a Sauna or whatever.
Harper moved the lounger so that she could see both rooms there, and the door to the little swimming pool.
Harper got quite bored waiting, but around 25 minutes later Luke walked through the door to the pool and 2 minutes later so did Harper.
Luke was doing lengths so Harper dove in and quickly realised that the lingerie bra and G-string set that she was wearing as a bikini wasn't really up to the job of being used as a swimming costume. She felt the bra go all askew leaving her nipples exposed. She could also feel that the bottoms had slipped down a little, leaving the front of her slit exposed. As she was mostly under the water she ignored these wardrobe malfunctions.
Harper started swimming lengths as well but every time that she got close to Luke she 'accidentally' bumped into him. After the third time Luke stopped at the shallow end and waited for Harper to come to that end of the pool. When she got there she stood up and apologised saying that she had real trouble going in a straight line.
Harper could see that Luke's eyes were looking below her face and at her partially exposed tits. Harper started a conversation whilst totally ignoring her exposure which Luke didn't mention. After a while Luke told Harper that he was going to go to the Sauna. Harper said that she thought that that was good idea and that she would go too.
Harper was nearest the little ladder to get out of the pool and as she started to climb out she could feel that both parts of her 'bikini' were doing a woeful job of covering her assets. Luke was right behind her and she knew that he was getting a great view of her butt and pussy.
As Harper walked to the Sauna she looked around and saw that the other hotel guests were ignoring her exposure. It wouldn't have bothered her if they were staring at her, it was just that she didn't want any unwanted intervention by one of the only 2 staff members that she'd seen since she got there.
It was only when Harper was followed into the Sauna by Luke and she sat on one of the benches, that she looked down and saw the state of her 'bikini'.
"Oops," Harper said, "I think that perhaps I should have bought a proper bikini, these are useless at covering my goodies when they get wet. Err, would you mind if I took them off? I'm Harper by the way."
"Not at all Harper," Luke replied, "I'm Luke and you're right, those 3 pieces of fabric aren't doing a very good job."
Harper then removed the bra and G-string and put them on the higher bench leaving her totally naked in front of the only other person in the Sauna, Luke.
As Harper sat sideways, facing Luke, on the bench she did 2 things, firstly she lowered one foot onto the floor and secondly, she started a small talk conversation with Luke. As they talked Harper watched Luke's swimming shorts change shape in the front.
Luke told Harper that he was staying at the hotel because of his job and Harper told Luke that she was there on what was supposed to be a romantic weekend away with her boyfriend but he'd had to stay in their room doing some urgent work via his laptop. She had no idea how long he would be, but guessed that it could be quite a while.
After saying that, Luke started to hit on Harper a bit, and she did nothing to put him off her. Quite the opposite, she scratched an imaginary itch at the side of her labia and as she did so, she made sure that it was spread wide.
The scratching turned to rubbing her fingers up and down her slit, letting out a little moan each tine she rubbed her clit.
"Oh, this is getting too much for me," Harper said, not saying if it was the heat or her pussy administrations. "I think that I'll have a quick shower then go into the Steam Room."
Harper got to her feet, picked up her 'bikini' and left the Sauna. Leaving her 'bikini' with her towel, Harper had a quick, cold, shower then went into the Steam Room which really lived up to its name, she could hardly see a thing in there. She couldn't say for sure but she thought that she was the only person in there.
It wasn't long before she heard the door open and she could make out the figure of Luke. She quickly spread her legs and started finger fucking herself.
Luke sat opposite her and the small talk continued with Harper fingering herself and letting out a few moans, loud enough for Luke to hear her.
"Are you masturbating over there Harper?" Luke finally asked.
"Yes, I was hoping that my boyfriend would have come down here by now but I really need some relief, its' been a long, frustrating day and I was really looking forward to him taking care of me by now."
"I guess that I could help you with that problem Harper, if you want me to that is?"
"Would you mind Luke, it looks like my boyfriend isn't going to help me."
Luke stood up and he moved over to her, Harper saw that he wasn't wearing his swimsuit, he was as naked as she was.
Harper reached for his hard cock and after wanking him for a few seconds, pointed it to her pussy and they had a very hot and slippery fuck, Harper cumming first, quickly followed by Luke.
As they both sat side by side, Harper said,
"I shouldn't really have let you do that to me, that's the first time that I've been unfaithful to my boyfriend."
"No, and I shouldn't have encouraged you Harper, my wife will kill me if she finds out."
"You're married Luke!? You didn't tell me. Oh my gawd, we're both right in the brown stuff."
"Let's us both make a pact Harper, what happens in the Steam Room stays in the Steam Room."
"Deal." Harper replied, "no one else will ever know. Now, I'm getting too hot again. I'm going for a shower then back to my room to see if my boyfriend is going to give me some attention."
"Your secret is safe with me Harper." Luke replied.
"And yours with me Luke, although I doubt that our paths will ever cross again." Harper replied.
Harper left the Steam Room, had a shower then went to the ladies changing room to get dressed.
*****
"Did you fuck him then Harper?"
Were my first words when she came into our room and I started taking her dress off.
"Yes, and I'm pretty sure that he's feeling a little guilty."
"I hope so."
"Shall we go down to the bar for a drink?" Harper asked.
"Not yet lover, you have something to take care of first."
"I was hoping that you'd say that Harry."
Ninety minutes later we did make it down to the bar. Harper was wearing just a simple, little black dress. It's loose fitting, quite short, has string shoulder straps and is very low-cut at both the front and back. When she leans forwards, anyone in front of her can see both her small tits as the fabric sags down and away from her chest.
Harper's choice of what to wear was made by both of us as we wanted (hoped) for her to be able to tease Luke for the rest of the evening.
We sat at a table near the entrance, Harper with her back to the door and me where everyone entering the room would see me. We'd just finished our second drink when Luke walked in and saw me. Coming over to me he asked what I was doing there.
"Just come for a romantic getaway with my girlfriend Luke, Luke this is Harper, Harper this is Luke from work."
You should have seen Luke's face when he looked down at the smiling Harper. It was a mixture of embarrassment and shock.
"Hello Luke pleased to meet you, are you one of Luke's bosses that work him so hard?"
The smiling Harper said as she looked up to Luke and saw his eyes looking down the top of her dress.
I'd got to my feet to greet Luke and I could see both of Harper's tits so I knew that Luke could as well.
Luke was still staring at Harper's tits as I said,
"Join us for a drink Luke, here, sit in this chair and I'll go and order us some drinks, what would you like?"
Luke was obviously caught off balance and he sat on the chair that I offered. It was directly opposite Harper and the glass top of the table meant that Luke was now seeing the view that I'd had seen since we arrived in the bar. Harper was sat on the front edge of her chair with her knees apart and I'd been enjoying the view of her shiny, coin slot pussy with her clit being the only thing poking out between her outer labia. The view that Luke now had was probably better than the poorly lit Sauna ans Steam Room.
I gave a waiter who was walking through the bar our order and went back to Harper and Luke.
"So Luke, I didn't know that they were putting you up here."
"Err yes, this big project can afford to let me stay here."
"I hear that it has a great Wellness Spa, Harper went there earlier."
"It has," Luke replied looking a bit flustered.
I then let Luke off the hook a bit as I started asking him questions about where he was from and what big projects that he'd worked on. All the time I could see that his eyes were looking through the glass table at the smiling Harper's legs and pussy. From where I was sat I could only partially see Harper's pussy but I could see that she looked to be getting wetter. My girlfriend was enjoying having Luke look at her pussy.
The conversation went on, Luke and I mainly talking about work and where we came from. I tried my best to keep Harper in the conversation even though I knew that she would have been happy with just Luke staring at her pussy.
We got talking about Harper. Where she worked and similar things, but towards the end of that part of the conversation I said,
"Harper is quite adventurous Luke, for example she likes dares."
"Oh yes, what sort of dares?"
"Well I like to make them sort of sexy, little naughty challenges for her."
"Why don't you give her one now Harry?"
I looked around then said to Harper,
"Harper, I dare you to make yourself cum right here and now."
"Really Harry," Harper replied," you're daring me to get myself off here, with Like and everyone else in the room watching?"
"You don't have to get on the table Harper, just lay back and let your finger do the work."
And she did. Luke had been looking at her bare pussy ever since he'd arrived in the bar but when she started masturbating the poor guy's jaw dropped a bit and his face went all red, but his eyes were glued to her pussy.
Harper likes to moan when she masturbates, but she can do it silently when she has to, and this was one of those times. What she couldn't disguise was the jerking that always accompanies her orgasms. I don't think that of the other bar's patrons noticed, but who know, who cares, Harper certainly didn't.
"Please don't dare me to give to give you a blowjob in here Harry." Harper said when she was able to.
"Don't worry lover," I replied, "that would embarrass me as well as you."
After quite a while I said that Harper and I had a table booked in the restaurant and that we should be going there. Harper jumped in and invited Luke to join us.
"Oh no I couldn't. I'm sure that you two love birds want to be alone."
"It's fine Luke, there's no need to be polite, join us."
I nearly added that Luke could stare at Harper's body some more, but I managed to stop myself.
That agreed, Harper got to her feet but she had somehow managed to hold the back of her dress up and she was stood there for a few seconds, naked from her waist to her feet.
"Oops, sorry about that," Harper said as she straightened her dress, "this fabric tends to stick to itself for some reason."
Luke didn't see me smiling as I led the way to the restaurant holding Harper's hand with Luke following us. Harper 'accidentally' dropped her little bag and I just knew that Luke got a great view of her bare butt and pussy as she bent to pick it up with straight knees.
The conversation over dinner drifted from one subject to another and I was sure that Harper was a little disappointed that Luke, nor I, could see her pussy. But she did manage to bend forwards a lot and I knew that each time she did Luke would be able to see her tits. The waiters probably had a good view as well.
At one point Harper asked Luke if he'd recruited his team for his project but I intervened saying that I was sure that Luke would pick the best people for his team when he was ready.
Luke agreed then Harper asked,
"So when this project is up and running, will members of your team have to be on-site leaving you back in this hotel on your own?"
Harper was putting ideas into Luke's head, especially when she added that if I was away from home I might just have to pay for her to come and stay at the hotel because she'd heard that they give amazing massages in the Spa.
I quickly changed the subject, leaving Luke with more ideas in his head.
The conversations, and 4 bottles of wine, were finally finished around 11 pm and we decided that it was time to call it a day. We were on a lower floor than Luke, and after Harper and I got out of the lift and started walking down the corridor, which was straight in front of the lift doors, I pulled Harper's dress up and off her. As I did so, I looked back and saw that Luke had kept the lift doors open and was watching us.
It was another couple of hours before Harper and I finally got to sleep, both of us quite exhausted.
*****
The sun shining through the open curtains woke me up and as I was slowly fucking Harper from behind to wake her up I looked out of the window and wondered if anyone in the hotel opposite us had watched up making love.
I quickly forgot about that when Harper opened her eyes and said,
"Eat me please lover."
Thirty minutes later we got up, showered and dressed and just made it to breakfast in time. As we sat in the almost empty breakfast room we talked about what we wanted to do that day. Harper wanted to go to the Spa for a massage which was fine by me, I know that my massages are nowhere as near good as the professional ones although I wondered if the professionals finished their massages like I do, by fingering Harper until she cums. I wouldn't mind watching the professional working on Harper to see if I could get any tips.
We finally agreed that Harper would go for a massage, if they could fit her in, whilst I would go and look around the Computer Fayre that was happening in one of the function rooms, then later I'd meet her by the pool. We decided to not go looking for Luke, nor Harper trying to seduce him again. We decided that we'd probably done enough to get me a job in his team, and if he didn't make me part of his team I would remind him that he was married and that he'd seduced my girlfriend.
"Are you going to be okay wearing just that lingerie bra and G-string as a bikini?" I asked as we walked back to our room.
"I don't see why not,"Harper replied, "okay there were very few people there yesterday evening but none of them complained. Anyway, I won't be wearing them when we go into the Sauna or the Steam Room."
"It's Saturday, there might be some kids there."
"There shouldn't be, anyway, there are big signs up saying that under 18s aren't allowed in either room."
"The under 18s wouldn't complain anyway, it's only the molly codling parents that would complain."
"True."
"And who in their right mind would complain about seeing a naked beauty like you Harper."
"Aww, you always say the right thing Harry, come on, let's go."
We split up when we got down to the lobby.
The Computer Fayre was big, but not that exciting, I didn't see anything that I wanted, and about an hour later I headed to the Wellness Spa to have a swim then relax waiting for Harper to appear. I didn't see Harper anywhere so I decided to try the Sauna and the Steam Room. She wasn't in the Sauna and the Steam Room was so full of steam that I couldn't really tell who was in there. I could see a couple shapes of people but that was it.
I made my way to the back, bumping into a couple of legs on the way. As I sat there listening to the background music I was surprised at the temperature in there, I'd expected it to be much higher than it was. I closed my eyes and relaxed.
After a while I realised that I could see the shape of what looked like 2 people making out. I smiled to myself and thought,
"Go for it mate."
When I opened my eyes again the shapes were gone and I was starting to get a bit hot so I made my way out, bumping into more legs, then I had a shower and went out to the pool, not bothering to look for Harper in the Sauna.
I grabbed one of the loungers, looked for Harper in the pool, then relaxed. There were only 4 people in the pool, all adults, with one being a young woman that made for good eye candy.
When Harper finally arrived she was only wearing the lingerie bra and G-string and she looked stunning, albeit with wet hair. Her 'bikini' wasn't looking very 'straight' on her, it was clinging to her skin like paint, and that included into her slit, apart from the bulge of her clit. I thought that it made a perfect camel toe.
"Where have you been, and what have you been up to?" I asked as Harper pulled another lounger next to mine and lay reclined like I was.
"Well lover, you're never going to believe this. For starters I managed to get a massage straight away, and with a male masseur. He confused me a bit start off with when he asked me if I wanted a happy ending."
"A happy ending, what's that?" I asked him.
"I'll come to that Harry. Not knowing what a happy ending was, and being the adventurous type, I said that I would. The massage started as I expected, with me naked, face down with a little towel covering my butt.
I have to say that he was good and I felt very relaxed and good. When he finally got to my butt the towel was taken off and he got to work. I didn't realise until his fingers slid right up my thighs and probably, accidentally, touched my slut, but my legs had moved apart so I was giving him a great view and easy access to my pussy.
When his fingers slid up my thighs again they touched my clit and I couldn't stop myself from moaning. He did that 3 more times and by that time I was convinced that it was deliberate.
Then he asked me to turn over and when I had he offered me that stupid little towel to cover my pussy but I told him not to bother. This time, spreading my legs was a conscious decision and my feet moved to the edges of the table.
Again, he worked his magic with his fingers and when he finally moved to my little tits he massaged them just as good as you do Harry. I don't understand what twisting and pulling my nipples has to do with a massage but I didn't care, he got me really turned on and I wondered if he was going to make me cum just by working on my nipples.
He didn't, and I relaxed as his hands moved down.
Oh my gawd, sorry Harry, but that guy is a real expert at manipulating a girl's pussy. His fingers took me right to the edge then backed off to let me come back from the edge. The bastard did that 4 times before he finally took me over the edge. I really do know now what he meant by a happy ending."
"So you enjoyed your massage then Harper?"
"I did, but don't get jealous Harry, I still love yours."
"You know that I don't get jealous Harper, not even when Luke fucked you last night."
"I'm getting to that Harry. When I was finally able to leave the massage room I went to put my 'bikini' on and had a quick look round the pool. I didn't see you so I decided to go and relax in the Steam Room. Just as I was taking my 'bikini' off to go in there, Luke appeared wearing just his swimming shorts. I was stood in front of him totally naked and I could see a smile on his face, his eyes looking me up and down, and his shorts changing shape."
I told him that I was just about to go into the Steam Room and he told me that he was going in there as well. We sat side by side about half way down and before I knew it his hands were all over me.
I whispered that other people were in there but he just whispered back that the steam was too dense for anyone in there to make out who was who, he even said that people couldn't tell if it was a man or a woman who's shape they could see,
He was right, and within a minute he was finger fucking me then pulling me onto his lap where his cock was out of his shorts. I lifted up and then impaled myself on his cock. He had his hands under my butt and was lifting me up and down.
He must have been very horny because he orgasmed quite quickly, look, you still might be able to see his cum leaking out of me."
I did look at her pussy but the string of the flimsy fabric of the lingerie G-string was just about covering her entrance.
"What did you do then?" I asked.
"We sat there for a couple of minutes then Luke got up and left. Shortly after that I felt someone knock my knees then they went out of the room. I waited a bit then I left, had a shower and went into the Sauna. There was a young man and woman in there, the girl was wearing a bikini but I hadn't put mine on. They both stared at the naked me as I sat with one foot on the bench and the other on the floor. I smiled at them and they smiled back as both sets of eyes kept staring at my pussy."
"Didn't you get embarrassed or wish that you'd put your bikini on Harper?"
"Don't be daft, when have you known me get embarrassed about being seen naked?"
"Even with you legs spread wide?"
"Not even with my pussy on display."
"Good for you Harper. Want to go for a swim, I'm getting a bit to horny."
"I can see that Harry, so am I, but wait, I haven't told you how my time in the sauna ended."
"Go on then,"
"Well, I could see that the guy 's hand was starting to wander up the girl's leg and she wasn't stopping him, in fact she was spreading her knees a bit, His hand got to her pussy over her bikini and when he touched where her clit was she moaned then stood up and said that they need then to go back to their room. I smiled at them as they left then quickly made myself cum.
When I got too hot I went and had s shower then put my 'bikini' on and came out here."
"Well Harper, you certainly appear to have had good morning and early afternoon. Let's get into the pool and you can take care of my little problem."
"It's not so little big boy." Harper replied as we got to our feet and jumped in.
I quickly saw Harper's point about how her lingerie bra and G-string were not really suitable foe wearing as a bikini, not that I was complaining. There was 3 other adults in the pool and they were too busy doing their own thing to see that Harper was standing in front of me wanking me to an orgasm.
"Pity that I couldn't get my mouth round you and swallow your cum Harry but I don't want a stomach full of chlorine."
"That's okay Harper, there will be plenty of other times."
We swam a bit and splashed each other a bit, then got out and went to get changed. As we walked to the changing rooms I saw that Harper was doing nothing to cover her tits and the G-string was sagging down a bit giving me flashes of her bald pussy.
Once dressed and back together, we decided to wander around the area. I'd looked out of one of the windows and seen the trees blowing in the wind so I dared Harper to wear just one of her floaty dress' and shoes.
Harper looked outside then said,
"You're on."
I lost count of the number of times that her dress blew up revealing her butt and pussy. After the first time I asked Harper if she wanted to go back to the hotel.
"No chance, I'm not welshing on a dare. Why do you think I'm holding your hand and my other hand is holding my bag? No, just let the wind do its thing, if anyone says anything I can just say that I didn't have any hands free to hold it down."
I saw a few people's expressions when they got a surprise, but no one complained and when we did get back to the hotel Harper was as horny as hell.
That evening we went to the hotel bar and then the restaurant but didn't see Luke. Harper suggested that he might be too embarrassed to face us, but I doubted that. Whatever the reason, I thought that I stood a much better chance of being on the big new project team than I had a few days ago.
*****
We repeated Saturday mornings events on the Sunday morning, but it was me fucking Harper in the Steam Room not Luke, we didn't see him again that weekend.
*****
Oh, a few days later I did get offered a place on the new project team. Harper asked me if there was any likelihood of any team building exercises that wives and girlfriends would be invited to, and if I wanted her to seduce Luke again.
There wasn't, but I did get a big pay rise and Luke never even mentioned Harper.
*****
Changing the subject completely, fantasies.
Like most people, Harper and I have our fantasies and we often talk about them. Harper has compiled a Bucket List of these fantasies and I've promised her that I will do everything that I can to turn hers into actual events.
I have already mentioned a couple of them but below are her top 10, but not in any order of any sort of priority.
1. Harper wants to be gang-banged, but she has 2 variations to this, with my friends and another one with strangers. I know that all my friend want to fuck her so I'm going to fix this up quite soon. The only part that I haven't decided on yet is whether or not Harper will be tied spread eagle with a blindfold on or not.
2. A naked Bungee Jump. This shouldn't really be still on the list because she did one when we were on holiday in Spain.
3. Harper's third fantasy is for us to go to an outdoor music concert, spend most of the time naked and to go crowd surfing. She gets VERY horny when she thinks about all those hands on her naked body. When we last talked about this I told her that she'd probably get finger fucked when she did that. Her response was,
"I certainly hope so."
We're waiting for a concert that we both want to go to for this to happen.
4. Naked public speaking, not just being naked when she'd talking to my friends, she's done that loads of time, she wants to be naked on a stage giving a lecture to hundreds of people.
This one I believe I can organise. I think that I can hire the theatre at my old university on a weekend and advertise a lecture on exhibitionism. That should get lots of students there.
I'm waiting for the cooler weather so that we won't have to put off any of our other activities.
5. A threesome for me. Harper has already talked to one of her friends about it and apparently, she is coming round to the idea. I must say that I'm looking forward to this.
6. A threesome for her. This will be easy to organise because all my friends have told me that I am a lucky bastard and that they would like to fuck her. Before I organise this I want to get the threesome for me out of the way. I'm also trying to decide if I want to organise this before or after the gang-bang with my mates.
7. Harper wants to be used and abused in a pub. Tied up and made to have multiple blowjobs, get spanked and get fucked by strangers. We watched a video taken in a bar in Barcelona where a girl enjoyed what I've just described and Harper wouldn't leave my cock alone for an hour after watching that video.
I don't know how I can organise this one, I'll have to do some research on the internet.
8.. Harper's wants to have a go at being a stripper in a crowded club. This one should be easy to organise but so far we haven't been able to find a club in our area that does armature nights.
9. Bondage. Okay, we've played tie-up games before, but Harper wants to try some of the serious stuff. We've seen some of the internet stuff and Harper has told me which bits that she wants to try, one being her hands being tied behind her back whilst naked, and me leading around some streets by a collar and leash. Another scenario that she wants to try is for her to be tied-up naked and be hoisted up, upside down, on the branch of a tree alongside a busy hiking route. Harper likes the idea of not knowing if / when any hikers will come along and see her.
I just need to get the equipment so that being suspended by her ankles isn't too painful for her.
10. Have sex with a girlfriend. As I mentioned in the two threesome things above, Harper is working on one of her friends for a threesome and a bit of girl-on-girl action could precede the threesome.
11. Harper is hoping that we'll soon be able to afford a Sybian because she wants to be tied down on it and left to be made to cum over and over until she blacks out. We've done this with a magic wand but Harper wants to do it with a Sybian between her legs.
12. As I mentioned earlier, Harper doesn't care who sees her naked, but she gets quite horny when she sees people looking at her when she is naked. To this end, Harper has decided that she'd like to get a top and some shorts painted onto her body, and walk around a busy public area wearing just the body paint, her ear buds and some heels.
That in it's self would be such a turn on for her but with me walking not too close by, and me telling her which way to look via her phone and ear buds, we can get her to stare at the people staring at her.
This fantasy has been put on the back burner for now because the weather isn't really conducive to walking around town naked, but I have promised her that come next spring I will find someone to paint her body.
*****
*****
Back to the current reality, Harper has been quite a hit at all the parties that I've taken her to. She always wears a skimpy, revealing dress and happily joins in all of the party games that we play, even the drinking games.
At the first party she got very 'happy' and lost coordination of her brain and limbs, ending up sprawled on the floor with a tit and her pussy on display. Jason's girlfriend adjusted her clothing to protect her modesty but Harper brushed her hands away saying,
"Leave me alone, I don't care."
Jason's girlfriend looked at me and I just shrugged my shoulders, so Jason's girlfriend did the same. I picked Harper up and lay her on one of the beds.
The third time that it happened, when I went to wake Harper to go home I found her totally naked with a couple of guys taking photographs of her. By that time in our relationship I knew that she wouldn't be bothered about the photographs but I pinned one of the guys against a wall threatening to beat him to pulp but he swore that it had only been photographs. I took both their names so that I could find them if Harper later told me that she'd been raped. The next morning she told me that she hadn't and then she pounced on me when I told her that they'd taken photographs of her. It was a very enjoyable next 30 minutes or so.
The next and subsequent parties that we've been to Harper hasn't drunk quite so much but she does make sure that most of the guys there 'accidentally' see her goodies.
Harper has also pretended to get really drunk and taken her clothes off in the main room with lots of people there. I pretend to try to get her to put her clothes back on but she just pushes me away telling me, and everyone around us, that she just wants to dance.
When she has had enough of dancing she flops onto the sofa making sure that her knees are spread and pretends to pass out. Funnily enough, no one tries to cover her and she stays like that until I 'wake' her to take her home.
As soon as we are on our way home she 'comes to life' and she won't leave my body alone.
*****
*****