My Workout partner is my trainer in more ways than one Chapter 1
I work out at a gym that is also part of the physical therapy center that I go to when I do something to myself. Over the last several years, I've taken up swimming again to lessen the pounding my lower body was getting from more aggressive aerobic exercises I was doing and in preparation for and recovery from a recent surgery. Let's just say I'm comfortable with my body. I'm in my late 30's, but I stay in good enough shape and I'm a bit of an exhibitionist, so wearing the smaller size swimsuits when I'm at the beach or when I swim is not an issue. Running and playing basketball can really start to take a toll on knees and hips as we get older, so I try to swim 4 to 5 miles a week and fill in the other days by lifting weights. I've worked hard the last two years to have the hint of a six pack on my 6'-4", 210-pound frame. I have been told my legs and butt are pretty good and I have decent arms and chest. I go to the tanning bed and go nude outdoors when I can, to keep the tan lines away.
Over the last couple of years, I've had surgeries that required rehab there, so I've come to know most of the PT staff at the Center, who happen to be all women...all pretty good looking women, at least the ones I've seen. Even though their uniforms are slacks and polo shirts, you could definitely tell they take good care of themselves. I may be starting over the hill, I can still recognize a nice feminine form when I see one. One in particular, Joey, was very nice to work with, because, as she had told me early on in our small talk that she had been a gymnast in her day, and her 5' frame was nice eye candy when sweating thru therapy. She is in her mid-30's, with a nice short cut dirty blond hair, C-cup, narrow waist, and very nice legs and butt. She is maybe 100-pounds soaking wet. She said she did yoga and swam, but I never saw her in the pool when I was swimming, so I assumed she swam at a different time or a different facility. She was very hand's on with showing me a new stretch or exercise...making sure my form was just right...which was fine with me. When I did my therapy, I would go to the locker room beforehand and go ahead and change into my PT gear, which was split up the sides style running shorts and a tee shirt. Since the running shorts had a liner, I didn't typically wear underwear, which would have shown past the liner and I thought it would looks and feels odd. Besides, I liked the feel of going commando working out. I'm certain Joey was aware of this because she would often brush up on my thigh or reach across me and I would catch her watching and smiling when I would have to adjust myself during or after an exercise or stretch. I had to assume she liked what she saw, but she was always professional and in control of the situation.
Several weeks into my hip therapy, Joey asked if I was interested in including water therapy as part of my recovery, so I could ultimately include it in my swimming workout. I wasn't able to swim for several weeks after my surgery to repair a torn labrum, but I was looking forward to starting back up, so that seemed like a very logical progression in my therapy. I asked before the first water therapy session what I should wear. She said to wear what I wore swimming and seemed pleased when I asked her if a Speedo would be alright. She told me that she wouldn't be doing the water therapy, but she was sure the other therapist wouldn't mind. She promised to check in on me during the session to make sure the therapist was "treating me right", as she said it.
I was a little surprised when I came out of the locker room to see three therapists waiting on me at the pool as I hobbled in for my session. I was wearing one of my more modest suits, if you can call any bright royal blue Speedo modest. I was told all of them wouldn't be staying, but they wanted to make sure I could enter the pool OK in case I needed help. The PT that would be working with me that day, Angie, was in a modest one piece navy blue bathing suit, with a white logo of the Center on the hip. She was tall and thin, maybe 5'-8", 120-pounds, with long straight brown hair, mid-20's, with a nice figure, probably a C-cup. Angie was there in her Polo shirt uniform. The third gal, I had not seen before, was in a business suit, and was introduced as Molly. She was also tall and thin, although not quite as tall as Angie. Molly was probably closer to my age but you could tell she took good care of herself. All three were friendly and were easy with their small talk with me as well as each other. Angie said she liked my suit and the other two women agreed, saying something about they wish more in shape guys would wear them and Joey complimented me on my tan with no tan lines.
While I assured them I could get in by myself, Angie and Joey insisted that they would be the judge of that and that they would need to put me in this first time using the handicap contraption that was basically a powered seat that was bolted to the floor that I was to sit in and be hoisted into the pool. Something about insurance and liability and the slick pool deck. Since I was still on crutches, the two of them allowed me to get close to the chair and the two took my crutches and gave them to Molly and then placed their arms under my arms and around my back at the waist, although Joey's hand was actually on my butt cheek. The three of us managed our way to the canvas chair and they sat me down. Insisting I needed to be strapped in, Joey got down on one knee between my legs to seat belt me in. Since I was sitting on one of the straps, she proceeded to help herself to groping around under my butt with her nose only a couple of inches from my crotch. I was obviously enjoying the attention and had started to get an erection, which was not something Joey missed...giving it a brief stare and then she caught Angie's eye and winked.
Finally strapped in to Joey's satisfaction, I was hoisted up, over and down into the therapeutic pool. I did manage a quick adjustment of my erection situation before Angie came over to unbuckle me from the chair, but I was unprepared for what happened next. While I said that I could do it, she said that was part of her job...again the insurance and liability issues. With her hands under water, she basically groped me again for several seconds trying to find the buckle while she undid the belt and allowed me to stand with my hand on her shoulder. And her hand on my butt cheek. All of this attention to my crotch had caused me to have a pretty good sized hard on. The water was not nearly waist deep on me, so when I stood, my "problem" was above the water line, much to the appreciation of all three women...or at least their smiles and brief glances at one another suggested. Shortly after being led to deeper water, I was able to do a quick position adjustment. Joey smiled and waved to me and left to see her first patient, while Molly stayed a little while to watch Angie and I work thru my stretching and strengthening routine before she left.
Angie was also very hands on in her therapy style. While her suit was modest in cut, the dark blue basically showed everything she had. I even wondered if she had cut the liner out of the front, because I could clearly see her labia lips thru the suit after it got wet, even though it wasn't overly tight. It clung to her body like a second skin. Her occasional help to keep my hips and back in "proper position", consisted of holding me with her hands on my hips with her crotch and breasts pressed up against my butt and back. That close body contact, plus the visuals, basically kept me hard the whole hour. I was in heaven. I asked for help with position tips several times I didn't have to. I'm sure she knew what I was doing. She would exit the water to write something in my records and then return to help with a new position, so I was treated to multiple full front and back views with little left to the imagination thru her suit.
At the end of this first therapy session, it was time to go back to the sling and get out. Angie's nipples were full and hard and she had made no attempt to hide anything during the session, so I was determined to return the favor. My exhibitionist tendencies and testosterone were in overdrive. While I'll never be mistaken for a porn star, I do alright in the package department when I'm hard. I'm close to 7-inches, but not too thick, and I was very obviously straining my suit when we got back to shallow water. The head and shaft were unmistakable thru my lycra suit.
I hadn't thought about the additional help that was used to put me in the pool being needed again, but the smiles on Joey's and Molly's faces as they came right on time for my exit suggested Angie's actions might have been preplanned. Who was I to disappoint? I made no effort to hide my erection, not that I could have anyway, since Angie made sure to accidentally grope me again while she was buckling me into the chair. My grand exit was met with a smiling Joey on the pool deck, who happily repeated her "nose in my crotch" position between my legs to unbuckle me from the chair and help me to my feet. There was definitely more of me to see this time, much to her delight. There were towels on a shelf on the pool deck, but it was obvious that none of the women were anxious to give me something to cover up with. Angie and Joey helped me over to a bench and Molly brought me my crutches.
As I sat on the bench drying myself off, Angie suggested that I might slip with my crutches on the way to the locker room and offered to make sure I made it to the carpeted area of the men's area. There is a shower on the way to the men's locker room, as well as in the locker room. Taking advantage of the situation, I asked if it would be OK if I rinsed off under the pool shower before going thru the locker room doors, which both Angie and Joey agreed to do. Just a little more exposure time with these three lovely ladies. Molly tagged along to "hold the crutches". Since Angie was already wet and in a bathing suit, she basically held me close while Joey and Molly watched. It was just a quick rinse, but it was heaven to have Angie's warm wet body press up against me for those additional few minutes. Joey and Molly seemed to approve. As you might guess, I spent additional time in the locker room showers reliving the last hour and relieving my rock-hard erection in a slow rhythmical manner!

My Workout partner is my trainer in more ways than one Chapter 2
I wasn't on crutches for too many weeks after that first session, so the requirement to use the assist chair and the excuse for two additional women didn't last after I stopped needing them, I did get a taste of the Clothed Female, Nude Male fetish, even though I wasn't totally nude for these sessions! Angie and I were in the water for once during the week, with Joey the other session during the week for the duration of my rehabilitation. During my next session with Joey, she told me how good I looked in my Speedo and gave me a wink and a jab in the ribs. During my therapy after that, Joey seemed to take a few more liberties with brushing up against me and smiling when I reacted. Molly also seemed to wander thru the rehab area when I was there just to say "hi."
After a few weeks, I gained enough strength and mobility in my hip to start my swimming routine again. With my limited mobility, I had gained a few pounds and I was ready to ramp up my training schedule to get it off. I would go to the gym first thing in the morning and I would sometimes have therapy scheduled right afterwards. One early morning, I did finally run into Joey swimming before she had her first therapy patient, which was me. Wow! She looked fabulous in her one-piece suit! Her trim, firm, tanned 5-foot frame was in a dark blue racer. She must have taken a cue from Angie, because there was no liner in it and her full nipples, flat stomach, and cute little pussy lips were very much on display. It was a much more revealing suit, with very high cut leg openings and while the back had a strap across her shoulder blades, it was open down to the crack of her butt. She didn't have too much fat that I could see...and I could definitely see everything! Even without getting wet, I could basically see she shaved her bush and her pussy was perfectly smooth. We both swam our laps in adjoining lanes, but didn't talk too much. Evidently, she and I both are serious about our workouts. Socializing is not in either of our vocabularies when we're working out. I typically don't have erections while I'm swimming because blood is going other places, but to see this athlete in the lane beside me glide thru the water, I was semi-hard when I was finishing up.
I don't know what her workout routine is, but she finished as I was finishing...either to talk or to look...or both. I know I was! I was taking my pulse rate and recording my time when she slid over the lane float into my lane. That quick view of that nice tight butt in that dark blue swim suit was a very pleasant way to finish a workout. We were standing in the shallow end, so my semi erection was on full display. Since she is so much shorter, I could look down on her nice firm C cup breasts in that skin-tight suit. Her nipples were standing at full salute. After some small talk and her checking me out, I asked her what I owed this visit to the pool. I absent-mindedly adjusted my package talking to her. If I didn't know better, I thought I saw her reach for my crotch but she pulled back at the last moment. She said that she had a key to the exterior pool door and usually swam before I got here, and she must have been in the showers before I got here, but she was running late this morning. I told her I wasn't really up to my full workout, yet, but it gets harder to get a full hour in with the other swimmers in the morning. Without missing a beat, she quickly offered to let me in and swim with her in the mornings, starting the next day. She told me the time and showed me which door she used, and where best to park on the back side of the building. I agreed and after a brief hug and one last quick glance, we were off to our separate locker rooms.
When Joey showed up at 5:00, I was already there, gym bag in hand. "Good morning", she offered cheerily.
Being a morning person too, I returned the "good morning" and told her how much I appreciated her letting me in early.
"Oh, it's my pleasure," she said. "Anything to get that body of yours back into shape!"
The key to the back door of the pool was on a lanyard around her neck. For whatever reason, she didn't bother taking it off, but leaned over to get the key in the lock. She was in gym shorts with the waist rolled down and her swimsuit showed under a tee shirt as she leaned over. This time, she was in a white swim suit, so I was really interested to see what she looked like in that once it got wet. My cock stirred at that thought as we went thru the door. She closed the door behind us, found the nearest bench, and took off her shirt and shorts. Her swim suit exceeded expectations. My mind was in overdrive. I couldn't wait to start the morning workout! I walked over to the locker room door to go and change into my suit, but it was locked.
"I don't have a key to the locker rooms," she said. "The morning crew unlocks everything before I finish my workout and I go shower then. Didn't you wear your suit under your shorts?"
"No," I said. "It didn't come up yesterday in our conversation as a requirement."
"Oh, I must have left that part out," she smiled coyly. "Sorry. Just change here, silly. I've almost seen everything you have already." Then she put her hands on her hips. "I'm a medical professional. You won't embarrass me. Strip Mister!" she said in a firm voice.
I wasn't sure if she was kidding, or not, but I was going to call her bluff. I quickly shed my shirt and reached down for my shorts. After a pause to give her one chance to say she was kidding, down they came. My cock sprang to attention as it was freed from my shorts. It wasn't fully hard, but it definitely was enjoying the sight of Joey in her paper-thin suit. By her reaction and smile, I could tell she was pleased, and pleasantly surprised I did it. As I folded my shorts and shirt and started going thru my gym bag for a suit, Joey interjected, "you don't have to put anything on to swim on my account. You kiddingly told me you wore Speedos because they wouldn't let you swim naked, so here's your chance. Besides, I like the view!" She was beaming by this point.
"Are you sure," I asked? "Won't the morning crew catch us?"
"Us? They won't catch me, but you can put your suit on before they come, if you're chicken," she said. "They typically are in such a hurry to open up, they usually just say hello thru the door as they unlock the locker room from the inside."
"I'm no chicken," I replied. "Besides, if that suit is any more transparent after you get it wet, you might as well be swimming naked, too."
Giving me her sweetest smile and batting her eyes, she replied, "I just wanted to give you a reason to workout with me! But if you do start working out together in these mornings, there will be some ground rules."
"Ground rules? Such as," I asked?
"This is not an invitation for sex. I like see a good-looking man naked. You must agree that I can touch you if I want, you can be touched, but you cannot touch me, unless I tell you. OK?"
"That will be hard...but OK," I agreed. I was hoping that wasn't a hard and fast rule, but I wouldn't know unless I agreed and then see how this progressed. Allowing myself to be touched had already happened in an earlier treatment session, so I had already crossed that bridge, I thought.
"You can't put on your swimsuit unless I tell you to. OK?"
I probably wasn't thinking too clearly when I agreed to that one, but I said, "OK."
"No pictures and you can't tell anyone what we're doing."
"No problem there," I said.
"And if you're going to swim naked in MY pool, the rest of that body hair and pubic hair has to come off and stay off. Understand?"
That one wasn't hard to agree to. I already trimmed and shaved most of my pubic hair to keep it from poking out of my swimsuits. I shaved my legs and chest because I like how it feels when I swim. That only left my forearms and armpits, so I said agreed to that one.
"How about a watch to keep time," I asked?
"You can bring one and keep it on the pool deck, but you can't wear it. I expect you to stay totally naked with absolutely nothing on! I will let you keep your goggles, because I know how irritating the chlorine can be, but nothing else. Understand," she demanded?
"OK," I answered. I was beginning to see a side of her that really liked this CFNM stuff, but I was game. This could be fun and give me plenty of impetus to train hard at these early morning workouts.
"OK," she said. "We have a deal. I'll take your suit. Put your watch on the pool deck and get to swimming. We're going to be pressed for time."
If you have never been swimming naked, there is no feeling of freedom like it in the world. It is a different rush than skinny dipping. Swimming freestyle, the water follows along your body in ways you don't experience with a swimsuit on...even a swim brief, like a Speedo. You are aware of every part of your skin. I also think I am more aware of my muscles and my movements. Swimming sexually excited takes a few minutes to get over, but with blood flowing to your muscles, you have less blood available for your cock and it gets out of the way and lets you get on with your swim. It's different than running naked, because, for guys at least, you end up slapping your package around. With swimming, you don't. I knew getting a place to swim naked was a rare treat. I would have agreed to just about anything to be able to do it regularly. It would be the rules I agreed to so I could swim with a beautiful woman that might end up getting me in trouble.
With the extra time taken up with going over the ground rules, I ended up swimming too long that first morning and Joey gave me a high sign that the morning crew was in the building. I don't know how she knew. She had me get out of the pool and stand naked on the pool deck. She told me to stand there while she went into the woman's locker room. She had my running shorts in her hand. I heard people walking around in the lockers, so I definitely could have been found in a compromising position. I assumed this was a test, so I stayed, but I was curious what she was doing. She wasn't gone but a minute and when she returned, she had a big grin on her face. I must have passed the test.
She said, "as a reward for staying when I told you to, I'll help you put on your shorts, especially since I'm your physical therapist. I'm responsible for your well-being." She pitched me a towel to dry off my butt and cock so the shorts would go on easier. I stepped in, one leg at a time, while she kneeled in front of me, her eyes locked on my growing cock. "Is this for me," she asked, innocently?
"Well, yeah," I replied. "You are super-hot in that see thru suit. I would have to be dead not to be excited looking at you!"
She smiled, and without saying another word, she finished working my shorts up each leg and over my butt cheeks, taking care to get my inflating cock tucked in. "You won't be needing your Speedo in the morning. Don't wear underwear for our morning workouts, either. I like your running shorts you wear for your PT sessions for me with nothing else on. Its quicker getting you naked!"
So began my voyage into the CFNM world. When her white bathing suit basically disappeared when she dove in, I was hooked. Needless to say, I spent plenty of time in the locker room shower reliving the previous hour. I think I ran the gym out of hot water, because I was in the shower so long. I can't remember when I was so rock hard and I've had such a powerful knee buckling orgasm! I was sure that she was going to be a fun workout partner. Plus, if I hurt anything, she would be the perfect one to go to for one on one treatment.

My Workout partner is my trainer in more ways than one Chapter 3
To say I was looking forward to my work out the next morning would be an understatement! I was there early. When she drove up and saw me, I got another cheery greeting. "Are you ready for today's work out?"
"You bet," I replied!
As I stepped thru the pool door, she immediately turned to me and said, "OK, buster, lose the clothes. Let me see if you did your homework."
It took me a second to understand she wanted to see if I shaved. She needn't have worried. When I shaved everything off last night, I got off another four times just thinking of showing Joey my handiwork the next morning. I hoped all the masturbation hadn't sapped my energy! Removing my shoes, running shorts, and shirt in two seconds flat, I handed them to her with a "here you go, coach!"
As she removed her shorts and top, she was wearing a small bright orange string bikini. It fit her like a glove! While it was only three triangles, with strings in between, it looked like it was meant to swim in and stay put. The top cupped her breasts, although they didn't seem to need any support. I assumed they were store bought, but I sure wanted to feel them to find out for sure. The bottom had a small triangle in the front with a thong back. Obviously, she wasn't the only one of us who didn't like tan lines. As we walked to the shallow end of the pool to loosen up and stretch, she grabbed me by my cock, "I want you hard while you are getting ready to swim. I don't get to see you hard while you swim, so I have to get my eye candy in at the start and at the end."
Taken by surprise, but getting harder by the second. "No problem," I replied. I knew her hands were soft because of the massages she did during my therapy sessions, but somehow, they seemed softer wrapped around my cock.
As I about to hop into the pool and continued getting loose, setting my watch, and adjusting my goggles, there was a knock on the exterior door. I froze! "Stay where you are," she commanded! "Don't you dare move!" She then proceeded to go and open the door and in walked Angie.
"Hi Angie." Joey greeted. "What do you think?"
"You said nobody would know," I declared!
"No," Joey corrected. "I said you couldn't tell anybody. I didn't say I couldn't tell anybody. Besides, ever since your first water session with Angie, she's basically seen everything you have, same as me. As a plus, though, she's being allowed to swim naked with you."
"Allowed to swim naked with me," I asked?
"She's a submissive and her Dominatrix gave her permission to swim with you as long as I had you here naked, too," Joey replied.
"Very nice," Angie cooed to me! "You should be very proud of that body. I've wanted to see that package of yours ever since we first got you into the water and I copped a feel of that nice cock of yours! It is as beautiful as I had imagined. Besides, it is obvious with you swimming in those small suits of yours that you are an exhibitionist at heart. I just wanted to be here when Joey was showing you off!"
"Show me off...Dom...what", I said in a confused mumbled? "Should I expect other surprise visitors during these morning workouts?"
"We'll talk about that later," Joey said. "Her Dom said I was to get her naked as soon as she gets here and we're wasting time. OK, girl! Off with the clothes!"
Angie was already dropping her clothes by the time Joey was finishing her demand. She was in a tee shirt and shorts with no underwear or bra. I was awestruck! Angie was stunning! Tan from head to toe. No tan lines for this one, either. Her smooth, hairless crotch had one of the most perfect set of labia lips I've ever seen on a woman. She had a fairly large ring piercing her clitoral hood. Her long brown hair draped past her shoulders onto a picture-perfect set of C-cup breasts. No droop at all. The multiple times she had pressed them into my back during water therapy sessions had me convinced they were natural. I hoped I would be able to find out for sure. Her long, tanned legs and perfectly rounded butt were muscular, like an athlete. Her broad shoulders suggested she might be a swimmer, which I was soon to find out that she was. If I didn't have a reason to be rock hard before, I certainly had a reason to be now!
"Hello, handsome! Ready to work out," she asked? And with that she walked past me with a swim cap and goggles in her hand and bent down to grab her ankles and began stretching...with her firm, athletic butt staring right at me. If this is what mornings are going to be like, I thought, Joey will have no problem seeing me hard before and after practice.
Angie finished her quick stretching on the deck, donned her cap and goggles, and hopped into the water. "Can I use this lane," she asked innocently? Not waiting for an answer, off she went on her laps. I was in heaven, just watching her swim away from me.
Incentive enough to continue under my tutelage," Joey asked? "Don't forget to roll your tongue back into your mouth and breath while you're swimming or you'll drown."
"Yes, ma'am! I'm committed to this if the scenery stays this good!" I said.
"Oh, my string bikini isn't good enough for you," she growled playfully?
"You're beautiful...It's just that she's already undressed and I'm having to undress you with my eyes," I replied.
"Not going to happen until you prove yourself," was her reply. "And you better get to swimming or I'll make you finish your laps with Angie's water therapy patients this morning in the same outfit you're wearing now!"
So, off I went. It was hard to concentrate with my beautiful lap partners on either lane beside me. I tried to stay a few feet behind Angie so I could watch her flip turns and how her legs parted swimming the various strokes, but she was too fast and it was hurting my form, not to mention my neck swimming looking forward. When I said that an erection would go down in a few minutes after you begin exerting yourself...I was wrong. My backstroke looked like I had a sailing mast attached! It was awful and awesome at the same time. I was so pumped with testosterone, I put in my fastest practice time by several minutes.
At the end of practice, after I got out of the pool and was checking my pulse, Angie walked up beside me and told me what a great job I did during practice and gave me a peck on the cheek and grabbed my cock, which was still hard as it was during practice. "Can I help you get rid of this? It looks awfully lonesome," she queried? "Molly told me Joey was my boss when I was here and Joey told me that I could help you get rid of that. How about a quick hand job so you can at least get your shorts on before the morning crew comes?"
"That would be great, thanks!" Wait...Molly said Joey was her boss here?! Did that mean Molly was her Dominatrix, or was she just talking about at the Center? So, as my mind was clearing with that bit of information, Angie slid around behind me and pressing her warm perfect body into my back, reached around with one hand on my shaft and the other hand fondling my balls and gave me a quick, yet practiced, hand job. Those tits are certainly real, and her smooth pussy pressed up against my butt was heaven. She tugged gently on my balls and sack and concentrated her short strokes on my shaft to the head and foreskin. It was an unexpected reward that I hoped all my swim sessions could end with, but today, it didn't take long with all the sexual tension in the air that morning, to explode with a major eruption. It was a good thing Angie was spooning behind me with her arms around me or as I shot off, or I would have collapsed to the floor. I shot several ropes in quick succession before slowly coming down from a very strong orgasm. With my eyes still half closed, I looked over at Joey. She was smiling at the two of us and was pleasuring herself with her hand down inside the front of her bikini bottom.
"Angie, I expect you to clean up the mess before anyone comes in here," Joey commanded. "And remember that he's mine, not yours."
As we heard the morning crew unlock the locker rooms, Angie and I were both still in our stand-up spooning embrace. I jumped, but Angie just kept her arms around me. "Don't worry," she said. "They're used to seeing me naked. Besides, Joey still has your clothes, remember? And by Joey's eye contact with me, I think you and I are going to have to clean up your mess together before she lets you and I get dressed. Don't worry. I'll get it."
She got down on all fours and licked my significant amount of cum off the pool deck. It was quite a lot and it sprayed a pretty impressive distance, if I do say so myself. Her ass was in the air with her pussy and rosebud on display for me and for Joey. It was hot! It quickly undid what her hand job was supposed to help, and I was rock hard again. It was evident by her flowering inner lips that she was aroused by her actions. As I looked at Joey, she shook her head, as if to tell me not to touch. I did jump back in the pool and splashed water up on the deck to finish washing away what Angie had started cleaning so we could get out of there.
As I exited the water, Joey handed me a couple of towels and my clothes. "Good workout. Hope your hip is feeling OK."
"Actually," I said, "it is feeling really tight. Can you do something about that?"
"Sure," she said. "I have an opening at the end of the day. I'll make sure the front desk lets you come back to my area without charging your insurance."

My Workout partner is my trainer in more ways than one Chapter 4
My land therapy with Joey later that day started out as usual, with the typical 10 minute warm up on the exercise bike and then the different stretching and strengthening exercises. As time got closer to the end of the hour, Joey asked if I would like to be iced and have a TENS treatment. in a treatment room. That sounded great. The TENS treatment is where they put pads on the skin and input a low voltage electric stimulus thru the muscles. It provides pain management and relaxes the muscles that I had been working so hard. Plus, with the position of the pads, it was often easier to remove my running shorts and cover me with a towel. After the last water therapy, I was almost expecting something special in this session, but I wasn't sure. True to past TENS sessions, when Joey came in, she asked if I wanted to do the pads with or without shorts, even though she probably knew which one I would choose.
"I'll leave the room. Here's a towel. Change and lay on the table face up. Go ahead and take your shirt and shoes off, too. I'll be back in shortly", she said. Taking off everything was not what I had done in the past, but considering our early morning workout, I quickly took off my shirt, shoes and running shorts, and laid down on the table with the towel covering my middle section. Almost immediately, after a brief knock on the door, in marched Joey with another therapist named Valorie. Valorie was a nursing student on a physical therapy rotation. I had seen her in the Center, but had not met her. She was really tall, almost 6-foot, probably early 20's with a really nice figure and a small set of breasts. She had short light brown hair and very minimal make-up. She was also in the slacks and polo shirt uniform of the Center. "Valerie is shadowing me today," Joey said. "She is actually studying to be an operating room nurse, so much of what I've shown her is not too interesting to her."
"That's not true," Valerie interjected. "It's all good experience."
"Our patient here had an orthoscopic repair of his labrum of the left hip. I would you like to palpitate his hip, review the surgery scars, and have him go thru what his issues currently are and have you recommend the placement of the TENS pads," Joey offered?
"That would be helpful," Valerie replied.
"Would you mind," Joey asked me?
"Glad to help," I said, but Joey really wasn't going to give me a choice. She repositioned the left side of the towel, taking care to keep my cock and balls covered and tucked the fold between my thighs.
"Did they shave you for the surgery or is that a grooming choice," Valerie asked me? Not waiting for an answer, she absentmindedly placing her right hand on the left side of my uncovered pubic mound to feel the smooth skin. My cock jumped at the contact and moved the towel noticeably.
"Oh, I'm very sorry! I should have asked before I touched you. I guess this is part of the shadowing process," Valerie apologized.
Before I could answer, Joey chimed in, "good point, Valerie, but on this guy, I assure you he didn't mind. He'll be very tolerant of any exam you would like to get experience with."
"Anything," Valerie asked Joey, like I was no longer in the room?
"Anything," Joey stated flatly, and shot me a stern glance.
"Sure, I guess, I'm game. Practice away!"
As I was sure would happen, Joey managed to manipulate the conversation and the focus of my issues that soon enough made the towel unnecessary and I was totally naked laying there while they talked clinical issues at my expense. Needless to say, my cock, while it didn't get hard, definitely engorged. Neither woman reacted, but Joey did wink at me when Valerie wasn't looking.
After about 20 minutes, Joey asked, "OK Valorie, so where would you place the four TENS pads and what level would you recommend?"
Valerie carefully peeled each of the four pads off the clear plastic card and placed one in the crease of my groin, one on the inner thigh, one on the outer thigh, and one just above my hip bone. "Of course, this would be harder if the patient had body hair," Valerie commented. She again took the liberty of stroking the open palm of her hand over my thigh, stomach, and pubic area right above my package like I was a practice dummy. My cock showed he wasn't a dummy and as I got harder, my cock flopped onto the top of her hand...much to her surprise...but she didn't move her hand, but used her other hand to wrap around the shaft to move it to the side.
"This brings up another issue I wanted to ask you about later, but since something just came up, I'll ask," Valerie continued. "I know for this particular surgery, they typically catharize the patient because the procedure can be so long and located so close to the bladder. I know this is out of your therapy shadowing, but I know you have your RN diploma on your wall. Can you help me before I take the surgery rotation next week? Another female, I think I can figure out, but I've never done a guy. I know the male patient won't be awake, or erect, but our willing participant here, in his current state, would be easier for me to do for a first time, don't you think, Joey?"
"As it just so happens, I do have a cath kit here in the cabinet," Joey responded. "Typically, the patient would be gowned, but this one is an exhibitionist, so we won't bother with the formalities just to practice. I'll get the tray set up."
I realized I wasn't getting out of this room without this happening, so I decided to just go with the flow. Valerie evidently realized Joey was taking advantage of me. She leaned in close to me and whispered, "thanks for being a good sport. I'll try and make it worth your while when we clean you up."
After Joey had the tubing, gloves, and lube set up, Joey left briefly to get the ice pack for me, but didn't bother closing the door to the exam room all the way. I'm sure it was on purpose. Upon her return, she decided to bring Angie in with her to observe. Joey wrapped the ice pack in a towel and laid it on my left hip, leaving my cock and balls fully on display. I will tell you though that the ice did ease my hard on somewhat during the 20 minutes the TENS treatment was on, but having the three women hovering over my crotch talking about what came next probably counteracted most of the cold.
After the timer turned the TENS unit off, I was just a piece of meat on the table for practice! I guess it didn't really hurt too bad, but first Joey demonstrated with my cock in her left hand and inserted the lubed-up tube with her right like cleaning a pistol with a cleaning rod...explaining every step! I had no idea a tube could go up in me that far! Then Valerie took a turn, with Joey advising and correcting her three attempts. Then Angie even took a turn holding my cock in her hand. There was lubrication gel all over everywhere you could imagine, which Valerie, true to her promise, insisted on cleaning up.
Joey wet several wash cloths with warm water from the sink and handed them to Valerie, who then very gently wiped off my stomach and thighs. She had me roll over on my side while Angie rinsed the wash cloths and handed them back to Valerie who had me raise one leg slightly while she washed from my balls to my anus. Like I said, this gel was everywhere! She then had me lay back again while the wash clothes were rinsed again. She then very deliberately removed her gloves and began stroking my shaft with both hands with the gel still on it. The sensation was amazing! The combination of the sponge bath, her gentle touch, the slick gel, her warm hands, and the whole situation, quickly had me with a raging hard on. By this time Joey and Angie had moved in for a better view at the foot of the exam table and each had their hands on my ankles, watching almost in a trance. Leaning in, Valerie whispered in my ear, "Want me to continue cleaning your penis and scrotum?"
"That would be great," I managed to get out. What else was I going to say?
Reacting to my reply, she began full strokes up and down my shaft with both hands, making sure to extend my foreskin up over the head, which was fully engorged and larger than I had ever seen it. She stopped frequently each time I got close to coming. She may not have given a guy a catherization before, but she sure had given a guy a hand job before. She was a pro! After almost 10 minutes of this heavenly nursing, she took me over the edge and I had a strong orgasm, causing me tense every fiber in my body, arch my back, and offer up a muffled groan. I rocketed several ropes of cum in wave after wave of massive, multiple orgasms. The first few were impressively high, landing on my stomach, chest, and her hand. Slowly, I came down from that high. I think they were worried because I was sweating and breathing so heavily. Without an expression change on her face, she resumed cleaning me up with freshly rinsed wash cloths and paper towels, all to the admiring looks from Angie and Joey. In a few more minutes, she finished her task, and threw the paper products and gloves in the waste basket. As she was leaving, she stroked my stomach one last time with her right hand, winked at me, and told me to take my time getting dressed.
Joey said, "your welcome," and left the room, with the door wide open, or course. Angie stayed and helped me sit up and dressed me. She had a difficult time getting my cock in my shorts, but she didn't seem to mind. Fortunately for me, it was after hours and no other patients were left in the therapy area.
Did I tell you how much I love the therapists at this center?