I've never thought of myself as a person who would break rules just for the sake of it, or simply for shock value. But neither am I a person who would abide by convention simply because that is what is expected of her by society. I like to think that I have come to have a sense of right and wrong that allows me to express who I am, while at the same time respecting the people around me. When it comes right down to it, I just don't seem to fit the mould that people expect me to.
I have found that people tend to judge even without meaning to, and as a result, I have become very protective of my reputation. And yet I must admit to enjoying the raised eyebrows that result from me following my heart and venturing to the edges of what polite society considers acceptable. This makes having to restrain my behaviour even more frustrating, and even being restrained I still manage to earn a reputation for being wild.
I realised recently that I have a group of friends who are almost completely isolated from all of my other friends; a situation which I thought might give me an opportunity to explore my wilder side in safety. I met these people through a friend from a past job, and they have no contact with my current work colleagues or any of my other friends. The small number of my girlfriends that have met them have found them a little dull because they are older than we are, for the most part in their mid to late thirties, but I find them fun to have a few quiet drinks with, and it doesn't hurt that all but one are men and completely enthralled by me.
During my recent trip to Europe I had been completely free, with no need to consider consequences, and had found it a liberating experience. This fuelled my desire now to see how far we could take it, come what may. I decided I would sleep with as many of the men in this older group of friends as possible. The more I thought about it, the more the prospect of being the subject of their gossip aroused me. I would be exposing more of my secret self than I ever had before, and I was simultaneously scared and thrilled. I told myself that even if things went awry and the gossip grew out of control, none of my other friends would ever hear about it.
Having made my decision I resolved to put it into action at the next opportunity. I had to wait a little while, but the perfect occasion was a charity cocktail party the following week. These events aren't formal, but everyone puts a little extra effort into looking their best. I must admit I have always enjoyed getting dressed up and going to functions with a little swank. It adds to my enjoyment to wear a slinky dress with nothing underneath it. I find it a delicious combination of class and wantonness.
I bought a little black dress especially for the evening. It was a little too short and a little too clingy, but it was Guess, so it was also beautiful, and perfect for what I had in mind. Combine it with black stay-up stockings, stilettos, and no underwear and I had the perfect combination of chic and availability.
I made a stir when I arrived. Thinking about my plans had me very aroused, with my face flushed and my nipples erect. Tonight I was going to sleep with one of my friends, someone I had known for over a year. I hadn't decided whom I would take to bed yet. I would play that by ear. It didn't really matter who ended up in my bed tonight, as I intended that over the next few weeks or months they would all be in my bed at some point. All of these thoughts had me feeling very sexy, and people must have picked up on my mood. I felt like everyone was watching me as I paraded through the room. I was relieved to see one of my friends, Ezra, across I room. I gave him my best smile and headed in his direction.
"Hello, Ezra," I said.
"You look stunning tonight darling," he said, "I think you've even outdone yourself."
"Thanks, Ezra, you're looking quite dashing yourself," I replied, my smile growing with his compliments.
I leaned in and we exchanged kisses on the cheek. As we did so he put one hand on my shoulder and with his other hand he gently squeezed my arse. Ezra is always trying to grope me and usually I would slap his hand away or hit him in mock offence. Tonight though, I just drew our bodies together and let the kiss linger while his hand wandered over the cheek of my arse.
"Now, now, Ezra, you know that if you bruise the fruit you have to pay for it," I said, as I slowly drew his hand away from my arse, sliding it up my arse and across my hip to his side.
"And how much would that be?" he asked with a sly grin.
"Way more than you could afford, Ez," I replied, "but you can start by buying me a wine. I'm dying of thirst."
"Sorry, so remiss of me," he said, as he patted my hip and turned toward the bar.
As he walked away, I was beginning to wonder if I had given his hands a little too much encouragement. He looked like a man who was sure he was going to get laid that night. I certainly didn't want any one of my boys to become too territorial. My goal was to be shared, and possessiveness was not going to help.
I moved around the group, saying my hellos and giving everyone kisses. I allowed myself to be touched much more than usual, and I graciously accepted the compliments on my appearance that were no more than my due.
I could feel eyes from all around the room moving over my body. The attention I was getting, as well as all of the touching, was keeping me very aroused. I could feel the moistness in my pussy and from the tingling in my nipples I knew they were still hard and would not be going down any time soon.
After saying hello to everyone I found myself chatting with Jim. We had met only twice before and I had been attracted to him both times. I suspected the attraction was mutual and I resolved to find out for sure tonight.
He was about the only one who had not tried to feel me up. He put his hand on my shoulder and held me firmly while he kissed me. My dress leaves my shoulder bare, and I could feel the heat of his hand on my skin. As he moved towards me to kiss me he looked directly into my eyes. There was definitely a connection between us.
After kissing me he ran his eyes up and down my body. Most men steal a glance at me and look away quickly when I catch them. He was drinking me in with his eyes right in front of me and it was really turning me on.
"Do a turn for me," he said, "so I get the full effect."
"Okay," I said, as I turned.
I turned slowly with an exaggerated swing of my hips with each step. I knew that he would be looking at my arse, and it excited me. I hoped he would look closely enough to notice that I was not wearing underwear.
"You are very beautiful tonight," he said, when I was facing him again.
"Thank you," I said, smiling.
We chatted and flirted for a few minutes when Ezra returned with my drink. Ezra joined the conversation with Jim and I but it wasn't long before he realised he couldn't compete with Jim's charming wit and disarming grin.
"Would you like to play pool, Lisa?" Jim asked me.
"I'm not much of a pool player," I replied.
"That's okay, it's just an interesting diversion, and maybe I can give you a few pointers."
"Okay, I'll play, as long as you promise not to beat me too badly," I said.
He gestured for me to walk ahead of him to the pool table. As I walked I could feel his eyes on my arse so I added a little extra swing to my walk. He set the table up and chalked the cue and broke. Our fingers touched as he handed me the cue and it felt like a spark jumped between us.
We played a few shots and he said, "I have a confession to make. I really invited you to play pool so I could have you to myself for a little while."
"I'm glad you did," I replied, "but weren't you supposed to be giving me a few tips?"
"I'm sorry, I did say I would. You should make a line of your body and the cue. Lower your chin onto the cue and look down it. It will help you aim more accurately."
He stepped behind me and put his hands on my shoulders. I felt the spark and the heat again. Then he slowly ran his hands down my sides. He was applying pressure to first one side and then the other, adjusting my position slightly. I had no idea what he was doing I was just enjoying the sensation of his hands moving over me. His hands reached my hips and he turned me slightly then continued to run his hands slowly down over my arse and thighs.
Then he stepped up to me and I could feel his crotch pressing against my arse as he looked over my shoulder and helped me aim. He wasn't hard but I could definitely feel something firm pressing against me. I couldn't help myself and I wiggled my arse against him a little.
"Don't move," he said, as he put his hands on my hips and pressed his crotch against me a little more firmly.
God! He was driving me crazy.
"Now draw your hand straight back and then push the stick straight forward again and hit the white ball," he said.
To my surprise I almost got the ball in, but I couldn't concentrate on the game at all. I could smell his cologne and feel his body pressing against me. My senses were full of him. I decided that I was going to go home with him tonight.
As our game progressed we continued to flirt and touch gently. I could see what I suspected to be the beginning of an erection in his pants. I encouraged his advances by bending a little more than I needed and by drawing my shoulders and raising my dress slightly as I did so, just enough to show a little bare thigh above the top of my stockings.
Eventually he beat me, which was no surprise. The game was much closer than I expected although I suspect he was taking it easy on me. I enjoyed playing, both because of the lessons, which I am sure were much more physical than they needed to be, and also because it gave me a good opportunity to display myself to him, and the other people watching us play.
After the game Jim said, "I have to go Lisa. Will you keep me company while I get a taxi?"
"Yes of course," I said, "but it's a shame you have to go, I am enjoying our games."
He gave me a wicked grin and I was sure he knew that I was referring to more than just our pool game.
"I know, but maybe we can get together another time. Are you free on Saturday night?"
We headed for the exit and the stairs down to the street. As we walked I replied, "I'm not sure what I'm doing, but I am intrigued. What do you have in mind?"
"Dinner, some nice wine, and maybe a little dancing. I can't resist your smile, so I promise to make you smile the whole night."
I was finding it just as hard to resist his smile. When we reached the street he put a hand on each of my hips and held me facing him. He looked into my eyes and I was sure he was about to kiss me.
Instead he asked, "So, what do you say, is it a date?"
I was breathless, waiting for his kiss, all I could say was, "Yes, yes, it's a date."
As soon as I agreed he drew my body to him and kissed me deeply. He put one hand on the base of my back and held my body tightly against him. With the other hand he stroked my hip and thigh. I opened my lips and let his tongue enter me. At the same time I opened my legs and wrapped one leg around him. I hoped he would understand the meaning of the gesture. I was open to him and I wanted him inside me. We would have to wait but I wanted him to know that we would not have to wait long.
After what seemed an eternity we broke our kiss. We were both breathless and lost in the moment. A taxi drove toward us and when Jim noticed it he hailed it down and got in when it stopped. I watched as it started to drive away. Suddenly the taxi stopped and Jim called out the window to me.
"Lisa, text me your number," he called, as he passed me his business card through the taxi window.
We had both been so distracted by the after-effects of our kiss that we had almost forgotten to exchange numbers. It would not have been the end of the world, I could have asked our friends at the party, but it would have meant exposing my cards before I was ready. I did not want any of my other men backing off because of a misplaced sense of honour. As I returned to the party I sent Jim a text so he would have my number. I sent him a single "X," a single kiss.
I was disappointed that Jim had had to leave early but in a way I was also relieved. I've experienced the kind of instant chemistry that I felt with Jim before, and it usually ends with me in bed with the object of my lust, but at the moment I was trying to do something different. There were lots more men upstairs and I would not be going home alone tonight. The other men in my group of friends at the party were attractive, but it takes something a little different in a man to really draw me to him. I can't put my finger on what it is exactly but my other friends did not have it. I wasn't going to let that stop me from sleeping with them though, and by the time I got back upstairs to the party I was feeling aroused again.
I decided I needed a champagne, and made a bee line for the bar. While I was waiting, I felt a body move up beside me and an arm slide around my waist. I turned my head to see Ezra smiling at me lewdly and felt his hand wander toward my arse. My body reacted immediately, my nipples hardening and pussy moistening, and I leant toward him slightly and allowed him to stroke my arse.
Ezra had been trying to take me to bed ever since we had first met. He was not a subtle man and until tonight I had not led him on at all. Now though, I was enjoying the game. I realised that before too long I would be in bed with this man, he would be inside me, and his lecherous hands would be all over my bare body. My thoughts ran away with me and I pictured us naked together, my mouth engulfing his cock, his cum in me and on me. My heart was beating very quickly and I could feel a flush rising from my breasts to my cheeks.
"I said, 'What can I get for you,'" I heard as I recovered my senses.
I looked up and saw the barman looking at me with annoyance. At the same time I could feel Ezra's hand exploring the crease of my arse and slowly lifting my skirt.
"Champagne please," I told the barman.
"Behave," I said to Ezra behind me as I slapped his hand away from my arse.
"I'll get that and a glass of white as well please," he said to the barman as he flashed me his sweetest lewd grin again. I am sure he thought it a perfectly charming smile, but his intentions were all too clear for it to be taken as anything but licentious.
When our drinks arrived he put an arm around my waist, with his hand on the curve my arse and hip. This was the least inappropriately he had touched me all night. Nevertheless, I took his hand off my arse, and put it on my hip. He drew me away from the bar and back toward our group of friends.
When we reached our friends I saw Tony who must have just arrived, as he had not been present when I said hello to everyone earlier. I slipped out of Ezra's embrace and walked over to Tony and gave him a kiss.
"You look as stunning as usual Lisa," he said as we kissed cheeks.
He put his hand on my hip and ran his finger nails up and down over my hip a few times. At first I thought he was trying to tickle me.
When he asked, "Did you get dressed in a hurry tonight?" I realised that he was trying to feel my panty line.
With the mood I was in I couldn't help but blush as I said, "No, Tony, I dressed very carefully tonight, is there something wrong with my dress?"
Paul came to my rescue, "Not at all Lisa, Tony was just expressing, in his own unique way, his appreciation that none of your sweet curves are marred by unsightly lines."
I just smiled and took a sip of champagne. My mind was completely addled and there was no way I could come up with any kind of witty response. Tony's hand was still on my hip and Paul's eyes were on my breasts.
Paul and Tony are best friends and usually very charming. Tony had been flirting with me ever since we met, testing the waters I think, to see how I would react if he ever asked me out. Paul, though, had until tonight, seemed completely impervious to my charms. I decided that tonight I would make it clear to both of them that I would accept their invitations if they asked me out.
The party flowed around us and I was drawn into many conversations with our friends. I never strayed too far from Paul and Tony though and when I joined into their conversations I would place a hand on their back or brush my shoulder against them. Towards the end of the night I found Paul and joined his conversation with another man I was not familiar with.
"Ah, Lisa, this is Chris, we've been friends since school," said Paul.
"Hi Chris, it's nice to meet you," I said.
"Hi, it's nice to meet you too," Chris said as we shook hands, and Chris took my hand in both of his, in a warm and friendly greeting.
"You'll have to excuse me though, they've called "last drinks" and I don't want to miss out," he said, as he turned and headed towards the bar.
Paul turned to me then and said, "If you aren't busy tomorrow night how does a drink at Opera Bar sound?"
"I always enjoy a drink with you Paul," I said with a smile, "maybe even some fireworks if we get lucky."
I'd already had two invitations to Opera Bar, but I wanted my acceptance of Paul's invitation to be more personal, as difficult as it was considering that Opera Bar was a regular Friday night haunt for our group.
"Great," Paul replied, with a happy smile, "would you like me to pick you up?"
"It's a lot easier for me to get there straight from work," I replied, "but how about meeting for something to eat first?"
His smile grew as he said, "That sounds great. I'll call you tomorrow to work out the details."
It seemed I had managed to turn Friday night drinks with our friends into a dinner date with Paul and I was quite proud of myself.
Tony chose that moment to return and asked, "What details?"
"Oh, it's nothing," Paul said. "Look, I've got to go, but I'll see you both tomorrow night for drinks at Opera Bar?" said Paul.
"Not me. I'm going to Melbourne tomorrow, remember?" Tony replied, "I'll be gone for a week, so you can't leave yet, it's still early."
"It's not early; they just called 'last drinks,'" Paul said.
Tony turned to me and said, "It's still early isn't it?"
"I don't know what time it is but it's way too early to go home," I replied.
"Whatever, I have to go," Paul said, "maybe you two should have a drink together."
"Sounds like a good idea, what do you think Lisa?" asked Tony.
"I could do with another drink do you have somewhere in mind?" I asked.
"Have you guys seen Paul?" asked Ezra, as he came up to us.
Tony pointed across the room as he said, "He's over there saying his goodbyes."
"Right thanks, I'll see you guys later, Paul's giving me a lift home," Ezra said as he shook Tony's hand.
Ezra said, "Goodnight Lisa," as he leaned towards me and kissed me on the lips and squeezed my arse.
Tony and I were not able to resume our conversation as everyone started to leave at once. A lot of people stopped to say goodbye and chat for a moment as they went past. A few minutes later we found ourselves on the street outside the bar, having been hustled out by the staff.
"Do you still feel like another drink?" Tony asked.
"Yeah, I'm up for it," I replied.
"I know a great little place five minutes walk from here, there's beer, wine, even some classier stuff, or coffee if you prefer," Tony said.
"Are you trying to get me back to your place Tony," I asked, smiling.
"Not at all; everything we need is there, and it's cool and not too crowded," he replied.
"Okay, you've convinced me," I said.
As we walked to Tony's place we chatted about his upcoming trip. He was going for work, but would be taking a few days to catch up with friends and get out on the town. We talked about other things as well but nothing momentous. I let our arms brush together as we walked, I was hoping that he might take my hand, but I did not get a bite.
When we arrived at Tony's he turned on the radio while saying, "Make yourself at home Lisa."
He had a little bar area which I leant against while I looked at his collection of drinks.
After turning the radio on and hiding a little mess here and there he joined me at the bar. "What can I get you," he asked.
"How about some Frangelico and ice," I suggested.
"No problem," he said, and starting pouring our drinks.
When he finished he came around the bar and joined me. "Cheers," he said "to us!"
"To us," I returned.
After our toast he was silent for a few moments as he looked into my eyes. Judging by the expressions passing over his face he was trying to decide something. Eventually, he looked like he had made a decision.
He reached out to me and stroked my upper arm as he said, "You know I've liked you for a long time Lisa."
"I know, and I like you too, Tony," I said, "and we've become good friends."
"Yeah, but I always hoped we would be more than friends," he said with an expression so wistful I could almost feel his disappointment.
"Tony, we can be friends and be more than friends," I replied with a cheeky smile, as I put my hand on his hip.
"I don't understand you, friends, more than friends, what do you mean?" he asked.
"I don't want a relationship, I don't want a boyfriend, but I can still have a boy friend," I said, putting emphasis on the last word.
"And we can be friends, and we can be more than friends, so long as you understand you aren't my boyfriend," I said, emphasising the last word again.
"I think I see," he said, "we can be friends; friends with benefits."
"Yes," I said, "exactly."
"And that's all I can have," he said, "all I can ever have?"
"Yes," I replied, as I stroked his hip, "Ever is a long time, but I don't see myself in a relationship for a long time, maybe years."
As he leaned towards me, he said, "If that's all I can have, I won't say no." Then he kissed me.
As we kissed I could feel his hands all over my body. His touch was rough and urgent. After flirting and teasing all night my own need was just as urgent and I welcomed the manhandling as he squeezed my breasts and grabbed my arse.
As he clutched my arse he pulled me against him and I could feel his hardness through our clothes. I had a sudden craving to taste his cock so I freed myself from his hands and knelt in front of him. In my eagerness I fumbled with his pants as I undid them. Eventually I had his pants around his ankle and his pulsing cock was standing upright in my face.
I was rapidly losing control of my lust and I devoured his cock, taking the entire length into my mouth in one gulp. I rapidly slid my mouth up and down his shaft. I could feel the head deep in the back of my throat each time I plunged my mouth down over it.
My fervour surprised a grunt out of him, "Uhhhhh," he said, "Oh god, oh god Lisa, yes, that's sooooo gooood."
I was completely lost in my lust by this time. I had so many conflicting desires, I wanted to taste his cum and feel him shooting in my mouth, but I also needed his cock in me to release me from my pent up state of arousal, and at the same time I wanted to feel his cum splashing on my body. I was incapable of making decisions though and I just continued to ride his cock with my mouth.
"Oh god yes Lisa, suck it," I heard him whisper, "suck it for me baby."
I could feel the juices dripping out of my pussy by now. I was a slave to my lust. I was close to cumming myself, even though I had hardly been touched. I moved into a squatting position and let my skirt ride up. I needed release and was about to start playing with my clit.
As I changed position though Tony lifted me to my feet and said, "Come on baby I want to feel my cock inside of you."
I stood up and noticed that he was now naked. He must have taken his shirt off while I was going down on him. He kissed me deeply and lifted my skirt as he felt up my pussy.
"It's so hot that you're so wet Lisa," he said as he slid a finger inside of me.
As his finger entered me it released a wave of heat that radiated out from my pussy and through my entire body. I was so close to cumming that his finger was almost enough to send me over me edge. I started to moan uncontrollably as he slid his finger in and out of me.
I wanted to feel his body against my skin and I reached down and lifted my dress. I pulled it up and off over my head. I leaned up and kissed him as our bodies pressed together and his finger in my pussy finally gave me a beautiful orgasm. I felt like my whole body was going to melt. My knees quivered and my body shuddered.
Tony removed his finger from me and turned me around. He pushed me forward, bending me over. I leaned on the bar as I felt him line his cock up with my pussy. I could feel the head begin to enter me and it was delicious. Suddenly he pushed his entire length into me in one thrust. I was so wet and ready that it slid in easily. He began long hard thrusts into me. Each time he pounded his cock into me he shoved me forward. I pushed back as hard as I could, meeting his thrusts, driving his length deep inside me as far as it could go.
I was so wet I had soaked his crotch and each time he plunged his cock into me it made a wet slapping noise. Slap, slap, slap. Sometimes when he pulled back out of me there was a wet slurping noise as my sopping pussy reluctantly let go of his shaft. Tony was grunting with each thrust, and I couldn't help but grunt along with him each time he penetrated me. Our lovemaking was loud and furious and it just excited me even more, knowing that the neighbours could probably hear us.
After what seemed like hours of endless climaxes, but couldn't have been more than a few minutes, Tony squeezed my hips hard. He pulled me back to meet his thrusts, which somehow became more powerful, harder, and rougher. I knew he was about to cum, that he was about to shoot his load into me. I thrust my arse up and leant further forward opening myself to him as far as I could.
He groaned as he came. I think he tried to say something, maybe to swear his undying love to me, but he was way past being able to make any sense when he spoke.
It seemed like a long time before we could move. I could feel the occasional drop of sweat hit my back and the much more frequent trickle of cum down my inner thigh. Eventually he pulled out of me with a wet plopping noise. I managed to find my feet somehow and went to the bathroom to clean up a little.
When I returned he was leaning out the window having a cigarette.
"You don't smoke," I said.
"I know," he replied, "but I needed one after that. You could kill a man that way you know Lisa."
I couldn't help but smile, as I said, "I haven't killed anyone yet sweetie."
I poured myself a coke from his fridge and climbed up on his bar to drink it. I sat and drank and watched him smoke out the window. I could still feel cum dripping from my pussy. I was going to leave a wet patch on his bar. Maybe something like marking my territory.
When he finished his cigarette, he turned and asked me, "Will you stay the night?"
"Yes," I said, "but I will have to leave early. I have to work tomorrow."
"That's okay," he said, "just so long as you stay I won't complain."
"Good," I said, "now go and brush your teeth stinky cigarette boy."
While he was brushing his teeth I walked to the bedroom and pulled the covers down. I lay down on my side and propped my head on my hand on my elbow. I lifted my right knee into the air with my foot behind my left knee. I moved my left knee forward, so my thigh was at right angles with my body as well as my left calf.
I wanted more and I wanted Tony to have no doubt of it. My legs were open, I could feel my pussy lips were open, I was wet again and I was sure they were glistening. I wanted him to see me as an open invitation.
I heard him wandering around after cleaning his teeth. "Where are you?" he called.
"In here baby," I replied.
I was tingling with anticipation as I listened to his footsteps approaching the bedroom.
"Oh god," he said as he entered the room, "you look so fucking hot Lisa."
"You didn't think I was finished with you did you?" I asked.
"God you really will be the death of me," he said, "I'm not sure I can even do it again."
"You're full of it Tony," I said, "I can see you getting hard just looking at me."
He looked down at his manhood and smiled up at me, "Well it's quite a view from where I'm standing," he said.
"Come and eat me sweetie," I said.
"Mmmmmm, dessert," he said, grinning.
He walked over to the bed and knelt on the bottom of the bed. He leant forward and started to lick my pussy. He licked the entire length of my slit, he nibbled on my upper thighs, he sent shivers up my spine. He licked and sucked on my opening, slurping up my juices. He probed his tongue as deeply as he could into my pussy.
I put my hands on his head and guided his tongue to my clit. As he licked my clit he sent waves of pleasure through my body. I pushed my hips up off the bed at his face seeking more pressure on my clit.
"That's it sweetie," I said, "That feels wonderful."
His tongue was driving me crazy. He was pushing me ever closer to more orgasms. I lifted my knees and opened my legs as wide as I could stretch them. I needed something inside me and I was driven to open myself in preparation for being entered.
"Slip one finger into me sweetie," I said, "and see if you can find my g-spot."
He did as I asked. He didn't seem able to find my g-spot, and gave up and simply began thrusting his finger into me. I was beginning to think he would need further instruction when he began to rub his finger along the front wall of my pussy. It wasn't exactly where I needed him to go but it was near enough and sent a searing heat through my body.
"Yes, that's it," I said, "Don't stop doing that baby."
I began to moan as another orgasm approached. As my climax neared I raised my hips off the bed, thrusting my pussy into his face. I held his mouth against my clitoris as my orgasm moved through my body, convulsing my muscles and forcing a squeal out of my throat. My pussy was suddenly completely sopping and I'm sure I shot cum onto his face and into his mouth.
I couldn't move. It was barely all I could do to utter, "Stop, baby, stop."
I lay back and enjoyed the feeling of complete satiation. For a few moments afterwards my pussy would twitch now and then, and send another shockwave of pleasure through me. I was sure I had left a huge wet patch in his bed.
When I regained my senses I noticed that Tony was lying beside me in bed with his erection pressed against my leg.
"Lie back baby," I said.
When he had settled onto his back I straddled him. I took his cock in one hand and held it up while I moved into position above it. I held it in place while I lowered myself. I let go when I felt the head ease into me and then I slid down quickly and impaled myself on him.
Once I had him buried deep inside me I began to slowly rock back and forth on his cock. I seemed completely insatiable tonight and I could feel myself heading toward another climax. I continued to rock back and forth, rubbing his cock against my g-spot. I could feel the heat in my pussy as I got closer and closer to cumming.
I looked down at him and he had his head pushed back into the pillows with a look of ecstasy on his face. He began to thrust up and down into me in time with my rocking. It was perfect. I could feel myself becoming wetter and wetter and began to hear little slurping noises as we moved against one another. The noises became louder and louder as I got closer to cumming.
I began to feel a flush come over my entire body and knew I was about to cum again. I rocked harder on his cock, trying to get more force against my g-spot, and then I was cumming again. It felt like lightning shooting out from my pussy all the way to my extremities, leaving goose bumps where it passed.
I wanted to make Tony cum now, and I began to ride up and down on his shaft as fast as I could, using my thigh muscles to give long hard strokes up and down his cock. I could feel my boobs bouncing up and down on my chest as I rode him. I put my hands under my boobs to stop them from bouncing, but he took my hands away and I watched him as he watched my boobs bounce.
His eyes were half closed and his mouth was open. He was groaning with each of my strokes. He put my hands on his shoulders, and put one of his hands in front of my boobs and watched as they bounced against his hand.
"Do you like that baby?" I asked.
"Oh yeah," he gasped out breathlessly between thrusts, "fuck yeah."
"Good baby, I like your big hard cock in me too sweetie," I said. "Tell me when you are going to cum, cos I want you to cum in my mouth."
"Oh god yes," he said, "yes, yes."
"Do you want to fill my mouth with your sweet cum?" I asked.
"Fuck yes," he answered. "Fuck me, fuck me."
"Do you want to watch as I swallow your cum, baby?" I asked.
"Yes, yes, now," he said, "I'm going to cum!"
I got off him then and knelt beside him. I started stroking his cock rapidly with my hand. He was pushing his hips up off the bed at my hand and I could tell he would cum very soon. I took just the head of his cock into my mouth and licked and sucked on it as I continued to stroke the length of it with my hand.
He began to cum then and I let his first shot go into my mouth. I swallowed it as I angled his cock toward his feet, then I moved my face between his legs and rubbed the head against my cheek, letting him shoot wads of cum on my cheek. As his cum ran down my cheek I took him back in my mouth and swallowed the rest of his load.
I continued to stroke his cock and suck the head until he stopped twitching and had nothing left for me to swallow. Then I moved up the bed and lay back. I could feel his cum on my cheek running back into my hair and down my neck. I couldn't move. I just lay there and let it dry on my face and in my hair.
Sometime later, Tony took me in his arms and put my head on his shoulder. We lay like that for a while, drowsy, on the verge of sleep.
"Oh god Lisa," I heard him say as I dozed off, "we have to do that again."
'Not yet,' I replied as I dreamed, 'in the morning.'
Then I slept.