Nanotech clothes change shape, color, and transparency
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
I got a call, "Hello, Becky Sue, it's Tex at Red Horizons. Remember me?"
"Sure do. Co-Founder of the Zero-G club. What can I do for you?"
"I was hoping you would say that."
"Oh? What are you getting me into?"
"I've had to hang up my space spurs. Something to do with getting old and launch stress." He sighed. "I'm in management now. Given my experience in orbit and the lab, I am now involved in the Mars Mission development, and I need some help. My guys are very good at solving technical problems, but not so good at other kinds of problems. I've already tried the inspired thinkers in the company, but that didn't get us very far. The higher-ups finally decided to let me outsource this issue. Your name was at the top of my list, as you are a very original thinker, who doesn't mind getting in the technical weeds."
"Thank you for the vote of confidence. What would I be working on?"
"I can't speak on an open line about the technical stuff, but it would be clothing for the long trip."
"I take it full closets and washing machines are not too desirable?"
"Oh, we'll have washing machines, all right, but the full closet is an issue. Less weight means better economics or better resources. We have a solution, of sorts, but we are running into problems, and I think your kind of expertise is needed."
"Consider me interested. I have three weeks left on my latest promotion tour, but I can come right after."
"Great, I'll send the contract over, and see you then."
I spoke with Filipe about my change of plans, and asked if he wanted to come meet Tex, and maybe get a tour of the place and see all the neat technological stuff they have. He was interested, but needed to return for another shoot after a few days. Filipe found and rented me a bachelor pad near Red Horizons, with an enclosed garage, as I was driving my own car on tour. I spoke with the production company, and they added another stop that would be on the route I would be taking to Red Horizons.
The tour finished without incident, and Filipe went to the management office to pick up the keys to the pad. Filipe knows what I like. The pad looked nice, and even had a king-size bed, and an extra-large bath and a Jacuzzi. I called Tex to let him know I had arrived, and asked if he'd like to take us to dinner.
I had time for a leisurely bath, and I decided to wear my Space Pussy outfit, complete with ears and tail. The doorbell rang just before six, and I opened the door after checking the peephole.
"Hello, Tex, who is this lovely young lady by your side?"
They both did a double-take, but Tex was on the ball. "Hello, Ms. Galore, allow me to introduce my wife, Samantha."
"Pleased to meet you, ma'am. Please, call me Kitty."
"But Tex told me your name was Becky Sue."
"It is, when I am in disguise."
Tex whispered to Samantha, and I heard him say, "She's in character. Just go with it. She's fun."
"Very well, Kitty, please call me Sam."
"Tex, Sam, we are ready. Shall we go?"
"Sure." We followed them out to their car, and got in the back, putting my legs on the far side, while Filipe put his legs over mine.
Tex said, "I thought you could sit next to me."
"Tex, I'm sure your car is very good at what it is designed to do. However, it was not designed with someone of my stature. I will be far more comfortable in back."
They got in, and Tex drove us into the city, and pulled into a fancy restaurant. "I hope they don't have a problem with your outfit. They can be picky."
"Don't worry. I got it covered."
We all got out and Tex handed the valet his keys. As we got to the entrance, there was a bit of a hitch. The hostess said she needed to check with management, as I was not in the recommended attire. She asked for patience as she called him. I overheard it all.
"Sir, Mandy here out in front. We have a guest not in standard attire. I think it is over the allowed limits, but wanted your opinion."
"Let me check the video feed.... THAT'S KITTY GALORE! Give her the best table. I'll be out to meet her shortly."
"Yes, si-- "
She was interrupted by the call being hung up. She put her phone away, and said, "Right this way." She checked her seating chart, and led us to a table next to the orchestra. I got many double-takes as we walked there, including one busboy that ran into another, followed by several dishes breaking on the floor. I also spotted the manager closing in on us. Mandy took our orders for drinks and left.
The manager then stepped up. "Hello, ladies and gentlemen. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Robert Johnson, owner of this establishment. Welcome. Ms. Galore, if you sit here, you will get the best view of the band, and can see how we humans like to entertain ourselves during a fancy meal."
"Thank you, Mr. Johnson. I do so love this interspecies ritual sharing. It leads to a better understanding between us."
"My pleasure, ma'am. If you or your companions need anything, just mention my name." He bowed to me, then to the others, before returning to his office.
"Tex told me you were famous, but wow. Just wow. I've been here a number of times with Tex, but I have never seen such a display."
"Kitty, do you think he saw any of your documentaries?" I knew he meant the films, but he was being in character.
"Most definitely. I'm surprised he didn't offer any catnip."
Sam asked, "Catnip?" Tex leaned over and whispered to his wife. "Oh my!"
We had an excellent dinner, and about two hours later, it was time to go. I pulled a hardback book from my purse, and opened it, revealing it was actually a book shaped container. I pulled out a photo of Kitty Galore in the Captain's chair, and signed it 'Great meal, from Kitty to Robert'. When the waiter returned with the bill, Tex paid, but I gave an envelope addressed to Robert, to the waiter. I asked him to give it to the owner.
Back at the pad, Tex and Sam stayed and chatted for another hour. Tex told me he would meet me in the lobby the next day. After they left, I undressed and had sex with Filipe, before going to bed. In the morning, after showering, I considered what would likely happen today. Filipe would leave, and I figured I would be meeting a lot of suits, so I decided to wear the Mortal Kombat palace dress, sans weapons. Almost the same as I wore at the premiere. I did summon a simple necklace, but with the circled gold dragon on an obsidian background, as a pendant. I did skip the wig, as I wasn't going to be 'in character' today.
When I arrived, I pulled into the visitor's lot, and entered the very large building. I stopped about ten feet in when I looked up. There, above me, was a replica of me on the same hang glider I used on Everest. When I looked at the walls, I saw the one behind the glider was a photo of Everest, covering the entire wall. The opposite wall was covered with an artist's rendition of the spaceship they planned to send to Mars. I must have been staring at them for a long time, because a guard touched my arm and got my attention.
"Miss, can I help you?"
"Oh! Sorry. I was taken aback by the art. It brings back memories of my expedition, and subsequent flight. Is that the same hang glider I used?"
He looked up, and did a double-take, suddenly realizing the woman flying was standing in front of him. "Ms. Tate, it is. There is a plaque on the wall below the summit. Is there something I can help you with?"
"Oh, yes. I am here to see Thaddeus Xander. He's expecting me. You know, Tex."
"Okay, let's call him, and get you squared away." He called, and was surprised at what he was told. "It seems, we need to take you into Security, so we can get you a contractor's badge, not just a visitor badge. Tex should be here by the time we are finished." Ten minutes later, I had a badge, with a blue stripe, and a red circle, and Tex was waiting for me, smiling.
"Welcome, Obsidian, or is it Becky Sue?"
"While I wear the outfit, I am not in character, today. I figured there would be too many suits to risk play."
"You figured right." He looked at the time, and said, "I have nearly an hour before the first meeting to get you started. Please follow me." We walked quickly to an elevator, and went to his office on the fourth floor, passing two security checkpoints on the way.
"Security is tight on this one. Your badge has a blue stripe indicating you are cleared for the fourth and fifth floors, and the red circle indicates you are working on the Mars project. Your badge is also radio monitored, so security knows where it is at all times while you are on the campus."
"How big is the campus?"
"The campus consists of this building, and five others here, with a test facility out past the woods in back. All told, a few square miles of land. So, I thought you would be here earlier."
"I was. But Everest claimed my attention until the guard nudged me."
"I forgot about that. Yeah, while the tent glider didn't pan out, it did give us great info for making a rugged heavy glider. Think we licensed it, or maybe sold it, but having the original here is just PR gold. There's a copy at the Smithsonian.... Ah, here we are; my office."
I looked about, and saw a lot of paper strewn about. Someday we will have a paperless office, but not yet. The desk was surprisingly clear. I saw a picture of his wife on the wall, and on the opposite was the photo I had sent him when 'Space Pussy' came out. The same I gave the owner of the restaurant. He saw me looking, and smiled.
"Put simply, the reason I asked you here was because you have innovative ideas, and are well aware of the issues clothes have. Your size means you deal with clothing far more intimately than most people. Our broad plan is to get rid of the clothing entirely. While being naked all the time is okay for some, we are not counting on that. We have created a replacement. The technical side has some issues. We think we have a handle on them. This is what we have: nanotech. Did you see the movie 'Virtuosity'?"
"No, why?" realizing he was getting into the nitty-gritty, I focused my mind on a light touch to understand him better.
"It shows nanotech at work. Basically, a lot of very tiny machines working together as a swarm to accomplish a bigger task."
"Oh, I know. Kind of like the replicators from Stargate."
"Yes, but without the evil will. They cannot create more of themselves, and have severe limits on what they can do. Basically, they can link up in different configurations to assemble as tools or even protective clothing."
"Sounds cool. What's the hitch?"
"Control. We are able to program them with a few patterns, but triggering it requires you to manually communicate via a keyboard to change what outfit it is displaying. And entering new patterns is kind of a chore. Then you have to select the color and other things. While you can save patterns, it can take over an hour to input one. We were hoping you could help us there."
"What of the other problems?"
"Weight is important, but power is a bigger problem. When the pattern changes, it takes up a lot of power. Figuring out how to reduce that power consumption is a big issue, but we are making progress. Recharging is a bitch as well."
"I would like to talk to the techs who have been working on this, to see what they have done so far."
"I thought as much. They are the last group of people we are seeing today. We have pizza and soft drinks to loosen them up."
"Good idea."
We chatted about the initial concept, and how it evolved to what they currently have. We also talked about some of the problems and dead ends they dealt with. Finally, it was time to meet the suits.
That meeting was long-winded, mainly because a number of them liked the sound of their own voices. I dropped my mental monitoring, as these folks likely would not have much to contribute to what I needed. Four stood out. Two were visionaries, trying to see in me a solution to their problem. The third was clearly against my participation because I was only an actress. The first time he said it, I pushed back, saying I was the same actress who invented the space sex industry, and I did it by hard work in orbit. I also whammied him to be cowed by my confidence, and go along with what everyone else wanted. The last, was odd. He wasn't very passionate, but he was focused on the problem. He also had a smile that leaked out when others weren't watching. I found out why when he bowed at the end of the meeting.
He said, "Obsidian, flawless victory."
I had to smile. "For the first round. But there will be more matches to come, no?"
He just nodded back.
Next up, was lunch. The meeting had taken that long. The cafeteria was on the first floor, and was rather well appointed. Even better was the fact that to pay, all you had to do was swipe your badge.
Tex said, "All employee and contractor badges are linked to the account we pay you. That way, you don't have to worry about having the correct change, and buying someone else's lunch just means letting them go first. So what do you think of the suits?"
"At least one is a fan."
"Huh? Who was that?"
"Mr. Madison, the project accountant, I think."
"Him? He barely said a thing."
"True, he sat back and listened. I mean, he listened. The few questions he asked were very astute. But did you see him hiding a smile?"
"Smile? He scowls, or is blank-faced. The few times I've heard about, his poker face is perfect."
"He was smiling. And at the end, he said, 'flawless victory', so he clearly recognized my outfit."
"Oh man, my world is shattered. Madison smiled."
"You'll get over it."
"True."
After lunch, he showed me to my desk. I shared an office with two others, but there were four desks. That's when HR came. They were there to instruct me on such things as my company email, passwords, timekeeping, and so on. The biggest subject was company secrecy. I rolled my eyes when HR wasn't looking, and my office mates snickered. Then there were the forms. I thought the legalese of movies was bad. It took nearly two hours. I was reading through some of the policies when the computer alarm beeped at me. As I heard the other two computers go off at the same time, I wasn't surprised when the guys got up.
One said, "Becky Sue, I'm Thomas, and this nerd beside me is Harold. When we learned you were coming, we were uncertain, so we checked you out. We are both fans of your movies..."
"Love your Mortal Kombat outfit."
"... but it was the work you did inventing the zero-gravity sex machines that convinced us you are legit. That is for this project."
"But we can't stay. The meeting starts shortly. Since you won't know where anything is, we've been tasked as your guides. We are both also attending, so please, join us, and we'll show you the way."
We chatted about my films on the way. At the meeting, Tex introduced everyone, and he introduced me as a very smart person in her own fields, and she knows how to think out of the box. That got a few snickers. It took nearly an hour to describe all the things they thought the nanotech should be able to do, and the many problems they were having with control. When they asked my input, it was clear they didn't think I would be able to come up with a miracle.
"Let me see. You have over ten varieties of nanites, that need to interact in controlled ways, but the management overhead is dwarfing the productivity. Correct?"
Heads nodded, and several voiced their agreement.
"Sounds like a classic case of micromanagement." More nods. "But the sheer scale is the driver of the productivity loss... Well, what examples of real systems can we use?"
Tom said, "There aren't any."
I replied, "I can think of several off the bat. Biology: the hive mind. Termites, ant colonies, coral, and others. I read somewhere that they use some very basic rules to create great works. Another general system: CGI landscapes. They use simple rule-sets involving fractals somehow, but they generate random, but realistic alien landscapes. Also, CGI have motion capture systems. They collect the geometry of the artist, and the computer translates it into a different form on screen."
There was stunned silence. Nearly twenty seconds later, I heard someone say, "We've been examining the trees so much, we forgot it was part of a forest. And that termite example, I remember reading it. The rule-set involved defining things on the local scale, but when carried out over a larger area, it translated into something far more sophisticated."
Before they could get going, I dropped another bombshell. "About that pattern inputting, that CGI I mentioned is also used for making realistic people. They need geometry data of how people are built, and they apply gravity, flexibility, and other things to the clothes worn by the characters. Check out high-end simulation games. Some even let you scan a picture, and it translates that into the clothes worn by your avatar. You could license that for your clothes-pattern input. As to control, these days everyone has a watch with a screen, or a smartphone. You can view pictures and text, and you can answer by text, or even by voice. Let that be your operational control, leaving the fancy stuff, like new patterns, for better ways."
That set off even more talk. It got so heated, that everyone practically ignored me. So when the pizza arrived, I started passing it around. Tex noticed, but not many others did. When I finished passing out a slice to everyone, I took two for myself and sat down next to Tex.
"Becky Sue, I think you just passed a miracle. They have not been this animated in months. And the ideas are flowing by at a rapid clip."
"You think any of them will pan out?"
"Most won't, but they will spark other ideas. Do you have any ideas for this project?"
"Actually yes. When you said protective clothing, I wondered about non-protective clothing."
"Non-protective clothing?"
"Yeah. Like casual clothes such as we are wearing now. If you can get it light enough, and changeable enough, it could take the fashion industry by storm. Remember I mentioned Stargate? Some characters had armor that collapsed into a collar or belt. Imagine a shirt that could be long sleeves for business, but short sleeves when you leave the office to go to a party. Or a dress that could vary its length based on how the wearer felt? Fashion gold that. I, of course, would be glad to model it for you."
"I bet. And if you wore a toga, it would go over one shoulder, but it would leave a breast bare."
"Yep, if I thought I could get away with it. I did have another idea about control, but it would be a bit more advanced."
"Oh!"
"Yes. If the outfit could sense when you touched it, it could follow your touch for redefining its shape. It could select colors by displaying a series of colors, and you selected the one you wanted. But the most ambitious would be some kind of mental interface. If much of the scalp were covered in a very thin layer, allowing hair to pass, it could act as a receiver or even a transceiver of thought. Yeah, I know, we don't have it yet, but if you can invent it with some kind of learning neural net, think of the possibilities. If they are willing, the user could have an interface chip implanted. They already do that for blind folk. Pushing that technology, however, is a lot more difficult than a mesh that reads your mind."
"You're right, but we don't have to implant anything. The gamers already have VR headsets. Those would work just fine, and are already on the mission equipment list."
"You're right. I think they can even track eye movement to control an interface projected onto the goggles."
"That just leaves the mind-reading trick. That will be hard."
"I might have some ideas about that. Lately, my mind has been extraordinarily clear, I am able to focus on an idea to the exclusion of all else, and I have certain skills that might help."
"That could help. What are the skills you have?"
"Well, I don't want to mention them." Then I used my mental skills to say directly to his mind, "At least not out loud. Don't say anything. Just think about saying it."
His eyes got very big, and he almost said something, but he caught himself. I asked him to save the questions on that skill set for my place.
Eventually, Tex called the meeting, and told everyone to write down all the ideas they had or heard, good or bad, and email him by lunch the next day. He would then organize them, and assign tasks looking into the feasibility and difficulty of each.
Tom and Harry walked me back to my desk. Harry asked, "So, how do you like the crew?"
"They are quite vocal, and seemed inspired tonight."
"That they are. What you said floored them. Tex made the right call. I hope the higher-ups recognize that."
"Yeah, what you said about biology having already solved it, I think was a key insight. We may even get more people hired because of it."
"So we might get a fourth for bridge?"
"Yeah. We might even have a pool for what his name is."
"Put down five dollars for me on Richard."
"Why?"
"We have Tom and Harry. I could use a good Dick around here."
Tom groaned, but Harry said, "Nice one."
The next several days, I visited each of the team at their desk. I would tap into their thoughts as I asked about their work. By having them explain things to me, it helped them to clarify their thoughts. I would then offer observations and questions that occurred to me as a way to get them to get past any problems I see. Tex backed me, because it was energizing the team into thinking, and that was making progress.
Tex also was putting together a team to check into making a mental interface that could control the system. To that end, he got an agreement with another division of the company to send some researchers over for a while, with me as the object of research. The office next to mine was also for several people, and he put the researchers there. On the weekend, we met at my place, and spoke about how I thought my mental abilities could help. We also discussed what to tell the researchers, as I didn't want to let them know about it. After explaining my aversion to becoming a lab rat for the government or big tech, he agreed it should be a secret. We both agreed, however, my meditation would be a good start to get baseline info.
On Monday, Tex and I met the researchers. We set out a plan, and I would be wired up, starting the next day. We agreed to a morning session of two hours, and an afternoon session as well. The other half day I would be helping the nanotech team, and they would be analyzing the data.
I also kept up a social life, which included bars and clubs, but also gyms where I could do some serious working out. I even joined a local dojo as a part-time instructor for master-level students. I found plenty of sex at the bars and clubs, and occasionally at the gym. Being an instructor at the dojo, however, I discouraged it there.
Over the next two months, the team showed significant improvements, to the point that management became happy with my work, even if I didn't seem to be doing much other than talking. Tex explained to them that I was like a lubricant. I didn't do work, but made work easier for others to do. And the results they were seeing were the proof.
The people studying my brain were also happy. It seems my meditation was quite clean, allowing them to get a baseline much better than they usually got from test subjects. Likewise, when they had me think of shapes, colors, or other things, the data was unusually clean. This meant that their neural network was able to learn at a fantastic rate. It was when they got the error rate low enough; that they asked if they could try to connect it to the nanotech the team was working on.
They spent a week getting the two systems to talk reliably. Then came the big day: I wore a dress and shoes, nothing else. For the test, I took off my shoes and put them aside. I wore the helmet with the neural-net interface and transceiver that spoke to the nanites. The test began with a block of nanites sufficient to cover me with a quarter inch layer. They had already been tested on a dummy, to ensure the nanites would not try to enter me, or cover my face.
The big test was attended by the whole team, but no managers. [They saw the test on the dummy.] The nanites were deliberately slowed, just in case an abort needed to happen, or corrections on the fly. No one expected it, but we were prepared. The test began, and my foot resting on the top of the block quickly sank into it. Then they started climbing my leg. As my dress barely covered my vagina, everyone could see it rise evenly, and accommodate the shape of my leg. When it was about to go under my dress, I lifted it off, revealing everything, just as I planned. While some were shocked, and others stared, I just acted casually. Tex chuckled.
I felt them cover my vagina, and even briefly seem about to enter, but it recognized my anatomy and instead formed a seamless covering. It continued to expand to my other half, until it encircled my hips. Then it expanded upwards, and also down the other leg. The leg expansion was much faster, as it was using the first leg as a pattern for shape. As it neared my foot, I lifted it off the ground until it was covered. By this time, I had a smoothed dimple over my belly button, and the lower breasts were a third covered.
There was a drawback in this slow creep of nanites. Crossing and covering my vagina got me sensitized, and as it covered my lower nipples, I got aroused, and my nipples expanded. The nanites handled it great. Better, in fact, than the audience did. By the time my upper nipples were about to be covered, my nipples were all at two inches long. By the time they were covered, I had visibly had an orgasm. Again, I had planned to do it and allowed myself to be easily aroused. Although I wasn't exactly looking, I could sense a number of guys had some serious erections, and two had accidents.
At my neck, they continued until they came to my jaw. When it sensed it was widening quickly, it stopped and backed off to the base of my neck. When everyone saw that, they realized it had stopped at the correct point in the process. A great round of applause lasted a few minutes. Then we got into the flexibility testing. While I was no acrobat, I was fairly flexible, and was able to determine that it handled the situation well. Then it was time for the 'biological processes' test, or in other words, the bathroom test.
While they weren't sure how to test it, I was, and I went between two desks. I lifted a leg onto one, then leaned onto the other one, so I could lift a leg onto it. I then went into a full split with my legs in a one-eighty.
"Okay, folks, gather round. This test requires the suit open enough to allow me to use the facilities. While I don't need to, now, I am in this position, so you can get a close up look at the process and verify it is working properly."
"You do realize you will be exposed?"
"Yes. It's one of the reasons I am a good subject for this test. I have zero embarrassment about my body. Oh, you also need to have someone looking from behind."
I waited until they were positioned.
"Okay, Becky Sue, we are recording again."
At that, I gave the thought for the 'bathroom' command, and it happened, but not wide enough. "Looks like we have a problem. There is enough for a small dick to squeeze in, but it needs to be much larger for using the facilities. How does the back look?"
One of the people behind me said, "About the same."
Another team member said, "Got it logged. Next?"
I then gave the thought for the 'finished bathroom' command, and it closed.
The next test was for color shifting. I gave the thought for 'color', and a swath of color appeared on both forearms. These were examined, and some issues noted. Then I tapped a color and the swath spread out, but in the same space. This was to fine tune the color choice. More notes, and then I tapped a color and the colors expanded again. The next time I tapped, not on the color, but rather the nearby accept symbol. Suddenly, the entire suite changed to my selected color. Again, there were some issues.
At last, we had sufficient data for a while, and it was decided to finish the test. By this time, we were on the far side of the large room. We agreed, and I gave the thought command for 'undress'. While my upper half was revealed quickly, I had to lift a foot before the leg began to be revealed, in the reverse of how it went on. As the cube began to form at the other foot, I had to lift it also for it to finally come off. They weighed it, and saw it was the same, so they knew all of it had come off. So they then took the helmet from me, and started checking it.
While those in charge of the test were focused on the data collection, and ensuring it was all stored for analysis, the rest just took the opportunity to stare at my naked body. It was nearly five minutes before someone decided to mention it.
"Um, Becky Sue?"
"Yes?"
"You're naked."
I looked down, and said, "Seems you're right. Anyone see where my clothes went?" I didn't even attempt to cover up. I waited, and a few minutes later, someone else brought them to me. I casually put my shoes on first, bending at the waist, before I put the dress on. When I briefly looked at Tex, he quickly hid his smile, and looked away. After a few minutes, I moved to sit down with some of the others who were idle. It didn't take long for someone to ask.
"Yeah, I was so focused on the test, I forgot I was naked. But as to being seen naked, I don't mind at all. My current sex life is getting laid by about ten different men per week, at various bars and clubs. I even somehow wind up having a gang bang or two a month."
To another question, I answered, "No, it doesn't bother me. I like the variety, and I get to tell lots of interesting tales to my husband. He also tells me his tales, but I have far more sex than him. We both knew it had to be this way before we married, and so we have been a happy family ever since."
Over the next several months, several things changed. I assisted in about one full outfit test a week, and when I was to get ready, I simply got naked. There were fewer watchers, as it was harder to justify doing nothing. But I started to see a number of the team members at the bars and clubs, and most had sex with me. When I overheard two women complaining the guys got all the fun, I went to them and said I enjoyed sex with women, and they enjoyed me. Two nights later, the first woman of the team tried me on. She must have indicated her enjoyment, as some other women on the team showed up to have sex with me.
The people working on the helmet also used the data to refine the control interface, and began to get a simplified unit rather than the bulky helmet. I suggested a tiara which could have a tiny laser jewel over the forehead for short-range data communication, as well as a short-range radio connection to the nanites directly. I even suggested the nanites could connect up the back of the next for a hard connection. However, all this data necessitated a larger neural net that needed more power when it processed data. So a belt pack was designed for power, communication, and computation. It also held extra power for the nanites, as their own needs went up sharply when anything changed.
Along with the main developments, there was a group using test dummies to increase the protection of the nanites. Another was working on isolating damaged nanites and removing them from service. A third was working on a 'cloth-only' nanite that was far lighter and even more flexible. I did take a three-week break to shoot a movie. When I got back, I got to test the 'cloth' nanites. It lacked many things, but it was light enough to be reasonable. By then, no one batted an eye when I was naked during a test. It was nearly a year into it that the neural net had a breakthrough. I was now able to think an image of an outfit, in color, and have it read that image and drive the cloth to create it. The time to switch from one outfit to another was down to a few seconds.
This led to another breakthrough. They had been analyzing several other people, learning to read their minds also. One of the tests was to have each person try on another person's unit to see how broadly it could recognize things. My unit was consistently better than others at reading a mind, but they chalked it up to more hours. But as the other units started recognizing things, they saw my unit did the same earlier. And the breakthrough for me was also echoed by advancing faster at reading others' minds. It seemed my unit had now learned to ignore the noise, and was able to see only what it needed, which let it learn more quickly. They eventually scrapped the other units and cloned mine.
After a year and a half, the project was declared a success. It would still continue, but in the areas of refinement, weight reduction, power reduction, and other improvements. But it was good enough for the trip. There was another meeting with the suits at this time to discuss plans on how to announce it. I wasn't initially invited, but I fixed that. While I didn't intrude on much of the discussion, I did speak up when it came to publicity. I said I knew a lot about that, and they heard me out. I suggested that in addition to the Consumer Electronic Show, and other high-tech showcases, that they should also do the circuit of science fiction and fantasy conventions.
Mr. Madison asked, "Why should we do them?"
"They may not be in a position to purchase it, but they are a well-connected group of people who will see in it far more than you ever expected. Additionally, entertainment people will see it and hear about it. Just imagine the movies set in the future where a person's clothes can change at a whim? That's even more PR. PR drives sales, and sales will drive down costs, while driving up profits. You want this for the Mars trip to reduce weight, and it does that by eliminating much if not all clothing needs, while maintaining clothing variety. Wouldn't it be even better if you make a profit?"
"My kids are definitely ones to hear about such things, and I know I hear about all sorts of things from them. Sometimes, I have even heard interesting things that apply to business. Thank you, Ms. Tate. You are right; it does make sense to make a profit from this project. It has cost enough already, and it would make me far happier if we realized a profit also."
"If you do decide to go that route, I would like to be selected as the model. I know the crowd far better than most, and they know me as well."
"I think that is an excellent idea, especially as you have the best control as well."
The meeting closed with the task of checking the market falling to the sales division. I had a feeling it would go well, and I looked forward to showing it off. A few days later, as I finished up checking out, Tex walked me to my car in the visitor's lot.
"I'll miss you and your naughty side. I've also heard I earned a small raise and a large bonus for its success, which I credit to you. So what's next for you?"
"I plan on taking a vacation. I need to do some spiritual cleansing, as I feel the clarity I had when I started this project has faded, and I want to 'clear the air' as it were."
"Probably all that sex you have."
"Actually, it is not."
"Huh? How could you know?"
"I had an adventure in another land, where I encountered a holy lake. It enforced certain requirements, don't ask me how, as I never experienced them. But my host had seen it and expected me to have difficulty entering the lake. I had none. I came to treasure my time swimming and floating. Then one day, I 'connected' with it on a spiritual level. It was on that day I experienced a miracle of sorts. It saw me, and saw my chi flows, and cleaned them out. Since that time, my thinking has been far clearer, as were my physical skills. I don't think I am anywhere near that level of being clogged, but having experienced clarity, any clogging is felt, and I have felt it more these days."
"Wow. You do get around."
"Yeah, and I have fun while I do it. Anyway, be seeing you."
"Likewise."
I went back to my pad, and enjoyed the next two weeks goofing off, as I waited for the end of the month. As it neared, I shipped most of my stuff home, gave some away, invited Tex and family over for dinner, and finally packed my car and turned in the keys.
On my drive home, I passed through a number of small towns. Twice, I decided to do laundry, so I stopped at a busy Laundromat, and did a load. I also washed the clothes I was wearing, leaving me in nothing but shoes. I got lots of looks, but no law officer ever showed up. I thought for sure one would when I had sex with three guys while waiting for my clothes to dry. Having got away with that, and noticing I was in a strip mall, I decided to go shopping for some groceries. I didn't bother to get dressed first; and instead put all my clothes in the car and only took my purse. I didn't buy much, but I did spend a fair amount of time in the refrigerated section. At the checkout, I got into an extended conversation with the guy behind me, so I turned to face him. When I left, I got into the car and drove naked all the way to the small-town motel. I checked in naked, and I ordered pizza. When the delivery gal came, she was surprised by my nakedness, but I then surprised her by asking to have sex with her. She called in saying she was taking her break.
Afterwards, I decided to ask Inanna about today. "Queen Inanna, I was surprised by today's lack of official notice by my actions today, as well as by the ease with which I had sex today. Are you behind this?"
"No, daughter. Rather, I think you are."
"Me? How?"
"You are my priestess, and that has certain powers when it comes to sex, as you know. You have used them from time to time. I think you have come to control them without a specific thought, but only desire. And so, if you desire sex, others who find you desirable willingly comply. And you are very desirable."
"I see. Oh, I have another question. When I spent time at Hugeng's home, I encountered a holy lake. I managed to connect with it, and it even took me in briefly, and washed out the stuff clogging my chi. Afterwards, I had great clarity of thought and skill. It has lasted quite a while, but I see signs of clogging, and I desire to find a way to unclog myself."
"I know of this lake, but only by rumor. I am surprised it accepted you."
"So was Hugeng."
"Such places have guardians, and may or may not accept you. They are also quite strong, so if you go, don't antagonize them. If they say leave, do so, and don't ever return unless asked. What is your question?"
"Do you know of such a place near my home?"
"I do not. It takes time to learn an area well enough to know such, and I have only had you and a few others in this land for only a few years. I also have little interest in seeking such, as I am far more interested in people. But you have the skills to find such if they are near. Look for a large, diffuse area of spiritual power with negligible human presence."
"Then I shall see what I can."
"Goodnight, daughter."
Sleep was deep and peaceful. In the morning, I dressed and left. I had a long drive ahead, but I would be home by the end of the day. The next few days I spent at home with Filipe. Recovering from the drive and telling of recent events. When I felt ready, I began my search. I soon learned that human activity provided lots of noise, which meant the night was a better time to seek. Human proximity was also an issue. I decided midnight walks away from the house would serve best.
As I didn't expect to see anyone, I skipped dressing, and just walked away from the house and found a place to relax. I would then sit and meditate to clear my head. When I felt I had done what I could, I reached out with my spiritual senses to see the lay of the land. People were easy to spot as they were small, tight spots. Towns and cities were great aggregations of spots. But I was looking for widespread soft power. It was three weeks before I felt something. I noted its direction, and the next night walked that way nearly two miles. I could barely feel it closer, so I knew it was a fair distance away.
The next night, rather than walking, I drove. I used a GPS unit to get me twenty miles in that direction. I must have driven twenty-five to get there, before looking for a suitable place to meditate. Definitely closer, so I made several stops that night, until I felt the direction change. I had passed it. I then selected a point to the side about a mile, and tried there. Using its direction, I triangulated where it must be. Looking at the GPS, I realized it was somewhere in the golf club I was a member of. Arriving in the middle of the night would not work, so I went back home, and decided to play a round of golf and see exactly where it was while I was there.
I got there a bit late, but I managed to join a twosome who came late and desired a slow game. At each stop, I quickly meditated to see where it was. I was surprised to learn it was near the same bunker I held my first ritual at. After going to the clubhouse for an hour, I went back out on the course. First, I told the staff I wanted to spend some time meditating on the course, and expected to be there a while. The staffer offered to drive me there and said if I didn't mind walking back, I could stay as late as I wanted. The gate to the parking lot always lets people out. I thanked him, and had him drop me off at the bunker. I waited a few minutes before going into it and meditating.
I was right. The bunker was the source. But why? I let my senses wander within it, to see if it had currents. Suddenly, I clearly sensed it. I then learned several things. The first was that it was small. Not quite as small as the bunker, but still much smaller than Hugeng's lake. The next was that the currents seemed to be carried in the air. I soon realized it was the Santa Ana winds. The last thing that I learned was that its awareness was barely there. I sent some of my chi into it, and it seemed to disappear, but then I noticed the sand about me rose into a small cloud, or dust devil. As I watched it, I noticed the chi-laden air seemed to be drawn to it, enriching it and sending the chi into the ground. This lasted for a few minutes before the cloud fell. I realized this place, while interesting, was not very powerful, and unlikely to suit my needs. So I got up and began to climb out. That's when I noticed the sand seemed to support my weight without moving. I looked back and saw no sign of my climb up. Eventually I was back on the grass. There was no sign of my exiting the bunker.
I walked a distance from it before I spoke. "Queen Inanna, I have found... something. It is too weak, and lacks a strong identity. It is the place where An's talisman was reformed for me. Have you comments?"
"Strange indeed. Let me see... you are right. This isn't much. I suspect it was the power of your ritual that created it. May I see your memories?" I showed her both the ritual; and my experience tonight. "I am certain of it now. The way it reacted to your power, I think, proves it. But it is very weak. The small amount of chi you gave it drew in more, and also will influence it to become more like you. But it takes centuries to become even a minor power, and likewise being served for centuries to gain a true moral stance. This place might well support you in magical ways, but it will not be able to cleanse you for at least a thousand years."
"I don't think I'll wait. I guess I'll continue looking."
"He-he. Good plan."
"Thank you." I then felt her attention wander. When I looked at the time, I was surprised to learn it was after midnight. I drove home, and the next day decided I needed to rest before continuing my search. I also decided to see if any local 'holy' sites were really holy for my purposes. The internet knows all, or so it says on the label. I located dozens of places claiming to be holy, but most seemed too interested in tourists, and too close to lots of people. I narrowed my list down to seven. I drove to each place, and spent time seeking the spiritual sense of the site.
I found it in a national park. It was a waterfall. It noticed me rather quickly.
"Who approaches?"
I was rather surprised, but I was able to stay in meditation and talk. "I am Becky Sue."
"Who is Becky Sue?"
"I am a warrior, a priestess, and a storyteller."
"You are three? Curious. Why do you seek me?"
"I seek not you in particular, but for any. I found a holy lake, and made a connection with it. Perhaps even became a friend. I do not know, as it never spoke. But it chose to cleanse my spirit, and I found great clarity of thought and skill afterwards. I sense within myself my spirit becoming dirty, and I am losing that clarity. I seek for a way to be so cleansed again."
"Enter my waters so that I may look at you."
I got up, opened my eyes, and looked for a way to do that. I also saw two rangers. I walked up to one, and read his name tag.
"Ranger Higgins, I need to enter the water. Please help me do it without a fuss." I also whammied him to obey quietly.
"Come with me, ma'am." He led me to the station, and pulled out a ranger shirt and shorts. "Put these on." So I undressed, and did so. I couldn't button up the shirt, but I could barely get in the shorts.
"Do you have anything larger?"
"Sorry, ma'am, I don't. Leave your stuff here, and follow me."
I decided to leave my shoes off as well, so I used some of the mountain's power to harden my feet. And then I followed him.
He led me to a stairway that led to the outflow of the waterfall's lake.
"Here you go. You can enter the water here." He then turned away and returned to his post.
Looking around, I realized the people above could not see me here. I also noticed the outflow was deep enough, I could barely swim. It would be easier to walk, but I felt staying hidden would be better. I also felt that I should leave behind the use of power for my feet, and the clothes as well. I can just see them shrinking while I dry off. So I got naked, placing the folded clothes on the bottom step, held down by a rock. Then I entered the water and swam upstream. I did my best to remain hidden. When I finally entered the pool, I swam underwater to the center. When I broke the surface, I did so as quietly as I could. I was fairly sure no one would spot me in all the moving water and splashes.
Keeping my place, I opened my senses, and spoke, "I am here."
I felt an intense pressure as it examined me. It wasn't purposely hurtful, just very strong. I endured silently. The intensity suddenly went away, but I felt the current drag me into the falling water at the base of the falls. It said, "You are an artisan. You create beauty. You appreciate it also. This is good. I shall grant your desire. Open yourself to me."
Here inside the base of the falling water, it felt painful having it hit me. I was even considering using the mountain's power to protect myself. I decided to wait a bit and try to endure a bit more. Opening my mind to it, and I decided I needed to open my mouth and eyes. I angled my head slightly so that my eyes were a little more protected from a direct impact, and waited. I again felt that intensity of power, but I also felt the water of the falls bend a little so that everything was touched by the falling water, even my eyes. I wanted to close them, but even as I thought about it, I noticed the impact was across the eyes, not into them. Water did enter my mouth, and I swallowed again and again, yet I was able to breath. Soon I felt the chi of the falls concentrate about and within me. I also felt a great need to pee. I realized the falls were trying to flow through me, so I cut loose. The pee didn't stop, but it quickly became clear.
Time seemed to slow, and I seemed to enter a timeless state. I no longer swallowed, but my throat was wide open, allowing water to enter continuously. The pain lessened until it disappeared. While I didn't connect with the waterfall, I began to sense the life all about us, likely for miles. I sensed their movement, their patterns, and more. Eventually, things reverted back, mostly. I was still at the base of the falls, with water entering my mouth and being expelled a bit later. I barely felt the water hitting my upturned face.
"It is done." I felt myself dismissed. So I carefully walked into the lake. Curiously, the slippery stones were not slippery to me. When I was out from the falls, I was able to close my mouth. When I could see, I realized it was night. I still chose to keep a low profile, so I took a deep breath and swam underwater. I thought I would have to surface one or twice before I got to the outflow, but I didn't. In fact, I was able to get a fair ways down before I needed to surface. I decided that this late, I no longer would be seen from here on, so I stood up and walked downstream. When I got to the stairs, the clothes were gone, and the rock was back where I had picked it up.
"The clothes have been returned."
I looked up and saw someone sitting and waiting at the landing above. "Who are you?"
"I should be asking you that, warrior, priestess, and storyteller."
"... Are you the guardian?"
"Yes, and you slipped right by. I don't know how you knew it was my day off, or how you got Frank to lend you the outfit, but the falls told me you were here."
"They told you more than that."
"They did. I am rather surprised they accepted you."
"I openly stated my desire, and complied with its commands. It decided to grant me my desire."
"What was that?"
"Some years ago, I encountered a holy lake, and became spiritually cleansed. I gained clarity of spirit and skill. Lately, I had noticed a fair bit of that clarity was gone, so I sought out a place of power like that holy lake."
"This place is not holy in the sense of good and evil, but it is pure. Seeking to purify yourself is something it would find desirable. Openly speaking to it would also be seen in a good light. I now understand why. Did it say anything else?"
"It called me an artisan, who creates beauty, and appreciates it."
"A kindred spirit, even if its definition of beauty is not ours. You are quite the mystery, Ms. Tate."
"You know my name?"
"Yes. I am a ranger here as well, and I was the one who allowed your car to stay overnight three days ago."
"I've been out three days? I am not hungry, or tired."
"The falls sustained you. I remember the first time the falls cleansed me. I was out a week, before I returned. My tribe was worried, but the shaman said I was protected. When I came out, I was a changed man. But that was nearly three centuries ago."
"You... have aged well."
"He-he. I am not surprised you believe me. I can sense the power in you, even as you can likely sense power within me. Speaking of that, I can also sense some kind of draconic magic about you. Are you fully human? This close to the falls we are hidden by the power of the falls. But there are others in the area that desire power, and they would attack ones they thought could bring them power. If they sense you and choose to use force, they will find you are more powerful than they thought. They will likely also find themselves severely outmatched unless they check your info in the law databases. You are listed as a lethally-trained martial artist. If they do, they will more likely shoot you with a tranquilizer dart."
I smiled, "I am fully human, and I have a few tricks up my sleeves, even if I'm naked."
He looked hard at me, and then said, "I believe you. I've had decades to learn, but I think you just might be able to take me."
"How can you tell?"
"As the current guardian, I was given truth-sense. I know when others are lying, and you were not. You also have the easy assurance of a warrior who knows the risks but will fight anyway, knowing your own skill."
Just then I realized I had been peeing the whole time, since at that moment it quit. I saw he noticed, but chose not to say anything.
"It is time for you to return to civilization. Come with me." I followed him, and we went back into the ranger's building, and he led me to the locker room, and opened a locker. Inside was my stuff. I dressed. I followed him out.
"Your car is at my place. Too many questions if it remained here. Be glad the weather has been good recently, otherwise the roof would be on." I looked and saw a Jeep, without a top, in the parking lot. I entered the passenger side, and he drove half an hour to a cabin elsewhere in the park. He was silent the whole way. When we arrived, he just pointed me to his guest bedroom, and said we would talk in the morning.
"Queen Inanna, I have found a place and been cleansed. I have met the guardian. He has told me of others who seek to prey on such as us. If he is concerned, then I should be. Can you aid me against such enemies? Or teach me how to protect myself?"
"Physically, you are already a match for any mortal enemy. Adding in your enhanced powers of the mountain and sky, you can possibly defeat a dragon. There is little I can do for you there. On the field of magic and will, I think you are already rather potent in will, what with the self-hypnotism you used to become who you are. My strengthening of your will, adds to that potency. So a frontal assault is unlikely to succeed. Trickery, however, is harder to protect against. Vigilance is the best protection there. Magic is where you are weakest, yet even so, you are no weakling. Perhaps the best protection is awareness, and knowing how to recognize them."
I woke up the next morning at dawn, knowing she had taught me, but I could remember nothing of it. I went outside on the porch, and watched the sun rising. My host didn't stir for another hour. Eventually, he came out with a pot of coffee, and some cups, offering me some. He also gave me his card, where I learned his name was Mato Hatathli.
As I sat sipping, he said, "You are not like the papers said, at least in some ways. Nor do you present yourself as one about whom the world should revolve. Who are you, in truth?"
"I am many things: warrior, priestess, actress, artisan, teacher, student, explorer, and perhaps more. As to the papers, the scandal sheets see what they want to see. Much of it is an act, put on for their benefit. And because I flaunt it so, they don't seek me out in private. I cherish that. What they say about my sex life is inaccurate in detail, but likely not as complete as they think. My financial empire is hidden from them, so far. My patronage of charities is real, as is the volunteer work I put in. My family is dear to me, and there is little I wouldn't do to protect them. For my close friends, I would do almost as much."
"You are indeed a woman of many talents. I know of your skill at arms, from the description in the law database. Your skill as an actress can be seen just with a simple search online. I saw your strength as a priestess when we met. Tell me of your artistry."
"I have been involved with cosplay since high school. I fabricated my own costumes to appear as assorted characters from the movies, television, comic books, and more. Such costumes usually needed detail work to be deemed better than average, and I have won several such competitions. Sometimes, the detail work is in the props. I have made swords for warriors, a plasma gun for a space alien, and other things. Sometimes, the detail work is jewelry. I don't do it for a living, but I am licensed as such. I have also sold licenses to some jewelry I designed. Perhaps my artistry is best expressed in the clothes I have created for assorted roles I have played. I am respected enough, that I am even a member in good standing of the costumers' union. The parts I play often use clothing to bring out the over-the-top character of my role. Yet, I have been nominated for several awards for the outfits I have made."
"I see why you say you are both artist and artisan. I saw images of the outfits you wore in a number of movies. They were quite skilled, and had unusual levels of detail. If you made them, you are truly skilled."
"You have been asking me many questions, Mato. Will you tell me of yourself? And perhaps your guardianship? I have only met one other such guardian."
"As you may have guessed, I am of American Indian stock. I am not from a well-known tribe, so I doubt you have heard of us. I studied under the previous shaman, and I have apprentices who will take my place when I die. My long life has meant that I have trained several such. My tribe has guarded the waterfall for countless generations. In this day and age, we guard it by allowing the park rangers to keep people from messing it up. But we do more they do not know about.
"I, too, am an artist. I learned the art of sand painting. While I do it mostly for religious reasons, it has tourist appeal, and I demonstrate it each year as part of our cultural heritage. The art came from some Navajo who joined our tribe centuries ago. I also carve. You may have seen some of my work about the cabin."
"I have never seen sand painting done. Would you be willing to show me?"
"I cannot. I have a jar for each color of sand. Some of the jars are empty or nearly so. I have a shipment due before the tourist season, but it may not last."
"The sand you use. Are they pure minerals?"
"Yes why?"
"I may be able to help you. Can you show me your supplies?"
He again looked at me carefully, and I realized he was testing my truth. "Follow me." he led me out behind the cabin, where a second building stood. It was clearly a workshop, as it had little insulation. We went in, and he had me sit down while he got out several jars of sand, some of which had only a few grains.
"Can you hand me one of those nearly empty jars?"
"Here." He was clearly curious as to what I would do.
I opened it, and emptied the few grains into my open palm. I then concentrated on it, using my rock sense, to learn what it was. I then placed my palm of my other hand over the jar, and concentrated, this time, to duplicate what I was holding. I stopped when the jar was full.
"Is this the sand you need from this jar?"
He poured a small amount into his hand, and let it fall into his other hand, before returning it to the jar. "How?"
"I have found favor of a being of immense power, whose domain is earth; I have been given a splinter of that power and have learned to summon forth some earth. Is one jar enough?"
"I can make do with it."
I stood and walked to the far wall, which was clearly being used for storage. I then summoned a granite urn, which could hold several cubic feet of sand. I then filled it nearly to the top. Lastly, I summoned forth a lid with a lip to hold it on top of the urn. Since the jar was marked with a unique symbol, I added that symbol to the urn's lid.
"There. Plenty to work with. What of your other jars of sand?"
He handed me another jar that was nearly empty. I created a second granite urn and filled it. Each time he handed me a jar, I created an urn and filled it. When he had no more jars to make a supply of sand for, he refilled his jars. Collecting them, he said, "You shall have your sand painting."
He placed the jars into their carrying case, and I followed him outside. We walked a quarter mile to a clearing. In the center was a flat rock nearly seventeen feet in diameter. "Please be silent. I shall be performing a sacred ritual, now that I have the sand, and as you made this possible, I desire that you watch. If you tire of watching, please go back to the cabin silently."
"I shall stand and watch. Perhaps even learn." As I saw him prepare, I opened my mind to gather the meaning he gave off as he worked. I did not intrude, but rather listened as his mind gave off his unguarded thoughts. From time to time, I moved to either get out of his light, or to get a better view of what he was doing. As time passed, I realized his mind was centering itself, and creating clarity in his thinking. I also saw that his movements became more graceful, and occurring with less conscious thought. Finally, he sat back and said, "I have needed this for months. Thank you." I just bowed, in response, rather than speak.
He contemplated its grandeur for almost half an hour before he stood and waved for me to follow. Back at the workshop, he put his sand away, and then went back to the cabin. "You watched, as you said. Not as a tourist, but as an artist. You moved out of my light, and to see all the detail. You also waited, and saw it through, even keeping quiet as we returned. It was a level of respect I did not expect. Thank you."
"As I watched, I learned. While it seems the pouring of sand isn't difficult, getting the grains to fall at the speed you desire and where you desire clearly takes skill. I could also see the sacred aspect. The further the process went, the more centered you became. Your movements became graceful, purposeful, simple, yet profound. I could also see the weight of the world lift from your shoulders, so your statement about needing it was redundant to me."
"You are indeed wise. Some of my shaman students have taken months or years to see that. Have you ever experienced that grace?"
"Yes. You ask why you sensed a draconic feel to me. I became friends with one. For over a year, we sparred nearly every day for several hours. Sometimes I would be in the zone, acting on instinct, honed by long hours, where I flowed as I sparred. It became more frequent as the months went by. I even learned to call it forth as I did solo exercises. Would you like to see?"
"Yes."
"Then we need to be outside. My exercises can require a fair amount of space, and I move around a bit."
We moved outside, and I found a suitable spot. To one side, I summoned a pillar of stone, rising from a large boulder. I began with warm-ups, and then moved on to more complex exercises. I then focused my mind on the work, and called forth the calm, centered mind needed for practice. Soon I was leaping, jumping, and even touch-striking the trees. I also struck the pillar as though it was an enemy. I augmented my fists to be hard enough and durable enough to strike the stone strong enough to damage it, and chips came off every time I struck. After ten minutes, the pillar was nearly gone, so I began the finishing sequence. I jumped extra high, and then gained tremendous weight. As I fell, I swung my fist at the boulder, and hit it before I hit the ground. Immediately after I hit it, I got rid of the weight. I then stood, bowed to the remains of the boulder, and then walked back to my host.
"That. Was. Awesome. It was hard to watch as you moved so fast, but you are right. That was perhaps the most graceful fight I ever saw. And your 'enemy'. Just how strong are you? And that boulder! When you split it, it was loud. I can even see the depression you made in the ground."
"I told you, I had a sliver of power. That was another aspect. But let me clean up. No need to leave a mess."
"Please don't. Sometimes, those who seek us as prey come to visit. I won't say anything, but they will clearly see the power needed to achieve such. It will give them doubt, and they may go away, afraid to confront me."
"As you wish. What of your job? Won't they notice your absence?"
"No. I left word last night that I would be off today for religious reasons. I expected to speak with you a while. I did not expect to make a sand painting."
"Well, then, perhaps it is time to make something else."
"What would that be?"
"Breakfast."
He smiled. "After that workout, you must be hungry. Just watching it made my muscles ache." He started back into the cabin, so I followed. As he made breakfast, he talked. "I am also impressed at how high you can jump. Mobility in a fight can be quite helpful. Given what I saw, I take it those were the tricks up your sleeve?"
"Only some. I have others, very different, that I can use. One such trick caught my dragon friend quite by surprise, and also caused him some concern."
"You are full of surprises."
Conversation slowed as the meal was prepared, served, and eaten. Eventually it picked up again.
"What can you tell me of the ones who prey upon us?"
"Over the years, I have encountered eight or nine. But I have heard tales of others elsewhere. Sometimes, they have objects they create that aid them in their dark desires. They have learned the art of draining power from powerful creatures and sites and placing it into such objects. It strains them, so they don't make many, but even one can be powerful. I barely survived one foe that had four. Had I been farther away from the falls, I might have perished. They have used ancient traditions of magic to attack, and prey on others. They sometimes prey upon themselves, if they think they can take another's power. Fortunately, the objects they create are difficult for another to use. Usually, they just treat it as another power source to drain."
"I have heard that these objects are called talismans. Greater ones given by the gods, and other divine powers, and lesser ones made by man."
"Yes. These days, no one has greater talismans, so their lesser talismans are potent, indeed. Even when there were priests with a greater talisman, that priest had to be careful."
"Your information is out of date."
"Huh? What do you mean?"
I summoned the obsidian bracelet. He was rather startled, but when he calmed down, I said, "This is a Greater Talisman. The central stone was given to me by the king of the mountains. With it, I gained that sliver of power."
He looked at me carefully, clearly in disbelief, but after a while, he blinked and said, "You are indeed blessed. But if they learn of it, more will try to take it from you."
"I shall be on my guard then." I then sent it back home.
"How do you make it appear and disappear?"
"It is a property of Greater Talismans. It is not appearing and disappearing, but rather teleporting to me and back, where I usually keep it."
"How did you learn it is a property of Greater Talismans?"
"That talisman is my third and least powerful Greater Talisman."
"Three? How is that even possible?"
"You have heard the saying that coming to the attention of the gods can be perilous, but also profitable?"
"Yeah, something like that."
"I came to the attention of three. And survived. Even though my Queen told my King, I was impertinent." His eyes bugged at that. "She also told him I was worth listening to. While I am close with my Queen, my relationship with my King is not so comfortable."
"What of the third."
"I think it watches, and will likely ignore me unless I do something that would provoke it."
"Ignoring the holder of a talisman? Is that even possible?"
"Time is different to them. What is important to us is not important to them, and the reverse as well. I gave it respect, and aided its favored ones without even knowing of it. It spoke with me once, and chose to give me a talisman. We have not spoken since."
"When I see your power, it does not seem close to what a holder of three talismans should have."
"That would be because of my fourth talisman."
"You have another Greater Talisman?"
"No, it is a Lesser Talisman. It was created for me by my dragon friend. One aspect is to hide my power."
"I've changed my mind. You could easily take me. Except, maybe, at the falls. Even then, I am not sure."
"I have no desire to fight friends or allies. Sparring is another matter. Its purpose is to learn and improve your ability. You have said little of your guardianship. Does it take a lot of your time? What challenges do you face?"
"The biggest challenge has been these predators we've spoken of. They also are the easiest to hide after, as they want publicity less than I do. They work in secret, and even when a big fight occurs, few learn of it. Less challenging, but taking far more time, are the economic and government things. There are far too many entities involved, far too much red tape, and an excruciatingly-slow pace. The smallest challenges are the visitors. Fortunately, I managed to get the National Park Service to take over. They handle crowd control, and official punishment for egregious offenders. They also handle education of the public, and so teach people to respect nature. I still get involved, and remain in the loop on things I am not involved in. The time can vary a lot, entirely on outside factors. The falls need no management, only protection. Why do you ask?"
"One of the reasons I asked is because I have discovered a site of power."
"Are you sure? Sometimes the guardians only show when needed."
"I am sure. I was asked to find a suitable place for a ritual, and chose this place. At the time, it was ordinary, no power whatsoever. The ritual involved powerful magic, transferring my second talisman from its former owner to me. As the ritual was completed, there were signs of power in the area. I knew little then, and thought nothing of it; once I saw the visible effects go away. My recent search found power there, and it feels quite familiar to me. I asked my Queen, and she agrees it is new. Should it be guarded? And should I be the one to guard it? And how long should I guard? As a guardian, you could advise me."
"Sites of power are ancient. Finding, or perhaps creating one, just doesn't happen, and when it does, it was because the land was empty of man until it was found. But if you can find it, so can others. You say it may have been created by a ritual concerning a talisman? Then I would look to the one who gave you that talisman. How large a site is it, and how accessible is it?"
"It is a bunker in a golf course I use. I don't know how far it extends. Access is limited to members and their guests. Becoming a member just needs money and a good background report. If you are a good talker, you can also talk your way in, as I did for performing the ritual."
"Who knows of it now?"
"Me, you, and my Queen. I speak to her about everything outside science as we understand it, and a number of other things as well. She has become a confidant of sorts for me. I would call our relationship closer to family than priestess and goddess. Her own experience, including a significant drop-off of worshipers, has led her to value me more than I think she would have long ago. However, she is getting some new worshipers these days, so she is feeling optimistic."
"As a priestess, you have obligations to her. Being a guardian is also an obligation. They may not be compatible. Having two claiming you as priestess, however, may be even more problematic."
We spoke for another hour, and then he suggested we go out to eat lunch before I left. He knew a place. I followed him in my car, and leaving the park, we came to an old country diner. The staff clearly knew him, welcoming him to a table he obviously favored. I had to duck a lot to avoid the ceiling fans. He ordered while I was looking at the menu.
I spoke to the waitress, "Please split the bill."
"Okay."
"I'll have the club sandwich, with home fries, the Salisbury steak with mashed potatoes with gravy over everything, and the pancake platter with sausage and eggs over easy with toast, a large glass of orange juice, and water. I might have pie later."
Her eyes widened, but she just said, "Three meals for you, and maybe more later. Got it."
After she left, Mato asked, "You planning on saving some for later?"
"No, with all the exercise I do, and my size, I need to eat a lot. It also means I don't have to worry about my weight as much as other women."
Mato was not surprised when I started the second meal with gusto, but when I did the same for the third, he said, "You really can eat."
Pausing briefly between bites, I said, "I can, and this place has excellent food. Thanks for introducing me."
When she finally cleared my dishes, she came back to asked, "Will either of you have anything else?"
Mato indicated me first, so I said, "That Dutch Apple pie looks mighty fine. I'll have a slice, with whipped cream." I then nodded to Mato.
"Same for me."
When we went to check out, Mato stepped in front of me at the cashier and said he would pay for us both. He told me, "Seeing you eat and enjoy the food was an experience. But the sand you provided is worth far more than the meal, or rather meals."
"As you wish." I smiled, knowing that before I filled the jars with sand, I created a few semi-precious stones in the bottom. When he empties the sand, he will find them.
In the parking lot, he promised to keep in touch, as did I. Feeling good after a very nice meal; I called Filipe to let him know I was fine. He was worried, but after talking for twenty minutes, we ended the conversation. It also gave me time to get over the incipient food coma. I then drove home.
Routine interrupted me from immediately following up with the new site and learning about it. First was discussing with Filipe all about my recent adventure. Then there was the opening of my latest movie. I had lost track, and had to hurry with making suitable sexy attire. Then the interviews, publicity tour, and so on. Eventually things calmed down, but two months had passed.
As the weather was due to be good for a while, if a bit hot and windy, I decided to do a bit of hang gliding at the golf course. It gave me an excuse to be there, unnoticed, while I investigated the bunker. I would actually fly awhile, so when I came down, I could go to the clubhouse for food, drink, and sex.
As usual, someone on staff dropped me off in where I would launch. After they drove away, I hid the hang glider out of sight, and protected, then I walked back to the bunker. I made sure to enter when no one was about. At first, I felt my feet sink into the sand as I walked down. I stopped and sent a little chi into the trap. Suddenly, the sand began to stir a little, like a little dust devil, but of sand. When I resumed walking, the sand was solid under my feet. I finally reached the center and lowest portion. I sat down, in the lotus position, so I could meditate. I could feel the warm sand on the skin of my bottom, from my asshole to my vagina. Apparently, my dress was briefly lifted when I sat. No matter, I didn't think it would matter.
Like the lake and waterfall, I chose to focus my meditation on what I could sense here. I could sense the little bit of chi was running out, but as before, it sucked in the chi from the environment into the bunker. I wanted to study this more, so I began a slow trickle of chi from me into it. As expected, the sand kicked up, and more chi was drawn in. I decided to learn what happened as I fed more chi into it.
I doubled the amount I was putting in, and the reaction was swift. The dust devil that had been tossing sand about my waist, got larger, and as the sand level rose, sand started being tossed into my chest, and even into my breasts a bit. I also felt the wind pick up a little, and the air got warmer.
I decided to see if I could 'feel' anything of life in the bunker, as I had elsewhere. It took a while, maybe an hour, before I finally connected. There was nothing of thoughts, only the barest of feelings. But I could tell it was aware I was here, and I also felt it seem to hunger for more chi. So I fed it more still. The wind was stronger, and I was at the center of the dust devil. The heat was also rising with the wind. At first, the sand started getting in my mouth, nose, and eyes. But it sensed my discomfort and soon kept the sand off my face. On the other hand, the sand on my chest seemed more like a massage, and somehow it unbuttoned my top, and accessed my entire front.
Fifteen minutes later, something clicked, and I saw myself as the sand saw me. I could feel the desire for chi within me as the sand, and my body started to give more chi. As my body did, I could feel the influx of power allow me to reach for the hot winds and bring them and their elemental chi into me. I also saw that the body was pleased with my touch, so I increased the power of my touch, and soon learned that my body really reacted positively to my nipples being caressed by the blasting of sand. I also learned that down low was another area that was sensitive, so I started blasting the vagina also.
I demanded even more chi, and the body supplied it. The power allowed me to access even more chi. Again I increased my blasting of the body where it desired it. When the body started to convulse, I was at first unsure what it meant, but somehow, I knew it was something natural and good. When it stopped convulsing, I again increased my demand for chi. This time, when it responded, along with chi, came something else. There were small sparks coming from its front. When those sparks hit a small part of me, that part was fused into a tiny solid, but they also seemed charged with a chi-like power. It seemed to attract the surrounding chi.
I demanded even more from this body, and it supplied it. As my sand was so energized by the chi, I gathered even more from around me, especially the hot wind. But the effect on the body was the sparks were now nearly constant. I sensed I was near its limit, so I maintained things as they were. When the body started to convulse, I paid it little attention. But the convulsing continued far longer than before. When at last it seemed its chi was spent, the sparking slowed then stopped. After a little while, I was no longer able to maintain my caress's intensity, but I knew I would maintain it as long as I could.
All of a sudden, my mind returned to my body. I could feel just how spent I was, but I was having trouble focusing because I was still having an orgasm. It took nearly fifteen minutes, for it to be over. Still, the sand surrounded me, but I could tell it was weakening. Over the next fifteen minutes, the dust devil finally died down. I looked down to see how much of a mess I had made, as I had several orgasms.
There was nothing there! I checked, and my vagina was bone dry. I clearly recall the sand being surprised at the wetness. When I stood, no sand clung to me. When I walked out of the trap, the sand supported me as a solid. I knew I could do no more here today, so I walked back to my hang glider. Fifteen minutes later, I was flying. I only flew for two hours, as I had apparently spent nearly five in the bunker. I finally landed, packed up and headed to the clubhouse.
One of the regulars called out, "I see dessert has arrived." I smiled, and walked up to the bar. They already had my burger and drink. Someone must have alerted them I was about here. I sat, grabbed them and turned around. As I was eating, I suddenly had another orgasm. I looked to see why, and I saw one guy was eating me out, and two guys were playing with my tits. Well, at least my body was paying attention.
I said, "Great work, guys. I could use a few more." When my glass was empty, someone was there refilling it. When I finished up the burger, the waitress brought the second plate to me, so I could get it. I thanked her, and continued enjoying myself.
When the meal was over, I waited for the woman eating me out to finish. When she did, I got up, turned over and leaned on the bar. A few seconds later, someone's dick was in me, pounding. The bartender added a straw to my drink, so I could sip it, since my arms were holding onto the bar for stability. When I came, I had to stop sipping for a bit.
When I could speak, I said, "Oh, that feels so good." Someone else started shortly after.
Finally, I told the bartender, "I've had enough to drink. I might have something more to eat."
From the side, I heard, "How about me?" I turned to look, and the young lady briefly lifted her skirt to show her vagina.
"Sounds fun. Why not hop on the bar with a leg to either side of me?"
She needed the bartender's help, but she eventually was positioned in front of me. Even as someone was doing me, I leaned down and began eating her out. After a few minutes, I lengthened my tongue and went deeper. Soon, she was having an orgasm even as I was. I enjoyed her taste, even as I played with her breasts. When she was done, the bartender helped a second lady into position. She was so eager; she already had her shirt off.
When she came, I could sense the energy for sex dissipating, so when the current guy finished, I stood back up, indicating I was done for the night. I heard a few good-natured grumbles, but knew it was always best to leave the crowd wanting. I paid my tab, and went home. That night, I slept soundly.
About a week later, I went to the golf course again. This time, as I approached the bunker, I felt its awareness. It was very weak, and tentative, and it only went about five feet from its edge. Yet it was enough, so that as I stepped onto the sand, it supported me. This time, as I started to meditate, I first unbuttoned my shirt. I had lost two buttons last time. I began to feed it chi, and the sand began to awaken as a dust devil. It did not take long for it to blow open my shirt, and blow up my skirt, to have access to my body. But it seemed to be clumsy about it. I realized that even though I was seeing its point of view then, it was using my own knowledge of my body to guide it. So I changed my meditative focus to connect with it. It only took about fifteen minutes this time.
As I sensed the body's reaction, I adjusted my blasts to caress it properly. Once it convulsed, I knew it was right. I demanded more and more chi, until its front was continuously sparking again. It didn't take long for it to start convulsing again, so I maintained that level of effort until I felt it was beginning to run out. This time, I stopped demanding more chi immediately, as I had learned that it did not feel good when drained all the way. I wanted more, and I knew it would recharge and return soon enough. I continued to caress it as my power waned.
Suddenly, I was back in my orgasming body. Even though I could feel sand touching me all over, including within my vagina, none touched my face. I wondered about the sand within me. It was hard to think, I was so aroused, but suddenly, I knew the sand was rubbing my G-Spot. That, and the pressure and rubbing on my clit and nipples explained my lengthy orgasm. As the sand's power ebbed, I felt it pulling out of me, and taking the moisture of my vagina with it. Wow. I've just been fucked by sand. I also noticed the many tiny pieces of glass were disappearing into the sand, no doubt to be collected in the depths.
I was able to get more flying in today, as I made the connection far faster than last time. Later, at the clubhouse, it was nearly a repeat of last time, but I paid more attention to the people as they touched me. I also heard comments about the hot windstorm this morning. I realized I needed to be more circumspect, and try not to have my clubhouse visits be on the same days as the windstorm.
The next week I went, I spent most of the day flying. I went to the clubhouse and enjoyed the attention, and then went home. About an hour after closing time, I went back, but rather than park at the club, I parked at a nearby gas station. I walked up the road a bit, then teleported to the bunker.
Being late at night, there were several differences. The most noticeable was it took longer to gather the wind, and it wasn't as hot. I was also able to keep a tenuous connection to my body, even as I became the sand. Another change was the sand tried to pull me within itself. It had two problems. One was it wasn't powerful enough. The other was the depth. It was less than a foot thick. The best it could do was to move closer to me. I also tried to get the idea across that explicitly stimulating me sexually was not the best way to use my chi. But about that time, I lost the battle and shifted fully to the sand.
Later that night, I returned to my body and felt the dust devil fade and the sand return to its usual place. It took the two-mile walk back to my car to recover enough chi to feel I could do something with it if I needed to. Once in my car, I rested for an hour before driving home.
Over the next few weeks, I continued this pattern. Golf or fly one day, and commune with the site on a different night. While I was able to reduce the sexual stimulation, I found the site never seemed to retain the chi it gained. When it had not changed in two months, despite weekly visits, I decided to cut down the visits. I also learned to experience being in two bodies, and maintaining control of my body throughout. I knew this had to change, someday, and one day it did.
But that is another story...