You may already have read some of my earlier escapades involving different cocks sliding in and out of my pussy and ass. I've worked as a Stripper for a few years, have enjoyed the lusty pleasures of the swinging scene, been on the receiving end of a few photographers cock whilst posing for them and I've enjoyed the immense pleasure of numerous lovers.
With regard to my next tale, it involves the time my husband James wanted me to be the perfect slut host to him and two friends for an evening of poker. Both guys were unaware of our open relationship lifestyle and James promised if I found them sexually attractive I could engage in some extra marital activities.
Most of you will be aware of my 36DD-23-36 figure that is always on view, due to my penchant for the tightest revealing clothing. You all know by now I'm a massive exhibitionist who loves to be the centre of attention. At tonights poker game I was dressed in a skin tight top in shiny black cire at the front and black fishnet at the back. It was lace up at the front, from the neckline to just below the cleavage area, which my large firm breasts were stretching dramatically. I'd foregone the wearing of a bra and my nipples were like wine corks, pushing against the thin wet look material. I had chosen to wear a tiny, tight black mini skirt, underneath I was wearing fishnet stockings held in place by a sexy black garter belt.
My tiny feet were adorned in the most incredibly high heeled black strappy platforms, something I often wore when I was out working the stripper circuit. If nothing untoward was to happen, at least I would be sexually gratified in the knowledge that I would tease the living daylights out of the guys tonight.
James had prepared the card table, ensuring the chips were near each player, that a glass was at the ready for the beers and the MP3 Player was on low volume playing all of my favourite sexy R&B tunes. On the worktop surface was bowls of potato chips, peanuts and various salty cheese snacks.
I walked into the kitchen, my heels clicking loudly on the tiled floor, causing James to turn around. His jaw dropped and a smile broke across his face when he saw my attire for the evening.
"Will I prove to be a distraction to your friends?" I smiled seductively, walking across the kitchen, swaying my hips deliberately.
"You're proving to be a distraction to me dressed like the perfect slut!" James grinned, his eyes following every move.
I leant against a worktop surface and turned slowly to face James. I moved the tight mini skirt above my pussy, showing James my tight shaved pussy, covered by the most see through thong imaginable. I smiled looking James directly in the eye, which proved fruitless as his eyes were staring at my barely covered shaved mound. Running my middle finger of my left hand, slowly up and down my lace covered slit.
"So do you like my outfit for tonight?" I purred, watching James swallow heavily.
"I fucking love that I married a dirty slut!" he whispered.
I was just about to open my legs and tease James further, when the front doorbell rang.
Our card playing guests had arrived. I smoothed my tight tiny mini skirt down and made my way to our hallway to open the door and greet our guests. The two guys who were coming this evening, I'd never met them before, so when I opened the door I had no idea what to expect. As I slowly opened the oak panelled door I found only one guest on the door step.
"Wow! You must be Suzi!" my guest stated eyeing me up as his face flushed a little "Sorry but it's just me this evening, Brian can't make it tonight!"
"So you must be Neil?" I quizzed.
"Sorry, yes I'm Neil!" he said extending his hand out to shake as a means of introduction.
Taking his hand I moved close to him and kissed him on the cheek softly. My lips moved to his ear, blowing my warm breath into his aural cavity, I whispered sensually.
"It's my pleasure to meet you Neil!" My tongue gently caressing his earlobe "I hope you enjoy your visit tonight!" I teased.
Neil was not backwards in coming forwards, placing his hands around my waist, pulling me even closer to him. My unfettered breasts pushed into his chest as his hands moved toward my buttocks. My garter straps were beneath his groping hands as he lightly squeezed my ass.
I did not object or move his hands away as he smiled.
"I'm having the time of my life right now!" he said as I felt his erection twitch against my stomach, and let me tell you, it was quite an impressive erection.
We slowly pulled apart and Neil stepped across the threshold. He brazenly eyed me up and down, almost smacking his lips with delight as I escorted him through to the kitchen. I took one last look at his prominent package and felt my pussy fizzing with sexual excitement. Neil was undoubtedly a well groomed handsome man and that cock looked and felt very impressive.
We walked into the kitchen to find James was already seated. He stood to welcome our guest, extending his right hand, he pointed it towards Neil, greeting him into our household with a warm welcoming handshake.
"Where's Brian?" James enquired.
"Brian has been called into work and can't make it!" Neil responded.
"Oh well that leaves more beer and food for us!" James laughed.
"You kept your extremely hot wife secret! Why didn't you tell me she was such a babe?" Neil smiled looking over at me, as I stood with one hand on my hip and my legs slightly parted.
"Yeah she's very special is Suzi!" James grinned.
"Why thank you for the compliments gentleman!" I smiled confidently "It's nice to receive such high praise from such SEXY men!" I smiled emphasising the word sexy.
Both guys sat at our round kitchen table, which now had a green baize cloth covering, for the evenings poker game. They were opposite each other, with James offering a new deck of cards for Neil to shuffle.
Neil broke the cellophane seal on the cards, taking them from the pack, he removed the Jokers and the bridge card and began to masterfully shuffle the cards like a Las Vegas croupier.
"So what is the opening stake?" James smiled as Neil kept shuffling the pack.
"How about one to open and raise and the winner not only gets the pot, but sexy Suzi here gets to sit on the winners knee as a lucky charm!" Neil grinned, revealing his charm and confidence, as he leant back in his high backed chair.
I giggled at the prospect of being a winning prize for the evenings entertainment. James was aware that I was wearing a tight see through thong and would be thrilled to squirm around on a lap, Neil was oblivious to this fact. My devilishly sexy mind began conjuring up scenarios, which began to make my pussy tingle and send my prospect of naughtiness up another level.
"Shall we?" James smiled as Neil began to deal the cards.
James placed one chip into the centre of the table. Picking up his cards, he spread them in his hands looking studiously at them. Neil flicked a chip in to the centre of the table and scooped his cards into his hand. Spreading them like a fan, he smiled gently and looked across at James.
James didn't draw a card, instead choosing to push another chip into the pot. Neil's expression never changed as he also placed a chip into the pot, without drawing any cards. The atmosphere of the room had changed, once the seal on the cards had been broken, and now I could feel the testosterone level had increased in the room. I enjoyed the increase in masculinity, feeling my own hormones running amok, knowing that I was about to be part of the prize. I decided that when it occurred I would make the winner feel that he had received more than prize. My pussy was tingling with sexual electricity. My naked pussy would be sliding along the thigh of one of my sexual warriors very soon.
"Lets keep this friendly!" James smiled "Let's show now!"
Neil nodded in agreement as James turned his cards onto the table revealing two pairs. Neil looked down at the cards, his face expressionless as he slowly revealed his own hand.
A straight flush lay on the green baize, as Neil smiled and scooped the pot toward him.
Smiling like a Cheshire Cat, he pushed his chair back slightly, opened his legs and slapped his right thigh.
"I think you'll find I've just won your wife!" Neil laughed.
James joined in with Neil's laugh, as I sensually moved across the kitchen floor, my hands on my hips. I stood between Neil's legs and slowly turned so my back was to him. I began to move down on to his lap, one high heeled shoe either side of his foot as I nestled my firm taut buttocks on to his muscular thigh. My legs were slightly parted, which moved my tight skirt a little higher up my stockinged thigh. Neil placed his right hand around my waist, as it slid to the front of my right thigh, resting on the strap of garter belt. His fingers spread out and he began to slowly manipulate my garter strap and stockinged thigh. I didn't object to any of his rather forward antics, instead I secretively encouraged him by slowly parting my legs, making my tight mini skirt ride even further up my thighs, allowing Neil to feel my stocking tops and the bare flesh of my upper thigh.
"This is the best winnings I've ever had!" Neil grinned "Tell you what Suzi, why don't you deal the cards, then we'll know that no cheating has occurred!" He winked at James, who laughed at his friends antics.
I picked up the deck of cards and dealt two hands. The guys were drawing cards and throwing chips into the pot.
Neil held his cards tightly with his left hand, whilst his right hand was sensually stroking my right thigh. His fingertips moved to my inner thigh and I felt my chest heave slightly as my legs opened a fraction more, which Neil took as a signal to slowly moved his caressing fingertips higher up my inner thigh. He was no more than an inch from my shaved pussy, carefully concealed by the sheer gossamer thong, which at this point was clinging to my shaved mound, becoming increasingly wetter as Neil's wandering fingertips aroused me.
James had called Neil to see his hand. Again Neil won the hand and reached forward to collect the pot. As he did so, I was moved slightly as I raised myself off his thigh, then repositioned myself on his lap. This time I placed my left leg on the outside of his left leg, with my right leg replicating the movement.
My skirt was now so high up my thigh that my almost naked buttocks were nestling against Neil's trousers. I could now feel his granite hard erection throbbing against me. I squirmed deliberately to ensure Neil's hard cock nestled directly between my buttocks. My thong had now pulled in to my shaved slit, moving against my exposed clitoris, taking my state of arousal to an almost uncontrollable level. James noticed my flushed look as I gently bit my bottom lip, trying to stifle my arousal. James looked at me with a wry smile as Neil's fingers eased closer to my shaved mound. I parted my legs even further and leaned back into Neil's chest, as his inquisitive fingers rested on the sheer gossamer of my tight see through thong. His fingers gently grazed my mound and slit, sending impulses of sexual electricity directly through my pussy. I let out the quietest of moans as Neil's fingers tickled my pussy while his hard cock throbbed between my cheeks.
James could see my undoubted state of arousal and decided to up the up the ante.
"This next hand, how about the winner gets Suzi on their lap with her dress off?" he smiled revealing to Neil the possibility of things going further. Neil had now grasped that we were a couple in an open relationship and coolly agreed, even adding a little twist.
"Sounds good, but as opposed to strip poker, the winning guy should remove some articles of clothing. It's only fair if Suzi is going to be expected to sit around in her underwear!" Neil grinned.
James nodded his head in agreement as he looked at me for approval.
"This sounds like it could be fun me sitting on your laps in my sexy lingerie while you guys are in your underwear!" I giggled "Are you sure you'll be able to concentrate on your cards?"
"If you're in your lingerie, squirming on my lap, then to hell with the cards!" Neil laughed as his right hand gently stroked my gossamer clad mound below the table. James had no inclination that his fried was rubbing my married pussy, or how much of my stockinged legs were being revealed, but judging by the amount of squirming and gentle moans emanating from my mouth, he was beginning to realise that something was occurring beneath the table.
James dealt the next hand as Neil continued to softly caress my thong covered slit. I cant be sure but it looked like James had deliberately lost the hand to see how far I would go.
I stood up from Neil's lap, my tight mini skirt had rolled up somewhat, revealing my stocking tops and garter straps. I unzipped the skirt and let it slide down my stockinged thighs, revealing my see through thong, which had pulled up so tight, every detail of my shaved pussy was on view.
"Do I remove my top?" I grinned as both guys stared at me.
"Yeah why not!" James smiled, leaning back into his chair.
Neil had unbuckled his trousers and had kicked them off his feet. He was sitting in just his tight t-shirt with a pair of tight Calvin Klein briefs, a rather prominent hard cock, stretching the fabric of his briefs. My pussy tingled at the sight of his package straining at the leash. I looked over at James and said.
"If the top is coming off then so is this thong. It's digging in to me and it's not very comfortable!"
James smiled a rather coy smile and said.
"Sure, why not! You need to be comfortable babe!" he drawled sexily.
"Well, if you're getting comfortable then I am also!" Neil stated removing his tight black briefs, as his rock hard cock thrust upwards.
I turned to face James and slid my tight wet look top over my head, unleashing my firm 36DD breasts. My nipples were proudly erect as I arched my back, bending forward slightly and slid my wet see through thong down my thighs. Stepping out of the thong, my shaved pussy was now revealed.
I eased myself down towards Neils lap as my buttocks pressed his cock against his stomach. I could feel his cock pulsate as he twitched it between my buttocks. My slit had begun to open as I felt the delightful heat of the shaft of his cock pressing against my pussy opening.
My large breast were hanging freely, swaying gently as I squirmed on Neil's lap.
Neil looked across at James, who was smiling approvingly.
"James could you deal, and Suzi you can play my cards for me!" Neil stated as his hands went around my waist, moving down the front toward my exposed pussy.
James dealt as requested as Neil's hands landed between my opened legs. All of this was below the table so James could not see what was going on. I picked up the cards dealt to me just as Neil placed a hand either side of my shaved pussy lips, opening me wide. When he received no objection from myself, he sneakily stroked my clitoris, making me startle somewhat.
My movement allowed his cock to slide forward, parting my shaved pussy, as the head of his cock slid gracefully inside my wet tight hole. I leant forward onto the table, my breasts resting on the green baize as the soft felt material aroused my nipples. Neils cock was now deep inside my pussy, filling me delightfully, stretching my tight hole as I winked at James.
I slowly rode Neil's cock with James blissfully unaware that his nearly naked wife was being fucked opposite him.
James stood up and said.
"I need a bathroom break!" then winked at me.
He walked out of the kitchen on the pretence of going to the bathroom. As soon as he left the room, Neil held my full breasts and began to tweak my nipples as his cock filled my pussy. I rode his length then leant back into his chest. I turned my head toward his as my panting mouth moved closer to his. His lips covered my own as we began exchanging saliva with our tongues.
Breaking our kiss, I looked him directly in the eye and whispered.
"Fuck me!"
"You're quite the naughty little slut aren't you?" Neil said squeezing my large breasts.
"Shut up and fuck me! Give me your cock and spunk!" I panted as I rode his cock expertly, squeezing the walls of my tight pussy around his magnificent shaft.
I could see James through the kitchen door giving us a few moments of privacy, as Neil fucked me delightfully behind my husbands back.
"I'm going to come!" I whispered, riding Neils cock like my life depended on it.
My orgasm built up and burst through my pussy. Neil had his index finger on my clitoris, moving it rapidly as female ejaculate burst from my pussy. I was writhing around on his cock in ecstasy, panting furiously, whispering into Neil's ear "Fuck Me!" repeatedly.
I saw James looking at my post orgasmic demeanour, sliding up and down Neil's hard cock as Neil squeezed my large firm breasts.
My legs were open wide, placed either side of Neils legs, wearing only my stockings, Garter belt and high heels, sitting on my husbands friends cock, fucking him like the cheating slut I am.
James walked in as my orgasm was subsiding and it was impossible not to see that Neil and I were fucking. Neil looked somewhat startled, holding my full breasts as I bounced slowly on his cock. James smiled at Neil and gave him a thumbs up.
Neil smiled back, squeezing my breasts delightfully, as I rode his cock.
"She has such a tight pussy for such a filthy slut!" Neil said through gritted teeth. This aroused me immensely hearing Neil become more alpha and orally abuse me, while his cock was deep inside me as my husband looked on.
I was looking directly at James with half closed, lust filled eyes, feeling Neils cock slide deeper inside my pussy.
James winked at me approvingly as my eyes rolled with delight.
"Yes, her pussy is very tight!" James replied "Her ass is even tighter!" he exclaimed.
Neil looked shocked at James reply.
"You'd let me fuck her ass?" Neil squeaked, somewhat shocked at the information.
"That's not my decision! Suzi fucks who she wants and lets them fuck her where she wants!" James cordially responded.
"Make me come once more, then you can fuck my ass!" I panted.
Neil pulled my head close to his and kissed me deeply. His tongue slid between my teeth and slithered inside my mouth. With his cock deep inside my pussy and his tongue swirling around my mouth, we could not be more joined than we were at that moment.
"Fuck the slut!" James spoke softly, ordering his friend to defile his wife.
I groaned with unadulterated delight, hearing my husband encourage his friend to treat his wife like a total slut.
I rode Neils cock wildly, as his right hand smoothed over my shaved mound. His index finger stroked my blood engorged clitoris, enticing another orgasm out of me. I thrashed on his cock as a powerful orgasm surged through my whole body. A gush of female ejaculate burst from my cock filled pussy, as James looked on grinning, stroking his hard cock, still languishing in his trousers.
"Fuck me!" I repeated with every orgasmic breath.
"I don't think I can hold on much longer!" Neil admitted, informing me that his orgasm would be arriving very soon.
"Spit on my ass and slide your cock in!" I panted.
Neil bent me over the poker table as I held my ass cheeks wide open. He knelt between my legs and spat directly at my puckered rosebud. A shudder and tingle ran up and down my spine as my husbands friend began to abuse me for his own sexual gratification. His huge hard cock nudged against my tight sphincter, as inch by inch of his large weapon began to stretch and fill my tight asshole.
I looked up at my husband as he witnessed his slut wife taking a hard cock up her ass effortlessly.
James was smiling, almost proud at his set wife being fucked and defiled by his friend.
"Give it to me!" I demanded as his cock slid in and out of my tight asshole.
James unzipped his cock, taking it from his trousers, he began to stroke the length slowly. His eyes never left me as he watched fervently as his friend fucked my ass.
James was nowhere near as big as Neil and I took it upon myself that I should sexually humiliate my husband.
"Oh Neil, your cock is so much bigger and harder than my husbands!" I groaned, looking James directly in the eye. He began to stroke his hard cock faster as I continued my oral humiliation.
"You can come around and fuck me anytime you want, whether James is here or not!" I panted watching James squirm with masochistic delight.
"I'm going to come up your ass!" Neil growled as the first splash of his powerful stream began to fill my asshole.
"Give me your spunk Neil!" I demanded looking at James as his own orgasm arrived, spunk flying from his tiny slit, landing on the kitchen floor.
Neil growled and snarled as his spunk filled my ass. He gave my right buttock a hefty slap, leaving a red hand mark and said.
"I think I will fuck you again!" he smirked "She is a right dirty slut your wife!" Neil grinned.
James just nodded in agreement, his deflating cock still in his hand, the end weeping remnants of sticky come.
"If your man enough you can stay the night and fuck me some more! Maybe you guys can double penetrate me and leave all of your spunk inside me!" I smiled holding my full tits as Neil's receding cock slid out of my ass.
"Or you can both finish playing cards!" I quipped.
No prizes for guessing their response!