The year is 400AD. Queen Diana stood naked in her chamber. Her attendants washed her body with warm water infused with exotic scents, the water cascading over her skin and gently flowing to the floor. Although now 50 years in age she still oozed with the same sexuality that had served her well throughout her adult life. Her breasts still firm, stomach taught and buttocks curvaceous and muscular as an athlete. Her long brunette hair cascaded along her shoulder and down her back. Tonight was the occasion of the annual feast of spring; a sexually charged event that gave her the opportunity to select whichever lovers met her approving eye. Dignitaries from across the empire mixed with acclaimed athletes and even gladiators from the stadium. It should be an entertaining evening she thought to herself and opened her eyes to allow her attendants to dress her.
The guests had arrived some time before Diana entered the proceedings. The wine had been flowing freely and the sexual tension could already be felt in the room. Everyone in the room stopped as she slowly walked in. Diana stood commandingly above them and declared "let the festivities begin."
To those who were familiar with the festival this was the signal for the orgy to commence. Diana took her place on a reclined platform overlooking the room and gestured to her favourite slave Antonius to come to her.
Antonius was familiar with the format of the evening as he had served his queen on the previous two occasions. His penis had been hard as iron for the past hour in anticipation of what was to follow. Antonius dreamed about these moments throughout the year and now the moment was upon him. "yes my queen."
Diana slowly pulled up her dress to reveal the top of her thighs and parted her legs to reveal her bare pussy.
"Kneel slave" she commanded. Antonius positioned himself between Diana's open thighs as commanded. Diana leaned forward and placed her hand on his head and gently pushed Antonius' head towards her pussy. Antonius gave no resistance - he knew what was expected and he had to muster all his self control to prevent himself from cumming. He opened his mouth and gently ran his tongue from Diana's ass to the top of her clit. He repeated this many times, increasing pressure each time. He sucked her pussy lips into his mouth one at a time, pushed his tongue deep inside her - as far as he was able. This was where he wanted to be, the moment he dreamed about so often. He wished this would never end.
Diana had relaxed into a reclined position and was savouring the sensations of Antonius' tongue. She was fond of this slave and knew that no-one could compete with him in this sexual favour. However it was bad etiquette to orgasm using a slave so as she felt the urge begin to build she placed her hand on Antonius' head and pushed him away. "That's enough - it's time for fucking." Antonius stood back and Diana surveyed the room, looking for her first lover of the night.
Diana's eye was immediately drawn to a tall Nubian who was engaged in conversations with a small crowd of giggling young women. Diana asked her maid who he was.
"Kashta - Prince of Nubia" her maid replied. The queen smiled and ordered "bring him to me."
Kashta had hoped this would happen and walked boldly towards the queen. "Welcome Kashta, do you understand what I expect on this night?"
"It will be my honour," said Kashta. Diana nodded to her maids and without word they proceeded to undress Kashta. Kashta stood naked before Diana. He was over 6 feet tall with jet black skin that glistened in the candlelight. His muscles were defined but relaxed. Diana's eyes devoured the sight before her, moving lower they stopped at his waist. There in all its splendour was his magnificent penis. Long - maybe 12 inches and perfectly proportioned, its circumcised head shone - such was its hardness.
Diana looked at Antonius and he immediately walked over. He carried with him a small vessel containing warm oil. He poured some into his free hand and without hesitation began to massage the oil over Kashta's massive erection. Antonius was surprised by the weight of this giant cock and how it was able to so easily defy gravity. He looked at Kashta for approval but Kashta indicated with his eyes that he wanted more. Seeing that his cock was completely coated Antonius realised that Kashta wanted his balls oiled. Antonius dutifully oiled his hand again and cupped the giant balls that hung between Kashta's thighs. Again the weight was more impressive than Antonius ever imagined possible. Kashta was now ready and in a swift movement pushed Antonius aside and stepped between Diana's open legs.
Diana propped herself up on her elbows, eager to watch Kashta's giant manhood as it approached her wet and ready pussy. He took hold of the base of his cock with his right hand and used it to sweep up and down the length of the queen's pussy, then making small circles about her clit. Diana ached to feel him inside her and pushed her hips forward to encourage him to enter her. Not wishing to offend the queen he responded to her cue and pushed against her eager pussy. There was a moment's resistance then the first two inches of his massive cock slid smoothly into her. Diana closed her eyes in satisfaction and lay back in anticipation of what was to come. Kashta fucked the queen slowly, each time pushing a little further inside her until he felt the limit of what she could take. He stopped and held the pressure. Diana writhed and ground her hips against Kashta's engorged penis relishing the extraordinary feeling of satisfaction, feeling completely filled by his manhood. She looked down and could see that she had taken all but the base of his cock and smiled contentedly.
At this moment Kashta pulled out the entire length of his cock and without pause thrust it back in, taking the queen's breath away. He proceeded to fuck her wildly, grabbing her ankles in his powerful hands and thrusting like a man possessed. Diana began to feel the beginning of her first climax. She tried to close her legs but Kashta held her firm. She was now past the point of no return. Diana's body convulsed in waves. She cried out in ecstasy, prompting Kashta to fuck her harder and faster. His body was wet with sweat, exhausted but exhilarated at the same time. Suddenly his balls tightened and he began to spurt powerfully deep into the queen's pussy. He remained embedded deep inside her for a few moments, then pulled his softening cock from her stretched pussy. Cum began to drip down her thigh. Kashta bowed to the queen and withdrew to the baths.
Antonius stepped forward awaiting instruction from the queen. She knew what he desired most but she knew that could wait. "Clean me with a wet towel" she commanded. Antonius tried to conceal his disappointment but the queen could see it in his eyes. Antonius knelt beside her and gently wiped away all signs of what had happened. The queen stroked Antonius' hair and sipped contentedly on her wine.
Diana was fascinated by the orgy. Everywhere naked and semi naked bodies engaged in passionate depravity. The smell of sex filled the room escalating the eroticism to new heights. Just below her a lady of wealth - possibly a senator's wife was being fucked from behind while taking another cock in her mouth. A young athlete lay down with a voluptuous woman riding his swollen cock, another sat on his face receiving oral pleasure. It was now time for Diana to have seconds. She called for Marcus the gladiator to be brought to her. Marcus was under strict instruction to save himself purely for the queen's pleasure. His reputation as a lover had become the talk of the palace and now the queen wanted to test him. Marcus presented himself before her.
"Your majesty I am here at your service." The queen beckoned her maids who undressed him as Kashta before. His body was muscular. Scars ran across his chest and his hands were powerful from the years of combat. His face rugged and handsome, his thighs colossal and mighty. His penis was as thick as her wrist and immediately she doubted herself. Surely not! She thought. Diana sat upright to inspect Marcus' manhood. She curled her fingers around it's girth but was unable to meet them such was his size. He did not have the length of the nubian prince but this was a challenge to her as never before. She nodded to Antonius who brought the oil. Antonius began to lubricate his hand but the queen took the oil from him and gestured for him to go. The queen generously oiled her hands and took Marcus's cock and balls. She oiled them gently, savouring the moment and still wondering if she could possibly take the enormous manhood in her now very wet pussy. The queen lay back, opened her legs and waited.
Marcus moved into position. He placed the giant head of his cock at the now gaping hole of the queen. He pushed gently but was unable to penetrate her depths. Several times he tried with no success. He took his cock in his hand and let it fall on the queen's belly. Leaning forward he took a nipple into his mouth, gently licking it in swirling motions. Then the other, this time a little rougher. The queen was turned on like never before. She felt her pussy expanding inside creating a deep ache to be fucked.
"Fuck me now" she said.
Marcus pulled his cock back from her belly and pushed once more at her pussy. An initial resistance gave way and half his length was inside. He pulled back and pushed another couple of inches deeper. Again he pulled back and his whole length slid into the queen. The queen's eyes rolled back in her head and she let out the guttural cry of a wild animal. Never had she been filled so completely, so perfectly. She pulled him close wanting to feel his weight bearing down. He fucked her slowly then quickly bringing her to orgasm after orgasm. Sensing that his time was near, Marcus pushed back up. As he had no royal lineage it wasn't appropriate to cum inside the queen. He thrust hard one more time and pulled out, his huge load pumped into the air, landing in drops over Diana's tummy, tits and even her long flowing hair. The queen lay motionless, completely spent. Marcus bowed and just as Kashta had an hour earlier, headed for the baths.
The queen had fucked enough. Rivulets of cum ran down her tits and belly. Her maids cleaned off what they could see and Antonius stepped forward to help. She smiled when she saw him. Instinctively knowing what he needed, she spread her legs. Antonius dropped to the floor and began to kiss and lick her used pussy. The queen lay back and enjoyed the tenderness of his kisses. After ten minutes Diana decided to end proceedings. Across the room she could see couples, threesomes and more still indulging themselves. She exited the room and retired to her chamber. Diana thought about the events of the evening. She had chosen well and was satisfied.
"Bring me Antonius" she said to her maid. Antonius entered shortly after. The queen approached him and stood inches from him. "Remove your toga Antonius" whispered the queen. Antonius did as he was told. His robe fell to the floor. He stood naked before his queen, a painfully hard erection jutting into the air. Diana took hold of his cock and slowly began to caress it. The tension inside Antonius could hold no more. His cock began to pulsate and a stream of cum shot from him. Antonius stood there embarrassed and unsure. The queen kissed him gently on the lips and whispered "goodnight Antonius."