Rob was the Operations Manager at the small company where he worked, which meant he did most of the hiring and firing. Mary, on the other hand, had been hired by the owner, Peter. One look at Mary explained why. Peter wanted to screw the young woman. Rob did, too. Hell, everyone did.
Mary was a petite beauty, just a hair under five feet tall. Her long black hair hung halfway down her back, a shiny mane that swished and shifted when she walked. Her slender hips also swished and shifted when she walked. The dynamite duo of hips and hair swaying in unison created an endlessly fascinating display of her feminine charms.
Her complexion was medium, her eyes more round than almond-shaped, and her ethnicity eluded most observers. What everyone was could agree on was that Mary was hot, sizzling hot.
Peter tried to get her to strip for him but she rebuffed the man, telling him bluntly that he reminded her of his grandfather. Rob's boss, Tom, would normally have made a play for her but he was fighting to save his marriage after his wife had caught him cheating on her yet again. That left Rob standing at the front of the line.
Mary and Rob were a classic Mutt-and-Jeff pairing. She was unusually short and he was taller than most at 6'4". Her coloring was medium while he was a pale white man whose people hailed from the frozen wastes of Northern Europe. She thought the contrast was cute. Rob's thoughts were more practical. She'd have to be on top.
Mary was new in town and Rob quickly offered to show her around. Their first night out was a simple dinner, not too fancy, at a funky sushi place. When he dropped her at home, he didn't even try to kiss her, although it took all his self- control to hold back. That small sexy woman had Rob's cock vibrating like a tuning fork.
A few nights later they went to a concert with a female vocalist whose latest record was a huge hit. Mary was so happy on the way back to her place that she invited Rob in. He hid a smile and followed her into the small apartment she shared with her old college roommate. Rita was necking with her lover in the living room, so Mary pulled her boss into her bedroom.
She left Rob alone for a minute so he looked around. She was messy but not too messy. He bit back a snicker as he caught sight of a vibrator half-hidden under a pillow. Mary came back carrying a bottle of wine and two empty glass jars.
"Only the finest stemware," she joked as she handed a jar to her date.
"I am dazzled to be in the presence of such sophistication," he jested back.
"Half-wit," he thought critically. "Sometimes, I would be better off if I kept my mouth shut." Except Rob's wisecrack had made her laugh. Two points for Puf-n-Stuf.
"Thank you," he said as he held up his jar. She poured until the jar was half-full. Being alone with a babe like Mary -- in her bedroom, no less -- was not a half-empty kind of moment. Rob was so hard that it hurt.
"Thanks for taking me to the concert," she replied. "That was the most fun I've had since moving here."
"This is a great city for concerts," her boss acknowledged. "You were great company!"
"Yeah, about that," she began.
"Dammit, here it comes," he braced himself.
"I really like you," she said. Oh?
"But I have a boyfriend back East and I don't want to cheat on him."
"Dammit! Dammit! Dammit!" the man cursed silently.
"We talked last night and I told him about you." Rob looked into her face.
"I'm confused," he said.
"If..." she swallowed nervously. "If you're okay with certain limitations, we could still do some stuff. I mean, you're a handsome man and I'm a sexy woman. You... you do find me attractive, don't you?"
"Girl, you have no idea what you do to me," he growled, letting his arousal show.
"Oh!" she gasped and her face grew red. She reached down between her open thighs and knuckled her crotch. Rob was delighted to see her shudder ever so slightly.
"Are you horny, too?" he asked softly. She heard the inclusivity in his words and lifted her head to look him in the eyes.
"Yes," she whispered, her expression filled with need and hunger.
"So... uh... what kind of limitations do you have in mind?" he probed delicately.
"No kissing on the lips," she replied. "Martin says that's too intimate."
"Martin?" he thought derisively. "Is she joking?"
"What about kissing you elsewhere?"
Mary nodded, her eyes shining. Oho! So, there were still some opportunities.
"I'm guessing fornication is right out," he protested with a mischievous smile.
"Correct," she nodded. "I'm sorry."
He could see that she *was* sorry, too. Her lust was busting right out for everyone to see.
"Are both holes off limits?"
She nodded shyly. "I hope you're not pissed at me. I feel like I kind of led you on."
Rob felt like he already knew the answer to the question poised on his lips but he wanted to hear her answer it.
"Then, why do it?"
She blushed.
"You... you were the first man I met since coming here that I... that I wanted to... to fuck," she stammered. Rob's cock throbbed. He knew right then that he was going to fuck her. It was just a matter of when.
"I've wanted you since the moment I first saw you," he replied. It was the truth.
"I couldn't do anything until I talked to Martin," she explained. "But until I did, I didn't want you to get away."
The way she said it nearly made Rob cream his slacks.
"So, what did Martin say when you told him about me?"
"He wished me good luck and great orgasms," she giggled. "He's so understanding."
For a second, Rob looked at her in disbelief. She asked her boyfriend for permission to get busy with another man, a total stranger, when she was three thousand miles away. And he said "good luck"? Rob wanted to cry out that her beloved Martin was a stupid fool who had no idea what kind of risk he was taking by casually sharing one of the most beautiful girls Rob had ever seen.
"He sounds like a great guy," her boss lied. "So, we'll be friends with benefits, I guess."
"Is that okay?" she asked earnestly. "I really wanted to talk earlier, but..."
"I know, I know. You had to talk with Martin first."
"Yeah," she lowered her head. "That sounds so lame, doesn't it?"
"So, do you have to tell him what you did when you call him up?"
Rob pretended to make a phone call.
"Hi babe," he said in a high-pitched voice, making Mary giggle. "I miss you! Do you miss me? You do? What do you miss most? My pussy! Geez, horndog! Way to make a girl feel special!"
Rob had her laughing by the time he was finished, which meant she was ready. His usual move would have been to kiss her on the mouth, but Martin had denied him that pleasure. Instead, he pulled her into a gentle embrace and kissed her hair.
"You smell so good!" her boss murmured honestly. He pulled a strand of hair behind one ear and gently kissed her behind the ear.
"Oh!" she gasped as the man's soft lips sent a thrill through her body. He continued to work her erogenous zones with his lips and tongue until she was panting and moaning with desire.
"I want you," Rob grunted hoarsely.
"I want you, too. But we can't," she moaned.
He realized she assumed he'd suggested fucking her. Her resolve was apparently closer to breaking than he thought.
"Let me taste you," he replied, reaching up to peel off her jeans. Damned if that horny slut didn't nearly tear them off herself. She was ready to explode and Rob was ready to light her fuse.
He started at her feet, sucking her toes before slowly working up the insides of her thighs. It didn't take long before she was moaning loudly and pulling her legs open to give him easier access to her cunt. He didn't attack her pussy directly, though, and worked his way around it. His warm breath caressed her fat clitoris long before his tongue.
Finally, she begged for it.
"Make me cum!" she pleaded needily. "My body feels so hot and my pussy is so wet!"
Rob gave her clitoris a gentle stroke with his tongue.
"Oh, fuck!" she screamed and her body shook. It wasn't an orgasm as much as it was a precursor of what was about to happen. He gave her another lap with his tongue. This time he traced a circle around her clit before enveloping the throbbing pink button in my lips. She grabbed a handful of his hair and held Rob's face against her cunt.
"More!" she begged huskily. "Please, make me cum!"
Her boss grinned and started drawing the alphabet with the tip of his tongue. Mary only made it to the letter "m" before she shrieked and started flailing. The man pulled back.
"Damn, I'm good," he teased her, although he knew she wouldn't hear him. Not right then, anyway. She was too busy clenching and curling as her body was gripped hard by her climax.
"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" she gasped. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!"
Rob leaned back in between her legs and blew gently on her still swollen love button. Her hips spasmed involuntarily and she grunted like a little fuckpig. He laughed.
"I'm thinking Martin never made you cum like that, has he?" he taunted her. She gave him a wild-eyed look that told him that he was right, even if she wouldn't say so out loud.
He'd already won the battle. He hadn't speared the woman yet with his cock, but he knew she was going to let him do it. The expression on her lovely face was one he knew well. When a woman's hunger reaches a high enough level, they'll fuck anyone and everyone. And from what Rob had heard about Mary's college years, she really *did* fuck everyone. At least, that's what Rita had told him. She referred to Mary as the dorm bimbo, which was really just a euphemism for being the dorm cumdump.
He wrapped his arms around her and held Mary close. She was almost purring so he let her savor the afterglow of her orgasm. He had all night to play with her and was happy to let her catch her breath. She was going to need it.
Rob awoke first. It had only been a couple of hours, but already his cock was standing at attention and awaiting orders.
"Don't worry my friend," he said to his dick, shucking it with one hand. "You'll get all the pussy you want tonight."
"Wha?" Mary stirred and opened her eyes. "Who are you talking to?"
"Just Junior here," he smiled. "He woke up and told me he missed you."
Mary giggled.
"He did, hmm?" she asked. She leaned in and kissed the head of Rob's hard cock.
"I missed you, too," she joked.
The man's cock twitched in response, making Mary squeal with amusement. Smiling, she took Rob's cock in her mouth and got to work. He had already been hard and he was growing even harder.
"Wow, stud! You really like me, huh?" she teased.
"I want to fuck you, Mary!" the man answered gruffly.
"Oh!" the young woman gasped. Rob's passion was so hot that she felt her resolve melting in the face of it. "I... shouldn't."
Her boss smiled, noting that she was no longer saying "I can't".
"Martin doesn't have to know," he said. "We'll keep this between us."
It was bullshit, of course. Rita knew what was going on and she was a friend of Martin's just like Mary was. Neither of them really cared, though. Rob sensed the moment when she surrendered and gently pushed Mary down on her back. She whimpered as he spread her legs and lay down between them.
There was a moment of intense anticipation. Both man and woman were aching with lust and when Rob's cock finally sank into Mary's gooey cunt, they both cried out with pleasure.
"Oh God! Fuck me!" Mary screamed loud enough that the neighbors two doors down could have heard her. Out in the living room, Rita and her lover fought to keep from laughing out loud. Rita pulled her man into her bedroom so her roommate could have a little privacy.
"God damn, Mary! You're such a slut!" Rita snickered.
"Fuck me, baby!" Mary begged her boss. "Your cock is filling me up so good!"
Rob was too focused on stroking in and out of the young woman to speak. Instead, he pushed his cock all the way inside Mary until he was balls-deep, fully embedded in her small body.
"It's so big!" the woman gasped. "It's so fucking good!"
Grinning, the man resumed thrusting and Mary responded by gasping out that she was close to a climax. Rob didn't even slow down. He was determined to fuck the beauty's brains out and fully planned to keep her stuffed all night. When the petite young woman came a few minutes later, he paused to let her savor the moment and then started fucking her again.
"Oh God, I need a break," Mary moaned. "My pussy is so sensitive!"
"Which means this is the perfect time to fuck you," Rob teased. "I'm going to make you cum a dozen times, little slut!"
It was the first time that Rob had used strong language in Mary's presence and she noticed it immediately. She enjoyed rough talk just as she enjoyed rough sex and the slur drew a gasp as a surge of pleasure spread out from her core.
Rob smiled, noticing her flushed face. Rita had told him a lot of Mary's secrets one night over a shared bottle of tequila. One of those secrets was the petite black-haired woman's penchant for humiliation.
"Call her a slut and she'll suck your cock," Rita had revealed. "Call her a whore and she'll fuck you."
"What if I call her a cum-gargling gutter-slut?" the man joked.
"She'll ask you to call up your friends," Rita had replied without missing a beat. "*All* of your friends."
Rob looked down at the company's newest hire and made a mental note to thank Peter for hiring her. If nothing else, it would remind the old man that Mary had refused him but willingly fucked another of his employees instead.
"Mary, do you like it when I call you a slut?" Rob asked with a grin. "Do you like being called a whore?"
Mary let out a low moan.
"Come on, you little bitch!" the man hissed. "Don't keep me waiting!"
"Yes!" she answered softly, her face crimson with lust and shame. "I like it."
"Louder!"
"Yes! I like it!" Mary cried out. "I love it!"
"You're a filthy little slut, Mary," Rob taunted her with his words as he teased her with his cock. "You're going to be our company fuckdoll."
"Oh fuck!" the woman groaned, her body trembling with overwhelming arousal.
"I'm going to announce to all employees on Monday that you'll be available to everyone starting immediately. Even the janitor and the bike messengers. You want that, don't you? You want everyone lining up to take a turn churning in your sloppy cunt and pumping you full of cum."
"Yes!" Mary groaned loudly. "I want all of them! Oh, fuck! I want them to fill me up!"
"They're going to wreck your cunt, Mary. They're going to fuck you so hard that you won't be able to walk right for at least a week." The woman's mouth opened in a silent wail as she was gripped by a powerful climax, one that made her shake and spasm uncontrollably for nearly twenty seconds before leaving her limp and gasping on her bed. A few seconds later, she was asleep.
The next day was Saturday and Mary awoke to find her boss had already gone home to shower and clean up. He'd left her a note, however, saying he'd be back to pick her up for lunch. The petite beauty knew she stunk of sex so she jumped in the shower to wash up before Rob returned. As she bathed, she thought about what he'd said while fucking her.
"The company fuckdoll", he'd said. The corporate cumdump. The house whore. Mary shivered as a jolt of lust traveled between her brain and her cunt and back again.
"I want that," she whispered to herself as she stroked her swollen love button. She thought about her colleagues and fantasized about fucking them all one-by-one, just opening her legs and letting them step up to enjoy her cunt.
"Oh fuck!" she groaned, her fingers feathering her clitoris desperately. "Make me cum!"
And she did. Gloriously. She dropped to her knees and flopped around as her body quaked with carnal gratification.
It was a half an hour later when Rob returned. To Mary's surprise, he was riding a Harley- Davidson motorcycle. He handed the small woman a spare helmet and helped her climb up on the back.
"I thought we'd have lunch in the wine country," he said and Mary nodded enthusiastically.
It was a warm sunny day and the pint-sized beauty reveled in the sunshine and picturesque scenery, not to mention the delicious vibrations of the motorcycle. Once they left the highway and switched to back country roads, Rob slowed his pace and reached back to pat Mary reassuringly on the thigh. She had chosen to wear loose denim shorts paired with a hot pink bikini top. One of the reasons Rob had left the main road was because of the stares she was drawing.
She wrapped her hands around her boss' waist and slipped one hand down into his shorts, squealing happily when she found that his cock was long and hard. She began stroking him off without thinking about what that might lead to. When Rob slid one of his hands up her loose pantleg and into her panties, she cooed happily at the intrusion. First one finger slid inside her and then a second.
"Oh, fuck me!" she grunted as her cunt clamped down on the man's probing fingers. "He's going to make me cum!"
It was the pick-up truck that pulled up alongside them that triggered Mary's orgasm. Well, that and a third finger pushing up into her hot squirming snatch. The expression on the driver's face was perfect. He was an older man and his eyes were nearly popping out of his head. When he'd spotted the small woman on the back of a Hog wearing a bikini top, he figured her for a biker slut. Even so, when he saw that she was getting finger-fucked, he nearly drove off the road.
Rob felt Mary bucking on the back when she abruptly climaxed, the vibrations of the cycle adding to her pleasure. She clung to him while she came and when she seemed to finally settle down, Rob pulled off into a park so they could cuddle on the grass for a bit.
"Lunch can wait," he said, nibbling on her ears. "You're all I want right now."
Mary sighed and curled into his embrace. She felt happier and more satisfied than she had in years. All morning she'd been thinking that maybe she'd gotten engaged too soon -- maybe to the wrong man. Martin was sweet, but he was boring compared to her new boss, who was taller, better-looking and confident in a way that her fiancé was not.
"I want you to fuck me," she said softly. "I want to be your cumdump."
Rob kissed her neck, sending a thrill through her from head-to-toe.
"Are you sure?" he queried. "I might ask you to fuck a whole lot of people."
"Yes!" Mary moaned as the man's kisses made her pussy wetter and wetter. "I'll fuck anyone you tell me to."
"Colleagues?"
"Yes!"
"How about customers?"
"Oh, fuck yes!"
"Hmm, maybe some of my friends, too," Rob suggested, his eyes twinkling.
Mary looked him in the eyes.
"All of them," she moaned, her voice thick with desire. "I'll fuck all of them!"
"Good slut," the man smiled and leaned down to give her a long passionate kiss that left her panting.
"God, how do you make me feel so good?" Mary gasped. It never occurred to her that her boss might be cheating, that he might be slipping something into her beverages to keep her horny and hot. Her youth, inexperience and naivete made it so easy.
"Maybe it's because you love me," Rob teased. He knew that one day he'd toss the beautiful woman aside, but for now he was determined to have as much fun with her as he could get away with. Nudging Mary down the path of disgrace and dishonor was the most fun he'd had in years.
"Are you going to fuck me, now?" she pressed softly. "Please?"
"What about those two guys over there?" Rob suggested, pointing to a couple of old bikers who had also paused for a rest. They had to be at least sixty. "I'd like to see you take both of them on at the same time."
"Really?" Mary squeaked, her face growing pink.
Rob helped the girl to her feet and much to the surprise of the two old bikers, he led her over to the trees where they sat.
"I saw you watching us," he started. "I..."
"Is she a whore?" one of the men interrupted.
Rob grinned.
"No, she's a slut. She gives it away for free."
The man's eyes narrowed. Neither of them was very large, but he was the alpha of the two. Rob wondered if he had a weapon and made a mental note to be careful.
"Will she suck my cock, then?" he asked.
"Of course, but wouldn't you rather fuck her?"
Rob felt Mary stiffen a bit at his side, but she made no protest or attempt to flee. She knew that she needed to follow my lead without question. It apparently hadn't occurred to her to wonder why her boss was making her fuck strangers. Still, it was important that she learn her place.
"Yeah, I want to fuck her," the man agreed. "She looks like she's probably real tight."
Rob laughed.
"Sorry, for such a little girl, she's got a pretty big hole between her legs." He felt Mary pinch him in protest, but that only made him chuckle all the more. "I would bet that the both of you could fit inside her at the same time."
Mary let out a little gasp at that. The two men immediately exchanged a look. Rob could tell they were going to do it.
"Strip," he ordered. "Let them see your body." To her credit, Mary immediately began to peel off her skimpy bikini and shorts. She must have been scared silly and yet she stripped quickly until she was completely naked.
"C'mere, slut!" the biker man said. Rob noticed his companion had not uttered a word yet. Mary lay down on the grass between them and opened her legs. Alpha plunged into her first, entering her from behind, and fucked her for a minute until she was good and wet. Then, the other man pushed his way inside from her front. Mary let out a grunt as her hungry, wet hole was unceremoniously stretched open by the two men's cocks.
"Yes! Fuck me!" she begged, squealing happily as they rutted in her furrow. Rob suddenly wondered if she was still playing the obedient fuckdoll or if she'd actually gone all in. As the two men fucking her increased their tempo, he decided it looked and sounded more like the latter. Her moans were pretty convincing. He smiled. The sluttier, the better.
He was learning something important about this gorgeous young woman. She was small and sexy, but she was also a little crazy. Maybe more than a little.
The three of them were getting noisy. All three of them were groaning and breathing hard, but the most audible sounds were the loud, lewd slurping and squelching noises coming from Mary's loose and sloppy cunt. The two men were really giving her the business, stretching her pussy into a droopy, goopy pink mouth, one that hung open slackly in an obscene display. It didn't take long before the pair of bikers both ejaculated inside Mary's vagina. Rob smiled, having swapped out her birth control pills when he was alone in her room.
He wasn't sure if his pretty slut had also cum or if she'd faked it. It looked real, as far as Rob could tell. He let her rest for all of thirty seconds and then hauled her to her feet.
"Get dressed, slut," her boss ordered. "You've got a lot more cocks to fuck today."
As the petite young woman pulled on her bikini and shorts, Alpha looked up at me from where he lay on the grass, his thick cock still drooling cum.
"Hey, thanks man," he nodded. "Best sex I've had in a long time."
Rob couldn't help but think it was likely the only sex he'd had in a long time. There were no gains to be had by arguing the point, though, so he let it pass.
Mary was ready to go.
"Say thank you to the nice men for fucking you so thoroughly," her boss prompted her.
"Thank you for fucking me," she repeated softly, smiling shyly. Now that Rob was closer to her, he could tell from her flushed cheeks that she had indeed enjoyed an orgasm. What a wild woman she was turning out to be! He was beginning to understand why sexual humiliation was one of her personal kinks. He didn't know if she'd always been one, but by this point pretty little Mary had become a true masochist.
As they climbed aboard the bike once again, Rob realized he was going to have to turn up the heat if he was going to cook this bird properly. As they rode away, he began to let his imagination run wild.