She stepped away from the meeting and breathed a sigh of relief. Four weeks into a new job in a totally new area of work, she was starting to hold her own at these network meetings.
She walked back to her car, taking in the rural English countryside around her on a beautiful summer's day. She left the venue and headed back across country towards the Midlands, keeping an eye on the rapidly diminishing fuel gauge.
As she drove down leafy country lanes and through villages, she felt exhilarated at how well the meeting had gone, with a sense of freedom at being out of the office in a location miles away from where anyone knew her.
She felt a stirring inside and in a random, out-of-character act, she pulled her bra up, exposing her breasts to the summer sun as she drove along, smiling. She'd been feeling horny for a few days but hadn't done anything like this in years.
At 43, she'd had her time of giving her now-husband public blow-jobs in darkened alleys, of going out without knickers on, of him making her come in an alcove of a medieval pub in the centre of town, but that all seemed in a distant haze now, the last 7 years being devoted to having kids, struggling to turn from an exhausted mother-figure to a functioning human being, let alone a sexual being. Her husband had waited patiently, putting up with the intermittent sex.
But recently, slowly, almost imperceptibly, the haze was lifting, and she was starting to feel her way back to herself. A tiny scrap of a blank page to redefine who she was and what she wanted, instead of other people's needs coming first. The constant touching from little hands was beginning to lessen, leaving space for her skin to breathe and to perhaps even ache to be touched. She felt like maybe she could see herself again, instead of just being someone's mum. She knew she was overweight but that was the next aim, to get back in shape, but it meant her naturally large breasts were currently a very generous G cup.
She tweaked her nipples, wanting to feel something, wanting someone to drive past her and notice her breasts. The bra was digging in where she had lifted it so she looked for a lay-by, pulled in and whipped her bra off. She laughed to herself: what on earth was she doing?!
There was a car parked up ahead of her. She imagined getting out, walking up to the occupant and asking what the time was or asking them to confirm where she was, anything for them to notice her gently swaying breasts under her red blouse. But no, she didn't have the nerve to do that, so started up the car again and set off.
Without the structure of the bra creating a dip for the seatbelt to lie in, the blouse provided no traction as her seatbelt kept sliding off her left breast, pressing into her neck. She pulled the material up out of the way and the belt fitted nicely in between her large breasts which jumped and jiggled with each bump in the road.
She went deliberately slower on the dual-carriage ways, hoping with each car and van that passed, someone would look over and see her, getting frustrated when they didn't. She approached a roundabout and noted a van would draw level with her in the next lane as they stopped, but lost her nerve at the very last minute and pulled the top down slightly. On the motorway, she felt more confident, knowing she could speed away if anyone saw her so she exposed her breasts again and so she played a game with the traffic, going slow when a van was approaching so it would overtake, or speeding up to reach lorries then slow down as she passed the cab.
LOOK AT ME.
JUST LOOK AT ME.
No-one looked. No-one saw.
She noted the fuel light was about to come on and with 50 miles still to get home, she knew she needed to fill up. She pulled into the next services and found the fuel pumps. She wouldn't be able to put her bra back on so would have to fill up and pay with her breasts free and jostling with any movement under her blouse. She filled up then crossed the forecourt, shyly holding her purse across her chest to hold her breasts in place. She headed to the toilets first, pulling her top up to look at herself in the mirror and gently pull on her nipples to harden them in the air-con.
She moved to the sandwiches and chose some lunch. Frustratingly there was no-one else around for her to stand next to, so she joined the small queue to pay, arching her back in the hope that someone might notice her curves.
LOOK AT ME.
JUST LOOK AT ME.
No-one looked, no-one saw.
She got the blond, tanned, muscly cashier and she smiled at him but at only 5' 4", the top of the counter came above her breasts so she couldn't push them forward for him to see them. She paid and walked out, feeling more confident now she was leaving so she arched her back, thrust her swaying breasts forwards and strutted over to her car. If anyone did see, it would have been obvious there was nothing under her blouse as her breasts bounced with each step.
LOOK AT ME.
JUST LOOK AT ME.
As far as she could tell, no-one looked, no-one saw.
Back on the motorway, she tried and tried to get someone to see her but it just wasn't to be her day. She just wanted to steal someone's glance, to have lights flashed, maybe the honk of a horn to draw attention to her, recognition from someone that they saw her, that she existed, but nothing. She was back on home ground before she knew it, frustrated and covered up as she left her car and walked up the path to her house.
She dropped her things, headed upstairs and lay on the bed, masturbating as she thought about what might have been.
Time to plan her next steps maybe? Nothing slutty, nothing too overt at this stage, but what could she do next?