Once that was all over, we got the groceries Larry had brought over, fixed our plates and sat down to eat. We didn't talk much during dinner, so nothing else was discussed.
But once dinner was over and we had the kitchen cleaned up, we went to the living room. I sat in my big chair that had been put back where it belonged and flipped my legs over the arms. I was enjoying showing my friends my wide-open pussy.
"So, Sally, we saw that you allowed that guy to put his fingers in your pussy. That is kind of dangerous, isn't it?" Ron questioned.
"I guess it is, but I wasn't thinking too much. He was so cute and I almost said he could fuck me. But, yes I should have been more careful." I said.
"Would you like him to fuck you Sally?" Asked Joan.
Maybe someday, but I have to get to know him better. Like I said, I want to be a virgin on my wedding night, so whoever makes me their wife, gets to fuck a virgin." I told her.
That is interesting," Steph said, "You want everyone to see you. You allow them to feel you up. You let this guy make you cum with his fingers. You sit here with your cute little pussy wide open for all of us to see. But you don't want a hard cock or anything else in your cunt until you get married. Strange."
"Yes, that's all true, but I made a vow to myself to remain a virgin until I was married. I know it's strange because I want others to see me naked. I want to be shown off in public. I want others to have me show my naked body to others. But, you're right, at this time I don't want a hard cock or anything else in my cunt. I may change in time, but for now I stay a virgin till I'm married." I told them, "But, that doesn't mean I don't get horny and need to cum. I might even allow someone's tongue there, but no cocks."
I added the last part for Steph's benefit. I think she wants to eat me, but not real sure. She keeps telling me I have a cute little pussy and she did kiss it and licked inside me when she shaved me. So, I said that to see if she might want to. I might let her too!
We talked some more, mostly about me. They said they would pick me up from class tomorrow and we would go get me a nice paddle to be spanked with. They also said they would go to a mall away from us to do it, because once the punishment was done, they had some other plans for me.
"And what plans are they?" I asked.
"We won't tell you Sally. It is all a surprise." Joan said.
"You said I would be dressed when you punished me. You aren't changing that, are you?" I questioned them.
"No, we will allow you to be dressed for your spanking, but we have to have your ass naked. It is after the spanking that we will have more fun." Ron told me.
"What will you do with me after you paddle my ass?" I asked.
"You know we won't tell you that Sally. Everything has to be a surprise for you. But don't worry, we won't let you get in trouble, arrested or fucked." Steve said. "That is unless you want to give up that cherry."
"No, I want to keep that. And I guess since you will be there to protect me, I will do as you wish. After all, it's what I've wanted all along." I said.
Great, now let's all get some sleep. We have a busy day tomorrow. Sally, door open, but you can cover up tonight." Joan said.
I went to my room and watched as they all went to their rooms. They shut the doors, but mine stayed open. I didn't want any more punishments. Once in my room, I got the paper out that Larry had given me and called the number.
"Hello, this is Larry." He said. Then the conversation began.
"Hi, this is Sally."
"Sally, Sally who?"
"OH, I guess I never told you my name. I'm the naked girl you played with."
"Oh, ok. How are you. I still don't understand why you were like that when I arrived."
"Well, my roommates had me do it. You see, I told them I have always wanted to be naked and seen by others. Then I signed a contract to do whatever they wanted, as long as I didn't get in trouble or lose my virginity."
"Are you serious. You agreed to do that?"
"Yes, and once I saw you, I liked you and would like to see you again sometime. I may not always be naked when I'm with you, but I won't know what I'll be wearing either."
"I don't understand."
"Well, you see, in the contract with my friends, I have to wear whatever they give me. I never know what it will be until I am ready to get dressed."
"What if they don't give you anything to wear?"
"That means I am naked for them."
"You have to go to school naked? Have you been outside naked before? Why do you do it?"
"Larry, you might not understand it all, but I do enjoy it. I wanted to do these things, but could never do them on my own and my friends are helping me do it. I don't go to classes naked and they won't make me do anything in class. At least for now. Yes, I have been outside naked and have been seen by others."
"Wow, what else have you had to do?"
"Well, just the other day, I had to take off my jeans and blouse in front of the library and walk home in just my sheer panties and bra."
"No way. You walked around in public in your underwear?"
"Yep, sure did and loved it."
"You are something else Sally. When can I see you again? Maybe tomorrow?"
"Can't be tomorrow Larry. They are taking me to a mall someplace and I get punished for breaking a rule."
"You have rules?"
"Yes, and I forgot to keep the bathroom door open when I went to pee."
"You mean you have to leave the door open when you pee?"
"Yes, and I also have to spread my legs so they can watch me. I leave my bedroom door open also and sometimes have to sleep without covers. I even go get the mail while naked. One day a neighbor saw me and he got to feel me up. But I didn't let him put his finger in like I did for you."
"Sally, I need to know more about you. So, let me know when you can be free to see me. Maybe we can go for dinner or a movie sometime."
"I'll talk with my friends to see when I can get away. I want to see you again, but right now they kind of own me and I can't do anything without their approval."
"That seems strange, but I will go along with it for now. Let me know what they say and I'll come pick you up."
"OK, Larry, goodnight and sweet dreams."
"Good night Sally"
Once we hung up, I drifted off to sleep. I have never liked anyone as much as this guy. He seemed to be very genuine and I wanted to know more about him. I may be getting myself into something I may not like, but I must know him more.
Waking up the next morning, I stretched and jumped out of bed. I felt so relaxed and ready for the day. But then, I thought about getting my naked ass spanked and that kind of put me in a bitter mood. But, I will withstand it and go forward. I am not going to let a little spanking stop me from my dreams of exposing myself.
I went to the bathroom, left the door open and sat down to pee. Just as I was starting to pee, Steve walked in and he was as naked as I was. His cock looked nice swinging between his legs. He just smiled at me as I was peeing and stepped into the shower. Now, I have watched Ron pee and saw Steve naked for the first time. I wonder if they are teasing me.
I finished, wiped my pussy and stood up. "Want to join me Sally? Steph won't mind."
"No thanks Steve, I'll pass." I told him.
I headed out to the kitchen and found Ron and Joan having coffee. "Up kind of early, aren't you?" I said.
"Yeah, we are. Just making some final prep for your punishment. It will be so much fun." Joan told me.
"What's going to be fun? I have to get my naked ass paddled in public. I don't see where that is any fun at all." I said.
"Well, I guess it won't be for you Sally, but we will have a great time. We are thinking of spending most of the day out and exposing you all over. Have you ever wanted to streak at a mall Sally?" Ron asked.
"No, and I don't think that would be a good idea. I could get arrested for that." I told him.
Joan and Ron both laughed and then I heard Steve and Steph laughing too. I wasn't sure if they would make me do that or if they were just kidding with me. What if I refused to do that? Would I be punished again for saying no? I was starting to get nervous about today. I was almost ready to tell them I quit, but then I wouldn't be able to show off any longer unless I did it on my own.
"Ok, let's all get something to eat and then we can get her clothes for her. After that, we'll go shopping and spanking." Steph said.
We all ate and then they found the clothes I had to wear today. They gave me a button up blouse and a short flair type skirt. I thought it looked funny on me, but that is what they wanted. I dressed for them and we went to Steve's SUV. He drove away from our house and headed out of town. I had no clue where we were going and they wouldn't tell me. We had a mall right here in town, but we didn't go that way.
I was ok with not going to the local mall. That way, it was doubtful anyone I knew would see me getting spanked. I love being exposed to others, but being spanked in public was never in any of my dreams. But, since I agreed to the rules and punishments, I had to allow them to beat me.
After driving for about 45 minutes, Steve pulled into a large mall in another town. This mall was bigger than the one we had and that kind of scared me some. I wondered if anyone else from our town ever came here. If they did and were here today, they might see my naked ass getting paddled and anything else the foursome decided to make me do.
He pulled into the parking lot and drove around for a while. I couldn't figure out why he just didn't park so we could get this over with. Maybe he did it to extend my anxiety. But then I realized the others were saying, 'no not here' 'Try over there.'
They were trying to find the right place to park so they could show me off and maybe I would get spanked outside the mall. That was ok, because I wouldn't be seen by as many people. As Steve drove around, I looked at the other people we passed. They were heading into the mall, leaving the parking lot.
Then, Ron shouted. "Right here Steve. This is perfect."
Steve stopped and the others agreed with Ron. I looked out and saw lots of cars where we were and people milling about outside their cars. Steve found a parking space and then shut the engine off.
We sat in silence for a moment and then Joan started talking. "Sally, here is how the punishment works today. We are going to get out and you will stand at the back of Steve's car. Of course, you will have your paddle in your hand and you will not try to hide it."
She let me let that sink in and then started talking again. "When we are ready, we will tell you to hand me the paddle and you will bend over at the waist and grab your ankles. Steph will fix your skirt, so we have a clear shot of your naked ass and of course anyone walking by will get to see it also."
"OK, can we get this over with, please." I said.
"We aren't finished with the rules for your spanking yet Sally." Steph said.
"What now. I am doing everything you want, so please let me get the spanking done so I can cover my ass and we can go back home." I told them.
"No, for starters. We won't be going back home for a while. But, we will tell you about that more soon. But back to your spanking." Steph said, "Once you are bent over, grabbing your ankles, we will begin. It will be Joan, Ron, Steve and then me."
She let that sink in and then continued. "In order for us to make sure you get no more than the 20 spanks you picked, you will count them for us. With each swat to your naked ass, you will give us the number and say thank you."
"OK, can we do it now, please." I begged. I just wanted this to end. I didn't want to get my naked ass spanked in public, but I agreed to punishments and this is what I picked from the jars.
"If you miss count, try to move or cover your ass, we start all over with one. That means if we are up to 10 and you don't say it, we will wait for a moment before we tell you that you forgot to count. Then it starts at one again. At any time, you try to protect your ass or jump up, we start over again also. So, you see, you may get more than the 20, but that will depend on you." Ron told me.
Oh, my God, they are really pushing me now. I am not even sure I can handle the 20 and now if I fuck up, it will be more. But, I did agree that they more or less owned me and I have to obey them. I never realized it would be like this.
"Ok, is that all. I just want to get it over with. Then do whatever else you have planned, as long as it doesn't get me in trouble or fucked. I do want to show off, but not really happy about being paddled." I said.
"Ok, let's do it then. Remember the rules Sally." Joan told me.
We all got out of the van and I walked to the back. I saw people walking around and some were close by. I was nervous and very scared, but I was determined to go through with this. I might regret it later, but I will not back out of my promises. I know if I said to stop, they would and we would go home. But, they would not play with me anymore and I wanted to show off more for them.
I had the paddle, that I had to buy in my hand and I know others saw it. But, this is what they wanted. They wanted other people to witness my punishment and it all starts with me holding the paddle. The tool that would burn my naked ass.
I stood there waiting for the rest of them to get out and join me and they were taking their time, which made me more nervous. Finally, they were all out and standing around me.
In a very loud voice, Joan said, "Sally, give me the paddle and prepare your ass for a spanking."
That got more people paying attention to me now. They had heard what Joan told me and just stopped to watch. I handed her the paddle and bent over at my waist and then took hold of my ankles.
I felt Steph behind me as she took the hem of my skirt in her hands and raised it up over my ass, putting me on display once again. Then, she began to tuck in it into the waist band. She tucked it all in, starting from one side, working her way to the other side.
"Now it won't fall down when we spank you." She loudly said.
I was turning so red in the face and I knew it wouldn't be long and my ass would match it. Not from embarrassment, but from the paddle. I stayed in position, just like they wanted and waited for it to happen. But, they took their time in doing it. This showed off my naked ass more and I was sure my little pussy was peeking out between my legs.
"Sally, you need to open your legs some. We need a better target and with your legs closed up like that, it doesn't give us what we need." Ron told me.
I scooted my legs apart, which was hard to do since I was bent over holding on to my ankles. But, I did what he wanted and then knew for sure my juicy slit was very visible. I felt the wetness sliding down my legs. Here I was about to get 20 slaps to my ass and I was turned on.
"Ok," yelled Joan, "let's get this naked ass hot."
I knew she did it so others would witness my debasement, but it also turned me on, knowing I was being seen by others. It probably would have been even better if I was totally naked, but that is not what I chose.
"Ready Sally?" Joan asked me.
"Yes, just get it over with please." I said.
Then I felt it. The first blow to my naked upturned ass. God, she hit me hard. I jumped and grabbed my ass. It hurt so much.
"That doesn't count Sally. Remember what you need to do, now let's try it again. Get in position." She told me.
Damn, it hurt so much I forgot to count it. But, I bent back over, spread my legs even more and grabbed my ankles.
The next blow hit my other cheek, just as hard as the first one, which didn't count.
"One, thank you." I yelled.
I heard giggles all around me, but didn't move. I felt the next blow to my left cheek where the first one that didn't count hit me.
"Two, fuck, Thank you." I screamed it out.
Three, thank you I yelled, as the next one hit my right cheek.
She alternated between my left and right cheek as she finished up her 5 swats.
"Four, Thank you. Five Thank you. Damn that hurts." I said as she had hit me with the paddle.
There was a short pause and I felt it again, but it seemed harder this time. It was Ron swinging the paddle this time and he really hit hard.
"Six, Thank you." Seven, thank you. Eight thank you." I counted every one of them.
He also went from right cheek to left cheek, making sure both sides of my naked ass got the same treatment. "Nine, thank you. Ten, thank you." I yelled out each time my ass was struck.
Another pause and then another blow to my left cheek and then the right cheek. They were all rotating my ass cheeks so each one would have the same amount of pain.
"Eleven, thank you. Shit, shit, shit, twelve, thank you, thirteen, thank you, fourteen, thank you, fifteen, thank you."
Steve was now done and all that was left was Steph. I didn't think she could hit me too hard, but I was wrong. I looked between my legs and she was holding the paddle with both hands and swung it like it was a baseball bat.
Holy shit, she hit me so hard, I almost fell over. But, I yelled out "sixteen, thank you."
I had barely gotten that out and she hit me again and it felt harder than the first one she did. I was crying and my ass felt like it was on fire. I didn't think I would be able to sit down for a week after this punishment. One thing I knew would never happen again. That was I would not break any more of their rules.
"Seventeen, thank you, eighteen, thank you, nineteen, thank you."
And then a pause before the final blow hit me. I wondered why she hesitated, but didn't wonder for very long.
I then felt the paddle land on both cheeks at the same time. I figured she was lining my ass up so she could do both and when it hit my ass, it was the hardest of all of them.
"TWENTY, THANK YOU" I screamed very loudly.
It was finally over. My ass had been hit 21 times while showing my naked ass out in public and when I was told to stand up, I saw a very large crowd watching me. Then they all started clapping for me. Damn, it was amazing. I got my ass beat and they applauded me. How sick is that?
Steph stood behind me and took several pictures of my naked ass, since my skirt was still tucked in to the waist band. I started to pull it out so I would be covered, but Ron said, "No Sally, just leave it as we have it. Punishment is over, but now it is play time."
Steph walked around in front of me and showed me her phone with the new pictures on it. I looked at several all of them. They started from when I was just standing, then with my skirt up over my ass, then when they started spanking me and then the end. My ass turned redder with each hit and at the end, it was a very bright red.
"OK, now we are going shopping and you will walk in front of us with your naked ass out. We want others to see how red it is and we also want to see how long it takes to turn back white again." Joan told me.
"But, you must pay attention to us, because we will be telling you to go right or left or straight. We will tell you what stores to go into. And if you don't do what we say, even if you don't hear it, we will say either show me or strip. Are you ready?" Steph explained.
I was still sniffling and my ass was on fire, but I felt that tingle in my pussy and wanted more. I wanted to show off to everyone. I didn't care if I was told to strip in the middle of the mall, I would do it.
"Yes, I'm ready, but please don't get me in trouble." I told them.
"OK, then start walking and make sure you wiggle that red-hot ass for us." Steph said.
I started walking toward the entrance to the mall, with them following me. I wiggled my ass as best I could and knew a lot of other people were watching me also. My red ass was on display in a public mall and I was loving it. Other than being paddled, this is exactly what I always wanted.
I walked into the mall, trying to pay attention to the directions they would give me. Of course, there was a lot of noise in the mall, so I wasn't sure if I would be able to hear them. I prayed they would speak up enough for me to hear what they were telling me.
"Go straight." Was the first order I heard. So, I kept walking straight into the mall. I saw shops and stores on either side of me, but couldn't go into any of them yet.
"Go right" came the next order. I tuned to the right and started walking down another hall. This was a big mall, and I had no idea what was down here.
"Stop" was the next thing I heard. I stopped where I was and waited for them to catch up to me or tell me something else.
"Turn around." I was told, and I did as they said.
Then the next thing I heard was, "Show us!"
I was facing them and saw many other faces behind them, just watching me. But, I did what I was told. I raised my skirt and blouse up and showed off my wet pussy and tits. I was getting wetter and wetter down there and was afraid it was going to start dripping soon.
There I was, showing off my bald naked pussy and little tits in public. Just like I dreamed about for years and I knew a lot of people saw me exposing my lady bits. I wondered what else I would have to do today. I was also thinking that I had to tell Larry what I did and hoped if we ever really hooked up, he would have me do more too.
I stood half naked in the mall for a while and then I heard, "Ok, drop them." I let my skirt and blouse back down, but my ass was still naked. I was told, "Don't touch the back and keep walking straight."
I walked down the hallway for a short time and then I heard, "turn left and enter the store."
I turned left and noticed it was a shoe store they wanted me to go into. I didn't hesitate, but entered the store with the 4 of them right behind me.
Once inside, Steph said, "OK, slut, time to show off that cute little cunt again."
I swear she is worse than any of them. I'm not a slut. I just want to show off, but she makes it sound so bad and dirty.
"Let's find some shoes for you Sally. We pick them out and you just do as we say." Joan told me.
They had me walking around the shoe store with my naked ass still on display. It didn't burn as much, but I still felt the heat from the paddle and hoped that never happened again. It hurt so much, but at the same time, I was excited and almost had an orgasm from it. But, no I don't want to be paddled again.
They picked out 3 pair of heels for me. One beige pair, with a 3-inch heel. One black pair with a 4-inch heel. And one red color with a 5-inch heel. I wasn't too sure about wearing a 5-inch heel, but if they told me too, I would do it.
Then, they went to find a salesperson to assist me. "Sally, sit on this bench and spread your legs. We will find someone to help you try them on. If they ask the size, you don't know what size you wear. Understand, slut?" Steph told me.
I wish she wouldn't call me a slut. I am not one of those types of girls. I don't put out for anyone. I just like to show everyone my naked body. There is nothing wrong with that, is there?
I sat down and spread my legs like they said. When I did, my skirt rode up my legs some, but not enough to show anything. And, as my rules say, I was sitting on my naked ass, and didn't have to adjust the skirt to do so. They already had my ass out on display for everyone to see.
Once I sat down, my ass hurt more. I didn't realize how bad the paddling made my ass, but it was sore. But, I did as I was told and just to wait for someone to come assist me with the shoes they had picked out.
They did find a young man to help me and I knew they would be teasing him with my body. But, this is what I wanted and will help them make the guy hard. But, he will have to stay hard because he won't be having sex with me and I knew the other 2 girls wouldn't put out for him either. Guess he'll just have to jerk off later.
The young guy came over to me and asked, "What size do you wear?"
"I am not sure sir; would you measure my foot for me?" I said to him.
I giggled as he got his measuring thing out from under another bench and placed it in front of me. He said, "Please take your shoes off Miss, so I can get a good reading."
"I always have trouble with these shoes, can you help me get them off, please." I almost laughed because I knew he was going to be looking right at my naked little pussy when he did it. And, he would get a better look later.
He got down on his knees to help me get my shoes off. He was concentrating on my shoe and had not looked up yet. I moved my legs apart more to give him a better view and when I looked at my friends, they motioned for me to spread my legs even more. So, I did.
He finally got the shoe unbuckled and pulled off. When he did that, he looked up but never made it to my face. He was staring right at my naked pussy, which I could feel winking at him. I had to hold back my giggles as he said "Ok, one off."
I moved my other foot toward him and when I did, my pussy was more exposed to him. My skirt road up my legs and I was just about naked from the waist down. My 4 friends were all smiling and giggling behind him. They kept telling me with hand signals to open more.
He worked to get the other shoe off my foot, but never looked anyplace but my naked pussy. I was pleased with myself thinking that this is something I have often dreamt about, but never could do it. I never had the nerve to show my pussy to anyone like this, but in my dreams, it always happened.
He finally got my shoe off, measured my feet and then stood up. I could see the tent in his pants and felt sorry for him. He would probably go to the boy's restroom and jerk off once I left.
"I'll be right back." He managed to get out and took off to the back room.
My 4 friends came to me and Joan said, "Take your skirt off Sally."
Oh, my god, they are going to make me get naked right here in the store, but as I was thinking about it, my skirt was coming off. Now I sat there, totally naked from the waist down. I prayed they didn't make me take my blouse off.
"Now, you know you have to help the poor guy out once we get your shoes. He needs some relief and you will give it to him." Steph said.
"We agreed there would be no sex." I said.
"No, we agreed to keep you a virgin. So, you won't have to fuck him. It is either a blow job or a hand job. Which do you prefer?" Steph continued with me.
I started to say something else, but Joan said, "And remember, when that girl sucked the president off. He said I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Well, he considered getting his cock sucked was not sex and one court agreed with him. So, it isn't sex if you suck his cock or jerk him off."
"OK, I'll jerk him off, but that is all. No more than that. I don't want to suck anyone's cock until I suck my husband's someday." I told them
"Very good slut. Now, spread those legs." Steph said.
I was starting to dislike Steph more and more. I am not a slut, but she insists that I am. I will have to talk with all of them once we get back home. I don't want to stop doing the things they want, but I will stop if she continues.
The young man came back and almost dropped the shoes he was holding. He saw me half naked, sitting there with my legs wide apart. He could see my naked little bald pussy and I knew it was so wet right now.
"What are you doing? You can't sit here naked like that. I'll get in trouble. Please get dressed and leave." He said.
"I'm sorry, but I can't get dressed. I am doing an initiation to get into a sorority and if I don't do it, I won't get in. Please just help me out and I'll take care of that thing in your pants for you once I have my shoes." I told him.
He thought about it for a moment and then said, "Well, ok, but we have to hurry. I can't have others seeing you like this with me."
I said, "Ok, put the shoes on my feet and then we can go to the back room so I can get you off."
He hurriedly put the shoes on my feet and Joan said, "You need to walk in them Sally. Can't buy them if they don't feel good."
I giggled and stood up. He got to see my naked ass now, which was still kind of red from the paddling I had gotten earlier. I walked away from him and then back.
"So, what do you think. Should I get these?" I asked.
The poor boy couldn't even talk. Ron said, "I think you need to try on the highest heels and walk again."
"I think so too." Steve said.
But Steph said, "Strip first."
I looked at her and almost said no, but my fingers were undoing my blouse and it was soon off and I was totally naked in the shoe store, in front of a young man that I was going to jerk off in a little while.
"Please, get dressed. You won't need to do anything else. You are going to get me fired." He was almost crying.
"No, if she doesn't do everything we say, she will not be allowed in." Joan told him.
"And if she doesn't do it, she has to walk out of here just like she is. It will be ok. We will watch out for anyone one else coming in. Just go with what we say, OK." Steph told us.
I sat down and convinced him to help me with the tall shoes. They were the highest ones I had ever had on my feet. They were the ones with the 5-inch heel and I wasn't sure I could walk in them.
He slipped them on my feet, but never looked at anything but my pussy. I tried to give him a good show, keeping my legs apart as much as I could. I felt my pussy getting wet and I thought about asking him to eat me, but I didn't have the nerve to do that. I would have to wait until later to play with myself. But right now, I sat there totally naked except for the high heels he just put on me.
"Ok, Sally, get up and walk to the back and then turn and come back here." Joan told me.
"Make that cute little ass wiggle too." Steph said.
"I have the camera ready." Ron told them.
"I'll watch out for others" Steve added.
I stood up, and tried to walk, but almost fell. The young man caught me and had his hands on my naked tit. That felt good and I pressed into him more. I wanted him to play with me so much, but I had to walk like they told me to. So, steadying myself I stood straight and started walking toward the back.
I didn't have to worry about my ass wiggling, because with these shoes, it did it automatically. I felt my cheeks going up and down as I walked and I knew I was putting on a good show. I had no idea who else was watching me take the naked walk and right about now, I didn't care. I was showing off in public and loved it.
I got to the back wall, turned and walked back to the front where the others waited. I could see the young salesman's pants and it looked like he had quite a package. It tented his pants and he didn't even try to hide it. I got back to them and sat down, spreading my legs just like I was told.
"She will take those and will wear them out of here, if that is ok." Joan told the guy.
"Oh, sure no problem." He said, but never took his eyes off my naked body. He was really focused on my pussy.
"Now, there are 2 things you need to help us with sir." Steph said.
"What is that?" he asked.
"Well, she is being bad today. The first thing she did was to get you all worked up and has made you hard. So, she needs to be punished for that." Steph said.
Oh, no, I am going to get spanked again, I thought. That isn't fair to me, but right about now, I was almost willing to do anything because I was so horny. I wondered what else was she going to make me do. I wouldn't let this guy fuck me, but I did say I would jerk him off, however knowing Steph, she had other plans.
"So, if you would allow us all to go to the back room, she will get over your lap and then you can spank her naked ass, along with feeling her up." Steph told him.
"OH, I couldn't do that. I don't think she needs a spanking." He told her.
"Yes, she does, and if you don't she won't be allowed to dress and will have to walk home naked. Just so you know, it's a long walk back to our house. So, either you spank her or she takes a naked walk of shame. And she won't be allowed in the sorority." Steve told him.
"Well, ok, I guess I can do it then. You said 2 things." The young man said to them.
"The next part is for you. She is going to jerk you off and allow you to cum on her little tits." Joan told him.
"Why can't I just fuck her? I mean she is walking around naked in front of me. I just want to fuck her." He said.
"No, sir, you can't fuck her. You see she's a virgin and doesn't want to lose it before her marriage someday. But, I believe you would be the first guy she's jerked off. Isn't that right Sally?" Steve asked.
"Yep, I have never touched a cock before. The only ones I've ever seen are Ron's and Steve's, but didn't touch them." I said.
'Well, ok, then, let's go to the back room and get this over with. I don't want to be caught doing anything on the job." He told us.
I took his hand and walked to the back room with him. Then, I helped him take his pants off and had him sit in a chair. Then, with some encouragement from my friends, I got over his lap, giving him a clear view of my naked ass. I also spread my legs so he could see my pussy too.
"OK, she gets 10 swats to her naked ass and they have to be hard. We want her ass nice and red when we leave here. Sally, you know you have to count, right." Joan said.
"Yeah, I know, but why do I have to get spanked again? I'll jerk him off, but please no spanking." I pleaded.
"It's because you were a bad girl and bad girls get spanked. So, let's do this and then we can go get something to eat and play some more." Steph said.
"Are you ready Sally? We need to hurry before anyone comes in looking for shoes. That's unless you would prefer a better audience like you had earlier." Ron said.
"No, just get it over with. I'll count them for you. By the way, before you spank my naked ass and I jerk you off, what is your name?" I questioned.
"Billy. My name is Billy. Why did you pick me for this?" He said.
"You weren't picked Billy. You just happened to be in the shoe store that we decided to show her off in. So, let the spanking begin." Steph said.
"Are you ready Sally?" Billy asked me.
"Yes, do it so we can leave." I said.
The first blow hurt badly. It was loud as his hand hit my naked ass and it also stung. He hit me really hard. But, I managed to say, "One, thank you."
Then he didn't slow down and it felt like he was hitting harder with each slap. My ass was on fire again and I knew it was going to be a bright red when we left the store. But, I continued to count.
"Two, thank you, Three, thank you, Ouch, Four, thank you.
It was hurting more and more with each strike. This boy was strong. Stronger than I thought he would be. He must work out or something.
"Five, thank you, shit that hurt, six, thank you, seven, thank you, eight, thank you, damn, nine, thank you, ten, thank you. STOP!!"
I jumped up, rubbing my ass. My friends were all laughing and Billy laughed too. I was so embarrassed. I was spanked by a total stranger and now I had to jerk him off and let him cum on my little tits.
I looked down into his lap and was so shocked. This boy had one big cock. I had seen Ron's and Steve's, but this one was bigger than both of them. It must have been at least 9 or 10 inches long and was so very hard. It was sticking straight up from his groin and his balls were huge too.
Joan said, "OK, Sally jerk him off so we can get going. Better hurry because we will be leaving and if we leave before he cums, we will take your clothes with us."
I knelt in front of him and took his big cock in my hand. Another first for me. The first time I ever touched a cock. Have seen 3 so far and now I had one in my hand. I knew I had to stroke it up and down, but wasn't sure if I was doing it right or not.
My friends watched as I jerked off Billy and I just stared at this thing in my hand. Wow, I had a hard cock in my hand. That is amazing, since I have always tried to avoid doing anything with a guy, especially with his cock. I avoided them because I didn't want one in my pussy and had never thought I could make a guy happy with my hands.
I stroked his cock up and down and I could feel the heat coming from him. He was so hard and I think once I started jerking him off, he got even bigger. I said, "Billy, please let me know when you are going to do your thing, so I can put it where my friends want me too. On my tits."
He didn't say anything, but he was starting to hump my hand. He was pushing his cock up and down as I jerked him off.
Then suddenly, he yelled, "I'm CCCCUUUUUMMMMMIIINNGGG."
Wow, and he did cum. I pointed his cock at my chest and saw, his hot white cum shooting out of his cock, right at me and onto my naked chest and tits. He shot rope after rope after rope of this gooey stuff all over me.
Once he had cum, I kept playing with his softening cock until he pushed my hand away. "No more. Please, no more." He kept saying.
My friends laughed and said, "Ok, Sally, rub it in to your tits so you can get dressed and we can go eat."
I put my hand into this gooey mess on me and rubbed it all over my tits for them. Once I had it rubbed in, they gave me my blouse and skirt. I quickly put them on, but they fixed the back of my skirt like it was before and my ass was on display again.
Once I was dressed, I thanked Billy and we left. I didn't even realize I still had the new heels on and just walked out of the store with them, without paying for them.
As we left the store, I saw Ron turn the closed sign back around to open. Now I knew why we hadn't been interrupted. They had made it look like the store was closed and no one came in.
Next stop would be the food court and from there, it was going to be more exposure.