"Come on, Annie, you gotta come to check out this new club with us." Lane said. All I could see of her was her bright green eyes, dark brunette hair framing her high forehead, and her long fingers over the edge of my cubicle wall. "This place is supposed to be amazing fun and super sexy. Jimmy, Chris, and Dan are coming, so please don't make me be the only girl. Besides, it'll give you a good excuse to get close to Chris. I know you are crushing on him hard." I could see the smile in her eyes and her well-groomed eyebrows lifted while she waited for my answer. I finished logging out of my computer and gathering the things off my desk for the weekend. I slipped my shoes back on, pushed back the chair, and stood.
"I don't know, Lane. The club scene isn't really me. Can't you ask Brittani? I'm sure she would be more into that sort of thing." I answered, knowing that wasn't' going to appease my relentless good-time friend. She and I had been friends since high school and she was forever trying to get me out of my quiet, bookish shell. Now that we worked at the same customer service call center, it was harder for me to say no. She had pulled me into a little social circle formed from singles around our age that had the same lunch shift. Besides, she was right. I definitely had it bad for Chris and would probably go on the off chance I could sit near him.
"Brittani met that guy last week, remember? She's got a date tonight." Lane moved into the hallway with me as we exited the building. "You know you want to come. I'll help pick out your outfit and do your hair! The club has a reputation for being very progressive. They only advertise by word of mouth and from what I've heard, they do live shows with volunteers." Thoughts of stage magicians in big capes sawing some woman in a sequin dress in half flashed into my mind. Lane caught the odd look on my face and laughed.
"No, not what you're thinking. More like a strip club. Think on-stage lap dances, like in Magic Mike." She grinned as we reached the parking lot. "I've always wanted to try a strip club. Going with the guys will be even funnier. But don't worry, you have to volunteer, they won't just pull you on stage."
"All right, all right. You've talked me into it. What time are we meeting the guys? I don't even know if I have anything to wear." I started to feel the familiar anxiety of trying something new and being around a large group, but this time oddly mixed with excitement and sexual arousal at the thought of the setting and being with Chris. I had never been in a strip club, although I had a secret fantasy of voyeurism. The thought of watching someone be an object of desire, debased and used for their body, was extremely erotic to me. I hadn't ever given in to this fantasy, having a shy personality. The few boyfriends I'd had were bland guys with no imagination in the bedroom or out, with minimal chemistry. As I followed Lane to her apartment, I decided to go all out. Let her do my makeup, dress me in some of her inevitably slutty "going-out" clothes. I would be open to anything and everything, let my secret fantasies run wild. Who did I have to impress? What did I have to lose? And what else was the point of going to a singles bar on Valentine's night when you were in your early twenties?
*************************************************************
When we arrived at the Lonely Hearts Club, there was already a line at the door. It moved pretty quickly though, and the place filled up fast. We shoved through the crowds to find the guys holding a table near the roped off stage for us. The lighting was very dim in the main floor of the building, with red rope lights around the mirror and shelving behind the long bar. I saw three young and muscular guys working behind the bar, and half a dozen women my age in tight strappy dresses of various colors and teetering high heels. A blonde in a bright red slinky thing sidled up to our table and took our drinks order. She batted her eyes and made sure to touch each of us, a hand on a shoulder there, a hip bump here, even going so far as to brush her rather large breasts against Chris when she leaned over the table to take the menus. His eyes just about bugged out of his head and I blushed, partly in jealousy but mostly in arousal, imagining I could ever be that bold with him.
"Take off your coat, Anna Banana. Show the guys the goods! I worked hard putting that outfit and hair together." Lane shrugged out of her coat to show off her tight silver leggings that hugged every curve and the black lace crop top. The guys whistled as she did a slow spin so they could check out her ass. Then they all turned expectantly toward me. I slowly unzipped my coat, keeping my head down and hair hanging in my face to hide the blush. Don't be such a wuss, I told myself. You decided to show off how sexy you can be tonight. Go all in or go home. I lifted my chin, pulled open the coat and slid it off my arms.
Lane grinned as all three guys' jaws dropped. I was dressed in a very short black skirt. The thing was about 4 inches away from showing my panties, which would be extra embarrassing because I was wearing a lace thong under the skirt. Thigh-high leather boots with tall heels (think Pretty Woman) and a sequined halter top completed the look. I had opted to go without a bra because of the type of top and my C cup breasts jiggled freely under the thin material. Looking around, I could see that I was getting more than just the attention of my table. Our friends had never seen this type of look on me before. I usually wore conservative business casual at work, and the few times we had gone out for drinks I was in leggings or jeans and a nice blouse or sweater.
As I carefully sat down at the table, Dan whistled and said, "Jesus, Anne. I didn't know you were hiding all that under your baggy sweaters. I think we need to take you out more often." I smirked at him and looked across the table at Chris, trying to judge his reaction without being obvious. He was still having trouble picking his chin up off the floor. Our drinks arrived and I grabbed mine for a bit of liquid courage before I put my coat back on and ran for the door. The conversation at the table started back up slowly, progressing from work stories to personal life anecdotes.
Suddenly the stage lit up and a group of gorgeous, curvy women in skimpy metallic bikinis and heels strolled onstage. A dance song started to play on the speakers and the ladies began to dance. They moved with each other, touching, kissing, engaging with the crowd of watchers. A man came out onto the stage dressed in a nice suit and carrying a microphone.
"Welcome, all you lonely people! Welcome to the Lonely Hearts Club, where fulfilling fantasies is the name of the game. We have a special Valentine's show for you lovers tonight." The spotlights moved to five points on the stage that showed five ropes with a large hoop attached to the end lowering slowly to shoulder level. "We are not your typical adult club, we're more of a touchy-feely place. Tonight, I'm going to need five volunteers for a contest. All five ladies will join us on stage and hold onto the hoop. What happens after that is up to our volunteers. The prize is three thousand dollars. As always, photography is strictly forbidden, and anyone breaking that rule will be forcibly removed and permanently banned from this establishment. We create memories here, memories to last a lifetime, but just like Vegas, what happens here, stays here."
I was intrigued. And I don't know what came over me, but I raised my hand to volunteer. The next thing I knew I was being pulled onstage along with four other girls. I took my place and held the hoop in front of me. Looking down at my table, I saw my friends cheering and waving at me with slightly confused looks on their faces. I had butterflies running wild in my stomach and arousal making a deep aching warmth between my thighs and causing my nipples to push out against the thin fabric of my shirt. I couldn't wait to see what might happen and was terrified to find out how it might make me feel or react.
"All right, ladies. The purpose here is to push your boundaries. The contestant that holds on the longest wins. If at any time you feel uncomfortable or want it to stop, just let go of the hoop and walk away." With that, the ropes began to rise. I held tight and realized I was holding my breath as well. I let it out in a rush as the hoop continued to rise, then stopped at almost the limit of my reach. My body was stretched out, causing my back to arch and pushing my breasts out tighter against my top, making my legs look longer and my skirt shorter. The dancer girls were back onstage, slowly circling each of us on the ropes, running their hands across stomachs and up arms and down legs, teasing and making the crowd of people in the club wolf whistle and applaud. One girl at the end of the line suddenly let go of her hoop and ran off the stage, disappearing into the crowd. I decided to just feel everything and forget that I was in a contest. I wanted to feel what the girls in my fantasies felt, being seen as an object of desire and putting on a show, no inhibitions. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath.
The girl circling me went behind me and put her hands against my wrists, then slowly ran her fingers down my arms and the sides of my breasts, nuzzling her face into my neck and softly kissing my shoulder. When she reached my belly, she slid her hands up my ribcage and under the hem of my shirt, lifting it slightly to show my abdomen. I sneaked a glance to the side at the other "contestants". They were receiving the same slow, seductive treatment. My shirt hem was slowly inching up toward the bottom of my breasts, and I took deep breaths, trying to control my arousal and calm my nerves. All the deep breathing resulted in was causing my breasts to push forward even more, making my nipples stand out visibly and causing the crowd to cheer even louder. I looked down at the table with my friends and saw their eyes glued to my body, watching as more and more skin was revealed and I was more and more visibly aroused. Lane was grinning and giving me the "you go girl" signals. Then suddenly the contest kicked up a notch. The music changed, and the hands on my body became more aggressive, no longer soft touches and caresses. She grabbed my hips and pulled them back into her body, grinding her pelvis against my ass, then she twisted me to one side, giving the audience a side profile. She started to grind against me, causing my breasts to bounce up and down and making the heat in my groin almost unbearable. I could feel my panties starting to moisten from a combination of the sexual touches and knowing that there were dozens of people watching my body. The wandering hands made their way up under my shirt and onto my bare breasts. I squealed and squirmed but managed to hold onto the hoop when she found my nipples and pinched them between her fingers and pulled. This was the reaction she must have been waiting for because the next thing I knew, my shirt was ripped up over my head and the breasts were on display for the crowd. They went wild and another girl bolted off the stage. Now we were down to three.
I was twisted back to face the club-goers and hands circled my breasts, squeezing and bouncing them, pulling and twisting the nipples, causing me to moan out loud. I squeezed my thighs together to try to control my arousal and then my new friend kicked my legs apart and slid her hand up my skirt. I gasped when her fingers brushed against the front of my panties and then slid from the front to the back between my legs. She felt the wetness on my thin lacy thong underneath the short skirt. Then I was turned around again, this time facing away from the people on the floor. She slapped my ass, bouncing it up and down under the short skirt, getting more reaction from the crowd. I was in torment, reveling in the attention I was getting and on the edge of orgasm from the very different sexual experience and at the same time, totally out of my comfort zone and trying to remain in control so I wouldn't cum in front of a group of strangers just from having my nipples and ass played with. Then before I could decide to put a stop to it before it got out of my control, my skirt was hiked up around my waist, showing my ass cheeks off and the partly see-through material of my thong was the only thing between my pussy and the eyes of all those people (not to mention guy friends from work and the man I was crushing on). I felt my cheeks grabbed and pulled apart to show my crack with the thin lace of my thong. I turned back to the front of the stage and saw that it was now down to me and one other mostly naked girl. She had her top pushed up to her elbows, exposing small perky tits, and her pants and shoes had been pulled off completely. She still had her panties on too, and was blushing so much her entire chest was red. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing heavily.
"How are we enjoying the show, everyone?" The crowd cheered louder than ever, whistling and catcalling. The announcer walked past me, tweaking a nipple on the way past and making me squeak. He stood between us, looking at one, then the other. He seemed to think for a moment, then nodded and said, "Yep. We need a friend for each of these ladies. Can I get a volunteer from each of their tables? The final test is pretty personal and we feel it would be best for the partner to be someone these ladies know and trust." My heart leaped into my throat and I started to moan. What did he mean by "personal" and "partner"? I looked down at my friends and saw them huddled in conversation. Then they looked up and Lane gave me a huge thumbs up. Chris started to stand and walked up onto the stage. The announcer motioned him and the girl from the other table to stand behind us. I felt like I was on fire, my nipples so hard they hurt and it felt like a raw nerve was running from their pointy tips right to my clit. I was sure at this point I had moisture running down my thigh and couldn't stop moving my hips. I felt Chris move behind me and it seemed that he must be able to feel the heat radiating off my mostly nude body. The girl who had been my tormentor stepped in front of me and unzipped my skirt, sliding it down my legs and off my body, then she pulled my boots off and sauntered off stage with the rest of my clothes. I was now standing stretched to the limit, in front of dozens of strangers wearing only a tiny thong, with the man I was attracted to standing behind me and probably staring at my naked red ass cheeks.
Suddenly I felt breath against my ear and Chris whispered, "Hey Annie, you ok? You are blowing me away right now. I've never seen anyone so brave and in charge of their own sexuality. I'm not minding the view either. You have got a seriously hot body." I purred and pushed my ass back into him. He slid his hands onto my hips and then up my sides to circle my tits. I moaned louder and threw my head back, pressing my breasts harder into his palms. He gently squeezed and then went to work on my sensitive nipples, flicking them back and forth while I ground my ass against his growing erection. I opened my eyes and watched the reaction of the people near the stage, then looked over to my competitor. Her girlfriend was standing in front of her, rubbing her pussy through her panties and sucking on one of her nipples. She was bucking her hips against her hand until someone in the crowd screamed "YES! Cum for us!" then she opened her eyes. She looked like she was coming out of deep sleep, looking around at all the people watching her display. I saw her eyes widen in shock, and she suddenly dropped her arms to cover her little titties and cowered behind her friend. The announcer ushered them offstage, with lots of disappointed sounds from the audience. I was the winner. And I decided to make it a show no one would ever forget.
I turned toward Chris and said, "Now I want you to fuck me. I've wanted you for a long time Chris. Right now I need you to make me cum before I explode. Please, Chris, I'm begging you. Do this for me." He growled against my shoulder, then reached down and yanked my thong down my legs, letting the crowd see the last little bit of my body. He pulled my legs apart and used one hand to rub against my smooth shaved pussy, running his thumb roughly against my clit and making me scream out while he used the other hand to unbuckle his pants. The audience was delirious, taking full advantage of the sudden direction of the night's show. Then he was behind me, tilting my hips to allow access and then plunging in, nothing but his hardness inside my slippery heat. He groaned against my back and I moaned even louder and tightened around him. This was not a slow, sensual love-making. This was raw passion and need with the bonus of an audience cheering us on. He pulled almost all the way out, then slammed back in, stretching me and making my tits bounce. I screamed and widened my legs to allow deeper penetration.
"Jesus, you are so fucking tight, baby. Mmmmmm you are so sexy." He plunged in and out of me, lifting one of my legs to open me up wider and giving the people a better show. I imagined they could clearly see his cock sliding in and out of my spread wide pussy and my engorged clit on full display. The thought sent me over the edge and I screamed my orgasm, bucking my hips forward as wave after wave took me. "Oh my God, Annie. Im gonna cum!" Chris moaned behind me and then he was ramming wildly into me while I started to go limp and numb from the intensity of my orgasm. As he stilled, I finally let my arms drop from the hoop above me and slid down toward the stage floor. Chris caught me on the way down, and I ended up laying in his arms and lap. The stage curtains came down while we lay looking at each other and breathing heavily.
When I finally felt I could breathe again, I looked up at him and sheepishly grinned. He smiled at me and slowly ran a fingertip over my right nipple. "Were you telling the truth before? About wanting me for a while now?" he asked. I smiled and nodded. Chris bent down and gently kissed me. "Well, maybe we will have to do this again, maybe at my place later tonight. I wouldn't mind taking care of the foreplay myself and taking my time. " I threw my arms around his neck and kissed him again. "Happy Valentine's Day, Annie."