Naughty fun at the beach 2
Welcome back, this is my second story.. and a continuation in a series of stories about how my girlfriend got more and more daring and slutty (and I love her being my slut) on some trips to the nude beach in South Florida.
So, it was the very next day and we were back... and as we were walking in from the parking lot we saw a group of black girls.. they said Hello and thanked us for the great show the day before!! It was the same girls that sat behind us and saw me eating her, sucking her nipples, fingering her, stroking my cock and saw her finger herself in front of me!! We all laughed and we thanked them and moved on.
Well, a bit after we got settled in our spot, our friend Paul comes walking by.... And not one to pass up an opportunity to talk to a sexy naked lady, he stopped and joined us. I think he liked having us there as he knew we would talk sex, and I secretly think he knew that Lisa liked it when he talked about her body, and touched his cock in front of her... and how he could get her to be more daring.. or at least he thought he could get her that way...and he knew I loved it!!
So, this time, like the day before... eventually we ended up talking about her big sweet juicy nipples... How much I loved them. She was blushing but loved hearing him talk to me about her tits and nipples, telling me how hot they are, and then smiling at her and saying the same to her.. and then asking if he could touch them... I was horny as shit and wondered what she would say..
Let me set the stage, so by this time I am in chair next to her, both facing west to get the sun.. me on her left side about 1ft away in our beach chairs. Scattering of others a ways away....not on top of us, but maybe 20ft away..... Paul was in his chair on her right, facing her right side (so perpendicular to her) and about 3ft away.
Allow me to back up a bit.. when we first met Paul, it was talking about all the creeper guys that walk up and down the beach trying to stare at lady's asses and pussy, trying to find someone to stare at/jack off too, etc. Now, we know they are there, we don't care as long as they keep their distance and don't bother us. But, having seen us rubbing lotion on each other, some having seen her sit with her legs open for me, and others seeing her stroking me now and then.. many thought it was ok to get too damn close and stare.. some to the point that if she moved one way or the other, they would move, too. He would talk to us about how they make it bad at the beach... saying how many woman want to play and show off, but they are too creepy and ruin it. He would say that if they just picked a spot and sat there, smiled... maybe talked as they walked by on the way from their chair to the water, they would have better chance to meet the people and maybe get something to happen.
So, back to this day... he had been saying how he had seen several of the guys today, as had we... Lisa was complaining about them and said why they couldn't be more like him.. look, be nice, be friendly. And, she liked that he DID talk about how sexy and hot her body was.. and that he would ask to sit with us, ask if it was ok to sit closer or join us under the umbrella - and later on confessed that she had wanted him to touch her tits knowing how much he had stared at them and talked to her about them, and that she felt ok say OK to him when he asked politely!!! So, she was not only digging it, but wanting it.. and I think, maybe even starting to look forward to/hope he would be there when we went.
There we are, me on her left talking about her big nipples, him sitting on her right. He agrees with me as I reach over and tweak her left nipple... her smiling as he and I talk about her body like she isn't there... and then he leans over and not only agrees but asks her politely if he can touch them. She smiled to him as she had her finger on her lips (Oh God, don't you just love when a sexy lady - especially sexy naked lady does that!!) and say sure.... So he is now rubbing and squeezing her right breast... in broad daylight, on the beach. With others there!! I was loving it... and secretly hoping it would go farther... wondering where she would go with it!! God I was horny and drooling.
Paul told her how nice her natural tits are, and how he prefers them to fake.. and saying how he had been wanting to feel them since the first day he met us... She was also looking over at him smiling as he talked, enjoying that she was on the nude beach in the sun with two guys fondling her tits.. and hearing us both tell her how hot and sexy she is. As he was doing this, she was smiling and then looked down to see he was stroking his cock for her... he had started to grab it and stroke it more and more every time he sat with us... But, he is a grower (like me) and is uncut, so to her it was not what she preferred, but watching now, with him talking about her body as he fondled her and she was staring at his hand on his dick, I think she was getting drawn in to him and his flagrant openness and desire for her, and his desire to push her buttons.. I think she liked it, secretly knowing she would have a submissive side to her and happy he was seeing that and playing on it!! And I Loved it!!
Being so turned on, I kept the conversation going as I got up and stood in front of her to take a pic of her sitting there with another man fondling her tits and stroking his cock in mid afternoon on a public beach. Me totally lost in loving how I had my own personal slut.
In fact, as I knelt down in front of her, I told him that very thought. And he agreed... we sat there discussing how woman were not that open and easy and sexual when we were younger, and that to have a sexy gal now that loves sex, wants sex, and does slutty things is HOT. I told him how I loved other guys seeing her naked, and how I loved to watch other men fuck her and get sucked by her...and he was loving it saying how he loved a woman like that.. as he continued to slip closer to her chair, hand never leaving her tit, other hand never leaving his dick.
I told him how her being my slut was HOT and not a put down..that I wanted her to own her sexuality and do and be what she wanted. Men had always done it, and were admired for bagging woman and wanting sex, and how I thought it was super hot for her to do it too!
Then I decided to see if I could turn it up a notch and as I was on my knees in front of her in the sand, she still in her chair, him literally next to us both now..I told him how he should see her gorgeous meaty pussy lips. To which he said, as she blushed - but I think secretly loved hearing us talk about her this way - "Oh, I've seen glimpses of them here and there and they are so hot" He said he loved meaty lips and that she had amazing ones. I decided to push her buttons a bit and said, well you should see them when she is aroused like now, and looked her in the eyes and told her to spread her legs for us.
She nervously smiled and did so...We both looked on and stared and lovingly lusted after her sweet cunt lips. They are meaty with a nice hood on her clit! I was talking to him as I reached over and pulled on them.. telling him he should get a good look, and don't you love meaty cunt lips like hers....
He totally agreed...and was beside himself looking between her spread legs as I played with her lips. He was saying how beautiful they are, how hot and sexy she is...how lucky I am. I could tell he loved getting her to go beyond what he knew she had ever done... and how hot it made me, and her. I decided to push it a bit further as I grabbed my now erect cock and stroked it, causing her to notice and let out a bit of a moan. I told her to show her pussy to us...to spread it for us and show him, another stranger on the beach, to show her hot cunt. And, she did.. she slid a hand down and first pulled on her bush above her clit.. she is all natural above her clit, shaved below.. best of both worlds. Then she looked over at him as she slid her hand down further and pulled her lips out.. taking a quick breath as she looked at him as she did it. As if to say, look at me, look at what I am doing - doing for you, wanting you to see. Wanting me to see her doing it for him... for me to see her give in and give him what he wanted to see, what he had been talking to her about. To show him she could be one of the wild slutty girls he likes and had told us about. That she could be his beach slut. And, she was.....
I watched her play with her lips and told her to play with her pussy, to finger herself so he and I could watch. She moaned a bit when I said it, but didn't miss a beat... it was like she was waiting for someone to push her to go further, to give her permission to be the slut he wanted her to be, I wanted her to be, and the Slut I think she new she was/wanted to be.
Then I couldn't help myself and told him that he really should see her cum, how hot it is to watch and hear...as I said it I reached out and slipped a finger in her pussy.. she moaned out loud and leaned back in her chair more, causing her tits to jut out more... and giving me better access and causing her legs to open even wider. She was starting to get into her sex high, knowing she has an almost stranger rubbing a tit and stroking his cock while talking about how hot and sexy she is and how he wants to taste her, knowing I was watching it and helping to make it happen as her legs spread wider. Knowing if any one is looking, they can easily see he is groping a tit and masturbating, and I am stroking while fingering her pussy.
As I was watching her face start to contort, I saw her let her right hand drop off the arm rest next to his cock.. I looked at it, then at her.. smiled and saw the look of lust on her face. She liked this, she wanted to touch him, she wanted to be our slut that day, in broad daylight, on a public nude beach with others around us. I smiled and reach down and pushed her hand to his dick... she immediately turned to look at his cock and her hand stroking it!!! HOT..
Here was my sexy sassy mom-next-door girlfriend - never done anything remotely like this, here she was smiling and moaning as she finally got to stroke the dick she had seen him show her every time we saw him at the beach. The cock she had seen him aimlessly stroking whenever he sat with and talked to her about her body... she finally had it in her hand, and he was seeing her get fingered on the beach and knew she was going to orgasm, knew he was going to get to see her cum! I think she loved it, wanted it, needed it. Needed to be seen as a hot, sexy, slutty and desirable woman. To show him, me, herself and all those around us that she may be a Mom and 51, but that she could be slutty and fun and sexy, too.
It got her going real good, she was squirming from my fingering, and jerking his cock like no tomorrow. And moaning and licking her lips as she looked at me. I know the look I saw in her eyes.. it was pure lust. The kind that says don't you dare stop and at the same time pleading with you to make her cum, mixed with a bit of "OMG, can you believe what we are doing"?
Needless to say, I knew what she wanted. What she needed. I knew I wanted to see it, I knew he wanted to see it. I also knew, though she would probably never admit it to anyone, that she wanted him to see her cum. To give that intimate moment to him. To share that with him and let him see and know just how slutty she could be, would be for him. And, then she came! She grabbed my hand and squirmed in her chair and did her best not to draw attention to the fact that she had two men watching her get fingered, while stroking the other guys cock.. and CAME! But, her efforts were not that good, and I loved it. If I had had my way, and knew we would not draw the attention of the lifeguard or police, I would have had her scream and moan as loud as she wanted... just to see it happen, to hear it happen..to have all the others see it and know what we were doing and know that she was cumming... To enjoy looking around now and as we leave, seeing all of them look at her knowing what she did... oh fuck, that made me hot and so damn horny.
As she came down, Paul was talking to her the whole time, pinching her nipple and squeezing both tits with both hands, and even slipped a hand down to rub across her lips once.. and she didn't try to stop him!!! In fact, when he did touch her lips, she jerked and moaned.
That must have done it for him, because he instantly asked her if he could jack off on her tits!! Oh fuck, I luv this guy.. the bold ballsy guy!! I couldn't even breath waiting to see what she would say. I stopped mid stroke on my cock waiting.. she didn't even hesitate, she turned and looked at him with glossy eyes and that look of lust I know all too well... I knew that was exactly what she wanted, that she wanted to take care of him, wanted to see him cum. She LUVS cum.. and loves to be the reason a man cums.. in her mouth (she always swallows), on her face, on her tits, on her ass.. or deep in her.
In that instant I knew what she would say, I knew she would want to see him cum, to see his cum... to feel it. To reward him and let him mark her as his slut, too.
Lisa said: "Hell Yes" as she grabbed both tits and held them up.
I came on her legs and pussy lips as she said it, knowing she liked giving that to him, liked that I was there to see her be a slut for me, for him, for herself. As I shot my load on her pussy lips and legs, he stood up and took about 4 pulls and shot all over her tits. She was smiling and moaning and mewing the whole time!! She loves cum and loves having a man cum for her, on her or in her.
As we all came down from our high and realized what we had just done... we all laughed and then Paul and I started to tell her how HOT it was and describe what we liked and how we loved her being that slutty. I had fun on ride home asking her how she liked having him see her like that. How she liked and felt about being that Naughty on the Beach!! When we got home, we fucked like teenagers with a weekend with no parents!!
What a day.... And wait till I tell you what she did on the next trip to the nude beach.......