Currently, it is only 18 degrees outside, and the frigid air has my mind racing with thoughts of being more than just warm in the hot summer sun in my favorite fun fantasy of having sex on the beach. Although I have yet to make this sexy daydream come true, it seems to be getting just a little bit closer to becoming a fact. My main younger dream guy now has a name, and you will see a few other subtle changes in this recently updated story, if you simply read on...
Although I admit to an obsession of having a huge wardrobe of sexy clothes and lingerie, I've never been a slave to fashion. I wear what is equally comfortable and flattering to my fairly full, curvaceous figure, without worrying about whether or not it was on the front cover of last month's Vogue. Weighing in at about 150 -- with my short stature of only 5'3" -- I enjoy joking that half that weight is boobs, and half my height is legs! So my clothing collection consists of quite a few beachwear items which I consider to be appropriately body-suited to me. On this red-hot afternoon in early August, I picture myself donning an extremely low-cut, one-piece, jet black bathing thong on top, with any one of a number of my huge, brightly colored, silk cover-up scarves wrapped around my bottom.
Gary -- who happens to be my main younger man these days -- is lying on a blanket with me, as we bake on the crowded Jersey Shore beach near my home. We've been working up to quite a sweaty wet, since our kissing and caressing has gone from tame to wild in just a matter of a few short minutes. We unabashedly continue our heavy-duty make-out session, while relishing a little romp in the cool, clear, green Atlantic water. Hand-in-hand, we rise from the waves, walking leisurely past our blanket, toward the back of the beach where the boardwalk promenade runs.
We walk directly beneath the boardwalk, and in an instant, we have left the entire world behind us -- with all its noisy people and its brilliantly shining sun. It appears to be fairly dark down under there, in between the broad, tall, white pillars that support the wooden boards above us. We seem to be out of sight of the other beach goers, as I lean my back against one of the cool cement poles.
Gary is kissing me hard on my mouth, and in his soft, hungry lips I can taste his tender passion telling me in nearly silent slurps, exactly what it is that he wants and desires from me now... Firmly, he leans his body directly against mine. We mesh perfectly at every point -- hip-to-hip, groin-against- groin, skin-to-skin, knees knocking. I feel his huge, hard package pressing into my pubic bone like a wooden prod. His fingers softly slip between my thighs and around the silky edge of my body thong, pulling it off to one side. My mound is dripping with dewy moistness, as he parts my swollen, throbbing pussy lips.
The rough surface of the cement pillar scratches my backside, as he pushes me harder into it, with the wholeness of his body. My feet rise from the sand, as I slide them up the sides of his calves, then thighs -- wrapping my long lean limbs around his waist like a pretzel and locking them into his lower back. Struggling ever-so-slightly, I reach inside his silky trunks to stroke his rock hard cock. I take one final, firm tug and it pops outside of his shorts like a jack-in-the-box!
Much like a magnet is drawn to steel, his cumpole makes its way to my slippery wet snatch, my slot sucking him inside me like a vacuum hose. He is fucking me firmly, passionately, almost desperately -- so hard and so fast that by the time he has taken only his fifth or sixth thrust -- his creamy, monster cumload is exploding deep inside of my dark damp cave. And simultaneously along with his, my orgasm cums on strong -- rocking what feels to be the very base of my soul!
Not a moment too soon and I can feel Gary going limp inside me, as our tense, tight bodies relax with a heave. Our legs quiver like rubber, as we come back down to earth, and we both blush a little bit as we adjust our bathing suits. Wrapping his elbow around shoulders and my arm around his waist, we stroll from our shelter, back across the sunny sandy beach, till we get to our blanket.
Just as we are about to relax and sit down, we realize that all the people on the beach -- whom we thought we were invisible to when we were having sex under the boardwalk -- are all staring at us! Oh my god, they were watching Gary fuck me! But we are comforted considerably, as the entire crowd breaks out in a huge burst of applause for the show we just put on! Grinning broadly, my lover, Gary, takes a bow, as I produce a cute little curtsy! And we casually stretch back out on our blanket, as if nothing unusual had ever occurred!
No one is aware at that very moment -- not even Gary laying next to me -- of my secret ecstasy as the hot sun beams down upon me. I squirm a bit, stifle a moan, and smile to myself. Ah, what a sweet sensation it is to feel his creamy hot cum trickling ever-so-slowly all the way down my pussy mound into the crack of my ass!