Forward:
This series has bounced around between perspectives several times. For this chapter, I'm taking it back to 1st Person from Tom's point of view.
🪟 🪟
"Wow, the room is bigger than I expected!"
Even after the long drive, Jenna's enthusiasm was contagious. And I was happy for it. It had been too long since we'd had much time to ourselves.
Since Jenna returned to college, the past several weeks had been chaotic. Classes all day, along with an internship at a local graphic design company part time after class and some weekends, had left us with next to no time to see each other, let alone be intimate.
Although I had to credit her for trying; the late night sexy selfie texts, a quick mutual masturbation session here and there on Skype, plenty of good old fashioned phone conversations, etc.
It was her idea for a getaway weekend. I'd suggested just staying at my place, but she wanted to truly get away from everything for a few days.
And so we'd booked a hotel at a nice little place a few hours away by car. Our only real plans besides staining the bedsheets was a visit to a nearby garden site. "I've been cooped up in classrooms and offices," Jenna had lamented. "I just wanna spend a little time surrounded by nature. Maybe do some sketches just for fun for a change."
The hotel was more high class than I'd expected; upscale but not pretentious. The room was indeed large, with a comfortable looking king sized bed and large windows on the far wall overlooking the well tended garden in the courtyard area.
Jenna threw the curtains wide, allowing the last of the slowly fading sunlight to fill the room. Her auburn hair shone in the fading rays.
She stood, gazing out at the view. I moved in behind, wrapping my arms around her.
Jenna sighed contentedly. "This is lovely. So needed this." Turning slightly, she craned her neck up for a kiss. "And you."
I happily dropped my head to help close the distance. She moaned softly as our lips met.
God, how I'd missed her body against mine. I could already feel myself stirring, and as she ground her pert bottom against me, it was obvious Jenna felt it too.
"Easy, cowboy," she giggled. "It was a long drive. And I'm smelly. Need a shower first."
My arms refused to let her pull away, not that she put up much of a fight. "Maybe I like you smelly," I said, soft and deep in her ear. The scent of feminine sweat and jasmine perfume flooded my nostrils. "Maybe I just wanna take you right here and bathe you with my tongue."
"Mmmm, tempting," Jenna purred. "You're a little smelly yourself."
Now I did pull back. "Am I? Sorry, darlin'. I suppose I could use some freshening up."
Jenna turned to face me and pulled me back into her. "Relax. I didn't say you smelled bad, now did I? After all our time together, I think your scent fetish is finally starting to rub off on me."
Stretching up on her toes, she again brought her lips to mine. My hands found the small of her back, and the soft, bare skin exposed by her already short tank top as she extended her arms around my neck.
As our passion built, our hands got busier. Mine moved to the front, finding her breasts, braless beneath her shirt, nipples hard and swollen. Hers worked frantically at the buckle of my belt.
"Perhaps you better close the curtains," I managed between kisses.
"What? Oh, right." Jenna turned back to the window. She started to pull them shut, then paused. "Oh wow," she gasped. "Look! Over there!"
Moving closer, I turned my gaze to where she was pointing. On the other side of the courtyard, not that far away, a light had come on in the room opposite ours.
A beautiful, dark skinned woman stood at it, wearing only a lace burgundy bra and a smile.
She stood there for several long moments, looking out over the courtyard. Her eyes went wide and I realized she'd spotted us.
I was about to suggest we turn away and give the woman her privacy when she deliberately waved at us, her smile now wide and mischievous.
Jenna and I stood silent, me embracing her from behind, as the woman slowly turned and moved towards her bed. She paused there a moment before again turning back, as if to make sure we were still there. With another quick wave, she moved up on the bed.
"I think she wants us to watch," Jenna whispered, although I highly doubted the woman could hear us.
It was difficult to see everything through the window, although her leaving the lights on in her room certainly helped. What we could see was enough. Moving over the bed, she gave us a lovely view of her ample bottom, clad in panties that matched her bra.
As she struggled to situate herself, it dawned on me. "I think there's someone on the bed with her."
Jenna nodded silently in agreement. Her body trembled in my arms, signaling her nervous excitement. "Are you sure this is okay, though?" she finally asked.
Before I could respond, our neighbor again turned to the window, her eyes firmly on us, and gave another quick wave before turning her attention back to the unseen partner beneath her.
"Guess that answers my question," Jenna giggled. With that she eased herself back into me and together we watched the show.
The woman was now swaying, her slow, deliberate movements indicating her grinding over her partner. Her hands caressed her ample breasts over the lace bra, stroking at her nipples. I could only imagine how hard they must be. Certainly as hard as Jenna's now were beneath my own busy fingers.
Jenna pushed her bottom back against me. Her hand reached around and deftly finished undoing my jeans. I gasped as her fingers wrapped around my now freed shaft.
Across the way, our new friend was increasing her pace, her breasts bouncing freely as she rocked. With another quick glance our way, she reached around and unclasped her bra.
We had a quick glimpse of her surprisingly small dark nipples before she resumed her earlier position over her partner.
Her body jerked with a steady rhythm, head tossing side to side, her long dark locks flowing with her movements.
"I think she's rubbing herself," Jenna said softly. Jenna's hand was now working at her shorts, quickly sliding them down just enough to expose her ass. I took quick advantage of this, pressing my throbbing cock between her cheeks and slowly ground against her. I could smell her arousal as her fingers dipped into her panties. "Fuck, I'm so wet," she hissed.
Across the courtyard, our beautiful performer continued her show, her topless body in continuous motion over her partner.
Her lips moved often, her voice traveling softly across the courtyard, but we couldn't make out specific words. Occasionally we heard her partner's voice as well. There was a desperate urgency to it that I fully understood, given the obvious teasing the olive skinned beauty was putting him through.
Suddenly her body lurched backward, and for a moment I feared she might fall off the bed. Then she recovered and, as she did, she turned towards the window and held up an item I recognized immediately as her panties.
She brought them to her nose for a moment, inhaled, then suddenly threw them. I envied her lucky partner, as I was pretty sure she'd tossed them on his face.
Jenna echoed my thoughts. "Guess you're not the only one with a panty fetish, huh? I bet she smells lovely. I'm sure she's as soaked as I am."
As if on cue, the woman across the way lifted her fingers to her mouth, sucking on them. It was obvious she was tasting her juices.
Her hand dipped low, came up again, but this time she thrust forward, offering a taste to her unseen partner.
I could almost smell her, taste her. And then Jenna's fingers found my mouth, coated in her luscious creamy goodness. I accepted her offer gratefully. "I missed your taste, princess," I intoned in her ear after licking her fingers clean. "I can't wait to feast on you more thoroughly."
"Oh, fuck, me either," Jenna moaned. Her hand was already back inside her panties. "These are so wet, I'm so fucking wet for you, I don't think I can wait..."
Pushing me back, Jenna quickly shucked her shorts and panties. Bracing her arms on the windowsill, she looked back, her emerald eyes imploring me urgently.
I understood her unspoken need. Moving in, I positioned myself. She was indeed soaked, and I slipped into her warmth easily.
"Slowly," Jenna moaned. "Go slow. For now. Go with her rhythm."
For a moment I was confused, then I remembered our new friend across the way. She now appeared to be masturbating. The faint hum of a vibrator echoing from her room confirmed this, as did her increasing moans of pleasure.
This went on for several minutes, and it was all I could do to contain myself from simply fucking Jenna hard, but I held back. Jenna was enjoying the show, the slow tease of it all. So was I, being honest. And I knew it was only a matter of time before Jenna would be begging me to pound her silly.
My thoughts were interrupted by a loud cry. Across the way, our not so shy neighbor was now bouncing madly on her bed.
"She's fucking him," Jenna gasped. "Oh God, look, Tommy. She's fucking him now! Riding his cock! Look at her face. She's so... so beautiful. Oh, fuck, that's hot!"
Jenna's hips moved, I moved with them. Together we built our rhythm, matching the couple now fucking urgently across from us.
The woman's cries rang out loudly, followed quickly by her man's. Then, silence, as the woman fell toward, out of our view.
"I... I think they... finished," I panted. "I'm... getting there myself, darlin', unless you..."
"Wait!" Jenna hissed sharply. "Hold on, just a little longer. I think they're... yes, they're not done yet, look!"
Jenna was right. Our neighbors had switched positions on the bed. While we still couldn't see the man's face, cut off as it was by the top of the window frame, the woman was still quite visible, now on her hands and knees, sideways, giving the first true, full look at her voluptuous body. Her partner took his position behind her.
I wondered how much she could see. Unlike her well lit room, we had yet to turn on any lights, and as the evening twilight had faded to the dark of night, it was more likely that all she could see at this point were our silhouettes.
Yet it was obvious she knew we were still watching, as she was looking right at us.
It didn't take them long to renew their rutting, not holding back at all, their noises now so loud that at one point someone apparently pounded on their room's wall in complaint. "Sorry!" The woman's voice rang out clearly this time, more amused than embarrassed. That said, when they renewed their efforts it was at a slower, and quieter pace.
Jenna was struggling to control her own noises. I'd stopped fucking her at her demand, but my cock remained planted deep inside her. Her fingers danced over her clit madly and I could feel her vaginal muscles contracting.
"Ohfuckohfuckohfuckohfuck...!"
Jenna came hard, biting her lip so forcefully I feared she may draw blood. I held her tightly as she fought to control her breathing. After several moments I felt her relax, her body warm and flushed beneath my arms as I snuggled her.
"God, I missed that," she sighed.
"Me too, darlin'. Me too."
Across the way, it appeared our exhibitionist couple were finishing up their show; the woman now sprawled along the bed, sucking her man's cock as he in turn fingered her.
To my surprise, Jenna drew the curtains. "That was fun. But I think I'm done watching. I just wanna focus on you."
Turning, she slipped off her last article of clothing, her top, leaving her now naked in the dark of our room. Her hand gripped my still throbbing organ. "And on this."
Pulling me by my cock, Jenna led me to the bed. "Lay down. I wanna ride you."
I obeyed while Jenna walked to the side of the bed, flicking on one of the smaller wall mounted lamps before climbing on top of me.
Oh God, the warmth of her as she slid herself down my shaft. The scent of her perfume, sweat and sex was a heady mix that made my head swim and heart race.
The sound of her voice, soft, sweet, so full of pure lust and love as she panted and moaned, was a beautiful symphony to my ears.
But it was those eyes, so filled with love and happiness, and the smile that lit up her beautiful, freckled face, that truly captured my heart. I couldn't tear my eyes from her as she rode me, our bodies, minds and hearts as one.
Her shadow danced with her as we made love, flickering and fluttering across the closed curtains of the window.
Jenna noticed it too. "Do you think they can see us? My shadow?"
"Maybe," I shrugged. "Probably. Why? Does that bother you? We can always turn the light back off."
Jenna offered me that wicked grin I had come to know and adore. "Doesn't bother me at all. Why do you think I turned the light on in the first place? "
"Ah, so you're a tease. Closed the curtains but turned on the lights."
Jenna laughed. "Maybe. Or maybe I'm just not quite ready to be as... open to being watched, as our neighbors were."
Leaning into me, her pert breasts pressed to my chest as she purred in my ear, "But maybe we can make something like that happen soon."
"Oh, really? What'd you have in mind?"
"We'll talk about it later. Right now, just finish making love to me, Tommy."
And so we did.
Afterwards, we lay together, content.
Jenna broke the silence. "I'm sorry."
I was of course confused. "Sorry for what?"
Jenna sighed. "Sorry I haven't been around much. Been able to be with you. To be there for you. I feel so bad, like I abandoned you, left you alone."
I hugged her tighter. "Please don't. Don't you dare feel bad. We knew this would be tough on both of us when school started again. I knew how busy your schedule would be. And I knew that would cut into our time together.
"But I don't want you feeling guilty, Jenna. If anything, the gaps in between just make the time we do find to spend together that much more special, more precious. And I love and cherish every moment we have. Especially now that they're few."
Jenna still looked sad. "I cherish our time too. But I at least still have my friends, my roommates and classmates. I just think of you sometimes, alone in that apartment, and I feel sad that I can't be there."
I wiped away an errant teardrop. "Hey now, stop that. I appreciate your feelings, but I promise you, I'm okay. I was alone before I met you. But I'm not alone anymore. I have you. Even when you can't be with me in person. We talk almost every night. We text so much I finally understand what most of the emoji's mean..." This produced a hoped for laugh from Jenna.
"But you're also in my mind, Jenna," I continued, "and in my heart. I think about you every day, every night before bed, first thing when I wake up. So I never FEEL alone anymore. And I can't thank you enough for that.
I took her hand in mine. "Thank you, Jenna. Thank you for loving me."
Jenna shed another tear, this time a happy one. "You never have to thank me for that, my love. Not ever. But I'm glad to hear you're okay."
"More than okay, darlin'," I chuckled. "I'm... happier than I've ever been."
"Me too." Jenna leaned up to kiss me. It lingered for quite some time.
We made love again, quietly, sweetly, and when it was done we again collapsed together in a disheveled heap.
Jenna's final words before drifting off to sleep were barely audible.
"Love you, Tommy."
"Love you too, Jenna. Sweet dreams."
End
AUTHOR'S AFTERWARDS
So, it's been awhile, I know.
First, I need to acknowledge and thank fellow authorStillStunnedfor the inspiration for this chapter.
I truly enjoyed his story,Flesh For Fantasy.
But it was while reading the second part,Another Flesh For Fantasy,that I found my inspiration.
In his story, a couple are having sex while knowingly being watched through their hotel window by another couple across the way.
And I couldn't help but wonder, what if that other couple watching were Tom and Jenna?
And this story was born. I tried to mirror the events he describes in his tale as closely as possible.
Obviously if you're reading this, you're a fan of E/V stories. Do yourself a favor and go read his at the links above. I promise you won't be disappointed.
I have two more ideas I want to write to conclude this series. I think 30 chapters will be enough.
I'm hoping to write them sooner than later. But I've said that before, haven't I?
As always, I truly appreciate your readership. It means a lot to me.
Comments and feedback are welcomed below of course.