This is the seventh episode in my story series, Years Before.
In the last part, Eva showed her willingness to take sex out of the bedroom and Cass's irritating boyfriend's behaviour pushed her towards sex with me.
In this part, Eva and I share a weekend together alone and discover even more about ourselves and each other physically. The passions bring emotions to the surface that are impossible to deny.
Thank you for reading.
******
Eva and I arranged to meet up two weeks after the Easter debacle. In fact, it turned into me going over to Eva's and being able to stay the night.
However, other things happened beforehand.
There was no doubt the events of Easter Saturday were running through my mind and everything seemed complicated. I was in a sexual relationship with Eva that was developing. Despite this, I had sex with Cass and Eva was untroubled by it. In fact, the voyeur in her lapped up the details of it.
Even though I knew that would be the case, I felt a little disconcerted by it, even though, as 3 friends, we'd been deeply intimate before Easter happened - twice. I was beginning to feel though, that, if things developed further with Eva, the sex "arrangement" was going to turn into some deeper feelings between us.
About a week after Easter, Cass called me, and Eva separately, to come over. She had news.
"I wanted to let you both know I'm going away."
"When? Where?" Eva began her questioning and, knowing how she was on this, I listened for a while.
"A week on Saturday, Mayday weekend and I'm going to Sorrento..."
"Very nice." Eva said, glancing at me.
"...with my Mum."
"What? Sorry...with your Mum?" Eva was flabbergasted and, frankly, I was a bit confused too given Cass's previous view of their relationship.
"Yes. Mum happened to catch me the day after Easter and the sex and everything and I poured out how rubbish it had been with David...although not the bits afterwards."
We all exchanged glances, Words weren't needed. We all knew what happened.
"Look, Sorrento is nice, she's paying for me to go. It's two weeks and maybe I need some honest talking from her. I know you two think I should call it quits with him. I just need to be away a while."
Even though the holiday was with her Mum, and the history that went with that, it was impossible to disagree that she needed to get away.
"Cass, you do what you need to. We love you and want the best for you -- to be happy." I was trying to be encouraging. "We'll be here when you come back and we'll take it from there."
We chatted some more. Eva and I got ready to leave, kissing Cass on the way out.
Cass said as we were out the door. "Look, I'm going to lay low until I go. You know I love to be with you but, just for now, I think it's best for me." We reassured her and left.
Before we went our separate ways, as we both had things on, I had a quick chat with Eva about Easter.
"Eva, about me and Cass and the sex."
"Yes, Andy. You know it was OK with me."
"I know it was, Eva, but there have been times since that I felt like it was cheating on you...us."
"OK. I wondered if you might have felt that." She took my hand. "Andy?"
"Yes."
"I don't want to scare you, but knowing you had sex with Cass made me feel a little like...I wanted you...just for me. I know what we said about the "thing" and everything but this is make me feel more things than it being just sex between us. The whole night was a bit of a mess in the end, wasn't it?"
"No doubt about that. Look, I don't want to let what happened then occur again. I think I may be feeling the same things you are about our "thing"."
"That's certainly fine by me, Andy. I think I want you for me."
One conversation then redrew the lines and, it seemed, set us up for something a lot deeper than a bit of fun.
-
There was a sense of anticipation on both our parts when I went to Eva's that Saturday. We'd not managed to see each other since that day at Cass's. However, the conversation afterwards was so important in the context of what was going on.
In fact, it changed everything.
So, as Cass was probably at the airport waiting to fly, on a sunny, warm day, I rang Eva's doorbell. A cheery Eva opened the door. "Hi Andy, Come on in." Eva looked lovely. Her clear skinned face had no make-up and her hair was loose, frizzy and bouncing around as she walked. She closed her front door, flung her arms around me and gave me a big kiss.
"Eva, I've been looking forward to seeing you."
"Oh, I know, I've been waiting for today to come."
"You look absolutely beautiful."
"Thank you, baby."
Eva had a pretty, light yellow summer dress on with an occasional small flower as a pattern, knee length, long billowy sleeves but, I noticed quite quickly, buttons down the front that were open and played to that thing she knew I liked about the hint of bare skin. She was barefoot, with that cute cord anklet in place.
"Come with me. I've set up a little something."
She slowly led me by the hand around the living room to the kitchen and into the garden. She gave off the air of a completely carefree, happy, relaxed woman.
I walked out the back door with her. It was clear she had designs on enjoying the sun. Alongside the patio, on the lawn, were two blankets laid out, with some sun oil and another small bottle on the patio edge. Two small towels and two glasses of water were next to those.
"I thought we might spend the afternoon out here, Andy. Enjoy the sun...and each other."
Eva had a coy smile on her face as she said this, as well as making sure her hand lazily ran all the way down the skin showing between the unbuttoned part of her dress.
"We won't be seen. Remember the window." she whispered in my ear, glancing up towards the only window we could see from where we were. Being a bathroom window, they wouldn't see much. Even next door could only see the very back part of the garden due to the design of the houses. As long as we didn't stray there, we would be undisturbed in any way.
Eva sat down on one of the blankets and motioned me to join her. Knowing we would have the rest of the day, and the night, to ourselves meant there was no urgency. We could take our time.
"I love your dress, Eva."
"I'm glad you like it." She said slightly sheepishly, reaching for her glasses to touch them a little, in that way that displays when she's unsure. "I actually bought it for today." She got up and twirled around before kneeling back down facing me. It sat just right on her hips.
She leaned forward slowly, making sure I noticed that the front opened up to reveal her lovely bare breasts beneath.
"When I tried it on, and realised it was like this at the front, it made me feel sexy and daring. I know you like to see a little of my body, what lies beneath, you know."
She drew her hand down from her neck along the bare skin between her breasts to where the buttons ended.
"Eva, it's beautiful on you. I would be proud to go out with you in it."
"Yes, but not today, Andy."
Just talking about this was making me feel aroused. Eva was sensing this and carried on. Her hand was partly inside the open part of her dress. It was fairly obvious where her hand was resting.
"You're watching me, aren't you. Are you waiting for me to do this?"
She pushed her hand further into the unbuttoned gap again, the dress moving with her to expose her left breast, showing her nipple a little. I wanted to kiss her there and then but she wasn't finished. Eva was not messing about -- she was in the mood to seduce.
"Andy, the material is very soft. You can feel it if you like."
I reached out to touch the hem of her skirt.
"It moves very easily across my body"
She leaned back on her arms, which opened up her unbuttoned front more, and lifted one knee so the hem I had touched slipped down her thigh all the way back towards her hip. The hem sat just so that, behind it, I could see a glimpse of pubic hair. The dress was all she had on.
I was seeing yet another side of her. Apart from the "bohemian" woman that she was most of the time, and the erotically charged, sexy woman from the nighttime sex at the Lake Park, now here's was a playful Eva, wanting to tease me with what she wasn't wearing under a very charming and beautiful dress. She was so gentle about it. A very knowing, self-aware woman. I was so glad to be the man experiencing this.
"Water?"
Eva reached over for one of the full glasses by the blanket. The knowledge that her naked form lay beneath was making me feel quite turned on. Eva got back on her knees, again allowing her dress to fall open exposing her chest, allowing me to glimpse her areola, her nipples. I sipped on my water absent-mindedly, my thoughts consumed by her.
I wanted to see more of her body.
"Eva. If we're in the sun, should we put some sun lotion on...so we don't burn our skin."
It was fun to play this slightly suggestive game -- verbal foreplay, if you like.
"Yes, Andy. Would you like to do me first? One little thing..." she moved close and whispered, "be careful around my fanny. Outside is fine but inside makes me a little sore and you might not find it tastes very nice."
Eva held my stare.
"I will remember that." My penis was about to burst out of my jeans. Eva was beginning to blow my mind a bit already. I decided to add to the direction of the conversation.
"So, Eva, if it makes you a little sore, you should probably avoid rubbing any into my cock."
Eva's eyes widened so I spoke very slowly. "I wouldn't want to make your fanny sore when I'm deep inside you, but...."
I put my hands either side of her face and kissed her, "I would like to explore your gorgeous, naked body first...with the sun oil."
We were playing the same game, both enjoying it, and we had all day.
"Let me sun you up, Eva." She got the sun oil and gave it to me. "Sit with your back to me, my lady."
"I like it when you call me that." Eva moved into position sat back on her knees. I removed my shirt so I could feel the sun on me too.
"Just relax and we'll take it slowly."
I reached for the collar of her dress and slid it over her shoulders. As it was unbuttoned, it was easy to slowly slide it down her body until it sat on her hips. I admired her bare back as I got the oil. Eva gently murmured to herself as the sun warmed her.
I squeezed some oil into my hand and started to apply it. Sliding my hands over her shoulders and down her back was a great way to begin our day. The sunlight made the oil glisten on her skin as I massaged it in. I was careful not to get any on her lovely new dress.
More oil. I rubbed it into her arms, gently massaging it in. I raised them above her head so I could run my hands from her hands all the way down to near her waist, teasing her by sliding close to the edge of her breasts on the way down. I could feel Eva move her body in response.
One more squeeze. I placed my hands near her waist on either side and pushed them forward and up, slowly sliding over her stomach and onto her bare breasts, Eva leaned back on to me. It was a glorious sight, her relaxed, pure body, the oil reflecting some light, Eva responding to my touch as I rubbed all the oil into her. I finished and Eva continued to lie on me, soaking up the sun.
"You're so gentle with me, baby. I love you touching me."
Eva reached for my hands and placed them on her breasts, her hands on top of mine. I kissed her head through her hair. This was a serene, erotic experience.
"Eva, can I oil the rest of you?"
"Yes please."
Eva stood up and slipped her dress over her hips, revealing her wonderful nudity.
"Would you like to be naked too, Andy. It's OK, no-one can see."
I looked at her and stood up. She slowly released my belt, I undid the button and Eva released the zip on my jeans. Pushing them away. she got hold of the waistband of my pants so, with one slow movement, I was naked before her. I felt the warmth and the slight breeze in the air over my erect cock, around my balls. It aroused me. It was wonderful to be free of my clothes, to be with Eva.
Eva knelt down and ran her hands up towards my chest and kissed me around the hips and navel, my penis touching her skin as she did so. Eva took a moment to look at my erection and touch it, very lightly.
"I knew you'd be pleased being naked with me out here."
She gave my penis a slightly enveloping kiss on the tip, opening her mouth so it felt as if she was taking me in. She moved away and laid face down so I could continue massaging oil into her. My cock and balls demanded as I knelt down, forcing me to adjust a little, so hard was I from the sheer arousal of what was going on.
I took a moment to let her get comfortable. I worked on Eva's legs, rubbing oil up from her ankles, past that cute cord anklet. I was firm with my hands and worked the oil in. I sat on her legs, my bum resting partly on her calf muscles so I could carry on while my balls and penis rested between her legs.
"Oh, I love feeling your skin on mine, baby."
Yet more oil, rubbed into the top of her thighs and her bum. I gently teased her by running my oiled finger along the crease between her cheeks and down towards the triangle formed where her bum and the inside of her thighs met.
As I moved closer, I lifted myself up and she raised her hips slightly, as if to meet my finger, but I slid it back up to the base of her spine. I finished by making sure her lower back was covered and got off her legs.
"You can turn over when you like, Eva"
She laid on her front for a little while.
"I love the sun on my back. It's not so often I can get some sun on it with it oiled." Eva nude sunbathing in her garden obviously limited before by not being able to reach parts of her back.
I took the time to lay beside her, tracing the line of her spine all the way from her neck, across her bum to the top of her thighs with my hand.
Eventually, Eva turned over and I finished off making sure all her skin was ready for the sun. Her skin was so pure. I oiled her thighs and midriff, massaging around her waist and hips. Eva was moving gently with my touch. I decided to finish by making sure the top of her thighs were oiled at the front. I knew what I wanted to do with Eva.
My hands were oily enough that I rubbed what was left into the mound of her pubic hair but only above her labia. I didn't want to run the risk of spoiling our day by making her genitals sore so was gentle.
Once I finished, I poured some of the water in my glass over my hands and reached for one of the little towels to wipe them, to be absolutely sure I wouldn't make her sore.
It was a magical moment. Eva's naked body reflecting the sunlight, her bush slightly shiny from the oil. My own nakedness was a turn-on for me. I felt free in a way I'd not experienced before.
I gently raised her left leg, my mouth meeting her cord anklet and I kissed slowly down from there, getting slower and slower until I was at her labia. I could smell the oil on her. Eva's breathing was getting deeper. I moved to her other leg and did the same until, again, I was at her bush. My head was between her legs, I was no more than a tongue's length from her vulva.
The sun was warming and arousing. I was already aware my glans was letting drips out. It wasn't a surprise. The anticipation and the natural progression of things since I'd arrived at Eva's, why would I not be absolutely rock hard.
My mind was concentrated on one thing. My tongue travelled along the line between her lips, teasing those labia tips that stood proud, tantalising me. Eva started to sigh along with some increased breathing.
"Let me lift your legs, Eva."
I could feel her body shift to help and her knees were over my shoulders, her thighs against them. I moved in, she opened her legs more and I could not resist any longer. My tongue broke through her labia and touched the entrance to her vagina. With the sun oil and the touching, Eva was full of moisture.
It was easy to explore all of her. Eva gasped and held her breath. I rolled my tongue around her vagina, pausing to push myself in a little, causing Eva to gasp, before slowly moving up to her clitoris.
"I'm...so...close...baby. Mmmmm."
I pressed my tongue against her clitoris, slowly building up a circular motion around it. Eva's hips moved slightly in unison with me. Our rhythm together built and built until Eva let out a cry which she immediately muffled by putting her forearm over her mouth. Her hips pushed down on me as she came.
I wondered if there was more.
Eva eased down from her peak so I went again, this time constantly licking between her vagina and clitoris.
"Oh, you gorgeous fucking...more, yes, more, yes, yes, yes. Aaaaaahhhhh."
Eva came again, reached for my head and pressed her hips into me. I could feel her shudder and then felt her pulling my head up, up, up. My body, my erection rubbing against her oiled skin until her lips met mine
"Oh, you...you, oh god, you made come big, twice...mmm."
Her tongue explored my mouth. I could feel my hard penis picking up some of the gorgeous moistness her vagina was producing as it pressed against her labia as we were kissing. I moved to the side to let her recover. Although I so wanted us to have sex, there seemed more to come yet.
"Oh, Andy. That's the second time you've made me come twice. I'm never letting you go. What did you do?"
"Well, you were wet for me before I first licked you, so when you came, with the heat and us here, I thought you might have had more so I tried again." I smiled at her.
"I'm so glad you did...so good...I adored it."
We lay together for a while. Again, I just enjoyed myself touching her body. Eva was a beautiful woman and it felt perfect to be with her.
"Andy, would you like me to put some oil on you."
"Yes please, however you like."
"Sit up for me, Andy."
I knelt up and sat back on my calves as Eva knelt behind me, working the oil into my skin, making sure she covered every spot, her hands reaching round to my chest so most of my top half was covered within a few minutes.
Then, she put a little more oil on her hands and worked down to my bum. As her hands slid down, I ground myself down a bit, knowing it would open my bum cheeks a little. In my head, I realised I wanted her hands to go down. Eva massaged my bum and down underneath, rubbing oil into my perineum and my balls, making me gasp slightly with the tickling sensation in that area between my balls and anus. Her hands went up and down and I felt my erection rise as she did this.
"You can stand up for me now and face me, Andy."
Eva placed more oil on her hands and worked up my legs, covering them and massaging the oil in. She worked up, up until I was almost completely oiled, even some of my pubic hair was glistening in the sunlight.
Eva stopped, leaned back on her knees, and stared at me and then my penis, which she was facing.
"Listen, baby. If you want to come, don't hold back for me. I would love for you to feel what you've done for me. I'll move if I need to, or want to."
Eva's right hand came up under my balls and one finger slipped between my legs. She started to rub my perineum again but started to push back a bit towards my anus. Not touching it but just enough to make my penis twitch.
"Oooh." Eva giggled "That made you bounce a little."
"Mmm, yes. I think I like you touching that little bit behind my balls there."
"What, here?" My cock twitched and throbbed again as her finger pushed in, her fingertip just short of touching my ring.
"Oh yes. You're wet, too, Andy."
Eva kissed my glans, licking the drops coming from it and then, quite forcefully and taking me by surprise, slid me into her mouth. She had confidence in what she was doing, working me in and out of her mouth, occasionally alternating with taking me out to lick down to the base and back up, taking me in again and licking, sucking, almost drawing fluid out of my penis.
I could feel myself pulsing in her mouth. I knew my glans was letting drop after drop out now, lots of them. Her warmth enclosed me, Eva sped up a little, pushing me in and out. She let out for a second.
"Don't be afraid, baby, let it go." She took me in again and pushed her head as far on to me as she could.
My head was spinning, I submitted myself to her. I was ready for her to release me from her mouth, I held my breath and I could feel that animalistic urge start to rise, my penis felt hot with it. I realised Eva's lips had gripped tighter around me and her hands were on my bum, holding me there.
That was it. A hot jet of come rushed up my penis and out. I was panting, trying hard to remain standing and not make any involuntary movements, the adrenaline making me feel a bit out of control. Eva opened her mouth after a second or two to make sure all I had landed on her tongue, working me with her hand, released from my bum, to make sure I was done.
"Eva, oh, that was unbelievable, I never expected you to do that."
I was still trying to catch my breath, my mind racing at how she handled and sucked me, worked me up and, to finish it all, coming in her mouth. She wiped her mouth with the towel I had used before.
"Well, sexy man, no-one has ever made me come twice like you did. That was beautiful. I wanted to return the favour...and I think I quite enjoy having you come in my mouth."
I paused for a moment, to let my breath settle a little more.
"Should I ask what that was like?"
"You were so hard and big. But, I felt your cock pulse and, just before you came, your tip got bigger so I knew you were close. I just decided not to let go."
"How did it feel?" Suddenly I was in Eva's usual role as inquisitor.
"Very warm and wet. The first jet was strong but after that, it kind of flooded my mouth, which was when I let you out."
"It felt gorgeous, Eva. It's never been quite like that before."
"Well, do you want to know a secret?"
"Go on?"
"I had a chat with Cass about it and also read a book. I've been working on it."
"It felt like you did, my lady. You really had me completely."
After our mutual pleasuring of each other, we laid with each other in the sun, just quietly. I went to kiss her.
"Andy, I might taste of you. Are you sure?"
"And, my lady, I probably taste of you. It's part of the pleasure, isn't it."
With that, Eva moved to me and we kissed passionately but remaining laying on the ground facing each other. After that, it was time to relax.
We'd been laying around for a little while, absorbing the sun's rays and revelling in our post-orgasm feelings when Eva had something she wanted to ask me.
"Andy, I wondered if you would like to try something new with me?"
"What were you thinking about, Eva?"
"Well, do you remember when Ruthie told us about the anal sex she had with that guy?"
"I do. You seemed very interested."
"Well, I was playing with myself the other day and happened to brush a fingertip over my anus and it gave me a little flutter. It was very...sensitive."
"Did you like it?"
"I think I did, Andy. I wondered if you would help me find out a little more about how it feels."
"How do you think we might best do that?"
"I have a little bottle of coconut oil over there that would help with it." Eva was clearly a little hesitant about it "You know, lubrication."
"Coconut oil. Why that?"
"So...one of my friends at work is a bit kinky with sex and we've talked a bit about it before. I asked her about the bum and she suggested this. Got it at a health food shop near where I work."
"Wow, OK. Perhaps I could play with you a little and you can see if you like what I do? We can talk while we're doing it and see where it takes us."
Eva was happy and I was a little intrigued, remembering the feeling when Eva nearly touched mine earlier. It was naughty but stimulating too.
We tried a few positions to get it right. I wanted to be able to see Eva's face, knowing she wasn't sure about things happening behind her, so we could communicate but also had to find a comfortable position. Of course, we are still outside as well, the sun still quite strong in the sky. An aphrodisiac at any time, especially when you're naked and getting sexy with someone!
We settled on a position where Eva was on her back with her legs back and her feet against my chest. This pushed her bum cheeks apart a bit and also gave me a glorious view of Eva beneath me. I got the bottle of oil and poured some into the cap. Little and often was the way to go first.
"Are you ready, Eva?"
"Yes, baby."
"I'm going to play with your gorgeous lips first to introduce a little natural moisture."
I placed two unoiled fingers on Eva's exposed labia tips and moved then around in a circular motion. I knew this would automatically get Eva worked up a little in a good way. Pushing through just a little revealed her vagina inside and some of her juices. I spoke slowly so Eva would hear me clearly. I didn't want her to be surprised, just aroused.
"I'm going to make you a little wet to find your bottom."
"OK."
Eva spoke quietly too. She was already losing herself a little in my touching her. I took two fingers and drew a moist line from out of her vagina, across the small area of her perineum and on to the skin surrounding her anus.
"Ooh!!" Eva twitched a little at my first contact. "It's so sensitive. Really tantalising."
"Not too much?"
"Not yet. Makes me want more of it."
I touched and very gently massaged her opening two or three times. As we went, she was getting more comfortable with the feeling of me gently touching the ring of skin that formed her anus.
"Are you used to feeling me there now. Not so tickly."
"No, just fucking dirtily sexy! What's next."
"I'm going to use the oil on you. Just a fingertip at a time."
"Yes, please, baby. I'll say if it's too much."
This was all so delicate and beautiful. A voyage of discovery we were both on. Equal in searching for the pleasure this could provide.
I dipped my finger in the oil I had poured into the cap of the bottle earlier. With one finger, I drew a line from the base of her spine, along the crease between her bum cheeks until I reached her opening. Eva let out a gentle "mmm" as I did that, finding out how that whole area felt.
With another drop of oil, I did it again, this time, through to just short of the bottom of her vulva. I stopped on her perineum to let that feeling wash over Eva.
"I'm ready for a bit more, baby."
Another fingertip of oil. I placed my finger directly on her opening, which was tightly closed, and started to massage, gently, in a circular motion. Eva was responding, slightly moving but knowing she didn't want to push her hips up which would clench her bum. As I massaged, I started to press, just a little, on to her opening to see if it would give way. We were in no rush.
One more fingertip of oil. I pressed a little more firmly and the first signs that she might release were there, her ring just giving way a little. A little of the oil had slowly dribbled back down towards the base of her back. I gathered it up with my finger and placed it directly on her ring and massaged. Another slight hint of release.
"Eva, are you ready for more? I want to be a little firmer with you."
"Yes, please. Try to find your way in, baby. I think it can happen." Eva looked at me to encourage me to continue.
I pushed and massaged at the same time. Her opening gave way a little more, I pressed again, again, and she opened more for me.
Eva gasped, the tip of my finger broke through into the tightness of her ring. She moaned a long "yessssss" and my fingertip started to pass, very slowly, through it.
"Oooooooohhhhhhwwwaaa".
Very, very slowly, my finger went further in, in and out motions helping the oil spread. Every slight movement elicited a reaction from Eva. Eventually, I felt the pressure from her ring passing down the length of my finger as I entered her. She responded entirely to my movements in her.
"OK, my lady?"
"Yesss, keep...doing...that...verrrrry...slowlyyyy."
Eva was really feeling this with all her body. She started to push down on my finger, wanting it deeper and a longer in and out motion. Quite quickly, the motion involved my whole finger moving in and out. Eva's head was somewhere else. I'd never seen her let herself go this much.
"I want you to fuck me. Your cock in me, please...with the finger." Eva was determined.
I removed my finger for a moment. Eva lifted herself so she was above me. Resting her thighs on my hips, she guided me to her lips, extremely wet from her arousal and lowered on to my erection and started moving.
"Hold on, let me move you a little, Eva."
I got her just in the spot. I put my arm around her and found her opening again.
"Wooooooohhhhhh, oh."
Eva moaned as my finger re-entered her anus. Still being as slow as I could, given this woman was also enjoying my full erection in her vagina, I tried to enter her with my finger ever so slightly deeper each time.
Eva moaned with every movement, my concentration moving on to finding a rhythm with my finger and my penis working in and out inside of Eva. Her breathing went very deep as she really pushed down for every bit of both penis and finger that she could get. Animalistic.
Then...
Eva held her breath for so long I thought she might pass out, her vagina tensed tightly around my erection and, whoosh, her body released the tension as she came, longer and harder than ever before with almost a growl as her orgasm flashed through her entire body, it seemed. Sheer intense passion. Her movement pushed my finger out of her bum, so powerful was her orgasm.
But she was still driving into me, panting hard against my erection, as if she had more. Then her raw, powerful energy seeped away and her body dropped. I had to hold her and felt my penis slip out as I laid her on the blanket.
I let her rest as she was for a few moments while her breath, that made her chest rise and fall, gradually eased down to normal.
"Oh, Andy....oh..." was all she could manage for at least another minute. I watched her as she continued to come down from this enormous high.
Eventually, her hand reached for my leg and rested on it and she turned towards me.
"I have never been there before, Andy. It felt like you were so far inside me."
"You certainly wanted my finger all the way in, Eva."
"I know, it was just pure sensation even before you slid inside me and when you were in my vagina, well..."
"Well?"
"I actually wanted to devour you. Everything about me was devoted to coming. I thought of nothing else, just pleasure...beyond everything."
After a little while longer, the shadows in the garden were starting to creep across.
"Maybe, Eva, we can continue inside. I'd really like to cuddle up to you, closely. I'll just clean up a little and be back."
That was a revelatory experience, seeing what reactions Eva had to what we did. She was passion personified.
I washed my hands and went back into the living room. Eva had already started to create where we would spend the evening. The seat cushions from the sofas were arranged in a rough circle and the duvets from upstairs were inside them, as a kind of alternative bed. It looked very cosy and was Eva through and through.
I went outside. Eva was just gathering the blankets together to bring in. I got the oils and put them in the kitchen where, I noticed, Eva has already put some soup on.
"Just a little something to sustain us, lovely man." She said, draping her arm around me. I turned towards her and held her.
"Have you recovered now, Eva?"
"I'm not sure I want to recover from that. It was spectacular."
We got the soup into bowls, along with some bread, and ate in the little duvet boudoir Eva had created. After eating, and the growing intensity of the afternoon, we decided to take it easy and intertwined ourselves in the duvets to get comfy. With a bit of music on in the background, we relaxed, comfortable in our nakedness.
As it got darker, Eva lit some candles. It was ideal to take it easy and enjoy being with each other and chatting, kissing and touching.
"This is pretty perfect, Eva. It's been a lovely day so far."
"Thank you. I really wanted today to be special...you're special."
Eva allowed herself to sink into me a little bit.
"I'm so glad I know now what it's like to be so...into someone, Andy. I've never shared this much with anybody."
"I don't take it for granted at all, Eva. This afternoon was beautiful and we were very intimate."
"You didn't mind what I asked you to try?"
"Did you enjoy it?"
"It was so extraordinary, lovely, exciting, rampant...oh, just so fucking dirty and sexy."
"Then, we can keep on trying."
"And what's your thing, Andy?"
"Well, on the basis of almost all my sexual experience so far, I would say it's being with you."
Eva laughed. "Well, that's not much, is it."
"Eva, it's everything. To me, it is. This isn't just sex now. It's more than that."
Eva turned to me and looked into my eyes. I could see she was trying to find words.
"What... I am beginning to...feel about you, I shouldn't perhaps say, given we're not boyfriend and girlfriend."
"It's OK if you want to say, if you don't, that's OK too."
"OK..." Eva hesitated. "OK..., oh fuck...OK." The next line came in a rush of emotion.
"I absolutely adore you, Andy. I've been thinking about you so much. My feelings have been building for you. I know this is meant to be just physical but I can't do this much and separate it from my feelings. I completely just want to be with you. I fucking love what we are."
Eva looked at me, with a slight vulnerability. "Oh shit, sorry. Have I said too much...oh fuck."
"Eva, Eva..." I reached out for her, cuddled her, spoke gently in her ear. "I'm a lucky man to be in this position. Very lucky."
This wasn't just about sex any more. Far from it.
"I have feelings for you too, Eva. The Easter thing just made it clear for me." I felt her relax. She traced a circle on my back.
"I know, baby. Maybe this is about just you and me now."
"I think it is...and that makes me very happy."
We kissed. Just a gentle but lingering kiss. I unwrapped Eva from the duvet. She was precious, beautiful. It wasn't time for anything new, or experimental. Eva was a woman who had made herself open, vulnerable to me by telling me how she felt. I needed to show her it was mutual.
I knelt in front of her and ran my hands slowly over her body, to the sensitive points I'd discovered. Her nipples, her sides, her navel, her labia. I made sure to keep eye contact with her. I could feel her starting to react to my touch. I really wanted to be so gentle with her.
"Eva."
"Yes, baby."
"Would you like to..."
"Yes, please. Be inside me, baby."
I slowly moved between her legs. Her legs rose and bound me round the back of my thighs. My penis made contact with her labia. So slowly, the tip of my very full erection was almost pushing past her lips, Eva moved her hips a little and my penis slipped between her lips without any help from me and entered her vagina. So soft.
"You're there, baby. You can be inside, come in me. Let yourself go, baby. You've given me so much today."
Eva pulled me in. We slowly moved together. I moved so I could kiss her neck, shoulders, nipples. Eva closed her eyes and her head pushed back a little. I ran my tongue from her neck down. I withdrew so I could continue down and I gently licked her, exploring her vagina and clit. Not aggressively, just to enhance her pleasure, make her feelings well up. I moved back up.
"Move with me, Eva." and entered her again.
We had rhythm, going with each other. It was like we were in a dance, so closely did we move together, eyes on each other all the time, Eva feeling it as my energy built. I could feel my adrenaline surge and my penis fill up.
"Eva, I adore you." I pushed gently into her.
It was beautiful as our bodies were bonded together so deeply. Eva drew breath and her vagina squeezed me and I came, her tightness encouraging me to keep filling her up. No massive surge but a satisfying release as I hit my peak, feeling her surround me.
Eva ran her hands through my hair and kissed me deeply until my energy subsided and I relaxed onto her chest. her playing with my hair. It was quiet, romantic, serene and, for me, perfect.
Eva spoke.
"Andy, that was more than just sex."
"Yes, I could feel it was, Eva." I knew in my head it was.
"Oh Andy." Eva held me close. "That was the most sensual...oh." Eva couldn't finish her words.
"Let's go to bed, Eva. I just want to be with you and hold you."
I bundled up the big duvet, We went upstairs and went to bed, together and slept, knowing we were very different to the two people who started having fun a couple of months before.
-
The next morning, in the guest room, I woke to a clear sunny day outside. Eva was beside me. Our legs tangled together, the duvet half on us, half not.
Eva's eyes were closed. She was laid on her back. I gazed at her, the duvet over her left leg and hip but her lovely body exposed apart from that. Her pure, smooth skin. Her frizzy hair forming a kind of wonky halo around her head. I couldn't believe I was with this woman. We had reached a closeness, an intensity I could not have imagined. I laid on my side admiring her.
After a little while, a small aeroplane flew over the house, the noise different enough in the quiet that Eva stirred. She stared up and then out of the window, had a little yawn and a stretch and then turned to meet my gaze.
"How long have you been awake, Andy?"
"I don't know. I was just enjoying being here. Looking at you."
"I loved yesterday, Andy. You're making me feel things...special things." I detected a little worry in Eva's voice. If her glasses were on, she would have been touching them.
"It's OK, Eva. Don't worry. This is all so important to me...you are important to me."
"Really?" Eva turned properly to face me, staring intently at me.
"Really...and you have a gorgeous body. I've been very happy laying here looking at it...looking at you."
"Would you like to do something with my gorgeous body then." Eva was laughing as she said it.
"I would. Very much. Perhaps we can try something else that we've not done before?"
"Ooh, what would that be?"
"Maybe me being underneath you while you sit above me so I can lick and suck you?"
"Oooh, oh, that sounds nice."
Eva thought for a moment.
"Baby." She was starting to call me this more and more. "While we're talking about things we've not done before, I know that yesterday, when we were playing with my bum, it would have been easier if you'd have been behind me, and I know you made the effort not to be."
"Well, I know you're not ready to do that."
"I think you've changed my mind. I trust you so much and we've really so into each other physically that any worries I've had about that have gone away. I would like to feel you from behind...please."
"If you're sure."
"Yes I am."
"I'll be very careful with you."
"I know you will, completely."
I gently peeled back the duvet from us both. We drew towards each other for kisses and cuddles, Eva's hands moving up and down my back as I was above her.
"Eva, let me lay down and you can move above me"
I had my head on the pillow and Eva got astride me, her bum on my chest facing me. She reached for the headboard of the bed and pulled herself up. This presented a magnificent sight for me. Eva's body was above mine. From her labia and pubic hair directly above me, her body spread upwards. With her leaning forward to the bed, holding the headboard, it made the most of the soft curve of her breasts, making them look a little fuller than usual. Eva's face above this was smiling at me.
"Am I in the right place for you, baby?"
"Let me adjust myself for you." With a little shift in the pillow, I was just right.
I rested my hands on her bum and slowly, my mouth met her pussy. I kissed her labia, from front to back a few times. Eva started to react. I used my tongue to break through the line between her lips. The muscles in her thighs tensed as I found her vagina and almost French kissed it, my tongue able to reach in quite a way.
Eva murmured and moaned quietly as I continued. It was lovely to do this for her. I could feel her moisture on my face as I moved to her clit. I was able to suck it gently which put Eva into conflict. Her natural urge would be to move her hips about but she knew that I wasn't moving so held still...just. Her breath was getting shorter as my tongue lapped through her, from clitoris to vagina and back, time after time. I could tell her control was going.
"Fuck, Andy, I'm going to come. Now, now, now, ooooooh"
She moved down towards my face, her thighs against me stopping me being completely enveloped. I continued to hold her clitoris tip in my mouth with a sucking motion. She peaked again
"Oh my fucking god, agaiiinnn."
Still I went on, determined now to see if she had more. Eva started letting out high-pitched "aah" sounds, loudly taking in gulps of breath, trying to hold herself together. I could feel the headboard rocking as she seemed to hold on for dear life, just giving in to whatever reaction I was provoking with my mouth. My hands were on her hips now while I still licked. One more push of my tongue into the opening of her vagina and I felt her bum tighten.
"Aaaaaaaahhhhhhh, oh no, no, no, ohhhhhhh. Baby, fuck, you did it again, oohhhhhhhhhh."
Eva was overcome. Her hips dropped back down onto my chest. She was still gripping the headboard, panting, eyes closed, trying to settle her breathing.
I lay there, unable to move but not wanting to. Her very moist fanny was on my chest, her body still heaving from the new high she'd reached. My chest collecting a little of her juices on my skin.
I had made this fantastic woman I adore come liked she never had before. Her post-orgasm scent surrounded me. Eventually Eva lifted herself to one side and slid down into a heap beside me. Little beads of sweat sat on her chest, it had been that intense for her.
I said nothing, instead just admiring Eva, laid on her back now, arms and legs straight out, as if trying to centre herself again, regaining composure.
Eva eventually tried to speak.
"Andy, I...oh...uh...I...um...what did you do to me? You found every single part of me down there. My head is still fuzzy. Even your dick...that can't do what happened there."
Another few minutes passed and Eva tried again.
"Oh, we didn't do you, baby, Are you OK?"
"Eva, I'm gorgeous. I get immense pleasure out of making you feel good. What did it feel like?"
"It was like I started coming but didn't stop, I just hit more peaks, waves coursing through me, at least 5 times."
"5? I thought I felt 3".
"Yes, twice I came and then, a few seconds later, it repeated. I had no control."
I moved around to try and gather Eva into my arms. She moved in and settled.
"You gorgeous, gorgeous man." Her eye closed and she dozed a little.
A while later she woke again, this time waking more clearly and turned towards me. Something about her face told me she was now in a "fuck" mood.
"Let me get back up again, baby. I want you inside, from behind. I know it will be you. You need to have me like that. Make me yours, take me now and fuck me."
It was like Eva was submitting to me but on her terms, allowing me to go behind. It needed to be like that, for her to feel safe.
I was well rested so didn't need telling twice. Somehow, Eva caught the mood just right. As I got up, Eva took me by surprise, grabbing my erection and putting me into her mouth and gave me a series of deep in and outs to make me really hard. She rose up and whispered
"Now fuck me senseless, baby. Get into my cunt."
There was something about her intent that made my adrenaline surge. I moved round behind her. She pushed her bum out to open her labia a little, her hands tightly holding the headboard again.
I was full of it, rock hard and slipped straight in, my hands on her hips. Eva let out a long moan as my full length entered deep into her moist vagina. This was carnal. I felt primal. Sheer unadulterated fucking. Eva was moving, I was moving, sometimes with her, sometimes in opposition to feel her vagina differently. I could feel her tighten around me occasionally, while I slid my hands up and down her back.
"How are you this big? Fuck me more. Fill my cunt."
Her aggression was stimulating, building me up even more, making me harder. I felt big, my foreskin stretched. My head spun slightly. I could feel my penis fill. I let out a cry as a hot jet of come exploded into Eva. I was overcome.
But I didn't soften. I still felt hard so kept going, almost as if my erection was me in my entirety. I sped up, Eva urging me to fuck her more, a breathless "Keep going, baby" going with my rhythm, urging me on. Soon again, another small jet. I pushed into her to feel my full length deep in her.
Eva let out a long "ooooh" and then I felt her clamp on me and shudder "Oh god, yes!". Her body tensed before completely releasing. Eva started to sink and we both collapsed onto the bed.
My penis was still pulsing a bit as I lay there. My heartbeat was making my entire body thud. It was extraordinary.
From above, we must have looked like we'd landed after being dropped from a great height. Coming took every ounce of energy I had. I fell away to one side. Eva fell sideways so we were a pile of arms and legs with Eva face down across me, her stomach laying on my midriff, my penis between us.
"You made me come again, you beautiful fucking beast." Eva was still feeling the urge.
"I did, I wanted to. You made me stay so hard, you gorgeous woman."
"I can't get over how big you were."
"The blood was rushing, Eva, all through me."
"Oh, I know. I loved you being there right inside."
I had no more words. We laid still for some time.
It was still late morning when I checked my watch. We were both showing signs of the last glorious day. We'd been oily and sweaty and worked ourselves into a frenzy more than once. There was the scent of our sex in the air too. I was getting to know what our post-orgasmic scent was.
"How about a shower?"
I suggested. Even now, we still had some time as Eva's parents wouldn't be back until evening. I already knew that there wasn't going to be any romantic washing of each other. The shower was over the bath so it would have been more like standing next to each other in a queue.
"You go in, Eva. I'll make you some toast and tea."
Eva came out nice, clean and towelling herself off as I brought up a tray from the kitchen. I went and washed myself down and came back, drying myself off to the beautiful sight of Eva laying naked on the bed, gazing out of the window sipping on a mug of tea.
"Hello, my lady."
"Hi, beautiful man."
"You good? Feel better for a shower?"
"I feel great. I can't believe what we've done since yesterday."
"I know," I said "I can't quite believe it myself. I didn't know I had that much energy!"
"Who needs exercise when you can do this?" We both laughed.
I grabbed a slice of toast and drank my tea. It settled a feeling of hunger that wasn't surprising given I'd had a bowl of soup since lunchtime yesterday.
Eva took my hand.
"Let's go for a walk."
We went downstairs, Eva slipped her dress on so I pulled my jeans and shirt on and didn't worry about my underwear. I'd quite liked the feeling of it not being there, out of necessity, on the Easter night. Eva looked at my pants, still on the floor and then at me.
"Going wild and free today, are we?"
I replied "Only following your lead, my lady."
Eva giggled and showed me her nipple as her dress was still unbuttoned.
"I'd better do something about this as we're going out."
Eva put her denim jacket on and did one button up.
"There, decent enough"
She looked at herself in a mirror close by. Eva brushed her hair through to get it just right and we headed out. Eva with her shoulder bag and a blanket inside it.
"Just in case we want to sit anywhere. I don't want to get my dress dirty." Eva gave me a cheeky smile.
The sun was not as intense as the day before as we headed towards the Lake Park. We walked hand in hand, Eva occasionally taking my hand in both of hers and kissing the back of mine. As we walked, I thought about the last day and the wonderful experiences we'd had, exploring each other and the unrestrained passion we'd shared.
I also thought about what we'd said. It would have been easy to say that we were expressing feelings for each other in the light of the deep physical intimacy we'd shared. However, we were walking along, in broad daylight, with Eva very comfortably showing we were together with the hand holding and contact.
I was certainly very happy being in that position too. Eva was a wonderful woman and I don't think either of us would have been awkward had we come across anybody we knew who would've noticed our closeness.
We reached the Lake Park and strolled around the lake, by this time with our arms around each other. It all felt completely natural. The sun was gently warming and the ambient sound of people having a good time on a dry, summer's day was perfect. Eva led me to the area that we'd been to previously, at the back of the park behind the hedgerows.
"We're here again."
"Yes, we are, Andy and I feel we could enjoy a few moments here."
Eva was without doubt the most "in touch with herself" woman I'd ever met. In fact, if Cass was a woman amongst girls, in my view, then so was Eva, perhaps even more so, because she had an immense sense of her own physicality.
With the blanket laid out to Eva's satisfaction, we laid out in the sunlight, Eva taking off her jacket, revealing her undone dress and pulling her dress hem up to just below her hips, to absorb as much sun as she could.
I noticed she was careful to make sure some material was pushed between her legs. She was conscious of not wearing any knickers and, while she seemed to have a hint of an exhibitionist streak in her, it would have shocked her to have openly caused offence. I undid my shirt.
After a while, Eva turned onto her side, towards me.
"You know, I think you've completely changed me."
"Oh, how?" I replied.
"Andy, I was so sure of what I was like before, you know. The "get sex when I want it" independent girl. I'm not so sure that's me now."
"Who do you think you are then?"
"I think, and I'm not there yet, I might add...I think I see what the whole boyfriend/girlfriend could be about."
"What have I done to bring that about?"
"It's just...us, you know. We've been doing this whole "intimate agreement" thing for a few months now and it's changing my perspective."
I murmured acknowledgement but decided to let Eva carry on. I didn't want to put words in her mouth or influence what she was thinking.
"You see, I thought it was just going to be sex, and I was up for that entirely but...but...I didn't plan for getting as close to you as I have because I've never had a proper relationship before...and this seems to be becoming one...I think."
I was happier about replying now. "I guess it depends where you're coming at it from. For me, I count myself as very lucky to be involved in this rather unique three way "thing". Having said that, after Easter, really, it's about you and me. We're quite deep into this, Eva."
"I...think we are, Andy, which is why I brought up about it changing me. You're very caring."
Eva hesitated but I sensed she had something else to say. She spoke slowly.
"Andy, I hope this isn't too much but...you make me feel loved and wanted and part of something and I'm thinking that's what I probably want rather than the "old" me."
"Do you feel you want to move "us" on from here?"
"Oh no, no, I'm not ready for that, I don't want that, I...I...oh, I don't know...but I really love what we have."
"Eva, we're in this and the only thing that might affect this is Cass and we can't see that changing despite how rubbish it is, can we?"
"No...no, she won't split with him yet."
"There you are. That makes it you and me then and you know I adore you."
"Yes, it does, Andy and I know you do. I love that you do."
Eva's hand brushed my face as she looked at me. Her hand moved down and along my chest to my navel.
"I adore you too, Andy. I really do."
Eva kissed me and pulled me nearer to her so our bodies were almost in contact.
"I have the urge to express how much I want you, Andy."
"And how are you thinking about expressing that urge?"
"Let me show you."
Eva rose up and pushed me gently so I was on my back.
"Undo your button for me."
Sometimes, Eva just didn't deal with my jeans button. She didn't need any help apart from that. Eva moved over me so she was kneeling up with my legs between hers.
"Raise your hips up for me...ohhh, nice." With no underwear on, my gradually hardening penis sprang free. "That looks just right for what I would like to do."
Eva's dress was just long enough that it covered my jeans around her. Slowly, Eva shuffled up so her dress covered my naked area.
"Let me guide you, baby."
Eva was very careful. Unless someone was hiding in the fence behind us, thick hedgerows prevented anyone else from seeing that Eva was holding my erection and pushing it between her lips, moving it repeatedly across her clitoris and vagina to make my glans wet. Then, slowly, Eva guided me into her so I was quite deep as she sat on me.
"How does that feel, baby?"
"Like I'm in paradise, Eva."
Eva had her hands on my chest but was sat right on top of me, almost imperceptibly moving herself around on me to excite herself.
"Oh baby, this is a bit different to the last time here, isn't it?"
Eva said it in what I called her sexy voice. Sometimes, she would speak more quietly but with a deeper tone. This often coincided with when she started calling me "baby" and that mostly happened when we were about to get into something sexy.
"It is, my lady."
"I LOVE it when you call me that, baby."
Eva looked around to survey how private we were. We were obviously secluded enough to her satisfaction because Eva started working up and down on me more fervently.
"Ohhh...this is superb."
Eva was heading towards orgasm, tightening around me, which made me harder, as it always did. Her dress was coming off one shoulder and was being held up by her bent arm, exposing one nipple.
She didn't care. Without making any audible sound, Eva's breathing increased as she grounded herself on me, her hips moving around until she stopped, her muscles clamped around me and she shuddered and her arms landed either side of my shoulders as she worked her way through quite a long orgasm. Eventually, Eva found her peak and eased down, laying on me so that my tip was still slightly inside her.
"Oh, baby, that was different, wonderful, mmmm."
After a minute or two, Eva pushed herself up and off me.
"I love it that you let me pleasure myself on you, Andy. I just came in one long go. Another new thing!!" Eva gave me a big smile. "Pull your jeans up before I get off you."
We sorted ourselves out to be as we were before Eva got excited.
"You do like the outdoors thing, don't you, Eva?"
"And you don't?"
"Far from it. It's quite liberating...and the last day has been very liberating indeed."
"Yes, I know. Fabulous, isn't it." Eva was in fine form.
Eventually, Eva suggested that we headed back and, again hand in hand, we strolled through the park and back to her house.
We got back in and it seemed a good time for me to go. I offered to help tidy up and get the house straight.
"Oh, I can do that." Eva insisted "There's not much to do but you can help me strip the bed upstairs if you like."
"OK, no problem." We headed upstairs.
I walk in to the bedroom and pull the duvet up to take the cover off.
"Leave that."
Eva's hands come round from behind and undo my belt. "Unbutton your jeans please."
Slowly, Eva turns me around to face her. "You gave me a lovely orgasm in the park. I want to return the favour before you go, but I have a question."
My answer may well have been affected by Eva unzipping my jeans and holding my penis in her hand.
"I would very much like you to come in my mouth again but would you like me to try a little of what you did with me yesterday?"
"What, you with my bum?"
"I have the oil. It might be fun."
There was only one answer I could think of.
Eva undid my shirt and asked me to lay on the bed. She pulled my jeans off so I was naked on the bed again with a substantial erection at the thought of what Eva might do. She lifted her dress over her head to be naked with me.
Slowly, she took the bottle of coconut oil from yesterday that had, somehow, made its way upstairs during the last 20 hours or so and poured some into the cap.
"Just relax for me, baby. Let me lead you."
Eva put some oil on her finger and pushed my legs out to the side and hoisted my knees up. Her left hand slowly worked on my penis while her oiled index finger on her right hand started rubbing my perineum. The feeling was extraordinary and my anticipation of where this was going to go was deeply exciting. I was getting light-headed with it all.
"Tell me if I hurt you, baby."
Eva did to me as I did to her, running her finger between my bum cheeks so I had a line of oil running from just below my balls all the way round to the small of my back.
"I'm yours, Eva. Anyway you want." I wanted her to know I was submitting to her desire to pleasure me.
While still stroking my now mind-blowingly hard erection, Eva explored my anal opening, massaging and pushing. In my head, I wanted her to break through but my body wasn't so forgiving, at first. Eva moved to the side a little and I closed my eyes, wanting to feel every sensation.
The warm moisture of her mouth closed over my glans. As she allowed my penis fully into her mouth, her finger pushed into my opening, repeatedly applying pressure until, in one go, I felt her finger enter me and pass through my ring of muscle.
I had no idea who I was. All I could feel was Eva, her finger sliding slowly in and out of my anus in time with her mouth on my penis. The biggest headrush of my life. Eva released me for a moment.
"I'm ready for you, baby. Let yourself go"
"Oh, fuck, ohhhh."
I had no control. I let go. Eva's finger in my anus stopped as I felt the heat of my come shoot out into her mouth. I was so turned on, it was unbelievable. My come was slowly covering my penis as Eva let me out of her mouth at the same time as her finger slipped out of my opening, letting my sperm dribble back over me from her.
"Oh baby, are you still hard? Did you like that?"
I heard her but I couldn't speak as Eva, realising where I was, jumped on top of me and slid me in, moving her hips around as she sought another orgasm, clearly turned on herself by what she'd done to me. Her tits were moving with her impassioned rhythm on my throbbing, aching dick. I felt her clamp around me and move "Aaaah, oh yes, baby."
Eva was strident, what she'd just done to me clearly firing her up again. With determination, she rode me, taking the complete lead in driving up and down my shaft. She came, full of energy, continuing to move up and down on me, so strongly that she got me to come again.
I had no idea if I actually produced anything because I was truly lost inside what was going on. If there was such a thing as a dry male orgasm, then that's what I had. After the second time, I expired very quickly and fell out of Eva but she was coming down herself.
I laid there and Eva flopped on me. Again, we were a post-orgasmic sweaty heap...and we revelled in the feeling of it. So gorgeous. That scent again too. The scent of our sex.
I don't know how long it took me to speak but eventually...
"Eva, you had complete control of me."
"I know, it felt like you gave into me completely when I started sucking you. Your body changed. It was amazing. Did you enjoy the little bit of play behind?"
"Mmm, quite a lot. You might have been able to tell."
"You were very, very thick....well, go on then, you can go now!" We both burst out laughing.
Over what amounted to a complete day, all but two hours of it spent naked, we had discovered each other in ways we'd never have considered before. It was mutual exploration of each other's needs, wants and desires. We also talked, though, about how much we were moving together as people and what we felt about each other. It was beautiful and magical.
After, again, getting dressed, it was now time to go. We walked downstairs and Eva saw me to the door.
"Andy?"
"Yes. my lady."
"I've never wanted anyone as much as I want you."
"I'm yours, Eva, and very pleased to be able to say it."
Eva bowed her head for a second.
"Andy, I'm going to say something I've never said but you have to know I mean it...I love you."
I looked at Eva. At that moment, I could sense her anticipation of how I'd react but she didn't need to worry.
"Eva, we are so close. You're everything to me. I love you too."
We held each other tightly, kissing deeply. I knew I meant it. Yes, all the sex came before a declaration of love but I knew what I felt.
I don't think we let go of each other for the next 5 minutes, standing outside her front door.
Now we knew exactly what we meant to each other. With a long, lingering kiss, we parted at the end of a sensual, meaningful, passionate weekend.