It was the evening, and I was watching TV when my phone beeped with a text message.
It was Sue, and she was bored.
"Bored"
"Where are you?"
"In a bar"
"Who with?"
"Dave and a couple of his mates"
"Watching the football"
"So leave"
"Can't, entertain me"
"Go to the men's room"
"Really?"
"Yes, you can send me pictures from there"
"I was hoping for a dick pic"
"No, we'll play there"
After a minute or so, I got a reply.
"In a stall"
"Send me a picture out the door, so I can see you're really in the men's room"
She sent me a picture that showed the urinals, and her in the mirror.
"Back in stall"
"Send me a picture of you"
I got a picture of her in the stall. She was wearing a summer dress.
"Is there a larger disabled stall?"
"Yes"
"Go there"
"Just a sec, somebody's come in"
"What's he look like?"
"Older guy, maybe 50?"
"Ask him to help you"
"Kidding?"
"Really - tell him friend wants pictures"
"You'll make it worth his time"
There was a delay, then I got a picture of her and an older guy in the disabled stall. He looked harmless.
"Take off dress"
I got a picture of her, taken by the guy, I'm assuming, in bra and panties.
"Have him take off bra"
I got a picture of her back, taken by the guy, with her bra undone.
"Front"
I got a picture, taken by the guy, of her, topless.
"Have him take off panties, want pictures"
"Don't want to"
"Yes you do"
I got a picture, taken by her, of the guy kneeling in front of her and pulling her panties down.
"Pic from him now"
I got a picture taken by the guy of her standing there naked.
"Pic of him sucking nipples"
I got a picture, taken by her, of him sucking one of her nipples.
"Pic of you sucking his dick"
It took a few minutes, but then I got a picture taken by the guy of her kneeling down in front of him with the tip of his dick in her mouth. She was looking up at the camera, it was a great shot.
"You can do better than that"
I got a picture of her with most of his dick in her mouth.
"Cum on tits"
After about ten minutes, I got a picture of her tits, covered in the guy's cum.
"Give him a kiss, tell him to be quiet about this and go back to Dave"
She sent me a picture of her kissing the guy, and then I didn't hear anything from her for about fifteen minutes.
"Fucker"
"What now?"
"I'm all horny now, and the old guy keeps smiling at me"
"Cheer up, home with Dave later, and he can fuck you then"
"I want to see you"
"OK, come over"
"I'm here with Dave"
"Ditch him"
"Come get me?"
"Where?"
She told me where they were, and I said I'd be there in about 20 minutes. When I pulled up in the van, she was standing in the parking lot. She stuck her hip and her thumb out, and I pulled up next to her.
"Hey there little lady, do you need a ride?"
"Oh god, yes," she said, and walked around and got in.
As I pulled away, she was taking off her panties, then pulled her bra out of her sleeve, leaving her in just her dress and shoes.
"So, what do you want to do, and when do you have to go back?"
"I want to fuck you, and I told him I was going home, so I have all night. Getting that old guy off was gross, but it really turned me on."
We headed out to a make out spot. There were several cars there when we arrived. I turned the lights off as we pulled in, but by the moonlight, you could see that they were all fogged up on the inside.
I opened the sliding door so the interior lights didn't come on, and got out. Sue got out after me, and I pulled her to me and felt her up for a minute before taking her dress off and threw it back in the van, leaving her in just her shoes.
We walked around to the front of the van, and I leaned / sat on the bumper.
"Here?" she said, and I nodded.
She unbuttoned my jeans, pulled them down and backed up to lean against me, spreading her legs and reaching behind her to put my dick between them. I reached out and put my hands on her hips. She slid my dick through her lips a couple of times, and when it was sopping wet, she pushed it inside her.
She started grinding away on me. I told her I wanted this to last, so not to cum too quickly.
I heard a car door close, and looked over. There hadn't been any headlights, so it wasn't the police. I saw a guy and a girl coming over towards us. Sue turned and saw them too, but she didn't stop fucking me.
The guy asked if they could watch us, and Sue nodded. The girl said this was hot. She was in a little dress herself, and her boyfriend suggested she take it off. She slapped his shoulder.
Sue kept grinding away on me, and the guy was standing behind his girl, holding her to him. I saw him start to pull the hem of her dress up, and she didn't seem to notice.
The girl pushed him away, then took her dress off and put it on the bumper. She wasn't wearing a bra, and had nice tits. She went back to the guy, and he hugged her again. She reached around behind her to feel his dick, and he started feeling her pussy through her panties.
At this point Sue started cumming. She was shuddering and shaking, and I held her to me while she rode it out. She got off me, and turned and sucked my dick clean, then stood up to watch the guy and the girl.
"May we?" asked the guy, pointing at the bumper.
I nodded and got up, and he undid his jeans and sat down where I'd been sitting. The girl pulled her panties off and sat on him, just like Sue had been on me. She started grinding away on the guy.
I stood behind Sue and put my dick between her legs and held her to me by her tits. She didn't want me inside her just yet, but she moved forwards and backwards, so my dick was rubbing through her lips. I tweaked her nipples while we watched the couple fucking. It did look hot.
Sue climbed off me, and turned around and squat down in front of me. She sucked my dick into her mouth, and started moving forwards and backwards, trying to get me off. This set off the guy, and he came inside his girlfriend. I honestly didn't know if she came or not, because I started to cum in Sue's mouth.
The girl climbed off the guy, and Sue stood up. I got dressed again, and the guy reached out and started to play with the girl's clit, so I'm guessing she hadn't cum yet. His cum was sliding out of her and down her legs at this point. We just stood and watched, I was again holding Sue to me, and she was reaching behind and holding me to her.
After a while, the couple collected her clothes and wandered back towards their car.
"Do you want to do anything else now?" I asked her.
"Not really," she said, "I just wanted you to fuck me."
We got back in the van and headed back to my place. She collected her things, walked up the stairs naked, and waited for me to come and open the door.