Dreams aren't real, are they?
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
"Becky Sue, we spoke last night, and decided we should give you a gift also. By now, John and I have sent each other into the dreamworld many times to explore our ancient interests. We want to send you there, so you can have fun or explore."
"Sally, I... I don't have any historical time that I don't already know about to my satisfaction. And with the fact Inanna lived through the intervening times, there is little she doesn't know, when I have asked."
John spoke, "You don't have to enter a dream of the past. You could do the present or future. But I must warn you, the future is much harder to explore, as the dream becomes fantasy if you go too far from what we can predict."
"You've tried?"
Sally said, "I did. I wanted to see how some recent changes in the law would affect people. When I later compared my notes with what happened, it was clear the accuracy wasn't good, but the general trends did seem to track. But, the present has also proven interesting."
"Oh? How so?"
"Well, I had John send me in just before I was due to go on a survey of a native culture, and I learned all sorts of stuff that proved useful for becoming one of the tribe, including picking up the lingo."
"Hmm... I know, I could do the present as a fantasy."
Sally tilted her head, and asked, "What are you thinking?"
"Remember when I went, when I was a cat-girl?"
Her face got a little red, and she said, "Yes. And afterward, when your goddess made you one for real."
"It was enlightening, to say the least. Likewise, when I went as my four-armed character, Obsidian."
John asked, "You did that, too?"
"Yes. My first time. I even transformed into a giant hawk for a time in there. I've ever since wanted to try my character, Tina."
John said, "Well, why not try on Tina?"
"Okay. Let's set up for after dinner, so you two can get to bed without waiting on me."
"Sounds good."
Later that afternoon, I looked up the original material, and some artists' renderings, so I could have a clear image of the body I would have in the dream. I learned she had bat-like wings, that like the horns and tail, could be there or not, as she desired. However, her blue eyes glowed red when she got angry or pissed. Her clothes, however, were deemed to be a supernatural expression of her will. There was no way real clothes could work like hers did, especially becoming semi-transparent when she wanted them to. They could also change color and style, but her trademark was to wear a dress split all the way up the side. Her dress was held together by a belt, but there were no belt-loops, and it was clearly loose, so it could not stay up on its own. As to the sides, they exposed three inches of hip on both, and the nipples were barely covered on the side. With DD breasts, this meant the nipples frequently popped out from under cover. And the setting might be called kind of a porno-land.
I was ready. When the time came, I lay down nude on my bed, and they both did the incantation. I focused on arriving in present-day LA, as I had recently read the FBI had found evidence of a white slavery ring being operated there. I would have my dream demon be a sex hero, screwing her way through the clues, and then taking down the bad guys.
My dream began as my demon form rose nude from the La Brea Tar Pits. The tar quickly dripped off of me like light oil, and I used my wings to fly over and hover as the last of the tar dripped off. I looked down, and saw my breasts were double-Ds, and they were also a little more spread out to account for the additional size. Looking between my legs, I saw a bush that was triangular, with the two upper corners going a little higher. Clearly, it was a stylized demon. Behind me, I could feel my tail, and I brought it up between my legs to play with my vagina.
Bad idea. I found myself impaling myself on the tail, repeatedly, and quickly, and I came so hard, I had a difficult time hovering. I also cried out rather loudly, but at least, it was the dark of night. That's how I learned that the tip of the tail was also an erogenous zone. At least, the last of the tar had dripped off of me, so I then imagined a dress on me, and it appeared. The belt was loose, yet hovered high around my waist. Another thought, and I had slick, black-leather boots with three-inch steel stilettos. Next I thought, and I had fingerless gloves.
I changed my flying, and instead of hovering, I was flying low over the city. It didn't take long before I could feel a lust-filled club, clearly full of horny college students. There was even a short line to get in. I landed at the back of the parking lot, so no one would be looking my way. Then I caused my appearance to shift to human. No more horns, wings, or tail. I headed to the back of the line. As I got near, I overheard the checking of ID, and the occasional rustle of money to bribe their way past the bouncer. I thought a bit, and suddenly, I had a wallet strapped to the inside of my leg, and within it was my ID, and a bunch of money.
It turned out I didn't need it yet, as the bouncer just noticed a pair of nipples were exposed on the left side, and he just waved me in. It was crowded, and I decided to head to the bar at one side. I ordered my drink, and when the bartender indicated it was a cash bar, I backed away a little, then with my left hand pulled the bottom right of my dress to the left to reveal my wallet. I reached for it with my right and got out my cash. Of course, in addition to revealing my wallet, it also fully revealed my pussy, and it was noticed by all, especially the fact that it was soaked. After paying for my drink and putting the change back in my wallet, I again pulled the dress to the side to put the wallet back. I delayed releasing my dress to let a few more look.
"What's a tall lady like you, doing here today?"
I turned to see a man looking up at me, but only as far as my upper breast. "I'm here to get laid."
That shut him up a bit, until he thought of what to say. "Do you have any particular taste in men?"
"Not yet, as I haven't swallowed any loads today. But I also enjoy tasting women. Cunts can taste so nice."
"I noticed you seemed to be ready for sex, when you got out your wallet."
"Oh, I'm ready. Hey, I can show you just how ready I am. Watch my nipples." Suddenly, I caused my nipples to extend the full two inches. My dress was pushed forward, and the guy talking to me could see the guy's face on the other side looking at him between my breasts.
"Uh..."
"I call them my pneumatic nipples. I think of them pushing out, and they do that."
"Uh..."
"Too much? Let me fix that." I thought, and they retreated halfway, but the ones on his side, slipped out.
"Uh... How can you do that?"
"Oh, my body's built for sin, and I like using it for sex. You want to use it?"
"Yes."
"Then suck on my nipple while I finish my drink. Then you can stick your dick in me wherever you want."
Well, his dick hardened, and I could see it had to be at least ten inches long. He leaned in, and sucked on my nipple.
The bartender came over and said, "Get a room."
"No thanks."
"Huh?"
"I want to get laid a lot. The people are here, so I'll have sex here. Now, enjoy the show, and let me have my fun."
He sputtered a bit, but soon left to attend to others. The guy sucking my nipple didn't pay him much attention, and was clearly enjoying himself.
Finally, I finished my drink, so I turned to him, and said, "Time for dick. Where do you want to put it? Remember, wherever you want"
"Can I do your ass?"
I turned and leaned over the bar, then pulled the back of my dress to the side.
"Go right ahead, stud. Show me what you've got, and make me come."
By this time, he wasn't thinking with the big head, so he unleashed the little head, and it sprang forth, as he dropped his pants. He then stuck what turned out to be all twelve inches into my ass. I shifted back and forth briefly, since I forgot about getting lube. That fixed the pain and lube issue.
"Oof. That's a big one. Push harder and quicker."
As he did this, my breasts bounced all over, and all four nipples slipped into view. Another guy had taken the first guy's place, and with the one on the other side, both reached for my nipples and started playing with them.
"Oh my! Your friends are now playing with my nipples. I think I'm coming. Don't stop." I did come, and afterwards, the guy in my ass was still going. It didn't take long before I came a second time, and he with me.
He pulled out, and wobbled, so I stood up and gave him my place at the bar. I then wandered to the dance floor, and someone found me. This turned out to be a frisky guy, and we danced to a quick beat. Even though I had put my nipples back under my dress when I left the bar, the dancing shook them back out. I saw his dick get hard, and it even impaired his dancing a little.
So when the song was over, I placed my hand between his legs, and said, "Why don't we take care of this?"
He didn't speak, but rather pulled me off the dance floor and into the men's room. As he fumbled to get his dick out, I hopped up on the sink and spread my legs, and pulled aside my dress. Just in time too, because even as he pushed into me, he was coming. He went in and out a few times, to make it seem like he was trying, but he didn't last. I left shortly after, as he was no longer paying attention, and I wandered over into the ladies' room, where I felt some serious lust.
I found her in the last stall, and I could hear her doing something. I reached in over the door, and opened it from the inside.
"Ack!"
"Let me help you with that." I then knelt before her, and gently pushed her hand away, as I leaned in and began to eat her out.
"But...! You..."
I pulled back momentarily, "You want this. So I'm here to help." I then leaned back in, and pushed my tongue in deeply.
"OooOOOohH!" She was warbling, as she began to wail her pleasure. She was clearly enjoying this, and she pulled my head in hard. Soon, she came, and I pushed it to keep her coming.
After she came back down, I pulled back, stood, lifted my dress, and said, "Do me! I like it, too."
As I walked up to her, I was less than a foot away, when she leaned into me, and began to eat me out. She was talented, and soon got me to come. I let my dress fall back into place, but she had to spend a minute to fix herself up. We stopped to repair the damage to our makeup, and then she asked me to meet her friends.
By the time they announced last call, not only had I done each of her friends, I had also done twice as many men. Twice, I did a guy on the dance floor, and later I went with the bartender to his place for the night. In the morning, I looked for a place to stay for a while. The place I wound up at wasn't that great, but it was satisfactory, and the landlord only wanted sex once a week. I was sure he would have liked more, but I so wore him out, I began to think he was afraid that more often might have crippled him.
The next night, I went to another club. Imagine my surprise when the same group of ladies showed up at this place. Two hours later, they invited me over. The talk turned to sex, surprise, surprise. But they decided to head over to a nearby sports bar, where the guys were supposed to be of better quality. They invited me to join them, so I did. I had done several of them by then.
At first, the guys swarmed us. I let the other girls select their guys before I went with one to the bathroom, so he could do me. When we came out, I realized this place had pool tables, so I went there and soon was the pool queen. As I played, I could hear the guys whisper that they could see my nipples because the front of the dress billowed out a bit as I leaned over to shoot. They were even more interested downstairs because the front of my dress was close to eight inches from my vagina, letting everyone look.
In the middle of the third game, someone couldn't resist me, and as soon as I started a shot, a guy moved behind me and unzipped. When I finished the shot, he flipped the back of my dress up and stuck his nine-inch cock into my pussy from behind. I just dropped my cue, and leaned on the table, and started encouraging him by my vocal cries of delight. When he unloaded inside me, I came.
I said, "Looks like I won that game."
The guy I was playing against said, "No you didn't. You knocked the eight ball in."
"But I also had a nice cue in my pussy. I consider that a win. Who wants to play... with me... next?"
Someone else moved behind me, and as I was still leaning down, he unzipped and pushed into my ass, instead.
I said, "Looks like I win again." I then pushed back into him. There were quite a few more rounds, with different partners, but the balls that were moving didn't have numbers, and they came with their own cue. Eventually, everyone by the pool tables had come in me, and so I wandered back to the bar to get a drink. That's when I noticed a commotion off to the side. When I looked over, I noted several of my girls were shouting at each other, but instead of looking angry, they looked worried. I headed over.
"Ladies, what's the problem?"
One of them turned to me, and said, "It's Nancy. She's missing. No one's seen her in over an hour."
"Has anyone called her?"
"No answer. It goes straight to voicemail."
"Anyone got a picture? I want to be sure which of you is Nancy."
Several phones were shown to me, with Nancy centered in the picture. "What can you do?"
"Watch me, but from a distance. Too close, and they'll spook." I then walked over to the bartender, with a pronounced wiggle of my hips. The top of my dress was sliding left and right, revealing one pair of nipples, then the other, back and forth as I walked. I stopped at the bar, and when the bartender looked up from my nipples, I leaned over and whispered to him.
He called to his assistant to take over, and I followed him to the back office. It was a small room, and I took off my dress while he sat down. I reached down and opened his pants, and fished out his eleven-inch dick, then sat down on it facing him. Rocking, I said, "Show me what you got, big boy."
As he showed me all he had, I was reading his mind, and learned how to view the cameras in this place. I looked over at the computer, and manifested my tail. I used it to type, and I logged in with his own password, and began to go over every angle from when she was last spotted. I kept the guy's mind off what I was looking at by smothering his face between all four breasts. He couldn't see the screen from there. And as for hearing, I couldn't keep him from hearing, but with his blood pooling in his little head, he wasn't listening to anything but me.
Once I pinned down the time when she disappeared, I looked for who else went away then. While eight men left within fifteen minutes, three were gone at the same time. Focusing on them, I went back in time on the screen to see them arrive. There were seven that came trying to look separate, but they looked at each other too often. Nancy was the second one to disappear. Earlier that night three of the seven went for another hot woman, and then all four disappeared. The guy in charge got a call a few minutes after this. Going back again, I saw him give a sign just before the three got up. Later, just before Nancy disappeared, he gave a sign to the other three.
Again, using the bartender's knowledge, I printed out two copies of the images of the two missing girls, the six thugs, and the mastermind. Each photo had a timestamp, and I also printed images of the mastermind signaling his people, and getting the calls. I let the bartender come again, and after he went out, I rummaged in his mind for what he knew about them. I learned what he drank, and that he paid cash, but apparently used the jukebox with his credit card. I scanned the videos, and found that transaction, and printed that image as well.
I got up, dressed, and slid one set of pictures in my dress at the back. The back of the dress then went opaque, so no one would see. I woke the bartender, and thanked him. He got up, and I led him back to the bar, where he rested for a while.
I returned to the girls, and told them there was another missing. I suggested they call the cops. I handed them a set of images, saying, "Here are pics of the people involved. Give them to the cops. I'm going to see if I can get more help elsewhere."
They thanked me, and soon the cops were there. I faded into the background, and read the cops minds to learn who was in charge. Afterwards, I followed the cops back to the station, to scan the higher-ups to see who was really in charge.
As I suspected, the FBI was on the job, and I got a name and location of his office. I went there, and as expected, he was not there, but others were. I bamboozled the night clerk into getting someone on the night team to see me, and got him to walk me to his office. When he first saw me, I felt his lust surge greatly. I walked into his office, and turned up the heat.
He said, "Thanks, George, I'll take it from here."
"Jack, my name's Greg, not George."
"Sorry, George."
"Ugh!" Greg left.
"You know, it's not nice to misname people."
"Huh?"
"Greg."
"Who's Greg?"
"The guy who delivered me."
"He must be an angel, because you're divine."
Well, it was clear he wasn't thinking with the right head, so I had to defuse it. The easiest way, of course. So I sat on his desk, in front of him, and opened my legs, saying, "You look like a real man. Show me what you got. I want to see just what a real man you are."
He immediately stood and dropped his pants, and showed his thirteen-inch dick. "I got this, can you handle it?"
He didn't wait for me to answer, but pushed my dress to the side and stuck his big, fat dick all the way in, in one push.
"Oh! That feels good. I want more."
With that, I started pulling my breasts to the side, to show my nipples.
"Wow, those jugs are huge, and I know just what to do with them." He grabbed the lower two, and put his mouth on an upper one. He started to pump in and out. I reached out to hold his shoulders steady, and gave him some traction to pump into me.
It didn't take long before we both came. When he pulled out, he was still hard. He said, "Turn over!"
So I stood, turned around, and leaned over the desk. As I placed one hand on the desk, I used the other to pull up the back of my dress. I spread my legs a little to lower my hips. Suddenly, with no lube, he thrust into my ass. Fortunately, my juices were along the entire length of his dick, and proved sufficient.
"I'm so full. Do it harder, faster."
I was right. A little encouragement, and he was going primal. He grabbed my lower breasts to use as handles, and thrust in and out nearly the full length every time. I began to scream incoherently, and this only encouraged him. It also attracted attention, and several came to the door to see what was wrong. I took the time to smile and stare at each of them in turn, and read them as they were fascinated by seeing me plowed hard.
Finally, Jack came, and it lasted a while. As he did; I, too, was coming. When he finished, he sat back down, and I said, "You are a real man, Jack. And with that beanstalk, I don't think I'll be able to walk for a week." I just lay there, fanny fully exposed to everyone.
Eventually, Jack noticed the crowd. "Hey, you lot. This is a private meeting. Go away, and close the door." They left, but the door wasn't closed.
After they left, I walked awkwardly to the door and closed it. On the way back to his guest chair, I pulled the pictures from my dress, and handed them to him.
"Huh? Where'd you hide these?"
"Unimportant. The two girls went missing tonight. I think these six are the ones that took them. This guy seemed in charge of the others, and he gave signals to the men, and got phone calls shortly after the girls went missing. He paid cash for the drinks, but he made a mistake by using a card for the jukebox. Given the timestamps on the pictures, you can probably get the phone numbers, and the card info." I added the name of the place, and of the last victim, and that the police were called on this also.
"Is that why you're here?"
"Of course. However, meeting a real man was a... nice... bonus. Real nice."
"So you think we should be involved?"
"Yes. I saw the reporting on the white slavery, and this seems to fit."
"Well... I will take a quick look." He then pulled over a screen, and started typing on his computer.
"Shit! This guy's on the short list of suspects. Don't know who he is, as he always pays cash. As for fingerprints, he always wipes off the table."
"Maybe you can trace the calls, or the card at the jukebox."
"I got a call to make." He then picked up the phone, and said some stuff, and hung up. Two minutes later, another woman came in. She must have been only a B-cup, but she had so few buttons done, it was easy to see she wasn't wearing a bra, and from the side, I could see nipples.
She stopped upon entering, and stared at my breasts, and licked her lips.
"Earth to Darla. Earth to Darla."
Darla was startled, but proceeded over to the desk, and said, "Sorry. I got distracted. You have some evidence for me?"
"Yes. These." He picked up the pictures and stood up to hand them to her.
She instantly noticed he still hadn't picked up his pants. "Um, Jack?"
"Yeah?"
"You're being a bit obvious." She briefly looked down.
He looked down, and said, "Shit!" He then sat, and continued, "Get those scanned, entered in the system, and get the info on cell phones for those times to ID them. Lastly, find the info on that jukebox transaction."
"Right away, sir." She turned, and left, ogling my nipples as she passed.
I stood, and fixed my dress, and said, "I'll be around, mister real man." Then I exited and followed Darla.
She went to another area of the building, and then into a bullpen, where she scanned the documents. Then she went to a desk and started working on her computer. After a few minutes, she noticed I was sitting nearby.
"Um, miss, you can't be here."
"I am following up what I gave Jack. I also noticed you have quite-the-cute nipples."
She immediately got embarrassed, and said, "I'm rather flat, especially compared to you."
"Nonsense. They may be small, but I bet they taste real good."
"I wouldn't know about that."
"Well, I'm an expert. I'll let you suck mine if you let me suck yours." I then licked my lips.
She started to squirm, and I could smell her getting wet.
"If you spread your legs, I'll relieve your stress down there. You can do me later."
I could see her thinking about it, and after a minute, she opened her legs. So I crawled between them, and opened her clothing to give me access. I then started licking her. When she relaxed her legs even more, I started pushing my tongue deeper, so I could lick her G-spot. I also started sucking on her clit. She began making noises, but was clearly trying to be quiet. I just went deeper and harder, and I also reached up under her top to play with her breasts. Suddenly, her orgasm hit, and she also squirted. I sucked it all in, and continued what I was doing. Her orgasm lasted several minutes, before she finally came down. I let her down slowly, and eventually sat back where I was before.
"Any clue yet from the pictures?"
"With the cell phone metadata, we've identified the three phones involved. The master one is off, but the other two are on. In the morning, we'll be able to follow up on everything, including the jukebox."
Looking into her eyes, I willed her to tell me, as I said, "Who's running this investigation, and where can I find him."
She looked quickly around, and said softly, "I'm not supposed to tell you, but Inspector Smith is going to love this information." She then wrote something on a piece of paper. "You'll find him here."
I walked over and read it. There was both a phone number and address. I sat on her desk, and pushed aside my dress. "I want to thank you." I then spread my legs, giving her easy access. She moved to take advantage of it.
After she got me off, I left, and went back to my room. In the mid-morning, I got up, changed into a workout outfit, and headed for a busy gym. I went in with a double crop-top that showed a lot of underboob, and a miniskirt that barely covered me down below. I whammied the clerk to thinking I was a member, and I headed in to do a workout.
I worked on nearly every machine, and gathered an audience. When I was offered a spotter, I accepted, and when I finished, I offered to return the favor. This let whoever I spotted a great unobstructed view of my body. At one point, I hung from some rings, and did a full split. That caused my miniskirt to ride so high, that I was fully exposed. I held the pose for five minutes, and a number of people took selfies with me. When I felt the time was right, I told folks I was heading for the shower, and asked if anyone wanted to assist me.
I had a gangbang in the shower, and the smallest dick was eight inches. Several were twelve inches or more. For nearly half an hour, I had two or three dicks in me. Then I headed for the men's sauna, still naked. I lay down, and one guy after another would lay on me and have sex, while others played with my breasts. I would play with their dicks, and when they came, I got covered in cum. I stayed there for a few hours, before I took another shower, where I asked the guys to wash my hair. One guy decided to wash my pubic hair.
When I got dressed, I decided to go back to my narrow dress, and to make it a little more transparent this time. Looking in the mirror, I could see my nipples were less than an inch from popping at the sides, and you could sort of see my slit. My bush looked even more like a demon face. I headed back to the FBI office, and waltzed in. When anyone tried to stop me, I just walked up to them and kissed them deeply, and put my hands between their legs. Some of the men came, and nearly all the women, as well. But eventually, I got to the office of the investigator.
"Hello, Agent Smith. I'm Tina. I came last night with photos from the kidnapping. I've come to see what you've learned."
"The general... public is... not permitted to... be part of... our... investigation."
I opened my senses, and I realized there was a woman under the desk giving him a blowjob.
"Ordinarily, I would agree with you. However, I have certain abilities that can assist your investigations. Like persuasion." I lifted a hand, and it was instantly covered in flames, and the fingernails grew an inch. I looked at my elongated nails a moment, flexing my flaming fingers, then my hand was back to normal. At the same time, I let my horns be seen.
"WHAT!? You're a ..."
"Yep. And I am on your side on this crime."
"... Not what I... uh... expected."
"So, what have you learned?"
"My assistant... has that... information."
I quickly read the mind of the woman below, and realized she was the assistant.
"Well then, tell her to take her mouth off your dick, and tell us what she found."
Suddenly, there was complete silence. The investigator's breathing steadied, and it was clear he was thinking. After maybe thirty seconds, he said, "Ruby, enough for now. Come up for air, and tell us what you learned."
There was movement below the desk, then a stunning woman came out. Her shirt was open, revealing E-cup tits with huge areolas. "Hi."
"Hello. Nice tits. Can I suck on them later?"
Her eyes got big. "You want me?"
"Sure. I'm bi, and I like confident women like you."
"Well -"
Agent Smith said, "Later, you two. Ruby, the info?"
"Sorry boss. Um... The phone numbers are helping to locate the minions, but the bosses aren't using phones to talk to each other. We suspect they are using special apps. What phone numbers we do have all seem to be burn phones, with no identifiable info."
I asked, "What about the jukebox?"
"That was a great catch. That was paid by one Antony Rourke. He's hard to track down, but we found some images of him, and it looks to be the guy in the photos you gave us." She continued, and told me a fair bit about him, including where to find him.
"Agent Smith, do you have plans to get more info from him?"
"We're trying to figure out a way to get a mole into his organization, but he has a mole in ours, and we can't seem to ferret out who it is. Until that leak is found, we can't risk putting someone undercover."
"Then I'll go undercover, and check your people. I love sex, and when they fall asleep, I'll learn all about them and find your leak."
"Sounds like a good idea. Where should we start?"
I stood, walked over while removing my clothes, and then sat down, impaling myself on his ten-inch dick. I pulled his hands to my lower breasts. Then I said, "Ruby, come here and play with my upper breasts, while I suck on yours. Agent Smith, enjoy the ride."
"Please, call me Carlos."
"Carlos. You have a nice, thick, dick." I was grinding on him, even using my tail to play with his butt. Ruby, on the other hand, had her hands on my upper breasts, while I was going to town on hers. I used my abilities to read both their bodies. I played them both, to bring their ecstasy to the highest levels. Soon, both were screaming their pleasure. Finally, I triggered everyone's orgasms. They both were knocked out, and some of the ones watching through the open door also had orgasms, but not as strong. While they were both out, I used my succubus powers to enter their minds and learn all about them.
When they recovered, I whispered quietly to both, that neither was the mole. I also learned who all was part of the team, and what their names were. I got up, and headed into the crowd, and said, "I'm here to give you all a sex test. Let's begin. Is there a room nearby?"
I was taken to a nearby conference room, and soon was doing one after another; sometimes, I did more than one at a time. I made sure each one, male and female, had such great sex, that they were knocked out. While out, I entered their minds and investigated. In addition to learning about them, I left the suggestion that sex with me was just a routine part of the day, and nothing to be concerned about since everyone was required to get the test. I got lucky and found the mole with the sixth tested, but felt I needed to verify there was only one mole. As the shift changed, I was still doing the main shift's people. They wanted that great sex, and the next shift started filling in. As there were fewer people in this shift, I took more time for each. Finally, the graveyard shift entered, and they, too, paid a visit to me. Again, I took my time, and when the morning shift came in, they started filtering in.
As the HR people were among my test subjects, I knew who all should be considered as potential moles, and I had had sex with all but a few, who were on vacation. I grabbed a pad, and wrote what I found, then went to see Carlos. I closed the door and handed him the pad. As he read over it, I reset my clothing to my usual, and it reappeared on me.
"You found five moles!? How the hell did you do that?"
"Exactly. I went inside their heads to see the truth. Not all of them are from the slavers, but now that you know who they are, and how they are providing others information, you can use that to feed false information, and to catch them."
"Whoa! You're right. But making it stick will be difficult." He lifted up the pad, and said, "We can't use this as proof."
"No, but you can use it as a guide of where to look for proof."
"Yes. Hmm... I'll have to call in Internal Affairs... no, one of them is IA. It's going to be difficult."
"I'm sure a man of your talent can handle it."
"Of course. Um, what are you going to do now?"
"I'm going to follow some leads. I'll get back to you."
I then left, and decided to head to Rourke's place. I took a circuitous route, including flying over some buildings, and walked through others, to lose any tails; I also changed my outfit as I went, to make following me even more difficult. When I got to the area, I found a spot to hole up, unnoticed, and began reading random minds to locate the person I was interested in. I monitored him, and waited to see what he would do. When he left, I followed.
He wound up heading for an exclusive club. I found another way in, and then altered my clothing to fit in the place, as a waitress. At one point, he went into a backroom with several other shady types. I was busy getting shagged by another staffer, but I was able to take their drink order to them, a few minutes later. Once the last drink was delivered, I asked if I could bring anything else. One asked me to have sex, so I sat on his lap, and began grinding with his eleven-inch dick in me. Even as the others watched, I whammied them, one by one, until all were asleep. Then, I entered each of their minds in turn. I spent long enough to learn what they knew, and especially that there was another level above them. I got those details, and left them with nightmares. When the one I was on came, he also fell asleep, and he got the same treatment. I also whammied all of them to think I looked like their favorite person.
While they dealt with that, I quietly left, and headed up the chain. Over the next five days, I followed the chain, going up and down, to make sure the nightmares of being slaves were given to all the slavers. Often, I had sex with them to make them fall asleep, but I whammied them to sleep when I had to. I whammied them all when I left. I had learned that there were eight people running the slave trade for this city. Six older men, one younger man, and one middle-aged woman. I spent the next eight days sneaking in range of these people, and waiting for them to sleep. Then came the next stage of my plan.
In the middle of each night, when everyone was asleep, I would enter one person's dreams, and cause them to relive them accessing their accounts. I also possessed their body so that the actions in the dream played out in the dreamworld. I would then alter the dream to make them send all their money to a charity. I also got them to email significant details of their operation to the FBI with a request for the attention of Agent Carlos Smith.
I met Carlos after this, and asked about the case.
"I don't know how you did it, but the case broke wide open. But several are likely to walk."
"How come?"
"They have a lot of political power, and expensive lawyers, and judges in their pocket."
"I see. Well, nothing you can do about that, I suppose."
"Not without proof."
I said goodbye, and decided to make another round of the eight, to see who was planning on escaping. Learning who they expected to save them, I visited each of them. I could not believe how corrupt and evil they were, so I went into their dreams, and appeared in full demon form, including glowing red eyes. In their dreams, I condemned them for their evil part in the slavery, then I used hellfire to burn them. Once on fire, I left their dream. I then went on to the next one. I was surprised that most of the ones I entered, seemed to spontaneously combust. Apparently, the ones that didn't combust, instead had heart attacks.
Things went quickly the next few days - numerous subpoenas, search warrants, and newspaper exposés came out. I spent the days having sex at gyms, and spent nights having sex at clubs. I checked in on Carlos every few days, to see what all was happening, and when the women who were recently taken were recovered, I decided I had my heroic fun in the dream. I did welcome Nancy back with some sex at the club in front of everyone.
I then flew high over the city, and located the tar pits. I knew my exit was there, so I flew there, in the nude, and dive bombed into the largest pit, as they all went down all the way. I made a big splash, and seemed to slide right through the tar, as though it was extra virgin olive oil. I loved the idea of a sex demon going through virgin oil.
The light increased from a dim glow, to a bright red. Gravity changed direction, and I was going up, and suddenly I broke the surface. Several minion devils got in my way, and I just ignored them. When they tried to block me, I just single-handedly lifted them by the neck, and tossed them aside. Finally, I came to the statue, and I touched it and woke up.
The Maxwells were not there, but Filipe was sleeping on his side. I got out of bed, and checked the time. Morning? How did that happen? I thought I would only be out a few minutes. Well, I couldn't think of any way to find out, at the moment, so I decided to go for a swim.
At breakfast, after dressing, we talked, and I learned that I seemed to be in REM sleep the whole time. Filipe took over after an hour, and later told me that I was also quite wet and aroused the whole time. I told him my dream was set in a porno-land version of this world. He asked for details, and I spent a few hours telling him every detail of every sexual encounter. Later that day, the Maxwells left.
That night, after dinner, we watched the regional news, as we occasionally did. I wasn't paying much attention until I heard there were a string of deaths of prominent judges in the LA area. The names mentioned were very close to some of the names of the judges I had killed in the dreamworld. After the news, I looked online to see who died recently in the same positions of power as in the dreamworld. All the names were close. I had killed twenty in the dreamworld, and twelve in the real world were dead. Most died in their sleep, but two died in a fire of unknown origin. I got worried, and still troubled, I went to sleep.
I had a dream, or so I thought at first. In it, I saw myself as Tina invading the dreams of the twenty, and killing them. When Tina had finished, she vanished, and the twenty bodies turned to flat images on a wall. Then I heard a voice behind me.
"The dreamworld is influenced by the dreamers. The dreamers are influenced by the dreamworld."
At first, I could not place it, and I turned to see who was speaking. Just before I saw her, I realized it was Aja.
"My lady. Have I done wrong by you?"
"What do you think?"
"If my actions in the dream had only been in the dream, then I could be forgiven for exploring the possibilities. But for affecting reality... I am less sure. What those did, was evil. What I did to them did not give them a chance to defend themselves, nor a chance to atone. Now knowing that I appeared to affect them in the real world, I think I overstepped what is right."
"What is to say that reality is not just another level of a dream?"
"... It could be. I know there is more to reality than what most see. There is nothing to say there might be even more, like another level."
"So then, if reality might be a dream, dreamworld is a dream, and the dreams within the dreamworld are dreams, why should one level of dream be any different than another level of dream?"
"I had not thought of things that way. There is also the dream of the movies that I participate in, and the dreams in the stories I read."
I stopped talking for a while, clearly thinking. Behind me, on the wall, appeared what I was thinking of, and it overwrote the space. It squeezed itself as more was added. After a few minutes, I said, "I acted wrongly. If I wish to be good, and I do, then I need to be good at all levels of the dream."
She replied, "Dreams are a place to explore morality, and possibility. What you think is a dream is a place to learn right from wrong. Choosing to be good at all levels means you have a greater moral foundation. Your telling of tales, as stories or movies, can be a tool of teaching. Such teaching is a way to show what is right and what is wrong. Many stories entertain, but they also teach. Thus having the hero win, and having good triumph, teaches what is expected and desired."
"I am unsure how, what I did, fits."
"Like anything you do, you can think about it later, and realize what you should have done. Then you use that lesson, to choose better options later. You did not understand the full nature of the dreamworld, but had hints of possibilities. By choosing Tina to influence their dreams within the dreamworld, you have learned how to control the dreamworld beyond your own existence within it. Today's terminology calls this action lucid dreaming. But your connection to the dreamworld is now strong enough that your dreams can affect others.
"This is something that my experienced priests learn. As such, I will teach you more of the dreamworld, and how to use it, not just for yourself, but for others. You will no longer need another to bring you here, and soon you will learn to bring others here when they are waking. Another aspect is bringing things from the dreamworld to reality. It is not easy, but it is a way to bring the mysterious into reality and allow others to dream new dreams.
"Have you any questions?"
"What I did. Was I wrong to do it?"
"Not as far as I am concerned. You have made a great stride, learning to manipulate reality. I am proud of your accomplishments in what I have to teach. As to the morality of it, you must deal with that yourself. Look behind you on the wall, and see what I saw, as you thought."
I looked, and my mind was laid bare. Some thoughts brought me shame, and others pride. In fact, most were thoughts I was glad I had.
"As you see, you know what is good and bad, and you clearly understand what you have done. There is no greater teacher than experience, and you have an exceptional amount. Part of this is because you notice many things. You see more clearly than others, even when it applies to yourself. Forgive yourself. All make mistakes, but it is learning to be better, because you fail, that truly makes you worthy."
"Huh?"
"You know of one such test, the test of the lake, even though you never failed it."
I recalled my dragon friend's home, and how even he had issues with it.
"There are many such tests out there, but passing them is not the goal. Rather, becoming one who can pass at need is far better. Do not compare yourself to others. Your path is not theirs, nor is their path, yours."
She faded, and I looked at the wall, and slowly it faded, revealing the words, "The dreamworld is influenced by the dreamers. The dreamers are influenced by the dreamworld." Then it faded.
I don't recall how the rest of the night went, or even if I had any dreams, but when I woke, I was clutching a piece of amber. I thought about the other pieces she gave me, and how I had them on a necklace, and suddenly, the necklace was there, and the amber I had glowed briefly before becoming another ornament on the necklace. At that moment, I realized the necklace, and not the pieces of amber, was her talisman for me. The amber represented facets of her. Knowledge of the forest life, knowledge of creative magics, and now, knowledge of the dreamworld.
That morning, I headed to the FBI office in LA, and found it eerily similar to what I saw in the dream. I asked to speak to whoever was in charge of the white slavery case, as I had possible information for them. They were reluctant until I whammied them, and then I was sent to a familiar conference room. I seemed to get a whiff of sex, yet no one else seemed to notice it. After waiting nearly an hour, a man, looking like a lesser version of Agent Carlos Smith walked in. He stopped in shock as he saw me, and asked, "Tina?"
"No, Becky Sue Tate. And you are?"
"I am Agent Carlo Schmidt. I swear, I must have seen you somewhere."
"I am the actress known as Helen Asher. Perhaps in a movie?"
"I don't catch many movies. I prefer opera."
"Can't say I've done that. Lived it, maybe, but not performed in one."
"So. You say you have information on the white slavery case?"
"Not exactly. I had a dream two nights ago. In it, I was a hero, like in my movies, and I went after the slavers. The end result was many indictments, but also twenty dead, consisting of corrupt politicians, cops, and judges. Twelve of the twenty were listed dead in the paper. I don't think it was a coincidence. If the rest of the dream aligns, then it may have been a vision. If so, and I tell you what I remember, perhaps reality will match up enough to help you solve the case."
"What makes you think I'll pay any attention to what you say?"
"Look me up. You'll see I've worked with the law before, and helped them, yet I did it for them, not for me. I sought no fame from it. Also, when you called me Tina, did you think I was a succubus? I played that character in some movies. Movies you never saw, because you don't watch movies. But I bet you had a dream a few nights ago where you saw Tina, but it was really me, with bigger boobs, and you had sex with me."
He looked pole-axed. "... How?"
"As I said, I think I had a vision, and I think you shared in it. So, want to take a chance I might have more truth?"
"... I don't know."
I placed my hands over the table, so he couldn't see beneath, then cast a spell to create a folded piece of paper with the word 'moles' followed by the five names from the dream on the front. I then opened my hands, and passed him the paper.
"In my dream, you were Carlos Smith, not Carlo Schmidt. In the dream, there were several moles on the staff. These are the dream names. They may be similar to a real name, or not. Open the paper, and I wrote the description of the person in the dream, and the details of their corruption that proved them false. It may be a waste of time, but it may also clean house for you. Have you been having problems with leaks?"
"We have. But... but... this is worthless as proof."
"I know. But it may point you where to look for proof. Think of it as an anonymous tip. Was a Nancy taken recently?"
"Yes."
"Check the cameras for a man signaling three others shortly before she was taken. Earlier, he signaled three more and another was taken. The one running the show pays cash, and wipes the table of his fingerprints, but he forgot about the jukebox. The card used for that became a big break."
"You seem quite sure of yourself."
"I have a very good memory, even of dreams. If you want to talk, here's my private card. Don't let anyone have this contact info."
He called for someone to escort me out, but I heard from him a few days later.
"Becky Sue, I don't know how to say this, but..."
"My dream was spot on?"
"Yeah. Can you come in? We'd like to ask you some questions about it."
"Sure. I'll be there in fifteen minutes."
"But you'll never get here that fast with all the traffic."
"Don't worry about that. See you shortly."
I collected the pile of papers I had written after the previous meeting, and then swapped my outfit for the Tina one. Ready, I cast the non-notice spell I had learned from Isis, as it was better than invisibility, then I teleported near the FBI building and walked two blocks to get there, dropping the spell as I did. I was quickly escorted to another conference room, and I immediately felt it seal, both sound and air. I looked at each in turn, and ignored what they were saying while I read each of them to see who they were, and if they would be trouble.
Suddenly, into the babble, I spoke with An's authority, and said, "Silence."
This surprised them, and into the quiet, I continued, "Senior Agent Kyle Sanders, your presence is not required. You have nothing to do with the case, and are only interested in what I was able to do. I will not be an experiment, and will give nothing while you are part of this."
This set him off, and he explained that I had a duty to say what I knew. Again, using the authority, I said, "No, I do not. We all have skeletons in our closets." I moved right next to him, then quietly continued, "Shall I mention yours, or will you leave?" I then quickly mouthed the three words of his secret.
He went white as a sheet, then left.
"Sorry, gentlemen, but I don't want that kind of publicity. I like helping out, but don't want official interest. Understood?" I saw nods. "Please excuse me for ignoring you at first. I needed to ensure you were here to solve the case, and not... other... things. Please, can we begin again?"
Again, nods, then Carlo introduced everyone. Once that was done, I handed the folder I brought to him, and said, "This is stuff I recall from the dream. Again, I have no idea how much it tracks to reality, but I must assume my last bit tracked sufficiently well, since you called me."
"It did. The names were a little off, and the descriptions were, how can I say it, bigger than life? But the places you said to look yielded fruit. Four are being fed false info, but the fifth is proving elusive. Just based on your accuracy, however, he is being watched, just in case. So, this new stuff is all you can recall?"
"No. In my dream, it was porno-land. People were more sexual, and well endowed than one would expect. Sex happened. I chose to exclude nearly all of that, as it was not relevant. I did include all the information on my dream-self-tracking the bad guys, and what I could remember of their organization. While I have included account numbers and such, I suspect they most likely will be wrong, given the name changes I noted. I leave it to you to deal with. Why don't you send out for pizza, and read my notes. After we eat, ask away."
They did as I suggested, and three hours later, I left. They had many questions about my dream, and I answered them for the most part. I learned that the jukebox was actually a karaoke machine, but it was caught on tape and led them a step further where they had been stymied before.
Over the next several weeks, I was texted many times, and when I called back, they had more questions. I did what I could, and three months later, the bust made national news. There was no mention of me, as I had asked. Two weeks later, Carlo came to me.
"Hello, Becky Sue, I'm on vacation after that big case."
"So what brings you here?"
"You do. I've been an agent for a very long time. Your 'dream' was far too accurate to be a coincidence. It was also far too inaccurate to be someone with knowledge, that is, an inside job. Also, I did look you up. Your 'Tina' was the woman in my dreams. Thanks for not adding those details. I fear to learn what else you might have said, as in my own dream you had sex with everyone at the office."
"So, too accurate, and not accurate enough. What does that mean?"
"It means, I think your dream was the real thing. There was no way you were involved with anyone in the crime, yet you knew so much. It would take an ordinary person months to learn what you learned, yet you were out of the country for some time, then heavily involved with your youngest kids. These impossibilities tell me that the impossible happened, and you did have a vision."
"You believe. What now?"
"There are so many crimes you could help with."
"At what price?"
"We can pay -"
"Not that price. What price would I pay?"
"Oh... I hadn't thought of that."
"Yeah. You suspect I can do other things, don't you?"
"Um... yeah."
"I can do quite a bit, actually, but I don't want the publicity."
"Huh? You're a movie star!"
"That price is being hounded for pictures of my naked body, and for my autograph. Same as nearly all other movie stars. I am ordinary in that, not unique. It is a price I accepted long ago. But an oracle? No. That price is too high, and why I tossed out the senior agent intruder."
"I see. So you won't do that."
"I didn't say that either. I'll tell you a secret. I am a priestess as well as many other things. One I serve is Inanna, and you might consider her a sex goddess as part of what she is." His eyes opened wide at that. "My own nature is like hers, and we mesh well. With her, sex is consensual. Sex slavery is offensive. I did something I had done before, but this time, it resulted in that dream. I know now how to do that on purpose. But my nature is also that of the hero. I like doing good. If you look deeper into my activities, you will find signs of that, but done out of sight, so to speak. My 'hero' is not out for glory, but for helping. I can, and will be happy to, help you again, but not often, and definitely without fanfare. You and the FBI have a lot of resources to do your job. Call me when you are truly stuck, or when the crime is truly evil, and you need speed to prevent it."
"Whoa. You have thought of this before."
"A lot. Few know I am a priestess, and I want to keep it that way. But I do have those extra abilities. The dream is but one of them. I can also be violent. My fight scenes rarely have stunt doubles because I am so hard to double. I am also a fight trainer. You've no doubt checked my file and seen that I am lethal, even unarmed. I am more than that. I can be lethal in ways you would have difficulty proving, and if I find the perp to be very evil, I might take things into my own hands, without guilt. I don't want to have that problem, but if you use my abilities, there is that risk. I have killed, and will likely need to again, but I do it to prevent greater evil. Even as you uphold the law, there are times you would kill."
"I see. You are right. That power can be potent, but the ones we go after can be sick. Sometimes, even we have issues."
"I had issues the first time I killed. I have since learned how to deal with it. I still don't like it."
"Some fail to resist that."
"It is the difference between a warrior and a killer, or, perhaps you would say, an agent and a murderer."
"You do understand."
"Yes. In a way, I am Nigkala, the Sumerian Warrior. Soldier, protector, and... nympho."
"What! I wasn't expecting that."
"I felt we were getting too serious, and you are on vacation."
"Yes, you're right. Well, thank you. I now understand you better, and will be reluctant to call upon you without true need."
"Good. I'm glad we have come to an understanding."
He left, but did eventually call upon me.
But that is another story...
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!