"I got you something," murmured Tory. He ran his thumb over the small velvet jewelry box, feeling a little silly.
Carol looked up at Tory with a puzzled smile, and rested her head on his chest. "You got me a present? I didn't think we had that kind of relationship."
Tory huffed and looked away. "Jesus, Carol. I'm trying to be nice for once. Just... here." he pushed the box into her hands.
Carol giggled at the normally-cocky president's obvious discomfort, but her eyes softened. "OK, OK. I'm sorry, I'm just teasing you, Stud." She turned the little jewelry box over in her hands, staring at it curiously.
It had been a fun month since the Halloween party. The events of that night had awakened new... hungers in Carol. She didn't bother wearing clothes around the house anymore at all, and the slutty clothes that she once used exclusively for tempting the brothers had become her normal going-out clothes. It had begun to have an effect of how her friends and acquaintances outside the house saw her, but the appreciative states from strangers on campus made the loss of respect from her friends worth it. Carol had even caught the asshole TA from her literature class staring at her tits the other day, and he hated her guts. Her comfortable bras, ripped baggy pants, and shrouding sweaters gathered dust in her closet.
Carol's intense first time at the glory hole enflamed twisted desires in her as well. Tory knew that ever since that night, Carol was now blowing Adam on a regular basis. Other brothers were slowly discovering to their delight that Carol was willing to suck anyone's cock if they were bold enough to ask. All you had to do was get Carol heated up with a make-out session, and she would be more than willing to drop to her knees for you. It wouldn't be long before word spread, and she was blowing all of the frat boys regularly.
Tory wasn't sure how to feel about Carol's spiraling fall into depravity. He clearly didn't hold an exclusive claim to Carol's sexual activity. He never had. But he had to admit that it stung a little, the way that Carol was obviously unable to resist sucking Adam's cock despite how cruelly he treated her. In the end, however, he found he could deal with it. No matter what she did with the other guys, what he and Carol had was special.
The sex that Tory and Carol had on a near-nightly basis was mind-blowing. Tory had a great deal of sexual experience, but he had never felt anything like it. It was like they were perfectly in sync. When they lay tangled together, sticky and sweaty from their sexual exertion, clinging close and basking in the afterglow of their orgasms, Tory just couldn't care about what she was doing with other men. There was simply no way it could be as good as what she was doing with him.
Carol flicked open the jewelry box, and her teasing attitude drained away. She lifted the little silver charm into the light, watching it glitter. "The Venus symbol," she said in a stunned voice, "It symbolizes love, sex, and especially femininity." It was the typical circle with a cross extending from it that was used to signify "female". Carol studied Tory's face for a moment, trying to read his intentions. She had been half-joking, but she was pretty sure that fuck-buddies didn't usually buy each other jewelry. What was going on in that head of Tory's? Sometimes he acted like Carol was his personal fuck pet, sometimes like she was something more...
The symbol of Venus... it was a genuine ancient magical symbol despite its mundane modern usage, and it would fit right in among the other symbols on her bracelet. She never would have considered adding it before moving into the house, but now sexuality and feminine energy had become a major part of her beliefs.
It was a genuinely thoughtful gift, and despite its clear sexual connotation, it almost showed respect for her beliefs. Although Carol thought the idea of someone else adding a charm to her bracelet was a little strange, she appreciated the gesture.
"Thank you, Tory," she said, unclasping her bracelet and threading on the new charm.
Without warning, the door to Tory's room flew open. Adam stood in the doorway. His flashing green eyes saw them cuddled together; taking in the unclasped bracelet and the discarded jewelry box. His jaw clenched.
"Tory, Ryan and I would like a word," he said stiffly. Tory frowned, unconsciously pulling Carol closer to his side as he replied: "Can it wait?"
"No," answered Adam curtly, walking away without closing the door. Tory sighed and pulled away from Carol's embrace, finding his discarded jeans and shirt.
"Sorry," he said with a lopsided grin and a shrug. "Looks like no round two for us. Maybe later tonight?"
"Maybe," Carol said lightly, feeling a little miffed at being so summarily dismissed, "But no promises. My dance card is pretty full these days, Stud. I already promised Bailey I would let him teach me how to blow smoke rings. Amongst other things." Her eyes had a wicked gleam as she deliberately needled Tory. But he just chuckled and rose from the bed, cupping her face fondly in his rough hand before making his way out the door.
What exactly was so urgent about meeting with Adam? thought Carol with annoyance. And why was it more important than sex with her?
...
Ryan compulsively tugged on his goatee as he looked back and forth between Tory and Adam. He didn't know why it had come to this. They had a good thing going with Carol. Hell, even she was having a good time. But once again, two big dumb guys with the self-restraint of kindergarteners had to turn it into a dick-measuring contest.
"Are you fucking kidding me, dude?" asked Adam, cold and furious, his muscles straining as he tightly folded his arms. "Jewelry? The whole point of this is to turn Carol into the frat's house slut. Not for you to get a girlfriend." He laid thick, sarcastic emphasis on the last word like the very concept was laughable.
It actually surprised Ryan that it had taken Adam this long to blow up. For someone as proud and self-centered as Adam, it must be infuriating that Carol exclusively fucked Tory. No doubt Adam had been distracted by his daily blowjobs for a while, but Ryan had known for a while that this confrontation was coming.
"I can buy whatever I want for whoever I want," said Tory stubbornly. "Of course Carol isnt my girlfriend. Buttering her up is part of the plan. If Carol thinks we're trying to force her into sex, she'll start resisting. But If she's happy, she'll be willing to put out more. It's good for everybody." Tory was also to blame for this conflict, thought Ryan. It was easy to argue for the status quo when you had a privileged position, and it was clear that Tory had let his exclusive access to Carol's pussy go to his head.
Adam laughed bitterly. "Better for everyone, or just for you? So far Carol has been 'putting out' nothing but blowjobs for the rest of us, while her gift-giving sugar daddy gets to fuck her sweet little pussy every night."
Tory flushed angrily but kept his voice even as he replied, "Yeah, I meant what I said. It's better for everyone, asshole. I used to be the only one to get blowjobs, remember? And now everyone gets them. I'm breaking down her resistance over time. I won't be the only one fucking her forever."
Adam grinned. Ryan shook his head. He had to hand it to Adam, this is exactly how he told Ryan the conversation would go. "So you agree then, that we should push Carol to have sex with other people?" demanded Adam.
Tory looked taken aback. "Um, well... yeah. At some point," he said, his voice a little reluctant.
"Great," said Adam smugly, "Because Ryan and I have cooked up a little plan for our upcoming Thanksgiving break that will easily accomplish that goal."
Tory didn't look pleased, but he had just said that he agreed with the goal in theory, so he couldn't think up a convincing excuse. Tory had fallen neatly into Adam's trap, and in the process, was about to lose his sweet position as Carol's only sex partner. Ryan felt a little sorry for him, but fair was fair. Besides, Ryan had his own plans for how to have fun with Carol once she spread the love a little.
Ryan sighed in relief as he pulled the planning sketchbook from his backpack. Even though Tory wasn't happy, the confrontation could have easily turned into a physical fight, and that had been avoided. Tory grimaced down at the sketchbook as Adam ran through the plan for Thanksgiving break.
The frat president clearly wasn't happy with the plan for Thanksgiving break, but he had to understand that things wouldn't stay the same forever. Tory himself had said it: it seemed like there were no limits to what they could get Carol to do. Their training wouldn't stop until Carol was a total slut.
And it was past time to push her further down that road.
...
It had been a while since Carol had gotten a message from the divine. Long enough that she had started to believe that her mission was fulfilled. She had done everything the divine had asked of her, becoming submissive and accepting of the tainted male energies of the house, even embodying the Goddess of Sex and Love despite her previous distaste for sex.
Carol had assumed that the place of power was now in balance thanks to her efforts.
She still lit her candles and meditated, but for a month her mirror had remained clear and clean. Today was different. She found her heart pulsing with a mix of anticipation and anxiety as the smoke of her candle stained the mirror.
Every time the divine had given her a mission, it had led to some new, deeper sexual humiliation. She dreaded and, on another level, yearned for whatever the spirits would require of her next.
The image was visible before the words filled in completely. It showed a woman holding up a cornucopia overflowing with fruits. As she waited for the words to become clear beneath the image, Carol tried to puzzle out the meaning of the symbolism. Was she meant to feed others her energy? Nuture them somehow?
After a few more minutes, Carol could finally read the message. "In the season of harvest, Gaia, Mother Earth herself, gives her gifts to all with bottomless generosity and selflessness. Gaia refuses no requests from the people of the earth. In this harvest season, be as giving and selfless as Gaia. Refuse no one, no matter how much they ask of you."
Unlike the last message, Carol understood this one immediately. She wished she didn't.
Up until now, Carol had been careful to draw clear boundaries with the frat boys. True, those lines had shifted over time, but it was important that limits existed, and that Carol controlled them. It ensured that, no matter how slutty Carol got, she was in control of her body and sexuality.
The message was clear. Carol was to offer herself completely to the men of the frat. She had to humbly fulfill any and all requests. And for the frat brothers, that would obviously mean degrading sex acts. The divine wanted her to have no limits at all; to be slavishly obedient to anyone and everyone during the "harvest season".
Carol bit a finger, staring into space as she thought about how far the boys might go if they knew she couldn't say no. Was the divine asking too much from her? The situation felt dangerous. Who knows what one of the horny boys might request from her in the heat of the moment? On the other hand, the sexual danger of the mission was kind of kinky... and Carol was sure that the Divine had a noble reason for giving her this command. Just because Carol couldn't see the reason from her limited perspective didn't mean it was a bad idea for Carol to utterly submit to the sexual whims of the frat. It wasn't possible for The Divine to make a mistake.
How could she give up now when she had already come so far? She was committed to The Divine for the long haul. Besides, the mission was easier than it first appeared. There were just a few days left until Thanksgiving break, then she would be headed home to spend time with her parents. Probably the worst she would have to endure was being an especially dutiful daughter and saying yes whenever her parents asked her to help with the dishes. After Thanksgiving break, it would be fair to say the "harvest season" was over, and she would be in the clear.
She just had to make it a few more days without any of the boys catching on that she had sworn to grant their every desire.
Easy.
...
Carol knelt humbly in front of the seated figure of Adam Ivanic, cursing herself for her weakness.
"You said yesterday was the last time," said Adam smugly. His massive cock towered above Carol's furious, blushing face. "But I think we both knew that was a lie."
God, Carol hated Adam. He was literally what she had pictured when she thought of how bad frat guys could be. A cruel, arrogant, bully... with a big cock. Every time she sucked his dick, Adam insisted on demeaning her and rubbing her pathetic sluttiness in her face. Every time Carol swore that she would never do it again: she just wasn't the type of girl who would allow this kind of degradation.
But despite his terrible personality( or, shamefully, maybe because of it) submitting to Adam felt twisted and wrong and hot in a way no one else could match, not even Tory. The very act of putting herself in the power of a man that she despised; a man who had no respect for her, was arousing by itself.
And that didn't even factor in the size of his cock.
It was huge. Probably too big for many women, Carol would guess. But something about having her lips dominantly stretched by a powerful cock like this fulfilled a primal need in Carol. Every day, she tried to resist going back to Adam, trying to quench her thirst for domination by sucking other cocks, and focusing on her sweet, passionate lovemaking with Tory. But that frustrating need to be truly dominated grew and grew in Carol over time, until she was desperate to feel that humiliating submission to Adam's cock again. And so, despite telling him that she would never give him a blowjob again, Carol came crawling back over and over with shameful need racing through her veins.
For over a week, Adam had used her mouth on a daily basis.
"Fuck you, Adam," Carol said. She intended it to be strong and defiant, but it came out as a weak whisper. She rose on her knees and tried to hurriedly wrap her plump lips around his cock, but Adam grabbed her chin and stopped her. Shit. This was her least favorite part.
"Say it," said Adam with a steely glint in his eyes.
Carol glared up at him with loathing and lust. "Please," she said in a voice thick with shame and arousal, "Please may I suck your superior cock..." Adam continued to stare at her with eager expectation.
"...M-master," the last word was a miserable whisper. It was wrong to call him that. Adam was just another frat boy she played with to purify his male energy. He had no ownership or control over her. None at all. But Adam had been very clear: she had to say those words exactly, or no blowjob for her. And at this point, Carol just wasn't strong enough to resist her desire to suck Adam's cock.
Sometimes she worried what would happen if the rest of the boys realized how Adam treated her behind closed doors... and how much she liked it. The idea of the other boys following Adam's example of brutal dominance made her equally terrified and aroused.
In response to Carol's humiliating request, Adam leaned back in his chair and said "Granted", watching with glee as she began dutifully worshiping his cock. Carol quickly lost her shame and hesitancy as her inner slut took over, flooding her brain with happiness now that she was in her rightful place: sucking cock on her knees.
"I actually have a favor to ask in return today," said Adam as Carol's lips kissed softly up his shaft. She regarded him suspiciously, asking "What do you want, Adam?"
"Last year there was some trouble over Thanksgiving break," explained Adam as Carol buried her face in his balls, sucking and licking them with submissive enthusiasm. "While everybody was gone, some of the rival frats broke into each other's houses and trashed them. We need some people to stay and watch the house just in case it happens again. We drew straws for it. Scooter drew a short straw, but he says he can't do it, and no one else is willing to switch with him."
Carol saw where this was going, and she didn't like it. "Why can't you just lock the place up tight? I doubt any of the other frats hate us enough to trash our house," she said irritably. She felt a bead of sweat forming on her forehead. She didn't even realize how strongly she had come to identify as part of the frat.
Adam just shrugged. "We already decided that four people are going to stay over break. I want you to be one of them. Would you do that for me?"
Carol's mind raced as her lips sealed once again around Adam's cock, her other hand stealing down to rub her throbbing pussy.
This was bad. Carol's entire plan to get through this new mission safely was to escape to her parent's house so she didn't have to agree to any really bad requests. Staying here over break with three boys would make that difficult. Maybe impossible. It would only be a matter of time before one of the boys discovered that she couldn't say no to anything.
But Adam was asking her directly. If she said 'no", then escaping to her parent's house would be pointless: she would have already failed in her mission. The powerful sensation of Adam's massive cock dominating her mouth made it hard to think. She moaned in pleasure and frustration and writhed her hips up into her fingers.
She withdrew Adam's cock from her mouth with a wet pop. "I... I'll think about it," she whimpered.
"Good girl," said Adam with a grin. Then he grabbed her head and guided her back to her job; her true purpose in life: serving her master on her knees.
...
In the end, Carol had no choice She lay back on her bed, desperately trying to think of a way out of the predicament. But her mission from The Divine made things strictly black and white. She would either accept Adam's demand stay over the break, or she would fail in her mission for The Divine.
With a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach. Carol took out her phone and texted Adam.
[If you need another person, I can stay over break.]
There, it was done. Carol had just set herself up for a stressful, risky Thanksgiving break. She hoped she would be able to avoid the three boys that were staying. That wouldn't be easy: Carol was certain that bored frat boys forced to stay over break in a nearly empty house would be especially interested in playing sexual games with her. And if they realized just how helpless and submissive Carol's new mission forced her to be... the thought made twisted, lustful fear lance through Carol's heart.
And shit. She had better call her parents. They were expecting to come pick her up two days from now. Carol began ringing her mom's cell while staring at herself in the mirror above her altar, looking past the smoke that spelled out her obscene mission. She was naked, which was usual for her nowadays. Getting in touch with her mom made the contrast of her former self with the slut in the mirror stark. What would her parents say if they saw how far she had fallen in service of her divine mission?
The uncomfortable feeling of disconnect with her former self intensified when her mother picked up. Carol chatted with her mother while totally nude, as if that was completely normal. She had certainly changed a lot since she had last been home. Carol had been too distracted this fall to keep in touch, and now, she thought, cringing with shame, she was going to have to break it to her parents that she wouldn't be home for Thanksgiving break either.
And she certainly couldn't explain why.
Carol spent some time on small talk with her mom, trying hard to catch up and create a feeling of connection before she broke the bad news. Her phone buzzed against her head. Probably Adam replying. She put her mom on speaker to quickly check what he said.
But it wasn't Adam. Carol lost track of what her mom was saying as she stared with anxious bewilderment at a text from Ryan
[Hi Carol! There's a favor I wanted to ask you... I saw this insanely hot video the other day. I know that you're willing to do all kinds of things with frat boys these days. Maybe you could do this kind of thing for me? If it's too kinky for you, I understand.]
He sent a video link.
What terrible luck that Ryan had a random, kinky request just when Carol couldn't say no. Her mom was telling a boring story about some minor issue she was having at her office job lately. "Wow, mom," said Carol distractedly, "That sucks!" Her belly rioted with squirming arousal as she stared at the video thumbnail. Whatever humiliating video Ryan had found, Carol would have no choice but to reenact it for him, no matter how bad it was...
The thumbnail of the video Ryan had sent showed a woman clad in gauzy blue lingerie that did nothing to hide her massive fake tits or her smooth-shaven pussy. Carol pressed play. The thought if waiting until she was off the phone with her mother didn't even cross her mind.
The woman in the video undulated, her hips rolling in dramatic swaying movements. Her taut belly seemed more liquid than solid. The barely clothed woman was putting on a show for a muscular man seated in a chair, gazing at her with smoldering eyes. Carol watched with sick fascination as the curvy woman approached the man, her stomach and hips still rolling, and began running her hands over his body, teasing him with her hands and rhythmic dance.
Ryan wanted a lap dance. A very physically demanding, deeply intimate personal performance. Carol felt heat pulsing her up from her core. Even now, this wasn't the sort of thing that she did. Sure, she was willing to let a man touch any part of her naked body these days. She was even willing to get to her knees and service any brother bold enough to ask for it. But she didn't need to seduce the boys: she got enough sexual attention without enticing them or putting on a slutty show. Just taking her clothes off was normally more than enough to have them drooling for her. Something about learning an obscene dance to arouse a man seemed even sluttier than agreeing to suck cock when asked.
If she learned an erotic dance to entice and arouse Ryan, it would be like she was so desperate for dick that she was willing to beg for it.
"Uh-huh," said Carol vaguely toward her phone as her mother droned on. Her eyes and attention were absorbed by the video. She watched as the stripper straddled the clothed man, her hips dramatically rolling and tilting as she rubbed her pussy up and down the bulge in his pants. Carol wasn't even sure she could do those movements if she tried... She focused on the mirror and experimentally began thrusting and swiveling her hips. The view of her moist, gyrating pussy revealed that the video wasn't completely repellant to her... it was undeniably turning her on.
"Hello? Carol are you alright?" Carol almost yelped in shock as her mother's voice finally got through to her. "Y-yeah, sorry," she said with a hot blush. "I just spaced out there for a second. What were you saying?"
"I was asking if you wanted me to bring anything down with me when I come to pick you up," said her mother's fond voice.
"Um... about that mom..." Carol tried to concentrate fully on the call, but against her will, her eyes had focused back onto the mirror. She felt like she could almost make her hips move the right way, if she just tried a little harder.
"... There's been a slight change of p-plans."
...
A few days later the house was silent and nearly empty. It was actually a little eerie. Carol was used to finding eager eyes and grasping hands around every corner. She almost missed the excitement, but maybe it meant that this break would be quiet and uneventful.
It was Thanksgiving day: the first full day of the break. Yesterday, most of the frat boys had gone home. Some of them left with reluctant expressions back over their shoulders: it would be a full week before playing with their pet slut again.
That left just four people in the house: Carol, Ryan, Tory, and Adam.
Ryan said that he had volunteered because his parents were on a cruise.
Adam said he didn't get along with his parents and never went home for breaks.
Tory had apparently drawn the short straw along with Scooter, who wasn't able to stay.
It was hard to imagine a worse combination. Ryan, the boy who had just asked her to practice a kinky lapdance for him, plus two boys who consistently pushed her sexuality farther than anyone else. These were the men she would stuck with for a whole week, unable to say no to any of their desires. The thought made her weak in the knees.
Carol considered hiding in her room, but immediately rejected the idea. Her only chance of getting through this week with her dignity intact was pretending that nothing was wrong. If Carol just acted like everything was normal, the boys wouldn't think to ask her for more than what she already allowed them At least, she hoped so.
Carol waltzed down the stairs naked like normal. Her face and body language were casual, but her stomach flipped dizzily. She probably should have realized that her stiff nipples were already giving her away.
As she reached the ground floor, Carol heard the boys banging around in the kitchen for some reason. Despite her caution, Carol wasn't able to contain her curiosity: she had to see what exactly the three boys were up to. Carol froze in the doorway as she entered the kitchen. The three boys were squabbling over some plastic bags of groceries and had hauled out the frat's mismatched collection of old pots and pans.
But, more importantly, all three boys were naked.
Tory smiled as he saw her. "Hey, sleepy head! While you were dreaming, we went out and got some supplies for dinner." His tone was casual, but, as he spoke, his cock slowly began to stiffen and his eyes freely wandered Carol's displayed body.
"Yeah!" agreed Adam, hauling a large turkey up onto the counter. "Why should we skip the holiday just because we're staying here? We're eating good tonight!" His joking words were likewise betrayed by the sight of his cock swelling slowly to its full, monstrous length.
"Why are you guys naked?" asked Carol bluntly, slowly entering the kitchen and keeping a healthy distance between her and the naked trio of frat brothers.
Ryan laughed, sorting through the random pans on the stovetop. "We don't want to have our cocks out around all the brothers all the time, but we three are pretty good friends. We thought since you're naked most of the time nowadays it would be fun for us to join you." As he turned to face her, he revealed that his cock was already rock hard and dripping with desire. Unlike Tory and Adam, she had never seen Ryan's dick before. It was a bit smaller than Tory's but well-shaped all the same.
Carol's eyes darted between the three naked men, their attitudes were casual, but their cocks were rigid with desire. She felt her body responding to the obscene undertones of the scene. She was familiar with penises now, but she only saw them in the context of submissive sexual service.
Carol's body whispered a bone-deep truth: the three men in front of her were primed and ready to dominate her. In response, her body prepared itself for sexual submission. Her heartbeat quickened, her skin flushed, her pupils dilated. She felt her pussy rapidly becoming wet as her nipples tightened and swelled even further. One cock had the power to make Carol aroused these days: three cocks were driving her to new heights of horniness.
Yet, despite their obvious arousal and their lingering eyes on her rapidly overheating body, the boys made no move. They stood discussing Thanksgiving dinner. Who would make what, what to make first... all of the mundane details.
The three men could see that they were obviously turning Carol on with their nudity, but they were ignoring the effect they had on her for reasons Carol didn't understand. They didn't even realize that Carol was more available than she had ever been: thanks to her divine mission, she would willingly accept any command she was given.
Carol's secret weakness and sexual vulnerability made the situation ten times more intense than it would have been otherwise: there was no safety net this time. The situation was fraught with erotic risk.
"You'll help us cook, won't you Carol?" asked Adam, his eyes alight with secretive amusement. "I think all of us could use a woman's touch."
Carol took a deep breath and smiled, doing her best to hide her nerves despite her clear physical arousal. What choice did she have? She had to give of herself freely, just like Mother Gaia did.
"I'd be happy to give you boys a hand!"
...
Carol's day with the three naked men was even worse than she anticipated. It was a slow, steady sexual torment of close brushes between nude bodies, "accidental" contact with strong male hands, and the ever-present image of cocks wherever she looked.
Her body refused to calm down. She stayed continually flustered and horny while she completed the otherwise mundane cooking tasks the boys asked for help with. Carol's overactive libido screamed that, with nude men around, sex could happen at any time, especially considering her humiliating divine directive. And so by the end of the first hour, Carol's nipples were sore with constant stiffness, and she kept having to excuse herself to wipe the evidence of her arousal away from between her legs.
But as Carol slowly became a clumsy, blushing, sopping-wet mess throughout the day, the boys refused to make a move. She had expected to be on her knees with a cock between her lips within minutes, but for hours and hours, nothing happened. Just lingering stares, vague flirty innuendo, and accidental contact. The boys kept up the erotic tension without allowing Carol any catharsis.
There were, however, a few... incidents during the day which proved that, despite their frustrating reluctance to engage with Carol, the boys were just as horny as she was.
While mashing the potatoes, Adam dropped a spoon with a curse and a loud clatter. But a moment later, a sly grin crossed his face, and his eyes flicked to Carol. "Carol, could you help me pick up that spoon?" he asked sweetly. It was an odd request. Adam was standing right over it, after all.
But Carol couldn't refuse.
She walked over with a nervous glance at Adam and knelt to retrieve the spoon. Adam clicked his tongue and beckoned her closer. "Not like that. Don't you know how to pick things up properly?" He pulled her with a firm but gentle hand and turned her around, her back facing him. He whispered in her ear, "Now, bend down and grab me that spoon." Carol shivered at Adams's commanding voice and the position he held her in. She could feel the energy and power of the tall, bulky man behind her. She swore she could almost feel his hard cock radiating heat onto her bare ass.
Tory looked up from the pumpkin pie filling he was mixing. "C'mon, man," he said testily. "We're cooking right now, stop messing with Carol." His hazel eyes were sharp, carrying some additional, unspoken warning.
"I'm not messing around," insisted Adam, "Carol wants to help. Isn't that right, Carol?" She felt overwhelmed by his power, Her desperately aroused body craved this dominant man's attention. Carol weakly nodded.
She bent slowly at the waist, her juicy butt pushing backward. She expected to feel it press against Adam's hard cock at any moment, but it never did. He must have backed up, once again denying Carol the satisfying sexual contact she was beginning to crave. But she could still feel his commanding presence looming above her from behind, his eyes on the ass she was submissively presenting for his inspection.
Carol had only tried doggy style with Tory once before letting him know that she didn't prefer it. She hadn't entirely been telling the truth when she said she disliked it; the sensation of being penetrated from behind had actually been intensely pleasurable. But for some reason, being fucked by someone behind and above her had inspired such deep feelings of inferiority that it had been a little scary.
Adam was in the perfect position to slide his massive cock into her presented pussy, right here in front of the other two boys, dominating her and claiming her for his own. She pictured the brutal erotic image so clearly that she almost felt it happen. It made her mouth dry and her breath shaky. That feeling of utter humility and submission that her doggystyle experiment with Tory made her feel was back, but even more intense: Adam was so cruel and dominant that she knew doggystyle sex with him would feel much more degrading.
Carol squeaked in alarm and desperate anticipation as Adam's strong fingers sunk into her hips from behind, possessively gripping her tight. She knew that he was preparing to pull her back and impale her onto his thick length. She could feel the male power radiating from his penis, less than an inch from her dripping pussy. She instinctively spread her legs wider: despite her distaste for Adam as a man, her body craved him.
She wanted his powerful cock to fill her up more than anything in the world.
"Adam!" said Tory sharply from across the room, his pie-making task forgotten. "Time and place, man."
The tall muscular man behind Carol froze. For a moment, it seemed like he might just ignore Tory's objections and take her pussy anyway. Then, with one last condescending pat, Adam's hands fell away from her hips. Carol let out a humiliating whine of frustration. "Just a little joke babe," said Adam as Carol straightened up, her glasses steamed up and her pussy dripping down her leg. "Tory is making a big deal over nothing, right?"
"R-right," agreed Carol weakly, making her way across the kitchen on trembling legs to help Ryan, who had been watching the entire exchange with a mix of anxiety, lust, and amusement.
Ryan himself had an encounter with Carol just an hour later.
Tory realized that they had forgotten cool whip, and insisted that Adam go with him to the store to buy some. Carol could tell that Tory was insisting so that he could keep an eye on Adam after the incident earlier, and felt a curious mix of relief and sexual frustration as the boys left the house.
Leaving her all alone with Ryan.
For a while, they just spent some time silently working on the cooking tasks that they had been assigned, warily circling each other and stealing tentative glances at each other's naked bodies across the kitchen. The boys' erections had come and gone over the hours spent preparing the meal (Men's bodies just didn't seem to be able to stay right on the edge of horniness like Carol's could). But right now, Ryan's cock stood stiff and proud once again. No doubt he was thinking the same dirty thoughts that were preoccupying Carol. With the two of them left alone, anything might happen.
Finally, Ryan broke the ice. "So tell me," he said with a faint smile. "How is dance practice going?" Carol felt a thrill of excitement. Now here was a topic that might go somewhere interesting...
"It's good," she said, biting her lip and approaching Ryan with a hip-swaying walk. Over the long teasing hours of knowing glances and flirtation, Carol had stopped fearing whatever sexual domination might be in store for her and had started craving it. Of the three boys, Ryan was the weak link. If Carol wanted to tempt one of the boys into relieving her sexual tension, Ryan was the perfect target.
"I'm just having... a little trouble with the hip movements." Carol was now standing right up against Ryan. His gently throbbing cock was just inches from her flushed skin.
"Maybe you could show me how to move..." she suggested in a low, smokey voice. Ryan looked over her shoulder, his head cocked to listen intently. When he was sure they were still alone, he looked back at her with a hungry grin. "Just one quick lesson. I want to be sure you're well-prepared after all."
Then his hands, smoother than Tory's or Adam's, firmly grasped the top of her hips. Carol began gently swiveling them, just as she had seen in the video. "You have to feel it in your knees as well," explained Ryan gently, his hands providing firm pressure to guide her movements, "You can use them to pop your hips up like... yeah! Just like that!" The wild, swiveling motion of her hips and Ryan's guiding hands on her body made it difficult to think of anything other than sex. It looked like Ryan was also having difficulty resisting his animal urges based on his breathing and the clear liquid oozing from his cock. Carol began rolling her belly in lithe, sinuous motions like the woman in the video.
With fierce, hungry eyes, Ryan led her toward a chair. She continued to roll her hips beneath his hands as they went, losing herself to the sinuous movements and the feeling of his guiding hands on her naked skin. Ryan fell back heavily into the chair, keeping his hands fixed in their position.
"Show me," he said, his voice for once confident and demanding. "Show me how you move those hips." She didn't hesitate. She wanted this even more than he did. Carol straddled him, her hips still moving in smooth liquid motions as she positioned her dripping pussy directly above his cock. With a wild grin of satisfaction, she began to lower herself, her thighs quivering with tension and anticipation. With aching slowness, Ryan's cock parted her lips, sliding deep into her slick pussy, stretching and filling her. Ryan took a shuddering breath and nuzzled his face deep between her breasts as his hips started to move...
They both heard the rattle of the lock as the front door opened. Ryan scooted back, withdrawing from Carol's aching pussy and grating the legs of the chair loudly across the kitchen floor. He hastily grabbed a paper towel to dry the pussy juice off his cock, finishing just in time. Adam stalked into the room with a suspicious glare, as though he suspected exactly what was going on. Carol and Ryan froze with guilty looks on their faces, but eventually, Adam seemed satisfied that nothing had happened. Carol wished he was wrong. She had come within an inch of getting fucked and satisfying her sexual cravings.
Tory entered the room right after Adam carrying a tub of cool whip, and the day frustratingly resumed its previous tone: a long slow nightmare of sexual teasing.
As the sun was beginning to set and their meal was almost prepared, Tory cornered Carol outside the bathroom.
Carol didn't even notice he was there before his arms were around her and he was pulling her close. Their naked skin pressed together, creating warm, smooth friction all over their bodies. The sensation was so delicious, and Carol was so on edge, that she moaned into Tory's deep kiss. Carol eagerly pressed herself closer and dropped a hand to grasp Tory's cock. For one sweet moment, he thrust against her hand, welcoming her enthusiastic service. But then he seemed to collect himself and squirmed his hips away from her.
OK, now Carol was starting to feel really annoyed.
"No, sorry Carol," said Tory with a pained smile. "We can't."
"Why not?" snapped Carol irritability. "What the fuck are you boys doing today? And don't say making Thanksgiving dinner, because that's clearly just an excuse to keep me close and tease me. "
Tory ignored the question. Whatever game the three boys were playing, Tory clearly wasn't willing or able to discuss it with her. He brought up a different topic instead: "Carol, listen. If Adam... If he ever pushes you too far, or does something... I don't know, bad... Tell me, ok?"
Carol squirmed out of Tory's arms and turned away, rolling her eyes. "So the pushy frat boy that fucks my mouth wants to save me from the other pushy frat boy that fucks my mouth. My hero," she said sarcastically, her words colored by her irritating sexual tension.
"Carol, I..."
Carol took a deep breath and counted to five. If her mission was to agree to everything, she also had to accept patronizing white-knight requests like this. "Fine," said Carol heavily, already on her way back to the kitchen, "If I ever think Adam is too much for me to handle, I'll let you know."
When they got back to the kitchen, Adam was lifting a perfectly golden-brown turkey from the oven.
"Set the table, ladies and gentlemen," with a jovial smile.
"Dinner is served!"
...
Everything looked delicious. The three boys didn't seem like the type to know how to cook, and Carol had never learned her way around a kitchen, but somehow they had scraped together a full Thanksgiving feast.
But despite that, Carol found that she had very little appetite.
Whatever the boys had been building up to all day was approaching. She could feel it in the air. She could see it in their tense postures. Adam tore at the food ravenously, his eyes never leaving Carol's body. Tory seemed to sensually enjoy every bite, carefully chewing every morsel. Ryan stirred his food around his plate restlessly, clearly a bundle of nerves.
When Carol dropped her fork and went under the table to retrieve it, she wasn't shocked at what she saw. All three boys were hard as a rock, anticipating whatever was coming next...
All three boys were completely focused on her, but they still made no move throughout the dinner. An underlying current of anticipation buzzed and crackled through every word of their jokes and small talk. Carol could feel it, burning in her blood like a fever: the long slow build-up of sexual energy between the four was reaching a crescendo.
Finally, even though they had teased her all day, it seemed like even the boys had had enough. Ryan set down his fork and said "Well Tory. Adam. Carol has been practicing a special dance for me. I thought we could have her show us as a little after-dinner entertainment." Carol's heart was in her throat. She had known from the beginning that she would have to give Ryan his personal dance at some point, but she had never expected that he would want it in front of the two other boys.
"Right here?" asked Carol in disbelief.
"You've practiced so hard," said Ryan in a voice thick with lust. "Don't you want to show off how good you've gotten?" Carol looked at the two other boys, half expecting them to object to Ryan's kinky exhibitionist suggestion. They said nothing, both simply watching Carol's flustered state with amused interest. Carol tried to calm down. She wasn't sure how she felt about doing something this sexual in public. She was naked in front of groups frequently these days, and frat boys groped and sucked her tits in front of each other all the time. But when it came to outright sex acts like blowjobs, so far she had always done them in private. Or at least behind a door. But now Ryan wanted her to show off an erotic grind-heavy dance in front of other naked men. It felt exciting and taboo, but also alarmingly demeaning. Whatever. She could survive one little dance.
And, more importantly, her body yearned for whatever her erotic dance might lead to.
Carol rose and stepped back from the table, taking a deep breath and clasping her hands above her head. Then, she began to swirl her hips and roll her belly, doing her best to recreate the stripper's dance Ryan had shown her in the video. The three boys looked on, mouths open, eyes wide, cocks stiff.
Carol had practiced this dance over and over again in the mirror since Ryan had asked her, determined to succeed at her divine mission. She approached Ryan with a slow swaying walk, running her arms up and down her body and through her hair, closing her eyes in apparent ecstasy. Finally, she halted her progress, standing above Ryan who looked up at her swaying nude form with desperate hunger echoing what Carol had been feeling all day. Carol felt her overwhelming arousal roar through her gyrating body as she swung her thick thigh over Ryan's lap for the second time that day, sending feminine lubrication dripping down onto his crotch.
Just as Carol was about to start the lap dance, she heard a chair grating across the dining room floor. Adam was pushing himself away from the table. He gave Carol and Ryan a hard grin and patted his lap. "Over here, Carol, I want you to show me your dance first."
Carol looked down at Ryan in confusion. He was the one who had requested she learn this dance in the first place. The arrogance of Adam demanding to receive the lap dance instead was so stunning it almost took her breath away.
"Don't look at Ryan, look at me," said Adam in a voice with just a hint of iron in it. "He's fine with it, aren't you buddy?" Ryan looked at Adam, breaking eye contact with Carol, and gulped. Not quite managing to hide his look of disappointed frustration, Ryan said "S-sure Adam." In a cracked voice.
Carol hesitated a moment, but when she locked eyes with Adam, she saw the dark, controlling passion there that always made her feel weak, and her resistance crumbled. Just like it always did for Adam. Carol swung herself off of Ryan's lap, leaving the poor frat boy there by himself, splattered with the juices of her arousal, but denied the touch of her pussy. With her heart pounding, Carol turned toward Adam instead and began moving toward him with her same practiced hip-rolling sway. Her tangled feelings of distaste and lust for the tall dark frat boy made her steps more hesitant, and her previous sexy sashay became something much more shy and demure, without losing an ounce of its eroticism.
Carol saw the truth in Adam's eyes. She wasn't sure about the other two boys, but Adam knew. He had read her utter submission in her eyes, and he knew that she was his to command. At this point, she could only feel a sort of twisted joy at her impending domination.
Carol reached Adam and trailed a single finger across his naked, chisled chest as she circled him. Adam's body was beautiful. Big, tall, broad-shouldered, and muscular. An image of masculine power. Her palm whispered over his firm chest and bulging arms, but her eyes were drawn like a magnet to his cock, standing up tall and proud between his legs. Tory was big, but Adam was massive, and his cock did something to Carol that she wished she could explain. Looking at it made her drool, metaphorically and sometimes literally. She wanted to touch it, to taste it.
She wanted it inside her.
The thought caused an absurd stab of guilt. That was silly of course. She was currently only fucking Tory, but that wasn't because they were any sort of couple. Their frenzied sex was strictly for ritual purposes. She had also technically fucked Ryan earlier that day... although his brief moment of penetration barely counted in her opinion. Craving Adam's cock still felt wrong somehow... but Carol was learning more and more that sometimes it felt really good to do the "wrong" thing.
With her heart filled with the same old overwhelming feeling of degradation and arousal that Adam always inspired in her, Carol swung one shapely leg over Adam's lap. His thighs felt like iron against her legs; all stiff corded muscle. His massive cock stuck up almost to her pussy, throbbing slightly with lust.
Carol felt her pulse running through her body in a wild rhythm. There would be no going back once she started the next part of the lapdance. She knew that Adam wanted to own and dominate her completely, and after her long day of sexual tension, she wouldn't be able to resist him. There was only one way this dance could end. Adam and Carol were about to fuck.
Carol glanced over at Ryan and Tory before taking the sickening, fascinating plunge. Ryan looked at her straddling Adam with undisguised jealousy. Carol couldn't blame him: the dance he had requested had been stolen before his eyes. Tory just stared at the scene with a sick fascination bordering on panic.
But neither boy said anything, and both of them were just as hard as Adam, if not harder.
Carol looked down, her breath now coming in hot, ragged gasps. In the video, the man in the chair was clothed. This next part of the dance would be utterly obscene with a naked man.
Carol lowered her hips slowly, crushing Adam's hard cock between her soaking pussy and his belly, then with aching slowness, she dragged her juicy cunt up the length of his shaft, leaving a smear of gooey female lubrication as she went. She continued to roll her hips, throwing her arms around Adam's neck for balance as she ground her throbbing sex against Adam's hard cock.
Carol let out a trembling whimper, feeling the hard shaft of Adam's cock grind against her slick clit as her parted lips stroked him back and forth, following the rolling rhythm of the dance. Unlike Ryan and the man in the video, Adam was unwilling to sit back and passively accept Carol's worshipful display. His hands rose confidently to grasp and rub Carol's tender breasts as she continued her obscene dance. Carol gasped as Adam's rough fingers pinched and pulled at her stiff, aching nipples, making them toys for his sexual amusement.
Adam's eyes made the humiliating, subservient lap dance even worse. His green gaze was mocking and lustful and possessive all at once, and finally, Carol was forced to close her eyes so that she couldn't see his expression anymore. She focused on the sensations roaring through her. It felt intensely humbling whenever she held Adam's cock in her mouth, but worshipping it with her hips and pussy was much worse. The slimy, hot friction between her legs and the shame of committing this degrading sex act in front of an audience combined into a powerful feeling bubbling up from her core. It almost felt like she belonged to Adam. Like she was his plaything...
Grunts and moans rose from Carol's lips, sounding lustful, but also whiny and frustrated. She pressed her sloppy pussy harder against Adam's thick shaft as he looked on with a smug sneer, unmoving, forcing Carol to do all the work. Carol couldn't even pretend not to want his dick anymore: she ground herself against Adam's superior cock with shameful need.
Finally, Adam rose, lifting her little body effortlessly. With one swipe of his powerful arm, Adam cleared a space on the Thanksgiving table, sending dishes and pans clattering to the floor. Carol's heart was in her throat as Adam's powerful hand bent her forward, just like she had done to retrieve the spoon earlier this afternoon. But this time he didn't back up. His fingers sunk deep into her squishy hips, and she could feel his burning hot shaft, still slick with her love juices, pressing against her ass. Carol's upper body pressed down hard into the dining room table, her tits crushing up against the wood. For one moment, she looked across the table to Tory, who was sitting with a stunned look on his face. She nearly smirked when she saw that his cock was in his hand. It looked like she wasn't the only one who found this situation hot.
But her attention was pulled back to the strong man standing dominantly behind her as she felt him positioning his cock at the entrance of her pussy. There was no taunting from Adam this time. His lust had gone beyond words. And, Divine help her, Carol wanted it just as bad as he did. Once again her thighs spread wider unconsciously as her body prepared to welcome the cock of the man who had owned her slutty mouth for weeks.
Carol cried out as Adam's cock slid inside her, stretching her pussy in ways Tory never had. Adam had none of Tory's patience or tenderness either. He immediately set a punishing, jackhammering rhythm, pulling Carol's thick hips back into him as he thrust powerfully forward into her body.
Carol let out a series of wordless, shaky moans. She knew after trying doggystyle with Tory that fucking Adam this way might feel degrading, but she still hadn't been prepared for how deeply this submissive position would affect her mentally. She felt degraded, owned, and conquered by the powerful man hulking above her from behind. It was like she was using her as a tool to masturbate his cock. And worst of all, the horrible feeling turned Carol on in ways she had never experienced before.
The table shook and plates clattered as Adam's strong cock thrust Carol against it. Carol's long day of sexual torment left her trembling on the edge of orgasm, and even though Adam was using and exploiting her pussy selfishly for his own pleasure, Carol was already fucking close. She began using the hip movement techniques from her dance to gyrate and grind her pussy back onto Adam's cock, making him grunt in pleasure and grip her hips tighter, pleased at her dedication to serving his cock.
With Carol's new riding techniques squeezing and milking his cock, Adam was soon right at the edge of orgasm as well, roaring in aggressive lust as he brutally pounded Carol into the table, claiming her as his own in front of the other two boys. Adam was clearly the top dog here tonight, fucking Carol first while the other boys were forced to wait and watch.
Carol frantically slammed her soft butt back into Adam's hips, joyfully participating in her own domination by Adam's massive cock. With a sudden tensing of his muscles, Adam grunted and thrust forward powerfully, spraying a thick hot load deeply into Carol's pussy. As she felt his hot, twitching release inside her, Carol moaned and trembled, swiveling her hips back against him, enjoying their simultaneous climax.
Carol slumped forward onto the dining table, feeling Adam's seed drip down her thighs as he withdrew. Adam moved back to sit in his chair as all three boys stared at the exhausted, well-fucked slut, collapsed over the table between them. Tory and Ryan were still pumping their cocks vigorously in their hands as Carol gasped and shuddered through the last of her orgasm, the convulsions of her pussy expelling more of Adam's cum to slide down her legs.
"Well!" said Adam cheerfully, "I think our little pet needs a little more love after her long horny day. Who's next?" Carol turned her sweaty, shame-reddened face to the two other boys, her eager arousal rising again to drown out her humiliation.
Tory hesitated, his eyes focusing on the messy load of jizz Adam had left behind. But Ryan was too horny to care, leaping up from his chair to replace Adam behind Carol.
Ryan pulled Carol away from the table as he slid his cock into her used pussy, compulsively running his hands up her body from behind to feel her tits as he fucked her. His hot, panting mouth was on her neck as he thrust in and out, kissing and sucking hard enough to leave marks. His cock was smaller than Adam's, but Carol's body heated up as she felt his manic, jealous passion for her in the straining of his hips. Her pussy made loud wet sounds as they writhed together. Ryan was fucking her while she was filled with another man's sperm. She was such a fucking slut... and in this moment, that fact just made her hornier.
All of a sudden, she realized that Tory had joined them. He was standing in front of her, and as she looked up, their eyes met with a flash of sparking energy. Carol read lust there on the surface but beneath that there was envy, affection, and even a little pain. Even gripped by her sexual fever, Carol's heart went out to him. She raised her hands and pulled Tory in for a tender kiss, saying without words that she wanted him too; that she had more than enough gifts to share, just like Mother Earth herself. Their tongues gently danced while Ryan crushed her breasts between them, still rapidly thrusting into her from behind.
Tory's eyes had regained some of their boyish mischief as he pulled back, and his lips pulled up into a smirk as he pushed down on Carol's shoulders, forcing her into a physically demanding bent-at-the-waist position. Carol giggled loopily as she realized where Tory was going with this. Well, if she was going to have a threesome, she might as well go all out, right?
Up until a month ago, Carol had refused to even consider vaginal sex. Now she had graduated to full-on spit-roasting. Ryan slowed his pace slightly to allow Carol to wrap her lips around Tory's cock, and then it was happening. She was being gangbanged. Something that only happened to the filthiest of sluts. But she had no choice. If she had become a debased slut, it was the will of the Divine. Despite her shame at how her body was being used, Carol couldn't help but feel a pleasant sense that she was the center of attention. She split her attention between the cock thrusting wildly into her sloppy pussy and the cock exploring her moaning mouth. Two different flavors of sexual experience blending together like chocolate and peanut butter.
She could get used to this.
After the sexual teasing games of the day, all three of them were on edge. Carol choked out cries of ecstasy around Tory's cock as this new sexual humiliation pushed her into her second orgasm of the evening. Her pussy swiveled and ground back eagerly against Ryan's pumping cock, seeking a second creampie. Ryan burst just seconds afterward, apparently sent over the edge by the sight of Carol's slutty orgasm. Carol felt a deep, primal satisfaction as another flood of hot, sticky warmth filled her and fresh trails of cum worked their way down her thighs.
That left Tory. Feeling warm and fuzzy and happy from her deep release, Carol turned all of her attention to her black sun, sucking his cock deep into her mouth and swirling her tongue. She wanted to do something special for him and let him know that just because he was the last she got off, didn't make him least in her eyes. Tory would get something the other two didn't: a little dirty talk and the sight of her eagerly swallowing his seed. Tory looked down at Carol, her face serene and beautiful, the semen of his frat brothers leaking down her legs. She beamed up at him and said, "I want your cum, Stud. Give it to me. Make me swallow it."
He couldn't refuse. Tory grunted, releasing his orgasm into Carol's hot little mouth as she looked up with soft, affectionate eyes. He watched as her delicate throat worked to swallow his thick cum, then she stuck out her tongue with a smile to prove her task was done.
Adam stalked forward, breaking the moment by pushing Tory slowly but firmly out of the way. With a cruel smirk, the tall dark frat boy took his still-oozing cock in hand and slowly and deliberately wiped it off onto Carol's wincing face.
"For the rest of the break, you belong to us. You're our obedient little sex pet. The word "no" isn't in your vocabulary. Understand?"
Carol looked up at Tory and Ryan. They didn't speak, but their eyes had the same hungry lust as Adam's. Carol looked back into Adam's gloating face, feeling his semen slowly flowing out of her conquered pussy.
"Yes, Master."
The title no longer felt inappropriate.
...
The three, excited, horny frat brothers used Carol's body for hours that night, fucking her in groups and individually, experimenting and playing with her body like they owned it.
Which, in many ways, they did.
Finally, in the early hours of the morning, Carol stumbled to the shower to rinse off the sticky layer of jizz covering her body, then went upstairs and collapsed into bed.
But unfortunately, Carol had to be up earlier than the three boys the next morning.
Before they went to bed, the boys had made a sort of schedule for when each man would be allowed to spend one-on-one time with her, dominating her exclusively. It made sense, in a twisted sort of way: group sex was fun, but each of the boys wanted to dominate Carol in their own way, and this way their demands wouldn't conflict with each other. Hopefully, it would keep these testosterone-filled boys from fighting over her like they almost had on Halloween night.
On this Friday morning, it was Ryan's turn. Carol had to admit that she was curious what he had planned. Ryan just didn't seem like the dominant type. She could imagine Tory and Adam dominating her easily, but her mind drew a blank when she considered what Ryan might have in store for her. Later this afternoon it was Adam's turn. She shuddered to think what he might be planning: Adam had always been a bullying asshole even when she was able to say 'no'. A step further from his normal behavior sounded concerningly dangerous and erotic.
But before Ryan had his turn, Carol had been given a humiliating daily task last night, and the boys had made it clear that they expected her to start this morning
Carol cracked open the door to Adam's room with a soft creak, hoping that she would see him already awake, eliminating the need for her subservient task.
No such luck. Adam lay dreaming on his back, eyes closed and eyebrows furrowed in his sleep, his sheets tangled around him. Carol slipped into the room and approached him, carefully planting her feet to avoid tripping over his discarded clothes. Adam had told her in no uncertain terms that she would be punished if he woke up before she started, and she didn't want to experience what Adam considered a punishment.
She made it to his bed with no issues. Adam's muscular chest still rose and fell slowly in the rhythm of deep sleep. Carol eased herself on the mattress, her eyes focused on Adam, watching for any signs of disturbance. Then she carefully lifted the sheet off of his body, exposing his nudity and the semi-erect cock laying dormant on his belly.
Carol carefully got down onto her elbows over Adam's lap and sucked his huge cock into her mouth, gently swirling her tongue around its head as she cursed the humiliating position that the Divine had forced her into this time. Now Adam stirred fitfully, his penis stiffening in Carol's mouth from the stimulation even before he was awake.
With a pleased groan, Adam finally opened his eyes, looking down with a sleepy grin at the naked woman who obediently crouched over his cock, servicing it with her mouth. "Well if it isn't my pretty little human alarm clock," he said with a hoarse, half-asleep voice, stretching his limbs luxuriously as Carol humbly continued her new daily responsibility. "It sure as hell beats a phone alarm." Adam sat up and not too gently brushed Carol away. "I'm not interested in cumming right now, Carol. I want to save everything up for my turn later today. You had better go give the other two boys their wake-up call before they get up on their own."
Tory was next. Carol didn't feel the need to be as careful in his case. There had been a few times so far that they had accidentally fallen asleep in each other's beds after a late-night "energy exchange" session, so she knew that Tory slept like a log. But he also slept on his side, so Carol was forced to awkwardly nestle in beside him to reach his cock.
Just as she thought, it took a lot to wake him. For a while, as his cock hardened against her expert tongue and lips, Tory just moaned in his sleep, his hips pulsing forward gently, thrusting unconsciously into the delicious pleasure of Carol's mouth. Finally, as his balls tightened against his shaft for imminent ejaculation, he woke with a gasp, compulsively pulling Carol's head closer as he came in her mouth. Carol envied him a little: waking up with an orgasm sounded like a fantastic way to start the day. Well, Tory seemed to love reciprocating when it came to oral sex... maybe after Carol had finished being a submissive fuck toy for the week, she could convince Torh to try out being an alarm clock for her once or twice.
Tory flopped onto his back with a sunny smile. "Morning beautiful!" he said, pulling Carol close, maximizing her skin contact with his warm naked body. "Ready for a fun week?"
Carol raised an eyebrow but allowed herself to be held for a moment, even snuggling herself up against Tory's chest. "Fun for who, exactly?" she asked archly. "I think my perspective as a sex slave might be a little different than yours."
Tory shrugged with the faintest hint of discomfort on his face. "Well, I can't speak for the other guys, but I tried to plan something for us you will genuinely find fun. Too bad I drew the short straw for the turn order. You'll find out tomorrow morning."
"Speaking of morning..." said Carol, disentangling herself from Tory's strong arms, "Ryan still needs his alarm." Tory groaned but didn't push her to stay. He had to respect the rules that the three brothers had agreed to, and the most important rule was 'no hogging the slut'.
A quick walk brought Carol to Ryan's room. She could tell immediately as she opened the door: Ryan was pretending to be asleep. Like a little kid waiting for Santa Claus.
Carol almost told him to open his eyes, but, as silly as his act was, Ryan was really doing her a favor. Carol was supposed to be the one to wake the brothers up, and by pretending to be asleep, Ryan was sparing Carol from an embarrassing punishment. Trying not to roll her eyes, Carol crossed the room, stripped away his bedsheets, and began sucking Ryan's dick without hesitation.
With the need to pretend gone, Ryan's eyes flew open, beaming at her with barely concealed excitement. He let Carol continue sucking for a while, staring down at her with a look of boyish anticipation, letting the tension build in Carol's heart. This was the man who would have Carol under his complete control for a few hours... What exactly did he have planned for her?
Finally, Ryan stopped her and swung his legs out of bed, waving for her to follow him. "Come on Carol," he said, grabbing a professional-looking camera off his desk, "Time to do something nice for all the poor frat brothers who couldn't be here this week."
...
"A little wider," said Ryan sharply, peering intently at the digital camera screen. Carol dutifully spread her thighs even wider, thrusting her glistening pussy toward the watching camera lens. "Adjust your hair on the left side. Perfect. Now for the final touch. Reach between your legs and spread yourself open. Great, show everything to the camera. We want Dave to go nuts when he sees this."
With a burning blush on her cheeks, Carol reached between her legs to expose herself fully to the shiny black eye of the camera.
Carol had been expecting a non-stop barrage of filthy, demeaning sex when the boys got her alone, but it seemed like Ryan had something much more... psychological in mind.
Ryan had set up a makeshift photo studio in the living room. As the 'artistic brother', he thought it would be fun to do a little art project with Carol. Carol would be making a personalized message for each frat boy who had gone home for break, featuring professional-quality, raunchy nudes.
"Now give me a smoldering look. Really eye-fuck the camera. Perfect, you're a natural at being slutty, you know that Carol?"
*Click*
The camera flash temporarily blinded Carol. When she finished blinking to clear her eyes, Ryan had moved to the attached laptop, applying some filters and lighting effects before he sent it off to Dave from Carol's phone.
"What caption should we send to our friend Dave with this?" he said, looking up from Carol's phone with a grin. "I'm thinking, 'Wish you were here'."
"Well, um, Ryan," said Carol nervously, closing her thighs They were already shiny with her arousal, even though Ryan hadn't touched her at all. Something about making slutty pictures for the boys that played with her body was arousing her on a deep level. Carol unconsciously slipped a hand down to cup her dripping pussy, as if she could somehow shield it from sight despite just displaying it to the camera."I d-don't want Dave to get the wrong idea. If we send that, he'll think that I am inviting him to fuck me."
Ryan focused his full attention on Carol for a moment, his gaze amused. "But isn't that exactly what you want? You've subconsciously wanted to fuck all the frat boys for a while now, Carol. We can all tell."
Carol shook her head vehemently, but suddenly she was too tongue-tied to respond. That wasn't true! Dave was just an average frat boy, neither her favorite or her least favorite. If she wanted to fuck Dave, it would mean she wanted to fuck all of the frat boys. The idea was dizzying. Being the sexual plaything of a whole houseful of men... her pussy becoming their free-use relief tool... It was an awful, horrifying, burningly erotic thought.
And sending out these photos would bring it one step closer to becoming reality.
Ryan watched the emotions play out of Carol's face with a smirk. "So... 'wish you were here'... sounds good?"
Carol couldn't look him in the eyes as she stiffly nodded her head.
"Let's do one for Bailey next, " said Ryan, returning to the camera. "Let's see, what haven't we done yet... what about a really teasing one? Show less to show more. Keep that hand between your legs, it's perfect: innocent but erotic at the same time. Cross the other arm over your tits... no, press a little harder to make them squish out on the top and bottom a little. Now cock your hip, really let him see the curve of your ass. Just like that. Now give the camera a knowing smirk: like you know the bad boy on the other side of the screen wants to see more, and he just might get to later."
*Click*
The camera went off, and Ryan hurried over to edit the photo.
"What do we want as a caption? What about, "I'll show you more next time we're together"? suggested Ryan.
Carol nodded distractedly, wondering how many pictures they had left to take. When Ryan spoke next it was almost too soft to hear:
"Oops."
Carol looked up sharply. "Oops? Why oops, Ryan?" she asked, getting up from the bench Ryan had set up for her to pose on. Panic began to wind tighter and tighter in her chest as Ryan failed to respond. His eyes were darting over the screen of her phone, but he didn't speak.
"Ryan. Why. Oops?" asked Carol insistently. The kinds of mistakes Ryan could make while sending naked photos on her phone were almost too catastrophic to contemplate.
Ryan looked up with a sheepish grin. "Uhhh, who's Brady, Carol? He might have just gotten a picture he wasn't expecting."
"You didn't!" cried Carol in horror, her stomach tying in knots of anxiety as she snatched her phone from Ryan's hands. She opened up her text history with Brady, ignoring all of the notifications from the horny frat brothers responding to her slutty pictures. She was already preparing to send an abject apology and beg Brady to delete the photo...
But there was nothing there. The last message in the chat was from when Brady had messaged her this past summer.
"No, I didn't," admitted Ryan with a snicker, "But you should have seen your face when you thought I had. Now I'm even more curious about this Brady. Who is he?"
"No one. Just a friend from high school," sighed Carol, going limp with relief.
Ryan tsked at her, shaking a finger. "There's more to it than that, Carol. Why was the idea of sending him this photo so scary?"
Carol really didn't want to answer, but she wasn't allowed to resist this week. "He... he asked me out in high school, but I said no. I told him..."
"You told him that you had no interest in sex," guessed Ryan with a chuckle.
Carol nodded miserably.
"So a boudoir photo of your naked body with a kinky caption would be hard to explain," said Ryan with amused understanding.
"Y-yeah," said Carol shakily.
Suddenly Ryan was behind her, and his arms were snaking around her body. He whispered in her ear, his breath hot and ticklish: "Wouldn't it be kind of hot to send him the picture for real though? To show him how much of a slut you've become?"
Carol shook her head, denying Ryan's twisted suggestion and the twinge of lust that pulsed through her body at Ryan's words. "No Ryan," she said with a decisiveness that she didn't quite feel. "It wouldn't be hot, it would be fucked up. Brady is a nice guy. He doesn't deserve to be... taunted like that!"
Ryan chuckled, low and rich in her ear. Carol had always thought that Ryan was innocent compared to the other frat brothers. But now she saw the truth; Ryan's desires were as dirty as the other boys, they were just less physical. "Oh please, Carol," he said in a voice voice dripping with arousal and amusement, " We both know that something can be fucked up AND hot. You should know that better than anyone."
Carol could feel Ryan's cock pressing hot and hard against her butt. He reached down to her phone, still held in front of her, and selected 'send a photo', then selected the image of her teasingly hidden nude body. It hovered in the chat window, ready to be sent with the press of a button.
"Think about it, Carol... Letting poor nice Brady know that you were wrong: It's not that you didn't want sex, it's just that he wasn't man enough to turn you on. Letting him know that you're now a sex slave to a house full of frat boys... and that was more attractive to you than dating him." The words sent a stomach-churning flood of sick warmth through Carol's belly. She tried desperately and unsuccessfully to force her body to stop getting turned on by Ryan's poisonous words.
"I bet he would be just crushed," continued the whisper in her ear, "But I bet it would make his little nice-guy boner stiff as well. Wimpy guys like your friend all get turned on by their own inadequacy. If you tell him, he'll rub himself raw to the terrible erotic thought: if he had just been a better man, your sweet pussy could have been all his."
Carol's nipples throbbed with painful stiffness. She didn't know what was wrong with her: she wasn't some evil slutty bitch that would get off on sexually humiliating her former friend. Ryan was just confusing her. She looked down at the screen of her phone. The photo that would drive poor Brady crazy with frustrated, jealous lust sat there, one button away from delivering its devastating, demeaning message to her high school bestie.
...If Ryan told her to send it, there was nothing she could do, she thought in a fevered, lustful haze. Her thumb hovered over the "send" button.
"Are you ordering me to send it?" she asked in a whisper made rough with repressed arousal.
Ryan laughed softly. "No. But I am ordering you to think about it." Steeling herself, Carol pressed the red "x" to dismiss the photo, breathing a shaky sigh of relief.
Ryan withdrew, his excited cock leaving a slimy wet spot on her ass. "Let's save that photo just for Brady, you know, in case you change your mind about fulfilling his pathetic wet dreams. I think it's perfect for your rejected buddy: showing that you're naked while hiding anything good. God, those mocking eyes. I think it would make him cry AND jerk off."
Carol shot Ryan an annoyed glare. She had made up her mind, she would never send her sweet friend Brady a photo like that. Ever.
But Ryan had ordered her to think about it. And even if he hadn't, Carol had the feeling that she would be obsessing over the twisted, erotic idea of humiliating poor Brady all day...
"We'll finish the rest of the photos another time," said Ryan, sitting in his chair and leaning back with a look of anticipation. "Adam interrupted us last night, but I still want that lap dance you promised me. Just like you gave it to Adam."
With a sultry smile, Carol began rolling her hips in liquid movements once again, prowling towards Ryan, who was grinning from ear to ear.
This was something Carol was more comfortable with. She would finally get the chance to work the horny energy Ryan's teasing had lit in her belly.
...
Despite his turn being directly after lunch, Adam didn't join the other three for the meal. It made Carol more and more nervous as time went on, until finally, she was done eating and there was just one option left.
She had to go find Adam.
Ryan had surprised her with how kinky his turn had been, and Carol couldn't help but suspect that Adam had something much more intense planned for her. He had always been the most dominant of the three after all.
As she entered his room, she saw Adam waiting for her, sitting in his desk chair and watching the door with his luminous green eyes. He had some sort of leather strap in his hand, which made an odd jangling sound as he twirled and played with it.
Adam didn't greet her or even change his expression. He simply said "Kneel" in a flat, emotionless voice, his bright eyes crawling all over her body with a faint look of possessive pride.
Carol fell to her knees in front of Adam with her heart in her throat, looking up at him with wide intimidated eyes even as she felt her body preparing eagerly for its domination.
Adam tossed the leather strap he was holding to the ground in front of Carol with a jingle. She looked down to see a black leather dog collar. The bone-shaped dog tag in the front read "Carol".
"Put it on," said Adam, his eyes boring into Carol and his mouth beginning to pull up into a smirk.
"Adam..." gasped Carol, an expression of disbelief on her face, "You can't be serious!"
Adam slowly rose. His cock looked long and hard and dangerous in the dim light of his room. He moved forward to stand above Carol, his massive cock blocking out her light completely. "Put the collar on, Carol," he said. His voice held no anger, but was deep and cold and iron-hard.
Carol felt that powerless, submissive, erotic feeling welling up inside her. The weakness that she always felt when Adam gave her his insulting commands. She felt the power of Adam's muscular body above her weak, kneeling form like it was a physical weight.
Carol looked down at the demeaning, ridiculous dog collar that Adam had chosen for her. Its intended message was obvious: a symbol of her inferiority and defeat. Carol's nipples crinkled and stiffened as she looked at the dog collar. A warm flood of blood pulsed rapidly through her body. Why did her stupid body respond like this to the objectively horrible way this arrogant prick treated her?
What choice did she have? Carol was bound by her mission for the divine. She tried to ignore the voice inside her that whispered the truth: even if she hadn't been forced to obey, Carol had never been very good at saying "no" to Adam. Her eyes downcast in shame, Carol's fingers wrapped around the collar, raising it to her slender neck.
Adam circled her like a wolf, watching from every angle as Carol participated in her own degradation.
"Those other boys think that the point of this week is for us to share you. I bet you thought the same thing. But you're all wrong. This week I'm going to claim you as mine. I'm going to turn you into my personal submissive sex toy. That's the true purpose of this week. That's why I fucked you first last night while those two pussies had to watch and jerk off. This week is about me and you, not those two losers."
Adam returned to his position standing above her just as Carol finished strapping on the collar. The tight feel of leather around her neck deepened her already intense erotic humiliation. Adam reached down and snagged the dog tag in his fingers, pulling Carol up onto her knees and forcing her to look into his eyes. "That's why you're going to wear this for the rest of the week. Especially when you're with Tory and Ryan. So that you know, even when those two little boys play their immature games with you, that you're still your real master's bitch."
His burning, merciless gaze held her eyes for a few silent seconds before he released his grip on her collar and let her slump to the ground. "Now bow," he said in a steely voice.
"B-bow?" whimpered Carol. She hated how weak and inferior she felt right now, but on some deeper level, her body craved this subjugation. She was beginning to worry that she would create a wet spot on Adam's carpet.
"That's my good girl," said Adam mockingly. "You're starting to sound like a puppy already! You heard me. I want that smug face and those pretty little tits squished against the ground. Now."
Carol had no choice but to obey. She bowed low, pressing her face and chest into Adam's carpet while her hips remained raised. Although she could no longer see him, she felt Adam circling behind her again. He began to speak again as he rifled through a drawer, almost as if he was talking to himself.
"Tory thought he was so smooth, taking your pussy like that," Carol jumped slightly as Adam slammed the drawer. "But everyone knows that a woman isn't fully conquered..."
Carol could feel a thick, cool goo drip onto her exposed, upturned asshole.
"... until you convince her to do anal."
The words sent a thrill of fear through Carol's heart. Anal play was something she had never even considered before. She knew academically, of course, that some people liked that kind of thing, but she couldn't really picture how it could be pleasurable.
But if her master wanted her ass, she had to be as giving as Mother Gaia...She just hoped that she could discover some sort of pleasure in Adam's anal play, because it would happen either way.
"Don't worry, my sweet little bitch," crooned Adam, gently working the lubrication into Carol's twitching asshole with his thumb. "I'm not just going to force my way in. It's not my intention to break you. This is all part of my plan to make you mine, and I don't break my toys. Anal sex can be humiliating, but it can also be addictive."
A spanked her ass lightly and said "By next week you'll be coming to my room to beg me to fuck your butt. You'll start skipping meetings with the little loverboy who fucks your pussy, because it just doesn't feel as good as having your ass reamed out by your master. That's how we'll know that you're really mine."
Adam ran some sort of cool cone-shaped object in tight circles around Carol's virgin anus. "So consider this week a crash course in anal pleasure. Lesson one: learning to love the feeling of a full ass." Adam pressed the sex toy against her butthole with slow, but mounting pressure, causing her to groan into his carpet with a mixture of shame, pain, and arousal. Finally, it popped inside, its t-shaped base catching on the tight ring of her anus.
For the first time in Carol's life, something had been stuck inside her butt. The strange feeling of her ass being filled and held open by a foreign object was confusing, but not completely unpleasant. As she tried to adjust, she felt Adam positioning himself behind her, teasing the swollen lips of her pussy with his massive cock briefly before slipping inside. Carol gasped, her back arching powerfully as she once again felt the submissive sensation of being fucked from behind by Adam's massive cock, this time with the extra, humiliating twist of wearing a buttplug at his command.
This time, as Adam pushed Carol down into the ground with long powerful thrusts, he used a hand to lightly tug and twist the butt plug, sending constant shockwaves of sensation wracking her body from her anus. "I told you this was a crash course, Carol," grunted Adam, plunging into her pussy with deep, powerful strokes as he relentlessly teased her ass. "Lesson two: learn to associate anal play with sexual pleasure."
Carol gasped and moaned, her hands scrabbling uselessly on Adam's carpet, looking for something to hold onto, trying to avoid losing herself in the tidal wave of submissive pleasure assaulting her senses. With each stroke, Adam tugged or twisted or rocked the toy lodged in her butt, creating a feeling that should have been painful, but instead seemed to harmonize perfectly with the rough treatment that Adam was giving her pussy.
"Luckily, it seems like you're a fast learner," said Adam smugly. "Now cum, I want you to feel what it's like to orgasm with your ass." It was so soon after he started, but shamefully, Carol had to admit that he was right, she was already at the edge of climax from just a few minutes of being fucked from behind.
Doggy Style.
And Carol howled almost like a dog as Adam slowly, tortuously pulled the buttplug from her ass, never stopping the deep, powerful strokes of his cock. She orgasmed, dripping submissive juices down her legs and trying to shut her heart against the traitorous feelings of subservience and adoration towards her master that welled up from her weak, submissive subconscious.
Adam withdrew, allowing Carol to collapse panting onto his bedroom floor.
Carol looked up at the cruel man who had sworn to make her his. Despite the loathing that she felt, his cock shone with her eager juices all the way down to the base. He held the hateful little buttplug in his hand as he smiled smugly down at the defeated woman on the floor beneath him.
"We're not finished yet, little bitch. Not by a long shot. I still have you for a few more hours, and we have a lot of training to do," he said gleefully.
If his arrogance wasn't misplaced... if he truly was able to break Carol's spirit and make himself her master, then Carol was well and truly fucked. Carol clenched her teeth in determination. She would be strong. She could avoid turning into Adam's loyal bitch over the course of this week, even while following her mission.
At least... she would do her best.
She was a little frightened of the fact that a tiny shameful part of her had started to think that having a big strong master like Adam might not be so bad..
...
That evening, Carol entered the dining room with an awkward, duckfooted step. Her hair was tousled, her body was sticky with Adam's cum, and the humiliating dog collar jangled on her neck. Forcing her to come down like this without cleaning up was a power play on Adam's part. He was making an aggressive, chauvinistic statement to the other two men: look how thoroughly I claimed her. Based on the stunned looks of frustration on the other two boys' faces, Adam's mind game was working all too well.
Carol hated being used like an object to prove Adam's dominance, but just like with his other disgusting arrogant behavior, becoming a statement of Adam's masculinity made her body light up with submissive arousal, and the look of confusion and frustration on the other boy's faces just made her hotter. Tory in particular couldn't stop frowning as he looked at her collar. Carol felt her neck itch as Tory's eyes traced the demeaning leather circle, with its cute little bone-shaped name tag. She squirmed on her seat, flooded with horrified arousal.
The dinner was tense and awkward, and for the second night in a row, Carol found she didn't have much of an appetite. Afterward, Adam forcefully suggested that they skip the group sex today because of how exhausting Carol's session with him had been. The other boys looked disappointed, but they agreed. They could see that Carol had been overwhelmed by her first day as a free-use slut, and both Ryan and Tory were too nice to push her further tonight.
With a feeling of relief that she wouldn't have to take any more cock in her sore pussy today, Carol rose, desperate to get to the shower and rinse off Adam's sticky residue. She had almost reached the door when Tory called after her.
"Hey! See you tomorrow, Carol. I can't wait."
Carol turned and gave him a lopsided grin, her new dog collar shiny and black against her throat.
"I'm looking forward to it too, Stud. See you then."
...
Carol grunted and rocked on her bed, working on the two homework assignments she had been given.
She teased her asshole with the small dildo Adam had supplied, keeping an eye on the timer on her phone. She had to fuck her ass for twenty minutes or until she orgasmed without touching her pussy, whichever came first.
It was clear to Carol that she wouldn't be able to cum from anal stimulation tonight, but to her surprise, it was becoming more and more pleasurable over time. It seemed Adam knew what he was doing when he trained her to associate sexual pleasure with stimulation of her asshole. It was possible that she would be able to orgasm ass play alone before the end of the week.
As she slid the dildo in and out of her tight asshole, Carol thought about Brady, her poor, sweet high school friend who had crushed on her so hard during the second half of their senior year.
The idea of sending Brady a taunting sexual message was wrong. Obviously. It was she would never do that to him... But it wasn't wrong to fantasize a little about what his reaction would be right? Seeing her body, naked, yet hidden... Knowing that she gave it freely to other men, but would never give it to him. Teaching him the devastating truth that, unknown even to Carol, her aversion to sex had been easily discarded once a real man came along.
Was Ryan right that it would turn Brady on even as it crushed his heart? Was her soft-spoken bestie from high school really that pathetic?
The idea was darkly intriguing.
Carol focused on the idea more and more as the dildo plunged in and out of her slowly-loosening ass, and when the alarm rang, it took her a couple of seconds to come to her senses and stop her anal masturbation.
...
Despite her sexual exhaustion the night before, Carol found herself feeling strangely fresh and ready the next day. As she woke up and did her hair and makeup, she eyed the black leather collar on her nightstand.
It felt wrong to wear Adam's declaration of his supremacy to her private session with Tory, but what could she do? It was a direct order, and the divine had said she had to agree to any and all requests. Carol imagined it would be emasculating for Tory to be constantly reminded that Adam had claimed her as his bitch, but he would just have to deal with it.
When Carol gave Tory his wake-up blowjob, he did grimace a little at the new jingling noise her name tag made. But he quickly smoothed his expression; Tory had chosen to deal with Adam's provocation by ignoring it.
Just like Adam and Ryan yesterday, Tory didn't want to waste his cum on something as boring as a blowjob today. "Morning beautiful," he said with a yawn, motioning for her to rise. "Once you get Ryan up, I want you to put on some clothes and meet me in the entryway. We're taking a little field trip today."
Clothes? A trip? Carol cocked her head at Tory curiously, but he refused to say any more.
"It's a surprise!" was his last word on the topic.
Carol's mind raced as she selected a tiny little pink crop top and a matching barely-there miniskirt. What was Tory planning? What kind of sex act had he thought up that couldn't be done in the house? She didn't know, but her wild imagination invented images that made her heart race.
Carol hurried down the stairs to meet a Tory, who welcomed her with an excited grin. Soon they were on their way, walking together through the cool fall air, apparently on their way to campus. Carol shivered slightly and gratefully accepted Tory's offer of his jacket and an arm over her shoulders as they walked. Her new slutty wardrobe wasn't designed for late fall weather. Hopefully, their mystery destination wasn't too far away.
"So how did things go yesterday?" asked Tory in a light conversational tone.
Carol couldn't help but laugh.
"You want a detailed description of how your two frat brothers fucked me, Stud?" she asked, still assaulted by giggles. "I didn't know that was your kink."
Tory had a good enough sense of humor to laugh along with her. "That's not what I mean, dummy," he explained fondly, "I don't need all the details, just give me the broad strokes. I want to know if my plan is similar to theirs."
Carol carefully considered how to answer. She had spent hours last night thinking about both Ryan and Adam, but her feelings were still complicated.
"Well..." she said thoughtfully, "It seems like Ryan is playing some sort of mind game. He thinks it will be hot to get me to... give in to a nasty thought I guess you could say."
"Kinky," said Adam approvingly, and Carol gave him a good-natured elbow to the ribs. "And Adam?" asked Tory, his voice growing serious.
"Adam's session was a lot more physical," said Carol flatly. She didn't really want to discuss Adam with Tory. For some reason thinking about both of them at the same time was confusing.
"I see..." said Tory, trailing off awkwardly. Carol remembered vividly how Tory had begged her to ask for help if Adam went too far. She could tell that he wanted her to ask him now, to beg him for help and give him an excuse to fight Adam and protect her. But she wouldn't. Carol might have changed a lot in the past few months, but she could handle a bully like Adam, even if he did make her feel helpless sometimes. Carol was under the protection of the Divine. There was nothing that Adam could do to truly harm her. She wasn't a damsel in distress, and she didn't need a knight in shining armor to save her.
Tory stopped, looking up at the building in front of them.
"The library?" asked Carol incredulously.
"The library," said Tory, almost vibrating with excitement. "Come on! Let's go." Tory led her by the hand into the quiet, unassuming campus building.
Tory nodded pleasantly at the bored-looking student at the front desk and led Carol up the stairs, deep into the silent, empty library.
Carol assumed that few people would use the library during Thanksgiving break. It looked like she was right: she and Tory didn't see any other students on their way to the highest floor, where they kept the dusty old shelves of newspaper records that no one ever used.
Carol looked around at the dim, dusty floor with a flat, unimpressed stare. "What, do you have a fetish for spiders or something, Stud?" she asked sardonically. "Why are fucking here instead of in your bed?"
"We're not fucking here, Carol," said Tory, pulling his shirt over his head. "This is just where we're leaving our clothes."
Carol's unimpressed glare slipped off her face as her eyes widened. "Wait... what do you mean?" she asked as she felt her pulse quicken.
'We're going to play a little game today, Carol. Think of it as a test of bravery. We're going to fuck somewhere in the library; exactly where is up to you. Hell, if you're chicken, we could even fuck up here with the spiders watching, just like you wanted," said Tory with a roguish wink, stripping off his jeans.
Carol's mouth quirked up into a naughty grin. Ok, she saw where Tory was going with this. "So you think the risk of getting caught turns me on..." Carol said with a raised eyebrow. She crossed her arms and pulled her skimpy top over her head, leaving her braless tits bouncing in the dusty air. "Well, I can't say you're wrong. It does sound kind of kinky."
The combination of her humiliated arousal during the Halloween party, combined with her public lapdance on Thanksgiving, had convinced Carol that she probably did have an exhibitionism kink... and it seemed like Tory had been paying attention as well.
Carol wiggled out of her skirt as she said, "You made the game too easy though! There's no one in the library during break except the library assistant. Unless we fuck on top of her desk, there's no chance we'll get caught."
Tory removed his boxers, revealing his stiff, throbbing cock, excited for the game to begin. "You would think so, but no. I scoped the building out yesterday. They're quiet, but there are usually three or four people here at any given time. We could definitely get caught if we're not careful."
Carol giggled and stepped out of her panties, crossing the room with a sultry, hip-swaying walk to grab Tory by the cock and lead him toward the stairs. "Well, I'm brave enough to leave the spider room at least," she said with a crooked smile.
Tory hadn't been lying, this did sound like fun.
On the fourth floor, Carol began to feel the reality of their risky sexual game. It was surreal to walk around the public building she had been in so many times before stark naked. If they got caught, they would be sitting ducks: their clothes were already a floor up, and would only get further away the more daring they got.
Carol's heart beat faster, making her feel alive. This public game was a new kind of erotic thrill for her, and she was discovering that she loved it. It was the same sort of thrill as going to a haunted house, where anything could be waiting for you around the corner.
She began softly stroking Tory's hard dick as they silently snuck around the floor. Should she play it safe and fuck here? They had those leather reading chairs... that might be comfortable. But as they turned the corner toward the leather chairs, Carol almost gave them away with a squeak of alarm. A girl in an oversized hoodie sat on one of the chairs, flipping through a graphic novel.
Carol was frozen to the spot, time seeming to slow down. The girl would look up, and see her naked body, see her gripping a hard cock, and know that she was a dirty slut. She might scream. She would definitely report them. The blood thundered in Carol's ears as shock paralyzed her.
Tory's strong arms gripped her and pulled her between two shelves, out of sight. Her heart hammering, Carol wrapped her arm around Tory's neck and pulled him in for a savage, silent kiss, pressing their hot naked bodies together as her hand slid compulsively up and down his cock. She felt so alive, so free, so fucking horny. As Tory's hand slipped down her belly to her pussy, she had to break the kiss and lead him stealthily away: if they continued, she wouldn't be able to hold back her moans, and they would get caught for sure.
Carol led them back to the stairs, her arousal making her bold. She wanted more. A bigger risk. A greater thrill. Her nipples pulsed with aching excitement in time with her heart, and she felt a needy dampness growing between her legs. She wanted to give Tory the fuck of his life... but not here. Not yet. She wanted to feel more of this erotic risk before they began. They should go down a floor. At least. As they approached the stairs, they passed the elevators. Which gave Carol a wicked idea...
"My legs are tired," she whispered in a pouty whine. Her eyes sparkled as she suggested: "Why don't we take the elevator?" Tory held up a hand to his mouth to hold back a shocked chuckle. It was an insanely risky idea. The elevator would chime when they opened, alerting everyone on the floor. And if someone happened in front of the elevator when the doors opened, there would be nowhere to hide.
In response, Tory grinned and hit the button to call the elevator. If Carol wanted to do something brave and risky, he was willing to match her dare for dare. He was no chicken. They both whipped their heads around to make sure that the floor's other resident didn't hear the elevator's chime, then Tory mockingly bowed Carol inside with a "ladies first" gesture.
As the doors closed and Tory punched the button for floor three, Carol shocked Tory by dropping to her knees and wrapping her soft lips around his cock. her tongue rapidly swirling and licking. Carol looked up and him with blazing, horny eyes. She was turned on by the kinky exhibitionist game more than Tory would ever have imagined.
She didn't stop bobbing her head and servicing his cock even when the elevator arrived on the third floor. Tory felt white hot adrenaline flood him as the doors opened and chimed, his eyes wide and searching to see if they had run out of luck and someone was waiting on the third floor, watching the doors open with shocked disgust. But they were lucky. There was no one there, the floor was empty and silent. Tory breathed a sigh of relief, but Carol, noticing that they hadn't been caught, gave a moan of pleasure and... disappointment? Tory couldn't help but smirk as he looked down at the desperate slut on her knees in front of him. Did Carol want to get caught? Was she not just turned on by risk, but by people watching her fuck? That was a kinky idea as well... but way too dangerous for both of their reputations. Getting a reputation as a party slut was one thing, but he doubted that Carol wanted to be arrested for public indecency.
Carol's eyes were hot and wild and mischievous as she continued to suck, with the elevator doors stuck open on the third floor. Without breaking her smoldering eye contact, Carol reached over slowly and pressed the first-floor button with one manicured finger.
Tory's belly swooped and turned over in shock as the doors slid shut. If the elevator went to the first floor, they were almost certain to be caught. The elevators opened just a short distance away from the service desk, in plain view. Tory could see the scene playing out in his mind as plain as day: the student librarian hearing the elevator chime, looking up instinctively, her face twisting with shock as she saw the obscene tableau inside the opening elevator doors...
Carol had eyes gleamed with wicked mischief. She started playing with herself as her head bobbed smoothly up and down Tory's cock. Wet pornographic noises filled the tiny elevator. So it was a game of chicken... Carol was expecting Tory to stop the elevator. If either of them pressed the button for floor two, then the crisis would be averted. This little horny slut expected Tory to lose his nerve before she did. Carol had pushed him up against the wall with her hot, wet mouth as the old library elevator slowly descended. If Tory just waited, then Carol would give in and press the button instead. The last thing Tory wanted was to look weak or scared in front of her. Carol's eyes darted to the side, eyeing the elevator buttons. Tory's fingers twitched, but he remained strong. There was no way Carol could beat him at this game.
But it turned out that both of them were too stubborn for their own good. Tory saw with panic that the elevator was already sliding past the second floor: next stop, public indecency. Carol's eyes grew wide as she realized what was happening at the same time as Tory... but her tongue and the hand between her squatting legs were moving faster than ever. Even as his body flooded with panicked adrenaline, Tory's cock felt incredible.
Maybe this was a kink of his as well...
Although his cock remained rock hard, Tory felt like he would faint from nerves. They were about to be revealed to the poor library assistant with Carol's lips still wrapped around his cock. The elevator lurched to a halt on the first floor. The elevator loudly chimed. The front desk of the library slid into view as the doors opened.
No one was there.
With lightning reflexes, Tory scooped Carol up into his strong arms and sprinted for the "popular fiction" racks barely ten feet away from the front desk. Just as they were out of sight, the library assistant stepped out of the bathroom, drying their hands on their pants, looking without much interest at the elevator doors as they slid shut.
Tory's breath roared in his lungs, and he had to fight not to gasp too loudly from exertion and fear. He looked down at the wild, sexy, horny woman in his arms. "Are you crazy?" he mouthed silently to her, his stiff cock pressed into her butt from below. Her only response was to bite her lip playfully, then grab Tory by the ears, pulling him into a breathtaking kiss, her tongue writhing with his, her hard nipples poking into his chest.
Tory set her down. He needed to touch her luscious, curvy body. Her tits, her ass, her pussy. He wanted to feel them all. Her soft little hands were once again all over his cock as they shared a frantic, passionate kiss. Tory couldn't wait. He had to have her right here. Right now. Risk of being caught be damned. He lifted one of her legs in a firm hand and positioned his cock at her soaking wet pussy, egged on silently by her eager grin.
Even with all of his sexual experience, this was in a class all it's own. As Tory's thick cock sunk deep into Carol's velvety slickness, the risk of being caught by the bored student just feet away made everything hotter,dirtier, and a thousand times more exciting. Tory had a hard time holding back. As he thrust deeper and more powerfully, he began to push Carol up against the bookshelf with the force of his passion. Carol was apparently feeling the raw passion just as much as Tory. She fiercely clawed at his back with one hand while the other clamped hard over her mouth, doing her best to remain silent in the face of overwhelming pleasure.
Tory could feel that they were both close... The danger and excitement of the game meant that they had both been turned on before they started. Tory couldn't hold back any longer. His cock hammered into Carol's juicy pussy with enough force to make the bookshelf sway slightly. The dog tag on Carol's collar jingled lightly, and fatally, Carol lost her balance. Just as the library assistant looked up curiously at the jingling sound, Carol was forced to take her hand off her mouth to grab the bookshelf, and at that exact moment Carol and Tory orgasmed together.
A wild slutty moan tore from Carol's mouth as she felt Tory flood her pussy with hot cum, shattering the silence of the library. The library assistant rose with a frown, peering through the semitransparent bookshelves at Carol and Tory.
"Hello? Who's there?"
Now that his cock was softening, the situation was beginning to feel more dangerous than erotic to Tory. He leaned down and whispered in the ear of his happy, dazed-looking lover: "We'll have to be quick, move on my signal." Carol gave him a wide, lazy grin, but she nodded. She looked out of it, but It would have to do.
As the library assistant approached one end of the bookshelf, Tory swiftly led Carol to the other side. In the instant that the library worker crossed the short end of the shelf to look down the aisle, Carol and Tory made a break for it, sprinting for the stairs.
Maybe it was due to the slow speed and laziness of the library worker rather than the brilliance of the plan, but somehow it worked. They made it back up to the fifth floor, got their clothes back on, waited for about an hour to give themselves plausible deniability, and then left the library with nothing worse than a suspicious glare from the librarian.
They walked home hand in hand, Carol gushing about how fun and hot the game had been.
Tory smiled to himself. Adam could try all he wanted to claim Carol for his own...
But Carol and he had something special.