Rachel had said she wanted to go for a bicycle ride, so I rode over to her place. As usual, I was in cargo shorts and a T-shirt, but I wanted to see what she was going to wear. She had on a sports top and cycling shorts that went almost to her knees. While that was all skin tight to the point of looking sprayed on, I thought we could do better. I suggested her new bikini, so she went back inside.
She came back out, wearing the little white stringy thing.
"Can't I wear shorts?" she asked.
"That'll do," I said, and she tied her sneakers on.
"Can I at least bring a dress?" she asked.
"Shouldn't need it," I said.
We headed down to the bicycles. She's usually a hard rider, but as she was almost naked, we took off at a sedate pace. A lot of guys were very happy to see her on her bicycle, and I deliberately chose slightly rougher trails so I could watch her jiggly bits jiggle as she rode over them. After a couple of miles, I stopped and waited for her, and when she got to me, I tightened the string on her top a little, so there was boob being squeezed out underneath, and on show.
We went back to riding, and I could see that she was perilously close to exposing her nipples at times, so she'd fix her top. When we were in the middle of nowhere, I stopped again, and when she stopped next to me, I pulled her top up over her tits.
"Hand it over," I said.
"I'd rather keep it on," she said.
"Just for a little bit," I said. "I'd like to see you riding topless."
She pulled her top over her head and handed it to me. I put it in a side pocket and we went on our way. Obviously she was jiggling a fair bit more now.
I stopped again when we got to a wooded, more secluded part of the trail.
"Can I have your bottoms, too?"
She got off her bike, took her bottoms off and handed them to me. We went on our way again, with me riding along either behind, alongside and slightly in front of her to get the best view of her riding naked. Well, other than her sneakers, but I didn't want to deprive her of those.
A bunch of guys were coming up behind us on the trail, fast, so I led her to the side, off the trail, and they hammered past without seeing us.
"OK, that's enough," she said, "let me get dressed again."
I gave her her bikini back, and let her put it on. We set off. As we got close to a little town, I suggested we could stop and get a drink.
We headed into town, and got off our bikes and walked them to a little cafe. I left Rachel sitting outside where she could keep an eye on the bikes, and went in and got a couple of sodas and some pastries.
When I got back outside, the guys who'd blasted past us on the trail were standing around, some of them trying to chat her up, others just eyeing her up. I put her drink and a pastry down in front of her and brightly said "hi", like everybody rides around with a girl in a skimpy bikini.
The guys obviously took their cycling a lot more seriously than we did, and were suggesting that we, well, Rachel, go off with them for the rest of their ride. She said she wasn't really interested, as we were just having a nice day out rather than trying to get anywhere in particular. They eventually got the message and headed off, and we finished our break in peace.
We decided to head back, and when we got out of town, I asked her to give me her top again. We weren't really prepared for the guys coming up behind us when they did, and she ended up almost riding off the side of the trail.
The guys saw us standing by her bike and stopped to see if she was OK, and I assured them that she was. She had her arm across her tits, and one of them grinned and asked if she'd lost something.
"Oh no," I said, "it's not lost. It's right here."
I handed her her top. Now she had to decide whether to try and put her top on and show them her tits, or whether to stand there covering them. They seemed to have figured this out, too, as they all stood with their bikes, watching her.
Eventually she said "fuck it," and put her arms in the air and jiggled her tits around, not putting her top back on at all. She handed it back to me.
There were general remarks of appreciation that she seemed to really enjoy, and she got back on her bike and we all cycled along with her until we got to the wooded section, when she stopped again. We all stopped - they wanted to see what she was going to do next, and I had a pretty good idea.
She had me hold her bike, then took her bottoms off and handed them to me. There was a lot of hooting and hollering, and she got on her bike and rode off, with a bunch of guys behind her.
As we got towards the end of the wooded section, she stopped again, and said she was going to get dressed. I passed her her bottoms, and she put them on, then stood next to me as I gave her her top, and she put that on too.
She picked her bike up, and they watched her get on it. I got on my bike, and we slowly started away. The guys rode really slowly with us for a while, until she said goodbye - we slowed down, and they rode off into the distance.
She came and kissed me and said she was tired, excited and wanted to go home to shower before she had to go to work. Off we went.
When we got back to her place, I carried her bike back upstairs, then left her to it.