Thanks a MILLION to BffseOhio for editing this chapter. Enjoy.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Each chapter of this story builds on the previous chapter and lays the groundwork for future chapters. If this is the first chapter of The Morrisons you've encountered then I suggest you go back and read the previous chapters first so you will understand the characters actions in this chapter.
All four members of the Morrison family share many private moments and seal their love for each other. Terri confidently interviews potential house cleaning staff while some of the existing staff gets to know each other better. Marion is satisfied beyond her wildest dreams.Sounds interesting? ...... Then enjoy this chapter!~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I appreciate hearing from the readers of my stories and I want to thank all those who took time to send me an email. I try to answer all the emails I receive and I really appreciate all your kind comments. Please realize I can't answer those readers who send me comments anonymously.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Chapter 5
When the alarm when off the next morning I looked at the clock through half open eye lids and cussed silently because there weren't more hours to the night time. I had an intermittent buzzing in my head and then it dawned on me that I had to shut the alarm off to make it stop. I rolled over in bed and my morning wood slapped down on the sheet and at that point I found out my cock was sore from all the activity it had been up to lately.
With a smile on my face I remember Terri taking advantage of me the second I stepped into the shower with three of those sex crazed females. They didn't even wait until we got to the bedroom to attack me. Jenna and Terri were on their knees in the shower one of them had my balls in her mouth while the other swallowed my cock. I vaguely remember Kim laughing hysterically saying something like, "You're gonna pay now daaaaddy!" I know we held a few moments of negotiations which ended up with everyone in agreement we should halt any further actions until we were in bed.
If I remember right all three of those wild fillies took a turn riding my cock while one or the other took turns trying to smother me when my tongue couldn't move fast enough across their clit to please them. It was almost like a terrible nightmare come true. But here I am, it's morning, the sun is coming up and I don't see any grass above my head so I must still be alive and I guess I better get moving.
I kissed Kim on the cheek saying, "Good morning love, I'm still here despite your combined efforts to kill me last night."
Kim rolled over and embraced me and kissed me several times before she said, "Good morning cowboy you sure did try to impress us with your skills last night. I'm surprised you woke up on time and I'm more surprised to see you even moving. I guess you really are a stud." Kim finished saying with an uncontrolled giggle.
Kim reached down and gently took my hard cock in her hand and I cautioned her, "Hey take it easy on that thing this morning, he needs a chance to re-coup."
Kim smiled saying, "Ok honey I won't demand my turn this morning but you may have to pay dearly later."
Kim threw the sheet back and rolled out of bed on her side saying, "Time to get moving, we have places to go, people to see and things to do."
I smiled at Kim as I rolled out of bed behind her saying, "Hummmm, I find it very interesting that you would come up with that cliché this morning."
We did our morning routine in the bathroom then I left Kim behind and headed down to the kitchen with the vision of a hot cup of coffee setting in front of me. I was not disappointed when I started down the stairs that wonderful aroma of fresh brewed coffee filled my nostrils and made my mouth water. As I rounded the corner into the kitchen I was greeted with a squeal just before my body was attacked by a flying Terri. At the last second my arms automatically shot forward and wrapped around Terri's naked body but I really didn't have to do that because Terri wrapped not only her arms but her legs around me and she wasn't going anywhere. She leaned in and kissed me passionately before she released her grip and slid down my body until her feet were back on the floor. Terri hugged me close and said, "I love you daddy!"
I was overwhelmed and had to look away quickly and blink back the tear in my eyes before Terri saw it. In my best John Wayne voice I said, "Well missy, I don't say this to many women but I love you too!"
Terri giggled saying, "You're a nut dad!"
She stepped away from me saying, "Sit down, I'll have your coffee for you in a second."
I sat down and marveled as the young naked lady before my eyes moved gracefully around the kitchen. Her personality was warm and loving and so outgoing. She appreciated what others did for her and expressed her true feelings with so much bubbly enthusiasm.
I was enjoying my coffee when Kim walked into the kitchen and I watched as Terri flew across the kitchen towards Kim with a similar squeal I'd heard just a few minutes before. The only difference is Terri didn't propel herself through the air like she did with me but her hugging Kim looked just as strong. Terri kissed Kim then leaned back to look Kim in her eyes before saying, "I love you mom!"
Kim pulled Terri back into her body and hugged her as she started to cry. I stood up and pulled a couple of tissues out of the box and handed them to Kim who passed one to Terri. Both of them finished drying their eyes and Kim said with a broad smile, "Terri I am proud to claim you as my daughter but you've got to stop making me cry just before I go to work. It screws up my makeup."
Both of them started laughing and Terri said, "I'll try but I'm not promising anything."
Kim sat down beside me and asked, "Dan what are we ever going to do with that girl? She seems to have the magic solution to spark our emotions."
I sat in my chair sipping my coffee thinking about all the events of the last week and how much our lives had changed for the better. Kim broke my concentration when she sat down beside me and said, "I think we should talk about having a party soon, I feel like celebrating."
I told her a party sounded great and she should think up a theme and we can start the plans. Terri was finishing up our breakfast when she suggested, "How about a toga party?"
Kim looked at me and I just shrugged my shoulders saying, "That would be interesting. Do we set any rules for the style or material of the toga and who would we invite to the party."
Kim said, "Wait until Jenna gets down here and the three of us will come up with all the arrangements."
"What do we need Jenna for?" a familiar voice said from the living room.
Jenna came around the corner into the kitchen as Terri was setting our plates in front of us. When her hands were free she stepped over to Jenna and hugged her as she had done to Kim and me. Terri told Jenna she loved her and Jenna returned the sediment with just as much enthusiasm.
Jenna sat down and Terri brought her a cup of coffee and asked if she wanted something to eat. Jenna looked at our plates then said, "Sure, I'll have the same thing they're having."
A few minutes later Terri set Jenna's breakfast in front of her and set a plate down for herself. We enjoyed some family conversation before Terri asked Jenna, "What do you think of having a toga party?"
Jenna asked, "Is that what all of you were talking about before I came into the kitchen?"
Kim smiled and said, "Yes honey, we figured the three of us girls could get together and plan the party and make up a guest list."
All too soon it was time for Kim and I to leave so I stood up and said, "It's that time again honey, we need to get going so we can beat the traffic."
Jenna wiped her mouth and stood up saying, "I'm going to get going to so I can talk to Lisa and see if she knows some other people to bring with her this Saturday when she comes over."
Terri stood by the door leading out to the garage and one by one she hugged and kissed each of us then bid each of us to have a great day at work.
Terri cleaned up the kitchen then went up and straightened out the master bedroom and bath then she stopped by Jenna's room and picked up the laundry before heading downstairs.
After depositing all the dirty clothes and towels in the laundry room she filled the washer and turned it on. She heard voices so she walked back into the kitchen and realized the voices were those of Tony, Patty, Barbie and Beth. Terri walked out on the deck over to the railing she said, "Well good morning. You're here early enough."
Patty said, "Dan set up the accounts for us in all the places we pick up supplies so we ordered what we needed and by tomorrow we will have a lot of wonderful colors in this garden with more flowers ready to spring up when these start to die off. There will be perpetual colors in this garden so the Morrisons and their guests will be able to enjoy them. Some of the other gardens will be split between greens and flowers."
As all of them talked about a little bit of everything, Terri was fascinated as she watched Patty's and Beth's tits swing and move while they were bent over and working. She knew her small tits hardly moved unless she was bouncing up and down on Dan's cock. Terri watched Tony's cock swing as he worked and wondered how that one would feel inside her pussy. Finally Terri remembered she had an appointment coming at ten o'clock and she said, "Just so all of you know, I will be doing an interview with six people for the house cleaning position. I will have them all sign statements shortly after they arrive so you won't have anything to worry about. Also I will likely bring them out here on the deck since they will have to clean this area too."
Tony asked, "How are the Morrisons coming along with the security gate?"
Terri said, "Dan approved the plans and signed the contract with Ted the other night. Ted is supposed to have his crew start working down by the road maybe as early as today. They have to do some cement work for the footing or something like that then to speed things up Dan and Kim are having Ted install prefab pillars so he can hang the gate a lot sooner. They didn't give us a timeline yet but Ted's wife, Marion, is going to be putting up the monitors and wiring them while Ted is busy installing the pillars."
Tony stopped working and asked, "Are you saying Ted's wife is going to be working here too?"
Terri said, "Yes she is, Ted brought her out here the other night when he came to get the contract signed. She was only a little timid being nude the other night so I think everything will be fine by the time she comes here to install the monitors. I'm sure all of you will get to meet her, she's a very nice lady."
Tony said, "This is becoming a family oriented business out here."
Terri smiled and said, "Tony that statement is truer than you know. Actually the people who are coming for the interview are related as well. Two of them are father and daughter."
Beth looked up from what she was doing and said, "I'll be damned. Do they know they will be working together naked?"
Terri smiled and said, "Yesterday when they were here they signed a confidentiality statement for me and then I explained the position to three out of the six people. When I got to the nudity part, the father hedged a little bit but his daughter reminded him he had seen her in bra and panties and sometimes only in thong panties which we know, doesn't hide much. She reasoned with him that he's seen almost everything she has so being nude wouldn't be a big step."
All of them laughed and Barbie said, "Nope thongs don't cover much and if you get the right kind, they barely cover anything."
Beth piped up and said, "I remember teasing Tony when Barbie and I used to let him see us in our bra and panties. He used to get a boner right away and we'd go back to our room and leave him to suffer. But now that I see what he's packing down there, I won't tease him again. He can have me anytime he and Patty want to play."
Terri looked and saw Tony's cock was rising to the occasion so she added, "I'll say, he has a very nice package swinging down there. But right now I think it's more pointing, than it is swinging." Terri finished talking then she giggled.
Everyone looked at Tony's cock and Patty said, "Don't worry dear, you need to get a little sun on that thing and then I'll take care of it for you."
Terri said, "I have to go and get some forms ready for my interview. Like I told you before, I'll have them all sign confidentiality statements before we come out here so you won't have to worry about them seeing you."
Tony said with a hearty laugh, "Thanks, we'll look forward to meeting the new meat when you bring them out here."
Terri reminded him, "You mean prospective new meat. This is only an interview and I'll be holding more tomorrow as well."
Terri turned and walked back into the house and went to the computer and fired it up so she could print the form for additional employees could list their names, addresses and phone number. She also printed out a list of the house cleaning duties.
Terri looked at the clock and decided she had plenty of time to go up to her bathroom to take a shower before it was time to do the interview. Terri took her time showering making sure all her parts were squeaky clean with her new fragrant body wash. When she finished she stepped out of the shower and dried herself off then blow dried her hair and styled it. She applied minimal make up but just enough to accent her great blue eyes. Finishing touches included a little lip gloss to make her lips shine and stand out. Terri stopped by her full sized mirror and turned this way and that way making sure her body looked the best it possibly could. Leaving her room she walked down stairs and went towards the deck with the intention of watching Tony, Patty, Barbie and Beth work in the garden until the applicants arrived.
Terri had made up her mind yesterday that she wasn't going to bother with clothes during the interviews. She reasoned with herself if someone was offended by her nudity up front, then they probably won't be interested in working nude. Yesterday Terri also learned that her pussy got soaking wet when she allowed others to see her completely naked. Although the feelings in her pussy had been strange to her yesterday she now wanted to experience the same thing again today.
Terri had just stepped out on the deck when the door bell rang so she turned around and went to answer the door. The door bell sounded a second time by the time Terri reached the door so without hesitation Terri turned the handle and swung the door open and was totally surprised to see Marion Johnson standing on the porch with her dress over her arm but otherwise completely naked with a huge smile on her face. Terri was stunned for a moment and then finally said, "Good morning Marion, please come in."
Marion stepped into the house and started talking nervously, "I was sitting at home and I didn't have anything to do so I thought I would come out here and visit you and get used to being with another nude female before anyone else saw me nude. I hope you don't mind."
Terri smiled and said, "Please come into the kitchen with me. Would you like a cup of coffee or something?"
Marion followed Terri into the kitchen and Terri said, "Please get a couple of towels out of that cupboard for the chairs and what type of coffee would you like? I have Breakfast Blend, Donut House and I even have some hot cocoa for the Keurig coffee maker."
Marion looked over her shoulder and said, "I'll have whatever you are having."
Terri made two cups of coffee then brought them over to the breakfast counter and set the cups down before going to the refrigerator to get the cream. Terri picked up a package of cookies and arranged some on a plate before setting them on the counter. Terri had just sat down to talk to Marion when Barbie and Beth came to the sliding glass doors and said, "Terri we have to use the bathroom."
Marion's head snapped around and looked toward the direction of the voices immediately covering her tits with her arm and staring at both naked girls.
Terri smiled and said, "You know where the bathroom is, none of you have to ask to use it just come in."
Terri looked at Marion as she watched both girls walk past her towards the bathroom before saying, "They are part of the gardening crew who are working in the garden right by the deck."
Marion said, "I thought you would be alone today. I better get going."
Terri quickly said, "Marion, they are working here just like you'll be working here. You are going to see all four of them naked sooner or later. There is a husband and wife and those two are the husband's sisters. So you can see if they aren't bothered by being nude in front of each other, then you shouldn't be either. Come on let's walk out on the deck and I'll introduce you to Tony and Patty, you might even know them already."
Marion gave Terri a nervous smile and said, "Ok I trust you, let's go meet them. Do you have any more surprises for me today?"
Terri smiled and said, "Well to be perfectly honest, I do have some people coming to interview for the house cleaning position in a little while. But you don't have anything to worry about because I'm going to introduce you to this great young couple and you've already seen Tony's sisters."
Terri and Marion were walking across the deck when Marion asked, "Terri why didn't you say something when you invited me in?"
"Marion, please don't be angry with me, I understand what you are going through. Only a week ago I was wearing clothes, well most of the time, just like everyone else. When I came here for my interview Dan and Kim Morrison made it clear to me they are looking for a nudist to fill their housekeeper position. So you see within a week I've become a nudist and very happy to be one too. Yesterday I had to put clothes on to go car shopping with Dan and Kim and I realized how restrictive they are. I was glad to get home so I could be nude again." Terri said.
When they reached the railing Terri got Tony's attention and said, "Tony, Patty I'd like to introduce you to Marion Johnson who will be setting up the monitors for the security gate."
Both Tony and Patty stopped working and walked up on the deck and shook hands with Marion. Then Patty said, "I guess you saw Barbie and Beth already when they came into the house to use the bathroom."
Marion said, "We weren't officially introduced but yes, I saw them. I'm glad to make your acquaintance, I think."
Patty started giggling the she said, "Marion you must be as new to this as we are. There's nothing to worry about, we all look the same after we take our clothes off."
Patty saw Marion's eyes dart down to Tony's cock then added, "Well most of us look the same when we don't have any clothes on. Don't worry he's outnumbered and beside I have a leash on this one even though that thing down there doesn't know it sometimes."
All three women started laughing and they heard, "What's so funny?"
Patty saw Tony's sisters coming back from the bathroom so she said, "I told Marion I have a leash on Tony, however his cock doesn't know it sometimes."
Tony said, "Marion I'd like to introduce my sister Barbie and Beth to you. Girls this is Marion Johnson."
Terri said, "Marion if you don't want to be in the house when I do the interview you can sit out here at the table with this crew or you can enjoy the pool and hot tub. Or to add the icing on the cake, you can enjoy all three of the choices."
"Oh by the way, none of you have to ask to use the bathroom. You know where it is so just come in and use it. While I'm at it, if you want something cold to drink, I always keep the refrigerator stocked with various beverages so choose what you want and enjoy. Don't forget to take a break often we don't want to be calling the ambulance for any of you with heat stroke." Terri said while looking at Tony, Patty, Barbie and Beth.
Marion said, "I think I'll go in and get my coffee and a couple of cookies then come out here and sit on the deck and talk to these wonderful people."
Patty slapped Tony on his ass and made him jump before saying, "Wonderful people? Marion doesn't know you yet, does she? Don't worry Marion, we know how to handle ole stud muffin if he gets out of line."
All of the women started laughing at Tony's passing discomfort then Patty said, "Let's take Terri's advice and sit down and have something cold to drink."
Everyone had just sat down at the table outside when the door bell rang and Terri stood up and excused herself. On the way into the house she said, "Enjoy yourselves I'll be a couple of hours with this interview."
Terri walked to the door and pulled it open to see Ashley and two other people standing on the porch. There was an immediately reaction from the guy and the young lady when both took a sharp intake of air and the one young lady said, "Oh My God, we're sorry if we interrupted anything but you should have put something on before coming to the door."
Terri smiled and extended her hand towards Ashley saying, "Hello Ashley, would you and your partners like to come in?"
Ashley shook hands with Terri as she stepped forward into the house saying, "Good morning Terri, this is Paul and Sarah."
Extending her hand out again toward Paul and Sarah, Terri said, "Hi my name is Terri and I'm the housekeeper for the Morrisons." Both of them shook hands with Terri and then followed Terri and Ashley towards the living room. Once they were in the living room Terri asked each one to take a seat before saying, "I will be conducting your interview today."
Ashley spoke up asking, "Is Gus and Debbie here yet? I saw another car by the garage."
"No they aren't here yet. That car belongs to another lady who is working here." Terri said.
Terri excused herself for a moment and just as she was walking out of the living room there was an immediate hushed mumble of questions to Ashley about Terri's nudity. Terri smiled to herself as she heard Ashley say, "I guess you'll find out when we start the interview."
Just as Terri pulled a towel out of the cupboard the door bell rang again so Terri carried her towel with her as she went and answered the door. This time when she opened the door she was greeted by two guys and a young lady. One of the guys was Gus and the young lady was Debbie. Terri took a moment to look at Debbie up and down enjoying the view she presented because Debbie was brazenly dressed in her light pink lace bra and light pink, sheer, stretch lace boyshort panties. Terri smiled and held out her hand and shook hands with Gus first as she said, "Hello Gus, hello Debbie and you must be Joe. My name is Terri and I'm the Morrisons housekeeper."
Joe looked Terri up and down especially down before looking back up into her eyes and saying, "You are a very beautiful young lady and I sure won't mind working here if you're going to dress like that all the time. Look at Debbie she wore her underwear out here so you two should get along fine."
Terri smiled at Joe and said, "I appreciate the compliments and I'm sure Debbie looks just as good without her underwear but first let's go into the living room and meet the others. They arrived just a few minutes ago."
Terri led the way to the living room and when they got there she told the newcomers to find a seat and they could get started. While everyone was finding a seat Terri went to the printer and picked up the papers and clipped them on the two clip boards she had along with a couple of pens. When she walked back into the living room the first form she passed out was the confidentiality statement which she gave to Paul, Joe and Sarah. She asked each of them to read the statement and if they agreed with it she asked them to sign it. Terri stood facing everyone with her feet slightly parted and she knew her pussy was on display to everyone. She saw both Joe and Paul sneaking peeks at her pussy while Gus, Debbie and Ashley looked openly at Terri. Terri could feel the moisture building inside her pussy and today she was enjoying the feeling.
Paul read the statement and asked, "Why are you requiring us to sign a statement like this? Is there something about this job we should know in advance?"
Terri looked at Ashley who immediately said, "Paul its ok you can sign it, I signed one yesterday."
Sarah spoke up saying, "I think it's weird we are sitting here and there's a naked woman conducting our interview. Is this job a nude job or something? Are all of us going to have to get naked to work here?"
Terri smiled as sweetly as she could before saying, "Right after you sign the statement or leave the room, I will be able to continue and explain all the details about the house cleaning position. I will assure you now that nothing illegal happens here so that's not the reason for me asking you to sign a confidentiality statement for me."
Sarah said, "So I'm right, we have to sign this statement then take off our clothes."
Ashley asked Sarah and Paul, "Please sign the statement and then we can move on to the rest of the interview."
Sarah looked at Ashley wide eyed saying, "So you're going to take off your clothes and let all these guys see your pussy and tits? I'll tell you what, I fucking DARE you to stand up and strip naked right here and right now and let all these people look at your whole naked body and I do mean let them see your whole naked body and I'll sign the form then I'll strip naked too!"
Terri stood quietly and watched as Ashley jumped right up and walked up to stand next to her and with a huge smile on her face she turned to Terri so no one could see her. She whispered, "Thank you for encouraging us yesterday, this is going to be fun!"
Ashley turned around and faced everyone before she slowly raised her tank top up her abdomen while looking at Sarah then at Paul. Ashley said, "Sarah, are you sure you won't back out on me if I do this?"
Sarah smiled and said, "You won't strip naked in front of your brother so I'm not worried the least little bit. But to answer your question, no I will do what I said if you strip naked and let us see your whole body and I do mean ALL OF US!"
Slowly Ashley continued to drag her tank top upward until the built in bra started to rise off the underside of her tits then she stopped before her nipples were revealed. Looking down she used her fingers to fiddle with the snap on her shorts as if she was hesitating. Slowly she moved both hands to the top of her shorts and her fingers worked their magic and released the snap. With her right index finger and her thumb Ashley grabbed the tab on her zipper and pulled down ever so slowly until it was as far down as it would go. Without breaking eye contact with Sarah, Ashley hooked her thumbs into the sides of her shorts and pushed downward as she did the side to side movement all girls do when they put something on or take something off. Slowly, bit by bit, Ashley's blue bikini panties came into view. Ashley saw Sarah was holding her breath so she hurried up and pushed the shorts down until they fell down her legs and pooled at her feet. Ashley used her finger and pointed at her panties with a questioning look at Sarah then she slowly raised her finger to point at her top with the same look.
Sarah understood what Ashley was doing so she said, "If you're going to do it, lose the panties first. But I don't think you're going to go all the way."
Ashley maintained her eye contact with Sarah as she hooked her thumbs into the sides of her blue panties and started to push them down. Ever so slowly more and more of Ashley's bald pubic area came into view. Ashley could see Sarah was starting to get nervous so she pulled her thumbs out of her panties and saw a flood of relief come over Sarah's face. But Ashley reached behind her back and hooking her thumbs back into her panties she pushed the back of her panties downward until her whole ass cheeks could be seen. Ashley turned around to show everyone her ass as she pushed the panties lower. Turning back around to face the group again so she could look at Sarah, Ashley moved her thumbs to the front of her panties and pushed until Sarah went wide eyed and then she knew everyone could see the top of her slit. Ashley stood there and quickly reached up and pulled her top off completely leaving her lovely "C" sized tits with dark brown areola topped with one half inch nipples visible to everyone. Dropping her tank top on the floor Ashley pushed her panties the rest of the way down and they ended up on top of her shorts pooled at her feet. Ashley said, "Sarah I believe it's your turn to come up here and strip naked for everyone's enjoyment. I can't wait to see what you look like after all this time working with you."
Sarah said, "Not so fast, my dare was that you had to display your entire body to all of us."
Ashley said, "I'm completely naked what more do you want to see?"
Sarah confidently said, "I think you should show all of us everything you've got and I do mean everything."
Ashley looked at Terri and asked, "Do you mind if I call her bluff? I know this is taking extra time."
Terri said, "I find this very interesting and it's really turning me on watching you strip naked. You're so good at it. Please, do what you want to do."
Ashley looked back at Sarah and said, "Come up here because you're next anyway."
Sarah stood up on unsteady legs because she never guessed that Ashley would strip naked and now she was going to have to do the same. Stepping up to the front of the room Sarah handed her signed confidentiality statement to Terri then turned to look at Ashley. Sarah said, "You haven't showed everyone your entire body so you haven't won yet."
Ashley replied, "You want everyone to see all of me well if that's the case then you are going to show me off to everyone. I'm going to lie down on the floor and if you truly want everyone to see everything I have then you're going to have to pull my legs up and open them. I will let everyone in this room look as long as you choose to hold my legs open for them."
Ashley lay down on the floor and looked up at Sarah and said, "Do whatever you want to do to me."
Sarah stared at Ashley then said, "You sex hungry bitch, you don't think I'll do it do you?"
Ashley simply smiled up at Sarah without saying another word. Sarah reached down and grabbed one of Ashley's ankles in each hand and pulled her legs up and then pushed them down on Ashley's chest before he spread her legs apart showing everyone Ashley spread open pussy and her puckered little asshole. Then Sarah said, "Is there anyone here who wants to inspect this hot pussy while it's spread open ready for inspection?"
All the guys stayed seated but each of them was staring at Ashley's exposed pussy. Even Ashley's brother Paul didn't look away while his sister was on display. Sarah asked, "Has everyone seen enough or do you want me to keep her open like this for awhile longer?"
Paul finally spoke up saying, "Sarah, as much as I love seeing my sister naked and spread wide, I think it's your turn to show us what you have under those clothes."
Sarah let go of Ashley's legs and slowly Ashley stood up. She looked at Sarah and asked, "Do you want some help taking off your clothes?"
Sarah was visibly shaking and she smiled at Ashley before asking, "I'm not as brave as you are and I lost the bet so will you do the honors and take off my clothes and because you were a good sport, I'll even let you show me off like I did to you."
Ashley said, "There's no need to show you off but I do want you completely naked so I'll strip you if you want me to."
Sarah nodded her head affirmatively so Ashley turned Sarah to face everyone then pulled her tank top off leaving Sarah topless. Everyone looked at Sarah's rose colored puffies on her "B" cup tits. Ashley looked around Sarah's body to see what everyone was staring at and when she saw her puffy nipples Ashley said, "Oh wow Sarah, I love your tits. Only a few girls get to have wonderful puffies like that."
Ashley dropped Sarah's tank top and when right to work on Sarah's shorts. Without any fanfare Ashley hooked her thumbs into both Sarah's shorts and panties and pushed both of them down together baring Sarah's bald pussy to everyone's view. Sarah asked, "Are you going to spread my legs like I did to you?"
Ashley patted Sarah on the ass and said, "If you want them to see what you have between your legs then go and sit in your chair and spread them. If you don't want to show anyone then keep your legs closed."
Terri excused herself saying, "I'll get some towels for those who are naked to sit on so we don't stain the furniture. Terri came back with a stack of towels and set them down. She handed one to Sarah and one to Ashley and they spread them out before they sat down.
Terri began saying, "Paul I need your statement and Joe I need your statement." Terri smiled as each guy signed their confidentiality statement without any further questions.
When Terri had all the statements in her hand she said, "Well, this interview has started off more interesting than any of the others I've done. Now that I have your statements, I want to say each of you have signed a document agreeing that anything you hear, see or do here is in fact confidential in nature. That means you can't talk about anything that happens within the boundaries of this property with anyone who hasn't signed a statement for me. I will make a copy of each of your statements for you to take with you when you leave. Are there any questions so far?"
Paul asked, "Are all of us going to be nude like Sarah said? Is that why you are nude?"
"Now that I have all your statements I want to emphasize again, nothing illegal happens on this property. I can also tell you that there will not be any wild sex parties or orgies. The Morrisons are business executives and they are also nudists. They want to keep their corporate lives and their private lives separate therefore each person who will be working here has to sign a confidentiality statement so that information doesn't leave the property. The Morrisons are just regular people who wear clothes when they go to work, however they take them off and live nude when they are at home. They love sex just like everyone else and they like to experiment having sex outside the bedroom just like everyone else. So during your employment here you may see people having sex outside, on the deck, in the pool or maybe even in the hot tub which is probably no more than any of you have done a time or two." Terri said.
"The Morrisons are nudists so they decided to hire nude staff to coincide with their way of life. Therefore each position I fill will be with someone who is already a nudist or is interested enough in nudism to work here nude. Sarah guessed right, we are only going to hire staff that is willing to work completely nude. There is one exception however. If one of us girls has our period, we will be allowed to wear panties only for the duration of our period and then it is back to being nude." Terri said in her business like tone.
Terri continued by saying, "When Ashley, Gus and Debbie were here yesterday to pick up the applications they had a little prelude to what it will be like to be nude with others around. I will leave it up to each of you who are still wearing clothes if you want to remain dressed for the duration of the interview knowing that we are only going to hire people who can work nude."
Gus stood up saying, "I don't have to worry about being nude so I'll take off my clothes and finish the interview nude."
Debbie had already unfastened her bra and was standing pushing her panties down her legs when she said, "I found out yesterday I love being nude and it doesn't matter to me who sees me naked."
Terri handed Gus and Debbie a towel then held one out to Paul and Joe. After a brief hesitation both took the towel and put it on the chair then slowly began to remove their clothes without making a big deal out of it. The females in the room were looking between the three males undressing waiting to see each cock as it was exposed. Gus was first to push his underwear down and his seven and a half inch circumcised cock stood out proudly for him groin. Debbie looked at her father's cock and said, "I got a good view of that yesterday but today it seems bigger and it looks yummy."
Joe dropped his pants and was standing with a tent in his boxers when Debbie said, "Come on Joe show daddy what I've been enjoying all this time. Daddy Joe has a nice long cock."
Joe blushed deeply and was frozen in place so Debbie reached for the waist band of his boxers and looked up into his eyes saying, "Want me to do this for you?"
Joe nodded his head and immediately his boxers were at his feet and his eight inch very thick cock was pointed skyward. Debbie looked at all the other females in the room and said, "Joe and I shave each other bald because we don't want to get hair in our teeth when we sixty-nine."
Ashley looked at Paul just as he was dropping his boxers and she said, "Paul, I've always wondered what you were packing down there and now I won't have to guess anymore. That is one nice hunk of meat."
Paul also blushed and said, "Sis, I've never told you this but I've tried to peek at you more often than I care to count. I really love seeing you completely naked and if you don't mind, I'd love a hug so I can feel our naked bodies pressed together."
Ashley was out of her seat in less than a heartbeat and plastered her naked body so tight against her brother they could have become one. They continued to hug at least a minute before releasing each other and taking their seats again. Both Ashley and Paul were flushed and Paul noticed his cock was leaking so he asked, "Terri may I go to the bathroom so I can get a tissue?"
Terri said, "Sure Paul, the bathroom is right over there."
When Paul came walking back into the room Ashley said, "Paul if you want to get rid of all that hair down there and look like Joe, I volunteer to shave you tonight."
Paul looked at Joe's bald pubic area and balls before he said, "Sure sis, I'd love to have you shave me bald like that."
Gus looked at Debbie saying, "Since you have so much experience shaving Joe, I'll let you do mine later too."
Terri patiently listened to everyone before saying, "After listening to all of you, I can tell you with all honesty, I am really looking for people just like all of you to fill the house cleaning position. We want people who can enjoy being nude at the same time not show any jealously if others see your partner, boyfriend, girlfriend, naked. We are all going to be naked here and I will tell you Jenna Morrison is a very big flirt so jealously can't be in anyone's vocabulary if you're going to work here. From what I see between the six of you sitting here now, I don't think that's going to be a problem."
"The Morrisons understand working nude has a tendency to stimulate members of the opposite sex so if two or more are in agreement to have sex, it is allowed here as long as they do the job they were hired to do. At the same time the Morrisons will not allow anyone to be sexually harassed nor will they allow anyone to be forced or coerced to have sex with another individual." Terri said in her matter of fact voice.
"Does anyone have any questions so far?" Terri asked.
Debbie smiled and asked, "Are you saying I can take care of Joe sexually so he isn't walking around with a hard on and not be reprimanded or fired?"
Terri smiled back at Debbie and said, "As long as Joe agrees to allow you to take care of him sexually, then yes, you may do that for him."
Ashley looked at Paul and said, "Did you hear that brother dear? We are going to be exposed to each other if we get this position so someone can take care of you, if you agree."
Terri said, "Let me get down to business. Gus, Ashley do you have your completed applications and references? Please give both of them to me. While I am looking them over I'm starting this clip board around the room and I want everyone to list their name, address and phone number on the sheet."
Terri reviewed both applications while everyone was signing or waiting to sign the sheet. She glanced at both reference sheets and each one had at least three references listed on them. As she was finishing looking at the pages of paper in her hand the clip board was handed back to her with all six names listed on it.
For the next half-hour Terri explained the duties of the cleaning staff. She made sure to tell them that during parties the staff would be expected to work and clean up both inside and outside. Terri explained that since both companies were small she explained that neither company was in competition with the other and that she really hoped everyone would work well together. She reminded all of them the most important part of their job was to make sure the residence and the immediate surrounding area was clean and safe for the Morrisons and their guests. Terri reminded all of them they would not have to bring any of their company's cleaning equipment with them and if there was anything they needed she would get it for them. As Terri was finishing up she told everyone the Morrisons were having a security gate installed at the end of the driveway and if they were chosen, she would provide them with a code to open the gate.
When Terri finished she stopped and asked, "Does anyone have any questions?"
Sarah asked, "Will you give us a tour of the estate and show us what we will be responsible to keep clean?"
Terri said, "Normally I would do that in a second part of an interview after I have checked references but since all of you seem to be more or less what I'm looking for, I guess it won't hurt to show you. The reason I said more or less is because I haven't called your references yet."
Ashley said with a big smile, "We understand we have to go through the process just like everyone else but if I'm not mistaken you are also seeking people who are comfortable with their bodies enough that they can work nude with others. I think if you look around the room you will see six naked people and no one is covering any of their parts so I would like to suggest I think we have what you are looking for."
Terri said, "Yes you're absolutely right and in all honesty I'm really swaying towards hiring both of your companies and the only thing that is holding me up from saying you can have the position is I need to call your references."
"If you all would like to take a tour, please follow me. I will tell you some of our staff is working out in the garden by the deck so you will see them and they will see all of you. I can tell you their company is made up of a brother two sister and the brother's wife. Also the lady who will be putting up the video monitors for the security gate is here today." Terri said
Terri led everyone through the rooms down the hall from the living room before leading everyone up the stairs to show them those rooms. Terri started with her bedroom and bathroom and after the tour most everyone complimented her on her living quarters. They moved from one room to the other until everyone had seen all the rooms. Terri explained that she would like to have someone come every day to go through the rooms to clean and looking at Gus and Ashley she said, "If your companies are hired, would it be a problem for you to set up a schedule between yourselves so you rotate between each company on a daily basis so each company has equal time? I will want at least two people daily in any combination to clean in the mornings. They should arrive approximately eight o'clock each weekday morning and approximately eleven o'clock on weekend mornings unless I ask for them to come earlier because of an event."
"I can tell you that we are going to have a small party this coming Saturday so whoever I hire will have to come early and get things cleaned up and the towels washed, dried and restocked between all the towel cupboards." Terri said.
Ashley said, "Gus can we work it out where each of us send out one person per day?"
Gus replied, "Ashley if we're hired I know our group will be willing to sit down with your group and we can come up with a viable plan that will benefit both of us."
Terri went on to ask, "Would each of you have additional people who will work with you if we have a large party requiring more people for the cleaning staff?"
Debbie spoke up saying, "Dad, we can always get Joe's brother and sister or my cousin Abby if we needed to get more."
Ashley said, "Terri I can get at least three more people if not more in case of a big party. I think between those that Debbie just mentioned and the people I know about, I'm sure we can handle cleaning up for a large party."
Terri asked, "Of the people you know or just mentioned it is important for you to know if they will work nude with everyone else being nude."
Debbie spoke up saying, "All I would have to do to get Joe's brother naked is to take off my clothes and let him see me. He would be naked in a heartbeat. Joe's sister and Abby will take off their clothes if I do."
Ashley said, "I can get the people I'm thinking of to take off their clothes without much difficulty."
The group moved back downstairs and through the kitchen onto the deck. No one was on the deck so Terri led everyone over to the railing and when they looked, they saw four naked people working in the garden wearing only their sneakers. Terri asked, "Can you guys take a break, I'd like to introduce you to some people who may fill the house cleaning position."
All four of them stopped working and walked up on the deck before Terri said as she pointed to each person, "I'd like to introduce you to Tony, his wife Patty, his sister Barbie and last but not least Tony's sister Beth." Turning back to the group Terri pointed to each person and said, "This is Ashley, then we have Joe who is Debbie's boyfriend, then there's Paul and he is Ashley's brother, over there is Gus and he is Debbie's father, now please meet Debbie you heard so much about and finally but certainly no less important that is Sarah standing over there."
Terri went on to explain to the new group that Tony takes care of the lawns and Patty and his sisters are the landscapers. Then she said with a huge smile, "As you can see we already have a family working side by side while they are naked so if we hire you guys, you'll just join other families."
After everyone had a chance to talk briefly Terri showed the new group the pool, hot tub and sauna. Terri said, "We have someone who cleans the pool and hot tub but the area around both will need to be cleaned along with the sauna. Over in the back we have the shower area which will need to be cleaned daily and there is a cupboard with towels that will need replenishing each day. I'll show you the laundry room where you will wash whatever dirty clothes there are, though there won't be many, but there will be plenty of towels daily."
Terri was still standing around talking with the group in the kitchen when Marion walked through the sliding glass doors and went to the refrigerator to get something to drink. Everyone looked at her and after getting her drink Marion turned and looked at all the naked people. When they had been out on the deck, Marion had been floating in the pool and hadn't really paid any attention to everyone. Now she was confronted with three cocks of various sizes.
Terri was quick to say, "Marion I'd like to introduce you to some wonderful people who are applying for the position of house cleaner. Right here in the front is Gus, next to him is his daughter Debbie, Joe is over there and he's Debbie's boyfriend, next to Debbie is Sarah, finally over there standing side by side is Ashley and her brother Paul."
Marion shyly said, "I'm very happy to meet all of you."
Terri turned to the group and said, "I don't know what all of you have planned for today and I don't want to hold you up if you have other places to clean today but if all of you would like to go out on the deck and give me about a half-hour, I'll make some calls then make a decision."
Ashley said, "May I have a couple of minutes to talk to Paul and Sarah?"
Gus said, "I'd like to talk to Debbie and Joe to."
Terri said, "I will step out on the deck, let me know when you're ready."
Marion and Terri walked out on the deck and Marion turned and whispered, "Did you see the size of Joe's cock and Gus's cock, wow they look great. The other guy has way too much hair down there to see much of him."
Terri giggled and said with mock shock, "Marion! I'm surprised at you talking like that so soon after becoming a nudist."
"Terri to tell you the truth, I've never felt more alive than I do at this moment. I've never been exposed to all this nudity with both sexes and I'm confused which one I want to look at more." Marion continued saying.
"I'm so turned on right now my pussy is soaking wet from allowing all four of these guys seeing my pussy. I could start dripping at any time." Terri said to Marion with more giggles.
"Terri, can you come in here for a second?" Ashley asked.
Terri and Marion walked back into the kitchen and saw everyone gathered around in a half circle. Gus was the first to speak when he said, "We have all discussed what we would do if both our companies were chosen to fill the position of house cleaner. We want to tell you that we as this group standing before you would like to say, we are very interested in joining forces and working together for you. We have talked it over and we can cover anything you have for us to do and we can cover with additional help in case you are hosting a large party. What I am saying is we would like you to seriously consider our two companies as your new house cleaning service."
Ashley smiled as she looked at each member of the group before looking back at Terri adding, "We can start tomorrow morning and have a representative from each company here to clean and do whatever needs doing. All of us are comfortable with being nude as you can tell and we are asking you for a chance to prove we can do the job for you."
Terri said, "If all of you will step out on the deck and wait for me to make some phone calls to your references, I will make a decision immediately after. Would each of you like a cold bottle of water before you go out there?"
All accepted a bottle of water then filed through the sliding glass doors and out onto the deck. Terri picked up the reference lists and went into the den and sat down at the desk and started making phone calls. For the next twenty minutes Terri talked to a number of people before she had enough information to make a decision.
Terri walked out on the deck and everyone looked at her. Terri smiled saying, "What I'm about to say wasn't in my plans for today. However, when I am faced with a situation where I have qualified people willing to do the job that needs to be done and those people seem to blend in perfectly with our lifestyle, I have to say I am willing to give both companies a chance to prove they can do the job. That being said, I want to congratulate our new house cleaning staff."
Cheers rose from the group as they hugged and joyously congratulated each other. One by one they took turns walking over to Terri and asking for permission to give her a hug. Unbeknown to each of them Terri loved the closeness of a hug from each of them no matter if they were male or female. Of course having three hard cocks poking her stomach served to make her pussy over flowing. When the hugs finished Terri excused herself for a moment and in parting she said, "Please decide who will be here tomorrow morning and I will be right back."
Terri went up to her bathroom and did her best to dry her pussy but as she did she noticed her clit was protruding slightly and when the wet wash cloth touched it, mini shock waved jolted her system enough to make her knees buckle and her legs shake. She cleaned herself up the best she could and then when back downstairs.
When Terri rejoined everyone on the deck, she noticed immediately that Tony, Patty, Barbie and Beth had stopped working and had joined the others on the deck while all of them talked causally. Smiling she walked over to the group which included Marion and Terri said, "I am glad to see everyone getting used to being nude in front of each other. When Kim first told me she wanted a complete nude staff I had visions of people getting pissed off and walking out of the house and slamming the door. Now that I'm seeing all of you standing around completely nude and socializing as if all of you were clothed is heartwarming and re-affirms that I made the right decision in hiring the right cleaning staff."
Terri asked, "Have you made up your mind who will be coming out here tomorrow morning?"
Ashley spoke up saying, "We've decided that Debbie and I will start out cleaning every day unless we find we need muscles to move something and in that case we all have cell phones and we can call one of the guys to come help us for the length of time we need him, then he can go do another job."
Ok, I'm glad you have enough flexibility to stay on top of everything. Also I've reviewed the rates listed in each of your application packages. Both rates were within a dollar from each other so I took the higher rate and applied it to both companies. I'm very happy to tell you the Morrisons have authorized me the ability to add a premium to the rates if I feel the cleaning staff meets our expectations. Therefore I've added the premium and will have a contract ready for your signatures tomorrow morning reflecting the higher rate. Ashley I know you will be here tomorrow to sign your contract but Gus can Debbie sign the contract for your company?"
Gus smiled broadly saying, "Yes Debbie is authorized to sign our contract."
Terri said with a smile, "Well that concludes the business of your interview and I have to say I am very happy to have all of you on the staff. I look forward to working with all of you. Please remember if you need anything, let me know and I will get it for you."
Everyone mingled and talked for another half an hour or so and no one seemed to be embarrassed with their body being on display for the others to see. Marion stood talking to Joe and it was obvious she looked down at his cock more than she was looking at his face. Debbie eventually strolled over to Joe's side and talked a little with Marion before she saw Marion look down. Debbie smiled and said, "Joe has a nice long cock doesn't he?"
Marion was a little shocked at being caught staring but finally in a quiet voice she said, "Yes, he does."
Debbie reached out and stroked it a few times then asked Marion, "Would you like to stroke him, he loves it when I do it and I'm sure he will be in seventh heaven if you stroke his cock."
Marion recoiled in shock saying, "I'm a married woman, I can't touch another man's cock!"
Debbie said, "It's ok, you don't have to but if you ever want to see how it feels in your hand, Joe won't stop you. Will you honey?"
Joe smiled at Marion and said, "Anytime you want to pet my pony, you're welcome to do it."
Ashley finally said, "Hey I don't want to be a party pooper but we have some houses scheduled for this afternoon so we have to get going."
Gus said, "Yeah, we do too. As much as I hate to leave here, we'd better get going as well."
Terri had made copies of everyone's confidentiality statement so while they were walking past here she handed each one a copy of their statement for their records.
Everyone walked back into the house and straight to the living room where they'd left their clothes and started dressing. Marion followed along because she was still talking to Sarah and Paul and she watched everyone get dressed. When Marion saw Debbie only put on her bra and boyshort panties she asked, "Debbie where are your other clothes?
Debbie smiled as she replied, "I didn't wear anything else today. These cover more than my bikini does so people will just have to think I'm wearing my swim wear."
Marion said, "But I can see the outline of your pussy through the material, aren't you worried about being arrested?"
Debbie said, "No, I'm covered."
When everyone was finished dressing they started walking towards the front door saying their goodbyes. Terri opened up the door for them and walked out on the porch along with Marion and the others. One last goodbye and everyone walked toward their cars and drove off.
Terri and Marion were still standing on the porch when they saw Ted's truck drive up the driveway. Ted parked in front of the garage and walked over to the porch and after greeting both Terri and his wife he stepped over to Marion and pulled her body into his and kissed her passionately. After exchanging I love you with each other Ted stepped back and said, "Honey I am so glad to see you adjusting to this new lifestyle so quickly. I called home but when you didn't answer I thought you went shopping or something. I'm very glad to see your lovely naked body standing here in the day light."
Marion smiled looking at Terri before asking, "Should I tell him the rest of the story?"
Ted immediately asked, "What story?"
Terri giggled and said, "Slow down there big boy, your lovely wife accomplished a lot more than just standing here on the porch naked."
Ted looked at Marion saying, "Ok baby, spill the beans, what did you do?"
Marion giggled like a school girl while she replied, "Oh nothing really. I just came over to visit Terri and I only wore my button up the front sun dress, you know the one you like me to wear. After I got in my car I unbuttoned it all the way and slipped my arms out of the sleeves and drove over here basically naked. When I got here I left my dress off and carried it on my arm so I was naked when Terri opened the door for me. I thought I would come out here and hang out with Terri and get used to being nude with only her being here, but to my surprise I met Tony, his wife Patty and both Tony's sisters Barbie and Beth who are working in the garden today. Then to top it all off, Terri held an interview with six people for the house cleaning position she's filling. So what I'm telling you honey, I've been here completely naked as you see me now with eleven other people, counting Terri."
Ted stood looking wide eyed at Marion with his mouth open before he finally responded, "Are you joking with me or are you serious?"
Terri spoke up saying, "When Marion arrived this morning she arrived naked with her dress on her arm. She told me she wanted to hang out with me and get used to being nude before being around anyone else. So we sat down for coffee and we have a few moments together before Barbie and Beth needed to use the bathroom and came into the house. I knew they were outside working but I didn't tell Marion until after they came in and then I took her out to meet Tony and Patty. Afterwards I told her I had some people coming for an interview so she stayed out on the deck and talked to Tony, Patty, Barbie and Beth. Before the interview was over we ended up on the deck and I introduced everyone. So Marion is correct when she said she's been naked with eleven people and four of them were males."
Ted hugged Marion close to him saying, "I love you honey and I'm so proud of you for staying here when you found out the others were here."
Marion said, "Well get out of those clothes and come in so we can go out and talk to Tony and the girls."
Ted didn't have to be told twice to take off his clothes. He left his clothes by the closet near the front door and walked holding Marion tight to his body out onto the deck. When they got over to the deck railing Ted saw Tony, his wife and sisters were busy in the garden. Smiling Ted greeted all of them by saying, "Hey Tony, it's nice to see ya working so hard. Are you going to introduce me to your lovely wife and sisters today? I understand you've already met my wife Marion."
Tony said to his wife and sisters, "Let's take a break and I'll introduce you to one of our city's long-time donut eaters."
Ted smiled saying, "Hey, hey that's only a nasty rumor started by Dunkin' Donuts so they could sell more donuts."
Up on the deck Tony said, "Ted this is my lovely and talented wife Patty and these two beautiful young ladies over here are Barbie and Beth."
Ted shook hands with each one as Tony introduced them then he stepped back saying, "All three of you look very beautiful and I'm so glad that we met out here at the Morrisons so I won't have to guess what you look like under clothes."
Marion slapped Ted on the back saying, "Don't do that Ted, you're making the girls blush."
Tony said, "Well Marion, I've always wondered what kind of woman would put up with a lug like Ted and I have to tell you, with a body like yours, you could have done much better!"
Ted's mouth dropped open and Patty slapped Tony on the back saying, "I think Ted has a very nice package hanging down there. Unless it doesn't work, Marion should be a very happy lady."
Marion shocked Ted when she reached down and stroked his cock a few times before saying with a wide grin, "Umm Patty it does very good but you know what they say, variety is the spice of life."
Suddenly all the females burst out laughing while Tony and Ted stood looking at each other. Tony finally said, "Hey Ted, I think they just stole our male saying."
Beth spoke up saying, "I'm enjoying the view of both of cocks pointing skyward and I don't mind saying, either one looks delicious to me."
Marion giggled and said pointing at Ted's cock, "This one is donut flavored."
Everyone but Ted started laughing but Tony laughed the loudest and longest as he stepped forward and extended his arms towards Marion to hug her. Marion was also laughing as she stepped into Tony's arms and their naked bodies pressed firmly against each other with Tony's cock trapped between their lower abdomens. When they stepped back Marion said, "Hmm, that felt great Tony, we'll have to do that again some time."
Patty walked over to Ted and pressed her naked body again his then she started to grind her pubic area against his cock saying, "Hum, Ted this feels wonderful. I could get used to this."
After enjoying the feeling of Patty's naked body rubbing against his, Ted said as he ran his hands up and down her back, "Yep, sure feels great to me too. Now I know why Tony left you in the garage the other day when he came out to talk to me. You've got all the right moves to make a dead man hard."
Patty leaned back keeping her pubic area pressed tightly against Ted's cock and said, "I love your compliment and it excites me to know I still have it."
Beth was watching all the sexy stuff going on and finally she said, "I don't know about all of you but my pussy needs some attention. Patty can I borrow your husband for a little while?"
Patty looked at Beth and started laughing before she said, "Ask your brother if you can borrow his cock to get off, you horny lil witch."
Marion watched as Beth walked over to her brother and passionately kissed him as she stroked his cock a few times before she dropped to her knees and said, "I want this wonderful piece of meat in my hot juicy pussy brother dear."
Tony looked around and saw everyone was watching before saying, "Beth you shouldn't be doing this."
Ted said with a laugh, "Hey Tony, leave the girl alone obviously she needs something you've got."
Beth convinced Tony to lie down on the deck and she quickly straddled him and aimed his hard cock towards her waiting pussy. When she sat down, Beth yelled, "OH FUCK THAT FEELS GREAT! Tony your cock fills my pussy so full, ohhhhh it's so good!"
Beth braced her hands on Tony's well toned chest and started grinding her pussy against Tony's crotch in between bouncing up and down on Tony's cock. Soon both of them were moaning in pleasure and breathing hard while their bodies quivered with pleasure.
Marion walked over next to Ted and whispered to him, "Ted are you crazy, Beth is his sister."
Ted looked at Marion asking quietly, "Do you want to go over there and help her then?"
Marion again leaned towards Ted and whispered, "I can't do that Ted. You know I've never had another man other than you."
Ted smiled at his wife and said in a very quiet voice, "Honey you know I love you very much and I will do anything to make you happy. Here at the Morrisons we, as a couple, have an opportunity to explore even more than we would have at our own home. We are seeing and learning new things and I want you to understand, if the urge strikes you, I want you to know you can do what you want. We are at a private residence and all of us have signed confidentiality statements so you know no one is going to talk about any of this outside the property boundaries. This would be the only place you can play if you want to and get away with it. Honey do you remember those fantasies we shared with each other a few years ago and we've talked about them while enjoying sex every now and then? We can make those fantasies happen here, if you want to. For my part I'll wait for your cue because I love you so much I don't want to do anything to ruin our relationship. If you decide to act I will support whatever decision you make."
After listening to Ted, Marion dropped down on her knees and for the first time in her life she was going to have some form of sex in front of others. Marion stroked Ted's cock towards her mouth until she finally leaned forward enough to kiss the head of it before opening her mouth wide enough to engulf his large mushroom head between her sweet lips. Marion swirled her tongue around the rim of his cockhead and Ted moaned loudly in appreciation for Marion's efforts.
Patty, Barbie and Terri stood leaning against the railing watching the four people enjoying themselves. Patty said, "I am so glad we took this position out here with the Morrisons because our sex lives have improved dramatically. We've talked about everything and we made an agreement to enjoy ourselves and to try whatever comes up without any restrictions on either of us."
Terri leaned forward and asked, "Have you ever kissed a girl?"
Patty replied, "Hmm, I sure you're not asking me about family and friend kisses on the cheek. I guess the answer to your question would be no, I haven't."
Terri moved closer to Patty asking, "Would you like to try it now?"
Patty turned towards Terri and held out her arms and both of them stepped forward, but Terri is the one who took the lead and kissed Patty passionately as her hands roamed over Patty's body. They had been kissing and exploring each other's body when Terri reached between them moving lower until her hand cupped Patty's pussy. Terri gently squeezed her pussy mound a couple times before Terri inserted her middle finger into the hot, soaking wet depths causing Patty to melt into Terri's body and moan loudly. Terri continued her exploration of Patty's pussy making brief contact with Patty's clit. Each time Patty's legs would wobble a little but she remained standing.
Marion heard Patty's moan behind her so she stopped sucking Ted's cock and turned her head to see what was happening. She watched Patty and Terri for a few seconds then turned her head back towards Ted and looked up into his face with a smiled on her face. Marion moved and pulled Ted with her so she could suck Ted and watch the two girls making out by the railing while the other one was busy rubbing her clit by herself.
Female moans could be heard from a couple spots but one was increasing in volume as she neared her orgasm. Beth was covered with sweat as he continued to drive Tony's cock deep into her womb and each time she sat down a squishing sound was easily heard by everyone. Their combined juices were slowly rolling off the base of Tony's cock down across his balls and dripping on the deck. With a final burst of energy, loud moans, and a scream "I'm cumming!" Beth ground her pussy spasmodically in a circular motion on Tony's pubic area.
Suddenly Tony exclaimed, "Sis I'm cumming too! I'm gonna fill your pussy with my hot cum!"
Both of them vibrated in ecstasy for the next few seconds before Beth collapsed down on Tony's body and both of them tried to catch their breath.
Meanwhile Marion was working Ted's cock while he held the sides of her head. Ted was watching both his wife devour his cock and Patty and Terri making out over by the railing. He saw that Patty now had her finger on Terri's clit and both girls were pumping their hips in rhythm as each worked towards their own orgasm. Both of them moaned into each other's mouth and Ted felt his own cum starting to move so he warned Marion, "I'm going to cum soon are you ready?"
Marion revved up her efforts working Ted's cock and he started breathing in ragged gasps. He could hear and see the two girls as both of them started to spasm as their orgasms ripped through their bodies and Ted blew his load into his wife's sucking mouth. Ted's knees started to buckle as he was cumming and he had to brace himself by moving his hands down to Marion's shoulders to sturdy himself. When he was finished cumming he encouraged Marion to stand up by lifting under her arms and then he embraced her and kissed her tasting his own cum still on Marion's tongue.
Meanwhile over by the railing both Patty and Terri were trying to catch their breath. Patty said, "Wow that was so fucking hot. Terri, you're a great kisser."
Terri smiled and said, "Patty I'm not a lesbian but I have learned that I'm bisexual and sometime I would like to take you in a different way which I know you will love even more.
Ted looked at his wife and said, "Your turn to be pleasured."
Marion whispered in Ted's ear, "Are you sure, everyone will be watching?"
Ted picked Marion up and carried her to one of the chairs and sat her down before kneeling in front of her and opening her legs wide enough so everyone could see her pussy in all its glory. Ted smiled up at Marion saying, "Enjoy yourself."
Ted looked at Marion's glistening pussy and saw that Marion was really turned on by everything that has been happening around her. Ted was an excellent lover in the oral sex department and every time he went down on Marion, it took her at least five minutes to recover. The shy wife out in public Marion had a fantasy of being spread out, possibly tied up or handcuffed so other people could view her naked body and she wouldn't have the ability to do anything about it. Being spread out like she was now with everyone standing around watching her receiving oral sex was a preliminary to that fantasy. As Marion looked around at all the faces staring at her, she could feel her female juices start to flow more freely, lubricating her love canal. Soon Ted had her moaning and moving trying to get more of his teasing tongue but Ted had other ideas. Ted moved quickly to close Marion's legs and coax her to come out of her chair and kneel on the deck. Ted moved her so she was facing everyone then he pushed slightly on her back and she immediately knew he wanted her on her hands and knees. Once she was in position Ted moved closer behind her lining his cock up with her well lubricated pussy. When he pushed forward Marion's juices caused a loud squishing sound. He started fucking Marion by holding her hips and driving his cock deep inside her. To make Marion more aware of the people watching her being fucked and her lovely tits swinging, Ted said quietly, "Hold your head up and look at all those people watching you get your pussy hammered."
Marion blushed while she looked and saw everyone had stopped what they were doing and now she was the centerpiece of the entertainment as she was getting fucked. Privately, Marion was overjoyed being the center of attention but outwardly she blushed. Ted was so excited that he and Marion were finally able to live out part of a fantasy he didn't last long and was soon saying, "Honey, I'm gonna cum."
Marion replied, "Hurry up because I am almost there myself and we can cum to together."
Within the next thirty seconds Ted moaned loudly and Marion sounded off with a series of moans and soft mini screams as she shuddered and shook. When it was finished they both took a few minutes to re-coup before standing up. Ted's cock was coated with a rapid drying mixture of his cum and Marion's juices. At first Marion was slightly embarrassed for acting out one of her fantasies but that faded quickly when everyone congratulated her on how great she looked being fucked.
Tony was the first to say, I'm going to use the shower then take a dip in the pool before going back to work. Everyone watched as Barbie and Tony walked hand in hand to the open air shower on the other side of the pool. The shower was only a shower head and two faucets attached to the wall over the top of a platform with a drain in the center of it. So anyone on the deck could watch the person taking his or her shower. And everyone did watch as Tony adjusted the water and stepped under the spray then making room for Barbie to get wet also. Her proximity to Tony made his cock start to rise which didn't go unnoticed by Barbie. She put some soap on her hands and stated stroking his cock not only to clean it but to make it hard. Barbie might have been blonde haired but she couldn't be fooled like the proverbial blonde jokes always indicated. Once Tony was hard, Barbie turned around and bent over and reached between her legs and aimed Tony's cock at her pussy. Tony didn't need any more prompting so he pushed his hips forward burying his cock deep inside his sister. Tony felt how tight, hot and wet she was and enjoyed the feeling as he looked to see everyone watching him fuck his sister. All those times she had teased him wearing only panties and bra in front of him came flooding back to his memory and now he had his cock deep in that cherished place between her legs.
Within a few minutes both of them were pumping hard with Barbie pushing her ass back towards Tony's crotch and Tony using her hips as leverage to make sure he could get as deep inside his sister as possible. Their undulating soon began to quicken as their breathing became ragged with Barbie building in volume in her cute little noises. Almost simultaneously each one expressed their pending orgasm was near and would soon explode. Shortly thereafter both of them began to feel the effects of their orgasm seize their bodies making both weak in the knees and their legs wobble as they experienced one of the most fantastic orgasms they had ever had.
When they were able to, they finished their shower and called out "NEXT" as they stepped out from under the spray and walked towards the pool. Ted looked at Marion saying, "Let's go take a shower then we can get in the pool for a few minutes before I have had to get dressed and go check on how the guys are making out digging for the footings."
Ted and Marion took a quick shower and then walked towards the pool leaving the water running for Terri and Beth. After both of them finished their shower they also walked down the concrete steps into the pool to relax.
After everyone was settled in the pool Ted said to Terri, "My guys are working at the end of the driveway with the backhoe digging the holes so we can pour the footings for the pillars tomorrow. I went over to the concrete prefab company and picked out the pillars I want and they told me they will deliver and set the pillars for me. So please tell Dan and Kim there won't be an extra charge for the wrecker. I ordered the gate and all the hardware I need and that will be delivered in three days. I told the company I want to store the electronic items in the garage. So when the company delivers, they will come to the door and you will have to open the garage for them. That's about all the news I have for Dan and Kim right now."
Terri replied, "Ok I will let them know when they come home tonight."
Tony and Ted talked about the security gate and how it would work while the females all gathered together and talked about girl stuff.
One of the things that Marion was interested in hearing more about was how long Tony and his sister have been enjoying each other's bodies. Barbie explained how she and Beth had teased Tony as they were growing up and then leaving him with an obvious hard on. Then Patty jumped in and explained how the circumstances had escalated into Tony and Barbie making love for the first time in the garage the other day. Patty said she was so turned on by watching Tony with his sister she and Tony talked about it and they came to the conclusion all four of them would share. Beth said the nice part of making love here at the Morrisons, we don't have to worry about anyone going away from here and telling anyone because we've all signed our confidentiality statement. Beth said none of them had to worry about getting pregnant because all three of them were taking birth control pills. Marion replied, "That was going to be my next question."
The girls giggled and Beth said, "Tony knows how to use that hunk of meat he has swinging and the best part is it seems like it's always hard even if he's just taken care of one of us a short time ago."
Patty looked in Tony's direction and said, "Marion, watch Tony's cock."
Marion said, "What are you going to do?"
Barbie jumped up on the edge of the pool and spread her legs then Beth moved between her sister's spread legs and started to lick Barbie's clit. At first she used her tongue to gently touch her sister's lil button and then she used her lips to pull Barbie's clit into her mouth. Immediately Barbie started pumping her hips up against Beth's soft tender lips and her wiggling tongue.
Marion glanced at both Ted and Tony and saw them watching the action between Beth and Barbie, but remained at a distance talking. Marion looked down in the water and saw both men with a hard cock pointing straight out from their groin. Terri and Patty looked at the guys and smiled knowing they will want some attention soon. Patty turned to Terri asking, "Would you like me to do the same to you as Beth is doing to Barbie?"
Terri smiled and hopped up on the edge of the pool and as she learned back on her hands she parted her legs. Patty stepped between Terri's creamy thighs and started rubbing her hands up and down those wonderful well toned thighs. Each time she moved her hands closer to the apex where the glorious prize waited. Slowly Terri laid backwards until she was on her back giving Patty total access to her bald, wet, glistening pussy. Patty never missed a moment as she moved forward using her fingers to explore and open the lovely flower before her eyes. At the top of the glistening mound was a small nub waiting for attention. Although Patty was very inexperienced in what she was about to do, she leaned forward and started doing what she knew felt good to her. Soon she had Terri pumping her hips and moaning loudly. Patty stopped briefly and looked at Marion and asked, "Would you like to try this? Terri's pussy tastes delicious."
Marion's head snapped around and she looked at Ted then back at Patty before saying in a very quiet voice, "I've never done anything like that before, I don't know what to do."
Patty said, "Do to her the same thing that makes your pussy tingle. Lick her clit. If you don't want to continue, let me know and I will take over for you."
Ted and Tony moved closer to the females and Tony reached around Patty and started to massage her lovely tits as they watched Beth and Barbie and now Marion and Terri. Tony moved in closer to Patty and pushed his hard cock against her ass cheeks. Ted followed what Tony was doing but with Marion bent over licking Terri's pussy Ted was able to slip his cock into Marion's well lubricated pussy. Marion moaned into Terri's pussy causing a vibration which caused Terri to moan. Patty moved over to the side of the pool and leaned forward giving Tony full access to her pussy from behind. It didn't take Tony long before he buried his cock deep inside his wife and began to move in and out of her tight and juicy love tunnel.
Loud moaning and rapid breathing increased in level and seemed like each person was trying to outdo each other as they aimed toward sexual gratification. Their ragged breathing blended well with the personal moaning into a symphony of sound. Finally in a spectacular finish each person enjoyed their own orgasm to its fullest while vocally expressing their gratitude to the partner giving them so much pleasure.
When it quieted down and everyone took a few minutes to rest, it suddenly dawned on Marion that she had performed oral sex on another female for the first time in her life. Marion said, "I can't believe I just did that to you."Before Marion could say too much Terri cut her off as she slipped back down into the water to stand by Marion and Ted saying, "Marion thank you so much, you made me feel so sexy."
Terri stepped towards Marion and held out her arms pulling Marion into a hug and then Terri kissed Marion on the lips with totally surprised her however she accepted the kiss and kissed Terri back.
Sexually satisfied, everyone settled back and rested in the water talking. Marion was the first to express her gratitude to everyone for allowing her to feel comfortable enough to act out her fantasy. Beth, Barbie and Terri also expressed their new found comfort with the present company to enjoy themselves sexually. Everyone floated in the water enjoying the moment. What a wonderful day this started out to be.
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please take a couple of seconds to rate this story below.
****************************