Jackie
I first "met" Jackie as I browsed the stories on Literotica, looking for accounts of women who were exploring their bisexual sides. I don't think of myself as bisexual, but I do have many erotic fantasies about women. So reading about it first seemed like a nice, safe thing to do.
That is until I got to know Jackie. I learned quickly that the words "safe" and "Jackie" don't belong in the same sentence. But, I'm getting ahead of myself.
I stumbled onto her story one night after my husband had gone off to bed. He works hard, gets up early, goes to bed early, and as a result, our sex life is pretty well programmed. I've found Literotica to be a badly needed outlet and a way to explore new feelings and thoughts.
Jackie's story told of how she seduced a young female shoe clerk. She noticed the pretty blonde, who appeared to be in her mid-20's, working alone one evening in her store in the mall. So Jackie decided to stop in and do some "shopping." Did I mention that Jackie was parading around the mall in a short, full skirt and no panties? That's an important part of this story.
Jackie entered the store just like any other shopper and asked the attractive young clerk to help her try on a few pairs of shoes. The clerk—named Lisa—obliged and Jackie proceeded to show Lisa her bare pussy.
Now, an episode like that might end for you and me with an invitation to get the hell out of the store. But for Jackie, it ended with a ménage a trois between her, Lisa and Lisa's boyfriend. Such is life with Jackie.
Anyway, I loved the story and wrote Jackie an admiring e-mail telling her so. She was nice enough to write back and we began a cautious correspondence, which gradually got less and less cautious as the weeks went by. Before long, we were sharing our intimate secrets and talking about the things that turn us on and what we'd like to do to one another if we ever met.
After several months of e-mails and chats that left us panting for each other, we finally agreed to meet in New Orleans. Jackie made all the arrangements and it was a fabulous three days of sex, shopping, sex, eating, sex, drinking. And did I mention the sex? She was just as beautiful as I had pictured and was a bundle of sexual energy—an orgasm just waiting to happen.
Jackie was only 5-2, an inch shorter than I am, but her personality just filled the room. She had beautiful fawn colored hair that barely touched her shoulders and soulful hazel eyes. Jackie preferred short, full dresses that "flared and flounced," as she put it, and she preferred her underwear home in the dresser drawer.
After our long weekend in the Big Easy, we were amazed at how sexually compatible we turned out to be. I kidded her that we must have been cloned from the same cell, that we had the same sexual DNA. Whatever it was, it was very, very good and both of us wanted more.
We couldn't wait to schedule another rendezvous, and this time the arrangements were up to me. So I chose my favorite city in the world—New York. We agreed to meet there over the long Labor Day weekend. Two days would definitely not be enough for what I had planned.
New York
I sat at Gate 21 at JFK International waiting for Jackie's plane to arrive. We had scheduled our flights to arrive at nearly the same time, and mine was first by not quite an hour. I had picked JFK instead of LaGuardia so we could enjoy a longer limo ride into the city.
Jackie bustled out of the jet way, and tried to spot me, looking around and between, rather than over the teeming crowd. She was radiant, as usual, and her smile got even wider the minute she saw me waiting.
We rushed to each other and hugged like lovers who had been separated far too long, as we had, and I could tell that once again Jackie had left her underwear at home. Not that I intended to complain. Instead, I held her close and enjoyed the feel of her nipples touching mine through our thin blouses.
(I had dispensed with my bra for this trip, but panties were still an essential part of my wardrobe). I could feel that Jackie was wearing her two nipple rings, which she reserved for the times when she intended to be really naughty. That was a very good omen of things to come!
As we made our way through the terminal, holding hands and dodging people, heads turned to admire Jackie in her short, full skirt that hit her at mid-thigh when she was standing still. But, of course, she was not standing still. She was striding to keep up with me, and her 4-inch stiletto heels caused her lovely behind to sway sensuously, and her skirt to flounce as she walked.
It was obvious that both of us had left our bras at home, as our nipples saluted proudly, standing hard and erect with the excitement of seeing each other and the excitement of being seen. Anyone with moderately good vision and no aversion to staring at a pair of beautiful tits could make out the outline of Jackie's nipple jewelry—two little golden hearts dangling playfully.
My 34-C breasts had their own way of attracting attention, swaying and bouncing freely as we hurried along. My breasts were the one thing that occasionally took the spotlight from Jackie for just a moment, and I thoroughly enjoyed the sensation of eyes darting from her to me and back again as we walked.
As we neared the main terminal, I kept an eye open for the limousine I'd reserved. Sure enough, there in the line with all the other drivers holding up signs featuring the names of various passengers, I saw our man.
I knew he was ours by the grim look on his face and his sign, which read, "Two Sluts."
Jackie practically doubled over with laughter when she saw the sign and the irritated expression of the poor driver. And when she bent forward to laugh, it actually served two purposes. First, to show me how delighted she was at my little joke. And second, to give passers-by a good look at her breasts as they were fully revealed by her low-cut blouse.
We grabbed the driver's arm and hauled him to the baggage claim to help us with our luggage. He followed us to two carousels, and by the time we had collected everything, he was loaded down with five good sized bags. He hoisted four of them into the trunk and I grabbed the fifth and hauled it into the passenger compartment with Jackie and me.
In 15 more minutes, we were comfortably ensconced in the back seat and the limo was winding its way through traffic toward the heart of the Big Apple.
Watch out, New York. Sarah and Jackie had arrived!
The Limousine
"You look so delicious I could just eat you up," I told Jackie as I took the opportunity to admire her fully for the first time today.
The limo was purring along the toll way into town, the sounds of the road and the city muffled by the car's heavy, tinted windows and the soft leather that encased the passenger compartment and covered the luxurious seats. The privacy glass between the driver and passengers was closed, giving us the feeling of additional seclusion.
"Okay, have at it," she responded with that devilish grin of hers, at the same time hiking her dress to her waist and spreading her legs.
I had always been entranced by Jackie's pussy, which was clean-shaven to reveal almost every intimate detail of her sex. And, as was the case today, her outer lips were generally slightly parted from her state of almost constant arousal. Her slit was shiny with her nectar, which had already started to run down toward the leather seat.
"This is for you, Lover," she purred as she ran both hands slowly up the insides of her thighs, bringing them to rest on either side of her lips. She used her hands then to open herself more fully, revealing the pinkness of her inner folds, made shiny and wet by her arousal.
I made a mental note that either she was really glad to see me, or she had been playing with herself on the plane. I concluded it was probably both.
"Remember our deal, Darling. No cumming until tonight," reminding Jackie of our agreement not to allow ourselves an orgasm of any kind for one week before our New York adventure. It had been a long and frustrating week for both of us, but I was sure that the intensity of our experience tonight would more than make up for our sacrifice.
"You'd better make me cum at least seven times tonight," she demanded only half in jest, "to make up for the past week. I can't believe I let you talk me into that!"
"Here, maybe this will make you feel better," I offered, as I reached for the single piece of luggage that I had kept inside the limo. Opening it, I revealed two outfits that I had selected for Jackie and me to wear to dinner that evening.
"We have reservations at a really nice restaurant, but we are going to be pressed for time to make them. We're going to have to change in the car on the drive in."
Jackie perked up when she saw the new outfit and her nipples perked up when she heard we were going to change in the car. She immediately unbuttoned her blouse, slipped off her skirt and sat there smiling at me in her 4-inch stilettos and gold nipple jewelry.
"Oh, wait," she giggled, then reached over and pushed the button that lowered the privacy window. I looked up and met the driver's eyes in the rear view mirror. This time I could tell that he was a little happier to have "two sluts" as his passengers.
"Now, your turn, Sarah," Jackie teased, as I glanced at the driver again, then back at her.
Two sets of eyes were on me as I slowly unbuttoned my blouse and let it fall from my shoulders. My nipples hardened further, feeling the cool draft from the air conditioning and the attention they were receiving from Jackie and the driver.
"Now the skirt, Lover."
I reached around behind me, making my breasts stand out even more prominently for the driver and my sister slut, and unfastened the skirt. Taking a deep breath, I slid it down my legs and off, trying to be as casual as Jackie had been about the whole thing.
But I was not casual about displaying myself for the driver. Jackie was the exhibitionist. I was supposed to be the voyeur on this trip. But she had already turned the tables on me.
I glanced down and saw the large wet spot soaking the crotch of my red thong. Of course, I already knew it was there. I had been wet ever since Jackie had opened herself to me at the beginning of our ride.
When I looked up, I was aware of two more pairs of eyes—Jackie's and the driver's—looking at the same wet spot, which by this time had grown even larger. They were both waiting to see what I would do next.
Before I could even decide, Jackie surprised me by reaching over quickly, hooking her fingers on either side of my waistband, and literally jerking the red thong off me. The cool rush of air hitting my wet pussy made me gasp, and I think I heard a similar sound from the driver.
Right away, he could see that there was one marked difference between Jackie and me. While her pussy was shaved and totally bare, my own mound was covered with a neatly trimmed triangle of black hair—even darker than the brown curls on my head.
Little droplets of arousal had already collected on my bush, a fact that did not go unnoticed by either of the observers. In fact, Jackie playfully reached over, ran her finger along my wet slit and slid it into her mouth.
She made a point of sucking her finger as she would a cock, slowly and sensuously, while she looked from my eyes to the driver's and back again. Then for good measure, she did the same thing to her own pussy and replayed her sexy little show for us.
I was beginning to worry about how safe we were in the heavy New York traffic with a driver who seemed to keep his eyes in the rear view mirror more than on the road. But who could blame him. Anyway, I was too exposed and aroused to think too much about highway safety right then, so I proceeded to pull our outfits for the evening from the bag.
For Jackie I had chosen a wrap dress in a beautiful marine teal color. It had a plunging V-neckline that would show off her cleavage and perhaps even a breast if she was not careful how she moved. It had three-quarter sleeves, and the flared skirt would hit her about five inches above the knee. An unexpected breeze or careless movement would surely reveal the cute lacy boyshorts I had picked out for both of us to wear tonight.
The clingy knit fabric would reveal every one of Jackie's luscious curves. The ensemble was complemented by a pair of double-strap pumps with 3 ½ inch heels in the same beautiful teal color.
"Oh, Sarah, I love it!" Jackie said as she leaned over and gave me a quick kiss. But she wrinkled her nose a bit when I handed her the black panties with the white lace around the legs.
"Come on," I urged. "I got some just like them for me. I want us to match tonight."
She slipped them on, somewhat grudgingly, but I could tell she enjoyed the feel of the silky fabric. However, if the driver had had a vote, he would have opted for the natural look, I'm sure.
Jackie slipped the dress over her head, adjusted herself a little to make sure her breasts were tucked in where they belonged, and she was just lovely. She buckled on the matching shoes and was ready for our dinner out.
My dress was made of the same clingy jersey material in black. It had long sleeves, a plunging neckline and fastened at the neck with halter straps. The skirt flared out from a tightly fitted waist and ended about four inches above the knee.
The black ankle-wrap stilettos with 3 ¾ inch heels gave me the "fuck me quick" look I was going for. Of course, my panties matched Jackie's—a fact that I found very sexy and Jackie found annoying, I think.
But I appreciated that she was nice enough to humor me about the undies.
After I had slipped the dress over my head and fastened the halter, it must have taken me ten minutes to get all those straps correctly positioned around my ankles. But finally, we were both ready and, if I may say, looked like two hot women out for a good time.
And that's exactly what we were.
"Enjoying the drive," I smiled at the driver as I leaned toward the open privacy window. He just grunted a little and started paying a lot more attention to the road. During our drive, night had fallen on the city and we could see the lights of Manhattan ahead of us.
"We're running late, so you'll need to drop us at the restaurant and take the bags to the hotel." I gave him the address and sank back in the seat next to Jackie to enjoy the rest of the ride.
"Here, I have one more thing for you," I told Jackie as I handed her a little gold box.
She quickly opened it and inside was a black lace choker. She took it out of the box and examined it. It fastened with a single clasp at the front, and the clasp was covered by a cameo of ivory. Engraved on the cameo, white on white were the words, "My Slut."
Jackie turned it over in her hands, feeling the soft lace, very feminine, very sexy. I'm sure she was considering what it would signify if she put it on—complete surrender.
She looked at me and smiled that wonderful smile I'd come to love so much. Then she raised the choker to her neck and slipped it on.
"I am yours."
"I know," I smiled. "I know."
The Restaurant
Having already changed our clothes, all Jackie and I needed to do was touch up our makeup, fix our hair just a little, and we were good to go. We primped and finished getting our look together as the limo crawled along Broadway, south to Greenwich Village.
When we arrived at the restaurant, located on a quiet little side street in the Village, our driver opened the door and admired us as we slid from the limo. Neither of us worried much about our modesty as we climbed out. Hell, he'd already seen us in our full glory as we were changing clothes.
I slipped a $100 bill into his hand and gave him a little peck on the cheek as he took my arm and helped me from the car. I looked back to see Jackie emerge and kiss him on the cheek, too.
But then she gave him a tip that I assumed he liked even better than the hundred. She sensuously cupped the driver's balls in her right hand through his loose slacks and just held them there for a minute as she looked up at his eyes. He tried to maintain some sense of decorum, but I could see his cock swell significantly even from my vantage point.
Her white, French tipped nails created a sensuous contrast to the driver's black slacks.
Noting the obvious swelling, Jackie removed her hand from his balls and slowly ran it along the length of his shaft, then back down again. By this time, he appeared to be fully erect.
Her hand lingered on the head as she moved away from the driver toward me, and finally the sensuous touch ended as the very tip of her middle finger finally lost contact with the cock's swollen head.
The building that housed Fratelli's must have been at least a hundred years old, built with weathered red bricks. A green awning drew us to the front entrance, just in time for our 8 p.m. dinner reservations.
As Jackie and I stepped inside, we could see that the restaurant probably seated no more than 75 people. All the tables were small. About a third were round tables for two (so small that there was just barely room for two plates and a glass of wine). The rest were square four-tops.
I assumed for larger parties some of the square tables could be pushed together. But the intimate atmosphere of the place seemed to make Fratelli's a place for couples, and intimate groups—not large gatherings.
The walls were weathered brick, the floor a dark wood that appeared to be original to the building. The lights were dim.
The architecture made for some little nooks and crannies in the dining room, including one area in the far corner. It had a two-person round table and was essentially enclosed on three sides by the twists and turns of the brick walls.
Someone sitting with her back to the wall at this table could only be seen by the people at the table directly next to them. The second person could be seen by most of the people in the dining room, but only her back.
Each table had a long, white tablecloth that dropped nearly to the floor, topped by a second smaller blue one set on a diagonal. The result was a very intimate atmosphere in a dimly lit room, where one couldn't actually see anything that might be going on beneath the tablecloth.
I had made arrangements for us to have the partially-obscured table in the far corner, and we followed the hostess to our spot. She was a cute young woman in her early 20's, with long blonde hair pulled back in a loose pony tail. She wore a white long-sleeved blouse that buttoned up the front, and a long black skirt reaching to the tops of her shoes. The skirt was slit up one side past the knee, revealing a shapely, athletic leg as she walked ahead of us.
Jackie and I allowed our gaze to linger over her as she led us. Our eyes meet and we smiled with the unspoken understanding that if the opportunity arose, we would eagerly add her to our lovemaking session this evening.
Unfortunately, the hostess simply did her job and seated us, although her eyes did stay a little too long at Jackie's breasts, as if she was trying to determine whether there was something more than just her nipples pressing against the clingy fabric. I caught the pretty blonde's eye and smiled as if to say I do know what is under there, thinking of those delicate gold hearts. The hostess' eyes met mine and she moved away quickly, her cheeks slightly flushed.
Jackie and I made small talk and sipped glasses of wine, our eyes drinking each other in. We knew that our time together would be all too brief this weekend because we both had our real lives to get back to on Monday night. But we did have the weekend. We did have right now, and we were determined not to waste one second.
I moved my chair a little closer to Jackie's so I could reach under the table and stroke her leg lightly with my fingernails. I moved up and down from her knee to as far up her thigh as I could reach without leaning over the table. I noticed her breathing quicken just a little and her large hazel eyes half-close with the sensation.
Of course, my actions were obscured by the long tablecloth, and I continued to tease her with my light touches as we sipped our wine. The waiter stopped by to refill our glasses, and as he walked away, I could feel Jackie's legs part just a little bit as she relaxed and enjoyed the warm glow created by the chianti and my touch.
The lighting in the room was quite dim. A single candle in the center of each table and a few decorative sconces placed strategically around the brick walls provided the only illumination. The result was a warm and intimate ambiance that made each table feel private, even though most were just inches away from the next.
Our little corner table seemed just a bit darker than most of the others, although we were able to see the faces of the young couple next to us, as they leaned together and held hands.
The room hummed quietly with conversation as the tables filled with evening diners, giving the room a cozy, almost crowded feeling. In fact, by listening carefully, I could hear occasional snippets of conversation from the couple next to us.
"Do you think they're a couple," from the young woman, and I knew she was talking about Jackie and me.
I wanted to stand up and announce to the whole room that we were, indeed, a couple . . . at least for this wonderful weekend. But I thought better of it and concentrated my attention on Jackie's upper thigh, teasing the inside of it with my fingers. I touched the warm, tender flesh there and reveled in the feel of it.
We almost didn't notice when the waiter came to the table again, but quickly composed ourselves and placed our dinner order.
As she conducted some other diners to a nearby table, the pretty young hostess approached again. "How are you finding everything so far this evening, ladies?" Her gaze was more intense this time, and she didn't try to hide the fact that she was admiring how we both looked.
She stood very close to my chair—close enough that I could clearly smell the scent of her perfume and perhaps a faint hint of her arousal.
"We're doing wonderfully," Jackie responded. "Thank you so much for finding this out-of-the way little table for us." Jackie smiled and winked at her as only Jackie can do.
"What was your name, sweetheart," she inquired innocently.
"Lisa."
"My god," I said to myself, "another Lisa," thinking of Jackie's seduction of the pretty clerk in the shoe store. Could this be an omen, a sign? I dismissed the idea with a chuckle.
As Lisa turned to leave, she allowed her hand to just touch my hair. It was clear that the young hostess knew there was something special between Jackie and me—something she clearly appreciated.
Knowing that we had a little time before our entrée arrived, I became bolder with my touch, leaning in just a bit to allow the very tips of my fingers to reach Jackie's panties, which I could picture clearly in my mind because they were exactly like my own. I traced one finger along the outline of her slit. Through the wet fabric, her lips already felt swollen, open to me.
Jackie moaned softly, causing the couple at the next table to glance our way. As I returned their gaze, they looked away and resumed their own conversation. I overheard the woman, "How could they do that right here?"
I moved a bit closer, allowing my hand to cup Jackie's pussy through the fabric of her panties, my middle finger pressing near the top on her emerging clit. I moved my mouth to her ear and whispered, "Take off your panties and give them to me."
I removed my hand and leaned away, studying Jackie's face. Her wide hazel eyes betrayed her apprehension at my request, particularly knowing that the couple at the next table and the young hostess were both very aware of our actions. But the parting of her lips and rapid breathing let me know she was going to do just as I asked.
Partially shielded by the long tablecloth, Jackie slowly and carefully raised her hips from her chair, just enough to allow her to push her panties past them. As she completed this part of the process, her bare bottom returned to the chair, and her panties rested for a moment just above her knees. She sat very still, analyzing the reaction of the couple at the next table and the hostess.
The couple were pretending not to look, but it was clear that they had been. The woman's nipples had become clearly visible, standing tall and firm and doing their best to poke through the fabric of her cotton top. I'm sure that if it were not for the long tablecloth, we could have seen something of the man trying to poke through, as well.
The young hostess was watching, too. Her eyes locked on Jackie's, trying to see inside her mind. Trying to understand what could possibly empower a woman to do such a daringly erotic thing right here in her restaurant. We watched the hostess' hand move unconsciously to her own breast as her eyes met ours.
For a moment, time seemed to stand still. The soft buzz of the conversation, the tinkling of the glasses and silver were gone. For us, there were only five people in the restaurant—Jackie and I, the couple at the next table and Lisa, the young hostess. And all of us were dying to know exactly what was going to happen next.
What happened was the thing that all five of us wanted at that moment. Jackie reached under the table with both hands and slipped her panties below her knees, where a few careful movements of her legs caused them to drop to her ankles.
Jackie looked deeply into my eyes and whispered, "There, my darling, now I'm the slut you want me to be." And with that, she reached down to retrieve her panties from the floor and transferred them to my hand as she sat back up.
I held the black boyshorts under the table and marveled at their wetness, imagining the current state of Jackie's pussy as it sat naked on her chair. Although I was tempted, I decided not to raise the panties to my nose to savor the scent, fearing that we might find ourselves removed from the restaurant, or worse still, arrested.
However, even holding them in my lap, the panties clearly yielded the aroma of Jackie's extreme arousal to me, and I'm certain to the couple at the next table. And to the young hostess, as well! Unbeknownst to me, she had walked up behind my chair, just as Jackie transferred the panties from her hand to mine.
She smiled knowingly and asked, "Are we still doing okay, ladies?"
Lisa's eyes moved casually from Jackie to me and back again, drinking in our state of arousal and, I think, enjoying the fact that we didn't exactly know what to expect her reaction to be.
But, as she pressed against the back of my chair, her waist about even with my face, there was no question that she was aroused, as well. Her legs were slightly parted under her long black skirt and her own scent began to mix with ours.
Almost without thinking, I turned to her and said, "Oh, I'm glad you stopped by the table, Lisa. I found these on the floor. Could you take care of them for me?"
And with that, I handed her Jackie's panties, still soaking with her nectar.
Lisa's pale cheeks turned bright red and her lips parted slightly. I heard the woman at the next table gasp as I handed the hostess the lacy boyshorts, which were just like the ones which still covered my own soaking pussy. From the corner of my eye, I could see the man slide his hand beneath the tablecloth, and the movement of his arm left little doubt about what he was doing.
Still embarrassed but regaining her composure somewhat, Lisa replied, "I'll be glad to take care of these for you. And I'll do my best to locate their owner and return them."
She slipped the panties into her skirt pocket and walked back across the room to her station.
By now, we knew three things. We were being watched by at least three people in the crowded restaurant. They were enjoying our little game. And Jackie and I were as turned on as we had ever been in our lives.
Oh yes, one more thing. We knew we were both going to cum right there in the restaurant as the three watchers looked on.
Holding my breath, I slid down in my chair a little and ran my now bare foot up the inside of Jackie's leg and brought it to rest on the edge of the chair, squarely between her legs. Knowing we would be enjoying some under-the-table play, I had removed my ankle-wrap stilettos earlier in the evening.
Jackie gripped my foot with both hands. I shivered in pleasure as she squeezed my toes and then slowly slipped her fingers between them. She smiled seductively as she played with me. My throat tightened as her thumb rubbed gently in the center of my arch.
Taking her time, and drinking me with liquid eyes, Jackie drew me to her pussy and continued to make love to my sensitive foot. She snuggled forward a little and pressed my heel against the soft lips of her sex.
With complete contact achieved, both of us leaned happily back in our chairs to maintain the lovely velvety touch between her legs. Her folds were moist and deliciously soft to the touch, and I moved my foot slowly in loving squirming caresses that I didn't want to end. Over and over, I moved in tiny slow circles trying desperately to gather up more and more sensations.
Jackie let me have my way with her pussy, stroking the top of my arch as the sole of my foot explored her. She slowly became more and more moist and I smiled into her eyes to tell her how much joy I felt at her wetness! I could feel not only the juices that soaked her shaven sex, but the moisture that had flowed from it and collected on the seat of her chair.
Now desperate with need, Jackie slowly shook her head with a long sigh, locked her eyes with mine and began fucking my foot with those wonderful hip thrusts. I pushed against her with a shudder.
Her wetness and the vigor with which Jackie massaged herself with my foot left no doubt as to the state of her arousal. It was extreme. Of course, knowing that our play had moved her so, made my breath quicken and my inhibitions nearly disappear. At this point, I had to make Jackie cum and drive my own trembling into ecstasy along with her.
As she continued fucking herself with my foot, I reached down the plunging neckline of my dress, longing to touch my breasts. I slipped my hand inside and ran it along the sensitive underside, making a long, slow circle and ending at my hard nipple. I rolled the nipple between my thumb and finger, softly at first, then harder as my arousal grew.
From the corner of my eye, I noticed the woman at the next table had moved her chair closer to her partner and her hand had replaced his under the cloth. Now it was her hand that seemed to be moving, while he leaned his head back and closed his eyes. And while her hand was undoubtedly locked tight around her partner's cock, her eyes were locked on Jackie and me.
I reached further into my dress and lifted one breast fully outside and held it lightly in my palm. With my back to the other diners, only the woman at the next table and Jackie could see. And I saw appreciation in the admiring looks from both of them. I slowly moved my index finger to my mouth, sucked it until it was wet, and moved it back to my breast, where I made a slow, wet circle around my areola.
The woman's hand began to move faster, and I felt Jackie trying to insert my big toe into her cunt. I stretched my leg as far as I could in order to help fill her need. To meet my own need, I reached under the table and shoved my hand between my legs and beneath my panties. My probing finger quickly found my clit and circled it rapidly, pausing occasionally to reach into my slit to coat myself with my nectar.
Our movements began to synchronize, and I felt Jackie fucking herself on my foot with precisely the same rhythm that I was using to attack my throbbing clit. Our pace was increasing and I knew from her soft moans and the throbbing inside me that our orgasms were near.
I heard a stifled sound from the next table and looked toward the young woman and her partner. Their eyes were closed tightly, lips parted. Their breath coming in short gasps.
Suddenly, I heard Jackie gasp and felt her pull my leg tight to her one last time. Her limbs stiffened and her pussy convulsed with her orgasm. Seeing Jackie climax sent me into my own, as I thrust two fingers deep inside and felt my walls grip them, hold them, pull them deeper.
I was on fire! My thighs pressed together, as if to hold onto those last few contractions for as long as possible. My eyes shut tight.
As the waves of orgasm began to recede, I felt Jackie's grip on my leg relax. That was my cue to relax my own body—to return to the real world of the restaurant, the buzz of conversation, the tinkling of china and silver. We sat up in our chairs, tried to tidy ourselves up a bit, and smiled sheepishly at each other.
Our looks said, "I can't believe we just did that."
But at the same time, we were thinking, "God, I can't wait to do that again!"
The couple next to us were tidying up, too, and they had a much bigger task, given that the young man appeared literally to have exploded under the table. The woman was wiping her hand on her napkin, and her partner used his to clean both himself and the underside of the table. They looked at us, embarrassed but smiling.
As I looked at Jackie lovingly, I saw her mouth the words, "She saw us."
And I knew immediately that she meant the hostess. Not yet ready to turn and face the other tables in the restaurant, I contented myself with imagining how Lisa's sweet, young face must have looked at the moment of our orgasms.
With impeccable timing, the waiter appeared with our entrees. Fortunately, the aroma of the spicy sauces topping our pasta dishes began to overtake the smell of sex that permeated our corner of the restaurant.
Totally relaxed from the wine and the sex, Jackie and I enjoyed our meal and each other. We took turns sharing bites from our plates. She gave me a bite with her fork, holding her hand under my chin to make sure nothing dropped on my new dress. I did the same, and gently wiped sauce from the corner of her mouth with my napkin.
Finally, the meal finished and the check paid, we rose from the table to leave, both of us smiling at the young couple. As we passed the hostess near the door, she pressed a note into Jackie's hand, then quickly turned to greet another group of guests who had just come in the front door.
We squeezed past the new group and paused on the sidewalk outside, in front of the large window of the restaurant. Unable to wait any longer, Jackie opened Lisa's note and read it to me.
"I am wearing your panties right now," it said, "and I'll be glad to return them to you whenever you want. Lisa"
The words were followed by a phone number.
Eyes wide, we both looked through the window to see Lisa smiling at us playfully. Jackie took a step toward the door as if to go back inside, but I placed my hand on her arm.
"Let's save that until next time."
And we walked away, hand in hand, into the night.