At around that time, even before we were to start our new lifestyle, I found out that I was pregnant. It had to be due to my daily teasing and my hubby getting so excited, that he would shoot tons of cum deep inside my belly.
Should I have considered that to be unlucky since I was about to proceed with these hotwife actions or should it be a blessing as my pregnancy actually increased my sex drive! I had checked around with my friends who had been pregnant before and some like it too but some just simply avoided sex. Guessed every women were created differently. And of course, I had my minor symptoms of prenatal depression at times but was surprised that I was able to divert my attention through sexual activities.
During my pregnancy I was quite horny and needed sex or release more often than usual. My pregnancy did not dampen my spirit but instead it pushed me to a new high. I conveniently made it a big excuse to justify my extra sexual needs in front of my hubby. He was more than happy to see me in that wanton state and went all the way out to make sure I was sexually happy.
As continued from my last chapter, my hubby had finally decided on who the first guy should be to start me off to a journey of uncharted sexual territory. He told me to consider his best buddy, Eddie, as long as I did not have any objections. Eddie was a nice guy, he would drop by, hang out or grap a nightcap at our place once to twice a week. He was divorced about the same time when I got married to my present hubby. We pitied him as his wife left him for another guy. Often, he would mentioned to my husband that he was very lucky to have a wife like me. I was very sure that he seemed to be eyeing me at time. Couldn't blame him. It was partly my hubby's fault because he was the one who changed my style of dressing. So I ended up dressing very free and casual, even when he was around our place. Guessed we were both guilty!
Sometimes, I would wear an oversized t-shirt with a big and low-front neck drop. It was impossible to miss my hanging breasts whenever I bent forward, especially when serving him tea or passing things to him while he was seated. And moreover, it was usualIy sleeveless as I had cut those sleeves off cause it was cooler that way. I knew that whenever I lifted my hands up, anyone nearby could clearly peek at my breasts from the sleeveless holes. Remember, I did not wear a bra because my husband tossed out most of mine.
I could recall the first time he saw me in that position while I was serving him tea. He stared in disbelief and frozened for several seconds. I knew he was enjoying the sight but I pretended not to notice it. The whole afternoon I tried hard not to make it too obvious but being so horny, I wanted to make it easier for him to see. I would sit in the center or in a triangular sitting position, to make sure he would have a good view from the side.
Sometimes, I would intentionally lean forward putting my hands on my knees or raising my hands up in gesture while chatting. As my nipples hardened, I could tell he would see that I was starting to become aroused. Most of my casual t-shirts I wore, were several inches above my knees, barely covering my bottom. The moment I bent over, whoever was behind me would be treated to my exposed panty show! I loved to be comfortable in my own home, so I usually did not like to wear any shorts but wore only thongs or strings.
Whenever he Eddie was over at my place, I loved to pull my g-strings up, making the thin strings cut into my clit and pussy. My g-strings were so thin that it could only partially cover my asshole whenever I bent over. That was the view he saw when I did it with my ass towards him, pretending to talk to my hubby. It always made me very aroused.
My hubby loved to show me off, they loved to see my show and I loved to show. All for good clean fun! It was a win-win situation for all! And all of them ended up with a huge bulge in their pants or shorts, including my hubby's! At that time, my hubby was already pressing me to have more fun with them but I was not ready yet. So they always ended up in my bathroom, jerking it out. The minute they had gone, my hubby and I would end up having super sex!
About few months later, Eddie had already seen almost every part of my body, albeit indirectly. My breast, my nipples and my round, curved ass had always being exposed on every ocassion when he was around. But I still kept my modesty for my most precious jewel, my pussy, which was always shielded by my tiny panties.
The closest he had seen was through my skin-toned, translucent panties. His eyes almost popped out as he thought I was not wearing any panties on when I came down to get a glass of water from the kitchen, and he had been there drinking alone. I was wearing a totally see-through white lingerie that just covered my panties but it did not make much different since it could be seen through anyway. I did not know he was there but the kitchen lights were on, I should have known better but I just took it in my stride. He stared directly at my boobs for a moment and I knew he could see my tits clearly. I pretended to ignore it and went on to the fridge to get my drink.
He told me he could not sleep and since my hubby had already fast asleep upstairs, I decided to spend several minutes chatting with him. I sat directly facing him, with my panties almost completely visible to him if he cared to see it. Needless to say, his eyes were busy looking up and down. He could not decide whether to look at my breast or my panties! I decided not to make it too awkward and told him that I usually slept in this kind of comfortable nightwear. He complimented that it was very nice and sexy, that it fitted me well. Slowly, I spread my legs apart so he could see clearer. I was very sure he saw my trimmed bush and the outline of my slit through my erotic transparent panties.
Just at that moment, I then realized that my bottom part of my panties were soaked with my hubby's cum and probably some of my juice too. We just made love about thirty minutes ago and he had shot everything inside me. I was too lazy to wash it off and now those sticky juices were flowing down and flooding my panties. Glancing down with embarassment, I saw our mixed liquids sliding down my thigh! I was very sure he noticed too since he was clearly observant.
He just smiled and I smiled back in return. And this time, he said directly to me that my hubby was a lucky man. I was very sure he had double meaning in this statement. I glanced down at his body and was taken aback that I could see a little of his shiny, red cock head peeking out from beneath his shorts. It was obvious, he did not wear any underwear. I could not be sure if he had intentionally exposed himself to me or if it was on accident. I could see he was trying very hard to control his hard-on as the outline of his cock through his soft shorts was quite clear. I thanked him for his praise of me, feeling my ego grow.
Eddie naughtily said, "If you were my wife, I would love to keep you warm in bed every night as well. My ex-wife can't even compare to you at all."
"Oh no, you are embarassing me," I said.
"No kidding, Jen! Just look at your breast! They are so beautiful and full whereas hers are sagging and ugly."
I was not sure if he was trying to score points with me or still upset with his wife for dumping him. Whatever it was, I know that my mind was playing tricks with me as well, because I kept glancing at his partially exposed hard penis. He noticed me eyeing his hard-on at times but he did not bother to cover it as he enjoyed tempting me. I quickly made my exit and bade him goodnight, afraid that I might lose my control if I stayed there. After that incident, several more similar situations occurred. Sometimes, he would wait until I came down to the kitchen at night and he would pretend to walk down and chanced upon me. I always left him high and dry while I would go to my husband, if he was still awake, and straddle him until I came. I was positive Eddie would jerk off by himself after I left.
Every time these incidents happened, I would describe everything in details to my hubby. He was excited, and would push me towards doing more with Eddie. So, while I hesitantly agreed to include Eddie into our bedroom activities, I was still very shy and awkward to physically do it. I wanted it to happen slow and natural. I still had my pride and did not want Eddie to think of me as desperate for him. I must say that my hubby managed to get it going quite well. He did not tell me what his exact thoughts or plans, he said it would be better that way.
Our usual night of teasing and chatting with Eddie went bolder in terms of words used but I still kept my distance physically. He did not dare to make any advances on me as he knew there was a line he had to respect. But he would always wear short shorts that bound to expose the head of his cock, the moment he was turned on. He enjoyed exposing himself to me too.
He would say things like, "Jen, you always wear so sexy and always make me so hard!"
And I would respond with, "Well, you can always not look at me." Then I would wish him a good jerking session as I bade him goodnight.
And he would respond with, "I will cum for you. Would you wanna watch me come?" I would stick my tongue out, as if telling him to dream on, and went off my way.
One particular night after I left Eddie to his own devices, I ran upstairs and found that my hubby was waiting for me. As always, he knew what I wanted but this time he left our bedroom door ajar with a gap. I suspected he was up to something and so he told me that it would be much more fun if we were been voyeured! I was so wet then and so I just agreed to go with the flow. As the corridor outside our bedroom was dark, it would let Eddie a good chance to stand near to our door and peeped in. Futhermore, our bedside lamp were always switched on and that provided a much brighter view for him to see our free sex show!
I went on top of my hubby and assumed my cowgirl position, getting ready for a wild ride! I moaned louder than usual, as probably I wanted to attract Eddie's attention too. My back was facing the door, I knew Eddie got a good view of my big ass riding up and down on my hubby's cock. We both were so high knowing that he was enjoying our sexy show as much as we enjoyed doing it directly in front of him. We then changed positions with me on my back, spread eagle. My hubby paused and let him have a direct view of my spread pussy before pounding me. I was moaning and it went louder the moment I orgasmed, without caring if he was there or not.
My hubby urged me to let Eddie to come in but somehow at that moment, I got cold feet and preferred that voyeurism would be suffice. I was not comfortable with him joining yet. I just felt weird and funny. In just a short while later, my hubby came inside me. He then pulled out, leaving me grasping for breath while I stayed still in that spread position until I could feel his cum leaked out of pussy. I was very sure Eddie was enjoying every moment of our show and hoping that he was the one humping me instead. I was sure he had a good, strong jerk to his heart's content.
That night after it was over, my hubby told me that he had actually informed Eddie earlier in the evening to stand by and voyeured us. It was part of his plan! No wondered why Eddie seemed to be so anxious for me to go upstairs earlier and now I knew better! I was not upset that he never told me beforehand as I would prefer it this way too because I might have backed out if I knew earlier. The spur and heat of that moment helped me to spark it on.
And on the next night, Eddie did not go home and stayed over again. I knew he was in the kitchen and so I intentionally went down and bumped into him. I decided to make a daring move. It took him by surprise when I dared him not to close the door when he went for his usual jerking session. He did exactly that and I just stood at the bathroom door and watched him stroking his cock. That was the first time I saw his whole cock and I noticed that his cock was slightly bigger than my hubby. He was delighted that he was being watched and happily modelled his masturbation skill for me to see. I watched him curiously and a naughty thought came over me.
I pulled my panties down without actually slipping it off, and used one hand to rub my clit while the other hand pinching my nipples. The moment he saw my slit, he could no longer control much longer and I saw him jerking furiously while looking at me. We made eye contact without breaking away and within the next minute or so, I came while he shot several spurs of cum onto the toilet bowl and some of his sticky stuff landed on the floor.
Once when the show was over, I quickly looked for my hubby and found him in his study room doing his work. I told him exactly what had just happened and he dropped everything at the instance and started to hump me passionately, on his study table. We ended up, both fully satisfied! He was satisfied because he was happy that I had made the effort to progress on his perverted ideas.
A few days later, my hubby suggested that it would be fun to asked Eddie to join us for a short, two days break at our vacation home. Without hesitation, I agreed with his ideas and off we went together. It was not too far away, about a thirty minute drive from our house. The place was near to a nudist beach. We bought this vaction home just after our marriage since we both loved this place. But we still have not renovated it yet, so it was bare minimum with only basic stuffs.
With Eddie joining us, it was the first time for me to be totally nude with someone I knew, other than my hubby. Since he had already seen us having sex and my masturbation, I was comfortable to let him looked at my whole body at a much closer range. We reached there about noon time and straight away headed for the beach. It was quite crowded that afternoon with numerous naked bodies lying around. We followed suit and all three of us stripped nude in no time and lazed on the beach with me in the center of them.
Needless to say, Eddie was checking on me and I never cared to hide it. I teased him by intentionally spreading my legs or bending my legs while lying down or crossing my legs when in siting position. I was very sure what was in his mind at that moment. In return, I checked on him too and he constantly sporting a hard-on. My hubby was enjoying the scene too and that made him hard too! The heat from the sun was hot and so was my fantasy on my mind. I could feel my wetness was flowing down! Wondered could they tell whether it was my pussy juice, my sweat or the sea water?
To ease the heat, I went down for a swim to cool off. I went all the way down with only my head sticking out of the sea. I looked back and saw so many bodies in the buff but I managed to spot them and saw them chatting and laughing. I believed that they must be talking about me or planning something cause I was very sure that my hubby had naughty plans for me during our stay here. I started to imagine what was to come later and the thought of making out with Eddie was almost inevitable.
My hands just wandered to my nipples and started playing with it. One of my hands went south and rubbed my clit. Oh no, I was actually masturbating in the sea and that was the first time I did that. It was fun as everybody around me, did not know what I was up to. A few guys and couples swam passed me and some smiled at me and I returned with a grin. And just as I was about to cum, one guy had to swim passed just in front of me. I just could not be bothered to stop and I was sure that my face expressions gave me away! He then swam on his back, looking back at me and gave me a victory sign with his fingers. How cute! I did likewise too. At least I got to cool off in a nice way and headed back to where they were.
Nothing much happened among us at the beach, other than watching both their cocks rising up and down all the time. By evening, we headed back to our vacation home. Once we reached there, my hubby suggested that since we had already seen each other in the buff, might as well not wear any clothes at home and so we all ended up naked again once more. I was pretty tired by then and when my hubby suggested that he would give me a massage. I was more than delighted and immediately lay down on the bed waiting for him.
A minute later, my hubby then came into the room and told me that he had forgotten to buy beer and said he would be back in a short while. He winked at me and i knew he was up to no good. He called out to Eddie and asked him to massage me instead. Eddie was more than willing to do it and my hubby told me that he had learned massage therapy before and that I would be in good hands. Sure I was... and he left, leaving both of us alone. Two naked bodies and with the sexual tension in the air, so what was I to expect?