(Thanks to Drewau for editing. Comments and feedback always welcome and appreciated. As with most of my stories, it is advised to read the previous chapters for context.)
*
It had been two weeks since their encounter in the laundry room with Mary Ann, and laundry day was now their favorite day of the week. The three had met up a few times since, but because of their differing schedules, it was hard to arrange.
Nicci had the naughty idea to send a few pornographic clips of her and Tom together to tide Mary Ann over. Mary Ann, for her part, sent back a picture of herself covered in so much cum that it looked like someone had doused her with white paint. That picture was accompanied by two words, "One load."
After a few more texts, Nicci got the full story. She had gone to a dancing bear party, where the striper had something called Hyperactive Testes Disorder. Apparently, it wasn't the guy whose video went viral a couple months earlier. That guy lived on the east coast.
Nicci didn't understand many of the references in her text, but she guessed it was stuff from the part of the internet that her and Tom had avoided most of their lives. When she did look up the viral video that Mary Ann had mentioned, she watched it 12 times and fingered herself to orgasm twice that many.
"You ready to go?" Tom asked.
"Huh." Nicci had been daydreaming.
Tom rubbed her back and asked, "Are you ok? You've been pensive all day."
Nicci sighed. "Yea, I've just been imagining what it would be like to be doused with a gallon of cum."
Tom smiled and said, "Well, if you want to skip the grocery store today, I could give it my best shot."
Nicci patted his cheek affectionately and gave him a peck on the lips. "I would love to, but sadly I cannot live on just your cum." Then she walked out the door.
Tom followed behind her. "Well we could try."
Once they were in the car, Tom couldn't help but notice Nicci's long tan legs in her sexy jean shorts. It wasn't like her to show so much skin. The other night at the laundry was a very rare and drastic situation. He wasn't complaining, but they made it hard for him to concentrate on the road. Her white T was tucked into her shorts and that made her fantastic figure stand out even more.
As Tom drove he kept glancing over at her legs. About halfway to the grocery store, Tom finally had to touch them. He started off simply, he rested a hand on her left knee. This surprised Nicci as they had typically been very reserved about PDA in the past. Granted, that was before their sexual revolution.
She found she liked it. It felt naughty in a less obvious and overt way. It also felt much more affectionate than the wild lust filled hump fests they had grown accustomed too. She smiled at him and rubbed his shoulder reassuringly.
Tom took that as a sign he wasn't pushing any kind of boundary. Not that they had many of those left. He started running his hand up and down her thigh. Not too high, only about a quarter of the way up her leg. Again, Nicci said nothing.
He decided to play a game of chicken, to see how far he could get before she stopped him. With every pass of his hand, he brought it further and further up her leg. Nearly indistinguishable changes. But Nicci noticed. Every time Tom touched her body under any circumstances she noticed. His touch was like electricity to her.
She decided to play a game of chicken with him. She would let him keep working his way up her leg, until he chickened out. She was confident that he would get about an inch away from her crotch and stop. She had been the one so far that had to keep pushing him to do more.
Tom couldn't believe how for she was letting him go. His hand was now rubbing her inner thigh, and his pinky was only about an inch from her inseam. That was when he caught the suppressed grin on her lips. She was testing him. She didn't believe that he would go any farther. She expected him to bow out before anything got too hot. He would show her.
Nicci nearly jumped when Tom began cupping between her legs. He was doing it, he was actually doing it. They couldn't do this in a car driving down the road. Nicci thought. Yes, it was super hot, but they could be spotted at any second. They were pulling up at a red light now, if anyone on the sidewalk simply looked over, they would see him touching her. But she was not going to break.
Tom was rock hard and scared out of his mind. He wanted to pull his hand away, but he was afraid the movement would draw attention and pedestrians would see what he had been doing. When the light changed and he pulled through the intersection, he thought about withdrawing. But then he saw the worry in her eyes. He was about to break her, he was about to win this. He just had to move a little further.
Nicci bit her lip to keep from reacting when she felt Tom undo the button on her shorts. Now this was really getting out of hand, she had to end this. But then she had a thought. What if she fought back. She slid her hand into Tom's lap and began rubbing his erection through his shorts. This will get him she thought.
As soon as Nicci began rubbing him, he lost all sense of logic or reason. He was no longer playing chicken. He was an animal seeking to quench his desire. He began unzipping Nicci's jeans, and she did the same to him. Then he slid his hand beneath her panties and began massaging her clit.
Nicci moaned in pleasure. She had let this go on too far, and now she didn't want it to stop. Through much manual dexterity, she managed to snake his erection past his underwear and though his zipper. They were now both groaning and rubbing each other. Nicci felt her tension rising higher and higher. Until...
"STOP!!!!!!!" She screamed and Tom slammed on his brakes. The tires squealed as they desperately clawed at the asphalt. But it was too late. Tom had rear ended the car in front of him.
"Oh no." Tom said.
"It's ok. It's just a fender bender. These happen all the time. We just trade insurance and call the police."
"No, I'm about to cum."
"What? You can't cum now. The other driver's going to be back here any minute now." Nicci was starting to feel Tom's panic.
"I know, but I can't stop it."
Nicci could see his death grip on the steering will. He was trying desperately to will it away. But she could see that his angry pulsing head would not be denied. It was going to blow, and the best she could hope for was to mitigate the mess before they had to talk to the other driver.
So, she did the only thing she could think to do, she dove for his lap. Her lips closed around his tip seconds before the first jet tickled her uvula. She swallowed it handily, but braced for the load. Something was wrong though. Tom typically only fired two or three times before he was mostly done. He was already up to five, and these shots had been thicker than normal.
Nicci was swallowing as fast as she could, but she was barely keeping up. Finally, his beast was sated and she sat back up just as the other driver stepped out of her car. Nicci began to swallow Tom's cum down. But she was so full from her breakfast that this was like eating two Thanksgiving dinners five minutes apart.
Tom leapt out of the car to greet the other driver. A tall pretty woman of about 40. Buy the look of her dress, she was some kind of business professional. Nicci prayed she wasn't an attorney. She climbed out as well, still attempting to swallow Tom's massive load.
"What are you blind!?" The woman was hysterical looking at her bumper. "I just got this car."
Nicci came around the front of their car and the woman's gaze was suddenly on her shorts. That was when Nicci realized that she never zipped her shorts back up. The woman could see her her panties. What made Nicci cringe even more, was the fact that she had a tiny little Olaf on her panties. His head was peeking out of the zipper and he was waving at the angry woman.
The woman looked up at Nicci's face and saw cum dribbling out of the corner of her lip. Nicci turned away to fix her shorts. Then the woman saw Tom's deflating shaft poking out of his zipper, dripping a few small drops. Tom quickly turned away and got his prairie dog back in his hole.
"I see what's going on here." The woman said with a calm anger in her voice.
Nicci turned around and mumbled, "No, it's not what you think." But a little bit of Tom's cum spilled out of her full mouth.
The woman held up a hand to silence her. "It's exactly what it looks like. But, I'm a forgiving woman, if restitution can be made."
"Anything." Nicci said with cum still dripping from her mouth.
The woman rolled her eyes, "For crying out loud, either swallow it or spit it out." Nicci chose the later and spat it onto the grass median.
"I'm so sorry. We have never done anything like this before." Tom quickly began explaining their whole story so far. He didn't mean too, he just couldn't stop talking when he was in trouble.
"Tom!" Nicci scolded. "Not now!"
The woman looked at Nicci. "I think now is a great time." Then she looked at Tom and said, "Please, continue." Then she leveled a steely gaze at him. "I insist."
So Tom told her everything. The laundry room, the naked walk back to their apartment, them having sex at their door. Tom attempted to just give her a very abridged version of the events. But she kept asking them both for every gory detail.
Nicci quickly realized that this woman was getting off on the story. She wondered if this would work in their advantage. When Tom finally finished the story, the woman stood there and thought for a moment. Her next words were not what either of them had expected.
"I'm a lawyer, actually, I own my own practice. And I think I need two part time employees to do whatever I need."
"What would you need us to do?" Nicci asked timidly.
The woman looked at her and said with emphasis, "Whatever... I... Need."
"Anything, we'll do anything to pretend this never happened." Tom said.
She looked at Tom with an evil grin and said, "Oh, I'm counting on it."
The woman exchanged information with them and took a picture of their license plate. "Now, If I don't hear from you in the next couple days, I'll call the police and say this was a hit and run. They don't like those too much."
The woman left and Tom and Nicci climbed back into their car. They took a collective deep breath before starting up the car and carefully driving the rest of the way to the store. Neither spoke the entire drive. They were both imagining what she might make them do. Tom was picturing some filing, maybe some cleaning. But Nicci saw the look in her eyes. This was going to be nasty and dirty and possibly even scary.
When they got to the grocery store, Tom stopped by the front door so that Nicci could climb out. Despite their new more progressive sexual morals, Tom still believed in being the traditional gentleman in most circumstances. Watching her climb out of the car in the shorts riled up his sex drive again.
Without thinking, he reached out and smacked her butt. Nicci spun around and bent over to look at him. She had a fake ticked expression on her face. She couldn't keep the slight twinge of a smile out of the corner of her lips. She liked it, but she wasn't going to admit it in public.
"Would you stop." She whispered. "You're going to get us in trouble again."
Tom smiled and said, "I'm counting on it."
Nicci smiled, shut the door and walked to the entrance. Tom just stared as her hips pivoted deliciously back and forth. When she turned around she was happy to see that she had kept his attention with her walk. She noticed she had drawn to the attention of some other customers as well. There were plenty of men, and even a few women that she caught staring at her butt. Nicci had never felt sexier.
Her dad had always hammered into her that she needed to dress modestly. He would say that women who dressed like sluts were disgusting. Only perverts were into them. If that were the case, then Nicci was starting not to care. She loved the attention. It made her feel warm in certain places
Tom parked the car and walked up. They put their hands around each other's hips and walked together into the store. They grabbed a cart and started lazily pushing it around. It wasn't long before Tom's hand slipped from her hip, and cupped her tight butt.
She gave him a playfully dirty look and slid his hand back up. But not five minutes later, his hand found it's way back to her jeans. This time she left it. There was no use in fighting it. She enjoyed his touch, and no one else seemed to care. And, so what if he squeezed it now and then.
Then came the time that Nicci leaned over into one of the open air freezer bins. Tom looked around, and when he saw the coast was clear, he grabbed both cheeks at once. Nicci looked back at him and said, "We aren't looking for the rump roast, we're looking for the chicken breast."
"I'm always looking for chick breasts." Tom joked.
Nicci laughed loudly. She loved Tom's sense of humor. It matched her own so well. "Would you get down here and help me pick something out."
Tom obliged, in his own particular way. He bent over her, with his crotch to her butt. Nicci could feel his growing lump through their clothes. "I think that one looks good." Tom said with with his lips inches from her ear. "Or, we could get some sausage. Do you want a big sausage."
Nicci sided eyed him and said, "You know I love a big sausage." That made Tom's shaft twitch. Nicci noticed and wiggled her butt a little. She felt so empowered knowing that she had so much control over his body. She wondered if all men were this easy to manipulate with sex, or just him. She kissed him on the cheek before she grabbed their selection and stood up.
Tom was instantly staring at her tits. Nicci knew why without even looking. She wasn't wearing a bra, and the cold must have made her nipples pop. She could feel the abrasion of the t-shirt rubbing against them. Nicci wasn't sure if it was the friction, or the exposure that was turning her on more.
They started walking again, and this time Tom's hand wasn't sliding down. It was moving up her side. Finally, when no one was watching, he slid his hand all the way around and ran his fingers over her nipple. Nicci gasped at the boldness of the move and how much it turned her on. But before she could tell him to remove his hand, it was already back down at her waist.
She stared at him in wonder. Nicci was amazed how much kindling his sex drive had turned him into a horny beast. Tom pretended not to notice her stare. Nicci decided he would not be the only one playing this game She bent down to get something off a low shelf and quickly unzipped his pants while she was down there.
That made him panic a little and zip them back up quickly. In retaliation, Tom came up behind her a few moments later and laced his arms around her stomach in a sweet backwards hug. But his intentions were less than sweet. As Nicci was scanning the labels on some cans. Tom subtly was untucking her shirt in the front.
Once the hemline was free, his hands tucked underneath and felt her smooth stomach. Nicci fought to calm her breathing. It was just her stomach anyway. But then it wasn't just her stomach. Tom rolled the bottom hem of her shirt up to right below her breasts and tied it off. Her entire midsection was now showing, and with the size of her breasts, her underboob was visible from a low angle.
Nicci was beginning to like this game they were playing. She would not let him out do her though. She shocked him when she left the shirt as it was. She dropped one can into the cart, but pretended to drop the other on the floor. Then she nudged it with her foot under the nearby shelves.
"Oops." Nicci said in her best Marilyn Monroe impression. "I seem to have dropped a can under there. Tom, could you get it for me please?"
Stupidly, not thinking anything of this, Tom dropped to his belly and looked for the can. He saw it and turned on his side to get more reach. That was when Nicci struck. She unzipped his pants and fished his erection out. Tom was horrified.
"What are you doing?" He whispered. "This is too far."
"No, this is too far." She said as she began stroking him. Tom wanted to stop her, but it just felt too good. Being this exposed turned him on in ways that he never thought possible. The thought that someone might come around that corner at any second was too good.
He was not going to take this lying down. Well, he was taking it lying down, but she was cumming down with him. He reached down and unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts before shoving his hand down her panties to play with her clit.
Nicci gasped and knew that she had to escalate things again. She bent down and started blowing him right in the middle of the aisle of this grocery store. In retaliation, Tom ripped her shorts and panties off. In the process, he accidentally tore her panties, but he couldn't think about that right then. He honestly couldn't think of much right then.
Tom picked her up by her hips and they 69ed right there in the middle of the store. The action didn't last long. Nicci had been denied her orgasm in the car earlier and she was ready to go. Tom had been hard from the moment Nicci climbed out of his car. At a fever pace, they brought each other to orgasm in less than a minute. Nicci swallowing Tom's load as he pumped it down her throat. Tom's face being assaulted by Nicci's spasming pelvis.
At once they calmed down and caught their breath. They suddenly heard a cart wheeling by. An elderly couple stared at them with angry grimaces on their faces. Tom and Nicci realised they needed to get out of their and fast before the police showed up.
They pulled on their clothes as fast as they could. Nicci shoved her ruined pantiers in her pocket and they bolted for the exit. Just before they cleared the aisle a big burly black security guard stepped out in front of them. He was roughly 6'5, built, and probably as wide as the two of them put together. He had an angry expression on his face as he pointed toward the back of the store.
No words were necessary. They sullenly trudged to the back of the store. The elderly couple tisked them as they passed. The guard led them to a back area for employees only. It was cool, damp and grey. He put Tom in one room, and Nicci in another.
Nicci
The guard stayed in the room with Nicci and just stared down at her like he wanted to punch her. His arms folded across his massive chest. Nicc felt like a child compared to him as she sat silently hanging her head as low as it will go.
A minute later she heard the door open up behind her. She was too afraid to look and see who it was. That mattered little as the person circled around her and stood shoulder to shoulder with the guard. It was a middle aged woman in a grey pant suit. She had an attractive face that looked no older than 45, and her hair was shoulder length salt and pepper.
"What's the story here?" She asked with a slight rasp in her voice.
"Caught them trying to shoplift. Shoving stuff in their clothes." The man's voice was a deep bass. Nicci could almost feel the voice in her bones more than hear it. It made her quiver a little, she thought out of fear, but there was something else that it was doing to her. She just didn't know what.
"We weren't stealing anything." Nicci whimpered.
The woman bent at the hips to look Nicci in the face. "Then what was with all the hands under the clothes that we saw?"
Nicci was too ashamed to admit what they had been doing. She was terrified of her dad finding out. Not even the threat of being arrested was worse than that in her mind. The woman straightened and looked at her in silence for a long moment.
"Strip her. I'll take the boy." The woman said commandingly.
"What!?" Nicci squeaked.
The woman began to walk out. "If you weren't shoplifting than you should have nothing to hide."
Nicci heard the door close and felt like it might as well have been a prison door slamming shut. "Stand up."
Nicci didn't even look up, let alone stand to her feet. The man was not patient. He placed a hand on her biceps and lifted her to her feet. She only came to about his chest. Nicci was stunned by his strength. He might as well have just lifted a doll. Under different circumstances that could have been comforting.
"Strip." Nicci said nothing but shook her head. The man did not believe in asking twice. He grabbed the bottom of her shirt and yanked it up. The sudden cold air instantly hardened her nipples. Nicci covered her breasts immediately.
"Arms out."
"What?" Nicci genuinely didn't know what he was saying. He just saw her completely topless. Where else could she be hiding anything. Again, the man refused to wait. He grabbed her wrists and stretched her hand out in a T shape.
Nicci was shivering now. A little bit from the cold, partially from the humiliation of being caught and then stripped by this stranger, but there was a tiny part of her that she didn't want to admit was actually turned on.
The man began to frisk her upper body. He was very clinical and rough at first. Running his hands through her hair, then pulling open her eyes, nostrils, and even checking her gums and mouth. His hand then roamed down her shoulders, across the top of her arms, and then back in via the underside of her arms. His palms grazed the sides of her breasts as they trailed their way down to her hips.
Nicci felt ashamed at the buzz that ran through her body at the last touch. His hands traced up her back and over her shoulders. He stopped before touching her breasts though. His hands went to her belly and slid up. This time he did not skip the breasts. This time he was also not clinical with his examination.
The man groped her breasts in a rougher facsimile of how Tom touched them. He also spent way too long examining them. He finished up by twisting pulling and tweaking her hard erect nipples. Nicci was horrified at how wet this was making her.
The man didn't bother ordering her to remove her shorts. He manhandled them loose and down her body. Nicci felt like crying when she felt herself leak a little down her leg. How could she be turned on by this. This was mortifying.
The man traced the sides of her hips down to her ankles. "Turn." Nicci knew better than to resist now. When she revealed her backside to him, he traced his hands up from her ankles to to her butt. Just like with her breasts, he grabbed them vigorously. Stretched and pulled the supple flesh. He even smacked her cheeks a couple times. The stings drove her wild inside.
"Turn." Nicci turned again to face him. His hands again traced their way up from her ankles to her pelvis. This time he toyed with her clit a little. "Why is this so wet? Are you peeing?"
"No." Nicci's voice was mousy.
Then you must have something in there. Spread your legs. Nicci spread her legs and felt fireworks erupt inside her when his thick meaty finger shoved inside her tight little pussy. His pointy finger was almost the girth of Tom's flacid penis.
Nicci could barely breathe she was so turned on. That feeling ratcheted up even more when he started wiggling it around inside her. She felt an orgasm coming on faster than ever before. But right before she reached her peak, the man pulled out. Nicci couldn't help but moan in disappointment. She could have sworn she saw a slight smirk briefly flash across the man's face.
"OK, so you have nothing on you. Then what were the two of you doing."
"Nothing."
The man's silence was intimidating enough by itself, but then he said, "Fine. Maybe we'll just call the police and watch the security footage with them."
Nicci felt her stomach leap at that. She wished she could say it was purely from fear. "Please, don't."
"Maybe we'll even call your parents down to watch the video as well." That turned her stomach into a cold stone of fear.
"NO!" She cried out.
"Then tell me what you were doing." That was the loudest the man's voice had ever gotten, and it pushed her to be completely honest.
"We were going down on each other."
"You were what?"
"We were performing oral sex on each other." Nicci was much more meek with her second statement.
"I don't believe you."
"It's the truth." Nicci pleaded.
"No, you're too sweet and innocent to do something that slutty. You are not that kind of a girl."
"But I am that slutty." Nicci whined. "I'm a very slutty girl."
"Prove it."
Nicci was taken aback by the statement for only a second. Then she thought, looked around for an idea, and then dropped to her knees in front of him. She opened his pants and pulled out his massive member. She was stunned at how big it was. It had to be nearly as thick as her forearm, and about three quarters as long.
Nicci was surprised at how heavy it was. Granted she didn't have to lift much considering it was supporting its own lift at this point. Nicci stretch her mouth as wide as it could go and attempted to squeeze it in. She could only get about a quarter of it in her mouth because of its size. She worked the rest of it with her hands.
The man definitely had a smile on his face now. Nicci realized this might be their ticket out of there. She just had to please him enough. She didn't think that she had enough of him in her mouth though. So, she took a break and licked up and down the sides of his monster. Nicci also took this opportunity to fondle his enormous balls. She could barely fit them into her hands.
Nicci then returned her mouth to his tip, took a deep breath, and relaxed her throat as much as possible. Then she began a slow descent down. She felt the steel rod slide over her tongue and tickle her uvula. She paused and then pushed down further. Nicci felt his warm flesh slip down her oesophagus. About half way down her throat.
"Oh yea!" The man groaned in pleasure despite only getting about half of it down her throat.
Nicci pulled back and then pushed back down again. That was as far as she was going to get it, but she was going to milk it for all that it was worth. The man placed his large hands on the back of her head and helped guide her head back and forth. She was impressed she was able to get it so deep inside her.
A minute later the guy pulled out, and as much as Nicci had been enjoying it, she was thankful for the break. She needed a second to catch her breath. "That still doesn't prove you're a slut."
Between gasps Nicci said, "What! Are you kidding me?"
"Most of the women I know will give blow jobs just because they're bored. True sluts skip the foreplay because they can't wait to get filled and get their orgasm"
Nicci looked at him for a second and then started trying to mount him. The mountain of a man practically required ice axes and a sherpa to climb though. The guard just laughed at her clumsy attempt. Nicci looked up at him irritated. "Want to give me a hand."
He actually gave her two. He picked her up by her armpits and lifted her a foot off the ground. Nicci positioned his pole using both hands as he lowered her onto himself She was instantly regretting this as he was much larger than she had ever had inside her before.
She felt her pussy stretching painfully around the solid mass. Through all the pain though, she didn't want to stop. She never knew such a feeling of fullness existed. Finally, she bottomed out on his shaft. Nicci couldn't believe he was completely inside of her. She came instantly and felt her pussy attempting to squirt. But the tight seal meant that only tiny streams of her juices could seep out and down his shaft and body.
But that was when everything started. The guard picked her up and dropped her down again. Nicci was nearly cumming on every pump. She could not stop screaming in pleasure.
After nearly a minute of impaling her face to face, he picked her up, spun her around in the air and started pounding her from behind. No part of Nicci touched the ground after he initially picked her up. Nicci felt even more turned on by how frail and weak she felt in his control.
Suddenly, she felt him drop her to the ground. She just had enough time to turn around before powerful warm jets of his cum were covering her head to toe. Nicci swallowed what came anywhere near her mouth and fingered herself to one last orgasm before she finished.
As soon as it was all over, Nicci collapsed backward onto the ground. She was exhausted, sore, covered in cum, and blissed out of her mind. She could not comprehend the insanity of what she had just experienced.
The man grabbed a towel from the corner of the room and cleaned himself up before sitting down behind a desk. "Sally should be finishing up with your boyfriend soon, and then you two can go."
Tom
Sally was not delicate with how she crashed into the room. The noise startled Tom. But what startled him even more was when Sally began stripping off her clothes.
"Bruno likes his games. He likes toying with the girls until they practically beg to be skewered by him. I'm to busy and old for those types of theatrics. Take your clothes off."
"I'm sorry what?"
"Isn't it obvious? We caught you and your lady friend screwing in my store. Now, the only way you don't end up in prison is if you make me a very happy woman. And you better be good, because I am quite hard to please. Once you've had Bruno, all other men tend to pale in comparison. So, strip."
Tom's head felt like it was spinning in circles. How had he gotten himself into this mess. They had just been playing these harmless games and having a little fun. How could he know he'd be getting blackmailed into having sex with a complete stranger. It infuriated him that someone could be so vile.
And then he realized something else. Nicci was being taken advantage of as well. The woman he loved was practically getting raped by that pervert next door. That was when Tom decided something. He was going to make this woman pay for this little scam they had.
"Strip!" The woman screamed impatiently as she was now down to her white cotton panties and her white slip.
Tom peeled his shirt off and dropped his shorts. The whole time his eyes drilled holes into Sally.
She mocked his gaze as he pulled his underwear off. "Ahh, is the poor little horn dog upset?" She said in a sing song voice. "Is he going to cry? Is he going to call his..." Sally never got to finish that statement as Tom forced her to her knees and slammed his shaft into her mouth.
He grabbed the back of her head and plowed violently in and out of her. Her voice made a warbling sound as she attempted to breathe. In seconds her eyes were tearing up. She pressed against his pelvis to try to slow him down, but he was too strong for her. Less than a minute later he was shooting his load down her throat and forcing her to swallow it. What she couldn't manage drizzled out of her mouth to the floor.
Tom then pulled out and stood her to her feet. She was still a little dazed from the rapid shaking of her head. "You want to blackmail us?" Tom ripped her slip open, exposing her C cup breasts. Her pale chest was suddenly red with the exertion. Tom aggressively pinched and groped her breasts. When he twisted her nipples she yelped.
Then he grabbed her panties and twisted and jerked her around by them until they tore free. "Is this what you want?" Tom pushed her back onto her desk and shoved himself inside her. Sally ended up being quite a bit looser than Nicci. Typically he tried to be gentle and delicate with Nicci as she had such a small and tight pussy. With this woman he had no such restraint.
He grabbed her hips and thrust hard into her. She screamed, but by now, Tom knew a pleasured scream when he heard one. He grabbed her hips and banged in and out of her as hard and fast as he could. Sally wasn't used to being abused this hard, except by Bruno. This was as violent as his feather touch, and she was enjoying every second of it.
Sally's dam burst and her liquids showered everywhere. Tom blew his next load in her pussy a few seconds later. "You like violating people, lets see how you like it." Tom pulled out, flipped her around on the desk, and started lining up for a rear entry.
"No!" Sally called out. "No one's been back there."
Tom paused briefly. His conscience weighed on him with that statement. But then he heard Nicci cries from the other room. "This is for her." And he slammed into her as hard as he could.
He only got about halfway. She really was tight. So he pulled out, revved up, and slammed into her again. She screamed. Tom was about three quarters of the way in now. He pulled out, and with one last impaling he was balls deep inside her butt. That time no noise escaped her lips.
Tom then started riding her as roughly as he could considering her tightness. Over time she slowly began to loosen up and Tom's humping increased in speed. The sound of his skin slapping against hers was almost as loud as her pleasured moans. Sally did not want to admit that she was actually enjoying getting reamed, but it was undeniable.
Because this was roughly Tom's fifth load of the day, he was going at it for nearly 30 minutes. In that time Sally squirted and came about three times. Finally, Tom let loose his load inside of her one last time. This was the largest load he had ever experienced. After pumping three or four shots into her, he pulled out, dropped her to the ground and shot a further five or six more blasts all over her face and body.
Sally was exhausted and just took it. Tom got to his knees beside her head and stuck his deflating shaft into her mouth. "Clean me up." Tom demanded. She obeyed dutifully. "Do you like the taste of your own holes?" Sally was too busy sucking to answer.
Once Tom was satisfied he was clean enough, he pulled out and got dressed. Sally didn't move from her position. He grabbed her clothes and took them with him. Tom walked next door and yanked the door open. Nicci was pulling her shirt down over her breasts. He glared at Bruno who was sitting back in his office chair smoking a cigar.
"You can take her. I had my fun already." Tom gave him the finger. "Yea, I gave her that one too." He joked.
Tom fumed, but also felt powerless. This guy was twice his size there was no chance he would be able to take him. That was when Nicci caught his eye. She subtly showed that she had stolen Bruno's clothes just as he had stolen Sally's. They had both had the same idea. Tom kissed her and they started back for the front entrance.
Before leaving the employees only area, which conveniently had no cameras. Tom and Nicci pulled the fire alarm and bolted for their car. As they drove off laughing. Nicci watched as a naked and soaked Bruno and Sally ran out the front door. They were screaming at each other.
Later that night they saw that the two had been arrested for indecent exposure. Tom wished they could be charged with more, but he would take what he could get.
To be continued.