Hi, A word of caution. If you are looking for blow by blow descriptions of sex it might be best to go to other author's stories. I like to think that the mind is our greatest sex organ. So I try to leave out the graphic details then you can use a little imagination.
Tena
Is it a love story or a friendship story or just about sex?
Hank and I have known each other for years. We meet at a board meeting for a non-profit that I chaired and he was a new member that added a great value to the board. At first it was an appreciation for his attention to detail and the ability to separate the trees from the forest. After one meeting he invited me to stop for a cup of coffee. I was impressed by his manners and his light and cherry conversation. Never once did he bring up anything related to the non-profit. I liked that. Two months later after another meeting he asked again. Then we would stop for coffee after every meeting. I was enjoying our little after meeting meetings.
Then he asked if I would be interested in going to a flower garden one afternoon. A week later we visited a museum. Next it was the zoo about two weeks after the museum. Before I knew it we were doing something on an irregular schedule. Some times every week, sometimes we might skip a week or two. The times were as varied as the occasion. It might be the theater or a ball game or a walk around a lake. Dinner or lunch or it might be a movie. We even went to a school recital. When I asked what kid were we there for he told me he didn't know any of them. We were just supporting them.
When he asked if I might like to hike a short trail in the national park about an hour from town I was quick to agree. It had been over several weeks from our last time together and I missed him. Plans were made and he picked me up in his beat up old pickup truck. For a guy that seemed to have his share of money it was a disgrace the thing he drove.
It was a very enjoyable day, the walk was pleasant, the scenery was great until after we started back to the parking lot. We were fifteen maybe twenty minutes away when the storm hit. In seconds we were drenched. I mean soaked, completely. Not a dry spot anywhere. There was no need to run, the damage had been done. Thankfully it was a warm rain, so we just kept on walking down the trail. A slight downslope was the undoing.
Hank slipped and before he could catch himself he was sliding down the little hill. To meet him at the bottom was a small puddle of water. He was laying on his back laughing like it was his greatest adventure. When I started to laugh it was my undoing. I had started to very carefully go down when it was my turn to slip. So we both were sitting in this pool laughing at our misfortune.
After finally making it back to his truck he explained when he still had it. Water or mud couldn't hurt it. Climb in, drive home, hose it out and it was ready for whatever came next. The vinyl seats and rubber floor mats were no problem. This was a good thing because we had water and mud all over us. One little problem popped up. The heater decided to not work. Which made for a chilly ride and we both were uncomfortable by the time we got back to my place.
I invited him in to dry off and have a warm cup of coffee. He thought he should just go to his place but I insisted. Of course then it got awkward he wouldn't go beyond the entryway with all the water and mud covering his clothes. Finally I told him, to wait and I would get him something. I pulled off my shoes and socks and my wet t-shirt and jeans. I left them in a pile and went and got him a robe. With orders to undress and put on the robe I left him a little privacy. I went into my bathroom and realized I had just let him see my breasts. I hadn't worn a bra today. My little bumps didn't need one so I often went braless. Crap I'm running around almost naked. I quickly put on another robe.
When he walked into the kitchen he was a real sight. The pink short robe I had grabbed and his dirty face and skinny legs sticking out the bottom. I could only laugh. He asked what was going on so I led him to a full length mirror in the hallway. At first he just stared for a minute then broke out in laughter. So hard that tears were streaming down his cheeks.
I should mention, at this point in time we had never kissed. Many times he had held my hand but it felt more like assistance than anything else. As the laughter slowed he turned to me and asked, "Can I kiss you Tena?"
I nodded yes. I may not have realized it but I had been waiting for that kiss for a longtime. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't a dramatic or a world shaking kiss, just a pleasant meeting of lips for a moment. But it did hold some promise.
As we broke apart he was blushing and stammering. I had no idea what he might have been trying to say. I stepped back and asked him if he might like a shower to clean up and get warm. Being the gentleman he thought it best if he didn't mess up the bathroom. I insisted and told him I would wash and dry his clothes while he did and I had a pizza in the freezer for our lunch. It really didn't take a lot of urging and he was heading for the shower.
I was still dirty and washed up as best I could in the kitchen sink. Dug the pizza out and popped it in the oven. Started a pot of coffee and waited and waited and waited. Was there a problem? I knocked on the bathroom door and got no answer. In a panic I rushed in and there was Hank. Standing in the shower with water running down over him and his hand wrapped around his penis rapidly stroking it up and down. He had heard the door open and looked up just as his orgasm hit. Then it got complicated. He was falling, his juice was flying, and as I was backing out of the door I tripped.
I cried out as my butt hit the floor. Hank was crawling out of the shower and leaving the water running and forgetting he was wet and naked to try and come to my aid. I wasn't hurt, not even a little bit. But I lay there looking up and a concerned Hank, asking if I was ok. Then it hit me and I started to laugh, "You do know you're naked don't you? Your dong is hanging right in my face."
Ever the nice guy he still offered to help p me up before he retreated back behind the bathroom door. I heard the water stop running. As he came to the kitchen his face was real red from embarrassment. He tried to apologize and say he was ashamed of himself.
I stopped him with words of wisdom and knowledge of human behavior. "Hank...you can stop with all the noise. I didn't mind what you were doing. Mankind has been doing that for ever haven't they?"
"But...but...but."
"No buts. I only wish I could have seen the whole thing. Now if you don't mind I'm going to take my shower. The pizza is cooking, the coffee is made and the cups are in the cupboard above the sink. Help yourself. I'll be back shortly. I may or I may not do what you were doing. You can think about that while I'm gone." As I walked out of the kitchen I looked back over my shoulder. There was a slight bulge in his pretty pink robe about hip high. No I didn't do it but it was fun to tease him.
I put on a shirt and shorts after a quick shower and as I came back to the kitchen the timer started to buzz. There was a strained silence as we ate. Finally I had enough tension. "Ok Hank, let's talk about it. You were jerking off in my shower. Did I do something that caused it? If I did I'm sorry. No...maybe I'm not sorry. It might be a good thing that I can still get a reaction from a man. Come on, you can talk to me."
He put down the slice he was holding and looked up at me with sad eyes. "Please don't be upset. Yes it was you I was thinking about when I was doing what I was doing. I've been fantasizing about you for some time and when you were wet out on the trail your breasts were on display. I could hardly take my eyes off them. Then we get here and you are in only your panties. I'm sorry...I should be able to control myself better."
I had to smile as I made my little speech, "A lady is never insulted when a man pays her a compliment. The fact that you find my little boobs attractive is a boast to my moral and I thank you for it. It has been a fair number of years since they have received any adoration. If I may, would it be ok if I expose them again? Would you object if I were to open my shirt or maybe take it off completely?"
I had laugh a little when he could only nod his head yes. So I did it and hooked it on the back of his chair. I thought he might like a close-up view. I glanced down and the bulge in his crotch had grown bigger. I was thinking the old Mae West saying about a hard man was good to find and finding one that one can get it up twice in a short amount of time was even better.
At this time the ball was in his court. I sat back across from him and took another slice of the pizza. He sat there without doing anything. He didn't speak; he didn't eat or drink any more coffee. I had no idea what he might be going to do.
Finally I had to break the silence, "It will be while before the washer is done. You want to go to the bedroom? We could discuss the price of rice in China or something." I stood up and held out my hand.
The price of Chinese rice never came up and he was still up when I undid the sash on his robe and pulled the robe off his shoulders. I heard the washer chimes about the same time I was climaxing from his very professional skills at cunnilingus. I had no choice but to return the favor. Which I did with great enthusiasm, I might mention. I felt he was seconds away from his orgasm when he pulled back and gently pushed me on my back and poked me with that hard thing.
I could only do what came natural under those conditions. I wrapped my legs around his thighs and meet each thrust with one of my own. He went faster and harder. It was my pleasure to increase my responses. I was on a short fuse from my previous climax and could feel it about to happen again. The times I have orgasmed from intercourse were very few.
As he pushed extra hard and froze I meet him with the same feelings. Was it possible that we had an orgasm at the same time? I know that in the erotica I read it is an everyday event. I also know that in real life it is very...very rare. I could only marvel at it happening to me.
We lay there for a long time. He was on his back with his soft penis resting on his thigh. Me with his juices seeping out and getting the sheet wet. I didn't even care. What was a wet sheet compared to everything else? I rolled on my side and looked at my friend. My eyes drifted down to his wet adorable dong. I had never considered it before with any of my previous lovers but an impulse made me do it.
I took him back in my mouth and cleaned him up. He was spick and span from his shower, I didn't think he should go home with a sticky dong and I might have been wondering did he have third round in him. Sadly he didn't but he did express great enjoyment at my efforts.
When he asked, "Can I clean you up a little?" I tried to tell him I was good as I was. He insisted so I accepted my fate and let him. Another first, a man was licking me clean, cleaning up his come. I guess if I could enjoy more than one trip to the land of O's I should do that. So I did.
We became more than very good friends that day. One weekend I would spend at his home and the next he would spend at mine. Our visits to all that our area offered continued. The time we spent in bed if possible got even better. I learned more about what he wanted and enjoyed. He learned about my follies. I showed him the things on the web that he had never known existed. What kind of man doesn't look at porn?
Our affair lasted for three years. Then he retired and at about the same time his sister took very seriously sick. He had to leave me, he was her only relative. We kept up a long distance relationship for over a year but it slowly died away. I meet another nice man. Not a Hank but we got along so my needs were taken care of if you know what I mean and if you are still reading my story I suspect you understand what I am trying to say.
The end
I enjoyed spinning this tale and hope you felt it was worth your time reading it. Comments are welcome. They tell me what you the reader think of my stories.