[All characters are 18 years or older.]


Anniversary Fling - Part-3


A sexy wife gets a free pass as an anniversary gift


Erotic Fiction


by


Casey Bea


Part-3


Sandy agrees to mentor a bride-to-be

(A short recap from part-2)
Walking toward one of the lounges for a drink, Sandy and Reed passed a venue hall and peeked inside to see what the gathering was. With a handsome young man in a tux and a pretty young woman in a body-hugging white gown on a raised platform at the front of the room, it was obviously a wedding.
A man just inside the door asked quietly, "Are you with the bride or the groom?"
"Oh, we don't know either of them," Reed said. "We're just being nosy."
"So, is this a real wedding?" Sandy asked. "Or a fantasy being acted out?"
"This is a reenactment of the wedding the way the bride and groomwantedit to be," the man—one of the staff from the resort—replied. "But with parents, grandparents, and kids there, they had to settle for the traditional ceremony. So, they're here with some of the wedding party and a few friends to do it the way they really wanted to."
Looking at the twenty or so people seated in the room, Reed said, "Afewfriends?"
"Oh, most of those are guests here at the resort," the man said. "The couple has opened their celebration to anyone who cares to join in." He gestured toward the chairs, and added, "Please go in and have a seat. I think they're just about to get started."
(Part-3)
They took seats at one side of the arrangement of chairs, and very shortly a priest—probably an actor from the resort staff—came onto the stage. With the groom's best man in his tux, and the bride's bridesmaid wearing a form-hugging long red dress on either side of the couple, he stood in the middle and went through the traditional ceremony. When he got to the part about forsaking all others, the folks in attendance who apparently knew the bride and groom gave a little chuckle.
The "priest" finally said, "By the power vested in me by the island of Fantasy Kay, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride." The couple embraced one another and went into a steaming kiss, but after about ten or fifteen seconds, someone in the front row called out, "Blowjob! Blowjob!" and soon the whole group had joined in the chant.
The "newlyweds" smiled at each other and then the bride went to her knees. She unzipped her new husband's fly and extracted his semi-inflated cock. She took it in her mouth—going all the way to its root so her mouth was actually inside his fly. She held herself there, rocking her head, and Reed imagined the guy's boner becoming stiff and extending itself down her throat.
She pulled back, revealing a very impressive, glistening, stiff boner as she went, and when she pulled off its mushroom knob with apop!the crowd applauded, whooped, and cheered.
She gave his dick-head a lavish tongue-washing, and then began bobbing up and down his cock giving him the blowjob the crowd had asked for.
Sandy leaned over to Reed, and whispered, "Yeah, I can see how they might not have wanted to do this in front of Grandma and Grandpa!"
"Not without paramedics and a deliberator standing by!" Reed replied with a laugh.
As the bride leaned in and took her hubby's cock down her throat once again, someone—a woman this time—called out "Show us the bride's tits!" and the crowd began chanting "Bridal-tits! Bridal-tits!"
The bridesmaid stepped up behind the bride and as she bobbed on her husband's dick, the other woman reached down and rolled the top of her strapless wedding gown down to reveal a set of ample, d-cup tits capped with dark nipples the diameter of a beer can with fat nubs that looked as stiff as the cock in her mouth.
The bridesmaid took hold of the nubs and began pulling on them as the bride drove her hubby's cock back down her throat. The crown went wild! Not to be satisfied for too long, however, someone called out, "Blow the best man, too!" and a chant of "Best man! Best man!" began.
With his dick already hard, the best man had a bit of a time getting it out through his fly, but when he did, the bride went down on it with the same enthusiasm as her husband, and the crowd cheered and whistled. Not to be left out, the bridesmaid went to her knees and took up sucking the groom's abandoned cock.
After half a minute or so, the bride gave the best man's boner a final suck and then stood up with her tits still spilling out over the bodice of her gown. The newlyweds kissed again while the groom still had his cock in the bridesmaid's mouth, then, as if nothing unusual had just transpired in front of him, the priest announced, "The bride and groom will now have a receiving line after which guests are invited next door for a reception."
The bride and groom—she with her big tits hanging out, and he with his stiff dick jutting out through his fly—stepped off the stage and stood at the side of the group near where Sandy and Reed had found seats. A pair of couples that Sandy and Reed assumed were friends of the bride and groom were the first in the receiving line, and being close by, Sandy and Reed got up and took a place in the queue behind them.
The first man kissed the bride as the first woman kissed the groom, but neither kiss was a congratulatory peck. They were steaming kisses with tongue involved. When the man broke his kiss he bent down and gave each of the bride's fat nipples a suck. Likewise, the woman bent down after her kiss and took the groom's protruding dick in her mouth for a single bob.
Having set the tone, the next couple did the same thing, but when Sandy moved up, she gave the bride a passionate kiss and tit-suck before moving on to the groom whom she kissed while stroking his cock before squatting down and taking it all the way down her throat. When she stood back up she smiled at the groom and said, "Congratulations! I'm sure you're going to have a very happy marriage!"
Reed kissed the bride while he thumbed her nipples and then bent down to take each of the nubs between his lips for a tongue-flicking suck. When he moved in front of the groom he made the decision to jump into the bi thing with both feet and he kissed him as passionately as he had the bride. Reed had never been aroused by the thought or sight of two men kissing, and although it wasn't as good as his kiss with the bride, it wasn't altogether bad, either. When he broke the kiss, he followed his wife's lead, squatted down, and took the groom's rigid cock straight down his throat in one bob.
He stood up, shook the guy's hand, and said, "Congratulations, man! I hope you're as happy in your marriage as we are in ours! Thanks for inviting us!"
In the reception hall, snacks and drinks were being served while the growing group mingled. After about ten minutes the best man—his dick still hanging out of his fly although slightly less stiff at the moment—clinked his glass for silence, and then announced, "Ladies and gentlemen, please join me in welcoming the newlyweds, Julie and Mike the new Mr. and Mrs. Colder,!"
The DJ played a jazzy version of the wedding march, and the smiling bride and groom came in through the side door holding hands. The groom was now naked except for a pair of "formal" black boxers with a white bow tie around the waist. His stiff cock and his balls were hanging out through the fly, and across the butt was written, "Groom."
The bride, too, had lost her gown, and her big naked tits jiggled as she walked into the room on spiked heels. She was wearing a white garter belt holding up white stockings, and a pair of white, lace-trimmed satin panties with "Bride" written across her cute bum.
As the crowd cheered and clapped, Sandy leaned over and said into Reed's ear, "I'm guessing that virgin-white might be a bit of a stretch for this bride!"
The groom raised his hands to calm the crowd, and then said, "Thank you all for coming today to help Julie and me celebrate the beginning of our life together!"
Julie then added, "And as I'm sure you know, each orgasm that's achieved here today means another year of happy marriage for us, so please, fuck your brains out and mark the tally board!"
Reed laughed, and said, "Well,that'sa wedding tradition I'd never heard of! Something borrowed; someone screwed?" They looked over and saw a big white-board next to the DJ. Across the top was written, "Cum For Julie and Mike!" Below that, the board was divided in two; one side for the guys and the other for the gals.
Immediately, the best man and the bridesmaid were shucking their clothes. He too was wearing formal boxers with his now-resurrected dick sticking out, and she wore no bra, had on a red garter supporting dark stockings, and completed the outfit with a red satin thong that barely covered her shaven pussy-mound and disappeared between her generous-but-firm ass-cheeks. She bent over at the waist and began giving the best man a bobbing blowjob.
Sandy and Reed looked around and saw that the other guests were stripping and getting right into the swing of the party, so they did as well. The resort had thoughtfully supplied a bank of cubbyholes to store one's clothes.
Naked, Sandy and Reed embraced and kissed, and then she said, "Have fun, sweetheart! I'll see you later." She then headed in the direction of a stunning black girl who was just wiggling her tight shorts down over her wonderful ass.
"Can I help you with that?" Sandy asked the woman as she slid her hands over her smooth ebony ass-cheeks before hooking her thumbs into the waistband of the shorts. She slid them all the way to the floor and used her bent-over position to plant a couple of lavish kisses on the ass that was right in front of her face.
The woman drew in a deep breath as she pulled her halter top off over her head, exposing her c-cup tits with their almost black quarter-size nipples. She turned around and took Sandy into an embrace as she stood up. She put her lips against Sandy's and began a steaming kiss as she ground her naked body against Sandy's. After several moments, she broke the kiss, and said almost breathlessly, "I ... I've never done this before."
"You mean taken your clothes off and screwed around at someone's wedding or been with another woman?"
She laughed and replied, "Neither! But I'm looking forward to both!"
Sandy kissed her again and then bent down and sucked on her nipples. The woman let out a soft moan when Sandy clamped her teeth lightly on one of her stiff nubs and flicked its tip with her tongue.
Sandy slid her hand down the woman's flat belly and over her curly-haired mound, planning to rub a finger into her pussy-lips, but the woman took hold of her wrist and stopped her advance.
"I want your tongue to be the first thing in my pussy," she said. "Is that okay?"
"Oh, sweetheart, that will be my pleasure!" Sandy replied. She took her by both hands, kissed her full lips again, and then said, "I'm Sandy, by the way. Pleased to meet you."
The reception area opened on one side to an in-ground swimming pool, and beyond that the beach, and Sandy led her new friend toward a vacant lounge chair that was in the shade beside the pool. "I don't know the bride or groom, do you?" she went on. "I'm a guest here at the resort."
"I'm Tanya," the woman replied as they walked. "No. I'm just a guest here, too. I came here to try to break out of my same-old-routine sex life; to see what the wild side was like but without any of my friends knowing I secretly want to be a bisexual slut ... at least for a couple of days."
They worked their way around a circle of four naked guys who were getting blowjobs from an older woman who was squatted in the middle of them. Sandy recognized her as the woman who had sucked her husband's cock while he watched her fucking the kid, Jay, in their room. She commented to Tanya, "The question is; will you be able to go back to your same-old-routine sex life after you've experienced the wild side?" They stopped next to a lounge chair, Sandy kissed her again, and then added, "I'm going to do everything inmypower to make you want to stay on this side."
Sandy had Tanya lay back on the reclined chair and then eased her legs apart letting her calves and feet drape over the sides. Then, leaning on her forearms, she made her way in until her face was two or three inches from her first black pussy. Set against her smooth brown skin, Tanya's pussy-mound was an inverted teardrop shape of nearly-black flesh that ended in the pucker of her equally-black anus. Her pussy-lips were not quite clamshell, but closedalmosttogether framing the wavy tissue of her labia, wet with obvious arousal. The lips were freshly shaved, but not the triangle of tightly-curled pubic hair just above it. Sandy found that jet-black nest to be somehow fascinating and she moved her head up so she could press her lips into the wire-like hair.
After a bit of coarse nuzzling, she moved back between Tanya's spread legs and blew a light stream of cooling air across her glistening slit. Tanya let out a soft moan and closed her eyes as the coolness caused her pussy to tingle and leak a dribble of arousal juice that trickled down to her sphincter.
Watching the little trickle form and then run down, Sandy said teasingly, "Oh, my! Is someone excited about having her pussy eaten by another woman for the first time?"
"Oh, God yes!" Tanya answered and forced her legs apart a bit more as an invitation.
Sandy leaned in and starting at the bottom, she ran the tip of her tongue lightly up the length of Tanya's pussy along the soft flesh of her exposed labia but not with enough force to displace her pussy lips. When she reached the top, she traced little circles around the divot below which her clit was hidden and was no doubt aching for contact. But Sandy knew that a little teasing would turn that ache into a full-fledged burn, and she slowly traced her way back down her new friend's pussy.
Tanya had had her pussy eaten by boyfriends before, but it had never included the kind of tender teasing that Sandy was giving her. Chuck, the boy who got her virginity, never really liked licking her pussy and only did it asquid pro quofor her taking his dick in her mouth, and Ben, her college boyfriend, only licked her to get her wet for penetration. Neither had ever even come close to bringing her to orgasm with their mouths.
Larry, the guy she'd most recently broken up with, was a bit aggressive in his pussy-eating style—as he was with his love-making—but had never brought her off with his mouth, either. Instead, he always wanted to feel her cunt constricting around his cock when he made her cum. When she eventually realized that their whole relationship—just like his love-making—was all about him, she broke it off. A week later she had booked a two-day stay at Fantasy Kay.
Sandy teased up and down Tanya's slit a few times adding her mouth against her pussy-lips, pulling a light suction and gathering the salty juices that her pussy was freely producing.
Tanya had never felt anything so wonderful on her pussy before until, at the top of the next lick, Sandy pushed her tongue deep into her clit-divot and ground it against the super-sensitive little nub tucked within.
"Oh, shit!" Tanya cried out and put her hands on the back of Sandy's head to keep her from moving. "Do that right there! Oh, shit! I am going to cum all over your fucking face!"
Sandy pressed her mouth tightly against Tanya's cunt and sucked as she ground and wiggled her tongue against the woman's clit.
Tanya began rocking her hips up and down to hump Sandy's face, and Sandy responded by rocking her head from side to side. Tanya then lifted her ass from the cushion and pulled Sandy's face against her cunt as tightly as she could.
Just as Tanya's pussy began to erupt, Sandy reached up and pushed a finger deep into her cunt-hole. She quickly found her g-spot and as she pressed into it with her fingertip, she ground her tongue even harder against her clit.
"Oh, fuck me!" Tanya cried as her cunt tightened and gushed a massive orgasm around Sandy's finger and tongue and into her sucking mouth. She screwed her eyes shut and let out a series of high-pitched whines as her pussy spasmed over and over in what was the longest, most intense orgasm she could remember ever having.
When her long orgasm finally began to ebb, Tanya took Sandy's head between her hands and pulled her up across her naked body, covering her cum-soaked lips with her own. She kissed her passionately, lapping at her own pussy-juice while mewing contentedly into her mouth.
Sandy moved her leg up against Tanya's drenched pussy and ground into it, quickly triggering another smaller orgasm ... or perhaps an extension of the first.
"Fuck!" Tanya groaned into Sandy's mouth. "Will you marry me? I'm sure the priest is still here somewhere, probably fucking the bride!"
Sandy laughed, and said, "And end your wild-side exploration when it's just beginning? Wait'll you try a three-way and get your pussy licked while it's being fucked by a fat cock! You won't want to settle down withanyone!"
"Right now, I want to settle my face between your legs and eatyourpussy, Sandy!" Tanya replied. "I want to give you the kind of orgasm you just gave me and taste your hot cum squirting into my mouth!"
A few moments later, Sandy was lying on the cushion—her ass in Tanya's wet spot—and Tanya was on her knees and lowering her face to Sandy's glistening cunt.
As aroused as she was and burning with curiosity to taste her first pussy, Tanya lacked the patience to tease Sandy as she had done to her. Instead, she opened her mouth and planted it over Sandy's pussy lips, giving it a passionate, sucking kiss while extending and wiggling her tongue into its soft depths.
Tanya had tasted her own pussy-juice, of course; off of her own fingers and off of a hard cock that had just fucked her pussy. Sandy's pussy-juice was similar in taste but perhaps a little more salty than she recalled her own being. What really struck her, though, was theamountof it! Her pussy was drenched! It made her own pussy tingle to know that she had aroused this beautiful, experienced woman that much. The second thing that made an impression was how wonderfully soft the folds of her cunt were against her lips and tongue, as opposed to the almost unyielding stiffness of an engorged cock in her mouth. The third thing was how hot Sandy's pussy was. The taste, feel, smell, and even the sounds of her own wet lapping and sucking all combined to make Tanya a card-carrying cunt-eater forever. If this was the wild side, she was taking up residence!
As Tanya devoured her first cunt as if it might be her last, Sandy laid her hands on her head and gently stroked her hair. "Oh, Lord, sweetheart, that feels good!" she said. "Welcome to the world of pussy eating!"
As Tanya flicked her tongue over Sandy's clit—another wonderful new sensation—a naked man with a stiff eight-inch cock stepped up behind Tanya's upturned ass, gently caressed the smooth brown cheeks, and asked, "Do you mind if I join in?"
"What do you say, sweetheart?" Sandy said to Tanya as she drove her tongue deep into her cunt-hole and mewed at the unexpected touch on her naked ass. "You ready for that three-way? Are you ready to feel a stiff cock fucking your cunt while I lick it and while you face-fuck mine?"
Tanya lifted her mouth from Sandy's pussy—her face was glistening with pussy-juice from chin to cheeks—and moaned, "Oh, God yes!" As they rearrange positions on the lounge chair Tanya took a few moments to give Sandy a steaming, pussy-flavored kiss.
In their 69 with Sandy on the bottom, the two women began lapping and sucking one another's soaked pussies. The man crawled up on the chaise and wiped a palmful of spit over his mushroom-shaped knob as he shuffled forward. With his fist wrapped around his boner, he guided his cock-head to where Sandy's mouth was clamped against Tanya's cunt and leaned forward to separate the two pairs of lips. Sandy wiggled her tongue against Tanya's clit as the fat knob spread her pussy-lips and popped inside. She then pressed her mouth tightly against the splayed lips and stiff cock, and tongued and sucked as the guy began to fuck Tanya's cunt.
"Holy fucking shit!" Tanya growled into Sandy's pussy at the combined onslaught on her cunt. She stuck her tongue out as far as she could force it and began bobbing her head, fucking Sandy's cunt-hole as best she could while smacking her face into the drenched pussy-lips with each bob.
The man took hold of Tanya's hips and quickly picked up the pace and force of his fucking. He was a middle-aged white dude of medium build who had never had his cock in a black pussy before nor a pussy ofanyvariety while it was being eaten. He and his wife of forty years had come to Fantasy Kay to celebrate that monogamous milestone by doing some of the things they'd watched in the porn videos they used as foreplay. At the moment, she was laying belly-down across a table getting her pussy fucked from behind while she sucked on a youthful cock jabbing in and out of her mouth.
The combination of Tanya's pussy-smacking face-fuck and the feel and taste of the guy's fat cock sliding in and out of Tanya's stretched cunt brought Sandy's orgasm to a boil and as Tanya sucked and flicked it with her tongue, her pussy erupted into her mouth.
The sensation of a pussy spasming under her lips, the taste of the hot, salty cunt-juice being forceed into her mouth, and the feel of a fat cock being driven up her cunt while her clit was being sucked combined to set off another orgasm for Tanya. Her pussy tightened around the cock and her pussy-juice squirted out around it, soaking Sandy's entire face as she sucked to catch what she could.
The gushing tightness of Tanya's cunt, the feel of a tongue along the underside of his cock, and the orgasm-driven moans of both women had the cum boiling in the guy's balls, and he moaned, "Oh, man! I'm gonna cum! Where do you want it?"
Tanya lifted he head, and quickly responded, "In her face! Blow your load all over her pretty face and I'm going to lick it all off!"
As soon as he pulled his cock from Tanya's still-cumming cunt, she spun around so she could watch the guy jerk off on Sandy's face. As he began to beat his meat in front of the two lovely faces, Tanya reached back and kept her own orgasm going with her fingers.
With short, fast strokes right behind his big, squishy knob, the guy quickly had his orgasm on its way and he aimed his cock at Sandy's face as a long stream of cum spurted from his pee-hole. This was his well-built-up first orgasm of the day so it was intense and huge.
"Fu-uck!" he groaned as the first rope of jism escaped his dick and painted a thick, white line from her forehead, across her nose, and onto her chin. He then resumed jerking off and pumped squirt after squirt of cum all over her face.
When he finally squeezed out the last drops, Tanya leaned down and covered Sandy's mouth with her own, gathered up a good amount of the warm goo and shared it with her. As the guy staggered back to plop down in a chair, Tanya recovered and shared nearly every drop of his cum.
When she was done—and Sandy's face was wet with salivaandcum—she kissed Tanya, and said, "So, how are you liking the wild side so far?"
"Oh, my God, thank you so much for showing me!" she replied with a wide smile. She looked around at the "wedding guests" in all sorts of sexual couplings, and added, "So many possibilities and so little time! I'm only here for two days!"
"Well, I won't monopolize you then," Sandy said with a chuckle. "Go and be wild! And it was my absolute pleasure to be your first wild-thing and your first woman lover, by the way! And I hope you'll continue to explore your wild side even when you get back home. No more same-old, same-old sex."
"Oh, you can count onthat!" Tanya said as she climbed off the chaise. As Sandy sat up, Tanya bent down and gave her another kiss, and added, "Right now, I'm going to go find a couple of guys and get myself spit-roasted!"
Sandy got up and looked around to see if she could see what her husband was doing. Off to her left the bride—now without her panties but still in her garter and stockings—was bent over at the waist eating the pussy of a woman who was sitting on a bar stool and leaning back against the bar. She was getting fucked from behind by a young guy who appeared to have his cock up her ass. She didn't see where the groom was.
To her right, in the pool, a woman with short, jet-black hair was giving a blowjob to a guy sitting on the edge. Another guy waded up behind her and slipped his boner into her pussy, causing her to moan around the cock in her mouth and then double-down on the blowjob she was giving.
Straight ahead at the other end of the venue, she picked out her husband. He was fucking a pale-skinned redhead from behind while she was bent over and getting her mouth fucked from the front. As she walked toward them—past and around pairs and groups in every manner of sexual coupling—the guy getting the blowjob apparently said something that Sandy couldn't hear and a moment later both the woman and Reed were on their knees in front of the guy and taking turns sucking his cock.
As she got closer, Sandy noted how adorable the redhead was. Her ginger hair was pulled back in a ponytail and she had typically fair skin that was sprinkled with a few freckles across her nose and cheeks, and across her chest, but not on her tits. Her tits were about the size of grapefruits, firm, pale, and capped by quarter-sized puffy pink nipples. She had a narrow waist, wide hips, and a tear-drop ass that was as smooth and white as her tits.
Sandy leaned on the end of the bar and watched as the woman and her husband shared the other guy's seven-inch cock. Each would bob up and down its length a few times and then push forward and take it down their throat, eliciting a deep moan from the guy each time. When they pulled off, the other person would go at it, making no attempt to break the web of throat-slime and saliva that quickly connected both mouths and the fat cock.
As the guy got closer to his orgasm he pulled the two heads together so the woman and Reed were cheek-to-sloppy-cheek and he could alternate fucking their mouths—and throats—with barely an inch of sideways movement.
Very soon, the guy began a deep gurgling sound and he took his slippery cock in his fist and began jerking off with fast, full-length, knob-coving strokes. Fifteen seconds later, he let out a high-pitched squeal that was in almost comical contrast to his gurgle, and his dick spurted into Reed's open and waiting mouth. He guided his second spurt into the redhead's mouth, and then the two of them clamped their lips over the cock-head while the guy continued jerking off as he cupped and firmly massaged his balls with his other hand, forcing every bit of sperm from his testicles that he could.
As Sandy watched her husband and the pretty redhead get their mouths filled cum, a bartender approached from behind her and asked, "What can I get you, ma'am?"
Crooking a thumb in the trio's direction, she said jokingly, "I'll have what they're having!"
He looked, chuckled, and replied, "One blowjob shot, coming up!"
She laughed at the unintended ordering of a drink she hadn't had in years, but looked forward to it.
By the time the bartender returned with the shot glass of Amaretto and Bailey's, topped with whipped cream, Reed was standing next to his wife, wiping his face with a couple of tissues. He looked at the drink, laughed, and said, "Well, that's appropriate!" To the bartender, he added, "I'll have one, too, please."
He kissed his wife and asked, "So, are you having a good time? Is this about the craziest wedding you could imagine?"
"It sure is, and yes; I'm having a wonderful time," she answered. "I got to take a sexy young lady's bisexual virginity and ate my first black pussy in the bargain."
"Oh, howwasthat?" he asked. "I've never had the opportunity togo black, as it were."
"I've never eaten a pussy Ididn'tlike," Sandy replied. "They'realla little different. What struck me most about hers was her tight, curly public hair. It was fun to grind my lips and face into."
"Sounds like a good way to exfoliate," he said with a chuckle.
His drink arrived, and she said, "Shall we throw them back in the traditional way?"
They put their hands behind their backs, leaned over, and clamped their lips around the rim of the shot glasses. They sucked up and swallowed the whipped cream, and then lifted the glasses with their mouths, tilted their heads back, and let the combined liqueurs run down their throats.
They plunked the glasses back on the bar and then turned and kissed each other with whipped-cream-smeared lips. When they broke, Sandy said, "Are you getting hungry?"
"I am," he replied. "Pussy and cock and even cum aren't very filling, are they? And all I've seen for food is pretzels, mixed nuts, and those little pigs in a blanket."

***

Half an hour later Sandy and Reed were showered and dressed and being seated in one of the dining rooms. As the six-packed young waiter laid Sandy's napkin across her lap she happened to look over at the door, and said to Reed, "Oh, my! That's Jay's fiancé, Jill! He showed me a picture of her."
"Jay?" Reed said as he turned to look.
"The kid from the pool who brought me a drink and I fucked his brains out as a tip," she replied. "You watched while you got your cock sucked."
"ThatI remember!" he said with a laugh. "I guess I didn't catch his name."
"Anyway, she and Jay are getting married in a couple of months," Sandy explained, "and her maid-of-honor decided that they each needed to have a last fling before they settled down to monotonous monogamy, so the wedding party pooled their funds and sent them each here for a couple of days, one after the other so they could be free to do whatever they wanted. He must have left on the boat that brought her over." She then pushed back from the table, and said, "I'm going to invite her to join us."
Being a single diner, Jill was headed for a place at the bar when Sandy intercepted her. "Excuse me," she said, "but is your name Jill?"
The young woman looked at her, a bit surprised that anyone there would know her name, but then it clicked. "You must be Sandy," she replied. "My fiancé described you and said I should look you up."
"Well, wasn't that sweet of him?" Sandy said. "Please come and join my husband and I at our table."
"Your husband?" she replied. "Jay said you were single."
"A fantasy that he and I are acting out while we're here," Sandy explained as they walked. At the table, Reed stood up and Sandy made the introductions.
"I, um, I'm really glad I ran into you fresh off the boat," Jill said after they all sat down. "I'm not really good at putting myself out there and meeting strangers. Jay and I met at the boat and he told me about you and that you had some things you could show me. I really want to please him and be a good wife, but I, um, I kind of want to try being ... well, being a slut, too. I have this friend, Ginger—she's my maid-of-honor—and she's screwed more guys than I've ever held hands with I think. I've always been a little envious of her, I guess, but way too shy and introverted to put myself out there the way she does. I guess I didn't want to get a reputation as being easy, either." She chuckled nervously, lowered her voice and added, "Here, if I'm a wonton, dick-hungry slut for a couple of days, that reputation stays on the island when I leave."
Sandy smiled at the young girl's nervous rambling, patted her hand, and said, "Well, you certainly have the right attitude for this place! If you want, I'd be thrilled to be your mentor while you're here. And I'm sure Reed will pitch in to help out, as well."
"I am at your service, ladies," he replied with a slight bow. "Use me however you'd like."
Sandy looked at him with a devious little grin, and said, "Be careful what you wish for, sweetheart." She then gave Jill a wink and a smile.
As they ate, Sandy drew Jill out of her shell more and more. She started by getting her to describe the first time she masturbated to an orgasm, and encouraging her to use more graphic language such ascuntinstead ofdown there, andfinger-fuckedrather thanplayed with myself. She caught on quickly and obviously enjoyed talking dirty in public as she soon stopped dropping her voice each time she used a profanity.
Sandy got her to tell them about the first time she'd had sex. It was on a neighbor's living room couch while she was staying there dog-sitting for a weekend. It was with her high school first-boyfriend and it was over—at least for him—way too quickly. She didn't get to reach an orgasmwith a stiff cock inside of her(her words) until she met her fiancé, Jay, in college.
Sandy asked her about the first time she'd gotten her pussy eaten. Again, it was by her fiancé and she loved it, but he'd never made her cum with his mouth. Likewise with sucking his cock; "He likes it and I don't mind doing for him," Jill told her.
Sandy chuckled, and repeated, "He likes it and you don't mind doing it for him? Oh, sweetheart, you should both belovingit! Has he ever cum in your mouth?"
"Uh, uh," she replied having always found the thought a bit gross, but now a little embarrassed at admitting that very un-slut-like feeling to her worldly and experienced mentor. "But he has squirted on my tits!" she added to make up for it a little bit.
"Squirted on your tits?" Sandy repeated with a raised eyebrow. "Could you perhaps be a bit more descriptive?"
Jill laughed, and replied, "He stood in front of me and jerked off his fat cock until he blew his load of hot, sticky cum all over my naked tits!"
Sandy smiled, and said, "That'smore like it!" She swallowed the salad she was chewing, and added, "Now show us the tits that your fiancé covered with his hot splooge."
She did a quick glance around the crowded room, and replied, "Here?"
"Yes, my pretty little slut-in-training," Sandy answered in a serious tone. "Stand up, take off your blouse and then your bra, and let us—everyone—see the perky young tits that could inspire your fiancé to jerk off his stiff boner and paint them with his sperm."
Jill had a completely unexpected reaction to being told—in serious, nasty words—to expose herself in a room full of strangers; her pussy leaked into her panties. She wasn't sure if it was this older woman's firm domination that caused her sudden escalation in arousal or if it was the thought of a couple dozen men—and women!—ogling the tits that only a couple of boyfriends and her fiancé had ever seen before. In truth, it was a greater-than-the-sum-of-the-parts combination of the two.
She slid her chair back—which made more attention-drawing noise than she'd expected—and she pulled the tails of her blouse up out of her shorts. As she unbuttoned the bright yellow shirt she glanced around and found many people staring at her and elbowing others to look, as well. Her pussy leaked again.
She slid the blouse off her arms and laid it over her chair, then reached back and manipulated the two halves of her bra hook apart. The sudden relaxation of the familiar and safe firmness that was cupping and hiding her tits made her pussy dribble yet again in anticipation of the most brazen thing she had ever done in her life. She was actually afraid that by the time she got the bra completely off and this room full of strangers was looking at her naked tits that she would blow an orgasm into her shorts. But that embarrassing thought sure as hell wasn't going to stop her! If anything, it encouraged her. This slut stuff was intoxicating!
With a long exhale, she let the bra slide down her arms revealing a pair of pale-skinned, b-cup titties that were capped with light brown nipples that were about an inch across and as stiff as they had ever been—probably stiffer. As she laid the bra across the back of her chair, the room erupted in applause and her pussy leaked again. It wasn't an orgasm, but she was sure that anyone who dropped their gaze from her naked tits would see the wet spot in the crotch of her white shorts. Any other time before today that would have been mortifying, but now it just added to the electric tingle that danced between her rigid, naked nipples and her cunt.
Sandy made a twirling motion with her finger, and said, "Turn around, sweetheart, so everyone can see your lovely tits. And they are lovely, by the way. I'm sure any guy here would be happy to jerk off on them."
A dozen hands shot up along with a chorus of "Oh, yeah!" and "Pick me!"
Sandy laughed, and replied, "Maybe later," to the eager guys. To Jill, she said, "Now, put your blouse back on, but leave it untucked and only do up the bottom two buttons. Sometimes a little tease is more exciting than full disclosure."
When Jill sat back down, she found the way that the blouse gapped open to expose her semi-covered tits to be very arousing, indeed. She envisioned throwing away all of her bras when she got home.
Sandy reached over and brushed a fingertip over the end of one of Jill's erect nipples. She then closed her thumb and two fingers over it so the stiff protrusion was captured between her fingernails and gave it a pull. Jill sucked in her breath as her tit and nipple extended and the sharp nails dragged over and then off of the leathery nub. No one had ever done anything like that to one of her tits before, and sure as hell not in public! Her pussy leaked some more.
Jill squirmed in her chair as her pussy dribbled, and Sandy recognized the reaction. She looked down at the girl's crotch and said, "Spread your legs for me." She did, and Sandy added, "Just as I thought; you're soaked down there. You'd better take those wet shorts off."
The normal, rationally-thinking part of Jill's mind hoped that Sandy meantgo to the lady's room and take off your shorts, but the newly-activated, submissive, exhibitionist side wanted her to be told to do it right there. "Right ... right here?" Jill asked hesitantly as the two sides of her brain fought for control of her body and her modesty.
"Yes. Right here," Jill answered flatly. "And your panties, too."
Jill's heart was slamming in her chest as she stood up, knowing that every eye in the room was probably on her. She kept her eyes on Sandy's face, however, as she unbuttoned her shorts and pulled down her fly. Sandy didn't look back at her though; she kept her gaze focused on her shorts.
Jill hooked her thumbs into the waistband of the shorts and inside the elastic of her panties. She drew in a breath and pushed them down.
The modest side of her brain took a tiny bit of consolation in the fact that the tails of her blouse were going to hide at least some of her privates, but when the cool air hit the wetness of her pussy it sent a charge through her body that kicked that part of her brain into the corner.
As she bent over and worked the shorts and panties off over her sandals she knew she was exposing her ass to one half of the room and her tits to the other half, but she made no attempt at all to cover up.
When she straightened up, holding her panties and shorts, Sandy said, "That's more comfortable, now, isn't it? Hang them on the back of your chair and then lift your shirt tails and do a turn so everyone can see your shaved pussy—and how wet it is—and how pretty your cute little bum is."
A shiver ran through Jill's body as she did a slow turn and everyone in the room—men and women—gave her an ovation. She had never felt so sexually on fire without someone touching her in her life! She was quite sure that if she so much as touched her clit her pussy would erupt for the whole room to see. She seriously considered doing it, but equally as exciting as exposing herself to a room full of people was giving total control of what was happening to her to this lovely older woman that she'd only met less than an hour ago.
"Have a seat," Sandy said, "and let's finish our dinner now that you're more comfortable."

***

Forty-five minutes later—after several men, women, and couples had stopped by the table to compliment Jill on her little show—Sandy, Reed, and Jill were leaving the restaurant. Sandy and Jill were arm-in-arm and Reed carried Jill's clothes in a bag that one of the wait staff had thoughtfully provided.
It was a wonderful, star-filled night, and when they got to a spot where the pathway diverged and went in different directions, Sandy pointed and said, "We're over this way; down by the water. If you're serious about wanting to be mentored to be a hot-wife for your husband-to-be, I think you should stay with us."
"Oh, I am!" Jill replied. "Let me go get my suitcase; I'm down this way by the pool."
"Reed will go with you," Sandy said. "I have something I want to do, then I'll meet you at our bungalow."
When Jill and Reed arrived, Sandy was already there and had ordered drinks for all of them. "Let's sit out on the deck for a while and enjoy the stars and the sound of the waves," she suggested. She turned off all of the bungalow lights and their eyes were fully adjusted to the light from the nearly-full moon by the time the waitress showed up with their drinks.
As they chatted about their jobs, hobbies, and what they did back home, a man walking along the water's edge looked over and waved. "Hi!" he said as he walked across the sand toward them. "I was at the bar earlier when you did your striptease," he went on speaking to Jill. With a chuckle, he added, "That is without question the hottest thing I have ever seen happen in a restaurant! I was rubbing my boner in my shorts when you did that turn to show off your gorgeous ass."
In the moonlight, no one could see the color come up in Jill's face, but she felt the heat of her embarrassment flush her. But his recognition and compliment also aroused her and she felt her nipples and pussy tingle.
"Would you like to put your boner in her mouth?" Sandy asked him. "It seems only fair since she got you all excited."
Jill blinked and gave Sandy a surprised look. She had not seenthatcoming! She had expected that Reed's would be the first dick that her mentor would have her suck; at least she knew him a little bit. This guy was a perfect stranger!
The guy was equally surprised, but quickly answered, "Um, sure!"
"Our friend, here," Sandy went on looking at the man, "is a slut-in-training. She needs to get used to being told what to do." She turned to Jill, and went on, "Pull down his trunks and take his cock in your mouth."
A sexually-electric shiver ran through every erogenous point in Jill's body as she slid forward on her chair to get closer to the middle-aged man. She couldn't believe how aroused she was at being "forced" to suck a stranger's dick. There was obviously a very willing submissive slut hidden inside her waiting to be freed.
She pulled the string at the waistband of his shorts, untying the bow. Then she took hold of the sides and worked them down over his ass. When they slid down his thighs his dick and his dense tangle of dark pubic hair came into view a half a foot in front of her face. His dick wasn't limp, but it wasn't an erection yet, either. That deflated her ego a little; she had expected him to have a raging hard-on at the thought of getting a blowjob from a nearly-naked, pretty young stranger, half his age. In his defense, he had not been anticipating this turn of events any more than she had, and he had consumed a good deal of alcohol at the bar.
Jill reached up to—hopefully—stroke his dick to full hardness, but Sandy said, "Just your mouth, sweetheart."
Another tingle tickled her pussy at Sandy's domination as she opened her mouth and extended her tongue. The guy must have been turned on by that, too, she thought, as his dick was already rising to meet her approaching mouth. In fact, it was more the realization that he was about to get an outdoor blowjob by a lovely young thing that could be one of his daughter's friends—whom he lusted after whenever they were around—that had his boner growing.
Using her tongue, Jill lifted the tip of the man's dick into her mouth and sucked as she pulled back, stretching it out straight. It inflated and became the raging hard-on she had expected almost instantly. That gave her womanly ego a needed boost.
His cock—and it could now be called that—was fat and six, maybe seven inches long. It had almost no knobper sebut tapered to a bullet-nose end with barely a bump passing for a ridge. Jill pressed her tongue against its underside like she knew Jay enjoyed and she began bobbing her head with her hands resting on her own knees. If showing her privates to a room full of strangers had not made her feel like a slut, then giving a total stranger a blowjob while her new mentor and her hubby looked on surely did! Her naked pussy dribbled and as her arousal-juice ran into the crack of her ass the cool night air caused a little shiver to tingle up through her body.
"Can you take him into your throat?" Sandy asked Jill. From her conversations with her fiancé, she already knew that she couldn't.
Jill pulled off the glistening cock and answered, "I can't do that. My gag reflex is way too sensitive."
"Well, let's see what you can do," Sandy said. "Give it a try; let's see how much of his fat cock youcanget in your mouth."
Jill gave his dick a couple of short bobs, then steeled her nerves and slowly leaned in slowly taking more and more into her mouth. When the bullet-nose tip touched the entrance to her throat her whole body convulsed and she quickly pulled back with watering eyes.
Sandy—and even Reed—could see that she had done it exactly wrong. She was anticipating gagging, and she had tried to pierce her throat far too slowly.
"Sorry," Jill said to Sandy as she blinked her eyes. "I've tried that with Jay but it's just no use."
"We'll work on it," Sandy said patting her hand. She looked up at the man, and added, "Thank you for the use of your cock. I hope you enjoyed that."
"That ... that's it?" he stammered.
"I asked if you wanted to put your boner in her mouth," Sandy replied. "Not cum in it. Most men would be happy with even a brief blowjob from such a pretty young stranger. We're going inside now, but I'm going to leave the shades open, so you're welcome to sit out here and jerk off while you watch us if you'd like."
"Then how about a suck fromyou, before you go?" the man said. "Don't you need to show her how it's done?"
Sandy was amused at his negotiating, and she replied, "Fair enough," as she scooted to the edge of her chair. He kicked the trunks from around his ankles and stepped in front of her, his dick sticking straight out and tingling as Jill's saliva evaporated in the night air.
Sandy swirled her tongue over his knobless cock-tip as she ran her hands up the back of his legs to his naked ass-cheeks. She dug her fingers into his ass and pushed her head forward, shoving his cock down her throat in one swift motion. With her lips nuzzled against his curly pubes, she wiggled her head to force every inch of his fat dick down her gullet.
"Oh, Christ!" the man groaned having not expected that.
"Oh, wow!" Jill said, also surprised at how quickly and easily her mentor had made the thick cock disappear down her throat. She wondered how many years of practice she'd had doing it.
Holding herself impaled, Sandy reached over, took Jill's hand, and placed it on her throat to feel the bulge the guy's boner was making. When Sandy pulled back and her throat collapsed back to normal size, Jill said, "Holy shit! That is so frigging hot! You have got to teach me that! That will knock Jay's socks off!"
"I don't know who Jay is," the guy commented, "but it'll get hisrocksoff, too!" To Sandy, he said, "One more of those before you go? Please?"
"Hubby will give you one, won't you, dear?" she replied.
"No shit?" the guy said. "You can do that, too?"
"Step on over and let's find out," Reed replied.
Jill gave Sandy a surprised look, and she responded with a smile by saying, "I taught him everything I know."
The guy stepped in front of Reed with his hard-on, now slick with Sandy's throat-slime, standing out like a flagpole. As Reed flicked its tip with his tongue he took the guy's hands and put them on the back of his head. He then said, "Ready when you are, big guy," and pursed his lips against the pointy little cock-head.
The guy pulled Reed's head and rocked his hips at the same time and forced his cock down his throat in one fast shove. "Fuck!" he groaned as he held him there and wiggled his hips to grind Reed's lips into his pubes and to drive every last bit of his dick down his throat. He then pulled nearly all the way out of Reed's mouth and gave him two more full-depth throat-fucks, growling, "Holy, fucking, shit!"
As he drove his cock down her husband's throat for the third time, Sandy asked, "So, are you bi?"
"I'm not really into guys normally," he replied. "But holy hell, I could get used tothis!"
"Well, you should consider giving it a try," Sandy said as Reed pulled himself off the thick cock for the last time, leaving a thick web of slime dangling from its tip. "You're missing out on a lot of fun if you're not batting from both sides of the plate."
"One more to hold me over while I think about?" he replied as he pulled on Reed's head again.
But Reed resisted this time, and said, "Tit for tat. You need to see how the other half lives. Take my dick in your mouth—you don't have to try to throat me—and then you can fuckmymouth again."
The guy's mind raced as he tried to make a decision, but the testosterone flooding his brain tipped the scales, and he said, "Okay. But no throat! And you better not cum in my mouth!"
"Don't worry," Reed said as he stood up and undid his shorts. "I've already blown a couple of orgasms tonight; the next one is a ways off."
With Reed's boner sticking straight out, the guy began to have second thoughts, and he hesitantly went down to his knees on a cushion that Sandy had thoughtfully tossed on the deck. Closer now than he had ever been to another man's penis he stared at it for a long few moments.
"You know you want to try it," Sandy encouraged him. "Picture all of the women who've given you blowjobs; do you think they were sucking your cock just foryourenjoyment? Think about the looks on their faces, their slurpy hums as they bobbed on your dick, their hollowed cheeks and the feel of their tongues on the underside of your fat boner as they let you fuck their mouths. No. Pleasing our guys was just a small part of it; sucking cock is as good or better than eating pussy and I should know because I love to do both."
She was right. Hehadobserved the apparent enjoyment with which his various girlfriends and even one-night-stands had sucked his cock. A couple even seemed to prefer it to actual fucking. It had made him curious about sucking cock, but not curious enough to attempt to find a guy to try it with. And he sure as hell wasn't going to ask one of his buddies if he could try sucking their dick!
But trying things that he couldn't do back home was why he had paid the hefty price for a vacation at Fantasy Kay. His fantasies centered more around orgies with numerous women to fuck, and included getting a blowjob from a strange woman in a movie theater, fucking her from behind as she knelt in the chair, and blowing his load all over her face—he had satisfied that fantasy on his first night here. But from some dark corner of his brain that curiosity about cocks surely influenced his decision to write that check, as well. Now, lit up by the inhibition-blinding light of incredible arousal, it was coming forward out of the dark.
"Oh, do it! Please?" Jill said as she slid forward to watch more closely. "I think it is so fucking hot for a guy to suck another guy's hard cock! I wish you were my fiancé and I was watchinghimabout to suck his first boner!"
The enthusiastic encouragement by this nubile young nymph was the last push he needed, and he leaned forward and took Reed's knob into his mouth, closing his lips lightly around its pronounced ridge. Various parts of his brain were still in conflict about taking another guy's dick in his mouth, but the hedonistic, pleasure-centered part was beginning to win out.
It actuallywassomewhat pleasant. Its warmth was probably the first thing he noticed, followed by the fat head's surprising squishiness as he prodded the bulbous surface with his tongue—having little knob of his own it was an added curiosity. The next thing he noticed was the taste. There was s slight muskiness from his dick being tucked—commando—between a pair of legs, but it wasn't overpowering or foul. That taste blended with, and was probably offset somewhat, by the saltiness of the pre-cum that coated the knob. The guy had tasted his own jism and wasn't a big fan of eating cream pies, but this was saltier and less bitter. He wondered if it was just his pre-cum that tasted that way or if different guy's cum would be that different, too.
He flicked the tip of his tongue across Reed's pee-hole as he pulled a bit of suction on his knob and was rewarded with a long ooze of pre-cum and a low, pleasant moan from Reed. Both caused his own hard dick to twitch. He found that he actually liked the taste of the pre-cum, and the fact that he was giving this strange dude pleasure by sucking on his dick-head was a completely unexpected turn-on. He enjoyed getting a woman to moan or cry out, but it would never have occurred to him that he'd get satisfaction—actually arousal!—from getting aguyto moan. With no more than Reed's knob in his mouth, the guy was quickly accepting the idea of being bi.
He leaned in and let his closed lips slide along the rippled and veined length of Reed's stiff shaft as he held his tongue against its underside. His own boner drooled pre-cum as he filled his mouth with his first-ever cock.
He took it to the very back of his mouth but didn't let the head touch his gag spot. He then bobbed back and forth a few times feeling the heat of the blood-inflated boner and the ripples of its taut skin under his lips, and the cleft of his fat knob as it slid over his tongue. He then pulled all the way off and said something to Reed that he would never have guessed he'd utter to a man in a million years. He told him, "Fuck my mouth!"
The guy had one lady friend who always wanted to finish off their sex session with him fucking her mouth and squirting his load of jism for her to swallow. He had assumed that she did it for him; being submissive to fuel his male ego ... which it did. But suddenly he began to wonder about her motivation. Maybe there was more pleasure in being on the receiving end of that mouth-fuck than he could have imagined.
Not needing to be told twice, Reed put his hands on the sides of the guy's head and began to rock his hips. He went slowly at first, respecting the guy's depth-limit on the way in and stretching his tightened lips outward with his thick-ridged cock-head on the retraction, not quite popping his knob all the way out. As he gradually picked up speed his strokes became shorter and his moans of obvious pleasure rumbled from his throat almost nonstop.
The guy could hardly believe what was happening. Not only had he discovered that he liked the feel and taste of a stiff cock in his mouth, amazingly, he found that he especially liked having his mouthfuckedby that cock. He suddenly understood his lady friend's attraction to it.
Bobbing up and down Reed's cock while kneeling in front of him, he had to use his neck, back, and even his thigh muscles and was limited in how fast he could move his head. Getting mouth-fucked, all he had to do was hold still and use his lip, tongue, and cheek muscles so he was able to focus intently on the sensations of the boner sliding faster and faster in and out of his mouth. An added arousing sensation was Reed's moaning, and then when Jill said, "Holy fuck! That is so hot! I wish Jay hadn't gone home so I could watch him gethismouth fucked like that!" the guy's cock oozed another shot of pre-cum that he caught it in his fist and began stroking his own stiff dick as he moaned around the one in his mouth.
Reed had humped his dick between the guy's lips probably a couple dozen times when the guy pulled off of his cock, and said, "Shit, man, I am getting ready to cum from sucking a cock! I can't fucking believe it! Will somebody suck me off? Please? Please?"
"Can I do it?" Jill asked Sandy immediately. "That's slut training, isn't it? Sucking off a stranger while people are watching?"
The guy hadn't noticed, but two other couples and a single woman had walked up from the beach and were standing there watching him on his knees getting his mouth fucked while he pulled on his own drooling boner. Suddenly, being an exhibitionist was added to the growing list of things that surprisingly turned him on.
Sandy looked at the guy, and said, "I'll let her suck you off but only if you then share your cum with her."
"Fuck yes!" the guy said without a second's hesitation. His reluctance to eat his own cream pies had apparently evaporated with just about every other inhibition he had had when he arrived on the island.
He stood up with his glistening boner standing straight out and twitching while Jill went to her knees on a cushion. She lapped and sucked the pre-cum from his cock tip, and then said to Sandy, "Tell me how to do the throat thing. A slut-wife needs to be able to deep-throat a stiff cock, right?"
Sandy moved over to Jill's vacated chair and sat right behind her. "Bob up and down his cock a few times. Run your tongue all over it; feel its shape and size; taste it; get it nice and wet." As she spoke, she slid her fingers into Jill's hair and massaged lightly as she followed the young woman's head back and forth.
"Now, try to relax and not think about the tip of his cock," Sandy went on. "Concentrate on what his boner feels like between your lips and against your tongue; what it tastes like."
"Oh, man!" the guy groaned at Jill's enthusiastic blowjob. He began to rock his hips to add to it, but Sandy reached out and put a hand against his thigh, and told him, "You just stand still; we'll take care of this."
With her fingers entwined in her hair Sandy was now pushing and pulling Jill's head, controlling the blowjob. She leaned down close to Jill's ear, she said, "Now, take a deep breath and then exhale slowly with a littleahhlike at the doctor's office." She did as instructed, but Sandy could feel her tense up in anticipation of what she knew was coming.
Sandy moved one hand and began to gently caress Jill's throat while soothingly massaging the back of her head with the other. "Just relax, sweetheart," she told her softly as she continued to bob her mouth up and down the guy's cock. "And I think you should save this little trick for your wedding night, by the way. You'll give your new hubby such a thrill he won't believe the slut he just married!"
Distracted by the thought of surprising and pleasing Jay in such a slut-like manner did cause Jill to relax, and Sandy said, "Okay, another big breath, anotherahh, and we'll go on a count of three."
She counted "One," and pushed Jill's head forward, half-way down the guy's dick, and then pulled it back. "Two," she said, but this time she caught both of them off guard by not stopping. She shoved Jill's head forward until her nose was pressed into the guy's pubic hair and his pointy-tipped cock was stuffed into her throat.
"Oh, fuck!" the guy groaned and involuntarily rocked his hips to drive his dick as deep down this young slut-in-training's throat as he could get it.
Sandy held Jill impaled on the stiff cock and fingered its bulge in her throat. She whispered in her ear, "There you go, my darling! You're a deep-throat cock-sucking slut-wife-to-be!" She then pulled her back off his cock as quickly as she had shoved her down over it.
Jill's eyes were watering and she blinked as she coughed to clear the phlegm that the cock in her throat had pulled up. She caught her breath and as she stared at the slimy cock twitching in front of her face, she asked Sandy, "How did you do that? I didn't gag at all even when he had my throat stuffed full!"
"Turns out there's no gag reflexinyour throat," Sandy answered, "only at the entrancetoit. The trick is to get past it quickly. Theahhseems to distract your gag reflex somehow. Oh, and get off of it quickly, too. You can gag on the way out if you back off too slowly."
Composed and looking at the guy's glistening boner, Jill was imagining Jay's reaction to taking his stiff cock down her throat on their wedding night. Could she really wait that long—a couple of months—to show him?
"Are you ready to try it again?" Sandy said with her fingers caressing the back of her young pupil's head and her throat.
"I want to do it myself this time," Jill said.
Sandy removed her hand from Jill's head and moved it to her throat. She ran the fingers of both hands up and down and said, "You don't mind if I feel his cock stretching your throat, do you? That is so frigging hot!"
Jill reached around and grabbed the guy's ass, took his cock in her mouth again, then bobbed a few times while she pulled in a big breath through her nose. She then let out herahhand drove her face forward into the guy's belly.
Sandy felt her throat bulge and as she stroked the fat lump with her fingertips, she said, "Oh, you learn fast, don't you? You're going to be such a wonderful slut-wife for your lucky hubby!"
Encouraged by Sandy's words and the caressing of her stretched throat, by the guy's guttural moaning, and by the cheering of the small crowd who had gathered to watch, Jill held herself impaled on the stranger's cock, extended her tongue, and rocked her head.
"Oh, my God!" the guy groaned. "Can I do it, please? Can I fuck her throat?"
Sandy found it interesting—and arousing—that the guy was askingherpermission to fuckJill'sthroat.
Jill pulled back off of the slimy cock, leaving a string of phlegm connecting its tip and her lips, and after a few breaths, she asked Sandy, "Is that okay if he fucks my mouth and my throat?"
Sandy's pussy tingled at how much she was enjoying the domination role. She caressed Jill's hair, and replied, "Yes, my sweet, little slut. You should learn how it feels to be used as a fuck toy." She turned to the guy, and told him, "Don't cum in her throat! I want your load in her mouth so you can share it with her, understood?"
"Yes! Yes! Understood!" he croaked and put his hands on the sides of Jill's head. He pulled her forward sticking his cock back into her mouth. She tightened her lips around it and sucked as she swirled her tongue over and under its pointy tip. She imagined how much better Jay's fat knob was going to feel.
Holding her head still, the guy began to rock his hips, giving her a mouth-fuck. Then, with a thrust of his hips and a pull on her head, he drove his cock down her throat. But he didn't hold her impaled for more than a second before he pulled out to mouth-depth, fucked several times, and then stuffed her throat again. He repeated that, each time with fewer mouth fucks, until he was fucking her throat, full-depth, repeatedly.
"Oh, shit!" he finally groaned. "I am going to cum in your gorgeous, fucking mouth!" He began short, fast fucks between her lips as she held her tongue pressed tightly against the underside of his jabbing dick. Suddenly, he held her head and his hips still, and with his teeth clenched and his eyes screwed shut he let out a deep growl.
Over the course of the last hour he had watched this lovely young ingénue take her clothes off in a restaurant, he had put his dick in her mouth, he had gotten a deep-throat poke from Sandy, a deep-throat blowjob from her hubby, and then—astonishingly—he hadgiventhe hubby a blowjob. He was now being used as a teaching tool so the young slut-in-training could learn to deep-throat a cock herself. His balls had never held so much built-up cum in his life!
His first shot of sperm was thick and long and burned its way out through his urethra like a jet of molten lava. It felt fantastic! It was followed by another thick jet and then a lesser squirt. "Oh, Jesus!" he groaned and then begged Sandy, "Can I jerk it off? My nuts are so full I need to pump it out!"
"You may," she said in her role as dom. "But whatever you put in her mouth, she's going to share intoyourmouth."
Before he arrived on the island and met this trio, the thought of being forced to eat his own splooge out of a woman's just-fucked mouth would have made his pecker wilt, but now he moaned, "Fuck, yes!" and wrapped his fist around the exposed length of his cock. He cradled his balls tightly in his other hand and he began to beat off between his nuts and Jill's lips.
The orgasm that had dwindled under the sole power of his testicles was suddenly revived and squirt after squirt of jism went into Jill's sucking mouth.
With a deep groan, he squeezed the last drop of seed from his dick, pulled it from between Jill's lips, grabbed her by the sides of her head, and lifted her to her feet. He covered her closed lips with his own, pushed his tongue out to part them, and began to suck the hot, thick jism that she had collected.Sharingwould not have been a good word for what he was doing because he was sucking and swallowing more of his own cum than he was letting her keep.
When he finally realized that there was no more sperm to be sucked from her mouth, he broke their long kiss, staggered toward a chair, and moaned, "Ho-ly, shit!" as he flopped down.
The guy and Jill were rewarded with a round of applause and cheers from the spectators who now numbered almost a dozen.
Sandy stood up and Reed followed her lead. Sandy took Jill's hand, and said to the group, "Thank you all for cumming ... whether you did just now or if you will later on. We're going inside and recuperate for a little while. We'll leave the blinds open, but it may be a while before the next show."
Sandy, Reed, and Jill went inside and the crowd dispersed except for one oldish couple. They walked up to the guy—sprawled on the chair still catching his breath—and the woman said, "I'm Mary and this is my husband, Tom. That was quite a show you put on! We got here when you were giving that other guy a blowjob. That was hot!"
"Yeah!" Tom agreed, apparently a man of few words.
"Well, thank you," the guy said. "I'm Jack." He reached up to shake their hands and was about to explain that that was his first time sucking a cock, but Mary continued before him.
"So, um, we're here to try new things after thirty-odd years of marriage," she said, "and one of the things I really want to see while we're here is Tom sucking on a stiff cock! Actually, beingmadeto suck a stiff cock. Just that thought makes my pussy wet! So, would you be interested in having a three-way with us to help us explore my cuckold fantasy?"
Jack's balls actually ached from the forceful draining he'd just given them, but he figured that by the time they got to their place, maybe chatted for a while, and engaged in some foreplay he could probably be recovered enough for another round. He sure as hell wasn't going to pass up the opportunity without giving it a try!

***

After an intimate three-way shower, Sandy, Reed, and Jill dried each other off in the main room of the bungalow. While running her fingers through her wet hair, Sandy kissed Jill and then pulled her naked body into an embrace with her own.
"You did wonderfully out there!" she told her. "Giving a complete stranger a public blowjob; taking his hard cock down your throat on the first try; and then letting him fuck your mouth until he filled it with his cum. I'm proud of you and I'm sure that Jay is going to bethrilledat what you've learned." She slid her hands down onto Jill's small-but-round ass, and as she gently massaged the little globes, she went on, "I think it's time to find out what you can do with a pussy." From their conversation in the restaurant, Sandy knew that Jill had never eaten a pussy and she was excited to be her first.
"Oh, my God, yes! Please!" Jill responded. "I love it when Jay eats me and he seems to like doing it so much that I always wonder what it must be like."
"Are you willing to do it just as I tell you?" Sandy said, thoroughly enjoying the mentoring dom role.
"You sure didn't steer me wrong with that guy's dick!" Jill replied. "Yes! Teach me to eat pussy the way you taught me to suck cock!"
Please take a moment to vote and to leave a comment!
You can also send me a personal note, directly to my Literotica email, by clicking the "Send Feedback" tab below. I'd love to hear from you!
Thank you!
Love,
Casey