I hope that you enjoy this third chapter of "How it began". I have enjoyed writing about the adventures of this character and reading all of your comments. The story picks up immediately after being caught naked in the middle of the road.
-----------------------------------
The sun shone in a strange window.
A pleasant breeze fluttered through the bright room.
The flannel sheets felt so warm on her body and the warm body nestled tight against her felt so wonderful.
Where was she?
She thought back, remembering the naughty drive last night, the bustier and the G-string, the peeing in the parkette, and the fun with the English cucumber. That was followed by the excitement of walking naked under the moon and stars; the pleasure of having an orgasm in the middle of the road, a very public place; she thought she was alone, and then hearing, those four soft words, "That was so hot."
She remembered the momentary panic followed by the realization the soft voice was a woman; then the kiss they shared without any words under the pale moon.
She felt the memory of the sensual warm lips on her lips, the feel of the woman's hands on her hips as they came together in a first embrace, the excitement in her body manifesting itself in her nipples becoming almost painfully hard, the wetness and warmth radiating from between her legs, and the desire to kiss this stranger all night long.
Until that exact moment, she had never in her life ever considered kissing another woman passionately, but, with that woman in her arms, she knew that was all she wanted.
They must have stood in the middle of the road kissing for what seemed like hours, their lips and tongues dancing together, her new friend's small hands exploring all of her nakedness, and finding her most sensitive places, taking her breath away.
Her own hands caressed her willing partner, who was wearing a soft hoodie, loose shorts, a baseball cap with a pony tail, and sneakers.
Her hands moved under the hoodie finding smallish breasts and hard nipples, then plunging down into those shorts and feeling the softness of her panties and moving under the elastic into the wetness of her little bush before finding the warmth of her pussy and her sensitive little clit.
"OMG, I'm coming, her new friend whimpered as her body was gripped by an intense orgasm, her pussy and thighs clenched around her hand as her new friend exploded with pleasure.
Catching her breath, she managed to gasp, "I'm Lisa, that was so hot!"
She noticed that even through her partner's orgasm, Lisa had managed to keep own her fingers deep inside her pussy and they were bringing her close to her own orgasm.
"Rachel," was all she could whisper as Lisa's fingers worked their magic, like only a woman experienced in masturbating herself, would know how to do.
"Rachel, would you like to come home with me?" whispered Lisa.
Lisa, the mother of two teenage girls, president of the local soccer league, part-time graphic artist, and wife of 17 years to a grocery store manager; this same Lisa, whose only previous experience with wild sex was her husband letting her be on top.
Rachel broke the pause and said quietly, "Lisa, there is nothing else in the world I would rather do, I would love to go home with you!"
Lisa reached over, took her hand, kissed her again and ran her wet fingers up the puffy red lips of Rachel's pussy and then tasted them; leading Rachel away into the darkness.
Lisa's cottage was only a short distance and as they walked up the quiet driveway, she told Rachel that she had just come up a few hours ago, to open the cottage because her family was all busy and was out for a walk because she loved walking under the moon and stars.
Lisa told Rachel as they approached the cottage, "I had gone for a little walk, just to unwind from the drive and then finding you fingering your pussy and ass in the middle of the road, I was spellbound by your passion and more than a little turned on."
When Lisa opened the door, the lights she had left on revealed her to Rachel.
In her late 30's, pretty in a "soccer mom" kind of way, no makeup and prettier because of its absence, and a body kept toned by yoga and walking.
At that moment though, Lisa, didn't care about anything other than being in Rachel's arms. She felt such a strong urge to be with this woman, that she led her, hand in hand straight into the bedroom without staying another word.
Pausing only to strip off her clothes, Lisa kissed Rachel like she hadn't had passionate sex for years, which was actually quite true, and they fell into bed together.
They were a little awkward, neither had been with anyone for a long time, except for the most basic of missionary positions; but it didn't take very long for them to start moving as if they had been lovers for years.
All of Rachel's barely restrained passion that she had only started to explore in the past few weeks, that had only been partial revealed in her naked adventures, found a full outlet and exploded completely with Lisa.
Lisa felt like she was in bed with a wild animal, Rachael's fingernails left long scratch marks on her skin from the passion and energy, she had never had another woman go down on her before and the deftness of Rachel's touch with her hands, fingers, and mouth had her screaming in pleasure.
When they rubbed their titties together and Rachel's shaved pussy ground into hers, it seemed like she had one continuous orgasm until finally they both collapsed into each other's arm.
Arms and legs intertwined, with the atmosphere in the room soaked in the sweet smell of female sex, orgasm's and sweat; they fell asleep together.
The breeze made her re-focus, Lisa was tucked tight against her body and she thought to herself.
"After all this time, this is what sex should always be like!"
She found she felt less and less like the Rachel of even just three weeks ago, it was if a new woman was taking her place ... and she liked this new sexual version of herself much more than the old staid one.
Lying naked with a woman she just met, Rachel was realizing the different things that turned her on and knew she had only barely scratched the surface of the passion that was within her.
Rolling onto her side, she ducked under the sheets and found Lisa's soft nipples and began suckling them while her fingers caressed Lisa's warm pussy.
Lisa slowly woke up, her nipples hardening as a result of Rachel's sucking and touching; and moaned softly, "don't stop, that feel so wonderful."
Lisa opened her eyes and said, "I guess that wasn't the best dream I ever had in my life, it really happened!"
"Yes, it was real," Rachel whispered into her ear after she release her nipples and lay beside her, keeping one hand slowly caressing her pussy and the other moving over her nice ass as her fingers traced the space between her cheeks.
Lisa said, "I have never had sex like that before, the intensity and pleasure makes everything that I thought was sex feel like it was nothing," then she paused for a moment, "and I have to tell you too, that I've never been with a woman before."
"Lisa, neither have I, you were incredible and you were the perfect person to meet at the perfect time, the way you made me feel, makes me want to feel like that all the time."
Then she added. "Lisa, believe it or not, I can't remember the last time I had sex with anyone."
Lisa pulled herself up on her elbow and asked, "Okay, tell me why a woman who can make love like that, who can walk outside at night and masturbate under the stars in the middle of the road, doesn't have sex like that every night?"
She took a deep breath and laid on her back and told Lisa, about everything.
Everything about the way her life had become so routine; the kids; the lack of time for her; her husband's lack of interest in her; the awakening a few weeks ago with that drive home; the picnic table; the sexual releases that she found so invigorating; the drive up here last night; wearing the lingerie and peeing in the parkette, and the accidental, but oh so wonderful meeting with her last night.
"OMG, that is so incredible, I wish I was as brave and free with my body as you are."
"You were pretty brave last night, kissing a total stranger on a dark country road and then bringing them home and fucking their brains out," Rachel smiled.
"I don't know why I did that, you just made me want to. I am just glad that I did," Lisa looked at her and smiled, "Wow, lets have a shower together and then see about some breakfast before I fuck your brains out again, and you can fuck mine out."
Climbing out of bed, they walked naked holding hands to the bathroom and Lisa turned on the water and they climbed into the shower together.
The shower space was very small and obviously not designed for two people, not even two small women. Kissing each other, Lisa said, almost embarrassedly, "I should have peed before we got in here."
"Come on, you've never peed in the shower before?"
"Not with company," she laughed.
Rachel said, "So, I don't mind."
"Well, I will if you will," Lisa said quietly.
They both laughed, then after about 10 seconds of silence, Lisa said, "okay, lets do it together."
Rachel starting rubbing Lisa's nipples again to get her to relax and then Lisa felt a small trickle escape and then more pee started, spraying Rachel.
Rachel, felt Lisa's mouth on hers and she began peeing as well; on Lisa's pussy and legs.
They both embraced and felt each other's warm pee run down their legs. Instead of being embarrassed, Lisa actually held her hand to catch some of Rachel's pee and Rachel did the same but with her hand and fingers rubbing her pussy through the stream.
She said to Lisa, "That was so hot."
Soon their bladders were empty and Lisa started to wash her with a face cloth, she did her shoulders, moved to her breasts and cupped each for a moment in her small hands, and rubbed the cloth on her tummy. Kneeling as much as possible she kissed Rachel's pussy and she it tasted a little salty from a tiny bit of pee, instead of spiting it out, she licked her wanting more, running the soap and facecloth between her legs, she made Rachel's knees weak.
Rachel returned the favour and she washed Lisa, she took her time and washed all of her secret places, and they washed the others hair together.
Towelling off, Lisa gave Rachel her tooth brush and they even shared that.
Lisa asked, "What would you like for breakfast?"
Rachel smiled and took her hand and said, "You! we can have food later."
They retreated to the bedroom and she devoured Lisa's sweet pussy, tracing her folds with her tongue, lips, and fingers. Lisa could not believe the powerful waves of pleasure that Rachel was able to make possible for her.
Never before had she been vocal during sex and never had she used so much explicit language, but now, she was begging Rachel to make her cum, to eat her pussy, to put her fingers deep inside her, to fuck her cunt, and to slap her ass; over and over again.
All of which, Rachel did.
They did finally did stop for some breakfast and to rest more than an hour later, Lisa made pancakes and they sat across from each other enjoying the breakfast and coffee, both still naked.
Lisa told Rachel about her background and although younger, they were remarkably similar, Lisa's two daughters were both still living at home and were in their last years of high school. But, like Rachel, she had lost that sense of excitement that comes from feeling like a desirable woman and longed to have that feeling back, as much as Rachel did.
Finding it now and finding it together, neither wanted to go back to the constraints of their normal lives.
Lisa got up to get some juice; as Rachel watched her ass, an idea came to her and she quickly she got up and knelt behind Lisa.
Running her tongue between her cheeks, Lisa jumped a little and then pushed her ass back towards Rachel's face.
She moaned in pleasure, "Kiss my ass, Rachel, run your tongue from my pussy to my ass," as her voice disintegrated into a long moan and a series of whimpers.
Rachel's tongue did indeed lick from the bottom of Lisa's pussy, across the very sensitive middle ground, and up to her tight little asshole. Holding her cheeks apart, Rachel's tongue slowly circled Lisa's rosebud.
Never in her wildest sex experience had Lisa ever had anyone rim her, though, she had wondered what it might feel like, but like so many of her fantasies, she figured she would never get a chance to find out; but, now she knew and it felt even better than she had dreamed.
"OMG!!," as Rachel's tongue penetrated her ass, Lisa experienced another orgasm.
"That's so dirty, so naughty, and so awesome, Rachel!"
Holding herself self up to keep from falling over, Lisa asked, "How long have you wanted to do that?"
"That's the first time I have ever done that, but I had always wanted my husband to do that to me." He would never do something like that, "But, I remember imagining what I wanted him to do, and then did it for you", sighing she said. "he didn't even like doing oral sex on me and he hated that I shaved my pussy."
"Well, for a virgin ass licker, you are pretty incredible, and I loved what you did to me." Lisa said as she took hold of Rachel and kissed her deeply. "Before the end of the weekend, I will do the same thing to you."
"By the way, I love your shaved pussy, and I want you to shave mine, it just looks and feels so sexy, Rachel."
"Sure, I would like to spend as much time with you as I can," Rachel said, making Lisa's heart beat just a little faster.
Lisa thought she would push her luck just a little more, "Rachel, how to you feel about staying with me all weekend and to it without any clothes on?" she was afraid that that she might say no and she held her breath.
Rachel smiled and thought about it, "I want to be with you too and I love being naked around you, and I will do whatever you want, no matter what it is."
"Wow, I'm getting wetter just thinking about you being naked and having you at my bidding makes me dizzy. I'm am so glad I found you last night," Lisa said almost breathlessly.
"Lisa, you have no idea how special you are to me."
"Can I take pictures of you?" Lisa added, blurting out one of her deepest fantasies and knowing that it might have sounded awkward.
"Lisa, I am in your wonderful hands, I will do or try anything that you would like," Rachel said with a devilish smile and a confidence that made her own knees weak.
"Really, I barely know you Rachel."
"Lisa, you and I are very similar, we have just experienced a taste of what being a sexual and sensual woman feels like after an eternity of having that feeling stifled, yes, for this weekend I am yours to command and I am your sex toy, and I hope you will be mine."
Lisa knew the answer before her mouth could respond, "YES!" Her original solitary plans for the weekend were now the farthest thing from her mind. All she knew is that she didn't want to waste a single moment of this sexy woman's time with her, and who knows where it would take them.
Lisa thought about the feelings swirling around inside her, certainly lust, but more than that, Rachel was right about the sensuality and sexiness that she had almost forgotten she was capable of. It was interesting too, she thought, she felt zero guilt for what she was doing.
All those feelings took only a split second, the next thing she knew she was kissing Rachel, both her legs wrapped around Rachel's waist and their boobs crushed up against each other and their pussies pushed as tight together as was humanly possible.
For more than another hour they fucked and made love to each other, it seemed like they went from room to room enjoying the feel and the taste of each other. On the floor, in the doorways, against the fridge, in the living room, and finally back in the bedroom, where they collapsed again.
They napped for about a half an hour and awoke at the same time with arms around each other with Rachel's head nestled on top of her boobs.
"Rachel, this has been the most amazing day I can ever remember," Lisa smiled as she kissed her lover again.
"I feel the same way Lisa," and they lay together quietly just holding each other, just enjoying the moment and the feel of each other in their arms, nothing else mattered.
Finally, they decided to have another shower together, and Lisa asked Rachel to shave her.
"Would you?"
"I think that would be so sexy, Lisa, I would love to shave your sweet little pussy."
Rachel noticed that Lisa was trembling as she got to work.
Rachel took a pair of scissors and began trimming Lisa's bush, something that she had all of her adult life.
She had considered shaving it many times, but when she asked her husband what he thought, he was like Rachel's and didn't understand the reason for asking. Then Rachel took some shaving crème and covered her pussy and rubbed more on the space between her pussy and her ass.
Kneeling in front of her, Lisa could feel Rachel's hot breath on the sensitive skin of her vagina. Carefully Rachel removed all of the hair and stubble. Rachel paused and put her tongue, lips, and mouth onto her clit and the folds around it, Lisa's eyes rolled back in her head.
Lisa loved the feel of her smooth pussy and Rachel licked and sucked her to another orgasm.
After Lisa recovered, both women fixed their hair and helped each other with a little makeup. Each could feel the excitement of the other and the scent of sex in the air was intoxicating.
Lisa put on a flannel shirt without a bra, and a pair of sexy denim shorts she hadn't worn in years with no panties, the cleft of her pussy sharply defined in the crotch of her shorts and her ass looked very curvaceous in the tight denim. Her hair in a pony with her ball cap, she looked nothing like the mother who had driven here less than 24 hours ago.
Rachel's hair was down and slightly tousled, accurately displaying that "just fucked look" that she wanted. Even without a dash of makeup, she could have easily been 20 years younger than she was. Her perky breasts with their hard nipples pointing straight ahead, her flat tummy and curved ass made Lisa to want to fuck her again.
Her only clothes were the sneakers she had on last night.
"If this is what being a lesbian feels like, sign me up for life," Rachel said to Lisa.
Lisa felt the same way, in all of her life, she had never felt as sexually alive as she did at this moment.
"I couldn't agree more Rachel, I wish I had met you a long time ago."
They decided to take a little break and have some lunch, other than each other.
Rachel insisted upon helping Lisa get her cottage "opened up". They both worked very hard and started on all of the small things that need to be done to get a cottage ready for use.
Despite working hard, they stopped multiple times for kissing and "feeling up" the other, the crotch in Lisa's shorts was soaking wet with her juices and Rachel's butt had several red imprints of Lisa's hand print, where she had at first slapped her and then had spanked many times, much to Rachel's pleasure.
With the two of them working together, it only took them until supper to finish, despite all of the breaks.
Lisa looked at Rachel's butt and said, "you're going to have some bruises, I'm sorry I spanked you so hard."
"Don't worry about, it felt so good, I just about had an orgasm from it," Rachel looked at her and smiled. Lisa could tell, Rachel had a question on her mind and wordlessly Lisa picked up on the thought.
"Okay, but if you have more bruises, don't come crying to me," Lisa said sitting down at her big accent chair.
Rachel came to her and laid across her lap, with her red butt front and center, saying to Lisa, "I'm ready."
"Slap," the sound echoed in the cottage, again and again, Lisa spanked Rachel.
Getting into it more herself, Lisa said, "You have been such a naughty girl, such a wanton slut, being naked, peeing on me, turning me into a slut too," Lisa continued, each sentence making Rachel wetter and closer to yet another orgasm.
"OOOOOOOOOhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, mmmmmmmmmyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy, GGGGGGGGooooooooDDDDD!" Rachel screamed as she came hard on Lisa's lap, her body arched and clenched, and she came all over Lisa.
Lisa, just smiled and caressed Rachel's ass as she lay on her lap, "That was something else."
Lisa said that they should go to Rachel's place and do those "opening chores" as well. Rachel said that they should walk over. But they decided to have some supper first. Lisa made some hamburgers for them and they talked while she barbequed, both thought she should do it instead of Rachel.
When supper was finished, Lisa offered to drive the short distance, but Rachel wanted to walk.
"You can't walk over there naked, what if someone sees you?" even after everything they had done, Lisa was still surprised by Rachel's willingness to be nude all the time.
"I want you to be naked too," Rachel said looking at Lisa and Lisa's jaw dropped, but Rachel closed her mouth with one hand, kissed her on the lips and felt her pussy with the other hand.
Rachel could see Lisa's nervousness, and said, "Don't worry, there are lots of places to hide and there aren't many people up here this weekend."
Rachel just stood in front of Lisa and looked her straight in her eyes and without breaking her gaze, started to unbutton her shirt, with each button she just kept looking at her.
As each button was undone, Lisa's willingness to try it increased, despite the risk. Even Rachel was a tiny bit nervous, her public nudity had primarily been at night time, this would be her first time in the daylight, even though the sun was starting to set.
Sliding the shirt from her shoulders, Rachel undid Lisa's shorts and bent down and pulled the tight material down her legs, she paused at her newly shaved pussy and ran her tongue and fingers along the smooth skin.
"OMG, Rachel, this is sooo bad and it is making me sooo wet," and then she paused for a few seconds,
"I feel so good, let's do it."
Wearing only shoes, they set out. Lisa took Rachel's hand and they came to the last tree at the end of the driveway before coming to the road. Rachel peered out and listened, no voices, no sounds of cars, just the warm setting sun and the sounds of birds.
They walked along the shoulder of the road for most of the way, very close to the trees. Lisa's hand was trembling, but her nipples were rock hard and Rachel could see the sun glistening off her wet pussy. Lisa put her arm around Rachel's nice ass and stopped and kissed her for a moment. Rachel could feel Lisa's heart was beating hard.
"Lisa, you are so sexy and so beautiful naked, I want to eat you up right here," Rachel whispered.
The moment was broken by the sound of a car on gravel.
"Car!!," Lisa shouted and gripped Rachel's hand hard.
"Come with me," and Rachel tugged Lisa towards the trees and they both stood behind an old maple tree. Hiding from view, Rachel pulled Lisa against her, their legs scissored around each other and their pussies grinding. smooth skin against smooth skin.
Lisa kissed her hard, her heart beating quickly again, but not because of the car, but because of the way she felt about this woman she barely knew. The connection between them had surprised them both and Rachel let Lisa be the aggressor and felt herself relax in Lisa's arms.
They kissed and caressed each other long after the car had zoomed by, leaning against the ancient maple, two women lost in the passion that they felt towards one another. For them, time had stopped.
When they finally emerged from the trees as the sky was a blaze of oranges and reds, they realized they only had a few hundred feet to go and they walked the remaining distance with each others arms around their waists.
It took no time to walk the distance from the road to the cottage, opening the door she had left unlocked last night, Rachel led Lisa inside.
Lisa immediately noticed the bustier and the G-string panties Rachel had dropped on the floor almost 24 hours before. Lifting the panties to her face, she could feel they were still damp and she brought them to her nose and inhaled the sweet scent of her lover deeply.
Despite them both wanting to indulge themselves, Lisa said they needed to get the cottage finished.
Working quickly because of the setting sun, it took even less time to finish getting Rachel's cottage opened up than Lisa's, but it was still dark when they were done.
"When you said you would do anything I asked, did you really mean it? Lisa asked quietly.
"Of course, what would you like to do?" asked Rachel in the sexiest voice she could manage.
"I would like to take some pictures of you, okay?"
"Tell me what how you would like me?"
Lisa took pictures of Rachel sitting in a comfy accent chair with her legs together, then slightly more open, then with her fingers rubbing her pussy. Moving to the kitchen, she had Rachel lay on the table with her pussy on full display and then she set the timer and took a video of her eating Rachel's sweet little cunt.
Using the timer again, they re-played the spanking from earlier, this time though with Lisa massaging Rachel's little asshole after spanking her.
She then had Rachel pretend to look like a criminal being searched and told her to "assume the position", with her hands on the counter and her legs spread apart. Now it was Lisa's turn to kneel behind Rachel.
Using her tongue, she kissed and bit Rachel's ass. Careful around the growing number of bruises from the spankings, she kissed and sucked on every square inch of Rachel's tight ass. Running her fingers back and forth up the space between her cheeks, Rachel's knees started to buckle with the pleasure Lisa was giving her.
Rachel's own fingers were deep in her cunt and Lisa was fingering herself while she used her tongue to rim Rachel's ass. Rachel had waited so long to experience this feeling and it was so intense she couldn't believe it was actually happening.
"Lisa, I love how that feels, I love your tongue, I love your beautiful little body,"
As she said that, her body shuttered in a fierce orgasm that had her drop to her knees.
In a day that had been filled with sex and exploration of each other, they both realized how incredibly tired they were.
Rachel built a fire in the stone fireplace and took a cozy comforter from the closet and they curled up together in front of the fireplace on the couch. Lisa had brought them each of glass of red wine that they drank as they held each other in front of the dancing flames.
Tiredness over took them and under the blanket, they feel into a deep sleep.
The morning came late to them, Rachel waking first.
Easing up without disturbing Lisa, she saw Lisa's shirt on the floor and slid it onto her shoulders because of the cool morning air, not bothering to do up the buttons.
After a quick stop to brush her teeth and freshen up, she went to the kitchen to make some coffee and breakfast for them both.
She reflected on the last day and half and shivered at the emotions and passion that she felt towards the woman asleep in the next room.
The scent of coffee and toast, brought Lisa into the kitchen, she was wearing only the comforter wrapped around her body and she smiled and said in a cheerful voice, "Good morning Rachel."
"Good morning lover, breakfast is ready."
Their lips met and Lisa caressed Rachel's ass while they kissed and let her hands roam up the opening into her shirt as well.
Rachel lead them out onto the deck and under the rapidly warming sun they ate breakfast, both were incredibly hungry. Their feet played and massaged each other under the table, their toes moving up and down their long legs and then up to and in between their legs; in the silence of the early morning.
Breakfast finished, Rachel said, "Come on, lets go swimming."
Rachel took the shirt off and left it on the deck, Lisa let the comforter fall off her shoulders revealing her nakedness to the sun and Rachel.
Rachel led the way and Lisa laughed when she saw Rachel's ass, "My hand prints are bruised onto your butt."
"I'll get you to kiss it better, after we go swimming Lisa."
They approached the end of the dock; the water was like a sheet of glass. Rachel dove in, her athletic body cutting into the water and she disappeared under the surface. Lisa followed, cutting the water seconds after Rachel.
The silence of the lake was broken by them both surfacing and saying, "Holy shit, that's fucking cold."
They both laughed as they treaded water.
"I think the right term is refreshing," Rachel said.
"Fucking cold, works better," Lisa laughed
They swam for about ten minutes in the clear lake, their naked bodies dripping with water as they got out.
Shivering on the dock, Rachel took Lisa into her arms and their lips met. Standing together, Lisa, arranged her nipples and rubbed them against Rachel's, between the cold water and the excitement she felt she couldn't remember seeing them any bigger than they were at that moment.
Rachel pulled her down on the dock beside her and they caressed each other as if it was the very first time. Making love under the rising sun, exposed to anyone who happened to be on the lake, made them both feel brazen.
The kissing, the licking, the biting, the pleasure had them both coming before long.
When they lay back, enjoying the feeling of just having had great sex, Lisa said "I wish we could stay like this forever, I can't remember wanting to be with anyone as much I wan to be with you."
Rachel smiled and said, "I know, Friday seems like a million years ago."
"What do we do next," Lisa asked, her heart pounding a little in fear of Rachel's answer.
Rachel took Lisa's hand and squeezed if, the sitting up she leaned over and kissed Lisa more passionately than she had kissed her all weekend.
"Lisa, all that is happening is the just the end of how it began, you and me are just starting."
Lisa's heart relaxed, that is exactly what she wanted to hear.
Rachel added, "Let's go back to bed for a little while and make love again, and then we will make plans for our next step."
Lisa stood up and looked down at her beautiful lover and then helped her to her feet and as they headed back to bed, she said, "That is so hot."