Can be read as a standalone or a continuation from parts 1 and 2 in my subissions...
The day of the body painting competition arrived. I had always planned to pull out and not go ahead with it. In the last competition I was compelled to participate and I was sort of caught in the motion, but there was not a chance I would actually plan to be in such a competition, parading almost nude in public!
My friend Kate didn't listen to me when I refused to be involved and just went ahead and booked my air ticket to Perth regardless. I had meant to call her and tell her straight out that if she doesn't cancel the ticket her beauty school would just lose its money, as I was not coming. I kept on putting it off until two days before when I finally made the call.
"Hi, Kate, its Rach here, I hope you found someone else to be part of your body painting team as I am not going to use the ticket you sent me. I have thought about this and I cannot do it again." I was adamant.
Kate replied sounding quite unhappy "Rach, we are counting on you! You cannot let us down now. You know that our team can only go ahead in the nationals if you are part of the team. It's the rules of the competition. What is worrying you?"
"I don't know – nerves. I feel this nagging feeling in my stomach when I think about this. I think I am just too shy for this type of thing. You know me. I am really old fashioned and conservative. I never dress like you do or flirt the way you do with guys. I never even go topless at the beach, and here I have to parade topless and in those g-strings." I replied to Kate's persistent nagging.
"Look Rachel, the ticket is paid for. Just arrive on Saturday morning. I will fetch you from the airport at 11AM. Please don't let me down. If we win you can have my prize too and I will have some wine ready to get you tipsy and take away any nerves or shyness before the competition. Ok! And bring the thong from the last competition. We are using them again" Kate assertively ended the call.
My sense of duty plagued me as I thought to and fro for ways out.
I packed my bags, threw on a pair of jeans and a top and went to the airport.
The plane arrived at midday - 2 hours late and I was scheduled to be painted at 2pm. Kate fetched me from the airport with her boyfriend Steve and the other member of the team Linda.
They were anxious about running late so we raced to the competition venue. We arrived at this field which had a stage with lighting set up at the far end of the field and a few white tents besides the stage.
"Isn't this competition supposed to be at a proper venue?" I asked them.
"It changed as the planned venue couldn't accommodate two thousand people" Steve answered.
We entered the tent and this bid red headed lady, named Sharon, organising the art schedule approached us. "You are all so late! There will have to be a change of plan. Rachel, Linda and you were going to paint each other, and Steve and Kate were going to paint each other, but the only ones ready to go now are Kate and Linda so Rachel you are going to have to go with Steve. I hope you don't mind! We have no other option, as we won't be ready if I don't start Linda and Kate immediately and Steve first needs to see the beautician and get waxed.
"Steve you must go straight away to Felicity the beautician in tent 2, and Kate, Linda you two go get started with the body painting in tent 1. Rachel, sorry you will have to wait for Steve, but you should go and get ready in the meanwhile", Sharon shouted.
I went with Kate and Linda and I watched them as they started painting. Kate was getting painted first by Linda. She took her shirt and pants off and stood on a stand by the airbrush gun and paints. Kate had such tiny boobs, I thought to myself.
"You recognise the thong from last time" Kate asked me, as I looked at her tanned butt contrasting with the white triangle piece connected with a thin strip to the front piece.
Shit! I just remembered the instruction to pack mine. I opened my overnight bag, hoping I would find it. It was not there. Shit!
"Kate, I think I forgot mine back in Sydney" I rambled away in a panic.
"Go and tell Sharon, and see if she has a spare" Kate recommended.
Anxiously I went to the main organiser's tent to find Sharon.
" What size are you?" Sharon asked me.
"I am a size 12" I replied.
Sharon responded "I can't promise what I will find as everyone is using the original piece from the first competition, but let me see. I will come find you by Kate and Linda.
Sharon went away to some of the other tents where our competing teams where located and I returned to watch Linda painting a devil in red across Linda's back and butt.
Kate was joking around with me and said "Rachel, you will be painting Steve. No funny business ok!".
Kate loved to tease people.
Sharon entered the tent holding a plastic bag. "Rachel, you are one lucky lady, this is the only pair that is spare, you will have to make it fit", Sharon said, handing me the bag.
I tore the plastic open and took out a white g-string. It looked totally different to the one I had before and the ones Kate and Linda were wearing. It was a small – size 8, 2 sizes smaller than my size and it had no triangular back. It only had 2 thin strings literally that connected via a ring to a third string. The piece that went across the butt was a thin string. The front piece was much skimpier than the others and was very high cut, like a V, rather than the flatter bikini front the others had.
"Let me see that" Linda asked.
I handed it to her. I was in for another shock, and the butterflies were now all over my stomach.
"This is called a T-string" Linda said, and continued "you better try it on as it so high cut you may need to get a trim, if you know what I mean".
I took my jeans off and I took my blue thong panties off and put the T-string on quickly. It felt like there was nothing there, as there really was nothing over my butt and the front was skimpy and small. I had specially shaved my pubic hair into a neat triangle before leaving for Perth, but the t-string was much higher cut and exposed the trimmed pubic hair on the sides of the triangle I had left behind.
Kate and Linda almost simultaneously said "Shit there is not much material there, you better go to the beautician and get waxed a bit more"
I pulled my jeans back over the skimpy t-string and went across to the beautician's tent.
Steve had just finished being waxed. I explained why I was there and the beautician told me to lie down on her table in the t-string.
I was a bit afraid of stripping in front of Steve. I knew it was stupid, as we were about to paint each other while half nude.
Steve had just put his white gown on.
"Rachel, we have been given tent 5. I will go wait there for you to come over. We can throw a coin for who paints first." Steve said as he left the tent. "Well, are you ready or not? I don't have all day you know" the beautician questioned me.
I quickly pulled my jeans off and lay on the massage table.
She took some hot wax but before putting it on me she mumbled something to me. I thought she said, "be resilient" and I answered "I need to be".
She pulled the t-string down off my hips and she waxed me. I felt this intense pain I nearly screamed. When I looked up I had no pubic hair left. She had taken off all my hair. I was bald. My vulva and clitoris stood out. It looked so strange and exposed.
She looked at my expression and asked, " you did want a Brazilian. You said so"
I realised what had happened. She handed me some cream and told me to cover myself with it so I don't get sensitive and sore and she left me alone in the tent. I rubbed a whole lot of this cream over my mound and down along the sides of my pubes. They were raw from the heat of the wax. I felt how smooth it felt. I had not been like this since I was a teenager. I applied the cream and some of the burning sensation went away.
The beautician left the tent. I quickly stood up and took the opportunity of being alone to look at myself in the mirror and see what I looked like. The thin skimpy white material was skin tight against my body and with no pubic hair the lycra material pulled right into my vulva shaping out my two halves and sticking in up the middle. I turned around. My ass pretty much looked naked. The strings were so thin you couldn't see them. I wanted to quickly glance over and see what I look liked with no hair. I pulled the strings aside and exposed my pussy. It was amazing, so pink and my clit stuck out so much. I was aching to touch it, just quickly, and feel some relief from the mounting tension building up inside my core. I had no time. I quickly put on my gown and went across to tent 5 to find Steve.
"Ok. Are you heads or tails- loser gets painted first?" Steve asked me to choose.
I chose tails and it was heads, so I had to get painted first.
I took off my robe and stood on the platform in my bra and the t-string.
The professional artist would guide Steve through the painting.
"Lie down facing frontwards, and take that bra off, we can't paint over it" the artist commanded me.
I unclipped the bra and put it down and feeling shy and awkward I quickly lay on the table.
For the next 30 minutes I felt the cold paint all over back and butt. I just lay there thinking of last date that I had, while the paint was applied in big amounts to cover skin. I was then told to turn over.
This was the first time I was openly exposed to the artists seeing them moving with the paintbrushes around me. Steve painted my legs and arms and then the artist painted my breasts and stomach. I was aware that most the girls had no more than size breasts and here I was with voluptuous breasts.
In a crazy way my mind started racing. It felt quite sensual being painted over my large size C breasts. I knew that the guys were staring at their size. Maybe I was just being overly self-conscious.
With each stroke of the brush against my nipple my hand involuntarily jumped. My hips were shifting trying to open my legs wider. I realised this was happening and I went rigid and held my hips back from moving.
Being painted on ones breasts like a canvas is amazingly erotic. I can't explain why but it is. If alone, my fingers would have find their way to my swollen clitoris to stroke it softly up and down its hood curling the flesh into little circles until the nerve endings were sore with pleasure. Then I would with my other hand insert a finger into the depths of my wet hot opening, and move it in and out pushing them into my innards until it was rubbing against my g-spot. My hands would be working in unison, one ramping up the waves of excitement from within and the other rubbing furiously away at my swollen clitoris until it was tightly tense and ready to explode. My mind would drift and I would dream of a big cock ramming into me, fucking me hard and fast. I would feel each time this cock ploughed into me and I would feel the tight, big balls knocking against my butt crack, getting soaked in my dripping juices flowing down from my cunt. I closed my eyes as I was turned on and I knew my eyes would give it away.
I was feeling quite frustrated from getting turned on so much and just letting the feeling fester untreated. It felt like I had this hot, steamy well bubbling inside my pussy and it wanted to explode but couldn't. My mind was starting to think stranger things and I got lost in my fantasy again but this time I don't know why but I was imagining that this guy holding my butt cheeks with my legs wrapped around their back and hips while we fucked like crazy was Steve.
"Rachel, stop thinking this. Its not good, not now" I said to myself.
I opened my eyes to try and stop my thoughts; Steve was painting my stomach. He had his gown on, but as he leaned over me it opened up and I could see his thong tightly pressed against his cock, It pressed against the material. I should not be looking. What is wrong with me? I needed to pause and get some air.
I was just about to have my front skimpy white triangle and hips covered with black paint when the artist took over from Steve and in a few big stroked spilt paint all over me and and told me that It would have to dry before doing the detailed artwork. Steve would go next while we waited.
I got up but I couldn't cover myself, as the paint was very wet. I felt very naked but I had to just go with it.
"Ok, I have done a wonderful job, go look at yourself in the mirror" Steve said.
All tents shared the artist so he had gone on his merry way. I was alone with Steve. I looked in the mirror. A painting of all stranger symbols possessed my body. I still noticed my breasts and nipples. The t-string had gone invisible under the art.
"Rachel, you need to paint me now," Steve said.
The artist arrived back and showed me what to do. I had to paint horizontal stripes all down the front of Steve's body and vertical lines down the front of his body.
Steve lay facing upward. He was wearing a tight speedo type swimsuit but it had a triangle g-string at the back. I looked at him properly for the first time. He had no hair. He was shaved from top to toe.
I started painting the stripes. It was going fine. We stopped chatting and I got on with the job. I noticed he was staring at my exposed breasts, which were pretty, much hanging into his face. I kept on painting. I got to his stomach and I stared at his package under his speedo. It started my dirty thoughts again. I was anxious about how I would paint around his pubic region, and it was now that time.
I dipped the brush in paint and painted right across the top of the speedos. I took the other brush and painted the next stripe down. As I painted this I noticed his cock starting to stand out. He was getting hard. The speedo was straining upwards like a tent. I painted the next stripe and I felt the ridge as I brushed a line right across it. It felt like a hard tube. He was looking sidewards. I was not sure if I should stop or go on. I just ignored it and went on. I started firing up again and I felt my pussy get wet inside. My nipples had got hard. I couldn't cover them up so I just ignored everything and tried to speed things up. As the paint was laid his cock started showing through as the speedo went transparent against the light orange and green stripes I was painting across it. He had a huge erection and a mean cock, probably 8 inches or so. When I was half way painting over his balls he suddenly spoke.
"Rachel, You think I can go to the toilet quickly. I need it bad" he asked. "Sure", I replied.
He got up and as he was walking away I could not help stare at that sexy tight bum covered with only a g-string.
My raw lust for sex was coming over me in waves. I was not thinking straight any more. I should have masturbated before the start of the competition, maybe it would have stopped this from happening. Steve's sexy butt entered my mind again and I recalled the snapshot of it in my mind's eye. I stood there and imagined stroking it while standing behind him and pushing my naked pussy with no hair into it so he could feel its smoothness and feel the heat emanating from it. I would rub it against his smooth butt rubbing the stickiness coming out of my pussy and onto his butt. I would put my hand in front of him while I was standing grinding my hips into his butt and I would take his erect cock out of the speedo and stroked its full length up and down.
Steve had goneto the mobile toiket unit just outside the tent. A few minutes passed and I thought I better also go to the toilet. The mobile unit had the green vacant light on. Steve must have gone elsewhere, I thought, as I opened the door.
There was Steve. His speedo was down by his ankles and he had his palm wrapped around his cock, It was erect and he was masturbating. He had his eyes closed. I stupidly said sorry and quickly was about to move back out, but I find myself transfixed and still. The head of his cock was shiny with pre-cum glistening all over it.
"You horny too? I don't know what made me ask this, but I did.
It was totally out of my character to be so open or forward. I am the quiet shy type who never even talks like this. Even with my girlfriends I mainly listen when they talk about sex or boyfriends.
Steve just looked at me. His face was red with embarrassment. As I turned around to go I slipped down the step in the dark and the t-string snapped and broke. Steve saw this and we both just laughed from the excessive tension in the air.
"Hey come here I will fix that for you" Steve said.
I looked up and glanced at his cock, which was now semis erect. His hand was off it and he was standing up to help me get my balance. I think I had frightened the erection away. My t-string had dropped off me and I leaned down to lift it off the floor, quite aware that I was totally nude now.
As I got up from reaching for the t string on the ground I felt Steve's hands touch my butt.
"Hey I left some skin showing I better paint it quickly" he said, and I felt his hands rubbing paint into the crack of my butt where the string was earlier.
This was too much. I felt my heart race as I took a deep breath. I was too far into it and my body shuddered and trembled. My breathing was deep, I felt my heart racing. I was still standing on the step facing away from the entrance to the toilet when Steve's hands continued exploring my butt and went under between my legs and rubbed the paint into my pussy. I felt this and I opened my legs to grant him better access. He didn't stop and I wanted him to keep going to touch me, to excite me. I felt his finger against my swollen clitoris and I could take it no more. I turned around and was overcome with hormones.
I dropped to my knees in between his legs and I grabbed at his big hard cock with my right hand I put my lips around it and I bobbed up and down. My pussy was flowing with juices now. I wanted to be fucked right there so much. I grabbed his pulsating and full swollen balls with my other hand and I fondled them and massaged his scrotum as I sucked away at the head of his penis. I tasted the salty spit coming out of his engorged cock. I just went on blowing him as I held his butt with my hands. His body started tensing and his legs were stiffening. I came off his cock to catch my breath. I dropped my one hand to the floor to support me as I inserted the index finger of my other hand into his butt hole. I pushed it in and felt the tight muscles around my finger as I twitched it around. Steve's head dropped back. I looked at him. He was about to cum. I took his cock again and I slowly milked him with my left hand as my finger probed deeper in his ass. He groaned and moaned and his cock pulsated in orgasm spurting away a few times. His cum spat into the air and landed on my painted hips. He looked at me with a naughty smile. He was satisfied. I was still aching to be fucked. We swapped places and I sat on the toilet seat. He pulled my legs apart and he ut his tongue onto my clit and sucked it. I closed my eyes and went with the flow. I felt two fingers inside my throbbing pussy and I came instantly. I could not help myself as I screeched in the height of passion.
Suddenly we heard the artist calling for us. We quickly got our balance back. I was wobbly and felt like marshmallow. I stayed behind and Steve went back inside the tent. I rubbed Steve's milky cum into the paint on my legs.
I made a knot on the t-string to hold it back together, waited a few minutes and then went back inside.
In the next episode I will tell you how I had to get painted nude for the competition as the t-string broke completely. The artist told me that nobody would know I was nude with the detailed artwork, but when we won the competition, it was fairly obvious, with all the stage lights. I still can't believe all that I did that night. It's not me, and if you ever knew me you would be shocked that I went through with it.