I decided to go to the residents party at the last minute. Mainly I was hoping to see my downstairs neighbor, Sandra, who I had a secret crush on, but hadn't worked up the courage to ask out yet. This was the second time I had been late, but I was waiting for a check from a magazine publisher for a story I'd written and it would be enough to cover this month's rent, plus late fees and also next month's rent as well.
The pool and party room, with pool table, dart board and Xbox games. Attached to the office, were both in use for the party. Only a few guests were still there by the time I arrived, but sadly not Sandra, and soon I was the only one left.
Joanna, the office manager, asked me to help clean up. She was okay looking with long, black hair, an athletic body, and slightly big boobs. Amber and Helen, the other office workers, were there too. Amber was beautiful with a perfect body and long, brown hair. Way out of my league. In contrast, Helen had short, blonde hair, average size boobs and a big butt. She could be kind of a bitch at times.
Soon, with all of us working, we had the place clean and spotless.
"Before you go, John, could you do me a favor?" Joanna asked.
"Sure," I replied. I didn't really want to, I had more stories to write and was dressed only in my swim trunks, but I still owed this month's rent and they hadn't said anything, so I decided not to push my luck.
"Great! How tall are you?" Joanna asked.
"Six foot even," I replied.
"Awesome. I'm thinking of getting a pool table and want to make sure it fits in the basement. Plus I want to make sure it's strong enough to support the weight of a full grown adult, in case my drunk uncle decides to climb on it for some stupid reason," she said.
"So what do you want me to do exactly?" I asked.
"Uh, lay down on the pool table," Helen said, in a condescending way.
"Uh you don't have to be a bitch," I replied.
Amber, the stable one of the group, said, "Please, John, can you just hop up there and we can see if it'll work?"
I smiled at her, "Sure," I said and climbed on the table.
"Slide down so that your head is on the table and not the railing," Joanna directed.
I slid down.
"Perfect, now, put your legs against the sides and put your arms over your shoulders."
This is getting weird, I thought, but decided if she asked one more thing, I'd just leave.
"Now!" Joanna said, and before I knew it, Amber and Helen had each tied my legs to the table and Joanna had secured my hands.
"Nice work, ladies," Joanna said, after inspecting their knots.
"Uh, what's going on?" I asked.
"You see, John, we don't like it when our renters are late with the rent. And you've been late twice now. See, that causes unnecessary tension in the office. Tension leads to un-happy workers, which leads to turn over. I don't like turn over," Joanna lectured.
"As punishment, we're going to tickle you until we feel you've learned never to be late with the rent again," Helen said, mockingly.
"No, you can't, I'm very..." I started, but erupted in laughter as all three women started tickling me.
"NO AHHHH PLEASE STOPP AHHH HAHAHA!" I shouted.
Helen and Amber were tickling my feet, while Joanna was going to town under my arms.
Soon Amber had my feet to herself, while Helen moved up my legs and Joanna moved down to my stomach and sides.
Every now and then they'd stop and let me catch my breath, then start up again, laughing at my torture.
"It can't be that bad," Helen said, pointing to my noticeably erect cock.
Amber raced out of the room, but soon came back with a pair of scissors and before I knew it, my swim trunks had been cut off me.
Each woman gave my cock a few strokes.
"I wonder how ticklish this is?" Helen said, running a fingernail around the head of my cock.
"Oh, I have an idea," Joana said, and left the room. Soon she was back with a feather duster they used to clean the office with.
She then pulled off a feather and so did Amber and Helen. My cock had never been harder, as three feathers were used up and down the shaft, around the head and down to my balls.
Joanna noticed some pre-come leaking out, licked it off, then stuck my cock in her mouth and gave it a few sucks.
The other two followed, then they went back to tickling me, but still made sure my cock stayed hard. Then suddenly, there was a knock on the office door.
"Not one word!" Joanna threatened.
"I'll keep him quiet," Helen said.
After a couple of minutes, we heard Joanna say, "No, wait don't go in there!"
The sight that greeted Joanna and Sandra, my sexy downstairs neighbor, was Amber tickling my balls with a feather, while sucking my cock and Helen, sitting on my face making me lick her pussy and asshole. She was wearing a short skirt and had removed it and her panties as soon as Joanna left the room.
"Who's the bitch now?" Helen asked, as she orgasmed on my face.
"I'm pretty sure my towels in here somewhere..." Sandra was saying when they walked into the room.
"Wanna help us punish this guy for being late with the rent?" Amber asked, tickling the head of my cock with the feather, while stroking the shaft.
"Well, I don't know, wait, John, is that you?"
Helen had climbed down and poked me in the ribs, "Answer her," she commanded.
"Hi, Sandra," I said. "I'd shake your hand, but I'm a little tied up at the moment."
"Yeah," Sandra gave a little laugh, "I can see that."
It didn't take long for the three others to convince Sandra to join in and soon eight hands were tickling me to the breaking point. Someone was always tickling, licking, sucking or stroking my cock, while the others tickled, pinched, poked or ran their nails around the rest of my body.
Finally I couldn't take it anymore, I was on the brink of shooting my load.
"I'm gonna come!" I warned.
It just so happened that Sandra was stroking my cock, she instantly used her thumb to rub the underside of my cock, just below the head.
"AAAHHHH!!" I shouted, as wave after wave of come exploded from my cock.
The women cheered and laughed at my orgasm, while I moaned and tried to catch my breath.
"What the hell is going on in here?" A voice shouted.
Startled, we all turned to see the female security guard and two female police officers standing there with puzzled looks on their faces.
Being a smartass and trying to lighten the mood I said, "Sorry officers, we didn't hear you coming."
There was dead silence for a moment, then the redheaded police office burst out laughing and replied, "Well, we sure heard you coming."
To be continued...