"Do you love me?"
I was shocked and scared when those words came out of my mouth. We'd known and worked closely together for years. On a certain level, as a friend, I did love the man. This new dynamic between us was exciting and confusing.
Jakes cock driving in and out of my pussy as I rode him was one of the most amazing experiences of my life. It was hard and thick, stretching me as I'd never been before. His hands on my butt, guiding my movements, my hard little clit rubbing against him made me feel things I'd never thought was possible. I loved feeling his cock throb inside me as he filled me up with his cum.
His cum pouring out of my pussy as his cock soften and slipped out of me felt nice. I slowly rocked my pussy against him, enjoying the slippery sensation on my pussy.
I wanted to taste him...well us.
Dragging my big boobs down his body, I scooted down until I was kneeling between his legs. Starting from the right side, I lapped at the gooey mess we'd created. It was salty, tangy and in the heat of the moment, the taste was absolutely phenomenal. I repeated on the left side, then the middle, each time I got to the tip of his penis, I let the head slide between my lips.
Once I was done cleaning our juices, I took his semi hard cock back in my mouth. I loved the feeling as I ran my tongue over the crown and his shaft. Concentrating on the head, I let my right hand glide up and down his stiffening penis.
"I want you back inside me," I whispered as I got up from the chaise.
Jake stood, pulled our bodies close and kissed me. My pussy tingled as our bodies pressed together. I could feel his cock getting harder as it rubbed against my tummy. Reaching down, I cupped his muscular ass and pulled him in even tighter.
I felt an almost overwhelming combination of lust and pride. Lust because at that moment I wanted nothing more out of life than to feel his hard cock driving in and out of my pussy. The pride I felt was; he was hard because of me.
I moaned as he moved his mouth lower, to my neck and throat. He spun me around, kissing my ear and my neck, his cock wedged against my butt. My moans turned to whimpers as his palms cupped my boobs and his fingers teased my hard nipples. The more he licked and teased, the harder I pressed my butt against him.
My swollen clit throbbed and my pussy was on fire.
Reaching up, I took one of his hands from my boobs and pressed it between my legs.
I cried out as his finger parted my wet lips and easily slid inside of me.
"Fuck me," I demanded, as he rubbed the palm of his hand against my clit.
Pulling away I moved back over to the chaise lounge. I started to lie down on my back but changed my mind. I quickly turned around and presented myself to him on all fours with my face pressed against the cushion.
"Oh my God," he exclaimed.
A surge of doubt instantly crashed over me. Who was I kidding? No one wanted to see my big butt and thick thighs from that or any other angle.
I was just a silly old woman who wanted to think she was a sex kitten.
"Absolutely gorgeous," he finished his sentence.
I was back to being a wanton sex kitten again!
He ran his hands over my cheeks....It felt good!
Instead of driving his hard cock into me, he moved to his hands and knees.
His nose pressed against my pussy as his tongue grazed my clit. He slowly and firmly l felt it undulate over my swollen nub. Moving up he let out a moan as he dipped his tongue inside of me, tasting my pussy. They were shallow dabs at first, each time going a little deeper, until he was fucking me with his tongue.
"Whoa!" I yelped and jumped his tongue moved higher across my, as I kept finding out, very sensitive butthole.
"I'm sorry," he immediately apologized, pulling back. "I got a little carried away."
I was completely at a loss as to what to say.
I mean how exactly do you tell someone, in a sexy way, that you want them to tongue fuck your asshole until you scream?
"No, you just caught me by surprise is all. It felt really good."
"Should I continue?" he teased.
"Please? It felt so good." I pleaded.
Starting at my clit, he ran his flattened tongue from there, through my lips and over my butt.
God it felt good. I was in heaven!
With a finger or maybe his thumb (at that point, he could have been using a rock from the garden for all I cared) Jake rubbed circles over my clit as his tongue lapped away at my butt. Every stroke was a little more pressure than the last.
Changing it up, he let the tip of his tongue trace circles around my quivering, puckered hole, licking it the same way I played with my butt after my waxing experience. The difference was night and day, doing it myself with fingers and having Jakes wet tongue pleasuring me.
He added some pressure to my clit as the tip of his tongue fluttered over me. I was a moaning wreck.
Just when I thought nothing could ever feel as wonderfully erotic, I felt his tongue prod its way inside.
"Oh my God! Yes!" I cried out as I pushed back against him, driving his tongue deeper.
There I was almost fifty, having been with only one other man in my entire life, completely nude, in my own back yard, with a man who technically I'd never been on a date with licking my butt... my mind was on tilt.
"You're...I'm going to...Cum," I announced.
I lost it.
My pussy and my butt clenched and throbbed. Jake continued to rub my clit and push his tongue inside of me as I moaned and cried out, finally ending up lying flat on the chaise as spent and sweaty wreck.
I easily could have laid there and drifted off to a blissful and satisfied sleep. Knowing Jake the way I do now, I know he wouldn't have had any problem with that.
But his rock hard cock was pressing against my leg, as he planted gentle, soft kisses on my back.
"Kiss me," I turned my head and told him.
He leaned over and gave me a very loving kiss.
"How do you want me?" I asked, reaching down, taking his hard cock in my hand.
"I don't care," he smiled. "I just want you."
"Well, I was hoping for doggy style, before you went all rouge on me," I told him and gave him a kiss. "Thank you for that by the way."
"Sorry, I couldn't resist," he smiled. "It was my pleasure, you have a very lickable butt."
It was one of the oddest yet sweetest compliments I'd received in a long time.
I gave the head of his cock a quick lick and kiss when he stood up, then raised myself back on all fours. Stepping behind me, Jake teased my clit with the tip of his cock then slid it between my wet lips until it touched my butt.
I tensed.
"Uh I've never had a cock there before," I warned, not sure if I was ready to try anal sex.
"Neither have I," he told me. "Sorry I just went a little too high."
"We'll save it for a special occa..Oh God that feels good!", I tried to say as he slid the length of his cock into my pussy.
This was the first time I'd had sex from behind. I liked it! His hands on my hips, pulling me back to meet his thrusts made me feel I was being taken. Jakes cock felt incredible, so thick and so deep, literally touching places that had never been touched before. It felt wild and primal.
"Fuck me," I grunted.
I continued to groan and grunt as his grip tightened on my hips and Jake drove his cock into my pussy. He kept plunging it in and out of me, deep and hard. My pussy was gushing juices around his cock. My body was quivering each time he slammed into me.
There was no romance, no making love, just two people fucking each other.
It sounds silly, but I felt like a porn star.
I loved it!
"I'm not going to last much longer," Jake warned.
Reaching back between my legs, I cupped his balls and let them roll around on my hand.
Yes, I saw it in a movie.
They were firm and tight, hugging up towards his body. He moaned as I gently squeezed them.
"Hannah, I'm going to cum."
"Cum on my tit's," I pleaded.
Yeah, I saw that in a movie too.
He pulled his cock out of me and quickly spun myself around cupping my big boobs in front of his cock.
I liked watching his hand slide up and down his shaft. I leaned forward to get a closer look and it happened, his first spurt hit me on and up my nose. The second got me on the throat and the last three or four ended up on my boobs.
It was Jakes turn watch as I wiped his cum off of my face and neck, one by one I licked each finger clean. By the time I cupped my boobs again, his cum had dribbled onto my nipples...Perfect! I raised my right boob to my mouth and swirled his cum off of it with my tongue. My finishing move was closing my mouth over my rock hard nipple and sucking for his viewing pleasure.
Of course, being the through woman I am, I repeated the show on my left boob.
"Oh my god, that's hot," he exclaimed as I lapped at and kissed my own soft flesh.
"You like?" I asked, knowing the answer.
"I love it," he replied.
"Good," I nodded. "Because I'm loving all of this."
I was about to profess my love for him, when I was interrupted.
"This is interesting," my mother's voice rang out as she came out to the patio.
A daughter will always be a daughter when it comes to her mother. Even at almost fifty years old. Even if you've spent most of your time together over the last two years nude...I caught myself reaching for a towel to cover up and felt a wave of dread that my mother almost caught me having sex...with a boy!
Jake was still standing and I was still sitting on the chaise as she made her way over to us. Judging from the way she was dressed, a tank top, the garish Indian yoga pants she always seemed to wear when she was forced to wear pants and her Birkenstocks, she'd been at the community center either teaching or taking a yoga class.
"Jake, this is my mother, Irina," I started the introductions. "Mom, this is Jake."
Of everything that had happened that day, sitting nude, while introducing my equally nude boyfriend to my mother was the strangest.
"Pleased to meet you Jake," she said, shaking his out stretched hand. "I'd give you a hug, but you look a little sticky."
I guess it wasn't a huge leap to figure out we'd had sex.
It was still a bit embarrassing though.
"Hannah," she said turning her attention to me. "You might want to rinse off your face, you look like someone hit you with a glazed donut."
And that was quite a bit embarrassing.
"Jake, be a dear and take my things inside," she asked him. "It will give us a chance to talk about you behind your back."
"Your things?" he asked.
She quickly untied, dropped and stepped out of her pants, while pulling her tank top over her head.
"These of course," she said handing the bundle to him.
"As you wish, Ma'am," he said giving her a slight bow before turning towards the house. "While I'm in there would you two like anything?"
"I think Manhattans are in order," she told him. "Everything is in the kitchen, it should take you about 15 minutes to make them."
Very subtle, Mom.
"Wow he's young," Mom said once Jake was out of earshot. "Will he be taking you to his prom?"
"He's not that young," I laughed. "He's thirty four."
"He's young enough to be your son...I'm proud of you. I might have to get me one of those."
I'm not sure if my Mom and I had some special level of intimacy or if all mothers and daughters did, but my mother, without getting too graphic about things, was aware of my quest for a happier sexuality. "Jake has been a handful," I told her.
"And quite a mouthful, judging from your face," she laughed. "I think you might want to rinse off."
"Shit! I forgot," I exclaimed, getting up and walking over to the outdoor shower and washed Jake from my face.
"Soooo, did you like it?"
"Like what?"
"Giving head. Sucking his cock. Slurping the salami. Munching the Mamba....Oh I'm sorry, I forgot who I was talking to," she smiled. "Did you enjoy performing oral sex on his penis?"
"I'm not a prude mother," I told her. "My ex was. I'm just inexperienced. But yes I loved it."
"And him?"
"He loved it too." I answered.
"Good but I meant, is he returning the favors?"
"Yes he is."
I gave her, without being too graphic, a quick rundown on the events of the day.
"Wow haven't you been the busy little bee," she said once I was done with the tale. "How are you feeling?"
"Great, tired and a little sore, but great."
"You've got feelings for him, don't you?"
I nodded.
"He has them for you?"
"I'm pretty sure he does," I answered.
"Then I am very happy for you," she said, pulling me in for a hug.
"Thanks."
"My God, a woman could die of thirst out here," she said, breaking the tension. Then shouted out, "Oh boy! We could use some drinks out here!"
On cue, Jake appeared carrying a tray with three pretty stout looking drinks on it.
Watching the muscles flex in his legs and seeing his soft penis bounce with every step started my pussy tingling again.
He served my mother first, then gave me mine, along with a soft kiss.
"I hope it's alright," he said to me. "I took a shower while you were talking."
"Oh I see how it is," Mom stared at him. "You just couldn't wait to wash the evidence away after defiling my poor innocent daughter."
"Mom, knock it off or I swear to God I'll put you in a home," I jumped in. "And I'll make sure it's the worst one I can find."
"I was just messing with him," she told us.
The rest of the evening went smoothly. The three of us ate the slightly overcooked dinner I'd started earlier together. It was my very first nudist dinner party.
Mom disappeared as soon as we were done, to get ready for a date. Jake being the wonderful boyfriend, insisted on cleaning up the kitchen, so all I had to do was sit at the breakfast bar, sip my Manhattan and watch him.
His lean muscular body had me tingling again. I wanted to kiss him. I wanted to hold him. I wanted to touch him. I wanted him to touch me and by that time, I wanted to touch myself.
Glancing over his shoulder, he caught me staring at him as he put the clean dishes in their cupboards.
He gave me a very sexy smile and I melted.
I was about to tell him I loved him, when a herd of water buffalo crashed through the kitchen.
Actually it was just my mother, to say goodbye before she left.
"Damn girl," she said, looking at Jake. "Your boyfriend has a cute butt, nice and tight. Good job!"
Then she "high fived" me.
"Well I'm off to meet up with Jerry and his wrinkly old man butt," she told me. "I think you're getting the better end of the dick."
Cue the eye roll.
"Thanks Irina," Jake laughed. "It was a pleasure meeting you."
"It was nice to see you too," she replied, looking directly at his crotch. "Now give me a hug so I can feel what I'm missing."
Jake looked towards me. It took me a second to figure out why.
"It's up to you," giving him permission. "The quicker you do it, the quicker she'll leave."
Good sport that he was, he gave my mom a hug goodbye. She hugged him back and just when I though he was going to come away unscathed, she let her hands drift down and gave his butt a squeeze, before moving away and left.
"Jake, I am so sorry," I told him. "First thing Monday, she goes to a home."
"No worries," he laughed.
Going back into the kitchen, he made me another drink.
"Here my love," he said handing it to me. "Couple more of these and nothing will bother you."
"Before this turns into drunk talk," I started. "I want to thank you for today."
"It's been my pleasure. You know me, always willing to help."
This was one of those times that I was grateful he and I had known each other for a long time.
I could tell him exactly what I was thinking.
"Time for you to shut up and listen," I said.
He nodded.
"Today I have had so many new experiences," I continued. " There have been so many things I've wanted to do but didn't have the guts to take that first step, you've opened up a whole new world to me and no matter how all this turns out, I will always be grateful for what you've done. Everything has been so much better than I fantasized."
"You've fantasized about us?" he asked.
"Yes I have," I answered, blushing. "Sort of."
"Very hot," he commented. "I'd love to hear about them."
It was embarrassing, but being it was I that opened that door, I felt obligated to tell him. I spoke of the few times I'd masturbated thinking of him. The whole time he stood there listening, still nude, leaning against the counter, his arms crossed the same way he did when we were discussing something important at work.
As I spoke, his penis started to thicken and grow. By the time I was halfway done, he was hard enough that it was pointed directly at me.
The heat from between my legs was almost unbearable. Each time his cock got a little harder, my clit swelled and my pussy clenched. I wanted to reach down and rub myself for some relief. But I held back.
I started mentally beating myself up for holding back and trying to hide how aroused I was all the time. Watching Jake right then brought it all home for me.
There he was, still listening. His erection told me, without a doubt, he was turned on. He wasn't flaunting it and he wasn't hiding it either. He was just there, enjoying my tale. Completely open and unashamed.
I wanted to be like that.
"Do you want to watch me?" I asked.
"Watch you touch yourself?" he asked back.
I nodded.
"I would love that," he told me.
He walked over, his erection swaying with each step and kissed me. It was soft, it was urgent and it had my pussy gushing.
"Bring your drink," I suggested as I took his hand and led him to my bedroom.
Once there, he sat down on my reading chair and placed his drink on the side table. I climbed onto my bed, propped myself up on some pillows and splayed my legs towards him.
I felt brazen, lewd and so exposed. I loved it.
"Most of the time, when I want to get myself off, I just find something on the computer and give my clit a quick rub and tug. But when I take my time I do this...."
I could feel his eyes on me as I ran my finger tips slowly over my flesh. Starting at my shoulders, I gently grazed the skin down to my boobs. I cupped one in each hand.
"My nipples get so hard when I do this," I told him as my fingers pinched and pulled them.
With a final twist and pull, I let my fingers wander down my body.
"As much as I hate looking at it, I love touching my tummy," I continued my narration as I ran my hands up and down my belly. "I love the way the soft skin feels when I touch and squeeze..It turns me on so much."
I could tell Jake was enjoying my little show. His hard cock jutted straight up from his lap.
"No. No," I chastised as he reached down to stroke himself. "I want you to just watch for now."
"Normally, I would run my fingers over my pussy right now," I continued. "But as horny as I am right now, I would cum too quick, so for now I'll just touch around my wet little pussy."
Spreading my legs a little further for him, I stroked my fingers back and forth around the outside of my pussy. Reaching lower, I could feel my wetness oozing out of my slit and coating my anus. My index and middle fingers slowly massaged my tight hole.
"It felt so good when you licked my here," I teased. "I loved feeling your tongue inside of me as I came."
My body shuddered at the thought.
Moving down, I caressed my inner thighs, to my calves. I raised my leg and ran my fingers over my foot, rubbing and pulling on my toes.
Jake let out a small moan.
"You like my feet, don't you?" I asked as I ran my fingers between my toes.
"Yes," he panted.
I had always suspected Jake was into feet. I tended to go barefoot or wear sandals around the office and I had noticed his stares.
"They are very soft," I kicked up the tease a bit. "Would you like to touch them? Or maybe kiss each one of my soft, pretty toes?"
He moved towards the bed, playing right into my tease.
"Not now my love," I purred. "You're just here to watch. If you sit back down, I'll let you watch me."
Honestly, I wasn't sure what to do. Had I known the man of my wet dreams was into feet, I would have definitely watched more foot fetish porn.
I slowly raised my foot to my mouth. One by one I planted soft kisses on the tip of each toe.
The look on his face told me I was on the right track.
Starting with my big toe, I repeated it, this time giving each one a small lick before kissing it.
A moan escaped his lips.
Doing it again, I licked, kissed then sucked each one of my toes for him.
No one was more surprised than me when I felt a jolt of pleasure run through my pussy each time I wrapped my lips around each digit.
I was starting to like the foot fetish thing. I could have kept sucking my own toes for quite a while, but I wanted to move things on.
I finished the foot fun by licking the sole of my foot, from my heel to my toes five times, each lick ending with a different toe in my mouth.
I needed to cum.
I let go of my foot and started running my finger tips up my body, until they were cradling my boobs again.
"Ready to watch me climax?" I asked.
"Yes," he croaked out.
"Yes what?"
Okay, I was really getting into having control by then.
"Yes please, my love."
I was just looking for a "please", the "my love" was a nice cherry on top of that sundae.
Cupping my boobs, I brought them up to my face.
"One of the great things about having big boobs is I can do this."
Bringing my hard nipple to my mouth, I licked then noisily sucked on it. Letting it fall from my lips I did the same to my left.
"I love having my nipples sucked," I told him in as sexy a voice as I could.
Taking one in my mouth, I sucked hard again, I parted my lips so he could see it was clamped between my teeth as I flicked my tongue over the swollen tip.
"I like how it feels in my mouth when I suck and bite them too."
"This is the hottest thing I've ever seen," he mumbled.
I was pleased.
I was also so aroused, I was about to explode.
I made a show of sucking and licking my index and middle finger.
"If you promise not to touch," I told him. "You may move closer and watch me finger my pussy."
He knelt on the bed, his face a few inches from my pussy. I could feel his breath on my lips.
I plunged my two wet fingers into my even wetter hole, pumping them in and out of myself almost violently.
I wanted his hard, thick cock splitting my lips, but I vowed to stay on course and make myself cum for him.
With my free hand I pulled and twisted my nipple to the point of pain.
"I need to cum," I cried out.
I yanked my fingers from my pussy so hard, I actually flicked my juices on his face. My fingers found and pressed on my very swollen clit.
Rubbing tight, hard circles over my nub made the first tingles of climax happen almost immediately. The tingles became jolts and the jolts turned into intense waves of pleasure as my pussy clenched and my asshole spasmed.
The pleasure kept crashing through my body it felt never ending.
Finally it did. I was spent, a complete rag doll.
"That was incredible," Jakes voice came from between my legs.
"Kiss me," I pleaded, too spent to sit up and get it myself.
I jumped as he buried his face into my soaked pussy and gave it a loud kiss. Once again, it wasn't what I had in mind but it worked for me.
"I meant up here," I laughed, pointing to my mouth.
Jake slowly kissed me above my pussy, then the lower part of my tummy. He dipped his tongue in my belly button before kissing here. It felt weird, but it did send a shiver to my pussy. Working up, he kissed each one of my rigid nipples before kissing my throat and finally my mouth.
As our tongues writhed against each other, I could feel the tip of his cock, teasing but not entering my pussy.
It took me a second before I realized why.
"Put it in me," I gave him permission.
In one thrust, he eased himself inside of me. He was so hard. I was so wet. My pussy gripped his shaft as he slowly rocked back and forth inside of me. I gently rolled my hips in rhythm with his movements.
We locked eyes. We kissed. We were making love.
"This feels so fantastic," I whispered to him after a few minutes
"Too fantastic," he whispered back. "I'm not going to last much longer."
"Don't hold back," I said as I pulled him in for a kiss.
As our tongues touched, I felt his body tense on top of me. He let out a low moan as I felt the head of his penis expand then I felt the surge of his cum filling me. I shivered as it oozed around his cock and dribbled out. The gooey sensation as it dribbled across my ass set me off.
Tilting my hips, I ground my clit against him and started to climax.
The weight of his body enveloping me, made me feel safe, warm and loved. I wanted to feel that way forever.
We traded soft kisses, our bodies still connected.
"You're still hard," I told him.
"You have that effect on me," he smiled.
"Round two?"
"You up for it?" he teased.
"Please fuck me, my love!"
Fuck me he did!
Still lying on top of me, he started thrusting. That lead to him on his knees in front of me, my legs on his shoulders. Deep, fast and hard his cock hammered in and out of my pussy. My boobs were bouncing and my tummy jiggled each time his hips crashed into mine.
I hate to admit it, but my pussy was starting to get sore. But even through that pain, his cock driving in and out of me felt too good to make him stop. I had a fleeting thought about offering up my ass, but our fucking seemed far too rambunctious to lose my butt-ginity to.
I needed to speed thing up.
Taking my leg from his shoulder, I moved my foot to his face. Without missing a beat, he grabbed my foot and started licking and sucking on my toes.
God I loved this whole foot thing. Each pass of his tongue on the tips and between my toes sent a tingle to my clit. As sore as it was, I couldn't stop myself from reaching down and rubbing it.
"Hannah," he cried out. "I'm going to cum."
I was almost there...so close, but this was his time.
"Shoot it on me, babe," I moaned as I ran my hands over my middle.
He quickly pulled his cock from my pussy and started stroking it. It looked so hot, his hand working up and down his slippery cock. My pussy tingled as I watched the white ropes of come shooting out of him and felt the heat splashing on my tummy.
Jake quickly moved his head between my legs and started lashing my clit with his tongue.
"Suck it baby," I purred.
Why that came out of my mouth, I'll never know. I didn't even know that was a thing, I just sort of blurted it out.
But holy shit I was glad I did. The suction my clit combined with his lips surrounding it as he lightly flicked his tongue over the tip was incredible.
I was right on the edge of cumming.
The two fingers he slid into my bum sent me over the edge and straight to the moon.
I groaned, I cried out, I screamed, I drooled and I moaned.
It was intense.
Jake crawled up and gave me a kiss.
"Do you love me?" he asked.
"With all my heart," I answered.