Hilda and I were lying together on the living room couch, a well-used large and comfortable leather modular affair, our backs against the backrest, our legs stretched out on two sectional pieces. We had just finished eating dinner and cleaning up the dishes, and were cuddling under a thin blanket in just our underwear. We were sipping our favorite drinks, vodka tonics, getting ready to watch some of our best-loved videos on the big screen TV that hung on the wall. Scat videos. We had other kinds of well-cherished videos, of course, but our favorites were the scat videos. Most of the videos we were going to watch had been viewed so often they were etched into our memories, but we would check out new ones when they were posted and add the best to our favorites list.
Usually, we just watched and waited to be inspired enough to begin scatting ourselves. Sometimes we played little games, like "Mix and Match," where one of us picked a number 1-5 and, say it was 3, when the third randomly chosen video came on, we did the same thing that was happening on that video. That could lead to some pretty interesting occurrences. One time we had to go out on the sidewalk and Hilda had to take a shit in my hands (in the video a girl takes a shit on a sidewalk and leaves it there, but we weren't going to do that, so we improvised a little). Fortunately, it was dark, though people were still out and about, and we decided we would walk around a bit in public with her poop in my hands for the thrill it gave us. We had quite a scat session when we got back inside the condo with Hilda's shit front and center. It's uncanny this particular episode came to mind just now because something very similar happens later in this story.
Before we turned the TV on, there was some news I wanted to tell Hilda. "I have a surprise for you I think you might like," I said to her, rolling on my side and draping my arm across her belly.
"You want to skip watching and just start scatting with me?" she inquired. She sat up briefly and unhooked her bra in the back and slipped it off before lying back again.
I smiled and caressed her warm breasts and kissed them a few times. "No, that's not the surprise, but if you want to, I wouldn't object."
She took another sip of her vodka and said, "Let's watch a little. I want to watch the video where the one girl has the other girl kneel on a sofa and shit in her mouth while she lies on the floor and then they share it. That one's so fucking hot, I love it."
"Sure," I replied. "That'll be great. I thought I'd mention my surprise before we watched anything, though, because it's work-related."
Hilda sighed. "You're not going to spoil the moment, are you, James, with news about another trip they're making you go on? Please don't."
"It's a trip, all right, but a good one this time."
"What do you mean?"
"It's a trip we're both going to go on, to the Farallon Conference next month in Las Vegas, fully paid for, just you and me, together."
Hilda let out a mild scream and grabbed me. "The Farallon? That's a huge conference! And in Las Vegas! How did you manage that?"
"I spoke to Garrett. He said corporate wanted to send two people from our office this year, and I convinced him that after going to Milwaukee that time, which worked out great for the company, and the fact that you and I completed a few projects together, he should send us. I also reminded him he'd only have to book one room, so it would even save money. He liked the idea and agreed."
"I'm sure he liked the saving money idea the best." She paused for a moment and then said, with just the hint of a devilish tone, "I'm surprised he didn't insist on going himself and taking me with him."
"Even though he knows we're an item and living together?"
"Sure, why not. There isn't a ring on my finger, it is still just a business trip. Could he convince me to succumb to his wishes for a week in, of all places, Sin City, and what might that lead to?" I was gently massaging her pussy through her panties, and she put her hand on mine and rubbed with me.
"Really?" This thought had never occurred to me before.
"Yeah, maybe. It depends how brave and daring he sees himself. He's always very polite around me, lingers as long as he can when talking to me. He hasn't asked me out or anything, knowing about us, but he might welcome a chance to be alone with me in a different setting. Just to test me."
Now that she mentioned it, I could see her point. I felt very positive and confident about what Hilda and I had, but I thought it might be interesting pursuing this a bit further just for the fun of it. Or so I thought. Assuming a curious though congenial tone, I asked, "So, if he had decided to go himself and ask you, would you go?"
"Of course, it's the Farallon," she replied. She looked at me with just the tiniest hint of a smile, and finally added, "Mmm, your hand feels so good on my pussy. Why don't you take my panties off."
Ignoring her request for the moment, I inquired, "Would you let him wine and dine you and then take you into his bed?"
"What kind of question is that?" she responded, trying to be stern. "How is that your damn business?"
I tried to warn myself that I was being foolish and probably taking this too far, but continued anyway. "Suppose you had a wonderful time with him at the Farallon and later at dinner, after he's ordered your favorite dish and you've had several glasses of wine, and he's told you how lovely the dress you're wearing is..."
"Mini."
"What?"
"Minidress," she said, as if seeing I was acting like a jerk, so was deciding to play me like one. "It's a lavender minidress that just barely covers my ass. If I bend over even the slightest my nipples show."
It took only a second for that image to blaze across my mind. "Right. And then he reaches over and takes your hand and tells you how much he'd like to make love with you. What would you say to him?"
Shaking her head now like I was beyond hope, she said, "Again, it's none of your fucking concern, but since you're so obsessed with this, I'd tell him to lean over closer and when he did, I'd say 'Yes, I'd love to."
"You would?" That rattled me for sure, and when I looked at Hilda she had a very pleased look on her face. What was happening here? Where I had once felt jovial, I now felt threatened.
"Of course," Hilda said, satisfied with getting that final blow in, and realizing it was time to end this nonsense, "and then I would say, 'but only if you let me shit in your mouth first, I really need to shit terribly and James always lets me do it in his mouth before we make love.'"
That obviously snapped me out of my dopiness and I laughed sheepishly. "Well, I guess that would end the test right there." She laughed as well. But never knowing when to quit while I was ahead, I said, "Okay, but wait, suppose he said he would love that. Then what?"
She elbowed me in the ribs and growled, "You're impossible! Turn the fucking TV on and find me that video with the girl shitting in the other one's mouth. You're such a goof!"
***
A few days later at work Garrett called us into his office and made it official that we'd be going together to Las Vegas. Hilda wondered if hotel arrangements had been made yet, and when he told her they hadn't, she asked if she could make them, that she knew the manager of a nice hotel and would like to book our stay there. Garrett asked the name and she told him the Octavian, which we all had heard of, and he said that would be fine. The conference was being held at a different hotel, but one we could get to in a few minutes via the monorail. We would leave on a Monday and return the next Sunday evening, with the conference running Tuesday through midday Friday. The weekend would be a reward from the company for some of our projects we'd completed in the last several months. "It's not a whole lot," Garrett admitted, "but two extra days in Vegas at company expense is better than nothing."
Later I asked Hilda about the hotel and its manager she had mentioned. "Oh, she's super special, and the minute you said Las Vegas I thought of her," she said. "Her name is Sadia, and she just might be the greatest scat goddess in all of Sin City. I got to know her after we performed a few times there in private scat shows, sometimes at the hotel she manages. Anybody really into scatting who knows her will try to stay at the Octavian; she'll go out of her way to make your stay as filthy as she can without worry. And, of course, she's usually happy to join in if you want."
Hilda contacted the hotel directly, hoping to be able to talk with Sadia, but she wasn't available. She didn't have her personal number handy so left a message for her to call her. In the meantime, she made the arrangements for us for next month. That night Sadia returned her call and they spoke as if they were long lost friends meeting up again. Sadia said she might make a few adjustments with the room, finding something more "scat friendly" for us. They joked back and forth about messes and "shit storms," and then Hilda got up and went into the bedroom and closed the door. I wondered if she was going to tell Sadia all about me, how I loved shit as much as they did and did everything imaginable when it came to shit play and how thrilling it was being with me, but before I could finish even thinking those things she came out of the bedroom. So she couldn't have told her all those things, not enough time had elapsed, hardly even time for one of them, so I wondered what had transpired and if it had been about me. Fishing was never one of my favorite sporting activities, except maybe fishing for a compliment. It was time to cast my lure into the murky waters.
"Why did you go into the bedroom, love?" I asked, trying for mild inquisitiveness rather than bold interrogation. "Was there a big secret you had to tell her?"
"Yeah, how my lover has been asking the dumbest questions lately."
Ignoring that remark, I continued on my merry quest. "I guess she doesn't know much about me yet, does she?" I asked. "I mean, you probably haven't had time to mention much about me to her."
She looked at me, as she so often does, like I must have a screw loose or something, and said, "Of course she knows about you! I probably told her about you a few weeks after we started scatting together."
Was that a nibble I just felt on my line? It was certainly pleasant to hear. "What kind of things did you tell her about me, if you don't mind my asking."
"I do mind," she answered, but probably realizing that this was just another one of my forays into the absurd, added, "but just the usual things women tell one another about their boyfriends. I told her all the ways you use your tongue on my pussy when you're not utilizing it saying the most ridiculous things and how big and fat your cock is. Though women have been known to exaggerate sometimes."
"You did, huh," I responded, so self-absorbed at the moment I didn't recognize her sarcasm. "Was she impressed?"
"No. She's a scat queen and like all good scat queens was only mildly interested in your cock and much more interested in your scatting prowess."
I felt my fishing line get very taut over that. "And?" I asked.
"And what?"
"Come on, Hilda. My scatting prowess."
"Oh, I was just about to tell her, but she got called away on some hotel business. I never had the chance."
I snorted and then laughed. "Just call me the Washington Generals. I'm never going to win."
"Who are they?" she asked, but I just told her to never mind.
I let the matter drop and we talked about other things, especially about what the conference might be like and things we'd like to do when not attending it. Hilda told me how nice the hotel was and how accommodating Sadia made it for scat lovers.
"So, do you think Sadia might want to scat with us?" I asked.
Hilda came over to where I was sitting and sat in my lap. "We talked a little about that, and she hinted she wouldn't mind doing that if we wanted, time willing. Of course, she wants to check you out."
I was leery to go down that road again, so said somewhat indifferently, "Check off the boxes, huh. See how I stand up?"
"I haven't kicked you into the rubbish heap yet, which is not saying I won't, mind you, so she knows there's something special about you to me. Can she see it and appreciate it, too. That sort of thing."
"Speaking of something special," I said, "remember what we planned a few days ago for tonight?"
"Is this the night we're going to Bingo?"
"Ha, ha, very funny."
She cuddled a bit closer and kissed me. "I remember, sure I remember. Take me to Papa T.s for some Ribollita or Lasagna first. Gotta fill me up first before I can let it all out."
"You're on, baby. I'll bring some wine, too."
Our meal at the restaurant was excellent, as usual, as was the wine. When we walked into the condo on our return, Hilda said, "Whew! Made it. I really have to shit, thanks to the wine, I think. I thought I was going to poop my panties in the car. It was very tempting just to do it; we haven't done anything like that in a while."
"I know," I responded, the idea sinking in nicely. "Do you want to? Come on, let's go in the bedroom and show me what you've got."
Hilda smiled and said, "Mmm, okay, great idea. Hurry, though, I'm right on the verge." On the way to the bedroom, she removed her blouse and, once there, her slacks. She knelt on the bed and showed off her light green bikini panties to me. As she played with her panties and fingered herself, I removed my clothes and then sat on the bed behind her, touching her ass, even kissing it occasionally. She pushed her panties into her ass crack and then pulled them out again. Finally, she held her hand gently on the seat, and they began to fill with shit. Her hand now acted like a monitor or guide, keeping the burgeoning poop inside her panties as they ballooned out. The smell was delicious.
The task for me was not to become too impatient, to restrain myself from putting my hands in her mess to spread it around. That pleasure should be all hers at the beginning. And Hilda knew exactly how to give herself the greatest delight. As she pushed the fabric into her ass, the shit began popping out of the leg holes. It was medium-soft and dark brown, and she began smearing it across her ass through the garment. Some of it fell to the bed, which she ignored, and concentrated on getting as much shit over her ass and on her thighs as she could. Soon the panties were a total mess, completely stained, and she slipped them down her legs to remove them. While they were at her knees, she asked me to unhook her bra which she took off and turned around before sitting. She then wiped her hands on her belly and pussy, covering them with shit, and did the same with her tits.
At this point my patience ran out. I picked up a log that had fallen to the bed, a turd about five inches long and put it in my mouth. I tilted my face towards hers and offered the log for her to suck with me. She took it in her mouth and we shared it back and forth. It tasted mild and more sweet than bitter, and already my mind was exploding with the thrill of what was happening. At the same time, Hilda took her panties and coated my chest and neck with the shit that had accumulated in them. She took the log from our mouths and used it to cover our faces.
We spent many minutes smearing most of Hilda's body, and a good part of mine, too, with her shit, enjoying the feel of it, the taste, the smell -- and most of all the filth of it and how the challenge of overcoming that produced such a sexual high for us, such a feeling of power. It took us to another plane, one of pure sensation.
When it appeared we had used up all the shit available, she looked at me and said, "I want more, I need more for us to play with. Your turn, James. On your knees." I did what I was told and knew I was in for a magnificent treat. Hilda was going to rim me as a prelude to my defecating, and her rimming technique was the best, mainly because she put everything she had into it. She didn't just lick me, but ate my ass like she was starving and I was a filet mignon. Her tongue explored my entire ass crack, drenching it, and when at my asshole would go in deep, like a bee's proboscis searching for nectar. Before long she had my asshole so opened up and juicy, her tongue slid in easily. Next a finger went in and when she pulled it out it was black and shit-covered. She put it in her mouth and licked it clean and then quickly got on her back and positioned her face beneath my asshole.
"Let me have it, baby," she cooed. "My pussy is dripping like a faucet waiting for all that shit you've got for me." She continued to tongue my asshole, arching her neck in order to get her tongue up my ass as far as she could. I could feel my shit slide down my chute and then out my sphincter, and her mouth was right there waiting to take it all in. She moaned as it filled her mouth and spilled out onto her cheek. I looked down my chest to between my legs, and all I could see was this giant brown log protruding from her mouth. As I swung my legs off her, she reached up and grabbed it to keep it in place in her mouth, and I immediately bent down to hold it as well and suck it with her. We mushed it in our mouths, something we both love so much, and then we started spreading it, looking for spots we had missed before, but also further smearing it on her face, her tits, and finally her pussy.
I sucked her tits after they were covered, and maneuvered myself between her legs to fuck her. She rubbed her dirty hands all over my ass, filling my ass crack with poop, and as my cock fucked her cunt deep, stroke after stroke, she shoved her fingers up my ass. Our bodies slithered over each other in the shit that now coated both of us, and it felt luscious and sensuous. Both of us were on the verge of coming, and I was determined that she would come first. I plowed my cock into her, holding back the overpowering desire to shoot my cum deep inside her, and finally she spasmed and her pussy slammed into me and I erupted as well, my floodgates flying open in release. We hugged each other tightly and kissed and then broke apart, exhausted.
We lay in each other's arms and I fondled her, continuing to spread my shit all over her. But then she grabbed my hand so I would stop and spooned into me, pulling my arm over her body. "That feels perfect, love," she said. "Let's just lay here like this for a bit before we clean up. Then I need my beauty sleep, because I've got some shopping to do tomorrow. Las Vegas doesn't know what's about to hit them."
***
Everything with our flight went perfectly; the plane even landed five minutes ahead of schedule, which is basically unheard of. We took a taxi to the hotel, and at the front desk Hilda asked if Sadia was there. The receptionist pressed a button on the counter, and a few minutes later Sadia came out from a door off to the side. She and Hilda recognized each other right away and gave each other a big hug. Sadia was quite stunning, mid-thirties, dark brown hair, with an athletic shapely figure. Hilda introduced us and we kissed on the cheek. Hilda had said Sadia often participated in the scatting activities of her guests if they so desired, and based purely on my initial impression of her, I was looking forward to her joining us at some point during our stay.
Sadia retreated behind the counter for a moment, got some keycards for us, gave some instructions about our luggage, and told us to follow her. We got into an elevator and went up to the twelfth floor and then to our room. It was big, with a king-size bed, a balcony, and a large bathroom with an oversized tub. After our luggage was brought in and we were alone, Sadia felt more comfortable talking freely. She pointed out the large vacant floor area "perfect for scat play," and the large tub "big enough for the two of you at once either before or after -- or both!" She told us to look around and make ourselves comfortable, that she would be right back. She left and we went onto the balcony.
We gazed out at the Las Vegas skyline, at least as it looked from 12 floors up. "The last time I was standing on a balcony at this hotel," Hilda said, "I was with a woman named Michelle, who loved standing outside totally naked and covered in shit after we'd had a scat session, enjoying the view."
"Sounds wonderful," I said.
"It was. Her mother Debra was also with us. Quite the scat queen, was Debra."
"Oh, wow, mother-daughter and company," I mentioned. "That must have been very sexy and exciting. I wish I was there, too." I put my arm around Hilda's shoulder and she hugged me around the waist.
"I'm afraid that was a girl's-only extravaganza, so you would have had to arrange some other time. You would have loved it, though; the mess was incredible. Six women, no make that seven, making love to each other totally covered in shit, with most of the women arriving with at least one container of saved shit to use. The amount on hand was awesome, and none of it went to waste. Debra would have had a lot of fun with you."
"And vice-versa, I'm sure." I was picturing that scene basing it solely on what I knew about Hilda, imagining the other unknown-to-me women were just like her in desire and willingness, and what all that shit must have felt and smelled and tasted like, everyone spreading and feeding one another with it, limbs and torsos intertwining in sheer ecstasy. It must have been amazing.
We stepped back into the room and just then the outer door opened and Sadia walked in carrying a number of items. "You've been here before, Hilda, so you know the routine," she said. "I keep these in a special place for my scat customers. Here is some plastic sheeting that's been pre-cut to fit in that vacant section of the floor I mentioned, and another for the bed, some extra sheets and extra towels. You're here for a conference, right?"
"That's right," said Hilda. "The Farallon."
"There must be fifty conferences going on somewhere in this town at any given time. I think I've heard of that one, but not like if it was held in this hotel. Anyway, before you leave in the morning, put everything that's soiled, if anything, though Hilda, unless you've had a major religious conversion or you're not really Hilda but just a pretender, I'm sure there will be plenty of soiled items... just put them in that large black bag in the bathroom. It will be taken away and replaced with clean items. All the maids are paid extra for doing that, among other scat-related cleanup chores."
"Don't worry, we'll leave them a nice tip before we leave," I said.
"Have a blast, the two of you," Sadia urged, "just remember it's a hotel and not a scat resort. I had to almost ban a group from Michigan not long ago because of their extravagances, though they apologized and paid for the damages."
"We were just on the balcony," said Hilda, "which made me think of Michelle. Have you seen her lately?"
"Only once since her mother passed," Sadia answered. "She was able to time her last visit so we could be together. You know Michelle, so into scatting just like her mother was, no holds barred. I wish she would visit more often."
"Speaking of visiting, we hope, no expect, you to join us whenever you can. Like tomorrow, for instance. Remember?"
"Sure, about 11 p.m. It's all arranged." They grinned at each other as if they were in cahoots on something, or maybe it was just they had spoken on the phone and had worked out a time for all of us to get together.
Sadia looked at me and smiled. "Hilda's told me all about you, James, and I look forward to finding out for myself just how accurate she was."
"I've been told that women sometimes exaggerate certain things in those circumstances; I hope I'm not a disappointment to you."
She laughed and said, "If Hilda's kept you around this long, I'm sure you won't be that." I liked her cool confidence, so similar to the way Hilda was, and definitely looked forward to the following evening.
***
We didn't scat that first night, and after breakfast the next morning we took the monorail to the hotel where the Farallon was being held. There was a good crowd in attendance, and we ran into a few people from other offices of our company, recognizable from the nametags we wore. Every other presentation seemed to be about how AI was going to transform the business, and ways we should be preparing ourselves. It was interesting at first, especially the hands-on demonstrations (more of these were expected over the following two days) and then not so much. Late in the afternoon we returned to our hotel.
There was a nice restaurant there, at which I made a reservation for us a couple of hours hence. In our room we decided to put our two-person tub to good use, and we took a bath together. It felt good soaking in the hot soapy water after spending most of the day on our feet. At one point Hilda rinsed the soap off my cock and sucked me, deep and slow. She took it deep down her throat until her lips were touching my belly. She is reluctant to suck me so deep when it's coated with shit for fear of choking, but that wasn't the case now and it felt fantastic. She put her hand on my cock to stroke me which limited the depth I could reach in her throat, but her speed increased and I was building to a climax quickly. I groaned and exploded, dumping my cum in her mouth. She got all of it, showed it to me, and then swallowed.
We got out of the tub and helped each other dry off. Usually Hilda, once in a naked state, likes lingering that way, but she was eager to get dressed. She told me before we left home she had bought a couple of new outfits as planned and couldn't wait to show them off to me. She went to the closet where she had hung them up, picked one, and brought it to the bed. She removed it from its protective wrapper and held it up. It was a light-blue minidress, and when she held it to her body, seemed to barely conceal her pussy.
"I was hoping to find one in lavender, like the one I imagined earlier, remember? but had to settle for this blue one. Like it?"
"It's gorgeous," I told her. "You might get arrested, however, wearing it in public."
"Not in this town, are you kidding? This is a going-to-church outfit." She had it on by that time and, indeed, it reached only to the top of her thighs and just barely covered her ass. The neckline was cut very low, almost to her nipples. She leaned forward slightly over the back of a chair and asked me if I could see her ass.
"Not standing up like this," I said, "but if I squat down a little like this" (and I scooched down), "I can for sure."
"Good," she replied. "Perfect. Let's see how clumsy men become around me dropping things so they can bend down and gaze at my ass."
"Are you going to wear anything underneath?" I asked.
"Now, why would you think I'd spoil it by doing that?"
"The ultimate man-torturer, that's my sexy Hilda all right," I chuckled.
With the dress in place and a pair of tan sandal heels on her feet, we made our way to the restaurant. The pleasure I was experiencing of being with Hilda like this was profound and two-fold: not only was I with this beautiful sexy woman who was all mine, but every guy in the place would be jealous of me. Had to be, unless he were blind. It was obvious even before we got to the restaurant: men turned and stared, it was like a spotlight was on her in the elevator, and when we stepped off and Hilda grabbed my arm, how tremendous did that make me feel! Wow!
We had dinner, which Hilda made sure was rich in fruits and beans and leafy greens ("just thinking about later upstairs with Sadia," she said smiling) along with several glasses of wine. When we finished, we went into the casino, Hilda drawing attention from every direction, like iron pellets to a magnet. We stopped at a few of the gaming tables to observe (and be observed, at least one of us), even placed a few bets at a roulette table, but, typical of my luck, lost. When it comes to money wagering, I'm reminded of an uncle I have who complained his whole life that the only thing he ever "won" was when they instituted the draft lottery during the Vietnam War and his number was chosen almost immediately, guaranteeing he'd be drafted. I always could sympathize with my Uncle Frank, because I seemed to have inherited his luck. His wife, my Aunt Ellen, was a beautiful person, though, in both body and spirit, and everyone would remind him how lucky he was in that department, which he never denied and knew was true... exactly the way I feel about Hilda.
After sashaying around the casino a few times, having mesmerized many men, and women, too, with that light-blue minidress that showed off her gorgeous legs almost to the top of her thighs, we went into the lounge for a drink. I said to Hilda while we stood at the bar, each of us sipping another vodka tonic, how all those longing gazes made her feel.
"Considering what I'm wearing and where we are, the atmosphere of the place, pretty hot and sexy. A better question might be how does it make you feel?"
"Like the luckiest guy in the world."
"Good, because you are. And I'll show you why. But first, I almost forgot, do you have a handkerchief on you?"
I told her I did, and she asked to see it. She unfolded it and saw it was a large one, which pleased her immensely.
"That should do perfectly," she smiled, folding it haphazardly and handing it to me. I put it back in my pocket and forgot about it.
We finished our drinks and left the bar, heading for the elevators. My mind started racing, imagining us tumbling naked onto the bed in our room, our hands and mouths devouring each other, our all-consuming fetish cravings ready to explode, literally, from our bodies all over us. But when we reached the elevators, Hilda kept walking into a corridor, one that seemed to lead to offices that at this hour were empty and locked, to a black leather couch along the wall, where she sat and signaled me to do the same.
"Let's sit here for a minute," she said. "I just want to see something."
"I thought we were going to the room," I said, "but okay." It looked like we were spying on someone, but nobody came down the corridor. "What's up? Are you waiting for Sadia?"
"No," she answered. "I'm feeling incredibly sexy and daring and want to do something with you. I just want to see how deserted this hallway is." As we sat there I began to wonder if she wanted me to fuck her right there on the couch. I put my hand on her knee and slid it up her thigh to her pussy. She closed her legs capturing my hand, but didn't remove it. I leaned toward her to kiss her and after I did, I whispered to her that if she wanted to and thought it was safe enough, I'd fuck her on my lap.
She smiled at me but said she had a better idea. After several minutes had elapsed and no one had come along, she said, "Good. It's what I was hoping." She pointed surreptitiously to a spot across the way. "There's a little alcove in front of that door over there. See it?"
I looked toward where she was gazing and said I did.
She turned to face me and taking my arm said, "Let's go over there. I need to take a shit, James, and I want to do it in your hand right here. Then I want you to hold it while you cover it with the handkerchief and we'll walk to the elevators and go upstairs to the room. It's probably going to smell, and anyone near us, especially in the elevator, will smell it. Neither of us will say a word, act like nothing is out of the ordinary. They will probably all look at you, guessing what you're concealing under the handkerchief, but most likely won't say anything. How does that sound, Mr. Luckiest Guy in the World? Erotic? Sexy? Fun?"
I thought for a moment and said, shaking my head in amazement, "Hilda, sweet, sweet, Hilda. The things you come up with, you just blow my mind sometimes! Holy shit, that's so fucking incredible and risky, even scary as hell! But sexy? Fuck, yes! Fuck, fuck yes!"
"Good," she said. "I thought you might like it."
"But suppose someone does say something?" I asked. "Goes a little crazy even. Then what?"
"You'll just have to be resourceful, that's all. Keep thinking about what it will be like once we get to the room. That should help."
"Oh yeah," I said. "I'm thinking about that already. Let's do it!"
We got up and moved to the small alcove. We double-checked the corridor one last time for intruders, and then Hilda pulled her dress above her hips. It dawned on me this was another reason she didn't wear panties. I knelt behind her and ran my tongue through her ass crack and licked her asshole. The tip of a turd suddenly appeared, which I also licked, and thought for a second to hold my position and take her turd in my mouth. But then what? Walk through the lobby with a shitlog protruding from my lips? That certainly sounded wonderful to me, and I was sure Hilda would be just as thrilled, but everyone else would probably head off screaming. So I held my right hand beneath her ass, told her I was ready, and waited for her shit to fill it. She defecated a solid brown log, a bit firmer than was usual from her, but pliant enough to curl into my hand and then around onto itself once, making a neat pile. It smelled pungent but not overpowering. She said she had more but would hold it in reserve until we got to the room.
I stood up and she reached into my pocket for the handkerchief. Unable to resist the temptation, I held my hand up to our faces and asked her if she wanted to taste with me. I stuck my tongue out and ran it all over the pile, just tasting, not digging into it making a mess. I held it up for her and she did the same, and then kissed me, touching her tongue to mine. I held my hand palm up and she draped the handkerchief over the pile of shit.
"You've got three holding options," she said to me. "One, you can hold it like a waiter carrying a plate out in front of you, though everyone will know what's under the handkerchief quickly that way from the smell. Two, you can hold it down at your side, maybe keep it hidden along the side of your body, but just don't drop it -- what a fiasco that would be! Or three, you can hold it Napoleon style partly under the front of your jacket."
"I think I'll go with Napoleon," I said.
"Okay. You can always alternate to another position if that one doesn't feel comfortable."
"None of them will be comfortable, but that's the point, right?"
She kissed me and said, "That's the idea. But think how fucking horny it will make you! Make us!"
We walked down the corridor and once again to my surprise she continued past the elevators out into the crowded lobby. She was going to milk this for all it was worth. She whispered to me to just follow her, that we'd take a little promenade around the lobby to the casino and then back again. She was walking next to me.
"That shit isn't as smelly as it sometimes is," she whispered to me. "Too bad."
"I can smell it just fine," I replied, also in a whisper, "and people are starting to look at me. I have a feeling they don't find it quite as delectable as I do."
"Just ignore them. Or smile back roguishly, that might be more fun."
She seemed to be zeroing in on the most crowded sections of the lobby to amble through. A few times she stopped and engaged me in conversation, as if signaling to everyone that she was definitely with me and a co-conspirator in the secretive shit play that was occurring in their midst. Once I felt the handkerchief begin to slip off my hand and had to quickly reposition it or the pile would be in plain view. I tried once putting my hand to my side, but it was so hard managing things down there; I was afraid someone would knock the handkerchief off or I'd drop it, and brought it back under my jacket lapel again. This put the odor back at everyone's nose level, but gave me better control.
A few people were really noticing me now and beginning to talk. The shit-pile was also beginning to soften into mush from the heat of my hand, and I started worrying it might start dripping through my fingers. Hilda realized that, too, and decided to head to the elevators before things got out of hand (no pun intended). Two other couples joined us on the elevator, both having pushed floor number buttons lower than ours. To my surprise, Hilda pushed the 11 button for us rather than 12.
"We're on the twelfth floor," I reminded her.
"My mistake," she said and pressed 12.
Hilda began chatting to me about something, but I had no clue what she was talking about. She did this to distract the other two couples from wondering too much about that strange odor they were no doubt noticing, figuring they would be too busy eavesdropping on what she was saying. They looked at each other, indicating they were aware of a strange smell, but not 100% sure where it was coming from.
Finally, one of the women said, looking at me, "Phew. That smell."
Hilda immediately responded, "Yes, I know. We're sorry. There was a plumbing issue in the rest room near the exercise room, what a mess, and being in the wrong place at the wrong time, some of it got on my husband's shirt sleeve."
"Yeah, sorry," I put in. "That's why I'm trying to hide it under my jacket with this handkerchief. It smells horrible, I know. So embarrassing. The hotel will get it cleaned for me, and promised us a free night, as well."
"Oh, that's okay," the woman said. "I'm glad they're compensating you for the inconvenience, at least."
"Yeah," Hilda said. "They're pretty good at this hotel."
One couple got off on the third floor, the other on the fourth. When the second couple got off and we were alone, as soon as the door slid shut, I took my hand from under my jacket and lifted the handkerchief. Both of us were feeling very horny, what with the shit in my hand, the risk, the close call, and now being alone in the elevator, and I held the turd to her lips to taste again and she sucked one end of it this time like it was a cock, moaning slightly. As she savored the log I said, "That was good thinking, with my shirt sleeve."
"It was pretty lame, actually, if you think about it," she said, "but whatever. It worked." Her thoughts and desires were clearly on what was happening at the moment. "Fuck that, here, have a taste of me," and she turned my wrist and directed the log into my mouth. I sucked it a few times, delighting in its earthy texture, and then wiped our lips with the handkerchief. The elevator stopped again at the eleventh floor.
"Come on," Hilda announced. "We're getting off here."
"But we're on the twelfth," I insisted.
"I know. Come on."
We got off the elevator and she led me to the emergency stairs a few yards away. We went through the door and into the stairwell and climbed half way up between floors to where there was a landing. She stopped there, reached back and unzipped her dress, and took it off. Completely naked other than her heels, she said, "Get me all filthy right here, James. Spread that shit all over me now. When you're done you go to our room and open the door for me and I'll come running in naked from here."
Fuck, I couldn't believe this woman sometimes! She's the sexiest most fucking depraved and exciting woman I've ever met, and like she said she would, was about to show me why I was the luckiest man in the world. She broke the log in half and began spreading it all over her tits and up to her face. My half I smeared on her midsection and pussy and then all over her ass. Both of us were on full alert wondering if anyone would come barging through either of the two doors of the stairwell and what that would mean for us. The danger of that only added to the thrill, and we probably prolonged our stay covering Hilda's body in poop beyond what we should have, but neither door ever opened. I was still fully clothed so had to be careful, but couldn't resist sucking her tits after they'd been totally blanketed in shit and asked her to wipe some on my face and lips.
"Okay, but just a little. You've got to stay clean to open the door to the room. Suppose someone comes out of their room while you're in the hallway?" But she slathered a handful across my face anyway, like I knew she would. I purposely kept my left hand clean and took the keycard out of my pocket so as not to waste time at the door. We had been careful not to get too much shit on the floor; I picked up a few remnants and wiped them on Hilda's legs, and she peed a little onto the handkerchief wetting it, which I used it to wipe up the rest.
We went to the stairwell door and there was a window in it, about a foot square, I could look out. The hall looked deserted, but it was only about 9-10 p.m., not the middle of the night, and people were certainly coming and going. I had Hilda's dress draped over my arm and told her when I left she should hold the door open with her foot and not get anything else dirty. I told her how beautiful she looked and couldn't wait for us to be together in the room, that there was so much more of what she was smeared with yet to come. She smiled at that and said, "I'm sure you're right about that," which seemed to carry some secret meaning, but there wasn't time to think about it.
Our room was about 30-35 feet down the hall, and I told her once I had the door open, I'd signal her when the coast was clear. Since the elevators were close by the stairwell, though our room was in the opposite direction, I would take a glance and see that none was about to open up any second. I made my way out into the hallway, saw that no elevator was anywhere near the twelfth floor at that time, and moved quickly to our room. A woman and two kids were entering their room far down the hall, but were soon out of sight.
Then all was quiet and I opened the door. I signaled to Hilda to proceed, and I heard her swing open the stairwell door with her foot and then saw her lovely naked shit-smeared body make its way down the hall. My cock became erect immediately, and I had to make a quick adjustment of it in my trousers with my clean hand. She hurried a bit at first but seeing me staring at her, slowed down her pace considerably. Then she went into a little dance, licking the shit off her nipples as she swayed back and forth, fingering her pussy, and showing me her filthy ass. It was sensational, but totally nerve-wracking as well, half expecting someone to open their door and see her. Finally, she made it to the room and waltzed inside.
As soon as the door closed behind her, I started taking my clothes off with my clean hand. "You looked so incredible out there in the hallway," I said, struggling with my shirt buttons. "If I didn't have all these clothes on, I'd have run out and given you a big bear hug." I decided to hurry to the bathroom to wash my hands and then continue taking my clothes off.
Hilda was still pumped up from the thrill of what just happened. "Hurry up and take them off," she implored me, "and I'll go back out again. I could feel the adrenaline racing through me wondering if a door would suddenly open and I'd be caught. It's made me so fucking hot!" When I was finally naked, I did give her a hug, and she wiped her dirty hands on my face and neck and rubbed her tits into my chest.
"Open the door!" she insisted. "I want to dance some more!"
"Hilda," I beseeched her, "Why press your luck..."
"Because it's Las Vegas, baby, where luck is king and my soul's on fire! Open the fucking door!"
What else could I do, so I opened the door, and without even looking she dashed out into the hall. Only then did she cast a glance in both directions. They say God looks out for drunks and fools; I know Hilda wasn't drunk, so he must have been watching over her in that other capacity. She danced all around the hallway in front of our door, and then reached for my hand and pulled me out with her. Now God had two fools to keep an eye on. At the very last second before the door would have slammed closed, I realized what was happening and stuck my foot back and stopped it from slamming shut. A half second later we would have been trapped outside our room, naked and coated in shit, especially Hilda, and then fucking what? One of my shoes was just inside the door and I used it to keep the door ajar so we could continue our dance. It was like we were tempting people to open their doors and see us, intoxicated by the thrill of being captured. I grabbed her tits and then her ass, and once I could feel her finger probe my asshole. We kissed and rubbed our bodies together and felt the sexual excitement and danger surge through us. Then we heard a door open nearby and voices coming from by the elevators, and we made a dive for our door.
And as in so many melodramas or crazy comedies we were saved just in the nick of time. We laughed wildly, a bit out of breath, and I picked Hilda up and carried her to the bed and plopped her down. I continued right on top of her, and we rolled around in each other's arms. I thought we might rip each other's skin off we were so horny.
"On your knees, you!" I commanded. "I want to lick you and taste you everywhere!" She knelt on the bed spreading her legs wide apart and I knelt behind her. I reached my hand under her and wiped a handful of poop off her tits, where most of her shit seemed to have accumulated. I then smeared it on her ass and especially in her crack and back into her asshole. I buried my face in her crack, rubbing my tongue all along it, loving how her shit felt on my face. The smell was intoxicating, and the taste as I buried my tongue in her sphincter was delectable. With my tongue deep up her ass, she pushed and most of the shit I'd fingered back up there came rushing out into my mouth. I pushed it all around my mouth and then dribbled it out onto her back and massaged it into her skin.
"Sit on my face," she ordered when I had finished. "I want to eat your ass, ream it out with my tongue, then I want you to shit in my mouth. Fill it up with your shit." We were both crossing over into a space beyond normal, one where we would be totally consumed by filth and depravity. I positioned my ass over her face, my knees near the top of her head, and she couldn't wait to insert her tongue in my ass, pulling her head off the bed and into me. My brain seemed on fire, all boundaries of decorum falling away.
"Open your mouth, my lovely bitch," I growled. "Get ready for a massive load." I could feel my turd push through my sphincter and saw it enter her mouth. It was nearly black and glistened and seemed to spill out of me like a soft ice cream dispenser with the off switch broken. Her mouth filled quickly and I pushed myself up higher on my knees so my waste cascaded from her mouth across her chin and onto her neck. I broke off what was sticking out of her mouth and wiped most of it on her face. Then I kissed her, a huge shit kiss, and we passed the shit back and forth in our mouths.
I swung off of her, turned around, and straddled her pussy. I told her I had more for her and I was going to bury her pussy with it. She begged me to do it and rammed a finger up my ass. Soon another turd exited me and landed on her pussy. She reached for it and began spreading it all over her pussy and inside. I turned again and directed her filthy hands to my cock and forced them up and down my shaft. When it was thoroughly covered in shit I fucked her pussy with it. My cock felt wonderful engulfed in all that shit as I fucked her cunt, our bodies slamming into one another. She wrapped her legs around me, and I sucked her tits.
"In my mouth," she moaned into my ear. "Come in my mouth and on my face." She replaced my lips with both her hands on each of her tits and pinched her nipples. I knew she was close to climaxing the way she was pulling hard on her nipples, and I was getting close, too. Then I felt her body spasm and heard a deep sigh emerge from her, and I withdrew my cock and slithered up her body and sat on her tits, my cock at her lips. She took me deep in her mouth sucking on me, and I exploded onto her tongue and then all over her face, my white cum mixing with the shit. It was beautiful, and she held me on her face and in her mouth for quite a while. I finally collapsed onto her, and held her close to me. I sucked her shit-plastered tits a few more times, unable to quit.
We lay in each other's arms and rested, gently kissing and licking one another as the mood struck. After chit-chatting for quite a bit, I said, "I hope Sadia doesn't get mad that we made this big mess on the bed and not that vacant spot on the floor she seemed to hope we would use."
"Nah," Hilda replied, "she won't mind. It's like at home -- stay on the plastic and all is well. Now if we did this on that felt couch over there, we might have an extra charge on our bill. Try explaining that to Garrett."
I chuckled thinking about that.
Suddenly there was a knock on the door. Hilda called, "Sadia?" loudly and then the door opened and Sadia announced herself. She came into the room, accompanied by two young women. She was carrying two large dinner plates and two restaurant style plate warmer covers. Seeing the condition we were in, and the fact that we were lying together and shit was everywhere on and around us, I was startled at first to see the two other women. But Hilda didn't bat an eye, and the two women seemed more curious than shocked by what they were seeing. So I concluded this was something Hilda and Sadia had cooked up, and I should just go with the flow.
"Perfect timing," Hilda said to Sadia. "How do we look?"
"Delicious," Sadia replied.
"You were able to arrange that surprise we talked about, I see," Hilda said to Sadia, and then to me added, "James, we have a nice surprise lined up we think you'll like. I know I will."
Nodding toward the two girls with her, Sadia said, "This is Candy and Gina, and it just so happens they have an hour or so to spare before being expected as escorts at another party at the Emerald Cove, and they agreed to do what we talked about."
"Wonderful!" said Hilda. "That's what the plates are for, I imagine."
"Sure, why not. Might as well fancy it up a bit, right?"
Gina hadn't been able to take her eyes off us since coming in the room. "Wow," she uttered bewilderedly, 'you two are really into scat play, aren't you?"
"It's the greatest feeling ever," Hilda responded. "Huh, honey."
"Totally fantastic," I said.
"I'll just take your word for it," Gina said, not exactly convinced.
"Should we take our clothes off?" Candy asked. "Do you want to watch us shitting on the plates?"
Hilda looked at me as if I should decide, and I said, "Yes, definitely."
"Good," said Hilda. "Do that first, and then I have another idea I want you to do."
Candy and Gina were wearing miniskirts and low-cut blouses, which they took off, along with their bras and panties. Sadia arranged a piece of plastic sheeting next to the bed and placed the plates on it a few feet apart. Hilda and I got comfortable sitting on the bed, my arms around her from behind. When the girls were naked they squatted over the plates, strained a bit and soon were filling them with their poop. Both girls said they hadn't shit since early the day before, as per Sadia's instructions, so had quite a nice amount to give. Gina went first and defecated a long almost continuous log that curled around the plate; Candy produced a number of smaller turds that piled up on top of and next to each other. Their shit was about the same dark-brown color and close to each other's in consistency.
"That's not only going to taste good, but should smear very nicely," Hilda declared.
"Is there any way we could lick their assholes clean?" I asked to anyone in general.
"Normally, I'd say fine," said Candy, "but your faces are all covered in shit already and that'll get all over us. We really ought to stay clean for later. The guys we'll be with might get pissed if they're eating our asses out and smell shit on us."
Into anal but not scat; what a waste, I thought. It would have been nice, licking them clean, but it wasn't the end of the world.
"Here's what I'd like you to do next," Hilda stated. "Just a bit of role playing. Put the covers on your plates and go over by the door. Sadia, what I would really like is if they went out in the hall with you, just long enough for you to knock and come in with them."
I laughed and said to Sadia, "We had a little adventure ourselves in the hallway earlier, looking nearly the way we do now. It must have got Hilda to thinking."
Sadia and the girls agreed to the plan, and Hilda told them, "When you come back in, act like you're room service and bring the plates over to the bed. Then when you reach the bed, with a big flourish, take the covers off and present your shit to us. We'll take it from there. Come into the room together, but Gina, you come over to us first. Candy, you wait."
Sadia looked out the door and checked the hallway, and they all went out. We heard the knock, and they immediately entered. "Room service," announced Sadia, playing her role. Gina came over to us and in front of Hilda's face, lifted the cover off her plate. "Just for you, madam," she said trying not to sound too corny. Then the fun started.
Employing some of the dramatic techniques used in her scat shows with Veronica and Nancy, Hilda gushed ecstatically over the shit on the plate, and leaned her face above it to smell deeply. She broke the long log in half and held it near her mouth. Then looking at Gina and with exaggerated dramatic flair, slipped it through her lips and into her mouth about three inches. She slid it in and out like it was a cock, relishing the taste. I was sitting right behind her so after a while she turned slightly and put the log in my mouth. It was earthy and a bit bitter, but delicious all the same. She left the log in my mouth and reached for the other half still on the plate.
Holding the turd up to Gina, Hilda asked her, "Sure you don't want some of this? A lick maybe, just a taste?"
"No, thanks," she responded quickly. "It's all yours. Enjoy." And they laughed. Then Hilda began playing with the log in her mouth, sliding it in and out, rubbing it profusely on her tongue. This was a bit much for both girls, and they looked away. But Sadia, who was staying mainly in the background, stepped forward and stared at Hilda with longing.
"Save some of that for me, okay, for later," she said. With the turd in her mouth, Hilda signaled with her finger for Sadia to come closer and shit-kiss with her. When she hesitated, Hilda removed the log and lightly admonished her, "Kiss me, bitch! You know you want to. Don't worry, I've got a spare toothbrush you can use if that's what you're worried about."
"Fuck," she said, "in that case, I will!" Hilda put the poop back in her mouth and Sadia gave her a full-mouth smooch, getting shit all in her mouth and over half her face. She broke the kiss off and hollered, "Yummy! Yummy! Fuck yes!" Hilda leaned over onto me then and we shit-kissed, too. As I've mentioned several times, having shit in our mouths, kissing with it, sucking on it, anything, both of us love to bits.
After we kissed for a while and smeared the shit over us, Hilda sat up to inspect Candy's turds close up. She looked at them, tasted one, and handed me another one to suck on. It tasted more pungent than Gina's, more flavorful in a bittersweet sort of way, and I loved the smell. Hilda told her to dump the turds off the plate onto my cock, which she did, and Hilda began to smoosh them up on my fast-rising member before sucking me.
Sadia saw this and demanded some of that, too. But first she said to Gina and Candy, "Okay, ladies, that ought to do it. You can clean yourselves and get dressed now and I'll take you down." It was while they were dressing that Sadia told Hilda to hold my cock for her so she could suck it briefly and not get her clothes dirty. She took me deep into her mouth, but did this for only a short while.
Sadia told us, "I have to take Gina and Candy downstairs and finish paying them and then sign out for the night. Then I'll be back. Should take about fifteen minutes. You said you had a spare toothbrush?"
"Yeah," Hilda answered. "In that red toiletry bag on the counter. It's got a green handle. Are you going to leave your face looking like that? It's cute."
"I wouldn't mind, but Noah, who's going to be taking over next, might object." The girls finished dressing and Sadia got herself decent again.
"Have fun at the party later," Hilda said to the girls.
They said "Thanks" and Gina added, "It was fun, and we're usually around if you're ever in need of us. You two are some scat fiends, all right. We've done this before and seen all manner of shit lovers, but you two are top guns. By far." And they all left.
There was a mirror on the wall across from the bed, and I looked at the two of us in it. There wasn't much of our bodies that wasn't coated in shit by this time, even our feet. "Top guns," I said, amused. "Quite the compliment. They don't give out medals or anything, do they? Is there a scat Olympics held every four years somewhere we could enter?"
Hilda chuckled, "I don't know. You'll have to Google it."
I wondered a little about the arrangement with Candy and Gina and asked, "How much did they cost you? Gina and Candy."
"My treat," Hilda said. "You don't need to know."
"I'm curious, that's all. Come on, how much?"
"A few hundred, okay? No big deal."
I smiled and shook my head. "Amazing! A few hundred bucks to take a shit on a plate!"
"It's Las Vegas shit. Special, you know?"
I pulled her closer to me. "Yeah, I know. It was special, just like you. Thanks, sweetie. You're the best, you know that?"
A few minutes later Sadia walked back in carrying a small bag. She was already kicking her high heels off and unzipping her dress. "I hope you two aren't ready for nighty-night yet, because I'm still raring to go. Here's a little something extra in case we run short." She took a plastic container filled with saved shit from the bag and put it by the bed.
"No," I answered. "That was just Act 1. That container looks very inviting."
"You decided not to use that big space on the floor, I see," she said, letting her dress slip down her legs.
"We just sort of gravitated toward the bed," Hilda replied, "had started getting it all messy before we thought about it. Do you want we should use the floor now?"
"No, that's okay. The bed's softer, anyway. And big enough. You'll just have to change the sheets before retiring. I'll help you." She was naked now and stretched out on the bed. "Where's that log I told you to save for me? Start covering me! I feel all exposed without a layer of shit on my body."
It was obvious to see why Sadia had the reputation for being such a great scat queen, it was like second nature to her and she was totally into it. We took turns at first hugging her, wiping the shit from our bodies onto her. Wanting more, Sadia reached for the container she'd brought, opened it, and showed us four hefty logs neatly arrayed. We each picked one up, leaving the last for later, and after tasting them (to me her shit tasted like what I imagined primeval mud might taste like, bitter-rich and deep and heavy, serious shit) began slathering them on Sadia. It's true that some scat enthusiasts enjoy ingesting it more than anything, but most scat lovers I've met crave the feeling of it on their bodies, love to cover themselves in it, cherish the ecstatic sensations they derive from it as it's smeared all over them. We were no exceptions. I was at Sadia's pussy, Hilda her tits. The poop spread easily and lavishly, and Hilda had her tits covered in no time. She sucked them deliciously and buried her face between them until it was covered as well. I massaged my log across her lower belly and down her thighs to her knees, and finally to her pussy and between her legs to her asshole. The shit, as it broke apart, was creamy and velvety, and it smeared perfectly, leaving a nearly black layer over everything it touched. Sadia broke her log in half, put one half in her mouth to suck and spread the other half over her face and into her hair. She looked magnificent; in fact, all three of us did now.
Positions changed. Sadia sat up and crawled over to me and stretched out on me in a 69. I buried my face in her ass, and she took my cock in her mouth. Hilda knelt next to us and smeared Sadia's back with globs of poop, down into her ass crack, which I proceeded to lap up. Sadia, of course, hadn't shit yet, and this she decided to rectify now. She sat more directly up on my face and spread her ass cheeks wide apart, rubbing her asshole on my mouth. I circled my tongue all around her hole anticipating what was soon to follow. She strained and I could detect a turd peeking from her sphincter; I quickly got my mouth in position to receive it and soon it cascaded past my lips into my mouth. The similarity in taste and texture to the saved log of hers I had sampled earlier was uncanny, hardly a difference between them, this log being only warmer and fresher. It filled my mouth, and Sadia added to it with three additional smaller turds. She also peed a bit, the golden liquid trickling over my neck and chest to the bed.
Hilda immediately bent over my face and put one of the turds in her mouth. She spread most of the rest on my face, hair, and neck and also smeared some on her own tits and face. We kissed, a deep shit kiss, delighting in Sadia's logs. Sadia, meanwhile, had turned around and inserted my cock in her pussy, riding me for all I was worth. When Hilda and I finished kissing, Hilda sat on my chest facing Sadia and shit-kissed with her as well. All of us were lost in an alternate universe of sexual enthrallment, our beings focused strictly on the rapturous thrill we were experiencing, all the filth, the decadence overcoming us. It wasn't long before I erupted in Sadia's cunt, and as Hilda sucked her tits and Sadia fingered her own cunt, my cock still inside of her, she climaxed, too. We collapsed into a heap of arms and legs onto one another.
My head was spinning like I'd just gotten off a rollercoaster. One of Sadia's legs was lying across my chest while Hilda's torso was partly under my face. I grabbed both and held them close to me, kissing them. Hilda rubbed one of her hands through my hair and over my face, her other hand resting on Sadia's pussy. We stayed like that for quite a while, gradually regaining our strength and composure.
We rested and made small talk for a while, and then Hilda remembered there was a fourth log in the container we hadn't used yet, and it would be a shame not to put it to use.
Sadia grinned and said, "Sounds to me like somebody hasn't come yet and wants to, and is thinking how that log will make it happen."
Hilda smiled and maybe even blushed, though it was impossible to tell with all the shit that covered her, and denied it, even admitting she had come earlier "before you even got here, Sadia, a nice little orgasm."
Sadia jumped all over that response. "Little, see, there's the rub, she said 'little.' That just won't suffice, will it." Before she could answer, Sadia was reaching for the container and I was getting Hilda on her back. I spread her legs and put my mouth to her pussy and started licking her. Sadia took the log, broke it in half, and dangled it in front of Hilda's mouth, tempting her to suck it. The other half she gave to me to use on her pussy. I mushed it up and spread it all over her and began eating out her pussy in earnest. Hilda, overjoyed with this development, caressed her own tits with both hands, and then moved one down to her pussy, her fingers joining my mouth. When things got crowded there, I removed my mouth and inserted a finger deep up her cunt, while she rubbed her clit hard. Sadia continued to thrust the log into her mouth like a cock while sucking the other end herself, and with all that going on, Hilda soon spasmed several times, moaning and sighing in satisfaction.
We rested some more and then decided we'd better start cleaning up. We stripped the soiled sheets off the bed and put them in the black bag in the bathroom. Then we ran the tub, adding extra bubble bath liquid provided by the hotel ("I picked it myself," said Sadia, "because it's the most aromatic I could find."), and all three of us got in the shower. Halfway through showering I got out for a second to turn the tub off, and then finished showering. When we had the shit off us, all three of us got in the tub for a good soak. While we lazed in the water, enjoying the soothing sensations, the girls paid special attention to cleaning inside their pussies.
It was then that Sadia made her pitch.
"I have a proposition for you, if you're interested," she said, her tits and hair covered in soap bubbles. "For Friday night. There's a party of twelve booked into the Cleopatra Suite, and they've requested a scat show. Nothing fancy or elaborate, just like a warmup for them to get scatting themselves. Something for them to look at and get excited over. It would be the three of us. Two hours minimum, though you could stay as long as you like."
"Would it be interactive with them or do we scat-play separately?" Hilda asked.
"I know most of the people who'll be there," said Sadia, "have scatted with them before. No health issues, that's all been verified. They for the most part are middle-tier scatters, into it, but not totally obsessed like some people I could mention. Body smearing they like, tits and asses, but the rest would be like a typical straight orgy. They want to see us go all out, hold nothing back, so they can be mesmerized by what we do, but won't try to copy much of it themselves. They're a nice bunch of people, early forties, typical people-next-door types, but here looking for a good time a little beyond the normal boundaries. And loaded. That might be the best part: it's $10,000 for just the show, $20,000 if we intermingle."
"I say we intermingle," I stated, "and not because of the extra money."
Sadia laughed and said, "Based on what I just experienced with you, I'm not surprised to hear you say that. He's quite a find, Hilda."
"He actually found me, to be honest. Right place, right time. We seem to suit each other, don't we, hon."
"Perfectly," I replied.
Sadia smiled in agreement and said, "Well, what do you say? Can I count on you?"
Hilda and I looked at each other, and I enthusiastically nodded my head. "Sounds good to me," I said.
"Sure, Sadia," Hilda added, "we'd love to. James always wanted to participate with me in a scat show, so here's his chance."
"Good," Sadia said. "A variation of what we did just now together should satisfy everyone, we'll just spin it out a lot longer. No complaints about that, right?" We agreed with her there, and then she asked, "Just the show or mixing? Your call."
"I already told you what I'd like," I said. "How about you, Hilda?"
"You heard the man. All in. We'll split the money $13k for us, $7k for you."
"Thanks, Hilda, that's nice of you. The next time you're in town and it's not on the company dime, I'll treat you to a night out. Provided, of course..."
Hilda interrupted her there and laughed, "Yes, of course, we'll all scat together later." That made all of us laugh.
***
We fell into a routine over the next few days: attending the conference for most of the day, where we would often split up and then meet up again for a long lunch break; dining in the evening somewhere special; going to a show, maybe, or spending time in a casino; and then heading back to the hotel and time alone together. In addition to the light-blue minidress, Hilda also had brought a red single-shoulder deep cutout dress that showed her legs off beautifully as well as her breasts, just like the blue dress did. She wore one or the other of these two outfits at night, and she was pretty much the center of attention wherever she went.
We scatted in the bathtub together on Wednesday evening, both of us frantic with desire to do so, though wondering how much shit we'd have to play with after the night before with Sadia. We shit in each other's mouth from a kneeling position, not as much as we usually do, but adequate enough to pleasure us. I insisted we use most of it on Hilda. "Listen," I told her, "I love being smeared with shit, but even I have to admit that seeing you covered is a lot more erotic and thrilling." She relented, but only if she could slather my cock and suck me off. It turned out we had more than enough shit to nearly cover both of us, at least the most important parts. It was a very drawn out, leisurely session, and we made up for lack of quantity with quality usage. We spent a long time sitting in front of one another rolling logs in our hands and putting them in each other's mouth to suck and smearing shit on each other's face. I experimented with massaging her tits and ass, mainly, discovering just the amount and kneading force necessary to make her body gleam. I pissed in her mouth and on her tits, and was happy to see the shit was embedded enough on her skin that it didn't wash off.
We wanted to fuck, and I said, "Let's go over to that spot on the floor Sadia keeps pointing out; it'll give us more room and make her happy." I had Hilda kneel on a towel I brought with me, and I got behind her. I buried my face in her ass once again and tongued her asshole, fingering her pussy at the same time. I straightened up and pushed my cock into her cunt as she pushed back to swallow it in. We fucked like that for a long time and then I very slowly pulled out of her. I could feel her pussy walls grabbing me, as if trying to keep me inside her. When I was out, I reached for a small piece of log that was on the floor nearby and rubbed it along my cock, plastering it with it. Then I fucked her in the ass, her body collapsing onto her belly on the floor, my cock sliding deep inside her. She was tight and felt wonderful on my cock. Her moans grew louder and my balls pounded against her ass cheeks as I thrust in and out of her. I felt her shudder on my cock, and then I erupted, shooting several spurts of cum up her ass. When I pulled out of her, a small stream of liquidy shit mixed with my cum flowed out with me, and Hilda, almost in a crazed state of ravishment, turned around and said she needed to eat my cum and began licking it up off the plastic sheeting. It was astonishingly sensuous and thrilling to see her like that, and I made her share it with me in my mouth.
We decided that this would be our last scat session until the event on Friday, though we would still enjoy sex with each other when we wanted. We would even prepare for Friday by thinking about our diet for the next two days and taking a laxative or two when the time was appropriate. I was familiar with most of this routine, though Hilda had it down to a science due to her scat-show preparations. Both of us were primed and ready by the time Friday evening rolled along.
Sadia was already waiting for us when we got to the Cleopatra Suite a little after 10 p.m. She was wearing a pink-colored thong and nothing else. Everyone else in the suite was variously dressed, from camisoles and slips and black stockings to totally naked. A few pieces of furniture that had occupied the center of the room had been moved aside, exposing a large empty area, over which had been laid a large plastic cloth. A leather couch had also been draped with protective covering. Several towels were strategically placed as well.
Sadia took us into the bedroom where we could remove our clothes. "Everyone's here," she said, "and they appear eager to get started. I'll pick a spot near the middle of the floor so people can move all around us. Any ideas on how you want to start?"
I had been thinking about this and spoke up right away. "I'll lay down on my back and one of you sucks my cock while the other shits in my mouth."
Hilda chuckled, "Mr. Expert here has it all worked out. We'll just follow his lead."
"Nice and slow," Sadia reiterated. "They want to see us going to the extremes, and enjoying all of it, like we never want it to end."
"So what else is new?" I said. "Nothing hard about that."
"Everything is informal," Sadia stated. "When we go out we should mix with everyone, say hello, let them kiss us or touch us if they want, but not too sexually, not yet. They might sit real close to us during our show, maybe even ask to touch or even join in. Touching is okay, for me anyway, but I would discourage them from getting physically involved with us, tell them we'll do that later with them if they want."
Hilda grinned and noted, "Then again they might be so eager to start scatting or whatever themselves, they forget we're even there. But don't let that fool you, someone's eyes will be checking us out throughout the show. Probably the one who's paying us."
"I don't expect any trouble there," Sadia said. "I'm well-acquainted with the one paying us and as I mentioned, I've partied with some of this gang before, and they're a good bunch. Besides, I've got their credit card numbers from check-in." That was meant to be a joke, and we all laughed. Sadia continued speaking, "I've got a watch on and I'll confirm when the two hours are up. The after-show mixing is for another two hours, but might be more socializing than anything else."
"I hope not," I said.
Hilda chuckled again and said, "His goal is to fuck all the women and hopefully get a few of them to shit in his mouth."
"Someone's reading my mind again," I laughed. "It's scary how you can do that, Hilda."
"Oh, it's easy with that one-track mind of yours."
Hilda was wearing an aqua-colored thong, and I had on a black men's one that Hilda had thrown in our suitcase just before we left home. "I'm glad I brought that," she said, "though I thought you might be wearing it at the swimming pool late at night." The big question was whether Hilda and Sadia would wear heels or go barefoot. In my perfect world, for women of a certain age and within particular physical dimensions, it would be illegal to wear clothes or shoes of any sort, so when they decided to leave their shoes behind, I was happy.
A bar had been set up in one corner, and when we walked out, we headed for it, stopping to say hello to people and introducing ourselves. There were five couples (spouses or lovers), or so it seemed, and two others who had come alone. One couple was already scatting off to the side, her tits and arms nicely smeared in dark brown shit. We each got a drink at the bar and continued to interact with everyone. They were a friendly crowd, as Sadia had said, and very attractive. They were older than us by a decade or so, but the women were shapely and pretty, and very sexy. A few women put their arms around me and kissed me, and one naked woman pulled my head to her breasts for me to kiss while slipping her hand into the front of my thong. Despite Sadia's earlier warning, I didn't discourage either act. Her name was Rose, and I told her I would definitely see her again later.
Sadia found a good spot for us to do our show, and I lay down on my back on the floor. The two girls danced around me a bit and then removed their thongs. They knelt down by me and Sadia slipped my thong off as well, and took my cock in her mouth. Just about everybody had gathered around us, some sitting down only two or three feet away. We all had taken laxatives several hours earlier, and Hilda whispered to me that the urge to defecate was very strong now and wasn't I about to get a special treat! She straddled my chest facing my feet and then moved backwards until her ass was over my face. She squatted low and rested her asshole on my mouth. We maneuvered around until all was lined up just right, and I tongued her asshole, drenching the outside with my saliva and pushing through her sphincter as far as I could. She asked if I was ready and I said "Mm-hm," at which point she raised her ass off my mouth about twelve inches and strained her muscles slightly. A turd began inching through her sphincter and moving down towards my mouth; I opened up and in it slid. It was thick and long, a perfect log in my book, and tasted bittersweet but not strong. Hilda's shit was always delicious to me, and this was no exception. I took it out of my mouth so I could accommodate the next log to follow, just as thick and long as the first. After this she peed over the log in my mouth, which dribbled down my chin to my neck.
She left the log in my mouth where it was and took the first one she had produced, broke it in half, and spread one of the halves onto her tits and neck. Many in the audience were riveted to the action unfolding, sometimes whispering favorable observations to each other. One woman who was sitting close to my shoulder asked Hilda if she would put a small piece of her log in her mouth; Hilda tried ignoring her at first, but when she insisted, she was about to relent. A man interfered, however, and told her to leave us alone, that he had what she wanted. They moved off together, and I lost sight of them.
When her tits were covered, Hilda shared her log with me in my mouth, sucking it with me, and then proceeded to spread much of it on her neck and arms until they were covered. She did this slowly and deliberately as she straddled my body, enjoying the feel of it on her skin.
"You really like the way that feels, don't you?" another woman sitting nearby asked her. She said her name was Molly, and she, too, was massaging a small amount of shit on her own breasts. Where she got it from I couldn't say.
"I love it, Molly," Hilda responded. "It feels so creamy most of the time, and the smell is so intoxicating."
"I know, and so filthy, too," Molly admitted. "I think I like the filthiness of it most, the thought of doing something so disgusting to myself and craving it so much. Your hands are so lathered in your shit, you wouldn't mind touching my tits with them, would you, make them dirtier than they are?"
Hilda looked at me and then back at Sadia, pondered for a second, and said, "I think I'm just going to ignore that advice you gave, Sadia."
.
"Good idea," I told her. Sadia didn't say anything, maybe because she was too busy sucking my cock.
Hilda reached her hands out to Molly's tits, wiping them thoroughly on her and on her torso as well. To Hilda's surprise, Molly took one of her hands and rubbed it on her face, licking her fingers off. She was really into it, loved smearing Hilda's dirty hands all over her.
"Listen," Molly said speaking to all of us, "I know you're in the middle of your show, but if you let me get dirty with you, I can make a nice contribution. Sadia, we've scatted together before, what do you say?" Sadia had temporarily ceased sucking me to hear Molly out and had a chance to look around. Most people were already involved in some serious scat play with one another, groups of three or more defecating on each other, sometimes in someone's mouth, and smearing shit everywhere. This, from the surprised look on Sadia's face, hadn't been the case in the past.
"What's going on, Molly?" Sadia asked. "I don't remember you all being this gung-ho with scat play before."
"Dedication and practice, I guess you might say," Molly chuckled. "We started having more scat parties with each other until we were almost like one of those scat clubs you hear about, and the desire to be filthy just skyrocketed. We also had the good fortune to meet Gianna and Ray, she's the redhead over there, and he's around somewhere, he's got a goatee that all the women love, there he is. If they look familiar it's because you've seen scat videos of them online, they're big into that, and they have a few of the rest of us doing that, too. Some didn't like how we were progressing in leaps and bounds and left, but those of us who stayed, well, without meaning to brag, are close to giving the likes of you and your two companions" (she meant Hilda and me, of course) "a run for your money."
"I can see that. I wonder why Terrance hired me for a scat show?" Sadia asked. "I thought we'd be an inspiration for you all, but it looks like you don't need much of that."
"Sadia, Sadia," Molly uttered soothingly, taking Sadia's hand and kissing it once. "We all love you, love how you treat us here, and you're always an inspiration. You three will help keep the juices flowing for all of us, I'm sure. I just hope you're willing to join in and scat with us as much as you would with each other."
"I certainly am," I assured her. "In fact, I think we all are."
"Good," replied Molly. "Keep doing what you were doing and then come join us. I would promise we'll try not to interfere with your show, but I'd be lying. Have fun with us, okay?"
Sadia looked at us and there suddenly appeared a fire in her eyes. Hilda saw it, too, and seemed to instinctively know what Sadia was thinking. "Molly," Sadia suddenly said, determination in her voice, "I'm really happy to hear what you just told us, happy that many of you find scatting so rewarding and exciting. But beneath your words I can't help but feel challenged. So in that spirit, we are going to put on the best fucking scat show you've ever seen, and you're going to be part of it. Maybe others will join in later, but, you're up first." Then to Hilda and me she added, "Come on. Let's move over there more in the middle of things. Remember the other night, how wonderful that was? Well, that was just a springboard for what I'm imagining right now, a warm-up drill. Got me?"
I felt ready to burst. "I fucking read you loud and clear, Sadia," I bellowed.
Hilda laughed. "Oh, shit. Where's my seat belt!"
Sadia snapped at her. "I've seen you in scat shows in this town before, bitch, so I know the last thing you'd want is a seat belt to hold you back."
Still laughing, Hilda gave her a left-handed military salute and said, "Yes, ma'am."
The four of us crawled over a bit to nearly the center of the room. "Have you ever shit in anyone's mouth yet, Molly?" Sadia asked.
"No, not really, just on..."
"That's fine, because now you're going to. Right in mine. Come here and suck my tits, I want to fucking eat your pussy and ass until you're ready to shit." Hilda sat in front of me, most of her body from the waist up in front and her arms already coated in poop. Molly was kneeling next to Sadia sucking her tits, and Hilda moved up to Sadia's face, offering her shit-covered tits to her. Sadia sucked them greedily and then told Hilda to let Molly have a taste. Molly enthusiastically licked her nipples and tongued all around the flesh until the lower half of her face was covered in shit. With Sadia's help Molly arranged herself, her ass specifically, over Sadia's face and Sadia began licking her pussy and asshole. Hilda straddled Sadia's lower body facing Molly, and both caressed the other's tits in between sucking them. I stood up next to them, my cock at mouth level, and they took turns sucking me and slathering my cock with shit.
Others began to reassemble around us, especially after Molly started shitting in Sadia's mouth. Molly's partner, Ken, excited to see her smeared with so much shit already and such an integral part of our proceedings, knelt at the top of Sadia's head, his mouth right next to hers, licking Molly's log as it entered Sadia's mouth. This was another scene Sadia could hardly imagine occurring in the past, Ken sucking Molly's log with her. After they shared, he broke part of it off and offered it to Molly, and they both sucked it like a cock. He finally had her spit it out in his hands and he used it to coat the rest of her face and shoulders.
Seeing Hilda still kneeling across Sadia's lower body, I crawled up behind her and kissed her ass, burying my face and tongue in her cavern. I tongue-fucked her asshole getting it nice and wet, and then rammed my cock inside. It slid in effortlessly and she pushed back so I would go in deep. My fucking her ass stimulated her and when I pulled out briefly another two turds swam out of her onto the floor. I picked one up and smeared her ass with it, soon to be aided in that endeavor by Rose, the woman I had met earlier. She smiled at me, part of her face covered in shit as well as her tits, and kissed me before putting her hand on Hilda's ass to help me spread her poop around. She stuck her tongue in Hilda's asshole, wiping her face all through her crack, and then kissed me again.
Seeing the second turd on the floor, Rose grabbed it and smeared it on her own ass, totally covering it in dark brown luxuriousness, pushing pieces of it up her hole. When finished she stood and stepped over Sadia's body behind Hilda and rubbed her filthy ass up and down my face. I spread her ass cheeks wide apart and stuck my tongue up her ass, only to feel the shit she'd rammed up there come rushing out onto my tongue. I was in ecstasy. I savored it for a while and then spit most of it out and coated her back with it.
So, for the second time, it seemed, we had tried to present a scat show, one that would be exceptionally nasty and messy, and our audience refused to cooperate and insisted on participating with us. Less than an hour had gone by and already a full-fledged scat orgy was taking place in the Cleopatra Suite. During a short break, as Sadia sat with me and we painted each other's faces in brown waste, she reiterated how pleasantly surprised she was with how much everyone was into scatting now. "See that blonde woman with the large pink rose tattoo on her forearm, that's Celia, and she used to be one of the most reluctant to get dirty in the past; it took her quite a while and not a few gin-and-tonics to get her even a little dirty. Now look at her." She was sitting on her husband's cock, both of them almost completely plastered in shit, sucking on a log in one hand while smudging her face with another log in the other. She looked radiant and having the time of her life.
Hilda was with two women at the time, the redhead Gianna and a woman who had bubble gum-pink dyed hair whose name we didn't know. Hilda was lying on her back, the other two sitting on either side of her, with a huge pile of pasty shit on her upper belly just below her tits that the three of them were dipping their fingers into and spreading on each other. They were engaged in a lively conversation with lots of laughter, until Gianna put her face right into the pile as if it were a cream pie in a silent movie comedy and then kissed the pink-haired woman smack on the lips, tongues out. The kiss lasted a long time, and Hilda contributed by taking some of the shit in her hand and wiping it in their mouths when they ran low. Amazing. It seemed as if roles had switched, with our audience putting on the filthy scat show and we becoming their spectators.
I also saw something that I'd rarely seen before, though Sadia said it was more common now at scat orgies, and that was two guys getting it on, although it seemed part of a bisexual hookup with two women. One guy, Anthony, was fucking Doug in the ass while Doug lay on his back with Olivia stretched out on top of him sucking his cock. Lying next to Anthony was Rose, who would finger and sometimes lick his asshole and also suck his cock when he withdrew from Doug's ass. Anthony eventually came in Doug's ass, and as Rose ate his creampie, Doug came in Olivia's mouth.
As at all good parties, everyone was having so much fun the time flew by. Our four hours were up, however, and we could leave now if we wanted. Sadia went to speak to Terrance to make sure all was well.
"Either Sadia is just a very savvy businesswoman, determined to keep whoever's paying her happy," I said to Hilda, who was sitting next to me in my arms while we waited, "or she and Terrance are special in some way; they were really hot together earlier. She ate his ass out brilliantly and took all his shit right in her mouth. It looked like she swallowed it, too."
"Sadia loves scatting so much, it's hard to tell," Hilda replied.
Sadia finished talking with Terrance, hugged and kissed him, and came over to us.
"Everything okay?" Hilda asked.
"I was a little worried he might not have liked that we didn't do a two-hour show, despite everyone interrupting us, but he said our mixing with everyone so nicely made up for it."
"So, there's no problem with the money," Hilda said.
"No. In fact, he's going to pay a little extra so we can split it $7k each and also give more to the maids. I think he had a good run at one of the craps tables the other night, which has made him feel generous. I like Terrance a lot; he's a good guy."
Hilda and I smiled a little at each other.
"You can shower and leave whenever you want," Sadia said to us. "I'll catch you tomorrow with the money. I think I'm going to stay."
"What do you say, mister," Hilda said to me. "Stay or leave? Did you fuck all the women yet and eat their shit as planned?"
"Who is that woman with the pink hair you were with? I haven't fucked or eaten her shit yet."
Hilda smiled devilishly and said, "Good question. Nobody seems to know her name. She might be a ringer, Sadia. Maybe a spy planted by the suits who own this place who have heard all about your scat-queen reputation and the filthy parties you allow here."
"Don't worry," I said, playing along with Hilda's joke. "I'll find out who she is. Just before I let her drop her shit in my mouth, I'll force her to tell."
"There you go, Sadia," Hilda assured her, grinning, "Wonder Boy, my fabulous shit lover, to the rescue." Then she turned to me and added, "Speaking of which, I hope you have some shit you'd like dropping inmymouth. You haven't done that yet. I'd like that."
I put a really concerned, perplexed look on my face and said, "You're making me choose between Ms. Pink Hair and you. So unfair, Hilda. Really."
"Fuck him." Sadia said to Hilda, referring to me. "Let's you and I go over to Terrance, he'll give us all the shit we want."
Hilda went to stand up and, of course, I pulled her down again. "Not so fast, lady. Get over here." I held her close to me and kissed her. "It just so happens I might have what you want, but you'll have to work for it."
"Work, how?" she asked smiling.
"Tongue and finger work, lots of digging with both."
"In my favorite gold field?" she asked happily.
"Of course." I looked up for a second and noticed that the couch was unoccupied, and an idea flashed across my mind. "I have an idea," I told Hilda. "Come with me." We made our way over to the couch.
"You know that video you love so much," I said, "the one where the one girl shits in the other girl's mouth while kneeling on a couch? Why don't we do the same thing here. I'll be the shitter." Hilda smiled and agreed that would be great. I knelt on the couch and she knelt behind me. She ran her hands all over my ass, pulling my cheeks apart, and then started licking me. "Don't forget your fingers," I reminded her, and she inserted one and then another into my rectum, stimulating me. After a few minutes I told her I was ready and she lay on the floor, her mouth a few feet below my ass. Having defecated earlier with Sadia I knew I didn't have a lot left to give, but could feel I had some and it was on its way out. It was more than I thought I had, in fact, and consisted of two medium-sized logs, maybe four inches each, and both landed in Hilda's mouth. She put one of her hands to them to keep them in place, and almost instinctively fingered her pussy with the other one. I got off the couch to join her. I lay partly on top of her and we began sharing the turds immediately. They were semi-soft, dark brown, and we both relished their taste and texture.
Suddenly I heard a voice. "That looks so delicious, Hilda. That whole scene was beautiful on the couch, so fucking sexy. I love it when my girlfriend does that with me. I'm Nina, by the way; I'm not sure I told you that earlier." She was the pink-haired woman, though quite a bit of her hair no longer showed pink and like her hair, her body was mostly covered in shit as well.
"I'm James," I told her.
"Yes, I know. Everybody here knows both your names now."
Hilda removed the log from her mouth and said, "James was just talking about you, Nina, deciding whether to hit on you or not."
"Really? That's nice, James. I hope you would have. Can I share some of that shit with you?" Before we could say anything she was licking the turds that Hilda and I both now held in our fingers. She held my hand and inserted the log into her mouth before grabbing it with her own hand and sliding it in and out sucking on it. Hilda went back to sucking her log, and Nina shared with me.
"Mmm, I love the taste of this, don't you?" Nina asked. "It makes my pussy want to explode."
"Hilda and I love it, too," I said. "It's our favorite thing to do." Then Hilda did a very sexy thing. With what was left of her log, she took it and wiped it slowly and sensuously across the top and front of her head and then down across her face, smearing the softened shit onto herself. She moaned softly as she did it. Seeing this, Nina reacted wildly, putting her face to Hilda's, telling her how incredible that looked, and kissed her repeatedly on her face. Hilda kissed her back, rubbing her face all over Nina's. The two women embraced, caressed each other, sucked each other's tits, fingered one another's pussies.
Nina began saying something, sounding not quite coherent in her ecstatic state, something about Molly receiving most but not all of her shit earlier, that there was still more inside of her, and she was going to give it to Hilda right then. She got off Hilda and squatted next to her, put her hand under her ass, and defecated a creamy log into her hand. She was going to smear it on Hilda's body, but I grabbed her hand and asked her to put it in my mouth instead.
"Do it, Nina," Hilda implored her, smiling. "He told me he wondered what your shit tasted like. I'm sure he wants to fuck you, too."
"Always happy to oblige," Nina said grinning, and breaking her offering in two, wiped half of it on my mouth, pushing her fingers inside. She tasted fruity sweet and pasty-like, and the smell was delectable. She spread the other piece on my cock, getting it hard as she stroked it. I urged her onto her knees in front of me, and with the remnants in her hand she coated her ass and between her legs with it, especially her pussy and asshole. I licked her holes to get them nice and wet, delighted with her taste and the filthiness we were indulging in, and then I inserted my cock into her. I plowed first into her asshole and after several thrusts I switched to her pussy, and then back again.
Hilda lay on her back in front of Nina and arranged her pussy at her mouth level. With the leftover pieces of my log in her hand, she coated her pussy with them and arched her back so Nina would have no trouble eating her out. After fucking her back and forth between her holes several times, I decided to remain in her ass. Our breathing rate increased greatly and Hilda and Nina were moaning loudly when within seconds of each other we all came, my cum shooting into Nina's rectum. As Hilda came she squirted into Nina's face, drenching her. Nina said that was the first time anyone had ever done that to her, and she loved it. She loved drinking piss and this was just like it. In fact, she asked if either of us had to pee and if so would we do it on her, and we both ended up accommodating her. Nina was a hot scat-loving bitch, no doubt about that, and we spent more time with her and also with Olivia and Doug. Doug was truly bisexual and relished getting it on with men, often with Olivia joining in. Once, while Hilda was engaged in a threesome with Rose and Sadia next to us, Olivia ate my ass out while Doug sucked me off, a first for me. We had a magnificent time at this scat orgy and ended up staying much longer than the four hours required. It was already dawn by the time we made it back to our room.
***
The next day, our last full one, we slept until noon. We ordered breakfast through room service and decided to spend the afternoon, now that the conference was over, poolside. We were enjoying our breakfast in bed when there was a knock at the door, and it was Sadia with the money promised us for the show the night before.
"How's the Cleopatra Suite?" I asked. "Did it survive the mess we all made?"
"Yeah, no major problems," she replied. "Everybody had a great time; you two made quite an impression."
"It was fun," Hilda said. "I've usually never mixed in with the crowd during a scat show, but that was fun."
Sadia glanced at a wedge of toast Hilda had left on her plate and asked her if she minded as she picked it up. "I'm starving and haven't had a chance to eat anything yet."
Hilda asked her, "Can you stay for a while?" Then she raised the sheets off of her, revealing her naked body. "Come sit on the bed with us."
"Fuck, don't tempt me like that. You know I'd love to, but it's crazy downstairs today and I have to get back."
"Maybe later tonight?" Hilda offered.
"Yes, Sadia, that would be great," I put in.
"I'll see, but I can't promise. I'll call you, okay?" We said that would be fine and she left.
I looked at the money which was nicely folded in a manila envelope. I told Hilda we must be two of the lucky few who leave Las Vegas with more money than they came with.
"You know that ugly couch you have?" she declared. "Some of that money is going toward replacing it."
"You don't like the couch? It's great for scatting on. Leather, soft, nice and big..."
"And ugly. I'm sure they make scat-friendly couches that look nicer than that one."
"I'll check it out on Amazon. I'll search 'scat-friendly couches,' see what they have."
We finally got up to put our bathing suits on. Hilda wore a turquoise bikini that was so tiny I joked that I needed a magnifying glass to tell what color it was. She told me not to look if I didn't like it, which, of course, was missing my point completely: how could I everstoplooking! We commandeered two chaise longues and ordered two pina coladas, ready to laze away the afternoon. We decided that later that evening Hilda would don that light-blue minidress again and we would go to one of the mega-hotels and spend some time and money in its casino. We compromised on the amount of new-earned money we would allow ourselves to splurge (throw away was the term I used), though Hilda reminded me how it would be worth it getting to show off that dress again and how much of her body it didn't cover up, which was plenty. It was hard not to agree with that. We also talked a little about the Farallon Conference, which we both thought was rather a disappointment.
"If Garrett wants to send some people from the office next year, tell him to pick someone else," Hilda said. "Unless..."
"Unless what?" I asked.
"Well, I was talking to Molly last night and she said they all come to Vegas at least once a year, often twice, to scat at Sadia's hotel. If the Farallon is the same time they're all going to be here, then he can send us."
"Maybe I'll get in touch with the Farallon organizers and give them Molly's number so they can arrange an appropriate time. Save us the hassle."
Hilda looked at me and laughed. "You're just full of brilliant ideas today, aren't you?"
"That's why you like me so much, isn't it? I mean why else?"
"Exactly," she laughed. "You're just lucky all these people are around or I'd take a big bite on your ass."
"Now who's got a brilliant idea?" I said and leaned over to give her a smooch.