This is another response to requests for stories. Dean I hope you like it.
*****
Catherine totally surprised me last week. I had a good old buddy over for dinner. We used to work together every day, and really enjoyed each other, but since I changed jobs we hadn't seen each other in five years.
I had mentioned Cesar many times to Catherine and how handsome he was and how much women loved him. But I don't think she really gave my assessment much credence.
Anyway Cesar had gotten back in touch with me by phone and I invited him for a barbeque. He is single and came alone. Catherine was fine with the idea of entertaining my friend.
Caesar's mom is a French Canadian beauty and his dad is a Columbian model. He grew up in Columbia and speaks English, French and Spanish all very well. He was a semi-pro soccer player in Columbia.
He may be the most charming and handsome young man I have ever met. He is 42 years old with black hair, black eyes and dimples and he looks like a model himself. Every woman who meets him just falls in love with the guy. They don't seem to be able to help it.
Apparently Catherine was not immune to his charming personality either. I began to pick up on this after he had been at our home for a couple of hours.
We had a wonderful barbeque of chicken and steaks and we had a few glasses of wine as well. I could tell Catherine loved him the minute she saw walk in the door. He handed her a bottle of wine and a yellow rose and gave her a hug and said he had heard about her a million times from me as was so looking forward to getting to know her.
He said I always told him how much I loved her and how beautiful she was, and meeting her in person he could see why I loved her, but that she was even far more beautiful than I had told him. Catherine was thrilled and flattered, almost giddy.
We had so much fun talking and laughing and enjoying our meal on a wonderful summer night. After her third glass of wine, I noticed Catherine taking the conversation in a very unusual and different direction.
She said, "Caesar, you were so kind to say I was beautiful but I certainly do not think I am beautiful anymore."
"Oh, how can you say that Miss Catherine? You are so gorgeous! Your husband here is so fortunate to have you as his lovely wife. What could you possibly be unhappy about?"
"Well there are many things I would change in my body. I am even thinking about getting some plastic surgery."
Just then Cesar excused himself to use the restroom. I looked at her with a quizzical look and she gave me a little wink back and had a huge smile on her face giving me a "just wait and see" look.
Cesar returned to the room a few minutes later and said, "I am sorry I had to step away. "Now, please Miss Catherine, getting back to what you were saying; I cannot believe you would even consider any plastic surgery. What could you possible wish to alter on your lovely self?"
"Well I'd better get Michael's permission before I talk about anything personal. Is it okay with you to for me to discuss some personal thoughts Michael?"
"Sure Honey, Cesar is a trusted friend and perhaps his opinion will have some influence on you."
"Well Cesar, I will be frank with you. There are three areas I would like to have taken care of. One is a breast enhancement, one is to remove cellulite from my derriere and the last one, I am not sure I should discuss."
I spoke up here and said, "Sweetheart! I have told you a million times, you have the most perfect body and no reason at all to make any changes. And you do not have any cellulite, not a bit anywhere and your breasts are perfect the way they are. I would never want them changed in the least."
"Well thank you Michael. You are always so loving and kind, but you must admit you are biased. I know you love me so much and you would love me no matter what, but love is blind and I think that you just can't see my flaws Michael."
"Well then, if you won't take my word for it, you just need to hear it from someone else. You can ask anyone Honey. What do your sisters and friends think?"
"Oh, Michael, I would never ask them. First I would not ever let my girls friends see me, especially for the third thing, as they would tell their husbands what I look like and plus they would never tell me the truth anyway. And I know my sisters would never say a negative thing to me. No matter how I looked they would say I was fine."
"Well then what you need is someone to tell you that you are fine and do not need any changes made. Who do you think could give you an honest answer you could trust?"
"First I know I would be a little embarrassed, but I was going to go to a plastic surgeon to get his opinion. I even have one I planned to go to."
Cesar spoke up and said, "With all due respect, my dear Miss Catherine, their goal is to sell you all the work they can. They would be the last persons I would trust. And tell me. I am so curious, what is the third thing? It cannot be your face as yours is among the prettiest I have ever seen in my life."
"Oh! Thank you Cesar! You are too kind. Well, okay, if you must know, the third thing is labia- plasty. I would like my labia trimmed to make my vulva smooth and even."
Now I have to add here that Catherine's pussy is the most perfect pussy and the prettiest I have ever seen, including all pictures I have ever seen. So I realized she possibly was setting this up give us a look at her. I remained silent."
"Miss Catherine, I cannot imagine that part of you would be something you would want to change. I am sure you are as beautiful there as every other part of your lovely female form."
"Oh, I don't think so. I am insecure about my looks. I used to be so confident, but as I have gotten a little older, I am losing my confidence I am afraid."
"Honey, I think Cesar has made a very good point about going to the surgeon for his opinion, as he has a vested reason to sell you the work. And if your girlfriends and sisters are not ones you can go to and you think my opinion is biased, how about having Cesar tell you. He would be honest."
"That makes some sense, I admit, but he would only say what you want him to say."
"Oh no, Miss Catherine! I would never compromise my word in any way. I would only tell you the absolute truth. You have my solemn word on that."
"But could you look and do it in a totally non-sexual way? Do you think you could just look at me and give me your opinion without seeing me as a sex object?"
"Oh yes, I could do that. But only if it is agreeable with your husband of course."
"Michael what do you think? Do you think that is a good idea?"
"Well it is a little unusual, but since you seem bent on doing it otherwise and you have ruled out girl friends, family and me; I guess Cesar is the logical choice."
"O.K. I will do it. It may be embarrassing for me, but otherwise I will have to do it for a strange doctor and I don't know him and I already feel like I know Cesar quite well and can trust him. And hopefully this will not take too long anyway. Are you sure you don't mind Cesar?"
"No I will be honored with your trust and I promise to give you a completely honest answer Miss Catherine. Are you two both sure you are okay with this? I don't want Michael punching me out later as I have seen him do that to guys before and I don't want that to happen to me."
I answered him. "No I am sure Catherine and I are both fine with this my friend. If there is any guy I trust to do this, it is you. So as long as Catherine wants to proceed, I say let's do it." We both looked at her to see her reaction.
"I just want to get this over with and get an honest answer. I am tired of being so insecure. It will finally be a relief either way."
I got us all another glass of wine and made sure our drapes were closed and we had complete privacy. Then I joined Cesar on the couch and Miss Catherine stood in front of us. The tension was building and I could feel her excitement as well as Cesar's and mine.
Catherine took a drink of her wine and then took a deep breath and standing in front of us began. She was wearing a classy tank top, and dressy shorts with a matching bra and panty set underneath. She also had medium heel sandals on.
"I absolutely do not want this to be a sexual thing at all so I am going to go fast. And I am leaving my shoes on so I am not totally naked."
Then my lovely, perfect, sexy little wife pulled her top over her head and laid it on the chair behind her. She reached behind her and unsnapped her bra and pulled it away from her beautiful breasts. She laid the bra down too and stood in front of us with her fabulous puffy nipples and firm breasts.
The sight nearly took both of our breath away. We have been looking at this lovely, sexy woman all night, imagining what they looked like and now here they were right in front of us.
"Well Cesar, please give me your honest opinion. Do they need enhancement? Be honest now!"
"Miss Catherine, your breasts are a true work of art. Your skin is flawless and creamy. Your two breasts are so symmetrical. Your nipples point straight out and both your nipples and areola are pink and youthful looking. The overall shape of your breasts are so exquisite. They even look firm. They are magnificent."
"Are you sure? Don't you think they need to be bigger and firmer?
"No they seem perfect to me. I would not change them at all."
Moving right in front of Cesar and sitting next to him, Catherine said, "Here, feel them and tell me if they need to be firmer. Are you sure they aren't too mushy?"
Cesar looked at me with a look that asked permission. I nodded and he reached out with both hands and putting one on each lovely breast he began to feel them.
"Oh, these feel wonderful!"
"Don't be shy, I want an honest answer. Play with them a little and make sure they aren't too mushy."
Cesar began to squeeze and move and bounce and touch them all over. Catherine's nipples got hard as bullets and we all noticed, but didn't say anything.
"No Catherine, I would not have a thing done to them. They are perfect, trust me! Perfect!"
"But maybe my nipples taste funny or are too soft when sucked on and I should have them fixed. Do you mind terribly testing them for sucking? Is that okay Michael? I want to know everything."
"Of course you do Honey. I assure you they are fine, but go ahead Cesar, give her your opinion."
Cesar happily bent his head down and took each nipple in turn into his hungry mouth and sucked first gently and then hard on each one. Catherine began to moan and had to push him away.
"You will have to stop Cesar if we are to keep this from getting sexual. I hope you understand."
"Of course Miss Catherine. Let me assure you that Michael is one hundred percent correct. These nipples are perfect and wonderfully suckable. No need for any changes here either."
"Oh well thank you!" Catherine replied as she stood up. I am feeling a bit better already. Let's keep going."
Standing back up, and with her back to us, Catherine slowly slipped her dressy shorts down her legs and stepped out of them. Then she slipped her little panties down her legs, bending way over, displaying her long muscular legs and perfect bubble butt and pussy. Stepping out of her panties she stood up and backed up to Cesar.
She poked her fanny out and said, "See, isn't this butt too big and don't I have cellulite on it?" She continued to shift her hips side to side and even bounced up and down on her toes a bit to make her firm butt cheeks bounce tantalizingly. She further stuck her perfect little, round, curvy, soft, silky, bubble butt out for him to see.
"No Miss Catherine! It is not fat or too big at all! And there is zero cellulite in sight anywhere on your body and especially not on this fine, firm butt of yours. All I see is the finest little bubble butt I could have ever dreamed to see."
"Are you sure Cesar? Touch it and squeeze it and see if the cellulite shows, will you please?"
I could not believe I was seeing this shameful display of teasing a young man and of my normally modest wife obviously having so much fun showing off her perfect little body. I could see how much she was enjoying this, but she was doing an fantastic job of looking very serious and like this was just a medical procedure or no different from showing Cesar some dishes or plates or antiques. I just looked on amazed.
Cesar was obedient and began to touch and squeeze and caress the lovely white butt cheeks of my gorgeous wife. She was loving it too.
"What do you think? Do I need work on it?"
"Oh, Miss Catherine! I have never felt a more perfect derriere in my life. I only wish you were my own wife and I could touch this fine fanny of your every day and night! No do not alter this work of art a single; bit!"
"Okay, but how about the skin? Michael loves to kiss my bottom. Please kiss it and tell me if the skin needs softening."
At this point Catherine bent over and offered her perfect bare bottom to Cesar for a kiss. He got on his knees and buried his face in her butt cheeks and then kissed and kissed it. Moving to each cheek and kissing all over them both. Catherine looked right at me and made a face like she was about to orgasm.
Finally he finished and said, "Oh no worries at all in the silky soft kissable department. Your bare bottom is the silkiest I have ever kissed and I have kissed quite a few."
Catherine announced, "Oh thank you Cesar! You are so kind to help me out like this and I am now feeling much better about myself. But I still have one area I need to confirm. She had turned to face us and was covering her pussy with her hand. But her fine boobs were still right before our lucky eyes and with each breath she took the moved slightly up and back into place. It was hypnotizing to observe. I noticed that one of her nipples had returned to the fun puffy look and the other was still big and hard like a bullet! So cool to see them together like that!
"Well here is the one I am really concerned about." She moved her hand and showed us her pussy. We both stared at it and loved it! I know there are many wonderful pussies in the world and I think they are all beautiful, but I have to say Catherine's pussy really is the prettiest I have ever seen.
"What do you think Cesar? Do you agree my pussy lips need to be snipped?" She stepped her feet apart for a better view. He pussy was shaved except for her little triangle strip above that points to her clitoris, Miss Clitty.
"Oh no! no! no! no! NO! Catherine! Your husband is right and you are mistaken. You have a perfect pussy. I can barely see your inner lips at all. And what I can see of them is exactly the right amount!"
"Well maybe you can't see them with me standing like this, but how about this? Come over here close please Cesar."
My beautiful naked wife sat in a chair, slid her bare bottom to the edge of the chair, placed her feet, in the high heels, on the edge of the chair just outside her hips and spread her perfect pussy as wide as it would go and invited Cesar to come and inspect it.
Cesar obeyed and knelt down in front of the chair.
"Okay Cesar, I have heard how you have been with hundreds of women. Get in there and touch and move and inspect my little pussy and let me know how I can improve it. That is if you don't mind."
"Oh, this is a true honor Miss Catherine!" He looked at me again, glancing over his shoulder for a sign.
"Oh please look and be thorough Cesar, or she will still have doubts and go do something dumb. Make sure you make sure it is fine, if you know what I mean?" I gave him a little licking sign and he smiled and turned back to Catherine who was grabbing his face and moving it in place.
Cesar took a few minutes to touch Catherine's pretty little pussy all over. He touched and pushed and squeezed her outer lips and then he began to touch and play with her inner lips a lot.
"Catherine laid her head back and moaned a bit, "Oh Cesar, you are so good at testing out a pussy. Please continue to let me know if it is pleasurable to be near." Then she pushed her pussy forward while pulling him into her and he got the message.
Cesar began to pull her hood back and kiss and lick Miss Clitty like they were old friends. Then he licked her pussy very forcefully from her clitty all the way down to her taint and back. He continued this motion alternating trips down from her clitty from one lip to the other lip making sure each of the outer and each of the inner lips all got equal time and attention.
Catherine was beginning to buck her bubble butt up and down and squirm her hips side to side, but Cesar held on like a rodeo pro and he even slipped a finger into her pussy, expertly turning it up and finding her gee spot like he had gee spot GPS and inside of a minute
I was watching my wife enjoy a fabulous orgasm from the mouth of a handsome young man right in front of me in my living room.
When she was done she caught her breath and Cesar went back to his spot on the couch and she closed her legs tightly and gently rubbed her pussy as she cooled down.
Between pants she said, "O.K. ... Cesar ... can ... I ... Assume ... That means ... You ... think ... My ... Pussy ... is fine ...as it is?"
I was laughing and she was then laughing and Cesar said, "Oh Yes Maam! You have the finest pussy I have ever tasted or seen and I would never, ever make any changes to it at all!"
"Well thank you Sir! You have been a huge help and proven my husband to be one hundred percent correct and I feel a million times better and will abandon my idea of any plastic surgery thanks to you to men helping me out tonight!"
"I am so happy I could help. It has been my true pleasure!"
Well the rest of the evening Miss Catherine treated us to her naked beauty, asking us if we "minded" if she remained in the buff as she explained that she had gotten quite used to it and frankly was enjoying all the attention. We both agreed she should do what made her happy.
She did spend the rest of the night giving me frequent kisses and hugs which gave Cesar frequent views of her bare bottom and several of her pussy from behind so he didn't seem to mind.
At about one a.m. Cesar left. We both gave him a hug, but I think he liked Catherine's more because she shoved her bare breasts into his chest and grabbed his hands and placed them first on her breasts for a good-bye feel and then on her butt cheeks so he would give them both a nice last feel as well.
As he drove down the driveway, she stood in the doorway and waved, completely naked.
One second after his car was gone, she grabbed me and dragged me full speed into the bedroom and nearly ripped off my clothes. She was already naked so she concentrated on getting me in the same condition. My lucky member has never found himself buried in her super fine, tight, pussy so fast in his life. And I had to hold on for the ride even though she was the one who was doing all the riding.
As we were falling asleep, sweaty, exhausted and as happy as can be, she whispered, "I think that went well tonight, didn't you Honey? Let's have him back for dinner again soon." Then she kissed me and snuggled up, rubbing her bare pussy on my leg, smiling with her eyes closed.
I think that little game of hers got her a bit excited. Don't you?