Paddleboat
After our day hiking at a State Park, we stopped into the lodge for some Tomato soup at the deli. While there, I noted an advertisement for a day long paddleboat river cruise. As it was fall, the leaves were starting to change colors and the scenery was fantastic. I mentioned there was a cruise tomorrow and you headed right over to the hotel receptionist behind the counter.
You asked if she knew anything of the cruise and she stated it was a fantastic trip. She also told you the cruise tomorrow was far from being full because it was originally booked for a special event that cancelled at the last minute leaving the cruise 90% empty. It would not have run had it not been for the few tickets that were already sold. She also stated she had tickets here for the ride if we were interested.
You looked at me and booked the trip. Since the boat was mostly empty, she gave us a discount and a free drink ticket. Since we did not plan on staying, we also booked a room in the hotel lodge for the night.
We ate dinner in the lodge great room where it was fried chicken served family style night. After our meal we walked around outside of the lodge holding hands and looking at the stars. You mentioned we had not packed an overnight bag so we would have to stop in the little store at the lodge. As you shopped, I wandered around the hotel lobby. You exited the store with your purchases, and we went to our room and retired for the night.
The next morning, we had to be on the boat by 7:30 am for breakfast. You came out of the room dressed in a zip-up Starved Rock Sweatshirt with a lightweight cream top underneath. You purchased a short pair of shorts with wide leg openings. You often wore this type of short because you have such toned legs and a nicely shaped butt.
We drove the few miles to the dock and pulled into a nearly empty parking lot. As we approached the entrance, I studied the mastery of the paddleboat. It was an 1800's era reproduction with modern amenities and in excellent physical shape. We crossed the gangplank and were greeted by several staff members including the captain. He introduced a few crew members including the first mate who was a stunning slender Latino.
The Captain welcomed us and said it will be a light crowd, however they promise this will be a great experience for us. One of the ship stewards escorted us to the dining room and said the captain will address us as a group in a few minutes. He stated the breakfast will be buffet style while the staff filled our water glasses.
As promised, the captain entered the room and addressed the thirty of us. He joked that the crew almost outnumbered the staff on this voyage and apologized for the small crowd but stated the show must go on. He again promised a delightful cruise and then walked over to the buffet line and described every item in humorous detail like the rolls are light on calories because they cook them with helium, the stuff you put in children's balloons.
He stated there were not many activities other than sightseeing on the river as this was a special event cruise that had their own entertainment. But he assured us all our needs would be met by the able-bodied staff. And with that, he told us to dig into the buffet and of course to have a splendid day. As I looked around, the crowd was mostly older retirement age individuals.
The buffet was well stocked with food however in smaller quantities. The variety was everything you would expect including a full assortment of fresh fruits. After two trips we decided to go out on the deck as we were moving full speed ahead. One of the staff motioned us to the upper deck for a better view and to get away from the crowd. We went up a staircase going to a secluded upper-level deck above the dining area.
The view from the upper deck was very romantic. The tree colors were varied depending on species. The noise of the paddles was soothing as they gently beat through the water. One of the stewards offered us reclining chairs on the deck. He placed my chair facing forward and yours directly across from me. He brought me coffee and noting you had a drink ticket he asked if you would like something from the bar. A virgin bloody Mary you responded. Oh, so you are one of those virgin types of people. Sometimes, they are the craziest people he joked as he went to the bar.
As he returned with your drink, you noticed a small amount of a sprinkled substance on the rim of the glass. He told you to lick that up first and then take a drink. It is a sea salt that will entice the taste buds. You did as you were instructed, but didn't really feel it was very salty, more of a bitter taste.
He mentioned the ship had many areas in which there were great views. I would be happy to show them to you. As the boat paddled down river, we noted the other guests pretty much stayed in the dining room. One gentleman was playing the piano and entertaining the small crowd. We could have gone back inside but could hear him from where we sat.
The sun had warmed the air and really felt good. You unzipped your sweatshirt, removed it and laid back on your lounger. The combination of the bright warm sunlight and the thinness of the material on your top clearly showed the shape of your breasts. Your nipples were poking into the top and from my angle, I thought I could make out the darker pink of your areola. I wondered why you were not wearing your bra but who am I to complain.
As you sat up in the lounger, I could see your red panties and a bit of your pussy through your leg openings. I was going to say something, but there really wasn't anybody here to enjoy the view but me. One other couple came out and they received the same service we did from the deck steward, right down to the women's drink. They were a younger couple than we were and were more dressed for the beach than an early fall paddleboat cruise. You told me you think the steward must have forgot that your drink was a virgin drink without alcohol because you were suddenly feeling "different". I told him he thought you were the virgin and winked at you.
Thinking of splashing water on your face, you said you would be back and went down the steps to the restroom. As you walked away, I could see how thin the material was on your shirt as I could almost count the freckles on your back. I thought if anybody met up with you, they would get a view of your frontside.
I stayed on the deck and read my book losing all track of time. About an hour later I went down the steps to the bathroom and did not see you. I asked a woman coming out if there was anybody else in there and she said there wasn't. I walked the entire ship when I found you coming out of the cabin area on the lower deck. You said the drink made you lightheaded and some nice crew members opened a cabin for you to lay down. Your hair was a mess, so I just figured it was from laying down and the wind. You stated you saved something to talk to me about later.
As we went back, one of the stewards told us lunch was again a buffet and was ready whenever we were. So, we stopped and ate quickly as he said the ship would be making the U-turn soon and we did not want to miss that. Back up on the deck we took our seats on the lounger.
The young couple beside us were now both tanning and had been for a while based on the number of empty glasses. The fellow was shirtless and in shorts while she was topless only wearing what I thought was a bikini bottom with a decided camel toe. You told me later it was her panties. Her breasts were perfectly shaped for he figure with small nipples. I hope you don't mind she said. With it being so warm and peaceful and all, the steward said it would be fine. And when I saw your top, I figured you would be okay with it. As she laid back in her chair, I noted how well shaped she was and how she was not shy about her nudity even standing up by the rail at one point.
About five minutes later, the steam whistle blew, and the staff all stood at the railing around the deck. The couple that was sunbathing stood at the rail. She was still topless and not the least bit concerned with covering her breasts. The ship paddlewheel stopped, and mechanical engines started up turning the boat around the other direction heading back to the State Park. Once we were facing the right direction the paddle wheel restarted and we were on our way back.
For the first time, I looked toward the rear of the boat and noted the control office was just above this deck. The area was well staffed for the turn around. I remember thinking to myself they always had a full view of this deck. Maybe I should have told my wife she did have an audience. I think the other woman on the deck already knew that fact and played along.
I commented to one of the stewards what a marvelous piece of metal this boat is, and he offered me a tour. Not wishing to miss the chance, I looked over at you and you said to go ahead, you would be fine. And with that, the steward motioned to another steward on the deck. He asked the other steward to make sure all your needs are met as she is a special lady today. I overheard the steward making small talk with you as he handed you another drink. As I walked away, I glanced back at you and noticed your red panties were still visible through your leg openings covering your pussy, or so mostly.
Below the crew quarters was a whole new level of diesel engines and generators. There was a small crew there to watch over the operation. Six Cummings engines and two Caterpillar generators keep this boat moving down the river he stated.
I spoke with the crew and shared my experiences with them. With that, one of the men asked if I could maybe look at the engine that was not running. Again, not missing an opportunity, I dived right in. Within an hour we had it running and all dialed in. The operator threw the switch, and it sprang back into service, pulling some of the load from the other engines.
The operators thanked me and showed me how to get back outside. We walked through the crews' quarters, and I noticed what bars used to call a "panty tree". Late in the evening the women would lose their panties and whoever took them off, could hang them on the shrine to show their conquest.
I went back to the deck afraid you would be upset. You were not in your chair, so I asked the fellow seated next to us if he had seen where you went. He said one of the Stewards handed her an envelope that you believe contained photos or maybe postcards. She looked at it and after a short conversation, they went below deck. He was not sure but believed he heard something about deck 2 room 6.
As I went down the stairs, I came across two ship stewards and the female first mate that were joking with each other. One of the stewards was wiping his forehead with what I thought was a red handkerchief and when he saw me, he quickly put it into his pocket. I asked him where I would find deck 2 room 6 and they just looked at each other. One of them pointed down the hallway on the left side as they hurriedly climbed the stairs.
I gently knocked as I heard you softly say come in. As I entered, I noted how well the room was filled with natural light coming in through a wall of windows that displayed the beautiful fall colors. You were standing naked in front of the windows with your back to me. You never acknowledged my entry other than bending over, exposing your ass and pussy with a little bit of cream oozing out. I moved in behind you and wrapped my arms around you cupping your bared breasts.
I moved my fingers circling your nipple. I pressed you tight into the glass, your breasts pushing tightly into the cool surface leaving a smudge. You must have done this earlier while waiting as there were other marks on the glass next to us. You placed your arms and hands on the glass above your head. I pushed tighter into you placing my hand between your legs.
I stroked your folds between your legs feeling your extreme dampness. You coo with delight as I play with your love button. You reach back and tell me to fuck your brains out now. You push back from the glass slightly and bend further over. I take the hint and release my penis which has been ready and waiting. I move my shaft up and down your folds and find you're very well lubricated opening. I place the tip into your opening when you push back hard engulfing me with one thrust.
The sounds of the suction as I pull back and the slap of my balls is a sound of great lovemaking. As I pull back, I notice my penis is covered in milky white fluid, so I assume you already came once. I kept up this motion while you whimper with pleasure. You said "I thought you wanted the other hole" as you lose the strength in your knees and crumble to the floor. You turn towards me and act a bit surprised.
You coo and then pull me fully into your mouth. You work my shaft and ask me to let you know before I come. As you continue to work it harder, I feel I am about to come. You say I can't be done and place me back in your pussy to finish me off. You run the pace in a crazed abandon milking me with your internal contractions. In the years we have been married, you have never performed like this or been this wet.
I back out and you run two fingers deep inside yourself and take the milky white fluid to your lips. I like the taste of you, you say. You push me back on the edge of the bed and straddle my shaft facing me. You slide down over me and place your left breast at my lips. You point to some cum that dripped on your breast and state you plan to wear this trophy on your chest for everyone to see as you rocked up and down.
You roll over spreading your legs pushing out a huge puddle of cum on the carpet. You spread your legs wide and told me to finish the job but in your ass. This is something we have done a few times before, but you really had to be turned on to do it. I rolled you over and taking my place between your legs, I lubricate my penis with the cum oozing out of your pussy and line it up with your entrance. I'm not sure what got over you but you took very little time adjusting to my size and had me all the way in in no time. You rocked me back and forth as I unloaded into your ass this time.
Your swollen pussy is fully engorged from the activity and your opening is gapping open. I gently pushed two fingers in you pulling out a load of cum and tease you inside while I play with your love button. I can hardly believe I pumped you so full. Your knees start to shake as you throw your head back and orgasm for the final time.
Utterly exhausted, we got dressed and return to our deck chairs walking hand in hand. Your breasts and pussy and ass felt somewhat sore, and your nipples were still fully erect and poking thru your blouse.
As the boat neared the end of the journey the staff all reappeared on the deck one by one. You leaned over and told the couple next to us you had been all over the boat and highly recommend it for a multi-day cruise that is also offered. The cabins were spacious with comfortable king size beds. Most of the rooms had windows overlooking the river you noted. And the staff was very good at what they do. The couple next to us stood and got dressed, the woman putting her bra in her purse. She leaned over and told my wife it looks like the staff serviced you well based on the stains on your top. And dear, she said, your headlight high beams were on, and it is a good look for you.
The whistle blew as we slowly were guided into the dock. As we neared the gangplank the crew was all there to see us leave the boat. You recognized many of the faces and noted the second mate had her blouse buttoned wrong exposing a breast through the gap in her blouse. As you passed her, she leaned over and gave you a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
The captain met us and pulled us aside. He stated the crew would like to have both of us back for a complimentary night cruise for my help with their engine problem and you being such "good company" for the staff. He apologized for the somewhat disorganized activities, but we are a different boat when we have a full crew.
He also apologized for not being able to spend more time and really get to see more of you. He said his staff had high regards for you both. With that, he handed me the vouchers and wished us smooth sailing. As we exited the boat you turned and waived to several staff members. That is a friendly group I stated to which you turned toward the crew. Yes, they are you stated, yes, they are. They really were a full-service group taking care of all their customer's needs.
What really happened during the time you were gone at the restroom.
You later admitted to me the crew had drugged your drink as you remember stumbling down the stairs. Somehow you ended up in a cabin where you think you passed out on the bed. They videotaped and took pictures of you as they removed your sandals and then your top. You were braless and your nipples sprung up to attention with the first touch. While you said you don't remember much, they later showed you the video in which you seemed very groggy but somewhat alert to what was going on.
On the tape one of the crew was overheard saying "she is really out of it but very cooperative". You said the activity was soft core porn with no intercourse. You evidently gave a blow job to one of the guys while one pulled your panties aside to eat your pussy and played with your pussy lips. He finished by inserting a couple of fingers into you. In the video, your wide-leg opening shorts and panties never came off, however you do remember how wet your panties were when they finished with you. One of the guys took a lot of pictures on his phone. They left you to sleep it off making sure you were not gone long enough for me to be worried.
Later, when I went down to the engine room, they must have drugged your food or drink again as you were feeling very lightheaded. One of the stewards began showing you the pictures and asked if you wanted them posted on the internet. If you came with them, they would let you keep the photographs and let you erase the tape.
Feeling there were no options, you went with them back to the same cabin. You remember stumbling down the stairs as the drug once again kicked in and feeling like you were looking in on the party rather than being the life of the party.
Again, you were foggy on the details, you just knew it led to intercourse with multiple male crew members and even one female was in in on the action with you. When I asked if you recognized any of them you stated you weren't sure. You recalled that when you got into the room, the female stood behind you and stripped off your top, and sandals. She squeezed and pulled on your nipples causing you a little pain.
I like when you wear a thong as you have the perfect little butt for them. Today was no exception and the room responded well to that fact when the first mate stripped off your shorts. She mentioned what a pretty ass you had as she slapped it several times leaving a red mark on your butt cheeks.
As she removed your red thong, you stumbled and fell backwards onto the bed. She commented how wet they were and the wonderful smell. You didn't already fuck her she asked the steward next to her as she handed him your thong. No, he replied, we know the rules.
Two of the men were already naked and placed their penises on either side of your face. You reluctantly alternated sucking on one while stroking the other. You said there always seemed to be a penis of various shapes and sizes waiting for your mouth.
By this time, your nipples were fully erect and never returned to their normal size during the rest of the trip. You had a trim and tight little body with pleasing firm breasts but larger erect nipples. Several in the room commented on their size and seemed to enjoy caressing them. You had to admit, they were a little bit sore after all the attention.
The female lifted your legs up on her shoulders and commented something to the tune of checking out the competition. Two of the stewards came up and each held a leg up in the air. You learned that day that depending on how far apart or up and down they held your legs affected the sensations you were about to have. She remarked you were smooth shaven and maybe even waxed.
She said your pussy was bright pink, very wet, open, and ready for some good fucking. She reached down and inserted two fingers into you. As she began to move her fingers around inside you, she said ""Honey, just lay here and enjoy the ride. You are about to become a cum dump for my crew. We have established rules for ourselves but the rules for you are simple. No screaming, no spitting out, just swallowing, and last, you must hold everything in your pussy, no pushing it out.
It is our plan to fill you completely up so we will have to make up for any you lose, and I have a limited staff". She looked around the room and said, "you guys are going to like this one". One of the other stewards said something to the tune of "I'll be the judge of that" as he took her place between your raised legs.
As he entered your pussy, he commented how tight and wet you were already. He said "I think she wants this, guys" as he went balls deep pumping you with a fervor. He was unforgiving pumping you hard banging up against your cervix which was at first painful and made you whimper. He didn't last long and quickly filled you with a stream of cum that you could feel hitting your womb and then running out of your pussy.
It appeared there were other rules established for their little party. You said that legs in the air and then later laying on your stomach seemed to be the fuck positions for the day. They were quiet and non-abusive. They took a picture of your pussy after each guy was through with you. Your pussy seemed to be the cum dump for everybody. No one pulled out or held back. With the exception of a few blow jobs, that is where it all ended up. Most of this really seemed like a blur to you.
You recalled seeing the female first mate naked and smashed up against the glass being fucked from behind leaving her breast imprints on the glass. When her partner came, he emptied into her pussy and a little bit on the glass before falling backward. That is why you were standing by the glass when I came in, you were cleaning it off.
One of the two men you were sucking pulled away from you and entered your pussy in time to release his load inside of you. The other steward unloaded at the same time in your mouth. When they were done, they each sat and watched the upcoming action, one of them playing on his phone, presumably his camera.
The female straddled your face and made you clean the cum from her pussy. She too was smooth shaven with longer lips and a vaginal opening that was slightly open. You could see a river of cum inside of her as it made its way out. Her darker skin tone really accented her deep brown pussy.
As she played with your clit, you licked the sweetness from deep inside of her. You had experienced a few other females in high school and college mostly playing games of "dare". While you had not been with another woman since you were married, you still remembered what it takes to please one. You had her into an orgasm in no time flooding your face with her juices. Dam you're a good little pussy whore she said as she lifted herself from you.
Even though it was a blur to you, you believed you were fucked by eight, maybe ten different guys total. At one point you looked up and saw a line of four guys waiting for their turn. One turned you over and tried to fuck you in the ass, but the first mate told him that hole was for the captain. So, he positioned you face down on your knees with your pussy up in the air and begging for more attention ramming you hard till he emptied into you.
The two guys that were first went for a second round each as you laid on your stomach. They were much more aggressive this time and a little bit rough. When one was done, the other slid right in and finished you off. He said you were so full he could hardly get in.
The first mate told you that you have a few minutes to go into the bathroom and clean yourself up a bit as you are dripping a gallon full of cum. When you are finished, go stand by the window and the captain would be right in. With that, she left. Most likely the two crewmembers I met in the hallway had their second round with my wife and the red cloth he was holding were my wife's panties on their way to the panty tree shrine.
I did mention to you later that evening that you lost your panties and you stated they must still be in the paddleboat cabin. The stewards were supposed to notify the captain it was his turn and I think my arrival ruined his plans. Hence the offer of the overnight cruise voucher. That is also why you were surprised it was me entering the room when I did and admitted you thought I was the captain until you turned toward me. I asked about the other hole comment you made during our session, and you stated the captain was rumored to be an ass man. Whatever became of the video or the pictures we will never know. I do know, we never did use that voucher.