Waiting in the car -- she watched as another car passed. It was a quiet road but not as quiet as she had hoped. But did it matter?
He pulled up in his car behind her. She took a swig of water. He swung out of his car and walked towards her passenger door, she could feel the wetness in her panties as he approached.
He sat down casually and they chatted, about this and that. She could feel the adrenaline soaring through her body, she was ready to have fun!
He was excited and ready to feel her wetness and taste her love juices. He moved towards her, she moved closer to him. Their tongues met, gently they played with each other's tongues. But he could feel her urgency.
He slipped his hand to her thigh, moved it up slowly, taking in the silkiness and smoothness of her skin. Her skirt fell to the side as he slipped his hand into the side of her panties. She was already wet, his fingers found the moist, warmth of her pussy. As he slid his finger in, he felt her tongue move with a little more force against his. He felt his groin twitch, she felt so good. She groaned as she kissed him harder with a driving desire to feel wanted like a sex goddess.
She moaned a little, as he explore her pussy with his finger. Slowly, softly and gently. She moaned louder, he pushed another finger in and rubbed her harder. He could feel her clit, she was so, so wet. He rubbed a little harder and faster. She stooped kissing him and gripped the side of the car sit.
'Fuck me!' she called out. She moved herself down the seat, opened her legs a little wider, gripped the car seat hard. Pushing her head back into the headrest. Moaning louder, he could feel her cuming...so wet, warm and tight. Aaahhhhhh...she came in no time -- she was so fucking horny and came so easily.
He pushed his fingers in deeper, harder. She squirmed a little in her seat. He could smell her juices, so fucking nice.
She gripped the back of the headrest as he pushed his fingers deeper and deeper into her pussy. Fuck he was masterful and skilful. As she gipped the seat he moved his fingers to her clit. Fuck she could feel herself, cuming again. She needed and wanted him to touch her tits. Without a word being whispered he slipped his spare hand up her top, she could feel his fingers through the lace of her bra. She released one of her hands and swiftly helped him, his hand fell as she by cupped and pushed up her right tit, clasped her own nipple and moaned out loud, she let go and allowed him to take control. His fingers squeezed the nipple.
She slipped her hand down so she could feel her own wetness, before moving her fingers in time with his. She wanted to taste herself, so she slipped her fingers out and raised them to her mouth. Tasting herself she could feel her body tensing as she wanted to burst, scream and shout. She was on the edge of her second orgasm. Fuck he was good......
Gripping the headrest with both hands, she felt herself release herself, as the wetness and pleasure heightened as he rubbed her clit.
'Fuck, fuck. Ahhhhhh!' she screamed out as she reached her climax. Her leg tingled and she tried to straighten it out. He hit the spot again, she came so easily. Her response, excited him, he could feel his cock stiffen as he felt her cum again.
He pulled his fingers out of her, his senses heightened as he smelt her pussy juice. She grabbed his glistening fingers and sucked them hard. As she released his fingers, she flickered her tongue across the tips before leaning forward to kiss him again. He responded with eagerness, and moved her hand to his groin. He needed to feel her fingers on his cock, just gently, he didn't want to cum yet.
It took so much effort for him to hold back, he was ready to burst but wanted to hold on for as long as he could. Hearing and watching her cum was fucking awesome. She was so sexy and hot. She didn't care about passing cars.
She touched the tip of his cock with her fingers. Fuck - that was so good. She was so gentle, her soft and delicate fingers touched the tip of his cock and his balls. She moved her hand up and down, firmly yet so gently. He kissed her neck, softly. Before he pulled her in close, he needed to be more aggressive to avoid cuming too soon. He pulled her forward and pushed her hair up. She was a like a fucking hoar, and he loved it.
He could feel the tension in her body, as she arched her back and softly moved her hand up and down his cock. He had to get it - in her mouth.
'Stop, I'm going to cum."
She pulled back.
"Shall we move - to your car?" She asked with that mischievous dirty look in her eyes, so blue and innocent but they didn't hide the slut within her.
He opened the door and climbed out. He moved to his own car, as she followed. Sitting closely together, he pulled his cock out without even thinking about it. Pushed her head down.
Her tongue touched the tip of his cock. He felt the hairs on his neck rise, as his body took in the pure pleasure of the wetness on his tip. Her tongue rimmed his cock. Flickered over the tip. He was in fucking heaven. Her tongue on his cock was heavenly. He squirmed and pushed his hips up, she obligingly opened her mouth wider and sucked him harder, yet gently.
Fuck, he needed this. He closed his eyes. He was in heaven!
His cock stiffened and twitched, she was fucking good...a fucking blowjob to remember. He pushed her head down hard, she gagged ... he loved to hear her gag.
At bursting point, he couldn't hold on any longer. He had too and wanted to let her taste him and enjoy his spunk. She didn't even flinch as he burst into her mouth! What a bitch she was! He loved it!