Next morning, Nisha again was ready for her bath in her panties. She started bathing. She heard her brother knocking on the door. This time she covered herself with a towel she brought and called him in. Irfan was disappointed to see his sister covering herself with a towel instead of her hands. He was visibly upset. Nisha noticed this and laughed inward.
She didn't wear the towel fully. She just had it in front of her. It covered her in the front alone from her chest to her knees. But the back side was bare. Since the towel was draped over her wet body, it started to get wet as well. They both noticed this. She knew this would happen since this isn't a thick towel. It was just a one layer cotton towel. She planned this to rule out towel as a possible way of covering herself.
"Hurry up. My towel is getting wet. Finish putting the water to heat and get outta here." she commanded.
He consciously made a slow effort to finish his work. He took occasional glances at his sister. The white towel was becoming transparent. It began sticking to her boobs and abdomen. He enjoyed the view. He could see his sister and restless. He didn't want to test her patience any further. He went to the toilet.
She started bathing again. She knew his brother was taking extra effort to look at her unclothed or partially clothed. She wasn't going to disappoint him. She didn't want to expose herself to him wanton. She wanted it to be an accident. She half hoped her brother would just barge in unannounced so that she will not be the one to blame.
Irfan called out from the toilet. She again covered her front with the towel. This time it became completely wet. It was sticking to her body like a second skin. Irfan was taking glances at her. He was trying to be discreet. She wanted him to look. She called his attention.
Nisha pointed to her towel and said, "Slowpoke, the towel got wet completely because you took your merry time."
Irfan was looking at her now. No, he was gawking at her. There she was, his sister almost naked. She was covering herself with a wet see-through cloth. She was calling his attention and he has an excuse to look.
"How am I supposed to dry myself with this towel. Get me another towel before I finish my bath. Go", Nisha ordered.
Irfan went inside the house to get her a towel all the while looking at his sister who in his mind didn't know was putting up a show. Irfan was going to get the towel as soon as possible, so that he can have another look at his sister. She was sexy. He didn't think of her to be sexy until then. Annoying was the word that came to his mind previously. He was so excited that he forgot to knock on the door before entering the backyard
Nisha meanwhile started to bath again. She was shampooing herself when she heard the door to the backyard opening. From the corner of her eyes, she could see it was her brother. His eyes looked like it would fall off. She was standing with her side facing him. Her full profile was visible to him. She was wearing only her black panties and nothing else. She also had her hands on her head shampooing. Her knees were buckling, she couldn't take the amount of adrenaline pumped into her body.
She didn't get to panic now. She pretended that she didn't hear the door opening. She used the shampoo as an excuse to close her eyes. She had it slightly open to see his reaction. He was standing like a statue. He didn't say a word. She wasn't sure if he was breathing at all. She continued to shampoo her hair. She gradually turned facing him now showing full frontal in just her panties.
He was in a trance. He was looking at his sister's boobs. He tried to speak up to alert her of his presence. No words were coming out of his mouth. He was mesmerized by the jiggling of her boobs. They were shaking in rhythm with her hands.
Nisha had never shampooed her hair this long. She continued to do so. She didn't want to face him. She was embarrassed. She didn't know how to react. She waited for him to make his presence known which he did eventually.
"He..here is your towel," Irfan stammered.
"Oh my god!" Nisha exclaimed startled, "what are you doing in here. You didn't knock".
She acted furious. She covered her chest with both her hands crossed. She tried to open her eyes but the suds were in her eyes for real this time. She closed it again. She shouted for him to leave.
"I'm sorry.. But your towel," he said.
She maneuvered her hands to cover her chest with one hand and extended her other hand. She didn't cover herself completely. Half of both her boobs were visible. He went to give her the towel.
"Just put it in the hanger. I can't put it with my eyes closed." she said acting embarrassed.
The hanger was behind her. He had to go close to her to hang it there. He got an up and close view of her soft parts. He could see the water droplets on her body. It was like looking at art. He put the towel in the hanger. Since her eyes were closed, he could getaway with looking at her however he wants. He was examining her body inch by inch. Her nipples were peeking out. He was more aroused than he ever was.
Nisha was aroused as well. She could see that her brother was getting a good view of her standing so close to her. She wanted this to last long. But she can't do that however without him realising her act. She splashed some water on her face and looked at him. He moved some distance from her.
Nisha shouted with both anger and embarrassment, "I am so embarrassed. How could you do this? You didn't knock. You just looked at me naked. How long were you looking anyway?"
"I'm sorry Nisha, I forgot to knock. I didn't look very long. I called to you as soon as I entered." he lied.
"Ok. Now get lost", she shouted again.
He left the backyard and went to his room. He masturbated in his room. One time wasn't enough. He masturbated again. He even feigned being ill and stayed home. He thought about what happened in the backyard repeatedly. Every time he got horny and had to take care of himself. He wanted a repeat of today.
The next morning, he consciously didn't knock on the door and entered the backyard. He tried to be as silent as possible. She didn't hear him at all. She was bathing facing away from him. He closed the backyard door. This sound she heard.
She thought that her brother was getting into it. He wanted to have look at her. She was excited by this thought. It made her feel special. She wanted to show him. She was wearing white panties this time which is partially see-through when wet. She started to soap herself. As she was soaping, she turned some and accidentally saw her brother. Now the show must stop as he had seen her looking. She immediately covered herself with her hands.
"What are you doing? You didn't knock today either. How long were you looking this time?" She asked sarcastically.
"I was.. I just came in. I didn't look long," he said.
"Don't lie. You had a good look didn't you!" She admonished him.
He didn't reply but had a sheepish grin.
"I was already embarrassed and told you don't embarrass me further and you went ahead and did it anyway. You always don't do what I ask", she said acting disappointed.
At the time she got an idea. Before she could change her mind she said, "You know what. I can't keep doing this. I can't keep getting frightened of you seeing me naked. Let's just get it over with"
With that she removed her hands covering her boobs and stood chest held high with her hands extended to her side, in front of her brother. She even turned around 360 degrees to show him her full body.
"Are you happy now? Is this what you want to see? I didn't sleep last night because I was embarrassed thinking about yesterday when you saw me naked. I can't go through it again." She said.
Irfan has his eyes lowered out of shame. "I'm sorry sis. I'll behave.", he apologized
"Don't act shy now. Look at me. I won't tell anything. In fact I feel better. I don't have to worry anymore. I don't have to hide anymore. You can come and go whenever you want without knocking." She replied.
She started bathing again without paying attention to her brother who had his full attention on her. He started putting the water to heat. He took his time doing it. After some time, he headed to the toilet. When he came out, his sister was still bathing, not paying any attention to him. He didn't say anything to her and left the backyard.
Nisha finished her bath. She immediately left to her room. She masturbated furiously and got herself off. Nisha then went to college. She couldn't wait to tell her friend what happened that day. Preethi was excited to hear the whole story. She needed a session herself to get herself off as well.
In the evening, Irfan still acted awkward around his sister. She on the other hand talked to him like nothing was out of the ordinary which put him at ease. He was behaving likewise.