Over the course of the next few weeks, the outfits for Bake Night revealed more and more and the touching increased. Danielle and I had decided that James had to make all the moves. I had stopped short of telling him that he could do everything he wanted but as I previously said, James is kind of shy.
Going into this Bake Night, we knew it would probably be the last. I had accepted a position with another company in a different area so meeting weekly wouldn't be an option. With that in mind I told Danielle that this needed to be the best on yet, and she agreed. I asked what she planned to wear and she said it would be a surprise for all of us.
Work seemed to drag on that day. James picked me up as he did each Wednesday for the last several weeks. He was aware of the pending move and said it would be sad that there would be no more Bake Nights. I told him that we needed to go out with a bang! He laughed a little nervously and asked specifically what it was okay for him to do. I told him that if she says stop, he needs to stop. Other than that, there are no rules. He asked if I was sure and I told him that her and I had talked about it and we both thought we were sure but wouldn't really know until we were in the moment. After our awkward conversation, we both popped a little blue pill that I had got from a good friend. We were in for the long haul.
We arrived at the condo and settled in. We talked about nothing in general until Danielle came out topless wearing only a very tine g-string. She came over and gave me a kiss and then gave James a little kiss. As she pulled away from James she rubbed the crotch of his pants. She shrugged and said "You're not hard yet. Don't worry, we will get you there." and walked away.
We sat around talking and joking for a little bit. Danielle was moving in such a way to intentionally tease both of us. I asked what treats we would be having and she said it was a surprise. As much as I like naked women and sex, I hate surprises. Maybe it is a control thing and maybe I just like getting ready for what is about to happen.
After some small talk, Danielle told us to move to the dining room table and have a seat. She went into the kitchen and when she came out she was completely nude carrying an empty tray. She walked up to James and told him to pick whatever he wanted. He stared awkwardly for a minute and then rubbed her tit a little, tweaking her nipple. To break the sexual tension I asked if he got both of "those".
"One at a time," Danielle replied.
She came over to me and said the same thing. I slid my hand between her thighs and started rubbing her pussy. She was wet and ready pretty quickly. As I rubbed her she sat the tray down and acted like she was upset. I asked what is wrong and she said it was unfair that week after week she has shown us her tits, her ass, her pussy, and that we never show her anything. She instructed us to strip.
Although James moved a little slow, I was down to my boxer briefs in no time. She looked at James and said "I'll wait." as he worked to get his pants off. Once we were both stripped down to our boxers she commented that she didn't have panties on, why did we think it was okay to have boxers on. BAM! My boxer briefs hit the floor. I was already hard from fingering her. James slowly dropped his and she said it was her turn to pick a treat.
Danielle glanced at me and I tried to tell her with my eyes to get James first. She understood and reached out and started stroking his shaft. At first he looked at me for confirmation that it was okay but it didn't take too long before he closed his eyes to enjoy what was happening. She kissed his shoulder and then told us that because we had been so selfish over the last few weeks that she got to pick another treat before we got to pick again. She started stroking me. I was already so hard from what I had just seen. I had seen guys grab or brush their hands across her ass. I had watched her flash her tits at other guys. I knew she had stroked the strangers dick that night at the bar but couldn't see because her hand was in his pants. This was the first time I had watched her hands work on another man and it had me at attention. She stroked me slow but with a firm grip.
Before I got too close to orgasm, she stopped and said it was my turn to pick a treat. I laid her down on the table, positioned myself between her legs and begin licking her wet, sweet, pussy. After a minute or two I looked up to see her reaching out for James hardness. She pulled him close to her and took him in her mouth. Seeing this alone had me ready to shoot my load. I kept licking her sweet spot although I had lost focus on doing it right as I watched her work on his shaft.
She would take it deep in her mouth and then slowly lick down his shaft, her tongue licking his balls. The way he jerked a little when she nibbled on his erection was intense. I stopped watching and focused on her wet pussy, still in front of me. I worked it just how she liked it and it didn't take long before she was tensing up ready to explode. As her excitement squirted out of her I enjoyed the taste.
I stood up to enter her but she said she wanted me in her mouth. James and I switched positions and as he bent down to lick her love spot, she stopped him and said she had enough of that. James looked shocked but knew what she wanted. He positioned himself between her legs. As he slid himself inside her she softly bit down on my shaft. He stopped once he was completely in her. I couldn't tell if he was just enjoying how tight her pussy was or if he was looking to see if I was going to tell him to pull out. I just nodded and he began thrusting.
As he continued to thrust, Danielle proceeded to give me the most intense blowjob she had ever given me. All I could do was play with her nipples and enjoy the show. Danielle could sense that I was getting close so she slowed down a little while the intensity of James thrusting motions increased. Danielle looked at me as if she wanted to know if it was okay. I nodded my head and she smiled.
After several minutes, James got a look on his face that could only be described as primal. He began thrusting like a wild man, slamming himself into Danielle. His intensity continued to increase and we both knew he was close. "Harder" Danielle moaned. I had become so enthralled with what James was doing, I had become unaware that Danielle had stopped sucking on my dick and was focused on the abuse James was giving her sweet pussy. One last deep, almost violent thrust and James begin to shake, holding himself deep inside her until she had every drop.
He opened his eyes to see both of us smiling at him. She continued to stroke my rigid shaft and called for James to come towards her head. She instantly began to lick him clean. I moved away, between her legs. I rubbed her clit a few times before inserting myself in her swollen pink mound. I was already so close that I didn't know who long I would last.
Watching Danielle lick James' shaft clean was great visual stimuli and with several minutes, I was about to shoot my load. I pulled out and moved to her mouth. She took her sexy lips off James cock and starting sucking mine. With a few licks, I was shooting all I had in her mouth. James and I started to come down from our euphoric high but were still hard as rock. Danielle didn't know about the little blue pills we had taken and looked kind of shock that we were still ready to do some work.
I told James to go sit on the couch. Danielle got down on her knees in front of him and started to suck him again. Danielle gave a great blow job. I placed myself behind her to start again but this time there was a different target. We had talked about it but had not tried it yet. As she felt me pushing at a different spot, she took James deep in her mouth to prepare. I entered softly and slowly. She tensed up a little so I pulled out a little and then slowly back in. I continued to work softly until she seems more comfortable. The only thing that made me think she was ready for the pounding was that she had gone back to working on James' cock like she couldn't get enough. I proceeded to work on her tiny ass while she worked on James shaft. I exploded, then she took James in. James exploded and then she insisted we both clean up before anymore head. We were more than happy to oblige.
By the time we were done, James and I each had several orgasms. Danielle had taken our cum in every hole and and looked like she had been ravaged. We were all thirsty and realized there was nothing in the house. We decided to go to 7-11 and pick up some beverages. Danielle wanted to change first but I said she should go as she was. We all quietly headed out to the car, Danielle still naked, cum inside her, and her hair a mess.
We parked and James and I ran in. While paying we told the cashier to peek out the window at the truck. He looked and smiled. He asked if he could have a turn but we told him that play time was over. We walked outside to a group of guys leering at her from the corner of the building. They were enjoying seeing her naked but would have loved to have been a part of what just happened.