So Kim's driving across country on her way to meet Dan, this really great guy that she met online.
They seemed to connect on so many levels, that it was crazy. Movies, books... and more importantly, what turned them on.
Kim was getting wet just thinking about it. The things they had talked about. Jealousy. Getting spanked. Fucking in public.
Kim looked down at the speedometer, and realized that she was going over the speed limit. In thinking of Dan, and the dirty things she wanted to do with him, her foot had pressed down harder on the gas pedal, her subconscious literally driving her to get to him more quickly.
All of a sudden, the car jolts, and Kim hears the familiar "flub flub flub" of a flat tire. Oh well, at least she was close enough she could call Dan to come help here. Their first time meeting would be at the side of a highway, instead of at his home.
Kim calls Dan, tells him the situation and where she is located, and turns on the radio to chill until Dan gets there. She thinks more about the fun they are going to have together.
* * * * *
She lets one of her favorite scenarios play in her head. Kim had brought along one of her favorite outfits, a very short skirt with a white oxford shirt, and knee high stockings with heels. With her hair pulled up, and her dark plastic glasses, she would make the perfect little librarian.
She couldn't wait until Dan found her in some remote corner of the library, and told her that she was putting books back in the wrong place. She didn't know what she was doing, and needed to do better than that. Kim would have to learn her lesson.
Dan pushed Kim against the bookshelves, running his hands from her breasts down to the hem of her skirt, and then underneath.
"You little slut. Not only are you not wearing any underwear, you're already wet!" He takes his fingers and puts them in her mouth, letting Kim taste her desire. He kisses her hungrily, pushing her so hard into the bookshelves she whimpered.
"You like that? You like how it feels to be pushed around? It's time for you to learn to follow direction and do what you're supposed to do."
He turns her around to face the bookshelves, making her place her hands on them and lean in, so her little white ass took out.
"What are you doing? What if someone walks by?" Kim whispered loudly.
"Be quiet. I'm going to teach you what little librarians get when they don't do what they should." Then Dan smacks her ass so hard you can see his handprint.
"Dan! Stop! Someone's going to hear this, I don't want to be caught!" Kim utters in a frantic tone.
"Shut up, or I will hit you loud enough someone will hear!" Dan whispered in her ear.
Dan then gently rubs the spot where his hand had landed. Removing his hand, he waits a moment, and then smacks her other cheek. Kim whimpers, and a tear rolls down her cheek.
Dan again caresses the spot where his hand had just landed. But instead of removing it this time, he slides his hand gently down her soft crack, to where he feels a growing wetness. Kim moves her pussy to rub it against his hand.
"You like that, do you?" Dan says as he gently teases her wet little pussy with his fingers, lightly rubbing her slit, and tracing around her wet hole without actually going in. He swore he could feel her getting wetter, the little cunt.
Kim is squirming against his hand, trying to get him to make some real contact, to penetrate her with one of his fingers.
Kim begs. "Please Dan, I need you inside of me, filling me!"
"I'll fuck your tight little hole when I am ready to, you little whore!" He told her.
Dan teases her for a few moments longer with his hand, while very quietly unzipping his pants and taking out his raging hard on.
He grabs on to her side with one hand and uses the other to guide his cock to her drenched pussy. He teases her little hole, just rubbing the tip of his dick up and down her slit, and then just grabs on to her hips with both hands, and then rams his cock all the way in.
Kim gasps at this sudden intrusion.
Daniel continues to pound away very forcefully, while Kim holds on to the shelves for support. He reaches underneath, and rubs at her little clit. The sensation makes her tighten so much around him that he has to cum, but he wants to try and hold it off.
Dan pulls out of her pussy, and uses his fingers to lubricate her tight little asshole, sliding them in and out as she pushed back against his fingers.
"Please fuck me there baby, I need it so bad!" She cries.
Dan asks, "You need it? Tell me how much you want it."
"I need to be fucked in the ass so bad, I need to feel your dick all the way in me, and have you cum inside of me." She said.
So Dan positions his dick right at the tight little ring, and then rams it in, in one quick movement. Kim squeals.
"Shut up you stupid cunt, do you want someone to hear you?" Dan said as he started to slowly fuck her in the ass.
He moved very slowly in and out of her, while holding her butt so she couldn't move back to force him in farther. She cried and pleaded for him to be rough, but he wanted to take his time and make her crazy.
Finally Dan can take it no longer, and grabs her ass so hard that his fingernails dig in, and buries himself in her up to the hilt. He starts slamming her hole, one quick pump after another, until he releases his hot load into her ass, filling her completely.
Dan pulls out, and straightens himself up. "Get yourself together, you look like a mess."
Kim quickly looks herself over, and straightens her hair and skirt. The area stunk of sex. A pleasant reminder for them of what just happened.
* * * * *
A rapping on the window brings Kim out of her reverie. It's Dan! A giant smile comes over her face, and she gets out of the car and leaps right into his arms.
"What were you doing? I had to knock on the window a few times to get your attention." Dan asked.
"Oh, you know. Daydreaming. Maybe I'll tell you later." Kim said with a wink.
So Kim goes to sit in Dan's car, while he changes her tire. When finished, he comes around to the passenger side where she is sitting, and she gets out to see him.
Not being able to hold herself back, she kisses him passionately, letting her hands roam over his body, and then caressing his swollen package. Dan opens the car door, and bends her over the passenger seat, turning her little skirt up over her ass.
"Glad to see you followed direction, my girl." He said as he saw that she had no underwear on, and she had a smooth shaven pussy. He took his cock out of his pants, and rubbed it up and down her smooth pussy, spreading her juices over her opening.
Dan pushes his cock just inside of her, and starts to fuck her gently. Kim is going wild at this point, she is so turned on. Dan pumps in and out of her until he starts to feel that familiar tightness that comes before a woman's orgasm. So, he fucks her harder. Dan pounds away at her on the side of the road, until they come together, Kim bucking wildly, and moaning loudly.
Dan pulls out, and they compose themselves so Kim can follow him back to his place. On the way back, Kim has this satisfied smile on her face, thinking of what she just experienced, and what was still in store...