This story is about cuckolding, if that's not your scene you may wish to leave now.
I had had the hots for Jen for some considerable time, like most men who met her. She was enormously vivacious and bubbly, not to mention very outdoorsy. In her mid forties she maintained a young girlish carefree attitude to life, and was enormous fun to be around.
She was short and petite, could wear anything she liked but was always stylish, sparing with her make up, and the dimples in her cheeks deepened every time she smiled, which was frequently.
Petite, with a pert little bottom, probably maintained by her love of horse riding, and an easy care hair do that went with her outdoors life style. It was sort of short and spiky and dirty blond, or mucky blond, as my lust fuelled thoughts used to think of it.
There were a group of us who gathered regularly on a Friday evening at the pub, which was just across the road from their house, and so we usually gravitated there at closing time, for a coffee and a bit more banter.
On arrival, Jen usually vanished straight into the kitchen to put the coffee on and, being the only unattached chap, I usually helped while the other couples made themselves at home in the cozy sitting room.
One evening while I was getting cups out of the cupboard, Jen who was at the sink, backed into me accidentally. A reflex action made my hands fly up to her waist to prevent her reversing into my crotch. She spun round with a curious look on her face as if to say. 'Seriously?'
I immediately apologised and she rapidly realised that I had grabbed her waist to prevent, shall we say, the much more intimate contact of her delicious posterior with my crotch.
"No harm done," she said, smiling her dimply smile and held my gaze for rather longer than necessary as she added, "unfortunately."
The locked gaze said it all and I stooped down to kiss her expecting a peck on the lips at best. Her body melted into mine as her mouth opened and her tongue sought out mine for a full on snog.
"Coffee's ready," she announced as we broke from the embrace, acting a bit like naughty school kids, and that's as far as it went.
I always looked forward to Fridays, and even more to closing time, where the coffee making and snog ritual were regularly repeated. There was just something so naughty and erotic about it. As we broke from our embrace one night she said.
"You know this is just lust, don't you? I love only Dave, but I do enjoy a bit of spice." And that made everything clear, as clear as mud.
The following week, after the usual call of "Whose f' coffee," made to sound a lot more risqué by the pronunciation, we all crossed the road to their house.
As we opened the door Jen announced she needed the loo and made a dash in that direction. Then the coffee making ritual started. I was a little sad as I thought our illicit snogs were now in the past, however I still went to help.
I followed Jen into the kitchen. She immediately spun round and whispered.
"When I went to the loo, I took my knickers off."
"Most girls do," I replied nonchalantly.
"No stupid. Off, as in OFF," and brandished them in my face.
Fuck! Now I knew that the object of my lust was standing in front of me with absolutely nothing on, under her light summer dress.
"I want you to feel my bum while you snog me, and snog me like you want to shag me." And she tilted her head upwards and gazed into my eyes.
"But Dave is next door!"
"I know! Hot, isn't it?"
I couldn't resist. I had longed to run my hands over those luscious buttocks, even fully clothed, so the invitation to lift her skirt and feel the warm pliable flesh under my palms was irresistible.
As we kissed, and our tongues explored each other, I ruched up the skirt of her summer dress and felt the yielding flesh for the first time. My cock stirred towards erection.
The kiss was long, lust fuelled and very very sexy.
She took one of my wrists and guided it round to her front. My hand made contact with hair, her soft curly pubic hair. This had just taken a giant leap forward from a simple snog. I was now not just snogging a hot woman with her husband in the next room, but I was actually touching her sex. One of my fingers slipped easily into her already moist haven.
She pulled my hand away and lifted it up to my face.
"Smell me. I'm hot. Lick your fingers and savour my excitement and know that I'm juicing for you."
I did as I was asked and she tasted divine, making me long for the opportunity to bury my face in the soft curls of her pubes, and bring her to orgasm.
She backed away and raised her skirt to her knees, then higher eventually revealing her luxuriant bush.
"Fuck me!"
"What now!"
"Fuck me quickly, just stick it in and cum."
"But there are five people next door, they might hear, or worse come in."
"Why do you think I'm so hot?"
She backed up to the work top and lifted herself onto it and spread her legs.
"Come on get on with it. Fuck me. I want to feel your cock explode inside me."
I unzipped my trousers! The whole act hardly took a minute and was one of the hottest things I had ever done, but we were brought back to reality by a booming voice.
"How's that coffee coming along, you two?"
"Here stuff these in your pocket," she said, handing me her knickers having wiped herself with them, as I tidied myself up.
We made the coffee and took it through.
"Beginning to think you'd died on the job."
Oh please don't say 'on the job', I thought. I'm probably flushed looking already and I've got your wife's knickers in my pocket soaked in the juices of our mutual lust.
That was the last of our Friday night pub visits as Dave and Jen moved to somewhere near Keswick, and besides Jen was getting way too adventurous. It was getting pretty dangerous, so good to quit while ahead, but I did keep the souvenir knickers, and no, I didn't wash them.
About six months later I was temporarily posted to Penrith, so I made contact hoping we could go out for a meal sometime. They lived at Threlkeld, in the shadow of that beautiful mountain, Blencathra and when they heard I was in digs in Penrith they insisted that I stay with them during the working week. They had bought a massive farm house with about seven bedrooms, a paddock and a stable that kept several horses, one of them Jen's, the others belonging to various friends.
I cannot pretend that my heart didn't skip a beat at the suggestion, but I was determined that our indiscretion in the kitchen, at the last house, was just that, an indiscretion and in the past. Besides I'm sure Jen would be mortified to remember that she had hopped up on the worktop, spread her legs, and demanded to be fucked. Whatever can we have been thinking?
Most of my time was taken up with the tedious business in Penrith, but the long summer evenings were starting again, so there was plenty of opportunity to go walking in the fells, armed with Wainwright's little guide book.
One evening, on my way back, the path brought me across the paddock to the stables. Jen had just returned from her evening ride out, and looked drop dead gorgeous in her tight jodhpurs and riding boots.
She insisted on showing me the stable and the tack room, not that I have the slightest interest in horses but time with Jen was always welcome.
"Remember the kitchen at the old house?" She asked.
I rather thought that she would have preferred to forget that somewhat torrid night.
"How could I forget?" I said, honestly.
"Well after you all left, I was still bloody horny so I suggested to Dave that we fuck on the sitting room floor."
"Jen, do you really think that you should be telling me this?"
"Why ever not? He's my husband, and husbands and wives fuck, that's what it's all about. Anyway, back to that evening. I like a bit of cowgirl, it's a horsey thing!" She giggled. "So when I got him hard, I straddled him on the floor, but the point is he noticed something different!
"I can't remember exactly what he said but he was most complimentary about my highly receptive pussy. I didn't like to tell him that all the lubrication wasn't just me! Anyway he commented that I was particularly active and suggested we have sex on the rug more often!"
"Do you think he suspected anything?"
"Dave has always known that I am much more of a sexual animal than he is, and I suspect he turns a blind eye to my activities as long as he doesn't know the details. And stop staring at my bum!"
"Sorry, but it is a hugely attractive bum and encased in those tight trousers definitely shows it to best advantage."
"So what is it with bum men, and tit men? Is it some sort of spanking fetish?"
"No not at....."
"Shame! Nothing quite like a good spanking!"
"Seriously?"
"Seriously. Like this." And she playfully thwacked me on the bum with her riding crop."
"Shit! That hurt!"
"It's supposed to, that's half the fun!"
"You do that for fun?"
"Not nearly often enough! But it gets the blood flowing and the sap rising. Pull down your trousers and I'll show you just how much fun it is."
"I don't think it's for me."
"Then I'll take my trousers down and you can spank me."
My cerebral cinema went into overdrive imagining spanking that pert little bum, the one I had enjoyed palpitating while snogging her, after she had taken off her knickers.
I didn't think she was serious but she went on to describe in great detail how to administer an erotic spanking. Not too soft, not too hard, just enough to leave a nice horizontal stripe for a day or two. Enough to get the endorphins flowing and create a bit of a high.
"Come on cowardy custard, drop 'em and bend over that stool."
I have to admit that the thought of being spanked by Jen in jodhpurs and riding boots was really erotic, and nothing venture nothing gain. I complied. She didn't take much of a swing at all, but shit did it hurt. That little bit of leather on the end really smarted, but by the time I had had a leisurely six, I realised that I could eroticise pain, and my cock definitely did.
"Oh those stripes are going to be beautiful." She smiled, and her dimples deepened. "Don't be taking a shower at the gym this week, or you'll have a lot of explaining to do!"
"Right now, show me what you've learned." As she undid the top button on her jodhpurs. My cock was already at more than half mast and this wasn't helping. Under the jodhpurs was a pair of white cotton panties which she lowered with a provocative wiggle.
"Spank me sir, for I have been a very naughty girl. I fucked another man in my kitchen, while making coffee for my husband."
I took the crop and gave her bum a light tap which wobbled in the most erotic way.
"Hmmmm, tell me when you are going to start." What? That wasn't hard enough? I tried again.
"One sir, thank you." And we continued.
"Two sir, thank you." Up to the planned six. Her bum was crossed by a series of nearly parallel, somewhat angry looking lines.
"Shit! That was hot," she said rubbing her bum with one hand and her mons with the other, then she plomped herself down on a bench, "help me with my riding boots!"
"You're taking them off here?"
"Well, I can't get my jodhies off over them."
"Jodhies off?"
"I told you it gets the sap rising, that was hot, and now I really, really need to fuck."
I can't pretend I wasn't nervous. Anyone could come at any minute, but she was right, the sap was rising and the logical part of my brain had given way to pure lust. I pulled and tugged at the boots which eventually gave way.
"Now take one leg of my jodhies in each hand and pull."
I did. The jodhpurs came off in a single flowing motion, bringing her white cotton knickers with them. I was left staring straight into a forest of curls, that tried in vain to conceal her glistening sex.
She stood, and backed onto a stable wall.
"Oh that's so cool on my poor bum. Delicious! Now drop those trousers and let's fuck, up against this nice cold wall."
I had to stoop as she was much shorter than me, but I got there and it simply slid in without the slightest resistance. She was more than just wet, much more. She threw her arms around my neck, as she wrapped her legs around my waist and we started the classic motion. After a short while she got vocal.
"Harder!.......
"Faster!......
"Deeper!.....
"Oh fuck! I'm coming!....
"Keep going!.....
"Oh shit! Shit! Shit!"
With the atmosphere, and the surroundings, the partially dressed woman, with her legs clasped round my waist and the verbal encouragement, it didn't take long.
I felt her muscles clamp on my cock, as her orgasm washed over her and she bit my lip. I emptied myself into her willing wanton sex.
As she dismounted she grabbed her white cotton panties and squatted in a very unladylike pose, while she mopped up the evidence from between her legs.
"Jeepers! When you cum, you certainly deliver the goods. There's loads of it!"
Eventually, satisfied with the clean up, she balled her knickers and passed them over.
"Here, stuff these in your pocket. I can't wear them, they're soaking and I don't have any pockets.
"By the way, what did you do with the other pair? Did you keep them?"
"Yes." I admitted.
"Did you wash them?"
"No."
"Dirty bugger! Did you wank off into them?"
"Jen!"
"Well did you?"
"Actually no, but I did enjoy the aroma while I 'pleasured myself.'"
"You sniffed them while wanking, you dirty bastard. I could get to like you!"
"What about the stripes on your bum?"
"What about them?"
"Won't Dave be curious?"
"Firstly he won't notice them, because I shall keep my bum away from his gaze. Secondly, if he does notice, he almost certainly won't say anything, and thirdly if he does notice, and does ask, I shall tell him the truth. I'm not lying to my husband. Then I shall shag him senseless and the matter will be closed.
"So, if it comes to it, which it won't, you'll be back to digs in Penrith, because a blind eye is one thing, but knowing for sure is quite another."
In the event the week drew to an uneventful close and I set off south on Friday after work.
Monday came round quicker than ever and I found myself back in Threlkeld. Jen had included me in the supper arrangements, which was simple but delicious and, after helping her with the washing up, we all sat down to watch a rather risqué movie with a glass of wine. OK risqué is somewhat understating it, there were parts that were verging on pornographic, which was surprising considering the quite big names in the cast.
At about ten thirty I excused myself to go to my room and Jen called after me.
"Night night. No wanking now!"
"Jen!" Shouted Dave, "that was a bit forward, even for you."
"Well, he's just been watching a mucky movie and why else would he be going up so early?"
Dave's reply was lost in the squeaking of the ancient staircase as I climbed, but the giggles and squeals of delight from below were not. I thought to myself. Oh no! They're not going to do it on the rug again.
My fears were allayed a few minutes later by the noises on the stairs, some hurried footsteps and a fair bit of laughter. The voices from their room next door were audible but not intelligible, however, it was quite obvious that they were having fun: adult fun!
I got ready for bed and climbed in, to the accompaniment of sounds off, which were seriously disturbing after seeing the film and knowing what was going on next door. The antics continued until the unmistakable rhythmic squeaking sound of two people having fairly rumbustious sex, met my ears, and it was all I could do to keep my hands off my now tumescent cock, with the words 'No wanking' ringing in my ears.
Was she doing this deliberately? Was she shagging Dave, at least in part, knowing that I was bound to overhear. Was this part of a wind up? No wanking indeed.
I hadn't known that Jen could get noisy in orgasm. Our sex had been urgent, rapid and furtive, but here she was, next door, fucking the daylights out of David and all I could do was listen.
I could hear David trying to shush her, but to no avail. If Jen wanted to be noisy, Jen got noisy. Put it this way, there was no doubt she had an orgasm, and there was equally no doubt about exactly when that moment occurred.
About three in the morning I awoke to a faint sensation of my bedroom door opening. I turned and opened my eyes. There, silhouetted in the door frame, by the landing light, was a completely naked Jen.
She was a magnificent sight, standing there in the nude. Petite, legs slightly apart with the light shining through from her back, highlighting her pubic curls. It was the first time I'd seen her naked, first time I had feasted my eyes on those slightly out of scale breasts, a little big for her frame but entirely self supporting.
Fuck! What on earth is she thinking?
She entered.
"Hello sleepy head! Did you have a wank then? Did you toss off to the sounds of David and I fucking? I came buckets knowing you were listening. Knowing that you were lying here with an erection. Did you hear much? I can get a bit noisy and knowing I had an audience just blew my mind."
"Jen, what the fuck are you doing here?"
"I just knew you'd enjoy it, knowing exactly what Dave was experiencing with his cock deep inside me: shit it was hot!"
"Jen! Hello! You are standing here in my bedroom, stark naked with your husband next door."
"I'd better get into your bed then."
"Jen! That's not what I meant."
But it made no difference, she slipped under the covers and reached for my cock.
"He's fast asleep, and nothing ever wakes him after a session like we had tonight. You'll just have to make sure I don't scream when I cum, because knowing he's there has got me juicing already."
"Jen, you are not going to cum! You are not even going to fuck."
"Cowardy, cowardy custard! I'll just have to do it myself then, but I warn you I can cum pretty hard masturbating. Pretty hard, and bloody noisy."
She continued to play with my cock which in spite of my apprehension was now stirring into life. Shit! What to do? There wasn't time to answer that thought, before she slid down the bed and took my nearly erect cock in her mouth. After a few introductory sucks she whispered.
"Good boy! No taste of spunk, so you didn't have a wank. Your balls must be busting!" And went back to work with her lips and tongue.
"There is something I always wanted to try," she added, surfacing from my crotch, "I've always wanted to fuck leaning out of this window. To be taken forcefully from behind, while enjoying the cool night air on my tits.
"Mind you I might get a bit wild. It's a long held fantasy."
Nature had taken over from apprehension. I now had a raging erection and would probably not have been able to resist her no matter what the danger. She jumped out of bed and dragged me over to the window by my now raging erection and threw it wide.
"I know," she added, "get those knickers I gave you." I didn't like to admit that I still had them, and that they were still unwashed, but I knew better than to hesitate.
"Right mister, ball them up, stuff them in my mouth and fuck me out of the window."
The thought was so ridiculous that I had no hesitation in complying. Once the makeshift gag was in place she leaned out of the window and spread her legs. Her bum looked fantastic and I could still see the faint marks from her spanking. I held her hips in both hands and entered her as slowly and deliberately as possible, to the accompaniment of her muffled sounds of delight.
The feel of her wetness, knowing I was the second person tonight who'd experienced her delights, only heightened the experience and I had to hold on to prevent myself from coming too quickly.
As we continued there were lots more muffled sounds and some clenching of the muscles gripping my cock. It was then that Jen broke the clinch. She wiggled her delightful bum into my groin as she stood up from the window, causing me to fall out.
"Mish!" she commanded, making her way to the bed. She lay down, spread her thighs wide as she pulled the knickers from her mouth.
"I want to look into your eyes as you cum."
I followed my erection deep into her willing cunt.
"Oooh! Nice. I've already cum, so just go for it."
Every nerve in my cock was jangling as I stroked in and out as far as I dared without actually falling out, before sliding back in as slowly as I could. The sensations!
"Oh god I'm close," as I felt the familiar sensations build.
"Look into my eyes!"
I did, as I stroked into her for the final time. The tip of my cock just touched something hard. She gasped. I came.
We came to our senses very quickly after orgasm, and she again used the knickers to remove the evidence from between her legs. She chucked them back to me with a dimpled smirk and returned to her marital bed.
All good things come to an end, and so did my time in Penrith. As we said our goodbyes I thanked them both. Then David said,
"You are welcome any time." Which made me feel rather guilty, until he followed with, "I'm quite happy to share most things," and winked knowingly in my direction!
He knew! He fucking knew!
I very much enjoyed writing this story which is mostly fantasy, unfortunately! In fact there is only one scene that actually happened. If you enjoyed it please leave a comment. It's comments that are the great motivator in writing.