Traditions: Hollywood and Mine, is the final chapter, Part 6, of the "Traditions -- Summer Vacation" series. Enjoy reading and please feel free to comment, good or bad, and to vote.
"Ok, I'm off to work," my mother said, reaching out to give me a hug as she was leaving for work. Putting her face close to my ear she whispered, "You be good, don't embarrass me, you know your Aunt is going to be there, too." Pulling back, she spoke again to Mary and Aunt Tracy, and me, "You all have fun and we'll see you in a few days. Don't do anything I wouldn't do!" That last statement was an all-in-fun line that we all regularly used in our family, knowing exactly that it was a double entente: whenever anyone was going to be off without everyone else present. I understood exactly that she was telling me, without telling me, to keep it in my pants. It wasn't exactly the thought that I was hoping for. An hour later the three of us headed out, with me driving, as the San Diego rush hour had abated. By the time we got to the greater Los Angeles area, the rush hour there had also abated, and our commute was virtually slow-down free.
I was escorting Aunt Tracy and my cousin Mary to see some sights and attractions in the Los Angeles area. We'd suggested Disneyland, but they decided it wasn't adult enough for them. Together they'd decided they wanted to see Hollywood, do Universal Studios, and Magic Mountain, and come back along the beach cities, with maybe a few hours playing in the ocean. They had thought that all of us would be going, but Mom and Dad both had a scheduled vacation so they couldn't take more time off and my sister Andrea had to work. She was devastated that we couldn't take her along, but her job required her to be home, and since her university required money to pay for it, her priorities dictated that she had to stay. I expect her disappointment was somewhat assuaged by our last two nights of sexual activities with Mary.
I, on the other hand, was hoping that, somehow, I'd get to spend some "alone" time with my sexy cousin. But with her mom chaperoning I wasn't sure that would happen. Admittedly thinking with my cock and being quite self-centered about it, I was really hoping that perhaps we could get alone long enough that she would be able to at least give me a blowjob. I was really becoming quite addicted to her oral skills but I had little hope of that.
Hollywood was exactly as it has always seemed to me: dirty, crowded, and greatly over-exaggerated in importance by movie watchers. Having done the "Let's see Hollywood" visit many times before with other visitors, I pretty well had an idea of what was where. Seeing Grauman's Theatre, the Hollywood sign on the hill, walking Hollywood Boulevard and looking at embedded stars in the sidewalk of Roy Rogers and Dale Evans and other stars who had died years before, or in the case of the Muppets and Bugs Bunny weren't even real; seeing Ripley's Believe-It-Or-Not Museum (a relic of the 50's and 60's in my opinion) on a sticky afternoon with the temperature in the high 90's - by early afternoon we'd seen more of everything than I desired. When Aunt Tracy suggested we could drive up and around the Griffith Park Observatory before heading to the hotel, it made for a perfect exit to the bumper-to-bumper traffic on Hollywood Boulevard. We ended up stopping and spending a couple of hours at Griffith Park before finally heading back down the hill to the hotel at rush hour. What would have been a 10-minute trip to the Hilton in Universal City just two hours earlier turned into a full hour in the bumper-to-bumper rush hour traffic. Finally arriving at the hotel, everyone agreed that a shower before going to dinner would be a good start to the evening.
I hadn't really thought about sleeping arrangements. I was surprised when Aunt Tracy said we would all be sharing a single room, I thought she'd indicated there were to be two rooms. Aunt Tracy said there was no need for that and a single room with two king-size beds was virtually half the price. It seemed the obvious arrangement to me that Mary and Aunt Tracy would share one bed and I'd get the other. Hearing that we would be sharing a room, my visions of Mary visiting and maybe we would get a chance to fuck each other's brains out, or perhaps I could get a blow job again, seemed to disappear.
Luckily, I had specifically made sure I had thrown in a pair of gym shorts before leaving home. I normally wore them for running, but as I normally slept naked at home, they made for a nice cover-up since I was going to be sharing the room with my Aunt.
Mary went in for a shower first leaving Aunt Tracy and me alone. "So, I guess you and Mary and Andrea all got along pretty well last summer at the farm?" my Aunt started once Mary had disappeared into the bath.
"Yeah, we had a lot of... fun," I said, only momentarily hesitating before the word "fun" as my mind had immediately scratched and clawed for a descriptive word that wouldn't tell too much about what we'd really done. "Horseback riding, swimming at the Timbers, going to Cedar Rapids for the ballgame. I can't say as the family reunion was all that memorable for me, truthfully I didn't know anyone there."
"Don't you mean skinny dipping at the Timbers and fucking in the loft?"
I know my eyes bugged out and I blushed. I really had no idea that Aunt Tracy had any clue about what we had done. That Mom must have talked with her became instantly apparent. "Ugh... I uh..." I stammered, looking up to see her face looking right at me, solemn and not laughing -- right up until she broke into a grin.
"Didn't know that I knew, did ya?" she said, laughing, as she turned and continued to unload her clothes from the suitcase into the dresser. I had just brought my normal duffel bag with a few changes of clothes, but Mary and Tracy had packed for their three-week trip and had larger bags along.
"How uhm..." I stammered again, not sure what exactly to say.
"How do I know?" She said, picking up on my unfinished question. "Mary told me about the two of you, and later your mom told me she'd walked in on you and Andrea."
I was shocked. I was shocked more that Mary had "kissed and told" than that Mom had discussed that she'd found Andrea and me together at least once.
"Mary told you..." I started, not quite believing what she was saying was totally true.
"Told me everything. She has always told me about her lovers."
Again, I was shocked, I'd never heard of a girl telling her mother about her lovers before. "She has?" I stated, more than asked, flabbergasted at the revelation. "I don't think I've..."
"We've had a very open relationship. I never wanted her to end up like your mom, so from the first time she saw our pigs or horses mating, I've explainedeverythingabout sex and how it happens and how it pertains to her. I made sure that when she was ready,sheknew what was happening and how to prevent making babies when she didn't want them. I made sure she knew about her body and that it was hers, not anyone else's, at least until she allowed it. She got her first package of condoms and her first vibrator from me. She told me all about taking you two to the loft," she giggled, "just like your mom and I used to do."
Her comment for the second time about "like your mom" suddenly registered and I realized I had no idea what she was talking about when she was hinting about something that had happened to my mom.
"Like my mom?" I repeated. "You said you didn't want her to end up like my mom? What does that mean?"
She pushed the drawer shut and turned to look at me, examining the befuddlement in my face. "You don't know."
"Know what?" I responded, as whatever it was that she was referring to, I really did not know. I'd learned enough the year before to know that she and my mom had apparently played together, and played with boys together, but this seemed to be something else. Turning she sat on the edge of her bed. She looked at me, and I could tell she was thinking of what to say.
"Your mom and I were more like sisters than cousins, we did everything together, including learning to play with boys. Growing up on neighboring farms, of course, we also saw the barnyard animals and knew somewhat about sex, but unfortunately, your grandma didn't tell usallabout the birds and the bees, like I've told Mary, until later." She paused again, I just waited. "Your mom and I lost our virginity together to Jerry Taylor; the man Grandpa had hired full-time to help with harvesting. He was a few years older than us, but with nobody else around, he was all there was. He had a small trailer parked beside the barn, but we always went into the hayloft to play. When we decided we were going to have sex with him, we did it together. It was about a month later that your mom missed her period, and when she missed a second one, that's when grandma found out we'd been playing with Jerry."
"Mom got pregnant? Before Dad?" Tracy just nodded in confirmation.
I was incredulous. I had a brother or sister somewhere that I did not know about? "But... What happened?"
"She miscarried. About three months along she lost the baby."
"Oh." I thought about what had happened for a moment. "You didn't get pregnant?"
"No. I don't know if I was just lucky or not, but after your mom got pregnant, your grandma made sure we both knew all about condoms and not getting pregnant again. When we had Mary, it took about 6 months after I got off the pill before I finally got pregnant... but not for a lack of trying," she giggled. "I always wanted to have a couple of more kids, but that wasn't going to happen."
"So, you wanted more?" I asked, surprised, never even having questioned why Mary was an only child. It made no difference to me.
"We did, but when Mary was born, prematurely, it wasn't going to happen. Something happened internally, and although they would be able to help me now, the solution back then was to make it so I could never get pregnant again."
"Wow. I had no idea."
"No reason that you would."
I thought back to being a kid, knowing I had a sister and never questioning if or how babies were made or why I only had one. I had a friend with 6 brothers and 2 sisters, and all I remember about them was that no matter what happened, they always had to take two cars to go anywhere. "Mary knows about that?"
"Oh, of course. Once, when she was little, she asked if she could have a baby brother and I had to explain that I could not get pregnant anymore, and why, so it wasn't going to happen. And then when she reached puberty, we had a long discussion about all things sexual. I told her about your mom and me, and your mom getting pregnant, and condoms and the pill and vibrators and hormones and arousal and getting carried away and made sure that when she decided she was ready to play in the hayloft that she knew she could come to me and we'd take care of making sure she wasn't going to get pregnant."
"You... and mom?" I said, having heard just momentarily from Mom the year before that she and Mom had been, and possibly still were, occasional lovers.
"Oh God yes," she laughed. "Two horny girls on the farm without anyone else around except during planting and harvesting? Yes, your mom and I played a lot in those early days." She giggled again, "Why did you think I knew where the straw in the underwear had come from when I did the wash? And then when I saw you naked, I knew why Mary had been such a happy girl while you were there." I blushed, remembering thinking I'd been alone in the basement, coming out of the shower with half of a hard-on and practically bumping into her by the washer in the basement. "Well, I guess it wasn'tallyou, she and Mary were having a pretty good time together, too."
"She told you that?"
"Not until after you guys left, but she told me everything. We don't have any secrets."
"None? So, she knows about you and mom?"
"Of course. I told her about your mom years ago."
"Oh."
Just then the bathroom door opened, and Mary stepped out, wrapped in a towel, apparently otherwise naked, carrying her dirty clothes. "Who's next?"
"I'll go," Aunt Tracy said, picking up her toiletries bag and immediately heading for the bath.
Not having opened and unloaded her bag, Mary dumped her dirty clothes into a pile beside the dresser and turned to her bag which was on the same bed that her mothers had been. I had carried my smaller bag into the room and set it on the opposite bed. Mary flipped her bag open and when she turned, I reached out to pull her to me, instead just catching the towel that easily pulled from her body leaving her, as I'd surmised, completely naked. I stood back up; she did not turn back, instead putting the small pile of clean clothes that she was separating into a drawer before she turned into my arms. "Took you long enough," she giggled.
"Long enough for what?" I questioned, bending to kiss her, my hand filling itself with her breast.
"To get me naked," she giggled, her hand reaching down to grasp my cock and squeeze it.
"Have we got time?" I whispered, sliding my face beside hers to nibble at her ear.
"No," she said, pushing me away. "Mom takes quick showers and there is plenty of time for that later. Which bed are we sleeping in, this one or that one?"
"Doesn't matter to me," I answered, misunderstanding her question.
"Ok, we'll take this one and Mom can have that one," Mary said, indicating the bed next to the window.
"We?" I repeated, not sure I had heard her correctly. "You and me?"
"Of course. You didn't think you were sleeping with Mom, did you?" she giggled impishly, "although she did say after you flashed her last year that she thought you had a nice one." She laughed outright at my shocked expression.
"We're going to sleep together?" I said again, still not believing I had heard correctly.
"Well, yeah. I don't want to have sex with Mom... although, maybe you do?" I could tell she was now just trying to jerk my chain but was also certain she was being truthful about sleeping together.
"I'd figured that you and your mom would be sharing a bed..."
"Like I said, I don't want to have sex with mom."
"And we're going to? With her in the room?"
"Well, we don't have much choice if we're going to do it, and she won't mind. Not anything she's never seen before." It suddenly clicked into my mind that in Aunt Tracy's confession of her and my mom having sex with the hired hand, she had not said they had done it alone or at different times. With her and my mom having been lovers, had they both been there when the other was having sex? I realized they had practically said that before, it had just never quite taken hold in my mind.
Reaching into the bag, Mary took out her underwear and turned and placed them into a drawer before selecting a panty and turning back toward the bed. Reaching out, I grabbed her again, spinning her into my arms, and kissed her as I turned her back to the bed. Pushing her onto her back, I moved my lips from her lips to her neck and chest and breasts. By the time I reached her nipples, she was no longer play fighting me and by the time my tongue was on her clit her hands were in my hair holding me in place.
I had no desire for her to do anything for me, I just wanted to eat her pussy, and she let me. Slithering my tongue between her lips, I reached up with my hands and spread them until her clit protruded at the top of her slit. I leaned into where I could place my lips around it and sucked before pushing against it with my tongue, eliciting a shiver and her hands gripping my hair. Not unexpectedly, her hips rose against my face and, in surprisingly short order, she came. That she had been teasing me by being naked and that she had also been aroused was confirmed by the speed of her orgasm. Rising back up her body, I prostrated myself above her, kissing her once again. "Oh my god, that was nice."
"It sure was," I answered, hearing the shower turn off right at that moment. "Better get dressed," I said, "your mom just shut the shower off."
"Uhmmm. I'd rather just stay naked with you."
"Kind of hard to go to dinner that way."
"Yeah, I guess."
As it was, Mary was just in a lacy bra and panties when Aunt Tracy opened the door, stepping out just as Mary had -- wrapped in just a towel. "Your turn," she said, not commenting about Mary still being mostly undressed, or that she'd obviously taken the towel off and replaced it with her t-back panties and bra while I had been in the room. Grabbing my bag, which I had no intention of unpacking like they had as I only had a few items, I took it with me to the shower.
~
"You and Mary can have that bed," Aunt Tracy said when we returned from dinner, confirming that she was admitting she was expecting me to be sleeping with her daughter and unknowingly confirming the decision that Mary and I had made earlier aboutwhichbed, "unless you want the one away from the window." Mary had grabbed her nightclothes and gone straight into the toilet when we got back to the room after dinner.
"You're sure?" I asked, still not quite believing that Aunt Tracy was allowing me to sleep in the same bed as Mary while she was in the room. Implicit in that was the idea that we would be having sex -- and she would be right there, my cock expanding at the thought, my mind cringing at the same thought.
Tracy stopped and looked at me for almost a minute before she spoke. "Yes, I'm sure." She turned and looked and then sat on the bed before motioning me to the opposite bed. "You two are adults. You two have had sex before, and we all know it. I can either try and deny the obvious lust between you two, or I can ignore it. If I try and deny it, you'll be trying to sneak away, you'll be trying to find a quiet corner somewhere for a quickie, you'll be taking chances and getting caught somewhere that you shouldn't be. I already know you and Mary are having sex so you might as well do it in your bed."
The door to the bathroom opened right then with Mary saying, "Your turn," to the room as she came out. I glanced at Aunt Tracy, she nodded at the bath, indicating with her eyes that I should go. I grabbed my gym shorts and toothbrush out of my bag and turned to the bathroom.
I hadn't looked at Mary as she'd come out, but now, turning back toward the bath, I came virtually face to face with her as she went to put the clothes she'd had on away. She'd completely changed out of everything, and although not naked, she could almost have been. Her bottom was encased in form-fitting boy shorts that ended below her belly button which weren't as revealing as her thong underwear had been earlier, her plump labia creating a very visible camel toe in her crotch. Her midriff was bare, her top a white spaghetti tank top that was thin enough that it did nothing to hide her nipples, most of her breasts exposed above the low-cut u-shaped neck. I did not doubt that she had purposely dressed sexy as hell, although I had to wonder whether it was for me, or that she was advertising to her mother that it was for me. I stepped past her into the bath and did my thing. When I got back, Aunt Tracy had changed into some shorty PJs. Although not as revealing as Mary's, I saw the gentle wiggle of her larger breasts as she pushed past me to brush her teeth.
Mary was already in bed, on the far side. I put my used clothes back in my bag and turned to the bed. I reached up and turned the table light off before lifting the sheet and sliding in on the near side, only to have Mary slide over to me as soon as I did. Turning to her she put her arms out and wrapped them around me. "God I'm so horny," she whispered, her arm and hand dropping to my shorts, her hand insinuating itself inside.
"Me too," I whispered, my cock rapidly expanding to her caress, even as my hand dropped to her breast. Squeezing her tit, I raised my fingers to the spaghetti strap and slid it down, catching the top and exposing her upper breast. Leaning in I sucked her nipple into my mouth eliciting a coo of pleasure from her in response. The noise of a flushing toilet and water running in the sink as she brushed her teeth alerted me to the imminent return of Aunt Tracy. Pulling away, I pushed the sheet up over Mary's bare breast, lying back myself just seconds before the door opened and she returned.
Aunt Tracy seemed to be totally ignoring us. "What time do you want to get going in the morning?" she asked. "It's just a few minutes to Universal Studios, and they don't open until 9. I think if we get up at 7 and go get breakfast, we can be there just about the time they open? What do you think?"
Mary had rolled back over to me, her breast still exposed under the sheet, her hand once again squeezing my cock under the sheet apparently not known to Aunt Tracy at all. I reached across my body and filled my hand with Mary's beauty as she answered, "That sounds good Mom."
"Ok, you kids try and getsomesleep," she giggled, fluffing her pillow and then lying back, "don't keep me awakeallnight."
"Ok, Mother," Mary answered, accenting the "Mother," and then sat up, reached down and grabbed the lower hem of the tank top and lifted it off. Reaching to the far side of the bed she dropped it onto the floor before reaching down, lifting her hips, and sliding her boy shorts off. Instantly my cousin was naked beside me, and her hands were reaching for my shorts, even before the light was out.
I hadn't expected that we'd just get naked and go for it, but after Aunt Tracy turned her light off, that's almost exactly what happened. I didn't fight her pulling my shorts off, and although initially, my mind was on Aunt Tracy being right there, just feet away, within seconds nature had taken over and I'd completely forgotten about everything except for the sexy minx in my arms who couldn't wait to get my cock inside her.
That Mary was, once again, the aggressive one (at least to start with) there was little doubt. Her mouth locked onto mine, our tongues dueling for position. The hot sexy body trying to get me to molest her was soon enough the focus of my attention, thoughts of the silent Aunt Tracy on the other side of the room forgotten.
My hands stroked Mary's body as Mary's hands stroked mine. Kissing and fondling turned into her rolling on top of me, turned into her fishing for my cock, and finally my hand reaching down and holding myself in place. Mary slipped up, got aligned, and lowered herself onto me, gradually sitting up as she did, the sheet falling away. In short order, Mary was riding me cowgirl, totally exposed in the dark of the room. I momentarily wondered if her mother was watching, and then again completely forgot about her as our carnal urges took over.
The position was apparently perfect for Mary, it didn't take long, and I could sense an impending orgasm from her although it wasn't pleasing me nearly as fast. I filled my hands with her breasts and then leaned up to suck first one nipple and then the other into my mouth. The strain on my back was too much to stay like that for long, and leaning on one hand I reached back and took Mary's pillow, doubling it behind me. Now supported, I again leaned up into Mary's breasts, sucking one nipple after the other, and playing with the other with a hand at the same time. Mary's body stiffened as she rode me to an orgasm, finally with quite loud vocal "Oh Fuck!" her entire body convulsed. Panting, she leaned forward onto me, the pillows preventing us from lying flat. Once more I reached back and re-positioned the pillow so I could lay back, and she followed me down, lying on top of me with my cock still inside her. "I've wanted that all day," she whispered into my ear, nibbling it as she did. "Did you cum?"
"No."
"Oh, good." Wrapping an arm around me, she rolled to her side of the bed, pulling me on top of her, and spread her legs wider, wrapping her lower legs over mine. "Your turn," she whispered.
Now lying on her missionary style, I first raised myself onto my elbows, and then onto my hands, pulling my cock slowly out of her silken warmth. Reaching the end, I slowly returned my sword into her sheath, and then repeated, gradually picking up speed. Each thrust was a bit faster, enhancing both my pleasure and hers as once again I could sense her approaching orgasm. Pulling out too far, my cock flopped up along her slit, her hand instantly coming to guide my slippery snake back inside her. In this position, my thrusts were rapidly taking me to the end. When I came, with a grunt, thrusting inside her and trying to stay there, her hand slipped between us, her fingers finding her clit, and within seconds she had brought herself off a second time. Trying to pull out, the sensation made me thrust back in again, and it was not until the fourth involuntary thrust back into her that I was finally able to pull out. I rolled off Mary, panting, and onto my side of the bed, Mary following to snuggle against me. Our heart rates and breathing gradually returned to normal and in about 10 minutes Mary pulled away and got up, going into the bath. Once again, I wondered about Aunt Tracy, looking over at the bed and seeing her on her side with her back to us. Mary returned, sliding into bed against me once more, and pulled the sheet back over us completely.
I was almost asleep when Mary's mouth and hands began caressing me once again. Her kisses on my neck moved to my chest and nipples, her hand finding and squeezing my cock which only slowly responded. But respond it did, my cock becoming erect, especially when her mouth found it. Having moved the sheet away as she had moved down my body, we were again naked, but now totally on top of the sheets. Any thought that we should at least attempt to hide what we were doing from Aunt Tracy was expelled from my thoughts. Mary did not care that we were naked and fucking in front of her mother -- if anything, it seemed apparent she wanted her to see.
"I was going to ignore you two, but I'd forgotten how hot it is to have someone having sex in the same room." Aunt Tracy's voice came from the opposite side of the room. "Couldn't wait until I was asleep, huh?" That it had been at least 45 minutes and we'd fucked twice, Mary had gotten up and gone to the bath to clean up her pussy, came back, and immediately began to love on me again, and Aunt Tracy hadn't gone to sleep, confirmed that she'd been paying attention whether she had outright looked our way or not. The way I had rolled to the side of Mary, my back was to Aunt Tracy, and now I moved onto my own back and looked over at her. She was now on her side looking at us, whether she had watched us that second time, I didn't know. She giggled, and said, "Cute butt, by the way."
"He does have a cute butt, doesn't he?" Mary said, rolling toward me and snuggling to my side, running a hand onto my bottom. I lifted my arm and she pulled herself in against me. I felt a bit self-conscious lying totally nude on top of the bed with Aunt Tracy looking at us, even if it was in the nearly total darkness. Even then, I realized that my eyes had acclimated to the dark, that it did not seem nearly as blacked out as when we had first climbed into bed. "He's got some other things that are kind of cute, too, doesn't he?" She giggled, reaching down and gripping my cock. Having come twice already, I was not ready for her to begin playing again, and with Aunt Tracy watching, I was more than just a little self-conscious. Lifting my legs, I slipped them under the end of the sheet and when Mary did the same, I reached over and pulled it partially over us, covering us from at least the waist down. Turning my head, I met Mary's face and we kissed, this time a good night kiss.
It was morning when I awoke, sunlight around the curtains greatly expanding the visibility in the room. I slipped out of bed, naked, as I did not know what Mary had done with my shorts, and padded into the bath to take a pee. I had to turn the light on to see what I was doing in there which, of course, immediately destroyed my night vision. Returning to the bedroom, as soon as I turned the bathroom light out, I was virtually blind, not even recognizing that Aunt Tracy was now sitting on the side of her bed with me naked in front of her. "My turn," she said quietly, causing me to jump, her hand sliding onto my naked hip as we pushed by each other. Her hand slipped past my hip to give a little pat on my naked butt. "Don't get too comfortable, it's about time for us to get up."
I slipped back into bed with Mary who I thought was still asleep, facing me. Sliding my hand up and along her arm, she stretched and rolled onto her back, her eyes coming open and looking at me. Stretching her arms above her head, her breasts pushed up and my hand slipped across her chest as her shoulder moved away from me. "Mmm," she cooed as my hand caressed her stomach and breasts, "I could get used to this. It's nice to wake up with a lover in bed with you."
Even though I had just been caressing her body, not explicitly trying to arouse her, I could feel her nipple harden to my touch. With my hand on her breast, right then the bathroom door opened, the light still on, flooding the room and falling across us. I moved my hand off her breast and onto her belly, that her nipple was now erect clearly visible in the light. "Ah gees, you two," Tracy said as she stepped into the room. "I'd forgotten how much you kids are like rabbits," she said, stepping over to the dresser and sliding a drawer open. I saw her pull out a bra and blouse, opening a second drawer she pulled out some shorts and turned back. "I'm going to take a shower; you kids get your loving done while I'm in there, so you don't drivemecrazy."
"You know you love it, Mom!" Mary giggled as the bathroom door went shut and she turned into my arms. Aunt Tracy was in the bathroom longer than she needed to be.
~
"How'd you kids sleep?" Aunt Tracy asked at breakfast, "At least, when you finally got there," she giggled. I glanced around, the table they had sat us at was separated quite a bit from any others giving us a modicum of privacy, at least for the moment.
"We had a good time," Mary answered. I don't know whether I blushed outwardly, but I could feel the heat in my face. Despite that Mom had walked in on Andrea and me while we were both naked and my cock had been buried to the hilt in her, and not gone ballistic; despite that I'd heard how Mom and Aunt Tracy were lovers, and had a history of, well,sharinglovers; despite that Mary and Aunt Tracy had, combined, confessed that Mary had shared that we were lovers; and despite that Mary and I had outright fucked the night before while her mother was in the next bed - it was still a bit disconcerting to be talking to my Aunt about having sex with her daughter.
"I guess I'd sort of forgotten how hot it is to really be there watching others making love."
I picked up on her wording. "You watched?" I asked, not having seen anything except her back the night before. I'd looked, but it was early when my eyes still hadn't acclimated to the dark, and then afterward I just wasn't paying attention.
"Not the first time, but I was the second."
"Did you ever do that with anyone other than Aunt Mary?" Mary asked, referring to my mother.
"No. We used to share boys when we were growing up," she answered. "Your mother, in particular, really liked to be watched. But that all changed when she went off to college. She met your dad, I met your dad, and he just wasn't into that."
"How do you know?" Mary asked.
"I guess I've never shared that part of my life with you, have I?" She said, just as the waitress arrived with our orders. She shrugged her shoulders as we began eating. "We talked about it, about our history, after we got married. I told him about Mary and me, about our trysts in the hayloft with our boyfriends. He just wasn't interested; he'd rather be having his affair with Rachel McGavin."
"WHAT?" Mary spewed, "Rachel McGavin?"
"Oh, surely you know by now, don't you?" Aunt Tracy said, looking a bit surprised.
"Who is Rachel McGavin?" I asked quietly.
"Last summer, that first day when you got there? The woman that brought the stallion over to mate with my mare? That's Rachel McGavin. He's having anaffairwith Rachel McGavin?" I only vaguely remembered her, the most vivid memory of seeing Mary, Andrea, and her from the backside, remembering the way her butt filled out her jeans.
"Yes, they have for several years. You didn't really think he was staying behind to watch the corn grow, did you?" Tracy said. "Don't be too quick to judge, it's with my permission."
"Dad's having an affair?" Mary said aloud, incredulity in her voice. "But..." She stopped, obviously wanting to know more.
Aunt Tracy shrugged her shoulders. "It just happened, and it's really no different than anything I've ever done, particularly with your mother, except that we're married now," she said, glancing up at me, "and it works for us. He gets a two-week hall pass every year with her, and the rest of the time he's mine."
"But... you know about it?"
"Of course. They have been seeing each other for almost ten years now. I'd known for quite some time before then that they'd had a mutually flirtatious relationship. I just asked your dad if he was going to cheat, and he told me no, but admitted he had a very strong attraction to her. I just compared it to Aunt Mary and me, where we shared boyfriends all the time. I went over and talked to Rachel, and told her that I knew she and Roy were on the verge of having an affair, and that rather than fighting it, and probably having them go behind my back, and probably getting into a fight and a nasty divorce..." She paused, glancing back and forth at us. "It's not for everyone, but they have two weeks where they get together every year, no questions asked."
"They're together, at home?" Mary asked, still obviously a bit shaken by the revelation.
"Oh hell no. I think they were going to Florida this year; he'll tell me all about it when we get back."
"And I thought he was always staying behind because of the farm."
"When was the last time you saw him need to doanywork during the summer? It used to be when we were growing alfalfa for the animals that it was a constant cutting, bailing, and stacking job. About the time you finished the last stacking, it was time to mow again. But, now that we just grow feed corn, essentially from planting in the spring to harvest in the fall, all there is to do is go down to Adriana's Café and have coffee and breakfast and chew the fat with the boys. We always take a couple of weeks around Christmas time and go someplace together, but not in the summer."
"You're not jealous?"
"Well, I thought I might be at first, but then again, we'd kind of gotten a little bit into a rut together. It has actually put a little spark back into our relationship. And it is kind of fun to hear about what they did together. Kind of like when your mom and I," she again glanced up at me confirming who she was talking about, "were playing together. Like I said, shereallygot off on being watched, and the boy we were with really loved having two of us to play with."
~
Universal Studios was just as expected: crowded, hot, and fun. Being there when they first opened, we were able to get major attractions out of the way early and take our time with other, less crowded ones, later. By early evening, we'd had our fill, and headed back to the hotel just before the heat of the day began to dissipate. Tracy went in to take a shower and cool off while Mary and I flopped onto the bed. Despite being hot and sticky, it did not keep our hands from roaming. "Go get your showers, and let's go to dinner," Tracy said when she stepped back out, wrapped in one of the bath towels and carrying her clothes. I told Mary to go ahead first. She jumped up, grabbed clean clothes, and headed into the bath.
I was not sure what Aunt Tracy was going to do. Lying on the bed as I was, I was just idly watching her, recognizing that the towel partially covered her breasts and barely covered her butt. Stepping over to the closet she reached in and pulled out a dirty clothes bag and put her things in there, and stepped over to the dresser. Reaching in I watched as she pulled out a clean white bra and pulled on the towel which fell to the floor. Standing upright I was looking at her totally nude backside and the soft curve of the side of her breasts as she faced away from me. I had noticed before that she and Mom had similar builds, and remembering seeing Mom through her soaking sundress the previous summer wondered momentarily if she had larger, silver dollar sized, areolas like mom, or smaller ones like Mary and my sister. As I watched my naked Aunt, she wrapped her bra around herself backward, latching the hooks and then spun it around and fit her breasts into the bra. Bending forward again I saw her pick out panties and step into them, momentarily giving me a brief glance at her pussy lips between her legs. Turning, she looked at me and then with a smirk said, "Did you like that, seeing your aunt nekkid?"
"I don't know, did you like it last summer, getting to see your nephew naked?" I laughed.
"Ha!" She laughed, "Yeah, I did, although I've gotten to see a bit more of him and he was a bit more aroused this time."
"You really watched us last night?" I asked.
She nodded, reaching for her shorts and slipping them on. "I don't have anyone taking care of me, so I had to do that myself, and it's always fun to watch." It did not dawn on me that she was essentially telling me she'd masturbated while watching.
"You really used to watch Mom?" I questioned, going back to our conversation that morning at breakfast.
She nodded again. "She was quite the exhibitionist really, the instigator of everything we did. I've often wondered what would have happened if she hadn't miscarried that first time."
I just nodded, wondering myself whatwouldhave happened. Would I even be? If her pregnancy had not ended, would she have married that guy? Would she have put me up for adoption? Would she have moved out, raised me on my own, or stayed at home with Grandma and Grandpa? Would Andrea have ever been born? I decided to change the subject. "So, Uncle Roy gets a hall pass every year?" I asked, just as Mary stepped out of the bath, also wrapped in a bath towel.
"Me too. At least that was our agreement, although I've never taken advantage of it."
"Taken advantage of what?" Mary asked, obviously missing out on the entry to the conversation.
"A hall pass. Your dad and me; our arrangement. For our two weeks apart every year, if I want to have sex with someone else, I've got the same hall pass that he does."
~
The recommendation for dinner was Castaway Restaurant on the mountain behind Burbank. It turned out to be about 20 minutes away, and well worth every penny, although like with everything else, all the pennies came from Aunt Tracy who paid. It was a crystal clear evening, the view was spectacular, and would have been perfect in every respect except that they wanted to check our ID's so Mary and I were relegated to sodas and ice tea.
The view from the outdoor patio where we were seated looking over the valley, included the Hollywood-Burbank Airport and the occasionally arriving and departing jetliner, was spectacular. The lights of the San Fernando Valley twinkled and sparkled below us, the distant thrum of cars on the Interstate barely heard. There was a fire pit next to our table, but the temperature was perfect, and we were not needing any warmth from the fire.
~
"What do you think? The same time in the morning?" Aunt Tracy said, asking as much as telling, two hours later when we were back in the hotel room. "Magic Mountain, what's that about half an hour from here?"
"We can get up a little later if we want, they usually don't open until about 10," I answered, "at least that's how it was last time I was there."
"Perfect," Aunt Tracy said as she stepped into the bath carrying her pajamas with her.
"Perfect," Mary said, pushing me onto my back on the bed, her lips attacking mine as soon as the bathroom door closed behind Aunt Tracy.
That Mary was horny was readily evident, but then, so was I. My cock was rapidly growing in my pants, to the attack of my sexy cousin, my hands slipping under her shirt, and then under her bra to her bare breasts. "Perfect," I said moments later, pulling away from our kiss, my hand pushing her tee shirt up her body, and reaching behind to release her bra. She slipped the t-shirt and bra off, straddled my body and my cock as I raised my mouth to her nipples. "Your mother said she watched us last night," I said, shifting from one nipple to the other.
"Probably wishing you would fuck her, too," she whispered, bending her mouth to my ear.
"Oh yeah, sure. As if," I responded, my mind remembering my Aunt changing, seeing her pussy lips between her legs as she'd faced away from me, naked.
"Yes, as if. You can't tell she's horny?" I thought about everything that had happened. When Aunt Tracy had come out of the bath with the towel wrapped around her, shecould havepulled her panties on before dropping the towel. Shecould haveput her bra on second, so she was not standing there completely naked. Did she know I could see her pussy between her legs when she had bent forward? She had told me she'd watched Mary and me, and at least hinted that she'd seen my cock erect, and although she hadn't specifically said it, I suddenly remembered her comment about taking care of herself. I wondered if she had gotten herself off while watching us.
"Maybe. I guess I really wasn't thinking about it." I raised my head and sucked in a bare nipple.
"After you guys left last year, I told her all about what we had done, but she sort of knew that anyway. Did you know that she and your mom were talking about whether we were fucking or not?"
"Not at the time, but when mom walked in and caught Andrea and me, she said they'd been discussing it. I think she was more surprised that you and Andrea were playing, too."
"Umm, that's nice," she cooed, moving her body so that I would suck on her other nipple. "Mom wasn't that surprised. She knows my good friend and I have played a lot, just the way she and your mom used to." She wiggled her crotch against my erection. "She said she saw you naked and when I told her you had a really nice cock, she said she thought it looked like it was."
Although Aunt Tracy had gone into the bathroom with her nightclothes, presumably to change, meant she would probably be coming out momentarily. "Are you going to cover up?" I asked Mary, concerned that she would come out and find us, particularly Mary, partially clothed, "Won't your mom probably be coming out in a moment?"
"Do you want me to," she giggled. "She's like your sister, she likes to watch, you know."
I had not particularly thought about it, thinking that Mary was probably getting ready for bed by getting undressed, without thinking that she might have let me take her shirt and bra off for a different reason. "You want her to watch... us?" I asked, the occurrences of the trysts in the loft from the summer before suddenly coming clear in my mind. "Is that why you were bringing Andrea with you into the loft last year?" Although it had expanded into sexual activity between Andrea and me, eventually leading to us fucking and mom walking in on us while I was buried to my balls in my sister, initially it had just been her watching and listening while I didn't even know she was there.
"A little. I like showing off, but Andrea said she /wanted to watch, too. Don't you think it's hot being watched?"
"And you want your mother to watch?" She pulled up away from my mouth, and I raised my hands to cup her breasts, and now looking into my eyes I could see the lust. "That turns you on, doesn't it?" I whispered. She did not answer, just rocked her crotch even harder against my cock. "That's it, isn't it? You want your mother to see you fucking. To watchusfucking," I belatedly changed the wording, the thought of what had happened so far running through my mind.
Our conversation came to a halt with the opening of the bathroom door. I could not help it, even though Mary was sitting on me, totally exposed, I involuntarily pulled my hands back from her breasts. Aunt Tracy stepped out, and immediately stopped just one step into the room. I guiltily looked toward her, meeting her eyes. "Looks like you guys are already having fun," she said and walked on by. "Didn't even wait for lights out tonight, huh? Bathroom's open." She didn't giggle, but I could hear the tease in her voice.
I knew she had seen me fondling Mary, or at least seen my hands jerk back from her breasts. That Mary was topless and sitting on me, she made no mention of.
"Go ahead," I whispered to Mary, "I'll go last." Bending down to me she kissed me again, and just stood up. She made no effort to hide her breasts, just grabbed her PJs, walked into the bath, and closed the door.
"She told me all about you guys and what you did last year, you know." Aunt Tracy said. "I know you guys are having sex, but it's just sex. I know I'm probably cramping your style a little, but it is what it is." She giggled, "She is a bit of a showoff, isn't she?"
I thought about it for a moment before answering. "Takes after her mother?"
Tracy burst out laughing. "More like takes afteryourmother. Your mother was always the one that liked to be watched."
"TMI," I said. Despite having witnessed Mom and Dad having sex at Christmas, it was from afar and practically anonymous. I could picture Andrea or Mary or my ex-girlfriend Stephanie or any of several others, naked, sucking my cock, spreading their pussies before my eyes; I could picture my cock sinking deeper and deeper into their steamy depths. I could picture their breasts, and nipples and my hands or mouth fondling or pleasuring them, but my mind blanked out when it came to picturing my mother that way. In my mind I could see her bare breasts in the elevator, her larger areolas crinkled around her erect nipple, but when it came to thinking about her having sex, watching a cock slip into her, or her sucking a cockfrom an up-close location,I just couldn't do it. "Not you?" I asked in response.
"It was your mother that liked being watched. I didn't mind being watched but I liked watching more." She was sitting on the edge of the bed, putting lotion on her legs as she said this, leaning forward just a bit so that the top of her PJs gapped open a bit allowing a valley of cleavage to be seen. The way her breasts wobbled from her movements just accented that they were unencumbered, even though being in pajamas I knew this already to be the case. My mind flashed back to their basement the year before when I had been thinking about Aunt Tracy, probably in the loft, and naked. I had not spanked the monkey, but I had become a bit flushed at the thought. And now, seeing her wobbling breasts, the question of what it would be like to fuck her once again momentarily crossed my mind before I pushed it aside.
"But you watched us last night?" I asked, I thought she had, but she had not totally confirmed it. I heard the toilet flush, the sound of running water in the sink.
"You two are pretty hot together." Again, she didn't say yes.
I was not sure how to interpret or react to all of this. Even though Mary was my fuckbuddy cousin rather than my girlfriend, my "girlfriend's" mother was saying it was "hot" to watch us fucking? My "girlfriend" had said that her mother had seen my cock, and thought I had a "nice one", and sort of implied she would like to see me with an erection? My "girlfriend" had gotten half-undressed, and her mother had seen me playing with her boobs and hadn't said anything? My "girlfriend's" mother was saying that she liked to watch, and implying she would like to watch us fucking, perhaps even more visibly and up close than the previous night? Just then the door opened, and Mary came out, no longer topless having put her PJs on. I just stood up and grabbed my toothbrush and gym shorts and went into the bath.
Mary and Aunt Tracy were both already in bed when I came back out, only the light next to Aunt Tracy's bed still on. She was lying on her side, back towards us, reading a book and ostensibly ignoring us. I put my boxers into my bag, pulled up the sheet, and slipped into bed.
Lying on my back, I put my arm out and Mary immediately cuddled up to my side. 'You left your shorts on," she said, her upper hand sliding down my stomach, her fingers slipping under the edge of the elastic top and stroking back and forth.
I glanced over to Aunt Tracy's back and the light. "Take 'em off," Mary quietly whispered into my ear, "I want you naked with me."
"You're not naked," I responded, my hand stroking her shoulder through the sheet that she had pulled completely over her.
"That's easy to fix," she whispered back. Pulling away, she sat up and, pushing the sheet aside momentarily, unbuttoned her top until she could pull it over her head and then rolled onto her back. Raising her hips, she slipped her bottoms off. Fishing them out from under the sheet she dropped them both off the side of the bed. "And now you," she whispered, her mouth to my ear, her lips and teeth nibbling on my earlobe.
I glanced at Aunt Tracy once again, a bit uneasy about being completely naked with her there, even though she'd seen me that way with the lights on at least once before, and she'd been in the room while we'd had sex the night before, but she was still looking the other way. I raised my hips, sliding my shorts to my feet where I then pulled them completely off. I was going to put them under my pillow where they would be easy to find, but Mary grabbed them from me, reared back, and tossed them toward my bag. Hitting the corner of Aunt Tracy's bed, they stopped there, meaning that if I were to try and get them back, I had to walk naked those few steps. It did not matter though, that would have to be later as once she tossed my shorts away, Mary turned further and rolled partly on top of me, her lips searching out mine.
I did not mind her attacking me, although I tried to arrange the sheet so that it was over us, but Mary didn't seem to mind. As I tried to cover us, she shrugged it off her shoulders, pushing it down to our waists. There was no doubt that she was horny and wanting sex, her kiss was lustful, and her hands roamed my chest and belly. Once again, I glanced at Aunt Tracy, still only seeing her back ignoring us, and as I turned my face back to Mary, she rose higher to place her breast at my mouth. There was no doubt about it, even though I was trying to not betooblatant and out in the open, Mary was not. She was not taking no for an answer; she wanted sex now and didn't care if her mother rolled over and saw us playing.
"Oh! Yes..." she whispered as I suckled her nipple, my hand sliding down her back and onto her bottom. "That's so nice," she whispered, lowering her mouth to my ear, and then shifted her body so I could suckle her other nipple. At least her whispers indicatedsomeof our interaction she wasn't trying to share with her mother. Her one hand had been on my chest and stomach but now ranged further down, finding, and gripping my erection. I wasn't particularly thinking of what was next, with her so obviously already aroused and wanting sex. With her half on top of me, I guess I sort of thought she was going to move on top and mount me. Instead, she slipped back beside me, took the sheet, and moved it down and off, leaving both of us totally naked on top of the bed except for our lower legs. With me, on my back and erect, Mary's hand once again on my cock, I was completely exposed. Mary, lying beside me with her one leg over the top of mine and on her side, was not quite as exposed but that she was completely nude would be obvious if Aunt Tracy had rolled over and looked.
I tried to reach for the sheet and pull it back over us, at least a little, but Mary had no intentions of allowing that. "What are you doing? She can see us." I whispered, caressing her back but not fighting too strongly.
"So?" she whispered back, once again nibbling at my ear, her hand gripping my cock now holding it upright. "You know she wants to..." I glanced over at Aunt Tracy one more time, and found her position unchanged from before.
Mary's hand had been gripping my cock, not just holding but slowly stroking. Somehow, now, I realized her grip and teasing had changed from just enjoying me, to masturbating me. With it lying down against my stomach she stroked it that way. Stopping, she raised her hand to her mouth and wet her thumb, and then reaching back down she wiped her saliva-slicked thumb across the head. I convulsed from the momentary intensity when she did that, but almost immediately her hand again wrapped around my shaft. Lifting it upright, perpendicular, where if she were to straddle my body she could slide right down on me, instead she continued to slowly stroke up and down.
Was I bashful? I don't know, perhaps that was it, but somehow, us having sex in front of her mother, seemed that it should be forbidden. Was it any different doing it under the sheets with her mother in the nearby bed, probably listening, maybe even watching? I thought again of Andrea and me, and my mother walking in with my bare ass in the air, Andrea's legs wrapped around mine and my cock buried to the hilt inside my sister. Was that any different than Mary and me... "Mom?" Mary's voice, no longer close to a whisper, broke into my thoughts.
"What?" I heard Aunt Tracy turn in her bed, and then, "Oh!" a short pause, and then "Oh my!" and then -- nothing. Mary was smiling, like the cat that ate the canary, and made no effort to stop stroking me and I realized she fully intended to jack me off. She'd played with my cock before, multiple times, but each of those times had devolved into a blowjob or fucking. This was not like those occasions; I understood fully that, this time, she was stroking my cock intending to make me cum with her hand, with her mother watching. I could not look, but I knewshewas.
"Oh... you're so hard!" Mary crooned into my ear, "she's watching... she's going to see you cum..." I knew this was true, I could feel the pressure boiling up in the base of my cock even as she said it. I expect it was the thought that my cousin was giving me a hand job with her mother watching that was the psychological trigger, but regardless of the cause, I knew it was happening fast. Seemingly seconds after Mary had said "Mom", and suddenly I was there. I grunted, my hips involuntarily rising to force my cock higher into the air and uncontrollable jets of cum blasting between Mary's fingers into the air, landing on my stomach and her hands and fingers.
"Stop... Stop!" I gritted out, the intensity of the sensation of my cock head too much to take more stimulation. The stroking stopped, Mary just now having her hand gently around my cock and playing with the dripping semen now seemingly coating me everywhere.
For the moment Aunt Tracy was forgotten, until she said, "Wow, I'd forgotten how much fun a hand job can be. That was just like watching your mom and Bill Benson way back when." I turned and found her sliding her legs off of her bed towards us. "Do you need a Kleenex?" she asked, standing, and turning toward the bath. A moment later she returned, a wad of Kleenex in her hand, which she handed to Mary. "I might have to get me one of those," she giggled as Mary began wiping up the mess on my belly, her hand still holding my shrinking cock upright. Aunt Tracy just stood there watching for a moment before she said, "She was right, she said you had a nice cock."
Mary was still horny, and unlike a lot of times when my first orgasm has been through fucking and, if I just continue moving, I can keep hard -- there was no way that was happening this time. My orgasm had been so complete, my cock had almost instantly shrunk completely. Aunt Tracy turned back and climbed into her bed and immediately shut the light off, even before Mary had finished wiping me down. When she finished, I took the cum rag and walked naked into the bath, depositing the sodden mess into the toilet and flushing. Blinded with the light now out, I picked my way back to bed in the dark, only to have Mary immediately attack me with kisses. I knew she was still as horny as ever, but I was out of it, at least for a few minutes. I pulled her ear to me, "Give me a couple of minutes, and I'll help you," I whispered. Although she was not happy about it, she sighed and snuggled into my shoulder.
I began to recover, and at the same time, I thought about what had happened. What exactly did Aunt Tracy mean when she said, "She might need to get herself one of those?" Obviously with Uncle Roy not with them and off having an affair of his own, although with her permission, and she said she also had a hall pass if she wanted, it would seem that having seen Mary jacking me off she wanted something sexual also. But what? And that reference to someone I had never heard of before, who the hell was that?
"Who is Bill Benson?" I asked aloud into the dark. It was intended for Aunt Tracy. I knew she had not gone to sleep, there was not enough time for that to have happened. Mary had been cuddled to my arm and now rose onto an elbow looking at me, trying to decipher whether I was talking to her or not.
"He was... one of our boyfriends back in the day." Aunt Tracy had understood perfectly, probably in that she was the only one that could really answer the question.
"And?" I asked, and when she did not say anything, I continued. "Watching Mom and Bill Benson? What was that about?"
"Well, I guess. I mentioned him so I guess I should explain." She said, and then paused before continuing. "Bill was, um, one of ouryoungerlovers, and um, he sort-of had a short fuse. At first, we thought he was just not a very good lover, he would cum quite quickly and then wasn't much good for anything. That was back when your mom and I were playing together a lot, and although he would get off, he seldom got us off and left us where we had to play by ourselves. He was not a good lover at all. We never seemed to have a lot of time though, and then one day we had all afternoon and found out he recovered in about half an hour or so, and then after that, he was completely different. The second time, he could go virtually forever without coming. Once we found out that, we would take turns giving him a hand job as soon as we were together, and then half an hour later we'd start playing." She giggled, "He really was a one-shot wonder. The last time I saw anyone else give a hand job was your mother and Billy, probably 25 years ago? Maybe more?"
Although it hadn't been but just a few minutes, Mary's hand had been on my stomach and now when she reached down to my cock, I felt it expand slightly to her fondling. She giggled, "Well, Rick doesn't take that long, and he always lasts a lot longer the second time, too."
"Hmmm." It was not a statement from Aunt Tracy, almost as if it were not intended to be heard.
"What?"
"Oh, just remembering."
"Remembering what?" I asked when she didn't continue.
"Oh, I shouldn't tell." It was one of those statements that I could just tell she was going to -- if we asked. I did not have to.
"Tell what?" Mary said, her hand once again playing with my cock. Tracy giggled.
"Oh, it's just that he was the opposite of Billy. Jerry Taylor. He had a cock that wouldn't go down until he'd cum three times."
"Who was Jerry Taylor?" I asked, knowing I heard the name before but not remembering as it meant nothing to me.
"The guy that got Mary pregnant. He was our first, for both of us."
"You got pregnant?" I asked, startled that Mary had gotten pregnant before, and I had never heard about it, causing Aunt Tracy to laugh.
"No, yourmotherMary, not yourcousinMary."
"Oh."
"Did you cum the first time you had sex?" I recognized the question was aimed at Mary, and not me, but since I had asked whom Jerry was, apparently it didn't click with Mary.
"Me?" she asked, her hand slipping down further in the dark to fondle my balls. That she was trying to raise me from the dead I had no doubt, and I was already beginning to resurrect from her hand job of a few moments before.
"Of course, you, sweetheart. WeknowRick did," she giggled, "it's us girls that sometimes don't."
"Oh." She did not answer immediately and then confessed. "No."
"I know, it's not unusual. I know a lot of women don't, but usually, it's the man's fault. They just don't yet know how to take care of us." There was just a slight pause, and she began to tell us what she was remembering. "Jerry was... I guess he was the perfect first time. Daddy would have killed him if he'd known." She giggled. "He was probably twice our age, like... I don't know... In his thirties? We had been flirting with him every time we saw him, lots of innuendos and teases. We knew we were playing with fire, but knew we wanted to play with something besides fire. He'd been hired to help with the harvest, so he was only there for a couple of weeks." She paused, I could not tell whether she was just thinking, or wondering whether she should really tell us this.
"Mary and I were spending that night across the road at her house," she continued a moment later, "and had snuck out to go see if he was up. We were both horny and when we decided to sneak out, we decided to just wear what we had on - our nighties without robes. It was almost a moonless night. My house was dark, as Mom and Dad always went to bed early. Jerry was sitting outside his trailer in the dark, drinking a beer. We did not see him at first, all he had on was some dark underwear, and then he lifted his beer to take a drink and it was his white upper arms that we saw move. He always wore work clothes during the day, so his arms and face were tanned but his upper arms and body weren't. He had seen us coming over, and once we saw him, he said "What are you two cock teases coming over here for?" He wouldn't have talked that way around dad, but he was right of course, that's exactly what we were doing, whether we'd admitted it to ourselves or not." She paused briefly in the story. "We flirted back and forth a bit, and when he finished his beer, he set the bottle beside his chair and reached out his hand to me. I stepped forward and he pulled me down into his lap. His one hand went behind my head and pulled me to him to kiss me, and at the same time, his other hand went onto my breasts. I just let him play with my tits and kissed him, but he pulled away after a moment and said, "It's right there, you know you want it," and then took my hand and guided it down to his cock. He said, "Isn't that what you two cock teases want, a hard cock?" I'd jerked my hand away almost instantly, it was the first cock I'd ever felt, and when I did, he pushed me up and out of his lap. "What about you," he said and reached his hand out to Mary. She took his hand and let him pull her down into his lap just like he had me, and I could see him feeling her up, and her hand sliding down onto his cock. I could see when she slipped her hand inside his shorts and regretted having chickened out and not done that myself. He slid her out of his lap and said, "Come on." When we asked to where, he said, "The hayloft, we're too exposed out here. Just in case someone comes out." I knew they would not, Mom and Dadnevergot up once they went to bed, but we went with him. So, he was the first for both of us and unlike Billy who was a while later, he wasanythingbut a short fuse. He ended up doing me first. He had followed me up the ladder and no sooner had we gotten to the top than he grabbed my nightie, pulled me to him, and pulled it off.
"I don't know how he knew, but he asked if this was my first time. When I said yes, he asked Mary if it was her first time also and she said it was too. He'd been a bit forceful in pulling my nightie off, but from then on he was surprisingly gentle. Although he would get pretty rambunctious over the following days, he lay down on his back and had us get on top. He guided himself into place and then let us slide him inside that first time. After he was in us, he turned us over and took over.
"I don't know how many women he'd ever been with, but he really knew how to take care of us. It felt ok to have him in me to start with, and then he kept doing things, and even though he came, he stayed hard and kept going. It was a couple of minutes before I had an orgasm and he pulled out. He immediately reached for Mary and pulled her to him. Just like with me he stripped her nightgown off, laid it on a hay bale, and then pushed her back onto it. He was on his knees and pulled her panties off and went down on her until he made her cum, and then immediately laid back onto the blanket and pulled her down on top of him, and let her slide onto him at her own speed.
"That was our first time, and our first time watching the other do it. After he made sure she'd cum, just like he had with me, I was all hot and really wanted to do it again, but he said to give him a minute. It was not much more than a minute or two, and he turned to me and pushed me back onto Mary's nightie on the hay bale and did me with his tongue, too. By that time, he was hard again, and he did me a second time. Afterward, he told us we had to go home, as he had to go to bed, and he would not be able to do it again for a while. The following night as soon as Mom and Dad were in bed, we snuck out and the three of us did it again. He was always good for three times and would give us multiple orgasms with his tongue or cock. The second night, Mary got him first and twice, just like I had the first night, and after that, we always took turns going first. She would get him twice one night; I'd get him twice the next. He was only there a few weeks, but he fucked us royally almost the whole time."
By the time she finished telling this, with Mary playing with me the whole time, I was again totally hard. "You didn't use any protection?" Mary asked.
"Nothing. I guess we were really lucky that we didn't get anything from him, except maybe Mary getting pregnant."
"And you didn't?"
"No, just lucky. We knew something was up when Mary missed her period a week after he left. We were together so much, our periods always coincided, so when I got mine and she didn't, we were pretty sure. Luckily, she miscarried about 10 weeks after that, but by then we'd been a bit more educated on how to take care of ourselves."
I had not exactly been just lying there while Aunt Tracy was telling us all this. My hands had been roaming all over Mary's breasts and body, and now she rolled over toward me, her crotch pressed against my leg and I suddenly remembered I hadn't done a thing for her yet. She was rubbing her clit against my leg, and I slid my hand down between her crotch and my leg. She shivered when my finger found her clit and she leaned back up to kiss me. That Aunt Tracy was right there, having just told us about her first time, was forgotten as her daughter pushed herself further up my body. She aligned her pussy with my cock, I could feel her wetness coating my rigidity, and when I reached down for my cock, she rose that little bit needed to let me in, and then lowered herself onto me.
Initially, Mary lay back down on top of me, passionately kissing me, but it was just moments before she rose back up into a cowgirl position. Any thought of sheets and staying under them was long gone, except for my feet under the sheet, we were now totally exposed and on top of the bed. I didn't even look over at Aunt Tracy, even though the darkness wasn't nearly so dark since our eyes had adjusted to the little bit of light in the room. But I knew that if she was watching, she was seeing her totally nude daughter fucking her totally nude nephew.
I was perfectly happy to let Mary work her magic on our bodies. My hands rose to her delectable breasts, her nipples hard beneath my fingers. I reached down with one hand to thumb her clit, eliciting shivers of delight when I did. Having cum from her hand job just a few minutes before, I lasted much longer than I would have otherwise. Mary began to shudder in orgasm, and on the brink of another myself, I began lifting into her, forcing myself deeper inside her, when I heard something from the other bed. Rolling my head to that side, I saw Aunt Tracy, also on top of the covers. Although still with her pajamas in place, I could see one hand down her bottoms, and another under her top, apparently tweaking a nipple. Her eyes were wide, staring at us, an orgasm causing her body to shudder. I had been on the brink myself, and that was all it took as my cock throbbed inside Mary.
~
"You kids are going to drive me crazy," Aunt Tracy said in the morning after they had gotten up and dressed and were headed down to breakfast, and then giggled. "I think I'd kind of forgotten how hot it is to watch others playing." I had unusually awoken quite a bit earlier and snuck out to find the gym.
"Why? Do you want a turn too? Hey Ricky, want a go with Mom?"
"Mary!" She giggled, "He's my nephew."
"So? He's my cousin and a great fuck too. What do you think Rick, want to make Mom happy?" I ignored that and didn't answer as the elevator stopped at another floor, the door opened and an older couple joined us. They turned around to face the door, and my mind slipped to that older couple, suddenly trying to estimate just how old they were. If I was 21, Aunt Tracy (who a few years before I would have called "old") was only about 43 or 44, then this couple must have been in perhaps their 60's? 70's? I could not help where my mind went when I looked down at the woman's ass in some pants and, except that I knew she was much older than me, she still had a nice ass. I wondered if they still regularly had sex. I shook my head, unable to imagine, not really wanting to imagine, that. And then I thought about what Mary had asked, and Aunt Tracy had answered. She had not said shedidn'twant a go with me, just that she was getting horny listening, and last night, seeing Aunt Tracy with a hand in her pajama bottoms and another playing with her nipples, I knew she had been watching and couldn't help but wonder if she was imagining me taking care of her too.
Six Flags Magic Mountain was all roller coasters and thrill rides, and even though there were many more people Mary's and my age, there were a lot of Aunt Tracy's age also. I don't know what it is about roller coasters that kids of all ages seem to like the thrill. Mary and I did, and although every time we had to convince Aunt Tracy to go with us, she did too. We all three went on most; there were only a couple that one of us did not go. We did them all, hands in the air going over the top, screams and grabbing the rails, twisting upside down while hanging, and then getting into line to do yet another. Apparently, we chose a good day, midweek, as the lines were minimal until late in the day. We spent the day, right up until almost closing, when I told the ladies we needed to leave.
When Aunt Tracy asked if there was any rush, there was still almost an hour to closing, I told them I'd taken the time that morning, after I'd gotten up before them and gone down to the hotel gym for a while, to stop by the concierge desk and find out about another great restaurant. When I told the concierge we were going to Magic Mountain for the day, she suggested we go to The Odyssey for dinner, in nearby Granada Hills. It was a sister restaurant to the Castaway, and had just as phenomenal a view of the San Fernando Valley -- just from a different perspective.
~
I went in to take a shower first when we got back to the hotel. I knew I was hot and sticky after a sweltering day of roller coasters and crowds. The two of them were talking when I came out, wearing just my nylon gym shorts, although whatever they were talking about, I didn't know as they immediately changed the subject and decided that Aunt Tracy would go in next.
Mary was still hot and sticky but that did not keep us from lying on the bed and making out, our first time alone since the previous night. "She liked watching us last night," Mary giggled as my hands found her breasts. Slipping up under her shirt I pushed her bra aside, my fingers finding her nipples.
What she had said the night before popped into my mind. "What do you think she meant when she said she might "have to get me one of those?" I asked. Her hand slid down to my crotch, finding, and rubbing my cock through my pants, before prying up the elastic band and slipping her cool hand inside and around my rapidly growing cock.
"I don't know, maybe a twenty-something-year-old cock that works more than once a night?" She giggled. "She's got the hots for you, you know?"
"And how do you know that?" I whispered, my cock erecting to her caress, my lips nibbling on her ear.
"She told me."
"Oh, she did, did she? MyAuntsaid she wanted to fuck me, to her daughter?"
"Well, she didn't outright say that she wanted tofuckyou, but I know she wouldn't turn it down if she had a chance."
I thought about what she said momentarily before saying, "That would be a bit weird, wouldn't it?"
"How so?"
"For God's sake Mary, she could almost be my mother."
"And I could almost be your sister. And she still likes sex, she just does not get it as much as she used to, andwe'vecertainly had a good time." She giggled. "Who's better, me or your sister?" I ignored her question.
"She told you that?"
"Yeah. I did not know about Dad having an affair with Rachel, but last year Mom told me that he always gave her a bit moreattentionwhen we got back from our annual vacation. When I said, "You mean he gives you a bit more sex?" she laughed and admitted that although she loved him dearly, he wasn't nearly the man he was 25 years ago, and for her, once or twice a week wasn't nearly enough loving."
I thought back to the picture of Uncle Roy in his Marine uniform; trim, buff, and although I do not normally 'rate' men, admittedly not bad looking. I compared that, in my mind, to the image of him now, knowing he would need to lose at least 50 pounds to get back to his Marine Corps weight; a bit of a paunch, a very thin covering of hair whenever he took off his ubiquitous ball cap. I wondered what it was that Rachel McMartin, (McAndrews? Mc something or other -- I couldn't remember) saw in him. I briefly wondered whether she was married to someone else -- was she cheating onherhusband, or just cheating on Aunt Tracy? I remembered seeing her in the barnyard while I had been ogling Mary and Andrea's butts, and admitting to myself that her butt wasn't too bad either. Obviously, Uncle Roy must have thought she had a cute butt also, but then again, Aunt Tracy had a pretty nice butt herself. I remembered Aunt Tracy saying she had had a conversation with Rachel and given her permission to have an affair with her husband.
"You don't think it would be weird for me to have sex with your mother?" I asked again. "That's almost like asking if I want to have sex withmymother."
"Did you ever think about that? Having sex with your mother?"
"Oh, Hell no."
"Even when you were watching at Christmas?"
"No." I did not need to even think about that. "That was like watching a porn movie. It was hot, but it was almost anonymous, just people that I happened to know. I couldn't ever imaginemedoing that to her. My God, she's my mother."
"What about my mother? Ever think of doing her?" I started to say no, and then realized that I had. Just before Aunt Tracy had seen me naked with a pudgy, I had indeed been wondering what it would be like to fuck my aunt. My lack of a forthright answer was apparently enough. "You have, haven't you!"
"That's different though, I didn't come from her. That would just be wrong."
"Why? Animals do it all the time."
"What?" I questioned, knowing virtually nothing about animal husbandry.
"Animals. Dogs, Pigs, Horses. If they're kept together, a stallion will run off the younger one, but if the offspring are kept in the same pen as the mother and she goes into heat, the male will mate with the mother. If they are kept with the mares, even if they're brother and sister, they'll fuck each other, especially the stallion. If they're in the same pen as their daughter, when she goes into heat, he'll do her without question. If dogs are all kept together, and there is no older male to run them off, they will fuck too. It's all about sex, not who they're related to." I didn't say anything for a moment, thinking about what she was saying when she continued. "And what about you and Andrea? Fucking your sister?"
"But that's just sex. We were both horny and..." I did not continue the verbal thought, my mind contemplating what Mary was telling me, and the reality that I had indeed been bedding my sister. Not all the time, just when we were both horny, just when we were both unattached to anyone else. Particularly when she was horny, when she was "in heat." And it was just... sex. Hot, unadulterated, steamy, satisfying, incestuous sex. AndsheI reallywasa direct blood relation to, whereas Mary and Aunt Tracy were at least a step removed.
"Your turn," Aunt Tracy said as the bathroom door opened. I glanced up and Aunt Tracy was again wrapped in a towel, just as she had been the two previous nights, dirty clothes in hand. I realized she could have taken clothes in with her, but three times now she had gone in without and come back barely covered with a towel. Mary squeezed my cock and pulled her hand from my pants, the elastic snapping them back in place although almost catching my cock. When I looked back at Aunt Tracy, she was not looking at us, whether she'd seen Mary's hand in my pants or not, I didn't know. Mary just walked to the bath; I did not even think that she hadn't taken her pajamas with her either. I followed her to the bathroom door with my eyes before I looked back.
Aunt Tracy was near the end of the bed, the towel wrapped around her, just like the previous days, and it was barely enough to cover her. If she had pulled it higher, her breasts would have been mostly covered but I knew her pussy and bottom would be totally exposed. If she had pulled it lower, I know her boobs would have popped out. As it was, standing upright, her pussy and ass were covered, but the majority of her breasts were bare. Her nipples had not been visible when she'd walked by, but I suspected they were just barely covered. Although I had been a bit oblivious until now, with all that Mary had told me over the last few minutes, I suddenly understood what was happening: Aunt Tracy had been showing off, making herself as sexy and alluring as possible without actually just throwing herself out there. I stood up from the bed and, as I stepped towards her, she must have heard me. Just like the prior day, she had bent to put her dirty clothes into the bag in the closet, her bottom peeking out beneath the edge as she bent forward. Now she turned and found me stepping up to her. "What?" She said, instantly a touch of fear in her eyes, changing as I moved towards her into lust. I had not judged wrong.
I stepped up to Aunt Tracy, well within her personal space, but said nothing for the moment. "I think," I said, reaching up with one hand to the overlap of the towel, "that you've been teasing me." Her hand rose to the towel, but made no attempt to really stop me as I fingered the overlap, working it loose. When it pulled away, without the pressure of the tuck, the entire towel slipped and I just let it fall to the floor leaving my Aunt nude and, for the first time, facing me. I did not move any closer, just let my eyes caress up and down her body, purposely leering at my now-naked Aunt.
I thought Aunt Tracy was a pretty good-looking woman for someone my mother's age. I was normally strongly attracted to girls my age, give or take a couple of years. I did not mind looking at and enjoying hot women who were 5 or 10 or 15 years older. I had even admitted to myself, in the shower the previous summer, that Aunt Tracy would have been quite the piece of ass back in her time and would have been fun to play with in the hay loft. And now, here I was, just a year later, admiring her naked body.
I had seen her in nice fitting blouses, and a form-fitting sweater, at one time. I had seen down the front of her pajama tops before, the gentle wobble of her unencumbered breasts; the deep cleavage accenting the gorgeous globes that I was now looking at.
Her breasts were larger than Mary's or Andrea's or any girlfriend I had ever had except for one, but at the same time they weren't huge. Large grapefruit-sized, rounded tits; large areolas surrounded her eraser-sized nipples. Whether they were naturally erect or not, they were quite large and erect now. I let my eyes trace down her body to a thatch of pubic hair. I was not sure whether it was trimmed or just natural length, although there was no hint of any shaving down below.
My cock hadn't been fully erect when Mary had relinquished her grip on it, pulling her hand from my pants as she headed into the bath. I realized that my cock was stiffening up even more, just looking at the sexy and naked body of my aunt.
I had heard eating pussy described as "muff diving" before, and realized that for the first time, I was seeing a true "muff." Mary had her pubes trimmed into a nice landing strip, her labia and the remainder of her pussy bare, as required by the skimpy bikini she'd had last summer and worn just the once that I saw as we'd gone skinny dipping more than anything the summer before. My sister Andrea kept her kitty naked, all her hair shaved off. My ex-girlfriend Stephanie had also kept a landing strip of pubic hair, a bar rising from just above her clit to the top of her bikini. But I knew Aunt Tracy didn't have a bikini like Mary, her more motherly body better accented in a one-piece than in a skimpy bikini, and I realized that natural was quite sexy too.
She did not say anything for a moment as my eyes caressed her and then tried to backtrack. "Rick..." and then an "Oh!" as I raised my hand and cupped her breast, my thumb and finger coming together on her nipple, a sudden shudder coursing through her body. I slipped my other hand onto her hip, and then slid it up her side to her other breast, holding both in my hands at the same time, my thumbs and fingers pinching together on both nipples. Never letting my eyes leave hers, I let my first hand caress down her body to her pubic hair; fondling her pubes with my fingers, finding the ridges and folds of her pussy beneath them, delving further until my finger slipped between her lips. I oriented my location where my finger was when I slipped between her folds, finding a moist heat there already. Looking into her eyes, I saw her lower lip pull in between her teeth. I raised my hand just a bit, coming in contact with the hard pleasure button hidden in the folds of her labia, eliciting another shuddering convulsion in her body.
Despite that she was twenty-some years older than me, I knew that I was totally in my control. From the moment that I had pulled the towel loose, she had been mine and was giving herself to me. If I had told her to drop to her knees and suck me, I knew she would. I knew that if I had turned her bottom to the bed and pushed her back, sliding between her legs and into her, she would have let me. If I had turned her over and fingered her ass, she would have let me. I had no idea whether she was into anal, doggy style, or just plain missionary; I just knew she was going to let me do anything that I wanted. Her tales, herconfessionthat she'd been into watching and being watched, so many years before with my mother, I realized had basically been saying that she wanted to do it again.
I reached over and took her hand, pulling it to my shorts and me. I was totally erect now, her hand gripping me through my nylon shorts. I lifted her hand until her fingertips were at the elastic and then, when they fondled the edge of my shorts, pushed downward just a bit. Her hand slid under the waistband and wrapped around my cock.
I moved my finger sideways across her clitoris, causing a convulsion to rumble through her body as it flipped aside under the pressure of my fingertip. "Oh my God, he's so hard," she said, her hand gripping my cock, just sliding up and down the shaft with her hand. "Oh... I want to see it!" she said a moment later, her hand letting go of my cock and rising to the edge of my shorts, where she met her other hand to push them down. Once she got them over my erection, my shorts fell straight to the floor leaving me standing in front of her with my cock pointing upward towards her in almost a 45-degree angle.
"Uncle Roy doesn't get hard?" I questioned, wondering exactly what it was that she was thinking.
"Not like this, not anymore." I heard the bathroom door open, and Aunt Tracy's eyes turned toward the bathroom.
Turning my own head, I saw Mary standing in the doorway where she had stopped, looking at her mother and me. Just as her mother had earlier, she also had just a towel wrapped around herself, her dirty clothes in hand. Her face changed into a wooden scowl, looking right at her mother, and said, "You said you wanted to get one ofyour own, mother! That one ismine."
Despite all the hints of everything that had happened, for just a split second I had anOh Shit!moment, and then she broke into a grin. "But I'll share." Stepping up to my side she tossed her clothes toward the open closet door and put her arm around me. I turned my face to hers and she raised hers to mine, to join me in a kiss. "Oh My God, this is going to be hot," she said, pulling the tuck of her towel and letting it join the other on the floor, all three of us now totally nude. "Has she sucked you yet?"
"No," I answered, shaking my head in the negative.
"Well? What are you waiting for, Mom? Need me to show you how it is done? I know you guys did hand jobs back in the day..."
"Not always," Aunt Tracy said, slowly sinking to her knees in front of me. Moments later she took me in her mouth, eliciting the first of many groans from me that evening.
~
Unlike with Andrea, Mary and her mother did not play together with each other, just together with me. Both were demanding of attention, and I took turns trying to satisfy them both. It was, as I had suspected, they both enjoyed watching and being watched. Just as with Mary and Andrea the year before, Mary was the Master of Ceremonies, directing every step of the way. When I finally sank my cock into Tracy for the first time, it was her daughter whose hand was wrapped around me guiding me into place. When I sank my cock into Mary, it was her mother watching and saying, "Oh My God, that is sohot!"
I fucked them both, that is,wefucked several times, but it was when I pulled out of Tracy, my cum spreading throughout her pubic hair, that I realized the great value of being closely trimmed or hairless -- cleanup was quick and easy. With cum spread throughout Tracy's pubes, she had to go to the bathroom and clean up whereas with Mary she just picked up a towel and wiped off.
"See Mom? I told you that you should shave it."
"Och!" Tracy snorted back. "I don't mind. Besides, that style is for you kids."
"Oh?" Mary threw back at her. "Hey Rick, would you rather eat me, or eat Mom?" I glanced back and forth between them. Sated for the moment myself, I understood this was all a tease.
"Well, I can't say as I've ever had to pick hair out of my teeth with any other girlfriend I've ever had, " I tried to be non-committal, although Tracy's muff around my tongue when I'd gone down on her hadn't been that bad. Actually, I had to admit it was different and perhaps a bit exotic because of that. I suspected that if performing tongue magic around pubic hair was all that "bad" that cunnilingus might never have been invented.
"That was almost like it was years ago with Jerry, doing us both before he needed to rest," Aunt Tracy said. All three of us had crawled up onto Tracy's bed after I came, and although I had softened up quite a bit after I did, I had only cum once. Tracy had been on fire, the first time I had done her standing beside the bed. I'd positioned her pussy right on the edge, spreading her legs and sliding up between them I'd pushed my cock towards her pussy, catching her pubic muff and sliding too high, but Mary instantly moved closer, reached down, and guided my cock to her Mother's hot box.
"Oh, God I love to do that," she said, watching my cock sliding in and out of her mother, "you can't believe how hot that is."
"What? I said, barely able to follow what she was saying or asking something, my concentration focused on the shaft and head of my cock sliding in and out of Aunt Tracy.This is perfect,I thought, realizing that Tracy and I were at exactly the right angle, her vagina not too tight, not too loose, and extremely wet. Her pussy fit me like a well-worn glove, my cock seemingly disappearing inside her. She came quite rapidly, her body arching up onto her shoulders as her back came off the bed. I bottomed out in her and stopped as she quivered on my cock, her back slowly falling back to the bed.
"Sliding your cock into her pussy, just like I wanted to with Andrea," Mary answered my question. "You can't believe how hot that makes me, guiding you into someone else." As I'd quit my movement in Tracy she almost immediately said, "Did you cum? Are you still hard?"
"No, yeah," I answered, panting, not intending to be unclear in my response, unable to cogently form an answer with my cock wrapped in the silky warmth of Tracy's vagina.
I eased my still hard cock back out of Tracy after she came, every nerve in my cock sighing from the silky, slithery, touch and begging to be plunged back in, probably visually answering her question better than my words had. "Oh Ricky, Fuck me! Do me too!" Mary cried upon seeing my slick and shiny erection still ready to perform. I turned my eyes toward Mary, seeing her hand between her legs rubbing hard over her clit, and twisting her body toward me and into place. She swung her legs over the side of the bed, moving up next to her mother, and reached for my hand. Backing out from between Tracy's legs, my cessation of motion had taken my cock back from the brink of cumming. Taking her hand, I let her pull me over to slide between Mary's legs where she reached down and, taking my dick in hand, guided me into her pussy.
I knew my cock was slippery with her mother's juices, but it didn't matter, Mary was practically dripping with her own. This time I came before she did, but was able to keep moving until her pelvis constricted around my cock. I stopped, panting, only to lock eyes with Tracy lying beside us and watching every movement, her hand a buzz saw on her clit. I just stayed in Mary, recovering, until I shrunk and slipped out. As soon as I did my semen began oozing from her pussy, and when she reached down to catch it with her hand, I told her to wait a moment. Stepping back over to the bathroom I fetched a couple of tissues, handing them to her to wipe up as I crawled up onto the bed beside her.
"Whoever would have believed that?" Tracy said quietly a few moments later, "The last time I did that was probably twenty-two or twenty-three years ago with your mom."
"My mom?" I reiterated, rolling onto my side and cuddling to Mary, looking over to Aunt Tracy lying totally naked on her other side.
"Yeah, that all ended when your mom went off to college. We had so much fun together until then though. We'd date together, and when we decided to have sex with a guy, they got us both. Once she met your dad, we just never did it again. Not many could do what you did though, most would cum with the first one of us and then we'd have to wait for him to recover before the other of us could get laid." She giggled, "The last time I did this was with your mother, and the next time her son just fucked my daughter and me."
I did not say anything, just looked over at Mary who was looking at me. I reached up and kissed a finger, then reached over and touched it to her lips, where she kissed it back. "Are you OK, honey? Are we ok?" Tracy spoke, causing Mary to look from me to her mother.
"Oh God yes, I got to put it in you! That is so hot to me. I wanted Andrea to fuck him last summer so I could help, but it was all I could do to get her to let him eat her."
It was quiet for a moment before Tracy said, "Mary told me she found you and Andrea fucking."
I misunderstood, looking over at my cousin Mary lying beside me and quizzically said, "Mary?"
"No, your Mom. You know, she's named after your mom, my best friend growing up?"
"No... I mean, I never thought about it. I sort of assumed it must be a family name or something."
"Yeah, it is. Your Mom was named after our Grandma, but I had your mom in mind when we named Mary."
"She told you she saw us?"
"She said it caught her by surprise, she didn't know you guys had that kind of relationship, and she wasn't sure that she had handled it right. I told her she'd done just fine, that if you guys were going to play, it was going to be regardless of anything she said or did, and it wasn't much different than what we'd ever done."
"When did she catch you?" Mary asked.
"That first night, after we left last year. We shared a bed in Oklahoma City, and Andrea decided she wouldn't mind fucking after all."
"I missed it by one day?? Damn her!" Mary giggled, her hand reaching across to my belly. "We did have a good time together though, didn't we?"
I did not need to answer, my eyes rising from Mary to Aunt Tracy who had begun to slide down off the bed. Without saying anything she moved past Mary's legs and stopped between mine. Pushing my legs apart she reached between them to grasp my cock. "I've been dreaming of this ever since I saw you after your shower last year," she said, bending her head to my crotch. Sticking her tongue out she first licked from the base of my cock up to the head and then sucked me into her mouth.
I felt my cock immediately begin to expand, although slowly after my recent orgasm. Mary rolled toward me, propping her head up on one elbow as she watched her mother suck me hard. "I'm surprised, Mom," she giggled a few moments later, "From the way you talked I thought you only gave hand jobs away."
She pulled away, my cock again almost totally erect, "Not hardly. Most guys are ready for a second round a lot quicker with a little tongue," she cooed, "and with them almost always getting both your momandme, one of us was almost always using our mouth on them. I've alwayslovedsucking cock, especially when it's attached to a young sexy hard body." She looked me in the eyes and lowered her mouth back to my cock, holding me upright, suctioning me into her mouth, her tongue running around my cock head. I moaned, almost grunting, as she was obviously very experienced with mouth music.
She had no thoughts of sucking me off, however. Moments later she pulled off and climbed back onto the bed, straddling me to where she could rub her pussy against my cock. She slipped my cock between her lips, her moisture providing plenty of slickness between us. "Can I?" Mary said, causing me to glance sideways at her, her hand moving down toward my cock. Aunt Tracy understood and did not answer, just rose off me as Mary grasped and held my cock upright for her to slide back down onto. "Tell me that's not the hottest thing! I justlovefeeding a cock into a pussy."
~
Andrea and Mary immediately headed toward Andrea's room when we got home late the next afternoon. Mom had started dinner, Aunt Tracy immediately telling her about our trip including coming back along the coast and stopping at beaches several times. I tried to help; Mom just shushed me away, so I headed up to my room to put my bag away. It wasn't that I was snooping, it's just that they hadn't closed her door and I had just gotten to the top of the stairs when I heard Andrea ask, "So what all did you do?" I dropped my bag in my room and stepped back out, stopping at Andrea's door.
"Oh, we had a great time," Mary smirked, looking over at me.
"I wish I could have gone. What exactly did you do?" Andrea asked again.
"Well, the first day we went to Hollywood, and Griffith Park before we went to the hotel."
"Did you stay with Rick or with your mom?" Andrea giggled naughtily, smirking at me as she did.
"We only had just one room, and I slept with Rick."
"OMG! With your mom there?"
"Uh-huh."
"But... did you..."
"Uh-huh."
"And she was awake? She knew?"
"Uh-huh. She even watched the next night."
"What?" Andrea exclaimed, "she watched?What happened?"
"We got up and went to Universal Studies, and had a really great time."
"Notthat" Andrea laughed, slapping Mary's shoulder. "That night, she watched you guys have sex?"
Mary nodded. "We did it on top of the sheets and she watched."
"And she didn't say anything?"
"She moaned when she got herself off."
"OMG. I can't believe it. She... did it while watching you?"
"Uh-huh. And it was even better the next night," she giggled looking at me. I cringed, wishing she would not, but knew she was going to tell. Her voice lowered and she whispered something to Andrea.
"OH MY GOD! AUNT TRACY?" She certainly was not quiet about it, her eyes flying right to land on me. I glanced back at the stairs; there was no sign of anyone else having heard. "He did Aunt Tracy?" she asked again, much quieter this time, looking straight at me as she did. I reached over and pulled her door shut. That Mary was going to telleverythingabout what we'd done, I had no doubt.
~
I found Andrea continually looking at me during dinner that night. She never said a thing, just a glance and a smirk every time she did. Aunt Tracy and Mary told all about our daytime activities to Mom and Dad, with never a mention of our nighttime activities.
"God, too bad you weren't here next week," Andrea said toward the end of dinner. "They changed my schedule and I don't have to go to work again until Thursday and I could have gone with you. It sounds like you guys hadlotsof fun." She was looking directly at me when she said this before moving her eyes to Mary with a knowing smirk.
"Ah, that might have been a little crowded," Aunt Tracy joined in. "You might have had to share a bed with your brother. But I guess you've done that before?" she said. I saw her upper lip twitch just slightly as her eyes crossed over to Mom, it was an outright tease of what Mom had told her. I was pretty sure that Mom didn't know that Tracy had told us that she knew, however. If I hadn't known they already both knew about us, I might have missed it, but there were daggers coming from Mom's eyes as she looked at Tracy. Dad just glanced up, oblivious to the behind-the-words banter that was going on. "Or, I suppose Mary and Andrea could have had the one bed, and you could have slept with me? I wouldn't have minded." Although I knew it was a tease of the truth, I was also sure that Aunt Tracy had not told Mom that she'd had sex with me.
"We could have ordered up a roll-away," I chimed in, getting the subject away from the subject of me sleeping with Aunt Tracy. I purposely did not look at Mary or Andrea, knowing my face, in some way, would give it away.
"That probably would have worked," Tracy added, "although there wasn't a lot of extra space in that room."
~
I don't know what it is about 2 am. Perhaps that it's late enough that everyone else is sound asleep, and early enough that lovers hadn't fallen sound asleep themselves. It was again 2 am when my eyes opened and found the clock beside my bed. The dream I was having of my cousin Mary sucking my cock suddenly became reality, although it took a few seconds to realize it was Aunt Tracy who had her lips wrapped around my cock, her tongue swirling around the head. "Oh!" I moaned aloud causing her to pull away momentarily.
"Shhh!" she whispered at me, "Quiet, so we don't wake anyone. I hope you don't mind," she giggled, "I couldn't sleep, I just wanted to have you do me once more before we left tomorrow." Her mouth went back around my cock, holding me upright as she did. As my brain got back into gear from having come awake from a sound sleep, I gradually became more aware of my surroundings. It was difficult to see in the nearly complete darkness of my room, but I could see enough to tell that Aunt Tracy was also completely nude. Straddling my legs, except for her head and shoulders she was just out of reach. I momentarily concentrated on listening; the remainder of the house completely quiet. Tracy had been sleeping in the guest room at the other end of the upstairs hallway and with the exception of the one creaky board near the bathroom which she would have missed coming to my room, there was no reason to suspect that Mom and Dad, in their downstairs master bedroom would have heard her.
Fucking Aunt Tracy that first time had initially seemed a bit weird. Old enough to be my mother, it hadn't taken long to decipher that her body worked just like her daughters. Her pussy had gotten wet to my caresses; that is, it got wetter than she had been wet before I got there. Her clit had gotten bigger to my tongue, my cock had slipped into her easily and, although she'd had Mary, the myth that her pussy wouldn't be as tight after childbirth seemed to me to be just that, a myth, as her pussy sucked me inside just as well as her daughters had. Whether I'd gotten used to the idea in just one more day, whether it was that we were now alone without the ever-present cock tease that was Mary, I had no problem accepting that it wasjust sex."Turn over," I whispered, "let me do you."
"With your tongue?" She whispered back. "You wouldn't mind licking an old lady's clit?"
"Hmmm. You're not that old, and no, I don't mind. Ilikeusing my tongue on clits."
"I like that too," she said, spinning up and over me into a 69. She was indeed wet before I got there, and we each came to the other's mouth the first time.
~
"This was really fun," Aunt Tracy said as they were getting ready to walk out, their stuff loaded into the car already. "I'm sure glad you got to go with us for a few days," she said, looking directly at me. "Maybe you cancumwith us again next year," she said, just a faint hesitation on the word "come" telling me that she very much meant the double entente. "I'm sureMarywould like it," and I understood she was saying she would too, without saying it outright. She glanced at my mother with a completely straight face, and I realized it was also intended as a complete tease of my Mom. That I'd had sex with her I knew that mom had no clue, but that Mary and Andrea and I had sex was known to mom and, as usual, Dad was totally clueless.
"Me too!" Andrea chimed in. "I should be able to schedule some time off as long as I know it far enough in advance."
"God, that would be fun," Mary added. "Rick and Andrea both joining us? Where are we going and when? We could make it atradition!Go on vacation and bring my cousins along."
"We'll see," Aunt Tracy answered, "we'll see."