After a year of playing my girlfriends games I'd just about gotten enough put away to move out on my own when the holidays rolled around. Sure, some of it was fun and certainly exciting but never in my life had I imagined doing some of the freaky shit she asked of me. Truthfully, a part of me enjoyed being dominated in her playful little way but if I was ever going to be a professional I was going to have to move out on my own. Still, sexy fun with a thin, athletic blonde with nicely hanging 36D tits and a still firm ass and tummy from all the pilates classes wasn't going to be easy to just let go of.
I'd gotten home from a meeting on the 23rd and things were looking promising. I was one phone call away from the freedom to escape from her world and I knew it. So, when I walked in and found her waiting in the viewing room all curled up and cute, I stood and looked at her imagining life without her. She must have heard me come in. As I stood there she opened her eyes and smiled brightly.
"Hey baby," she said to me, her voice like a whisper. "How was your meeting?"
Putting my suitcase down and flopping into the overstuffed sofa next to her I sighed, more from the exhaustion of travel than the trip itself. Undoing my tie I put my arm around her. "I don't know babe, it's just too soon to tell."
"I'm sure you did great. In the meantime," she smiled, getting up and going to the closet. "I've got a little something for you."
Great, I thought to myself, sitting there trying to fane interest in whatever little game she'd dreamed up while I was away. Over the past year I'd found myself as her personal plaything, been forced to strip for her amusement in some interesting places and some very uncomfortable situations and engaged in more sexual antics than I'll ever be able to explain to anyone. Fact was, there were times I played along with it to make her happy and times that it was the money an older rich woman can throw around that kept me from walking out the door. I'd spent a month naked last year. I thought she would have been nicer about it but when push came to shove she kept me in what she called her "favorite" outfit even during Thanksgiving dinner. I'd even bartended at her club and on more than one occasion been groped by strangers. One night things had gotten pretty out of control and I did a soccer mom on the dance floor. So, after all that, she'd had some time without me and I couldn't imagine what she might have in mind.
As she came back to the sofa she had two packages in her hands-one much bigger than the other. She handed me the larger one first. Maybe it was the child in me but I felt kind of excited and scared at the same time. "What's this?" I asked.
Open it silly was all she said. Sitting there as she was nearly bouncing on the sofa cushion next to me I tore open the wrapping paper to find a clothing box. Slowly opening it up and looking inside I'm not even sure why I asked-I knew what she had in mind. "Hum, for you?" I asked her, holding up the long black satin negligee. It really was a sexy little number and would look great on her. It had vertical stripes and every other panel was see thru.
"No silly," she laughed. "It's for you."
I sat the box down and took her by the hand. Now was as good a time as any to tell her that I was going to leave. I didn't know what she had in mind but I really wasn't interested to say the least. Before I could speak she straddled my lap and began kissing me, her tongue finding its' way across mine as her hands roamed freely over my body. I struggled but finally got her attention as she began working on my belt. "I need to talk to you."
"I need to give you your other present first," she told me.
Opening up the smaller box there was a card inside it. It read, "FOR ALL THE THINGS YOU'VE DONE FOR ME AND THE THINGS YOU'LL DO NEXT." Inside the box was a set of remote keys. I hadn't seen this type of key before so I didn't know what it was for. Suddenly I was quite curious, more curious as to the keys than worried about what I might have to do for them.
"It's the black one, the one we looked at before you left," she beamed as she told me about the new SUV she'd bought me. "You've been such a good boy that I thought you deserved something special."
"And all I've got to do is wear this?"
"No silly," she laughed as she told me how it was an outfit for her Christmas Party. "I can't have you parading around in the buff for this one. It might be a bit awkward."
Shit, who had she invited I wondered. Still though, the gag of wearing something like that to a Christmas party might be worth the S.U.V. Especially if the one she bought was the model that we looked at before I left town. I was seriously hoping that it wasn't just a bunch of her business co-horts or handsy friends coming over. "So," I asked, "Who might be coming to this?"
"Oh no," she giggled, telling me that's a surprise. "Now," she smiled, "Get them clothes off mister. You know I like to see my boy without all this covering."
I don't know why but I instinctively starting taking my clothes off without a second nudge or request. As I got down to my boxers Daniella came into the room asking if she should bring in drinks now that I was home. To my surprise, Daniella was as nude as I was about to be with the exception of a white cleaning apron tied around the front of her. It did nothing to hide the thirty-one year olds nice 38D tits and clean shaven pussy from view. As Suzi told her two scotches she turned around and to my viewing pleasure was that sweet ass that I imagined just two weeks ago was beneath her maids outfit.
"Daniella," I asked?
"I got bored while you were away."
Sliding my boxers down and handing them over I found myself right back where I was before I left, before I had decided that I was going to seek a more normal life. As I stood there, Suzi dropped down to her knees and began to stroke my already erect cock, rubbing the tip against her face as she looked up at me. "I've missed my favorite toy. I'm glad you're home," she said as she enveloped my cock in her mouth. It was almost more than I could take as I felt her lips wrap around me and her tongue beginning to swirl around the head. As she worked her hands up and down the shaft, pumping her face ferociously up and down on my cock as she looked up at me. As she pumped her face onto my cock the feeling of her hands manipulating my balls was driving me insane. As much as I didn't want to, after two weeks away from home, I was letting her break me in what was going to be a near record time even for her.
"Ugh!" I grunted as I tried to hold it back. To my surprise though, the feeling of a second set of hands on my shoulders added to the sensations going through me, especially as the familiar feel of a great set of tits pushed against my back. It was Daniella, looking over my shoulder at her boss as she sucked my cock. Feeling the second set of hands on me was too much and I almost immediately erupted, spraying Suzi across her face with shot after shot of cum. Looking down at the look of accomplishment in her eye as it ran across her face and down onto her chin, neck and chest I could barely stay on my feet.
"Welcome home baby," she cooed as she stood up, kissing her lovely house servant right on the mouth. "So," she asked, "You'll wear my gift to dinner then?" What to do?
That night went by pretty much as most of them did. The sex was awesome, as was the new eye candy serving us dinner. In the morning I woke up and Suzi was already downstairs. I could hear her morning soundtrack playing in the distance. She'd either just gotten done with aerobics or was in the middle of working out. I crawled out of bed and into a much needed shower. As I stood there beneath the water I couldn't help but to think about the new S.U.V. If she'd just bought it then the paperwork wouldn't be here for a few weeks. I could wait to see if she'd registered it under my name and if so that would be my consolation prize as I finally made my break for it. Getting out and toweling off I just kept repeating, it's just a few weeks, it's just a few weeks.
The front room was empty except for the music playing from the stereo. I made my way out to the kitchen to get a cup of coffee and that's when I found my mistress. As I walked in it was obvious that she was occupied as her trainer was sitting there eating breakfast with her. Getting a cup of coffee I tried to nonchalantly make small talk. As the only one of the people that lived here that wasn't allowed to wear clothing at home pretty much everyone of her friends and associates had seen me in my birthday suit. As I stood there, sipping from my mug, I could see that her hand was stroking his cock beneath the table. I'd seen it before but usually there was no surprise to it. The lack of warning caused a slight stir in my stomach but even worse a twitch in my cock.
"See," she said, pointing to my now half hard tool. "I told you he would be alright with this." With that she motioned for me to have a seat as she stood up and from what I could now tell, remounted his hard nine inches. "I am getting a great work out today baby... With you gone I had to do something to stay in shape."
"I guess so," I answered, watching her tits bounce up and down and she found her stride. God forbid she would actually do aerobics with her trainer.
"So,," she spoke through a winded voice. "What's on your agenda today?"
"I'm going to the den to work on a rewrite," I told her. As she began to moan louder I could tell she was getting very into things. "In fact I think I'll get to it," I said, covering my now raging boner as I stood up to leave.
A little while later Suzi came into the den with a grin on her face and a slight rubbery walk in her legs. She came around the desk telling me how Zach had left for the day. "Now I have you all to myself," she announced as she laid back on my desk and pulled my face between her thighs. "Lick me," she demanded.
Like an obedient little lap dog I did exactly as I was told. Grabbing a hold of her legs and positioning them over my shoulders I stuck my tongue out and began to lap at her swollen clit, the taste of her and her trainers juices mixing together. She cooed and moaned as I inserted a finger inside her, getting her going again. Running my tongue up and down her clit and flicking it into her freshly fucked pussy I began to stroke my cock beneath my desk. Her legs tightened around my head, pulling my face tighter against her as she began to buck and writhe like a whore in heat. Her orgasm was loud and didn't leave anything to anyone's imagination as she yelled out "Eat my fucked pussy, like me clean you little bitch!" As her orgasm erupted and I felt her hands wrap tightly in my hair, nearly pulling out lengths at the root, I felt my cock bubbling in my hand. We came together and as she went limp I fell back into my chair...
"Just a few more weeks..." I mumbled.
"What's that baby?" she asked.
"Nothing mistress," I told her, "Just got me excited."