Chapter 3 (The Training)
(This is the on-going saga of Christina, her husband, and their friends as her inner self is awakened to the world of voyeurism and exhibitionism. occasionally there are some acts of lesbianism. There is no swinging, swapping, or cuckold in this chapter. This is purely a work of fiction somewhat inspired by real life happenings I have experienced.)
*
John was opening the door of the apartment after dealing with the typical customers all day long. The only positive thing was the hot, little woman that came into the shop to have tires and rims installed on the Hummer H3 she was driving.
John didn't know if she was married or not but damn she was hot. She was a young thing about 20 or 21 and had a killer body. She was wearing, as best he could remember, some short little pink tennis skirt. He knew it was a skirt and not them damn things called skorts. John hated skorts, those skirt-looking things that had hidden shorts underneath them.
The woman walked into the shop about 12:15. Most of the workers were taking lunch so John helped the young woman. She had a specific idea on the rims she wanted and a certain look to the tires.
As they walked around the store looking at the different tires and rims, John was thankful for whoever it was that initially built the store. The original owner has a nice polished dark granite floor tiles installed. So any woman wearing a skirt above her knees ended up showing whatever, if any, panties she was wearing that day.
John couldn't tell exactly what color she had on but he could tell she was wearing a light colored thong. She did have some nice tanned legs to that went all the way up. And as her Hummer was having the tires and rims installed, she sat in the waiting room giving John a nice view of her legs. He really wanted an up the skirt view but nothing happened in the store.
Her car was done and John backed the vehicle out of the work area and stopped in the driveway. John slid out of the car and the woman slid into the seat. And as she did, her legs opened wide and John got the view he had been waiting for. She was wearing a nice little, yellow thong. It took John a moment to realize that she wasn't closing her legs but instead was sitting there flashing her panties at John and giving him a nice, long view.
"Thank you," the woman said as she smiled at John.
"No, thank you Miss. Please come back and see me if there is anything I can do for you," replied John hoping she picked up on his real meaning.
John thought his wife was damn hot but she could loosen up a little. She was a little too conservative but she still turned him on. John secretly wished that Christina would wear some hot looking cloths that aroused him.
Like they say, be careful what you wish for. You just might get it. And you will usually regret it once you do.
When Christina saw John driving up, she went to the refrigerator and pulled out two cold Corona's. Then she opened the freezer and out came two ice cold mugs. She also grabbed the cup of lime slices she had just finished cutting up. She had removed her bra as soon as she got home and slipped on a tank top that seen a lot of use. So the top, although not see-thru, was definitely thin and didn't leave much to the imagination. Christina's nipples were easily visible and she knew that John liked her to wear the shirt.
John stepped through the door of the apartment and Christina was standing there with the beers and mugs. She sat the beers and mugs down along with the lime slices. She then wrapped her arms around John and gave him a deep passionate kiss. Their tongues danced around each other. John grabbed Christina by the ass and pulled her up closer to him and he pushed his hardening cock into her pelvis.
To John, it felt good pushing his hard cock up against her. And Christina was still horny from earlier in the day when Jasmine made her cum at the store.
"Hey baby," John said.
"Welcome home sweetie," Christina replied. "I've been waiting for you." She picked up the beers and mugs.
"Now that's what I call a welcome home. Unless you want to go into the bedroom, rip off our cloths and fuck?" whispered John.
"That sounds good too," Christina answered back smiling.
Both of them set their mugs of beer down on the table next to the door. Christina wrapped her arms around John's neck and John worked his hands up under Christina's shirt. Christina's breasts were unrestrained and John's hands had easy access to her nipples.
John tenderly stroked Christina's nipples and gently twisted and tugged on them. Her sensitive nipples began to respond almost instantly partially because her nipples were sensitive but also because of the events of the day at the store.
"Want to hit the spa before dinner?" John asked.
Before Christina could answer there was a light knock on the door. John looked out the peep hole in the door to see who was there.
"Jasmine," John said as he opened the door.
"Hey guys. Hope I'm interrupting something," Jasmine said while snickering. "I, well we, were wondering if you were coming down to the Jacuzzi tonight?"
"Funny, we were just talking about that," answered Christina.
"Well, if you do, I brought you something over for you to try on," Jasmine said as she pulled out a red bikini.
"Is it like one of those like you and Teresa wore last night?" John asked.
"No. This is a modest one. It doesn't turn transparent. It's just a normal bikini," Jasmine replied.
Christina took the small bag that Jasmine offered to her. Jasmine turned and opened the door. As she walked out the door and was about to close it behind her, she said, "Hope to see you two at the spa in a bit." Then the door closed and it was just Christina and John again.
John reached down and grabbed his beer and took a drink while watching Christina's reaction.
"Want me to try it on for you?" Christina asked.
"Um hum," John replied nodding his head.
Christina grabbed her beer and walked toward the bedroom. When she reached the doorway, with her back still to him, she pulled off her tank top and threw it at John. She then closed the door behind her.
John's cock was getting harder as he stood there waiting for Christina to come back out. Maybe she would wear it to the spa. God he hoped so because she was beautiful and had a great body. John didn't care if other people looked. In fact it made him horny knowing she had a nice body and if made him horny, he knew that other guys would get hard if they saw her body. Plus when both Christina and he got horny, it made for great sex.
The bedroom door slowly opened and Christina came out wearing the red bikini. She looked fantastic. The top covered most of her breasts but allowed the sides to spill out some and showed great cleavage. Christina slowly turned around to show John the suit. The bottom was tied with strings on the side and although not a thong, did show a large part of her very fine ass. John was sure that once the bikini was wet and as Christina would walk, that the bottom was going to walk also. Right up the crack of Christina's ass to become basically a thong.
"Well what do you think," Christina asked as she slowly turned around again to give John a second view of the bikini.
"Fantastic, baby," John said. "You should wear one all the time. Let me change and let's go the Jacuzzi."
"It shows too much skin, John," Christina replied.
"It shows less then the girls were showing the other night. If you don't feel comfortable because someone we don't know might see you, throw one of my old tee shirts over the top of it. If it's only our friends at the spa, you can take the tee off. Or leave it on if someone else is there," John.
"I guess I could do that. You really want me to wear the down to the Jacuzzi," Christina asked still not sure about the idea.
"Baby only if you want to wear it. I'd love for you to wear it but you have to make that decision," John said.
"Screw it. It is usually just our friends down there anyway. I'll throw something on as a cover-up. Grab a couple more beers and let's go," Christina said.
John took two more Coronas from the refrigerator and followed Christina out the door. The cover-up wasn't much, just a sort of thin white outfit. You could see Christina was wearing a bikini but really obscured seeing her body. John was surprised that Christina agreed so readily to wear the bikini in public.
As Christina and John turned the corner to the area that confined the spa, they were met by Jasmine, Teresa, and Sherrie.
John slipped into the spa and since it was just friends here, Christina dropped her cover-up and moved to sit between Sherrie and John.
"Nice bikini Chrissy," Sherrie remarked.
"Thank you. Jasmine loaned it to me," Christina said.
"Actually I gave it to you," Jasmine countered.
"It looks just like the one the other night when I wore the pink bikini," said Sherrie.
"It is the same one you looked at the other night. Before you put the pink bikini one," Jasmine said with a smirk.
John couldn't believe what he was hearing. Nether could Christina. She was sitting in a Jacuzzi wearing a red bikini that was see-thru when wet. Lucky the air bubbler was running so no one could see what any of them was wearing.
"Jas, why didn't you tell me that when you gave me the suit?" Christina asked
"Would you have worn it out here?" Jasmine asked.
"No, it shows too much skin like it is,"
This was too much for Christina as she began to get up and out of the spa. Luckily there were only women in the spa besides her husband so she wasn't too embarrassed. But just as she was pulling her other foot from the tub, Mike and Dave walked into the Jacuzzi area. The two brothers walked face to face into Christina and her semi-transparent red bikini.
Christina quickly turned around and slide back into the spa. For a moment Mike and Dave stood there not sure what they had seen was real or not.
Teresa was the first to speak up, "What's wrong? Never seen a woman in a bikini before?"
"Not one like that before," answered Mike.
"Was that thing see-thru? Dave asked. He still wasn't sure.
Teresa nudged Jasmine and both stood up showing that they too had on the semi-transparent bikinis.
"All of us ladies all wearing them," Teresa laughed.
Mike and Dave had seen Teresa and Jasmine naked enough times so that they were not shocked. After all even lesbians needed the feeling of a good, hard cock stroking into their pussys. Mike and Dave were Teresa's and Jasmine's boy toys. No relationship or anything like that. Just a regular good, hard fucking when they needed it. Sometimes dildos just didn't accomplish the same thing as a good stiff cock.
The old man in apartment seventy two liked his apartment also. For the same reasons John liked theirs. From the old mans bedroom he could look down into the Jacuzzi area. Sometimes he would sit out on the small balcony drinking a glass of wine while watching the young people sit in the spa. But when the two hot little tramps visited the tub, he made sure that they could not see him watching them. You could never guess what those two would do next.
His Nikon D300 digital camera had an expensive zoom lens on it. He was pretty please with the pictures that piece of glass captured. Being an old time photographer, he still called all camera lens, glass.
With the auxiliary power pack he could shoot 8 frames per second for up to 100 shoots. So he was sitting there and ready when Jasmine and Teresa stood up to show off their see-thru bikinis.
He hadn't been quick enough to snap any pictures of the hot, little wife before she jumped back into the tub. She was definitely wearing the most reveling outfit she had ever worn to the spa. He wished he had the video camera running but he never turned it on before the sun started to set.
At night some mighty interesting things happened in that spa. The most interesting always involved the two slut lesbians, Jasmine and Teresa. Maybe he should set a small surveillance camera near the spa to watch the action a little closer. That was the nice thing about being the maintenance caretaker. You could do all kind of little things and no one thought anything about it.
Christina sat in the spa wondering about the situation she was in and wondering how she was going to get to leave without everyone seeing her body. About that time, Mark, Sherrie's husband arrived and sat down between Sherrie and Christina. And of course the air bubbles decided that it was the perfect time to stop.
Although no one could see what the women were wearing and how much the bikinis showed, everyone was aware of the how shear the fabric was. Mark stepped out of the spa and turned the bubble timer back to 30 minutes and returned to the tub.
John looked over and Christina and said, "We should get going and get some dinner. I'd like to run to the mall. I need to pick up something for the computer before the stores close."
Christina was terrified. Teresa knew Christina was confused so she planned a little diversion. Just as Christina began to get out of the water, Teresa moved over onto Jasmines lap and grab her face with her hands. Everyone turned to watch the two kiss. Except Christina who moved quickly like a cat and grabbed her cover just as Teresa rip Jasmines top off of the chest and reveled her tits. Jasmine knew what Teresa was up to. Jasmine in turn peeled Teresa's top off and threw it into the bushes.
Everyone was watching laughing as Teresa and Jasmine playfully cat fought topless in the spa. As Christina and John began to leave Jasmine spoke up, "Mind if we ride with you to the mall? I want to show Teresa some things at a store."
" I don't mind if John doesn't," Christina replied.
"Not at all. You going to ride like that?" John asked smiling.
"You wished." Teresa and Jasmine answered at the same time.
The two topless women jumped from the spa and retrieved their tops, heading off to their apartment.
"Damn it," the old man thought to himself. I should have had the video camera running. From now on if any of those women are in the spa, the video camera was going to be running. He wanted some new videos to post on the Internet.
After everyone had changed cloths, they all met in the parking area. John, Christina, Jasmine, and Teresa all got into Christina's car and they drove off to the mall. While Christina and John talked in the front seat about their day, Jasmine and Teresa whispered in the back seat. They made plans to have a little fun at the mall and were going to try to get Christina and John to join in.
The ride to the mall was a short trip. They lived less then 15 minutes from the main parking area. The mall was a large three story mall built by one of the countries largest mall developers. There were large outdoor open parking areas as well as a three story enclosed parking garage.
After parking in the garage, the group headed off toward the entrance to the mall. Although the garage had adequate lighting, it was still dark in some areas of the garage. There was enough light to park your car and make sure no one was lurking or waiting to jump you when you entered your car. However it was not light enough to read a newspaper. Or see someone's face clearly if they were standing near a vehicle.
Once they entered the mall, John turned left and headed off toward the electronics store to get what he needed for their computer. The 3 women walked straight to the main bottom floor of the mall.
"So where do we want to go?" Christina asked the other two.
"Well, I'm planning on having a little fun while we are here," Teresa answered.
"Me too," Jasmine chipped in. "Maybe look at some shoes and tease the salesperson."
"Sounds like fun," Teresa said.
"What do you mean 'fun'?" Christina asked with an unbelieving look on her face.
"A little flashing, or allow some guy or guys an 'accidently' glimpse up our skirt or down our blouse," Teresa remarked.
"The funniest part is catching them looking and what they do when you catch them," Jasmine said. "But first we have to get you the proper skirt."
"Oh, no! I can't do something like that," Christina cried.
"Look, earlier today you watched while me and other women were having fun in the changing room at your store. And judging by how fast and hard I made you cum, I'd say you enjoyed it. A lot. Now tell me I am wrong," challenged Jasmine.
Christina blushed because she knew it was the truth and Jasmine knew it. Christina liked it when other women flashed their body where other people could see them. And deep down she knew that she wanted to do the same thing. She wasn't sure how to do it or if she could be an exhibitionist in a crowded place like the mall.
"Let's go to Angelina's. They'll have something hot to wear," suggested Teresa.
The three women walked down the mall to the escalator and continued up to the third floor and walked until they came to a small woman's apparel similar to the one Christina worked for.
The ladies walked around until Jasmine spotted what she was looking for. The skirt was a short pleated skirt almost like for playing tennis. Jasmine picked out a white one and walked to where Christina and Teresa were standing.
"Go try this one on," Jasmine commanded.
Christina took the skirt and looked around for the changing room. Teresa led the way as the rooms were in back and not visible from the front of the store. Christina slipped out of her shoes and removed her shorts. She hadn't done anything yet she was wetter then earlier that afternoon. She pulled the skirt up and wiggled her hips into the skirt. It looked awful short. In fact the skirt looked too short. Christina stepped out of the room so the other two women could see the skirt.
"Nice," said Teresa.
"Perfect," smirked Jasmine.
Jasmine and Teresa had already grabbed a short skirt each. All three women now had a short skirt to wear but each one was different from the others. Jasmine pulled out a credit card and paid for all three skirts.
"Could you please cut the tags off for us? We're going to wear them now," Teresa asked the clerk.
After the clerk had removed the tags and given the women their bags, the three of them walked back to the changing rooms to change into the skirts. All three entered one room to change. Jasmine and Teresa were both wearing thongs. Christina was wearing a low cut bikini brief. While not as revealing as a thong, for her first time giving accidently flashes it would be fine. Besides since her pussy was not shaved, some hair did poke out around her panties. And they didn't want to push Christina too far, too fast.
"Let's go look for some shoes," Jasmine said.
"I don't think I can do this," Christina replied.
"Just come with us and watch what we do. Think of it as training," Teresa laughed. "It'll be fun, you'll see."
Together the three women walked down the mall heading for one of the many women's shoes stores. Teresa and Jasmine did this same thing several times per month. As there were many malls in the area and a lot of shoe stores, they never visited the same store each month. But that always looked for cute salesmen and saleswomen.
They stopped just outside the store and browsed through the windows to see if any prospective targets were working. Fred, a tall, redheaded young man about 19 was working. Teresa got a huge smile on her face as she liked to flash this guy. Sometimes if she was feeling a little more adventurous, things went a little further. Teresa was definitely worked up and aroused by the day's events. If things worked out, this might be a lot of fun for her.
The three women walked into the shoe store and were browsing around when the salesman realized that there were customers in the store. His attention really perked up when he saw Teresa, although he didn't know her name. He was unsure what would happen this time. Surely it would be milder then before because this time she had two friends with her. Maybe they would leave. Oh, crap! Maybe they would join in also. He was already starting to get an erection and he hasn't even talked to them yet. It was a good thing that Max was on break having lunch. Fred wanted to help all three customers himself.
"May I help you ladies," asked Fred while making eye contact with Teresa.
"We're looking for some hot shoes to go with our new outfits," Jasmine said with a flirtatious smile as she posed with her hands on her hips.
"So do you have anything that you'd think we might like?" Teresa asked.
Christina was blushing slightly as her two friends overtly flirted with the young man. Jasmine and Teresa walked over to a section of seats and sat down next to each other. Christina followed them and took a seat also sitting next to Teresa thus sandwiching Teresa between Jasmine and herself.
Fred quickly grabbed 6 pairs of the best selling heels in the store. He returned to the women and positioned the footrest stool facing Teresa. This put him right in the middle of the three hot looking women.
"These are the best selling shoes in the store. They really make women's legs look great. Interested in any of these?" asked Fred.
"I'd like to try these two," Jasmine said.
"Ok, lets me measure both of your feet and then I'll go grab the shoes," Fred said trying to hold back his enthusiasm.
Fred slid the stool over to Jasmine and slowly raised her right foot up to the foot rest while sliding the measuring device under her foot. Although Fred had not been working for the shoe store for long, he was extremely bright and knew how close to put the stool. A certain position from the chair would require a woman to lift her leg and bend the knee just so. And if her knees separated at all, Fred would see right up her skirt. Somehow subconsciously Fred's brain was able to see a woman's leg and know precisely how close to out the stool for the perfect angle.
Jasmine and Teresa of course knew this and what he was trying to do. They had done this enough to know how to play the game. First a little teasing, then some real fun.
So as Fred was raising Jasmine's right foot to measure it, Jasmine let her knees part so slightly. Jasmine could feel her thighs were still touching so Fred could see a lot of leg, he couldn't quite see her panties. Or if she was even wearing any panties. Fred measured Jasmines right foot and raised it slightly so she could move it back to the floor. As she did, she let her foot lightly brush against the inside of Fred's leg.
Meanwhile John had found and bought the item he needed for the computer. He sent Christina a text message on her phone asked where the girls were at so he could find them. Christina sent a text message back telling him the store they were in and that they had bought a few clothes.
As Fred raised Jasmines left foot to measure it, most peoples two feet are not the same size, Jasmine decided, ok just a small peek to get him going. As Jasmine's foot was almost in position, Fred quickly glimpsed up Jasmines skirt and saw some pink panty showing between her legs.
After the measurement, Jasmine returned her foot to the floor but not before giving Fred a slightly better glimpse of her panties.
"Ok, you wear a size eight," said Fred.
"Why don't you get me a couple pairs of shoes to try while you measure her," said Jasmine as she gestured to Teresa.
"Ok, that sounds good," Fred replied. He needed to adjust his cock in his pants.
He walked to the back store room to get the shoes in the correct size.
While Fred was gone, Jasmine told Teresa and Christina what she had done so they could increase the erotic teasing. Although she wasn't sure she was ready to do this, it was decided the Christina would go next and try her best. That would leave Teresa to be last.
"I'll put my shoes on and walk around a little. I'll let you know if you need to spread your knees more so he gets a good view. But remember not too much excitement. We'll let Teresa finish him off," Jasmine said grinning.
Teresa thought 'Finish him off? I'm gonna finish him off alright.'
A few moments later Fred returned with two pairs of shoes that Jasmine wanted to try on.
"Ok, try these on and I'll measure one of your friends while you see how they fit," Fred told Jasmine.
"Take care of my friend next. I'm not sure what shoes I want to try on," Teresa replied as she crossed her legs.
Fred scooted the stool to in front of Christina and picked up the measure. Jasmine had one pair of heels on and was strolling around behind Fred as he lifted Christina's right foot to measure it.
John found the shoe store and walked in just as the salesman was moving the stool in front of Christina. Jasmine was wearing a skirt shorter then he had seen her wear before and the heels she had on really made her legs look long and firm. As he got closer he could see Teresa was sitting in a chair and next to her was Christina. Teresa also had on a short skirt too. John's dick immediately started to get hard from seeing Teresa and Jasmine in public wearing something so short.
Whether Christina was distracted by Jasmine or excited because of this new experience, as Fred lifted her foot, she allowed her knees to be come separated several inches. Just enough so that Fred got a perfect view of her panty covered muff. There was even a small amount of hair peaking out both sides of her panties.
John walked up to Jasmine and looked over at his wife. John could not believe what he was seeing. Christina also had on a short mini skirt. It was shorter then anything she had ever worn before. The salesman had just lifted Christina's leg to measure it. John also got a view straight up his wife's short skirt and was sure the salesman had also.
The salesman Fred was so distracted by the view that he forgot that he was measuring her foot for shoes. He quickly remembered what he was suppose to do and measured Christina's foot. As he lifted her foot to place it back on the floor, he received the same view. By now his cock was also getting uncomfortable. It was a good thing that he wore some loose pants today.
Fred lifted Christina's left foot to measure it. He wanted a better view of her pussy this time. He lifted her foot higher then necessary to place in on the measure He was rewarded with a better, longer view this time. Her panties had a full puffy look to them almost like they were full of hair and possibly a wet spot was on the center of her panties.
Jasmine and John were shocked that the salesman had so blatantly lifted Christina's leg so far up. But what shocked them more was that Christina had allowed him to do it.
"You're a size eight also," Fred said to Christina. "And which shoes were you wanting to try on?"
Christina was so excited and aroused by what had just happened that it took her a second to get her voice.
"This one and this one too, please," Christina replied after she found her voice.
"Ok, I'll be right back with them," said Fred. As he got up to go get the shoes from the back, he realized that someone else was there also for the first time as he saw John.
"I'll be with you in a moment," Fred said to John.
"That's ok. I'm with them," John answered back to Fred as Fred headed to the storeroom.
"Oh crap, you look hot baby," said John. "That was so sexy, flashing your panties to the salesman."
Christina was wondering what the hell was happening to her. Two weeks ago she would not have worn a skirt or dress above her knees. Now here she was wearing a mini skirt and flashing her panty covered pussy to some young show salesman. And she was so horny that she could have ripped John's pants off and fucked him right then and there.
Fred returned with the two pairs of shoes for Christina.
"Would you like me to help you try them on?" asked Fred as he opened one box and grabbed one shoe.
"That's ok. I'll put them on so you can help my friend," replied Christina.
Fred handed the shoe to Christina and set the boxes down. Just as he was grabbing the stool to move it in front of Teresa, Christina lifted her leg up to slide the shoe on. As she did, Fred got another nice glimpse of her panties. They definitely had a wet spot on them Fred noticed. Jasmine and John noticed too.
Just as Fred was sitting down on the stool to help Teresa, she lifted her leg and brushed her foot along the inside of Fred's leg. Although he wasn't able to 'help' her lift her leg, the combination of longer legs and a shorted skirt gave him a full view. This woman was wearing a small thong. She had to shave her pussy because there was no sign of any hair showing around her panties.
Two more customers walked into the store as Fred was about to measure Teresa's feet. Just as he was sure that nothing was going to happen because of so many people in the store, Max returned from his lunch at the foodcourt.
"Max, I could you help those two customers while I help these," Fred said to his co-worker.
Max turned to the two ladies that had just entered the store and began to assist them.
As Teresa lifted her foot so Fred could measure the other one, Fred's hands softly caressed her calf. Teresa responded by lifting her other foot the same way that Fred had lifted Christina's second foot. Higher and wider then necessary but giving him, and John with Christina standing beside him, a nice full, long view of her thong covered pussy.
"You are a size eight and a half," Fred told Teresa. "What shoes would you like to try on?"
"I saw a shoe over here last time I was in here," Teresa replied as she stood up and walked toward another part of the store.
Like he was being lead on a leash, Fred followed Teresa as she walked away.
"Do you like Christina's new skirt, John?" Jasmine asked John as he was holding Christina by the waist.
"Do I? I love the skirts all three of you are wearing. And I cannot believe what you are doing to this poor kid," John said with a chuckle. "Oh, I think he is probably pretty happy right about now. If I know Teresa at all," Jasmine said with a smirk. "Be quiet but you two go see if you can find them. They are probably in the back room."
John and Christina looked at Jasmine for a moment then slowly turned and walked in the direction that the two had gone. Fred and Teresa were not in the aisles of shoes.
The back storeroom was unlike other shoe stores. Typically a shoe store had all of their shoes on shelves in back so they were easy to find. This store did also but not nearly the space other stores had. This meant that they had to leave some shoes in the shipping boxes when they came in. Which left areas in the back room where there were small spaces or voids.
John and Christina could hear some muffled noises and slowly walked in that direction. As they turned a corner, they could see Teresa sitting on a box. Christina pulled John back so they wouldn't be seen. Christina had an idea. She and John walked down the aisle just before where they saw Teresa. As they got closer to about the spot where they saw Teresa, Christina stooped down and pulled John downward also. They could just make out that Teresa was on the other side of the shelves. Christina quietly moved a few shoeboxes to one side. Christina and John looked through the opening and there sat Teresa with a guy's cock in here mouth.
Teresa had Fred's cock in her mouth and was working wonders on it. She sensed that Fred was getting close but she wasn't going to let him off that easy. She wrapped one hand around the base of his cock and with the other hand, grabbed Fred's balls. At just the right moment she squeezed with both hands and applied just the right amount of pressure. Fred's urge to cum in Teresa's mouth was stopped for the moment.
"Please," Fred pleaded.
"Don't worry dear. I just want your beautiful cock in my pussy," Teresa replied.
Teresa stood up and reached into here little purse. She always had a condom in the purse because you just never knew when you were going to need one. Like right now. Teresa ripped the package open and placed the condom on the head of Fred's cock. Using her mouth she rolled the condom down as far as she could.
Jasmine and her had seen that done at Cancun once when they went down there for spring break. The girl had shown them how to roll the condom down a cock using only their mouth. Luckily there had been enough guys there to practice on that when they left Cancun, both girls had become experts.
Once the condom was in place on Fred's cock, Teresa pulled her thong and skirt down to here feet and kicked them off. She then turned around and bent over slightly while grabbing the boxes of shoes. Fred didn't need to be asked or told what to do next. He lined his hard cock up with Teresa's wet pussy. With one easy thrust, he was all the way in until his balls rested against her body. Fred began to stroke in and out of Teresa.
Teresa leaned on one arm across the boxes as she reached underneath with the other hand and stroked her clit. Teresa had a large clit that almost looked like a tiny penis. When she got really horny like she was right now, her clit stuck out almost one inch. She could actually stroke her clit with her thumb and a finger like a little cock.
Christina let out a small moan as she watched the salesman fuck Teresa. From their angle, John and Christina could see Teresa's clit and her stroking it. Neither had ever seen a clit that large before.
John rubbed his through his pants as he watched the scene before them. With much effort John took his eyes off of the couple and looked at his wife. Christina had her skirt pulled up in front and was busy using her fingers on her clit. John brushed his hard cock up against her ass. A soft moan slipped between her lips as her hubby rubbed himself against her backside and she worked her horny pussy.
Fred and Teresa were working themselves up to a climax. Fred was stroking into Teresa faster and faster while Teresa stroked her clit faster and faster. Fred grabbed Teresa by the hips and sunk his cock the full length into her as he began to cum. Sensing that Fred was cuming sent Teresa over the edge. She pinched her clit and her whole body was shaking as she was overcome by a massive orgasm.
Seeing the pair was finished or nearly so, Christina and John straightened themselves as best they could and quietly made their way back to the store and Jasmine. When they got back into the main store, Jasmine was busy talked to the other two women customers and the salesman.
After having an explosive orgasm like he did, Fred leaned forward and rested against Teresa's back while they both caught their breath. After a few moments both realized where they were and quickly began to fix their cloths. Fred pulled off the condom and tossed it into a trash can that was nearby. Teresa pulled a moist towel wipe from her purse and cleaned herself as best she could. Both walked back to the main store area without saying much to each other until they were back in the store.
"Wow, baby. That was hot," said Fred. "Thank you so much."
"Yeah, that was great. Thank you," replied Teresa.
Teresa walked over to where Christina and John were standing waiting for Jasmine to finish talking to the other two customers.
"Oh, hi guys. I just standing here talking while you finished up what you were doing," Jasmine said to her friends with a wink.
The women paid for the shoes they wanted. Then the four friends walked out of the shoe store and turned to walk toward the general direction of the parking garage. Jasmine looked over at Teresa.
"So how was it?" Jasmine asked.
"Very intense. Just like last time. If I was more into guys, he might be a fun boyfriend," Teresa laughed.
"You've done this before?" asked Christina somewhat shocked.
"Yeah, twice before. Well, one time was sex. The first time I just blew him." Teresa answered.
"Well, now what?" asked John.
"Is anyone else hungry?" Teresa asked the group.
Christina and John looked at each other both knowing that they were hungry but more so for some good hard sex after watching Teresa and the shoe salesman.
"I'm hungry but I think that..." Christina was saying.
"Well I am hungry too. Let's go to "The Branding Iron." Jasmine said interrupting Christina.
"If you guys take our stuff to the car, we'll go grab a table," added Teresa.
Christina and John looked at each other. Both wanted to go home and rip each others cloths off and have some hard raw sex but it looked like it would have to wait.
"Ok. We'll meet you there in a few minutes," John replied back.
After taking the bags from Jasmine and Teresa, Christina and John walked off toward the parking garage. John thought maybe we can take a couple of minutes and find a quiet spot in the garage.
Once John and Christina were out of sight, Jasmine stopped walking.
"What's up?" Teresa asked.
"You go ahead and get a table. I'm going to go and see if those two are going to do what I think they are going to do," replied Jasmine. "And what is it you think they are going to do," Teresa asked with a smirk on her face. She knew what the answer was going to be.
"I think the two of them are so horny that they are going to find a quiet secluded spot in the garage and fuck their brains out. And I want to watch if that's what they are going to do," replied Jasmine. "You've had some fun tonight. Go snag a table. Try to get one of the good ones. No reason we can't have a little more fun before we head home."
Teresa just snickered a little and headed off to the restaurant. "As long as you tell me later what you saw."
Jasmine walked at a quick pace to try to catch up to Christina and John. She was sure that if they were going to fool around that it would be after they put the shopping bags in the car. However there were a lot of places you could duck into and it would be hard to find them if she lost sight of them.
John was hungry alright but not for food. At least not right this minute. He was hungry for Christina. She looked hot in the short skirt with so much leg showing and wearing some hot heels. She looked hot flashing her panties at the salesman. To top it off, it made both of them hot watching Teresa and the salesman have sex in the back room of the shoe store.
Teresa walked into the restaurant and asked for a table for four people. Since Jasmine had worked there at one time, there were two definite tables either of which they wanted to sit at. So Teresa asked specifically for one of the two tables. The hostess looked at her with a questioning look but both tables would be freed up in fifteen minutes or so. If she and her friends wanted to wait while there were open tables, so be it.
Jasmine had almost caught up to Christina and John as they got to their car. Jasmine stopped far enough back that neither could see she was there. They put the bags in the back of the vehicle. As Christina closed the door, John reached for her and took her in his arms. He gave her a big wet kiss making sure to stick his tongue deeply into her mouth. Both of his hands worked their way down to Christina's ass and he gently caressed it.
Christina was extremely aroused and wanted John right then. John felt the same way and let Christina know it. If they were at home right now, they would be tearing each others cloths off with a frenzy of their hands. As it was their hands were all over each other anyway. John was hard and ready to take Christina. Christina was wet and ready for John to take her. Their passion had been boiling all afternoon and was now about to boil over. Just as Jasmine had hoped it would. Some people are voyeurs and some people are exhibitionists. However like a lot of people, Jasmine as both a voyeur and an exhibitionist depending on the situation.
John took Christina's hand and led her back toward the mall. Jasmine saw the couple headed her way and backed into one of the shadowy areas between two parked cars. From there she wouldn't be seen by the couple but she could watch them to see where they went.
John had seen a spot between two parking spots that looked like a storage room or something that had a short darkened hallway. Jasmine thought she knew where they were heading to since she had used the same spot several times. While it would offer some privacy from people walking to and from their cars close by, it did present the opportunity to watch anyone using the secluded spot. Or if anyone was driving up the ramp from a lower level of the parking garage. A car didn't even have to have its lights on although having their lights did put a spotlight on the action in the obscure spot.
The security office had one person that monitored the various security cameras through out the mall. Most cameras watched for youth gangs inside the mall or people causing trouble. Outside cameras watched for loiterers or other undesirables around the mall entrances and out side parking areas. And of course the cameras inside the parking garage watched for vandals or people breaking into vehicles while their owners shopped at stores in the mall. Of course all of the cameras had video recording devices so any infractions could be documented.
John pulled Christina into the small hallway that led to the utility room or whatever it was. Once they reached the end of the hallway, John and Christina embraced with a passionate kiss and let their hands roam over each others bodies.
Jasmine had taken a position across the aisleway and was hidden in the shadows were she could watch the couple. She could see John working his hands, one under Christina's skirt and the other hand fondling her right breast. Jasmine couldn't hear what they were saying but it wasn't important.
John had moved his other hand so now both were caressing Christina's breasts. Christina began working her panties down her legs. Then with a little movement of her hips and legs the panties were down to her ankles. First one foot came out then Christina lifted the panties to her hand using the other foot. She put her panties in her purse so not to lose them.
When the camera inside the parking garage showed a young couple in a darkened corner of the hallway leading to utility room thirty four, the security guard clicked the 'Record' button on the computer screen He also clicked off the 'Auto Refresh' button so the system would not automatically switch to the next camera. He didn't think they were going to break into the utility room but just in case. If they were going to do what he thought they were going to do, then he'd have a new video clip to add to his collection. Collecting surveillance video of people having sex or getting a blow job was a nice perk of this job.
John had his fingers rubbing Christina's clit with one hand and tweaking a nipple with the other. Christina was slowly caressing John's hard cock through his pants. Jasmine saw that this was the place they were going to have sex so she slowly backed against the wall to watch the show. Almost absent-mindedly one of her hands reached into her panties. Once she realized what she was doing, she too removed her panties. But instead of putting them into her purse, she had other plans for them. Sitting the panties on a clean spot on the ground, she went back to fingering her moist slit. The other hand reached up and began massaging first one breast then the other paying particular attention to her nipples.
The security guard used the zoom and pan features of the camera to get a closer, centered image of the young couple in the darkened hallway. Although it was too dark to see their faces, you definitely tell what they were doing. She was massaging his crotch. He was doing the same to her and her breasts. The woman unzipped the guy's pants and reached in to pull out his cock.
"I want you in me now," Christina pleaded.
"Turn around baby," John asked.
Christina turned around and put her hands on the wall then spread her legs apart to give John easy access.
"Scoot back a little and stick your ass out more," said John.
Christina did what John asked and spread her legs a little more. John flipped the short skirt up so it rested on her butt as she stuck it out like he requested. John slowly eased his hard prick up to Christina's wet pussy.
The security guard watched intently as the couple on the video monitor was about to have sex. If he knew that no one was going to walk in on him, he'd pull his dick out and start stroking it right then and there. But another guard might walk in and that would be the end of his job. And no more video clips like this. He wondered why people liked this one particular spot. No matter, as long as he got to record it for his use he was fine with what they were doing.
Jasmine was feverishly working her clit. She was right on the edge and was trying to wait to see some serious fucking so she could cum at almost the same time as her friends.
Christina was so horny that when John entered her pussy, her body went into overdrive. Her sexual arousal quickly climbed to the point that she was going to cum in a few seconds.
John's arousal was much the same. A few strokes and John was going to cum and cum hard. They were somewhat afraid of getting caught before but right now their animal passion had taken over and nothing was going to stop them from reaching the needed release.
"I am really close," Christina cried.
"Me too," John moaned.
John stroked into and out of Christina's pussy, once, twice, three times.
"Argghhhhh. I'm cumming baby," Christina cried out.
"Oh god. Me too baby," John said as he shoved into Christina fully.
Jasmine couldn't hold back any longer. As she rubbed her clit, her whole body exploded in an orgasm. The only thing that kept her from falling was the fact she was leaning back against the wall.
The security guard thought that they must have been really horny because the whole thing only lasted about 30 seconds. Usually there are 2 or 3 minutes of action but not this time. He wished his wife would do something hot like this just once.
John spewed his cum deep into his wife's pussy over and over. Each time he did, Christina's pussy contracted on John's cock. They were experiencing a mutual orgasm. Their bodies pulsed against each other about ten times or so before they started to come down from their sexual high.
Jasmine picked up her panties and used them to clean herself up. She held on the panties as she walked toward Christina and John in the shadows. John was busy trying to put his swollen cock back into his pants. Christina was cleaning herself up the best she could with her panties that were already soaked.
"That was so hot," Jasmine said startling the young lovers.
"Where did you come from?" John asked.
"Were you watching us the whole time?" Christina asked before Jasmine could respond to John's question.
"Come on, let's go meet Teresa. I knew the two of you are worked up from the shoe store. I figured I'd follow you and see what happened," Jasmine said with a chuckle. "So how was it?" Jasmine hung her soiled panties on the door handle to the utility room.
"I wouldn't have believed that I could cum that fast," said Christina. "I need to stop at a restroom to clean up a little before we go into the restaurant.
"I'm still horny," John remarked.
"Yeah, well watch what happens in the restaurant," Jasmine told the couple.
The three reached a restroom just inside the mall and all went to get rid of the smell of sex that each had. After each was done, they met outside the restroom and proceeded to the restaurant where Teresa had just been seated at the requested table.
"We are going to flash the waiters. Do you want to do it or want me to? Teresa is probably already taking one of the two chairs that gives the waiters a good view. A third chair will flash people at the bar if they are seated just right and looking," Jasmine explained.
Christina thought about it and looked to John for some sort of guidance. John just looked back at Christina with a 'I can't believe this shit is happening' look on his face.
"I don't know if I can do it or not," Christina said to Jasmine.
"If you want to try, Teresa and I will help you. You two go first. If you sit on Teresa's..." said Jasmine as she looked to see what chair Teresa was sitting in. "If you take the seat on her left, then you can flash the waiters. The seat on her right flashes certain seats at the bar. The choice is yours and I'll take the other chair."
The three walked slowly toward where Teresa was sitting. Christina's mind was spinning so fast that when she reached the table, she stopped and froze. Teresa looked at Christina and pushed the chair on her left out. That would mean Christina would be flashing the waiters if she had the courage. With no more thought then friends joining each other for dinner, Christina sat to Teresa's left and Jasmine sat on Teresa's right. John pulled a chair to sit next to his wife.
"Is anyone wearing panties?" Jasmine asked the other two women.
"Nope," Teresa said.
Christina just shook her head no. She wasn't able to speak she was so nervous.
"Ok, it will not take much to get one of the waiter's attention. Once we do, they will all be straining to get peeks up our skirts. Just act normal and go with it," Jasmine coached.
A younger man in his mid twenties came over and told the group that he would be their waiter. As he took their drink orders, he would glance down to see what they were wearing. Each woman had on a short skirt and showed plenty of leg. This was going to be a good table.
After the waiter had placed the drink order for the group, he walked back to the waiter area that the food orders were picked up. He told the other two guys standing there about the three hot women in short skirts at the table. When the guys looked over at the table, one of the women was sitting with her legs slightly parted. Not quite enough to see what kind of panties she was wearing but enough to see a lot of thigh. He turned back to say something to his friends when one pushed his shoulder and said "Look."
He looked back and smiled. She had opened her legs several more inches and you could see she wasn't wearing panties. She was completely shaven and you could easily see her pussy lips. Moments later the woman to her left uncrossed her legs as the three women spoke. If must be some really interesting conversation to make these women forget they were wearing short skirts.
"So you just uncrossed your legs, right?" Teresa asked.
"Yes," Christina answered.
"Well you have them hooked. All three are staring so blatantly that everyone in the restaurant would be looking to see what the commotion was." Jasmine said.
For the next hour the four friends had a waiter at their table almost the whole time. They were asked if they needed anything so often that it was difficult to finish eating. Jasmine got her turn also when 2 older men sat down at the bar to eat. Once they realized that a young woman was sitting in such a position that they could see up her skirt and see her 'coochy' as one guy put it, they kept her thighs under constant observation. One guy even managed to get several pictures with his cell phone although the pictures were not the greatest.
"Are we done or is anyone going to have desert?" Teresa asked the group. No one wanted any desert.
"Ok, one final reward for waiter, said Teresa. She instructed Christina what they were going to do when the waiter returned to the table.
The waiter returned to the table and just as Teresa expected, he stood between Teresa and Christina. The bill had been placed between Teresa and Christina and they had moved it further from the table edge. The waiter would have to step between them to retrieve the payment. When the waiter stepped between them, both women turned to face him and basically caught him between their legs.
Each woman spread her legs slightly and when the waiter looked down, he was standing in the middle of four legs in a diamond shape. Their skirts had hiked up so much that when the waiter looked down, he saw one pussy completely shaven and the other pussy was quite bushy but very nice looking. Both seemed to be glistening because they were wet.
They slid off their chairs and straightened out their skirts, pulling them down to cover themselves. Jasmine not to be outdone let her legs spread open so much that her legs strained against the skirt pulling it tight. The two older men at the bar received their most unforgettable memory in their lives. Of course they both thought that the flash was completely innocent and accidently but that is what Jasmine wanted them to remember.
The four friends walked to the car and after a mostly uneventful trip home each returned to their apartments. Jasmine and Teresa took their cloths off the minute they were in the apartment. Jasmine grabbed they bag of toys while Teresa jumped into their bed.
Christina was fondling John's cock before they ever got to the apartment door. As Christina was unlocking the door to the apartment, John was fingering her wet pussy. The door opened and Christina walked through followed by John. As John was closing and locking the door, Christina was pulling her skirt off and kicking her heels off. As John was turning around, Christina was dropping down onto all fours and spreading her legs. John didn't need a hint. John was working to get his pants unbuckled and off as quickly as he could. Meanwhile Christina had dropped down to her face with her ass thrusting in the air. She had one hand twisting and pulling her nipples. The other hand was fingering and rubbing her pussy as fast as her hand would move.
John dropped down to his knees and lined his cock up with Christina's pussy. He made one thrust and was all the way in. As soon as John reached bottom, Christina began to cum. John made about six hard thrusts and then he grabbed Christina by the hips and sunk his cock as deep into her as it would go when started to cum. Christina was having multiple orgasms. Johns cocks pulsed into Christina four or five times then began to stop cumming. Christina orgamsed for another 15 seconds then her body too began to relax. They laid there for some time relaxing and catching their breath. Today had been to most erotic, eye opening day in their young life together.
Each wondered what tomorrow would bring.