I hope you enjoy this story. Best understood if you read the proceeding parts. This part of the story is being told by Cherry, Merilee's daughter.
Edited by DRGriffin
Cherry escalates her control of Randy
Well, I'll be darn. In reading Mom's account, I realize that Mom is finding herself, not just becoming a trailer trash slut but also finding her own identity. It is a coincidence that at the same time she is figuring out that she likes being controlled by Jake, I am finding that I like controlling Randy.
You see, Randy and I are becoming an item, and not just sexually. In our case, I was growing as the dominate to Randy. I was also figuring out that it takes a lot of work to be the dominate. It is strange that this extremely smart guy, so commanding at his studies, is so subservient to me in ordinary things. I considered that he put all his energies into his studies and just wanted to be told what to do in the ordinary.
Randy and I had been screwing every chance we got since that first weekend by the pool. As we were both learning about sex together, I took responsibility for the growth in our relationship. It did help to have Sid around. We were talking on a regular basis. She had obviously had a lot of experience in certain areas and was encouraging me to be more adventurous.
She said, "Make him want it so bad he would do anything for you just for your favor."
I said, "Really?"
Sid said, "Yes. The more you control him the more he is going to like it. Don't ask him because he probably doesn't know what he wants. Part of the control is to be more provocative in your dress. Remember how the red bikini worked? Why don't you try Teddy's Specialties? Buy provocative clothes to wear when you are with him. Make him drool. Make him beg. In fact, I am willing put my money where my mouth is. I will call Teddy to authorize a budget for you to spend."
"Oh no! I just can't take anymore from you. That is too generous." After reading Mom's story I realize Sid was playing me. She just couldn't help herself. She had to manipulate the situation. She was turning me into a dominate. But in this case, she was helping her son and me.
Sid smiled a sweet smile, "Think of it as a gift to my son. I am sure he will like this. I also think you should raise the bar on restraints and pain. I saw you spank him. I could also see how turned on that made him. I have other ideas of what he may like. Try making him wear nipple clamps. You may even see if he likes wearing an anal plug while you screw. I am going to make you a grab bag of toys I think you may like."
I was taken aback by this tack but I also wasn't turned off by the idea. Sid sent Melville over the next day with a basket of stuff. I had to research what some of these things were on the internet.
I did go to Teddy's shop. Teddy was a very nice lady who gave me great deals on everything I bought. She also seemed very curious about me. I now know that part of her inquisitiveness was because she remembered Mom and Jake. I think she figured that I was Mom's daughter. At the time, I thought she was just being conscientious.
The weekend Mom was helping Jake with his bid for business I decided to put some of Sid's advice in action. Randy and I would be together most of the weekend, studying for mid-terms. Randy and I had both agreed that we wouldn't let anything get in the way of our studies. We both wanted to be successful and were both driven. I think that was one of the things we liked about each other.
On Saturday morning, I had the weekend planned. I was anxious for several reasons. I had no experience with teasing. I also knew I was running a risk of losing him if I went over the line. But so far it seemed the more dominant I was with him the more he liked it.
Randy and I were going to the library Saturday morning. I wore one of my new outfits from Teddy's. I put on a thong that barely covered my now completely shaved genitals. A very thin red lacey bra. I started to go braless but decided to do that later in the weekend. In this bra, my areolas were still very visible. I had the same areolas as Mom's, small, very red and with nipples that could extend like pencil eraser. My breasts were firmer and stood up more than Mom's and Granbern's but not as large. They were at least G's and I was a full D.
I wore a pair of very tight white short shorts with red knee-high socks that covered my knees and a thin red tank top that barely covered my bra leaving a lot of cleavage. In looking in the mirror, thinking about going in public looking like this, I got excited. You could see the crease of my big ass as the shorts were so short and my nipples were extended because of my excitement. Plus, I could feel the moisture creeping out between my thighs just from the anticipation. The shorts were cutting into my labia.
Just before Randy knocked on the door I almost chicken out of wearing this outfit. I opened the door, hugged Randy and said, "How do you like my outfit?" I made a quick spin. "Is it too much? Do you want me to change? Will it embarrass you if I go to the library dressed like this?" I was talking very fast because of my excitement and fear.
Randy smiled, "You look beautiful. Why would I not like to be with you dressed like that? I hope my few friends see us and are jealous that a hot babe like you would want to be with me. Cherry, I love that outfit. The only problem is I can hardly wait until you will let me see more."
I realized then that Sid was right. I gave him a coy sexy (I hoped) smile and said, "You can look but can't touch. You can show me off but you will pay tonight for my favor." I could see his dick harden in his Dockers from this little teasing. I knew I needed to work harder at the tease. Sid was right. Make him beg.
Randy bowed his head and said, "Yes Miss Cherry. I know I am a bad boy and will need to be punished."
I pinched his ear, "You bad boy. You are thinking about Miss Cherry doing nasty things with you. Aren't you? Tell Miss Cherry the truth."
He answered still looking at the floor, "I am thinking about nasty things. I am thinking about what Miss Cherry will do to me. I can't help it. Miss Cherry is so sexy."
"Okay, behave my bad boy. We must study. I expect you and I to ace our mid-terms. Now let's go."
We went to the Student Union for lunch before the library. I got a lot of attention from the other students. I felt self-conscious about the attention I was getting but Randy beamed with pride. I was even beginning to think I was his hot girlfriend. I observed that I wasn't the only girl in the Union wearing an outfit that showed off the female anatomy. In reality, I was only about in the middle of the pack. One girl had ass cheeks hanging out and no bra with a tank top showing off a small set of perky tits. I decided next time no bra.
We then went to the library and really did study.
With an armload of books, I bent to sit them on the desk as he sat across from me. I caught him looking at my ample bosom. I bent over the desk to whisper in his ear, again showing a lot of breast to him, "I know that you are being a bad boy. You are having nasty thoughts about Miss Cherry. Aren't you?"
Randy looked up and grinned, "I can't deny it Miss Cherry. Miss Cherry is so sexy, I can't help myself."
We actually did for the most part study all afternoon. I got up to use the toilet and I glanced back to catch Randy watching my big round buns fight to stay in my short white shorts. When I got back I sat next to him, laid his hand at the top of my thigh and whispered to him, "You like Miss Cherry big round buns. Don't you?"
"Yes, Miss Cherry I had such nasty thoughts watching you walk to the restroom."
"We need to make good grades so I am going to make you a deal. Study real hard for the next hour and Miss Cherry will give you a reward." I slipped my hands between his legs and felt his penis had grown to its full length. I knew he was hurting. I nibbled his ear as I whispered, "I will take care of that for you."
He smiled big and his hand slipped to touch my shorts, "I will work real hard for Miss Cherry to earn my reward."
I moved back to the other side of the table and we did work hard for the next hour. It was now close to six and I wanted to eat. I closed my books, packed my back pack, and said to Randy who had been watching me closely, "Follow me."
I lead him to a unisex restroom. There was no one around as we both slipped in and I locked the door.
I said, "You have been very good the last hour so you have a reward coming."
"Thank you, Miss Cherry."
"First I am going to show you my bra but you can't touch."
I pulled the tank straps off my shoulder and pushed the material to my waist. My tits were barely contained in the thin lacy material of the bra. I reached up and pinched both nipples to make them stand up. "Do you like my bra?"
"Yes, Miss Cherry, I love your hard nipples. May I touch them?"
"You may touch the bra but not inside."
As he rubbed my tits through the bra, I unbuckled his belt and pulled his pants down to let them drop to his feet. I felt his penis with his boxers still on. I felt a nice hard long dick ready to be taken.
"Oh my, I think you are ready for your reward. Miss Cherry has been doing research on how to give a blow job. Would you like for Miss Cherry to give you your first blow job?"
He stopped breathing for a beat, I felt his penis take all the blood from his heart, as he said, "I am not worthy but it would be a great reward."
I continued to rub his penis as he rubbed my bra and breasts. I was so close to an orgasm myself just from the dialogue and him squeezing my jugs. I said, "Funny thing, your mother gave me instructions on how to give a blow job. Your mother is very knowledgeable about sex and has given me several suggestions."
I couldn't decide how this affected Randy but it certainly didn't turn him off.
I said, "I want you to tell me how to do this better when I am finished. That is your job."
He said, "Yes, Miss Cherry."
I gave him a deep kiss while he continued to massage my breasts as I slipped his very brief briefs to the floor and stroked his hard-straining penis. I dropped to my knees, stroked his pretty penis, kissed up and down all sides and then focused on the tip. He was moaning. The pre-cum had started.
I said, "I love the salty taste of your pre-cum." I only knew this was what was happening because Sid had told me about it. I gently took the tip into my mouth and flipped my tongue around the tip. I let my tongue explore every aspect of his tip as I gently stroked the shaft. I knew he wouldn't last long if I did much more than a gentle stroke. He had a hand on the wall to help him stay upright.
I placed my hands on either side of his hips and slowly allowed his shaft to enter my mouth. I didn't think I could get it all and decided not to try. Sid had instructed me to be patient, get used to the feel of a dick in my throat and avoid gagging. She had told me my throat had to get accustomed to having something going down it. Each move in and out I let him get only as far as I was comfortable. It seemed like I found the spot that was right. I felt with my hand to find that I had all but about two inches down my throat.
I kept one hand on his hip to control the depth and with the other I unzipped my shorts, slipped my hand into my thong and found my extended clit. I had an immediate orgasm. This seemed to relax me even more about what I was doing. With that relaxation and that I had my release, I started picking up my pace.
Randy said, "Oh, Miss Cherry, that feels so good. You are too nice to your nasty boy."
This just spurred me on, I picked up the pace to as fast as I thought I could go without gagging. I felt his penis get just a little larger in my mouth. I wanted to taste his cum. I pushed harder on my elongated clit and had my second orgasm as he started squirting into my mouth. Since I had never done this before I completely mistimed my stroke so very little of his first gush of fluids went in my mouth. It streamed down my chin, onto my chest and I could feel it getting my lacy bra wet.
I did manage to time the second and third eruptions and swallowed that. I liked the salty taste of him. I pushed him as far in as I could as he finished and sucked real hard like I wanted all of it.
I licked him clean, got on my feet, and said, "You really are a nasty boy. Lick your jizzum off Miss Cherry." I kissed him deeply. He then licked my chin and chest clean of his jizzum.
I hugged him and whispered, "How was your reward?"
"It was great. I can't believe you knew how to do that."
I said back, "Thank your mother. Do you mind if I discussed this with her?"
"Not at all. I know Mom is very experienced. She thinks I don't know about what she and Rod do, but I do. I am glad you two are getting close but be careful."
I said, "We need to talk about that some time but not today. I also know you need to get to know my mother." I gave him a sexy smile, "You are still going to get your punishment tonight. Look you got your stuff all over my bra."
"I am sorry Miss Cherry."
There was a knock on the door and a male said, "Hey, what is going on in there?"
Randy said loudly, "Just a minute." Then he said softly to me, "I will take care of this while you get situated."
I said, "Okay."
He slipped out the door. I heard him say, "Sorry but my sister got sick. It doesn't smell so good in there and she is going to need a few more minutes to get cleaned up. You may want to try the restroom around the corner."
The male said, "Fine. I hope she is alright."
Randy knocked on the door and said, "I am going to get my stuff. See you out front."
I said, "Okay."
I removed my bra, put it in my backpack, pulled the tank top back in place and looked in the mirror. While it was clear that I wasn't wearing a bra, my nipples were making themselves seen, it still wasn't completely out of line to be walking around like this. I thought Randy would like it.
Randy was waiting for me with his backpack, took mine and we walked out of the library.
Randy said as we walked to the car staring at my braless shirt, "Miss Cherry, I am having such nasty thoughts. Your breasts are so pretty bouncing up and down as you walk. I just love them."
"You have such a dirty mind. You got my bra wet and it was uncomfortable. It is your fault I have to go without a bra. Would it embarrass you to be seen with me like this at Tony's Deli? I need to watch my weight and would like a salad. Another pound and I won't be able to wear these new shorts."
Randy smiled, "I would be happy to take you to Tony's just as you are. You are the hottest girl on campus. Plus, you have new skills. That is my first and only blow job but I don't think it could have been any better."
"Thank you, Randy. I will get better."
Randy gave a big grin. We were driving to Tony's as we talked. "So, you are going to do it again? It didn't gross you out."
"Oh no. I liked doing it very much. Your penis feels very good in my mouth and you taste so good. I like cum. Next time I will catch more."
Randy said, "I will be a good boy so Miss Cherry will give me a reward."
We sat at a small round table to eat dinner. I couldn't help but give everyone a nice view of the top half of my breasts, some side boob and outline of nipples that were hard pebbles. Randy and every male kept watching me.
As we ate Randy asked, "So you and Mom are becoming friends?"
"I think so. I think she likes me. She has given me a lot of advice about sex. I know I should be talking to my mother but I think yours has far more experience." Little did I know this was changing so quickly.
Randy said, "She does but never discussed it with me. She did her best but Mom is different. Grandfather had a couple take care of me as a little baby and then Mom hired a male tutor that worked with me until I was about twelve. Then she sent me to a school for special kids. It was a little lonely and I did miss home. But I know she has wanted the best for me."
I wanted to cry but managed to say, "Randy, she loves you very much. She wanted you even though she was so young at the time. She is very different. My Mom is normal." Well I thought she was anyway.
"I know Mom loves me. I like that you and she are becoming friends. So far, her advice has been exactly right. You are doing things I wouldn't know I liked but do. I mean, it is exciting me so much to see your breasts like this. I am getting so turned on again. I would do anything to touch you."
I gave him a sexy smile, "You are already in trouble. I will have to make the punishment worst because I can see you are letting that thing in your pants expand."
He whined, "You are so sexy."
We finished dinner and headed back to the guest house.
As we closed the door, I said, "Time for my naughty boy to be punished. Take off your clothes and get Miss Cherry a glass of white wine."
Randy removed his clothes while I watched. His penis was already at standing up. As he went to the kitchen to open the wine, I got the toys I planned to use which Sid had given me. I hid them under a towel.
Randy handed me the wine. I took a big gulp of wine, kissed him on the cheek, took his now fully erect penis in my hand and said, "This is now mine and for my pleasure. I am going to use it any way that pleases me. First thing is your punishment."
I struggled to get out of tight white short shorts, leaving only a red thong to go with the braless red tank top. Randy stared at my near naked bottom.
I did a circle and said, "Look but you can't touch. Yet!" I turned my naked ass to him and said, "Is it as good as your dirty thoughts have been all day?"
Randy said, "No it is much better. Can I kiss it? Please Miss Cherry let me kiss it."
"Admit that you have had nasty thought about my ass and you need to be punished."
"My thoughts have been consumed with thoughts of your wonderful body. Please let me kiss it and make me hurt for being such a bad boy."
"Ok, you can kiss my ass but you can't touch it with your hands."
I jutted my ass out with a slight bend at the waist as his lips touched my right cheek. He kissed my fleshy buns until I said, "Time for your punishment."
I reached under the towel and pulled out a twelve-inch leather paddle. I said, "Grab the arms of the chair and tell Miss Cherry why you are being punished."
He grabbed the chair which made him stick his ass out for me to hit with the paddle. He said, "I have had fantasies about Miss Cherry's body. I thought about her being naked, sticking my dick in her beautiful pussy, touching her full beautiful breasts and feeling her luscious round ass cheeks. I wanted to suck on her beautiful pussy. I fantasized even about Miss Cherry spanking me and making me do things."
I said, "How many licks do you desire?"
"Whatever Miss Cherry thinks."
"Count and ask me for another."
Whack, Randy said, "One, may I have another Miss Cherry?"
Whack, Randy said, "Two, may I have another Miss Cherry?"
Whack, Randy said, "Three, may I have another Miss Cherry?"
With that one I reached around, squeezed his rock-hard penis and said, "This boy seems to think for you. But you know I love it, don't you?"
Randy said, "Yes mam, I know. I want more. Please."
Whack, Randy said, "Four, may I have another Miss Cherry?"
Then continued until, "Ten, may I have another Miss Cherry?"
I said, "No that is enough for that. I have another way to punish you." Now stand up and place your hands behind you.
I got the handcuffs Sid had given to me and handcuffed his hands behind him. I said, "Now sit on the couch. You don't get to touch me until I am ready. I am going to pleasure myself while you watch."
I took nipple clamps, pinched the tight flesh of his hard pics and clamped his nipples. I looked at him and whispered, "Does that hurt too much?"
He whispered back, "It is okay. I will tell you if it gets to be too much."
I nodded and placed an elastic cock ring around his nut sack and penis. This made his genitals stand up even more.
I said, "Now you are ready to watch your Miss Cherry pleasure herself."
I pulled the tank top off leaving me only wearing the red thong. I placed my hands under my large breast, pushed up and asked, "Are these what you have wanted all day?"
"Oh yes, Miss Cherry, I have thought about seeing them all day. But the mental picture is nothing compared to the reality of them. You are so beautiful!"
I could tell the discomfort of the nipple clamps and cock ring was only making accentuating the experience for him.
I sat on the chair, closed my eyes and massaged my sensitive breasts. I moaned as I pinched my nipples to make them extend as much as possible. I was so turned on just this came close to giving me an orgasm. I took one hand off a breast and rubbed the small cloth between my legs.
I whimpered, "Oh gawd, that feels so good." I started having an orgasm. With my eyes still closed I said, "Can you see that Miss Cherry is having a nice orgasm."
I opened my eyes to look at him as he said, "Oh yes, Miss Cherry I could see that orgasm. I want to put it in you so badly."
"Nasty boy, I am going to fuck you not the other way around. It will be soon, but first."
I stood pulled my thong off, sat back down, spread my legs and felt an already drenched pussy. I looked at him and asked, "Do you like my bald pussy?"
"It is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. I love your white flesh."
"Wouldn't you want your penis here?" I pushed three fingers into my pussy and had another orgasm.
"Oh, fuck yes, I want it in all the way."
"Did you see that orgasm?"
"I saw that you had a nice orgasm." He was squirming.
I wasn't sure how much more of this he could take. Or for that matter me. I decided to let him know I was close to fucking him. I retrieved my medium sized rabbit vibrator, one I had been using for a long time and said, "This is my favorite vibrator. I have been using it for a long time. I thought you would like to see how Miss Cherry has managed to be a virgin when we fucked. After that I am going to stick your nasty rod up my sensitive hole."
"I want to see how Miss Cherry has pleasured herself."
I turned the rabbit on. I opened the clitoral hood with my thump and finger and lightly touched my clit. I couldn't take much of this without another orgasm but it set me up to be on the verge of a big orgasm.
I slide it all the way in. I looked at Randy and his attention was riveted to the vagina sucking up the gyrating phallic shaped silicon device. I closed my eyes to enjoy this beautiful boy watching me give myself pleasure. It wasn't long before I started a long spasm. I had the rabbit pushed all the way in to hit my G spot but also had it shoved squarely on my clitoris. My hips were rocking back and forth with the gyrating device. My breasts were rocking back and forth. I could feel them hitting my biceps. I kept up this motion for as long as this orgasm lasted.
I also lost track of what I was doing. It didn't seem that this one would end before I would lose consciousness. I felt the fluids quashing from my pleasure hole. I could feel it running into the crack of my ass. But the volcano between by legs finally stopped erupting.
I opened my eyes to see that Randy was in a trance watching me give myself this giant orgasm.
I pulled the vibrator out and put it back on the towel. I smiled at Randy, walked up to him, straddle him and said, "Did you like that?"
"Yes, Miss Cherry. I have never seen anything like it."
I sat on him with my labia barely touching the tip of his penis. I asked, "Are you ready for me to pleasure myself using your extension?"
"I am yours to do with as you please. Anything you want."
"Would you like for me to remove the cock ring before I start fucking you?"
Randy though for a minute and said, "I want to try it on. If it hurts too much I will tell you. But I want to touch you. Will you remove the handcuffs now?"
I said, "Not quite yet but soon."
I took his penis and flicked it over my clit. I was surprised how quickly I was ready for another orgasm. I was so sensitive there it seemed any pressure stimulated me to the point of eruption. He was squirming wanting his penis in my waiting hole. I shifted forward just enough to let a little in. I had an orgasm and I could feel my vagina contract tightly around his penis. He let out a moan.
Once the orgasm had finished I said, "Tell me how much you want to be all the way in me."
"Miss Cherry please push it all the way in. Your pussy is so tight when you have an orgasm I can feel it and it feels so good."
I shifted all the way forward so that my stomach was pressing into his. I could feel his balls pressed hard against my thighs. "Do you want the cock ring removed?"
He looked at me, smiled and said, "It hurts too good. Leave it but could you remove the nipple clamps. I think I have lost feeling."
I said, "Sid told me it would hurt when I removed them so get ready for the blood to return."
He nodded. I removed them and he yelled, "Ouch that hurt. Please rub them for me."
I rubbed both his nipples then kissed each of them. The redness quickly went away and he said, "That is good."
I said, "You have taken your punishment so well, I am going to give you a reward. How would you like to suck on Miss Cherry's nipples?"
"Oh, please may I Miss Cherry. I have been imagining it all day."
I leaned forward so that he could get his mouth on either breast. He sucked on first one and then the other. Even though I wasn't moving on his penis the pleasure of his dick in me, the slurping sounds he as making and the pressure his teeth were making on my sensitive nipple, I had another orgasm.
I said, "Oh my gawd. I just had another one just from what you were doing with your mouth. I think I am ready to have your hands on them."
Randy said, "Please Miss Cherry let me touch them."
I reached behind him and hit the cuff release button. Each hand grabbed a handful of tit but he still didn't release the nipples from his mouth. I started a slow rock back and forth. He was hard and long and felt so deep inside me. I now couldn't distinguish when one orgasm started and ended. It seemed to be continuous. I was so glad he could last. I am sure if I hadn't given him a blow job earlier in the day he would have been already finished.
I wanted his hands on my ass, so I took them off my tits and placed them on each of my prominent mounds of flesh. He obliged and took a full handful of each cheek and helped me pump his elongated member. I was in heaven, having continuous orgasm.
He said, "I am going to cum."
"Fill me full my sweet boy."
With that he came. There was still a good volume even though this was his second orgasm today. I wrapped my arms around his head, squeezing my large breast around his head. As his ejaculation started to subside, we kissed a hard-deep French kiss as my pussy continued to milk him of all he had to give.
When he was clearly finished, I continued to hold him. Finally, he said, "Miss Cherry, I need to get the cock ring off."
I laughed, raised up off him and gently removed the constricting device. I grabbed a towel, handed it to him and said, "Clean me off and then go get us some water."
He wiped me off, I took the toys back to the bedroom, and sat on the towel on the couch as he brought us both some water. Neither of us bothered to put clothes back on as I think we both knew that we were going to screw once more. I sat on my knees with my arm draped around him so that my breasts were brushing against his arm.
As we drank our water I said, "Did you enjoy that?"
He smiled a big smile, "I don't know how to describe it. It was wonderful. Almost out of body. Did you?"
"Well yes but I was in control. Was there any of it you wouldn't want repeated?"
He said, "How would you like another glass of wine. I saw you had the beer I like."
I said, "Sure."
He came back, handed me my wine and took the same place, only this time one hand held a beer and the other was placed on my thigh. His penis never really quite went flaccid.
"Miss Cherry I liked it all. I loved the teasing even though it made me ache. I loved watching you pleasure yourself and if I hadn't been handcuffed I couldn't have kept my hands off. The nipple clamps and cock ring hurt but it seemed to enhance my pleasure. So as far as I am concerned it was perfect."
"Did it really not embarrass you for me to dress like I did today?"
"No, I loved it. It made me ache but that only made the release better. As far as I am concerned you can dress like that anytime you think it's right."
"Sid told me we probably needed a safe word."
I had finished my wine. I placed it on the table and started to rub his chest.
Randy said, "We probably do. Let's think of one."
I began to rub down his hard stomach. He was small but ripped. Swimming had made him hard and lean. With my big ass and tits, we were probably close to the same weight. He finished his beer and sat the can down. He took me in his arms and kissed me as he started to rub my still sensitive breasts.
I let out a moan, "Oooooooo..."
I found his now hard penis and said, "It didn't take you long, did it?"
He said with his face close to mine still feeling up my breasts, "I have been ready for you since the day I saw you at the pool. The attraction for me was almost immediate. I love your body."
I said, "Me too."
He pushed me back on the couch. He slipped his dick in my still gushing pussy. It felt so good for him to be taking me. He raised on both arms and looked down on me. He said, "Miss Cherry, I am falling so hard for you."
He wasn't moving much but I still had another orgasm. "Did you feel what you do to me?"
He said, "Yes, I did."
I said, "I am falling for you also. But let's not get too far ahead. We have so much school. I like how things are progressing. I'm not ready to use the L word."
He said as he slowly started pumping in and out of me. "No but I want to make a commitment to you. I want you to be my girlfriend."
I pulled him down on me and kissed him, then whispered in his ear, "Oh yeah, I want to be your girlfriend."
He started moving even more and said, "I want us to be committed to each other."
I said, "Oh gawd, that feel so good to me." He was taking long slow strokes in and out of my pussy. He was so light on top of me but his penis filled me up so nicely. "I am ready to make a commitment to you. Let's just not say L yet."
He said, "Okay Miss Cherry."
Now he started moving faster. My orgasms were now coming faster. I could feel him so hard inside me. He pumped me for a long time and I enjoyed every stroked. He finally came for a third time that day inside me. This time it was a smaller discharge.
We laid on me for a long time, before I said, "We need to get to sleep."
He got dressed, but I didn't. I said, "You know Sid has invited me to have lunch with you tomorrow."
"She told me. That sounds fun."
"You know she told me that she wanted me to wear one of the revealing outfits she paid for. Are you okay if I do that?"
He smiled, "I am always fine with that. Dress as sexy as you want. Make Mom jealous and Rod wish he was me."
"Okay, I am going to study tomorrow morning."
Randy said, "Me too. I will see you at lunch. Let decide on a safe word tomorrow."
We kissed goodnight and Randy went to the main house to sleep. I didn't bother bathing or putting on clothes as I went to bed so happy.
I have lunch with the Woolsey and swim with Randy
Lunch at the Woolsey's main house was at one.
I had purchased four outfits at Teddy's to choose from. The most obvious was a tunic style white beach dress. It fit loose with over the shoulder straps to hold it up. It was cut to show a lot of cleavage and draped on the side which allowed a peak of side boob. It draped to about mid back. It ended about mid-thigh with a black lacy pattern. There was no way to wear a bra without it showing. The material was thin enough to be see though in certain light, so Teddy had sold me a pair of bikini cut silk panties to go with it. I wore white sandals and a white straw hat with outfit.
I knocked on the door at one. Melville said, "Good afternoon, Miss. The others are already on the patio."
I followed Melville to the covered back-yard patio. Already seated at an outdoor table for six were Sid, Rod and Randy. They all stood to welcome me.
Sid said, "Well aren't you pretty in that dress. My goodness Cherry when you dress up, you certainly can turn heads. Is that from Teddy's?"
I said, "It is. Randy, do you like?" I made a 360 degree turn to show it all off, then removed the hat and handed it to Melville.
Randy smiled a big approving smile, "You are beautiful Miss Cherry."
Rod chimed in, "You certainly are a delight. I am so glad you are joining us." I had only met Rod once.
I said, "Sid, thank you for buying the clothes for me. I feel so guilty."
Sid said, "Please sit. Melville go ahead and serve lunch. I hope everyone likes salmon. I like to have fish for Sunday lunch."
Melville placed a plate in front of us already with a large piece of salmon and a salad. He put vegetable and bread in the middle for us to serve ourselves. He poured wine for us all.
Sid said, "Enjoy everyone. Cherry, please don't feel guilty for our help. Rod and I have helped many young people like you. Haven't we Rod?"
Rod said, "Yes. May I call you Cherry?"
I said, "Yes you may Mr. Woolsey."
Rod smiled, "Rod is fine. Sid and I decided long ago one of the ways we would give back is to find deserving young people and help them out. I never had a kid and in many cases, we have relationships with people for a life time. In fact, as we speak there is a very smart young man named Jerome that we are giving similar assistance. Randy has met a few of them."
I said, "I think that is so good of you but so many people are helping me; Mom, Granbern, you and Sid. I just wish I knew how I would pay you back."
Sid said, "Make good grades and get you nursing degree. That will make all of us happy."
The meal was very good. For a while, I found out a lot about the Woolsey businesses. I had no idea that they were into so many things. I knew they were rich but I think I may have underestimated how much.
After we finished desert, Randy said, "Cherry and I have made a commitment to each other. Neither of us wants to go any further than to say we are in a committed relationship but it is getting a little more serious than just friends."
Sid smiled at me, "I think that is great. What does your mother say?"
I said, "She doesn't know about Randy yet. I am going to take care of that this coming week after mid-terms. I wanted to tell her in person and, well, I have been so busy and this has happened so fast I just haven't had a chance. I don't have class Friday. I was hoping that you would let me have the weekend off."
Sid said, "Oh sure, just let the club manager know. Randy, have you met Merilee?"
Randy said, "No mam. Cherry has told me a lot about her."
Sid said, "She is a very nice lady. You will like her."
We continued talking until about four when I said, "I so appreciate lunch and the afternoon. I have really enjoyed it but I am sure you have other things to do. Plus, I wanted to go for a swim this afternoon. Randy, would you like to join me? I have a surprise for you."
Randy smiled big and said, "I finished studying this morning and I was hoping we could find something to do. Swimming sounds great. Mom, can you do without me?"
Sid laughed, "Like I could stop you. You kids have fun."
When I got up to leave, both Rod and Sid hugged me. Sid whispered, "I am so happy for you."
I whispered back, "Me too. Thank you."
The surprise I had for Randy was a new very revealing swim suit. It was a white string bikini I got at Teddy's. The triangles on top barely started a couple inches above the nipples and was only about three inches wide at the base of my breasts. Strings tied behind my back and neck. The bottoms tied on the side with the bottoms barely covering my Mons Pubis and was only about four inches wide covering my bottom. With my broad hips, this left most of my ass cheeks hanging out. I didn't think I could really wear this in public. It came with a thin gauzy beach cover that tied at the neck.
So off to the pool I went. Randy was already swimming. When I got there still with the cover on, he got out wearing his little bit of a Speedo that clearly outlined that beautiful penis I loved. Yes, I loved it.
I smiled a coy sexy smile and said, "Ready for you surprise?"
He said, "Yes, Miss Cherry."
I removed the beach cover and did a 360 turn. "What do you think?"
His penis was beginning to grow. Before he could speak, I stepped to him and placed my hand on his growing penis and said, "Never mind. What I am holding tells me what I need to know."
He said now with a completely hard penis barely covered by the Speedo, "Miss Cherry you are so sexy. I am thinking such nasty thoughts."
I rubbed his penis and thought he was going to cum. I said, "Down boy. We need to get some exercise. I mean swim now but maybe other kinds of exercise later. Jump in and cool off my bad little boy."
He clearly needed to get cool but so did I. I wanted him as badly as he wanted me.
We swam for about thirty minutes. My stamina was getting better but he was still about twice as fast as me. It was now after five. We sat the chase lounges next to each other.
As we sat, I asked, "Are you ready to meet my Mom?"
He was staring at my wet breasts that were mostly uncovered.
He said, "Whenever you want me too. Think we should buy something for each other to signify our relationship?"
I said, "I really can't afford to buy you anything. I want to tell Mom this week but I would rather do that with just the two of us. Maybe I will tell her Friday and have you come over Saturday. I am still working through how to do this. She has been so adamant about boys."
He said, "Whatever you think but it is time. As you know my last test is on Thursday. I plan to take the weekend off anyway."
Randy was practically salivating looking at me. He was turning me on also. His penis was sticking straight up with the little Speedo was nowhere close to covering him.
I said, "You are such a naughty boy. Take your trunks off. They aren't covering anything anyway."
He pulled his trunks off and stood waiting for me to tell him what to do. I said, "I think Miss Cherry needs to have some lotion rubbed on her. Dry my back off and rub the lotion in my bag on my back."
I rolled on my stomach. He straddled me, with a leg on each side of the chair and squirted the body lotion first on my shoulder.
I said, "Now do my legs."
He kneaded my calves and then my thighs. My privates were getting sopping wet.
I said, "Miss Cherry's pussy is getting her new bottoms nasty, untie them and move them aside."
He untied the bottoms and I raised enough for him to pull them off. I said, "Now massage that oil into my gluts. I have had a lot of exercise this weekend and think that will feel good.
He liberally oiled my big ass cheeks. He kneaded from side to side and then sat with his bottom between my spread legs and massaged up and down from my back to my gushing pussy.
I asked, "Do you like Miss Cherry's fat butt?"
"I love Miss Cherry wonderfully round full butt. It's not fat. It is perfect."
"You are doing such a good job. I think those are surgeon's hands. Now sit on my butt with your penis between my oiled cheeks, untie and remove my top and massage my back."
His penis fit perfectly between my ass cheeks. With my top gone, he started working on my back. His penis was sliding up and down my oiled ass cheeks as he went up and down and across my back.
I said, "Naughty boy, don't you come until Miss Cherry is ready for you to."
"I won't Miss Cherry but your cheeks fit my penis so nicely. It feels too good. But I will do as you say."
I said, "Keep sliding your penis in my crack a little longer. It really feels good there. If you are a good boy, I may let you slip it into my nastiest hole one of the days. For now, let your penis tease Miss Cherry's nastiest hole but don't you dare cum."
He continued sliding the head of his penis from top to bottom of my ass crack, each time slowing over the hole itself. One time he stopped at the entrance to my anus. It was very slick and he let a little of the head enter. I had to admit it felt good. I thought he had the tip into the sphincter.
I said, "That is far enough. When you are ready put that beautiful dick of yours in my pussy. I want you to fuck me staring at my fat ass."
Randy slipped his penis into my drenched pussy.
I squealed, "Oh Randy, you sweet boy, fuck Miss Cherry's pussy hard. It feels so good. Are you looking at my fat ass?"
Randy grunted as he shoved deep in my pussy. He had his hands full of my full round cheeks. He said, "I am looking at your beautiful ass shake. It looks so good to me."
He was kneading my ass cheeks, pulling them apart then pushing them together. He was making my cheeks clap together.
I said, "Take some lotion and work your finger into my dirty hole." Sid had told me that we might enjoy this play.
Randy squirted lotion in my ass crack then rubbed around my tight hole. He slipped his index finger into my hole. I was so relaxed from the massive orgasm I was having it slipped past my sphincter with little resistance.
I bucked my hips so his nice eight-inch dick worked up and down on my G-spot and his finger working in and out of my anus.
I said, "You are such a nasty boy, sticking your finger in Miss Cherry butt. Put another finger in."
Randy added his middle finger to his index finger. Again, it went in easily. Randy said, "Miss Cherry I am so naughty. I am fucking your butt hole with my fingers while I pound your wonderful pussy. Oh, gawd, it feels so good."
I said, "My sweet boy, you are making Miss Cherry feel so aaaaahhhhhhhhhmmmm..."
Randy said, "I am ready to cum. May I cum in you Miss Cherry."
"Oh yeah, let your Miss have all you can give her. Oh, my gracious that feels so good. I love this."
He took his fingers out of my ass and grabbed a handful of each ass cheek and pushed his dick into as far as it would go. I felt a rush of fluids deep inside me.
Randy kissed my neck as he bent over and let his penis slowly escape from my satisfied pussy. I then turned over and he laid on me for a long time with neither of us saying anything.
I finally said, "What time is it?"
Randy looked at his watch and said, "After seven."
I said, "We have to be ready early tomorrow morning for a hard week. We probably should call it a weekend."
Randy said, "Yeah, I know."
I said, "Randy, that has been such a good weekend. But we need to concentrate on mid-terms next week. Let's plan to meet with Mom next Friday. Until then let's study."
Randy said, "I would like to take you to dinner Thursday night. The test Thursday is really the last big one. Let's celebrate and talk about things before I meet your Mother."
"Sounds like a good plan. I will give you a reward for studying hard and acing all your tests. Really, I am rewarding myself."
"What an incentive. I can't wait until Thursday."
Randy kissed me while still laying on top of me. Both still nude. He finally got up and put on his Speedos. We kissed a final time and said good night. I didn't bother with the bikini and went back into the guest house, cleaned up, had a sandwich for dinner and got ready for the coming week of tests.