"What do you want to do tonight?"
"I dunno. What do you want to do?"
"I don't know, we don't have any kids tonight, we can do whatever we want really."
"Okay, so what do you want to do?"
Johnny did this to her all the time. He always left things up to her, he said it was because she was the picky one. This bantering went back and for until Jenni finally made a few suggestions that caught his interest.
"We could go to the park and walk around or go to Wolf Hound and grab a beer?"
"We could do that, or, you could go put on a skirt and we go to the park..."
Jenni knew exactly where he was going with this and ran upstairs. When she came back down he had a very specific question for her.
"Do you want to be completely by ourselves or do you want to be somewhere were people might see us?"
"Um... by ourselves."
Johnny grabbed a blanket and the two of them went to the car and folded down the back seats and spread out the blanket. Jenni got in the car and gave him a little grin.
"Where are we going?"
"Around the side of the White Tanks to the middle of nowhere."
"That sounds like it could be fun."
Jenni started the car and off they went. It was dark out and there was a lightning storm off in the close distance. As they drove further out in the desert the sky became a little clearer above them and she could see the stars, but the storm still raged in the distance, making for an interesting hot summer night. With a little searching they found the secluded road that they were looking for and pulled off the main highway.
They giggled as they turned off the car and climbed into the back. Johnny stripped her of her clothes before taking off his. He climbed over top of her in a sixty-nine and went to town on her pussy. She could hear him licking and sucking her, making sure he got her wet and riled up. She sucked his cock into her mouth and got him hard within no time. They had had sex in the car before, in a couple of parking lots, but nothing like this.
Johnny got up and opened the back passenger door and stood outside the car, motioning for her to come to him.
"What are you doing?"
"Come here."
She crawled over to him and laid down on her side. She took his cock in her mouth once more and sucked him good, making sure she hit all the right spots. When she lifted her head he took her hand and pulled her out of the car, then proceeded to bend her over the seat. She did as he wanted, lifting her leg and placing it on door runner. Johnny shoved his cock into her pussy and started to fuck her hard, forcing her to hold on to anything she could. She moaned and screamed, making him fuck her harder and faster. It was exhilarating for the both of them, being out in the middle of nowhere, but still so close that with just one turn they are caught.
Johnny pulled out of her and took her hand, taking her to the hood of the car.
"Bend over."
"It's hot."
"Can you touch it?"
"Yes."
"Okay, then bend over."
Jenni bent over the hood of the car and spread her legs for him. He felt so good inside of her, the warm summer breeze would pick up every now and then and kiss the beads of sweat that where building up all over her body. She could smell the rain in the air and see the storm in the distance. Every now and then lightning would strike through the clouds and then a crack of thunder would follow. There was something about these monsoon storms that drove her wild. She would crave sex and her pussy would soak her panties.
"Turn around."
Johnny had pulled out of her and turned her around, backing her up against the car and lifting her onto the hood.
"I'm slipping love."
"It's okay I have you, you're not going to fall."
He pulled her down the hood into him so that she was practically hanging off of it. As soon as she was comfortable and relaxed she enjoyed being up there immensely. He cock penetrated her at just the right angle, making her moan and scream into the night sky. She held on to the side of the hot car and slowly opened her eyes. She gazed up at the vast night sky and stared at the stars, the breeze flowed across her body caressing her skin making her nipples even harder. She could feel her orgasm building and so could he, he fucked her harder until she let out a deep moan and her eyes rolled into the back of her head. When she was done he slid her off the car and bent her over the hood again for another quick fuck.
His legs were starting to shake and so were hers so they grabbed the blanket from the car and laid it down in the middle of the dirt road. Jenni got on her knees and sucked his cock, making sure he was thick and hard for her, leaving him with a wet, thick layer of saliva. She turned around and bent over on her hands and knees, propping her ass up in the air for him to take her again. He positioned herself behind him and started to fuck her again.
"Just imagine that were out here just like this and someone walks up on us. We don't notice him until he is right in front of us. He takes out his cock and places it in my mouth, I start to suck him when a woman comes from the side and straddles my back. She lifts her skirt and she is not wearing anything underneath, she places her pussy in front of your face and you start to eat her..."
Johnny started to fuck Jenni even harder as she was describing this scene for him. It is something that they fantasize about often, and it drives them both crazy. She didn't get any farther than him eating this woman when Johnny thrust into her as hard as he could and filled her with cum. His twitching triggered one last orgasm for her, sending her into a buck frenzy. He stayed in her until she was done before slipping out of her.
Once they were done they stood up, cleaned themselves up and packed up the car, and headed for home. The whole ride home she talked about this and that, just making general small talk. Every so often the conversation would shift back to what they had just done, making them giggle and seductively caress each other.
"Next time I should make you drive home completely naked."
She giggled and said, "Next time you should just tie me up in the back naked and drive me there like that..."
They spent the rest of the night snuggling with each other and loving on each other. It was like they were newlyweds again, happy to be in love, and just content to near the other. For her it is a memory she will never forget, very time she thinks about it she gets wet and hot, and it is a feeling that will forever stay with her.