(CONCLUSION)
Back in Part 1: A very naked Cathy found herself in an out-of-town jail designated as the station's object of lust.
"Great, out of one hole and into another..." Cathy thought to herself as the heavy door of the evidence room slammed on her. She couldn't run or move easily due to the heels they made her wear after an intensive "strip-search", not that she had much to take off, in any case.
The idea of being kept as 'evidence' was degrading enough, the fact she wasn't even recognized as a human being by the officers any more than she was another object to be used in a case. In Cathy's mind, surely, the word 'used' was resounding ever more in her thoughts, as was promised earlier by the male officer who kept calling her 'Godiva' to be made the resident sex toy that night.
She had barely gotten through three inmates before they decided she wasn't doing well enough to satisfy them - the fact that the first guy's cock smelled so rank she gagged when he shoved it into her mouth and the second guy's barely made her feel anything when it went in her pussy and kept falling out of it - that the officers decided she needed to be reminded of her job as a whore, regardless of her feelings in the matter. The semen barely had time to roll off of her oiled skin when they hoisted her out of the cell.
Her lack of being able to sufficiently pleasure the inmates so far displayed a severe lack of professionalism. That warranted a punishment in their eyes, and nothing like the ol' favourite solitary confinement could fix any attitude issues.
It had probably been about several hours since Cathy had found herself in this situation, from the time she got picked up by the patrol car along that cold road ass-naked and covered in oil, to being locked up in the evidence room. To be fair, it was all the same to her - being so delirious at this point from a mixture of humiliation and overloaded arousal - that she could barely measure time.
She could barely do anything to help herself get off as well; they'd kept the handcuffs on since they plucked her off the road where she was found. After some pacing about dripping oil and sweat all over the linoleum floor, Cathy managed to find a dark little corner not directly under the cold blasting air of the air-conditioning. Slowly squatting to lie on the dusty ground, Cathy soon dozed off to sleep in a rare moment of much needed solitude in an otherwise intense night.
Her thoughts found her quickly before her eyelids could close, though, as she pondered the gravity of her predicament; how long were they going to keep her there? Do they have any intention of letting her go after doing what they say?
The anxiety was eating away at her energy levels more than anything and Cathy was too dazed for too long to even stay awake. Soon, she drifted off to sleep.
*KNOCK KNOCK* was all she heard as Cathy was rudely jolted awake from her nap. As she strained her eyes open she was greeted by a familiar silhouette standing at the room window looking in - it was the same male officer again, knocking on the glass.
Cathy struggled to get herself back up standing due to her handcuffs, compounded with being covered in that slippery oil, and could only work her way up to a sitting position as the heavy door unlocked itself and groaned open. In came the officer who swiftly made his way over to Cathy, sitting pathetically in that corner like a stray animal as he stood over her, arms akimbo.
"Had a nice sleep, Godiva?" he asked sarcastically, as usual. Honestly Cathy was sick of him calling her that at this point, but she knew if she protested she'd be looking at a way longer stay. Without another word, he grabbed her by her cuffed wrists, pulling her up slowly. "Get up now... People are waiting on you, dicks to suck, cocks to fuck," he added. With his support, Cathy eventually managed to pull herself up into an awkward standing position and followed his lead out that cold evidence room.
"Back in business, boys!" yelled officer douchebag and he paraded around the slut on offer through the cell corridors, the inmates howling with lecherous delight reduced to madness like rambunctious chimpanzees. Some of them even were jerking themselves off on the spot, unable to contain their lust anymore as their nude prize hobbled along pathetically before them completely vulnerable and up for the taking.
"These guys are really out of control, so FIRST!" he yelled as he opened the lock hurriedly while the inmates within practically jumped about in anticipation, all the while with Cathy whimpering, begging him not to sacrifice her to the den of wolves as she looked about frantically for a non-existent saviour.
Ignoring her pleas, her callous captor held her up by the cuffs and kicked her on the ass into the cell as the arms of the three men grabbed their prize and found their way on every inch of her succulent oiled skin. In short order, they were rubbing her in every indecent crevice and all she could do was pray as they violated every last shred of sanctity she had with their fingers, lips and throbbing dicks.
Preparing for the worst, Cathy closed her eyes and hoped for them to be merciful. There must have been only about three men, but with them rudely gliding their hands about her body pinching, grabbing, inserting all at once it may as well have been a hundred. It wasn't long before one of the many violating fingers found their way into her asshole and another three or four other fingers - she couldn't tell - made their way into her drenched pussy promptly masturbating her into total submission.
She must have had several squirting orgasms by the time they were done with fingering her when two of the men lifted her up to the wall by each leg; the middle man inserting his dick roughly into her tender vagina, pumping it so fiercely one could swear he was trying to inflate her or something. At this point poor Cathy was lost in a mix of pleasure and utter degradation as each man took their turns - one guy helped himself to her four times - until each had properly spent their loads and their used cumdump was left on the bench.
By the time all was said and done, the cell floor was stained with a mixture of semen, oil and Cathy's juices from squirting everywhere that it was honestly a surprise no one had slipped and gotten injured. Not too long after, the male officer who'd been watching the entire time opened the cell door and extracted a very dazed and violated Cathy off the steel bench while the three inmates lay on the floor like lions after a meal.
"Now that's what I'm talking about, that's a Whore!" he praised as he dragged her to the next cell. "Look sharp - you got 4 more to go!" he said as he unlocked the next cell and shoved her inside. Cathy could barely raise her head in protest before she was grabbed by another bunch of fresh, new hands and the process started all over again...
After what seemed like an eternity, Cathy by the end of it was just slumped on the floor covered in a mix of oil and the semen of 4 horny men having been properly exhausted from their reservoirs of lust. As the cell door opened, all she could manage was to crook her neck up to see the officer grabbing her by the arm and straightening the poor girl up to her feet, who by now was a real mess. Cum was in her hair and on her lips; she was even choking on it. Her pussy dripped with white from multiple creampies; her skin was stained with semen, grime and dirt where the oil had rubbed off.
"Bitch needs a shower, fellas!" said the officer. "Let's get you nice and clean before sending you home," he continued as he pulled her carefully by the arm, avoiding the cumstains on her back.
Cathy raised her head, awakened from her stupor when she heard the word 'home'. "You're sending me home?" she croaked, her voice betraying a glimmer of hope. But he didn't answer her as he dragged her to the main door she was brought in.
The buzzer sounded as the lock was released, which in a moment of clarity Cathy found to be a bit archaic but didn't question too much since it was out-of-state. All she could think about now was the prospect of being released from her situation as the door opened directly to the night air that shrouded her bare skin those few hours ago in a familiar - and welcomed - embrace, nevermind the fact her lewd nakedness was no outfit to be seen in.
Despair dawned on her again soon, though, and she wondered why he had brought her outside instead of maybe to another room within the station.
"Where are you taking me?" asked Cathy worryingly. Yet again, he didn't answer her, who was clearly further distressed, and just led her to a pipe on the side of the building where the asphalt was still wet, with the water still trickling from a hose attached to a tap beside it. From her location she could vaguely see through her cum-stained glasses a few cars parked; some of them police vehicles, others were civilian cars. Beyond that was the road that led to the desert where one could make the faint lights of the Sin City itself in the distance.
Cathy knew she was far from anyone to be able to scream for help, though, so she remained silent as her captor unlocked one of her lacerated wrists from the cuffs that held her in bondage for so long. As quickly as he undid them, he pulled it through the pipe and cuffed her again, trapping her. Not that she had the energy or strength to fight her way out of it after that depraved fuck-fest inside, surely.
She was barely able to stand from the mixture of orgasming so many times when the officer hosed her skin rudely with the cold water, as though it were a car wash. "Gotta clean the wares if you're gonna use it" he said as he shoved the hose up between her legs and dug inside her pussy with his fingers, making sure to rinse out all the cum that didn't already leak across the cell floors on her way out; Cathy was only able to let out a tiny whimper as her ravaged her insides roughly as the water ran, flushing her insides of all liquids she'd taken from endless rounds of fucking.
Before long, he had put down the hose and continued with his fingering her pussy to build up the moisture within and as he pulled the zip down on his pants, Cathy knew what was coming her way. No way he would let her off without making her his own at the end of the ordeals she'd been through at that point.
At first, Cathy couldn't believe her eyes and had to do a double take; what seemed like a bumpy and inflamed cock that he whipped out the fly of his khaki trousers was actually one with a special ring already on it, as though it had been there for some time. "He must've slipped it on while I was in the evidence room..." she thought. She didn't have time to ponder on its origin, though, as he hoisted her leg up on his shoulder and shoved his member in her juiced up hole rudely.
His rough hands squeezed Cathy's sizeable breasts as he pumped her seemingly endlessly; the oil on her had long been rinsed off and her bare skin was left to contend with the callousness of his grip. The whole affair -much like the rest of the night- was wholly without any semblance of love or tenderness she might have expected from lovemaking she experienced so long ago. This was fucking, and it did not stop when she wanted; did not proceed as she desired.
After about a half hour or so of rape did he finally release Cathy from her bonds, finishing off on her face, tits and ass -one round for each- the stains of which he obliged himself to hosing off as well. Only when he was certain the poor girl was washed thoroughly did he leave her outside to dry off in the cold desert air, shivering.
Some time had passed as the naked Cathy was abandoned by her captor to freeze, when she'd suddenly heard the distinctive buzz and that large metal door swing open as out stepped the male officer with something in his hand. All she could make out of it was something like a black velvet bag which he soon draped it over her head while uncuffing her from the pipe.
She felt the drawstring tighten about her neck and was soon engulfed in darkness; she was led away, pulled along by her arm across. All she could feel was the asphalt under her feet as she scuttled before being made to halt, and all she could hear was the opening of a car door before a hand pushed her head down and the rest of her being pushed into a vehicle. Her naked skin was greeted by the familiar texture of the leather car seat as the door slammed shut on her.
"Where are you taking me now?" she asked with a sigh of resignation in her voice.
"Home, as promised..." said the officer, as he switched the ignition on and began driving.
Compared to the chaos of the night, Cathy welcomed the silent purring of the engine as the car drove along. Why they felt the need to put a hood on her or how they were going to send her home exactly was beyond her concerns at this point. All she'd wanted was to get back home and find some way to put this life of kink all behind her somehow. She was tired of playing games; getting in proper trouble with the law and being made the toy of corrupt policemen was the last straw.
The drive was very long and she was certain the sun had come up by now. She had all the time in the world to reflect on what had happened up till then.
Her spirit and dignity had been fractured, her faith in the system of law rendered derelict by the events of this night. She wasn't sure she could trust anyone any longer, and wondered what abyss she'd traversed into. Could she even look into the eyes of her family anymore knowing this is the violated, corrupted slut she'd become?
*SCREEEEECH*
Her long thoughts had ground to a halt as the car came to a sudden stop.
"We're at the border, Godiva. You're home now," said the officer as he opened the door and stepped out.
"W-wait, what!? You said you were gonna take me home!" asked Cathy nervously as she heard her side's door open while being hoisted out by the arm. She could feel the cold morning air on her skin and from the sound of it, didn't seem like she was anywhere near an established civilization.
"We can't cross the border, dumbass..." said the officer as she heard the squeak of a bottle opening in his hands. "You're at the border now, so it's all on you to get back home..."
Suddenly, she felt a jet of liquid stream down from her chest, trickling down to her tummy and beyond, onto her pussy and legs. It was baby oil! She was so familiar with its unique feel from the countless times she'd been made to wear it on her romps that she could've bet her oily ass on it.
"Hey, what are you doing to me!? Is this oil you're pouring on me?" she barked as she back-stepped a bit.
"Exhibitionists like you never learn... You're all perverts at heart," he said as he grabbed her by the arm and threw her to the side of the car, pinning her against it as he rubbed the baby oil all over every inch of skin, paying special attention to her breasts and ass. "We're leaving you here as we found you, let your own state deal with your naked ass. Good luck!"
"Hey! You can't just leave me out here!" yelled Cathy when suddenly, he pulled off her hood; the sudden light of the sunrise in the horizon blinded her, cutting her vision like a razor. As she winced, she soon stumbled on her feet and fell on her fat oily ass upon the road.
Before she could get back on her feet -a feat made harder due to still being handcuffed- the officer sped away in the car, abandoning her in her naked and oily state like the night before... In broad daylight.
With nothing but forest around her, Cathy was left panicking again - this time having to contend with being handcuffed and out in the day for all to see in her gleaming naked state.
Facing no other choice, the naked exhibitionist Cathy could only walk forward, uncertain for how long her newfound freedom would last as she walked down the trail...