Naked? Naked! Sadie could not believe that her best friend's boyfriend had just walked right in on her in the shower. Naked! Surely the asshole must have heard the water running in the shower? And without even the shower curtain to shield her modesty. She had been caught in mid-stride: the shower curtain flung back fully, her hand reaching for the towel, but not quite there yet. To make it all worse, she had frozen. Just frozen. Unable to move. Unable to quickly jerk the towel from the rack and cover herself. Oh, no, he had gotten a full show. The fully Monty as the saying went.
She supposed she should be thankful. At least it had not happened a few months ago. Before her diet. Before the gym and her personal trainer. She blushed at the thought of her much larger form being seen by him. By anyone. Her size had been the cross that Sadie had borne all her life. Until five months ago, when her grandmother had died and left her a small inheritance. It was not much really just a few thousand dollars. Not enough to pay for college or buy a house. Not even enough to replace her old car. Not unless she wanted to replace one clunker with another one. Instead Sadie had made a list of things she could do: buy a new laptop, go on a big drunk Spring break or just save it for a rainy day.
Then it had dawned on her. She and her grandmother had never been close. The old bat was always harping n her about her weight. Not even her father's explanation about how her anorexic relative had once been a porker herself could explain the woman's obsession with her size. No, to her, this money was tainted. Blood money. A reminder of every family dinner. "Don't you think that is enough, dear? Perhaps more vegetables rather than a dessert? Have you gained a bit more since I last saw you? Have you tried this diet? That diet." Her grandmother never stopped. Until Sadie started to make excuses, find some way of avoiding her when she came to visit. She had not even managed to shed a single tear when the woman finally succumbed to cancer.
No, Sadie knew exactly what to do with the old bat's money. So she had joined a diet club, the gym and hired a personal trainer. She had lost forty-five pounds and gone from an average size sixteen down to thinnish size ten. She begrudgingly had to admit that she had never felt better. She could carry her heavy back pack across campus more easily. She could walk up steep hills without huffing and puffing. She could even run...if she had to.
And that did not even begin to account for the best benefit of all: the looks that she was beginning to get from guys. Guys that would have never given her the time of day before were now turning their heads to get second looks. That had given her new self-confidence, boasted her self-esteem and just plain old made her happy. Still she had not gotten up the nerve to have sex with anyone. The idea of revealing her body, even the newer, thinner version, was more than Sadie was ready for just yet.
But now it had happened. A guy had seen her. Naked! Sadie was curious. Wanted to know what he thought. She still had curves; her hips were too wide to be truly fashionable. Her thighs still kissed just a bit. And her boobs were most definitely too big for many of the current styles. But she did have a thinner waistline and even her round bottom and legs were now firmer, less pitted with cellulite. Overall she was damned proud of the progress. But was it enough? To appeal to guys?
Sadie wanted to ask, wanted to march right downstairs where she was sure that the jerk was making breakfast in the kitchen with her friend. Bacon, eggs, maybe even sausages. All the things that she had forsaken in favor of low fat yogurt and granola. Was it worth it? Maybe she did not have the nerve to come right out and ask but there was another way to find out.
She reached into the back of her closet for the dream dress that she had bought as motivation all those months ago. She had not had the nerve to wear it. Yet. It was short. It barely reached mid-thigh. And cut tight across the bodice. It would hug every curve that she did have. And the décolletage was low, way lower than was respectable. She selected a pair of silk panties and matching pushup bra from the drawer.
She stared open mouth into the mirror. The girl that looked back at her was pretty. Actually pretty. And Sadie felt her self-confidence raise just a bit. But the panties had to go, she thought as she noticed the clear lines in the mirror. She reached beneath the dress and slipped them off, tossing them on to the pile of dirty laundry in the corner. She stared at her reflection once more. "Now or never, girl," she said as she turned and left the room.
She paused outside the kitchen and listened to her friend and boyfriend. They were laughing and joking, but Sadie had come in too late to know about what. For a moment a lifetime of insecurities and fat girl jokes ate at the back of her mind, nibbling away at this new her. She dropped her head and thought that perhaps if she were quiet, she could sneak through the kitchen and off to class without them hearing.
Or maybe she should go back to her room and change into something else. Old jeans and a baggy sweatshirt like she used to wear, maybe? Then she looked at her cell phone and realized that she did not have time. She was sure that she could make it through one class of embarrassment, after all she had endured years of her grandmother's taunts, bullies at school and being the fat chick.
"Hey, Sadie, do you want..." her roommate stopped in mid-sentence. A spatula with a fat succulent pancake hung limply from her hand. "Wow, Sadie! You look amazing."
She noticed that her friend's boyfriend turned a deep red and tried to look away, but he kept peeking under his lowered lids. Was he remembering that he had seen her wearing a lot less? Had he told her roommate? Something told her that he had not.
"Thanks," she mumbled as she too blushed remembering all that this man had seen. As curious as she had been, she was also embarrassed. Especially embarrassed. She wanted to run from the the room. Instead she forced a smile at her friend, ignoring the guy, "I have to get to class. I am late." Then she did run from the apartment or as close to running as the low heels that went with the dress would allow.
As she crossed the busy campus, Sadie noted that the looks she had begun to receive were doubled, tripled even. She held her head a bit higher and some of that new confidence that had fled when she heard the laughter coming from the kitchen began to re-emerge. But it soared to the heavens when one of the football players that had ignored her the whole semester walked over and asked if the seat next to her was taken. She shyly shook her head no and they were soon engaged in almost normal conversation. Sadie was surprised at how intelligent and almost sweet the guy was.
Until she noticed that he was staring open mouthed at her as she talked. She frowned and stopped in mid-sentence, "Is something wrong? Did I say something?" she asked shyly.
The guy blushed and shook his head, "No, no. It was nothing. Nothing really," he stammered as the professor came in and the classroom quieted down.
Sadie noticed that he kept sneaking looks her way when he thought she was not looking though. Even the professor seemed distracted, spending more time on her side of the room. Looking in her direction more than once. The whole thing was a bit puzzling. She was beginning to realize that she was more attractive than she had thought, but still that did not account for this level of interest.
When she tried to stand, she blushed as she felt the stickiness of her bare bottom on the plastic seat. Oh my god, her dress had ridden up. She tugged it down quickly as she blushed, looking around. What must they have seen? How many others saw too? She wanted to die of embarrassment then.
Until she saw the clear looks of appreciation upon a dozen or more male faces in the room. A sense of feminine power surged to life. And Sadie liked it. She liked men looking at her. In her next class, she made certain to adjust the dress as she sat down. It did not reveal as much as she had during the last one, but it sure hinted at it. She spent as much time watching her fellow students as she did listening to the lecture. And her self-esteem grew a bit more with each appreciative glance.
By the end of that day, Sadie practically bounced across campus. She had made some decisions. It was definitely time for a new wardrobe. A new look. And part of that would be short skirts and thong underwear. Although not too many of them, why waste the money when she planned on repeating today's little experiment. Often.