PRIVATE SCHOOL
by Musings of Pan
Author's note: I checked and found that both schools were very careful to make sure that all participants in this class were over 18.
CHAPTER I AN IDEA
When I graduated from college I was looking for a teaching job (actually I thought of it as a "position") in secondary education. I have wanted to be a teacher for as long as I can remember even though some would think of it as a women's profession. I feel strongly that there are few more important pursuits than giving the coming generation the best preparation possible. How can one have a greater impact on the future of our country?
At the time I graduated many urban schools were being closed so the competition for teaching positions was crowded with much more experienced teachers. Luckily my uncle Charles knew people at Baxter School for Boys out in Wellington and through that connection I was able to get the job teaching science, physical education and coaching in-season sports. I was not thrilled with being stuck in the small town of Wellington almost two hours from a city of any size, but the school was good and I enjoyed the work. Truth be told, that first year I was so busy getting set up and making lesson plans for every class that I did not have time to miss the night life of a city.
This was my second year at Baxter. I still had a lot of preparation to do but it was much easier. Baxter is a small school with only about 100 boys aged 14 to 19, all of whom live at the school. I enjoyed working with the boys however now that I had more free time I found life in Wellington to be dull. The teaching staff at the school was all men and I thought I may as well have joined a monastery.
One relief from this lack of social life was our relationship with Jane Ellis school which is a girls school in Fairview, about ten miles away. We would meet with the all female staff of Jane Ellis to plan a fall dance, spring picnic, and occasional other events such as a speaker or entertainment from out of town. These events were to help the boys and girls learn how to interact and behave with one another. I truly believe that the staff planning meetings were also to keep the unmarried teachers from going nuts.
So it was that one evening in February I was at the spring dance planning committee with faculty of Baxter and Jane Ellis. During the break while awkwardly balancing a cup of coffee and plate of cake, I found myself in casual conversation with a very pretty woman with brown hair, and an athletic looking figure. Her name was Mary Wilkenson and she informed me that she was the social studies teacher. We were comparing our class room experiences when she commented that sex education is the hardest subject to teach. I was also assigned to teach sex Ed so we had a lively talk about the trials of keeping students attention with a dry text and line diagrams.
Two days later I was going over my lesson plan for the up coming sex Ed session when I had a far out idea. I called Mary, told her I had an idea that may solve the sex Ed problem for both of us, and asked if we could meet and discuss it. She was anxious to find some way to improve her sex Ed class so we agreed to meet the next afternoon after classes in her office.
The main building at Jane Ellis is old but clean and well maintained. I stopped in the large entry hall and asked the receptionist where I could find Miss Wilkenson's office. Soon I was up a large flight of marble stairs to the second floor, down a narrow hall and into a medium size room that held four desks with metal chairs which were all occupied, filing cabinets, and the miscellaneous clutter that identified this as an active work space. This office arrangement was very similar to mine. Mary looked up, smiled and said, "I am glad to see you again. Let's go where we can talk."
With that she stood and led the way down the hall to a conference room that was not being used and was certainly more private than her four person office. I was fascinated by her sparkling smile as we exchanged the usual small talk. She was so pretty that I forgot why I came until she said, "Now what is this idea you wanted to discuss?"
I froze. Now was the time I had to share this idea and either be called a pervert and get thrown out or be working with this beautiful woman. How would she take this? I might as well plunge in and see what happens. After all, the worst that could happen was that I would be thrown out, loose this wonderful girl that I don't have yet, and perhaps loose my job. Better not think about this too long.
I stammered, "At the planning meeting we agreed that teaching sex Ed solely from texts and diagrams is a bore for both the students and teacher, and not very effective to prepare students for real world situations. What if we conducted one class with both boys and girls doing a hands on lab. Not sex penetration you understand, but body familiarization." I was sweating while I waited for her reaction.
Mary looked thoughtful for what seemed like an eternity and then smiled and said, "You mean show them the real thing?" I nodded. She went on, "If this is carefully planned and controlled, I think it would be great!" I let out a sigh of relief.
Then we determined that both schools had all parents sign an agreement giving the school authority to conduct physical control of the students. While this was done for the purposes of discipline and medical emergencies, it would also cover what we had in mind. We went on to agree that this should be done in a neutral place, not on either school campus, that only students over 18 years of age would participate, and that the next step would be for each of us to discuss this with our deans. Our objective was to provide our students with much better knowledge of the opposite sex than they could get from lectures or fumbling in the back of a dark car. Naked exploration and touching but no sex penetration was our plan.
CHAPTER II THE PLAN
It took several discussions with my Dean of Students to calm anxieties. School administrators do not welcome new ideas. Especially ideas as radical as this one. Finally, after multiple promises to keep the class under tight control and to limit the people who knew about this, I got the green light subject to review of a written lesson plan.
I called Mary to let her know the good news and asked how her approval was coming. She said her dean, Ms Morgan, wanted to meet with me and my dean. Two days later we had our meeting at Baxter and apparently satisfied any worries because we got approval to write a detailed lesson plan. Mary and I decided to meet after classes the next day in her rooms.
It was time to get down to serious planning. Where to hold this class, how many students, and exactly what we would do.
As to where, I suggested a hunting cabin a few miles away that belongs to one of the teachers at Baxter. I was relatively sure we would be allowed to use it for the class. Mary thought that ten girls and ten boys would be manageable.
Now to how the class would be conducted. I suggested we randomly pair the boys and girls and then have them strip naked. Mary said that the girls would be much more comfortable taking off their clothes if she and I got naked first. I had not thought of us being naked but it made sense. We agreed that the best procedure would be to have the pairs of students face each other and then I would talk the girls through a detailed exploration of the boys. After that Mary would guide the boys in a detailed exploration of the girls. We would each write up our part of the lesson plan.
The next day I got permission to use the cabin, directions to it, and the key. I called Mary and made arrangements for us to go out to the cabin to check it out. We decided it would be best if we did a run through of the class to be sure this would work.
I was nervous when I picked Mary up to go to the cabin. She looked beautiful even though her white shirt and grey skirt were conservative enough for a school teacher. Her shoulder length blond hair shown in the sun and her breasts filled the shirt very nicely. I was far from sure I could keep my mind on teaching.
The cabin was isolated in the woods down a winding dirt road. Inside it had a large central room that would hold the class of twenty nicely and it was rustic but surprisingly clean. We moved the furniture to the walls and found a low table that we could use as a platform for teaching. Then it was time for a run through.
I opened the door as if letting students in, directing boys to one side of the room and girls to the other. Mary and I then led our imaginary lines of students together directing them to take the hand of their partner and introduce themselves. Then Mary and I stood side by side on the small table.
She and I smiled at each other nervously. Then I announced to our imaginary students that this class is a hands on workshop about human sexuality and therefore would be conducted in the nude. I looked over and found that while I was speaking Mary was unbuttoning her shirt. I followed with my shirt while watching her unhook and drop her bra. I stopped, speechless, looking at her magnificent breasts. She giggled and said she was flattered but in class we must be more professional. I busied myself removing my trousers while watching her pull off her skirt and panties. We stood for a moment nude before our imaginary class. Then Mary announced that everyone must remove all clothing. She was very firm with the girls.
I faced her with my stiff member sticking out and said for this run through the one not speaking should be doing the actions directed so see how it works. She nodded so I started describing physical differences in the male body and directed the girls to run their hands over the boys chests and stroke their nipples. Mary's touch felt wonderful. We went down to the narrower hips and strong legs. Then I directed her to grasp and feel the hard penis. I asked her to stroke it and said we better bring plenty of Kleenex because most of the boys will be ejaculating by now. She smiled and asked if I was near. As her hands moved up and down my cock I felt the tension rising. It had been a long time since I had been with a woman and it took all my self control not to grab her. I had her lift my penis and explore my scrotum with her eyes and hand. Then she applied a gentile stroke to the under side of my cock paying special attention to the area just below the head. That was all the ministrations of this beautiful naked woman I could take. I came with thick gobs spurting all over her face and the table. "I see what you mean about needing plenty of Kleenex. I am sure the girls will want to see that."
We took a few minutes to clean up and calm down. Then we switched roles. Standing face to face she started directing my explorations with a soft sexy voice telling me to start caressing her ears, her face, and down to her neck. I tried to keep my hands from trembling as they moved from her shoulders to her collar bones. Gradually down to the tops of her breasts. She told me to move my hands around the outside of her breasts avoiding the aerials feeling how they are both soft and firm. After what seemed like a long time to me she directed me on to her nipples which were very hard by that time. I played with her nipples with my fingers, gently twisted and pulled them while her breath was getting faster and harder. "Some of the girls may cum from this." She gasped.
Following Mary's instructions my hands stroked down her belly then to her sides down her hips and thighs. Then she stood with legs apart while my fingers rose up the inside of her thighs. She let out a gasp as I touched and stroked her pussy lips. Then she said, "Now it is necessary for the girls to change position so the boys can see what they are doing. All girls lie on your backs, bend your knees, and spread your feet apart." With that she lay on the table in that position. As instructed I opened her pussy lips with one hand and identified her clit, urethra, and vagina. It was very wet and slippery. Then she asked me to circle my finger around her clit with one hand while teasing the entrance to her vagina with the other. This no penetration rule was difficult to keep to. However it was not long before she moaned and shook with her orgasm. "I think the boys should see how to make a girl cum." she said. I definitely agreed.
I stood with my again hard cock sticking out and announced that the girls would now practice putting a condom on their partners. Mary took the condom and as I instructed, unwrapped it and rolled it on my cock. I looked at her and said, "It seems a shame to waste a good rubber." She smiled and bent over on her hands and knees. Her vagina was warm, wet, and snug as I slid in from behind. I started slowly and built up speed until we both came at the same time.
CHAPTER III THE CLASS
The next week was the class. Mary and I kept in close communication as we selected the students who were all over 18 and had them all sign a statement that they understood that this would be a explicit hands on workshop and that they agreed not to discuss what happened in the workshop with anyone who was not there. The document also included the rules that they agreed to fully participate and that there would be no student sexual penetration including oral, anal, and vaginal. The rest of the students were told that we were going on an experimental science field trip which may or may not be repeated depending on how successful it was.
Wednesday was the day. I got my boys loaded on the school's bus just after lunch and we started out. As I drove I started sweating. Was this really going to work? It as too late to back out so we kept on going. We got to the cabin first so I unlocked it and ushered the boys inside. It was not long before we heard the Jane Ellis bus pull up. There were shouts of surprise when the door opened and the girls came in. Neither the boys nor the girls knew that the other sex would be there.
"Welcome," I said, "Gentlemen please line up on this side of the room and ladies on the other side." I led the line of boys while Mary led the line of girls to meet in the middle where we paired them off with joined hands. The pairs scattered all around the room.
"As you were informed, this is a detailed, hands on workshop on sex to prepare you for situations that you will confront in your lives. I know you have all had sex education classes with diagrams and text explanations and those basics are important, they do not go far enough. Therefore this workshop will be conducted in the nude." Then Mary and I took off our clothes to gasps and exclamations from the students. Once naked Mary instructed all students to remove their clothes. Some started pulling off clothes slowly and some just stood and stared. Mary and I walked through the students firmly instructing individuals to remove clothes. It took some time but finally everyone was naked. They stood looking nervous, many staring at the floor. I was surprised to see that some of the boys were more reluctant than the girls.
The room was quiet. Many of the girls had never seen a penis and many boys had never seen a naked girl. Mary told them, "It is alright to look. That is the purpose of this class." They all stared, just taking in the experience. Someone said quietly, "Wow!"
What a sight! I thought I was in heaven looking at all those pretty naked girls. My erection was unavoidable. As I was drooling, Mary leaned over and whispered, "You are obviously enjoying this." I whispered back, "Aren't you?" She smiled and nodded.
I started by asking how many had been in this situation before. The class laughed which helped break up the tension. Then I asked them to face and look at their partner. Many giggles were heard. Then I told them all to look around and see how much difference there is in bodies of the same sex. Different body shapes, breast and penis sizes, and many other characteristics that are all normal.
I started instructing the girls on examining their male partners while Mary walked around the room making sure everyone was following directions. Some of the girls were reluctant to touch a naked boy and some boys even pulled back. We finally got everyone settled down, doing as told and seeming to enjoy it.
When we got to the groin area it was obvious that many of the girls had never seen a live penis before and even fewer had touched one. They reached out carefully and put their hands on their partner's penis. One of the girls raised her hand and asked, "Miss Wilkerson, can I get pregnant if I touch his thing?"
Mary replied, "No Jane, it has to be inside your vagina when he ejaculates to make you pregnant."
Very soon after the girls grasped the penises one boy let out a loud "AAAH" and splattered his cum on the girl and the floor. He stood looking embarrassed. I stated there is no need to be embarrassed because it is a natural reaction and I hoped that all the boys would cum so that the girls could see this. Mary helped clean up with Kleenex.
The girls got more enthusiastic in their ministrations when I instructed them to stroke and fondle their partner until he came. Mary helped some of the girls with their technique. I was watching one cute blond girl who was obviously enjoying this. She was breathing hard as she bent down to see his penis closely while fondling and stroking it. One after another each boy had his orgasm and a lot Kleenex was used in cleaning up.
Now it was Mary's turn to instruct and my turn to walk among the pairs making sure that nothing got out of hand. (Pun intended.) She started the boys stroking the girls ears and necks. Then down along the collar bones. When they reached the top of the breasts Mary had them avoid the aerials and use soft and slow then faster and more pressure. Every girl I saw was breathing hard, some with their eyes closed. Finally she had the boys cup the breasts with their hands and then play with the by now very hard nipples. There were gasps and moans from the girls and I noticed moisture running down the inside of some legs.
Mary gradually had the boys work lower. When they got just above the mons she guided them to move outward then over the girls hips and down their legs to the knees. Then to the inside of the legs and start gradually stroking upward. She had the girls move their feet apart and explained to the boys that the moisture they encountered was a good thing. I had to slow down two of the boys who were getting too excited.
When they reached the girl's splits, Mary had them open their fingers and stroke the outside of the outer lips. All the girls were having a hard time holding still. Even the ones who were shy at first were now definitely into it. Mary had the boys move their finger to the center of the slits between the folds and stroke up. At the top she had them find the little hard clits and circle them with a finger. Then, reminding them of the no penetration rule, she had the boys move their fingers down and circle the vagina entrances. After a little of this she had the boys keep a finger on the vagina entrance and move their thumbs up to massage the clits. I think every girl had an orgasm at once! The room was full of cries and shaking. I think some of the boys came with them.
Once everyone calmed down a bit, Mary told the girls to lie on their backs on the floor with knees bent and legs apart. After just coming, none of the girls hesitated. She had the boys get on the floor between the girls legs and open the lips with their fingers so that they could see the clits, urethra, and vagina. She said they could touch if the girl was OK with it. Every girl was happy to be touched.
I took the lecture table then and had everyone stand up. Mary passed out a wrapped condom to each of the girls. By now all of the boys had erections as did I. So Mary demonstrated putting a condom on me. Then I had all of the girls put a condom on their partner.
I explained that while this class does not allow sexual penetration of students, that rule does not apply to teachers. So Ms. Wilkenson and I would now give a demonstration of sexual intercourse. I lay on my back on the table while the students gathered around. Then Mary straddled me on her knees and lowered herself onto my hard and still condom covered cock.
One of the girls asked, "How does that feel Ms. Wilkenson?"
"Wonderful", she gasped.
We were both so worked up by watching the students and now having them watch us that it did not take long for us both to cum.
As we were all getting dressed, Mary said, "I think the students got a lot out of this class."
"Very educational," l agreed, "l don't think they will forget what they learned anytime soon."