I told Daddy I only wanted one thing for my birthday. When I turn 19, I want him to show me what it means to be man of the house. I'd seen him and Mommy in their room together and asked him what they were doing. He said that's what the man of the house did. My birthday was tomorrow so I wanted to know so when I had my own house, I could be the man like him. I heard the click of their door shutting and knew what that meant. They only closed the door when Daddy was being the man of the house so I walked over and as quietly as I could, cracked open the door. Daddy was standing behind Mommy holding her back against his chest. His hand was curled tightly around her neck, and he let out a low growl. I felt something in me stir at the sight, and covered my mouth to keep quiet.
"Dan-" Mommy murmured, but he shoved her down on the bed bent at the hips. Her ass jiggled from the landing, which made Daddy grunt and smack it. He watched it move for a moment before landing another, the loud crack of impact made me whimper. He'd never spanked me, but for some reason in that moment I was desperate for the sensation.
"Show me that ass, slut." Daddy's voice was a low growl, as he grabbed Mommy's waist and yanked it up before slapping her again. She started to moan with each hit, and when he finally subsided, I wondered if that was it. Was this being the man of the house? I closed the door and snuck back to my room.
I laid in bed and let my hand explore my body, wondering why I had all these new feelings. I didn't know how long it had been, but I heard my bedroom door open.
"Gregory." My father's voice came through the dark, seeming to cut me out of the dark. As if he knew I was there.
"D-Daddy." I sound meek, small.
"Come here." He sounds serious but not angry. He turns the light on, and I see him fully, he is naked, and glistening. I slink over to him feeling embarrassed. "Get on your knees." He says. I obey, I have no reason not to. I am face to face with his cock, it smells unique and is dripping on the floor. "Put it in your mouth." He says.
"Da-" Before I can finish, he shoves his cock into my mouth. I gag around it, but he holds me in place, with just the head in. I look up at him, my eyes watering. He lets go and I fall back panting. Before I can wipe the ooze off my face, he grabs the back of my head again.
"Lick it clean." He orders. I try looking up at him, but he pushes my face against his cock, smearing goop onto me. "I won't repeat myself." I understood, and began licking his cock, it tasted salty but not bad, and when I was satisfied that I had completed my task I looked up at him.
"And the balls." He said. I nodded and licked his balls; they were hairy, and I had to keep stopping to pull hair out of my mouth. Overall, less fun than the shaft. When I looked back up at him, he grunted, apparently a noise of approval. "You look like a slut with cum all over your face like that, go shower." I didn't know what he meant, but I obeyed. I went and turned on the shower while I got undressed. I did have something smeared on my face, I guess that was cum, I scooped some off and put it in my mouth.
"Fuck." Daddy grunted from the doorway.
"Sorry-" Before I could finish, Daddy grabbed my hips and pushed me against the sink counter. He pushed my shoulders down so I was leaning over the sink. "Dadd-yyyyyy..." I was cut off when I felt his finger in my ass. He didn't go slow, just started pushing it in before pulling out to push back in. He turned his finger and I let out a long moan.
"What a little slut." He grunted, pulling his finger out but only to add a second. He picked up speed, his hand pumping my ass while his other held my back against the sink. I dipped a hand gingerly to my cock; it was hard, and the tip leaked a bit. I danced my fingers against it, before gripping it tight. I moaned desperately at the sensation and began pumping my cock to the speed of my dad's fingering of my asshole. The noise I made when I exploded was a desperate shout, and my dad clapped his hand over my mouth to stifle it. When he finally let go, he looked at me, his cum smeared on my face, my own dripping down my stomach. He didn't say anything, just looked at me for a moment and then left. I got in the shower awash in the after throws of an ecstasy I had never known.
--
I thought I would wake up with a birthday glow, or feel older, maybe more like a man, but when I woke it was to my door clicking shut. My Daddy stood there, fully naked. Broad, muscled, a firm expression, and an erect cock. I slid out of bed and dropped to my knees before him, putting his cock in my mouth. This is what he asked for yesterday, so I assumed it was what was happening today as well.
"Fuck." He grunted, appreciating my greeting, and pushing my head down farther on him. His cock was wide and long, it made me feel small, my cock was dainty in comparison. I bobbed my head on his cock, his hand guiding me, but he abruptly pulled me off. "You want to know what it means to be man of the house? I'll show you." He growled, a shiver ran up my spine. "Stand up." I stood and he turned me to face away from him, walking me towards my bed. His hand moved around my body to my chest, pulling me back against him. He lowered his mouth to my neck and began sucking and nibbling the tender flesh making me squirm, but his hand moved up my chest to my neck, grabbing firmly. His other hand snaked around me and pushed my boxers down. He slowly slid them down to my ankles, bending us together over the side of the bed as he did. The sensation of his cock sliding against my thigh, leaving a trail of precum was exhilarating.
"Daddy-" I sound weak, small, he sucks my neck harder, and I whimper. "Please." At this pea he lifts himself off my neck, a trail of spit running down the side and he growls against my ear.
"Please what?" I shiver at the sensation, and he grins.
"Please show me how to be man of the house." I murmur weakly, pushing my ass up against him. He moved his hands to my shoulders, and pushes my chest down on the bed, slowly dragging his way down to my hips. He adjusts my ass so it's just perfect, and spreads my legs. He moves his hands, one guiding his cock to my asshole, and the other on my left hip. I hear him spit and then the tip presses in. I moan and his hand moved to shove my head against the mattress.
"Quiet." He growls. I whimper and he moves to pepper my ass with hits, raining down smacks against my virgin cheeks. I cry out which only makes him spank me harder. The pain from the spanking distracts me from him pushing his cock into me and when he stops, I realize he's fully sheathed in my ass. He stays there a moment, hands on my hips holding me in place. I'm panting and trying not to cry, but desperate for more. Slowly he pulls out an inch before snapping back in. I shove my head down to muffle my scream of pleasure. He keeps doing this, slow out, ram back in. I feel him lead down over me, which pushes his cock deeper in, making me moan. I wonder why he's moving this way until I feel his hand curling around my cock. He begins pumping his massive paw on my member in time with his thrusts into me. It's overwhelming, and as I near cumming he clamps his hand around the base. I whimper, being denied release, and struggle against him. My struggles only succeed in me pushing myself farther back onto his cock, making me moan and slump forward into his hand.
"Fuck your little moans are so hot, what a little slut. I want to cover you in cum." Daddy grunted as he resumed yanking on my cock.
"Please Daddy." I panted, desperate for his cum, and my own.
"What?" He clamped down on my cock again and I wined and struggled, again only impaling myself further on him.
"Please cum in me and all over me, I want your cum Daddy. I want you to make me cum." I was panting, and drooling, and he grinned.
"I'm the man of the house, I decide who cums when." He growled, biting my neck. I whimper as he resumes fucking my ass, but keeping his hand clamped on my cock. I was too dissolved into desperation to understand, his hands moved to my hips as he roughly clapped our bodies together, I felt him swelling inside me. My hands dove to my cock, I only needed to pump it twice before I came, and as I did, he exploded in my ass. He held me tightly against him as he sent rope after rope into me. I felt heavy, and sore, and exhausted, but was still spurting inside me. When he finally finished, he let go and I slumped down. I felt cum leaking down my thigh, but Daddy wasn't done with me. He pulled my head up and had me lick his cock, all his cum was for me. I licked his cock clean, and sucked his balls before looking up at him, my mind was hazy.
"Thank you, Daddy." I murmured.
"Being man of the house means I fuck who I want when I want, so get used to it slut." He said.
"I like you being man of the house then." I smiled. He chuckled softly.
"Damn you're such a little whore, save some for your mother." He ruffled my hair and left.