I'd been thinking about entering a wet T-shirt contest for a while, and obviously I can get Dave involved. The strip club nearby has one regularly - I know this because I drive past there on the way to and from work. I called Dan and asked for help, and he said he'd come over and talk about it.
He suggested we go and watch one, but I was pretty sure we could figure it out. Get T-shirt wet, take it off and show everybody my tits, right? I was also starting to get excited by the possibilities, and wanted to just go ahead and do this before I lost my nerve.
Dan said it was more than just showing my tits, there was more stripping involved. We went to my bedroom and opened my lingerie drawer and he suggested I strip off.
We selected my tiny white thong as my final thing to be wearing. I put that on, but I was now needing to shave. Dan suggested I just shave everything over the top of the thong so that people could see my red pubic hair rather than my slit, as that's pretty sexy.
I went to the bathroom and shaved the top of my landing strip to just below the top of her thong, then went back to the bedroom. Dan checked my work.
Over her thong went a pair of white boy shorts that I could take off. I put on some black yoga pants and Dan suggested a skirt, but was overruled. I was intending to start in just my boy shorts.
I put on a white push-up bra that makes my tits look enormous. Over that, of course, a plain white T-shirt.
Dan suggested I should practice sexy dancing, and stripping off the shirt, but I was good to go. I suggested we just get in the car and go.
We arrived at the strip club, and didn't have to pay the cover as I was going to be dancing. Dan went the bar while I was shuttled backstage to get ready. I met the other girls, and took off my boots and yoga pants. There were five of us, and the club looked maybe half full.
The first girl out was a brunette, and the bar tender poured the water over her chest. She took off her shirt, but not her bra, and danced to the music. I was hoping I could at least beat her.
The second girl out was another brunette, and when they dumped the water on her shirt, she wasn't wearing a bra. She had nice little tits and a slim body. She tore off a velcro'd miniskirt to reveal a black thong underneath, and danced around the stage, sticking her butt out, and playing with her tits. The crowd loved her, and were calling for her to take her thong off. I thought I'd have to work hard to beat her.
I was the third one out. I steeled myself, and told myself that it was just like sunbathing topless on holiday. No big deal. The bar tender poured the water over me, and it was colder than I'd expected. My nipples went hard instantly, and I guess that was the point. I rubbed the water in, bringing the shirt up to show my bra and letting it fall, teasing the crowd. The crowd was calling out to show them my tits.
I took the shirt off, and teased everybody with removing my bra. I slid the straps off my shoulders, and held the cups up. I felt daring, so I got a guy in the audience to unhook me. I pulled it off, but kept my arm over my tits.
I turned to the crowd, and put my hands behind my head, shoulders back. My tits looked saggy after girl before.
I teased the crowd with running my fingers around the waist band of my boy shorts for a while, and they were calling for me to take them off. I pulled them down to my feet just as the song ended, and stood there in the white thong, which was wet and probably see through. The crowd went crazy, and I went to stand with the other girls. Maybe I was in the lead!
The next girl out was a blonde. She took her shirt off straight away, and danced around in her white bra and panties. The bra came off to cheers from the crowd. She pulled her nipples up and away from her body to make her tits look a lot bigger. I wish I'd thought of that! She teased the crowd with taking her panties off, pulling them down at the waist. She didn't take them off, and they weren't see though like mine as she'd got the shirt off before they got soaked. She came and stood with us.
The last girl out was stunning. She dumped the water over her chest herself, then took her top off, throwing it out into the crowd. Her tits were amazing, they were big and just stuck out. She was wearing just a yellow thong and heels, and ripped the thong off, showing her pussy to the crowd. It was pretty clear she'd won when she came and stood with us.
The bar tender called us up in reverse order, and the first girl was called first. She pulled her bra off for the crowd, but it was too late to change anything.
The second girl was called second, and stepped up to cheers from the crowd.
The stunning blonde was called third. She's a dancer there! She stood there, naked and comfortable, and bowed. I wish I had that sort of confidence.
Fourth was me - the bar tender pointed out my red pubic hair. I was awfully embarrassed and blushed down my front, but took a bow. Second wasn't bad for my first try. First try? Does this mean I might do this again?
The girl after me won, and was called up last. They gave her $100, and she pulled her panties down a bit and the crowd cheered at her, then everybody came down off the stage.
I went and joined Dan and gave him a big hug and a kiss. By now I was very turned on.
The music started, and the strippers started coming out again, and Dan got me a drink.
I told him how nervous I'd been, and guys just kept coming up and shaking my hand, eyeing me up. I pulled myself up to him so it wasn't so obvious that I was almost naked.
I decided to go and collect my stuff from the stage, but it was gone. The brunette was looking for her clothing too.
I went and hugged Dan, then went back to the dressing rooms to get my yoga pants. All my clothes were there in a pile, as the stripper picked them up to stop them being stolen as souvenirs. I took off the wet thong, in a strippers' changing room! and put my pants and boots back on. I didn't want to put everything else back on as it was wet, so I just held it to me to cover me up.
We walked across the parking lot to my car, and I put the wet clothes in the trunk and drove home topless. It was dark, nobody saw me.
When we got back, I asked Dan to get my wet clothes so I could get to my front door without flashing everybody. No, her got them, then held them as he opened my door, forcing me to get out and to the house with my arm hiding my tits.
Once we got in, Dan suggested a pizza, so I went and called the nearest place. He went off to my bedroom while I was on the phone, and when I hung up told me to strip. I took off my boots and yoga pants, and he gave me some red boy shorts to put on. He put money on the counter, and then used my hand cuffs to lock my hands behind my back.
I was getting nervous, so he went around setting up our phones for a video call, then set mine up to cover the whole kitchen. He wasn't even going to be in the room with me! We agreed that if I said "Cambodia", he'd come running, but otherwise I was on my own.
The door bell rang, and I started getting nervous, and turned on at the same time. I started down the stairs, and he said if the guy was cute, I should ask him to rub my tits.
I had to back up to the door to unlock and open it, and when I turned around, it was a girl! I asked her to come in, and told her that my boyfriend had left me like this, but that there was money in the kitchen. The girl seemed to think it was funny, and followed me up the stairs and in to the kitchen.
I showed her the money, and told her to keep the change.
The girl picked the money up, and was about to go.
I said quietly "would you like to rub my tits?"
"What?" said the girl.
"I'm to ask you if you want to rub my tits," I said, nervously, "but we were expecting a guy. I suppose I should still ask."
"OK," the girl said, and came over and gently rubbed my tits. It was nice, really, if you forgot my hand cuffs.
After a few minutes of this, I decided to lean into it. This'd get Dan going. I said "How about you take my panties off."
"What?" said the girl.
"If you take my panties off," I said, "he'll find me here naked, and always wonder what happened. It's not like I could take them off by myself."
"Serves him right," said the girl, and she knelt down in front of me and pulled my panties down so I could step out of them.
"What should I do with them?" she asked. "Do you want me to take them?"
"Put them on the counter where you got the money," I said.
The girl put them on the counter, smoothing them flat onto the surface.
"There you go," she said. "This is fucking hot. If you ever get stuck like this again, and you don't want a guy to come, I'm Rachel. You can ask for me."
We went back down to the front door. She gave me a hug, then opened the door wide and left, leaving me to struggle to get it shut and locked again.
I came up the stairs, and Dan was there.
"Can you take these off me now?" I asked.
"Not yet," he said, and sat me down on the floor by the table. He brought us a slice of pizza and we shared it. He was licking up anything that dropped on to tits. He helped me up and led me to the bedroom, and bent me over the bed.
He was rubbing my butt, getting me more and more turned on. I was telling him to fuck me, and he stood up and undressed, then took me from behind. If felt amazing, just lying there getting ploughed from behind, and my tits were being rubbed on the covers, making them ache. Having my hands cuffed behind me just felt so strange. Nice strange, but somehow wrong, you know? I came first, and after he'd cum, he undid the cuffs so we could clean up.
We went and finished the pizza.