For Corbin, the world went straight-up weird. After his hookup with Jessica Nakamura, the campus's hottest senior, he became something of an instant celebrity on his floor, especially after a bunch of guys heard her cries of pleasure. Most of them thought she'd been faking it, that he bribed her to make those kinds of noises, and if Corbin hadn't been there underneath her as she came -- twice! -- he would have assumed the same thing.
But no, he really hooked up with her. It happened. It was real. And some of the guys did believe it, enough that he got high-fives just for walking down the hallway.
Sam, Corbin's roommate and friend, had been a witness to Jessica coming into the room and now looked at Corbin with reverential eyes. The first hookup either one of them had in their dorm room and it was with Jessica freaking Nakamura.
Corbin himself was dazed about the whole thing. Jessica was hot, and the whole thing was unimaginably intense and fun, but she let him peek into a corner of her troubles, and it left him wondering if she'd be okay. He hoped so. She seemed nice, if aggressive. He held out some small hope that weekend she'd come back by or call or text or something, but she told him straight away what they were doing was a one-time thing, and he promised himself and her he wouldn't be weird about it. Corbin intended to keep that promise.
Monday came, and he dozed through his classes, unable to stop thinking about the gorgeous woman rocking on top of him, his cock buried deep inside her tight embrace. She'd been so wild and free. He'd been more shy and awkward, but she made it okay. So distracted by Jessica, Corbin didn't think much about going back to work that night until he sat in his car, his stomach twisting up in knots as he thought about how Kenny was going to make his life a living hell for stopping him at the party.
He wasn't wrong.
* * *
For Jessica, the world was about to go bad again. The euphoria from the good sex with Corbin wore off fast, and thoughts of Lionel getting married the next weekend threatened to sink her into a black funk. Usually friends helped. That was why she threw the party in the first place. So did work, though she didn't have any kids lined up until later that week. She babysat for the upper middle-class in Agramonte. Not the most glamorous job, but she liked it well enough in high school to make childhood psychology her major. She didn't know yet if she wanted to practice or teach, but either way, she knew she wanted to go for her doctorate.
In the short-term, she babysat, and during the summers, Jessica worked for a nanny service. She made damn good money, despite the juvenile title "babysitter," enough to keep her in a two-story house that originally came with a pair of roommates she couldn't stand. Now she lived alone, bought and almost paid for a used car, and with her scholarships, she would come out only fifteen grand in debt. She should have been happy. In her early twenties, and life was already pretty awesome.
But.
But Lionel. But his fiancé and his six girlfriends. But his marriage in just days.
Every minute ticked away with the weight of a brick made from lead. That strange hour or so with Corbin replayed itself over and over, the moment out of time when she could focus on someone else other than herself. It wasn't just about the sex. It was fun helping him through his shyness.
Jessica distracted herself with class on Monday. By that point in her quest for her bachelor's degree, she was pretty much on autopilot until the end of the next semester. The four hundred level classes weren't exactly easy but she knew the material well through practice and other certification courses she took for her jobs. Her professors blessedly saw her As on tests and coursework and knew her well enough to leave her be.
When Jessica finished with her class that day, her friend Brooke waited for her out in the hallway. The sun-kissed tall blonde smiled wide, and Jessica tried to return it. They pulled away from the mass of student bodies around them and Brooke elbowed her.
"I heard a funny rumor about you."
"That got around fast."
Brooke chuckled and they headed out into the fall sunshine, getting away from everyone before they started to talk in earnest.
"I thought you were just going to go over there to say thank you," Brooke said.
"That was the plan," Jessica said. She shrugged. "I needed to get something out of my system, I guess."
"No judgment. I get it. And he's cute enough, if he'd get a haircut and dress a little more... adultish."
Jessica smiled. "You should have seen his room. Action figures. Video games. My little brother would have been in heaven."
"Action figures? Really?"
"Oh yeah. And they had a mountain of snacks. It almost looked like a Christmas tree."
Brooke giggled. "Well, I heard something else. That there were some pretty loud noises going on."
"Yeaaah," Jessica said, blushing hard.
Brooke's smile transformed into shock. "Wait. No. It's true?"
"Yes. Um. Twice."
"Him or you?"
"Both."
Brooke's eyes widened even further. "From Corbin?"
Why the anger rose up in her, Jessica wasn't sure, but it did, and she snapped, "Hey. He's a nice guy. And he is handsome. I mean those eyes, and..."
"No, no, I..." Brooke waved a hand in a gesture of mild frustration. "I mean... he's so sweet and, and... I just wouldn't expect it from..."
"A nerd?"
"Jess, I didn't mean to press your buttons."
"He is surprisingly good. Maybe a little inexperienced, but the groundwork's there." Jessica shrugged. "And he's pretty, um... hung."
"Wait." Brooke grabbed her arm and they stopped walking. "Corbin?"
"Corbin."
"Jeez."
"Right? When he cleans up and he has a bit more confidence in him, he's going to be pretty damn popular."
Brooke shook her head. "I'd never have guessed. Are you guys seeing each other again?"
Jessica drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly before shaking her head. "No. He's a good guy. But I'm still so fucked up about Lionel. Besides, he's a freshman, and I'm graduating, and..."
"Yeah, but it's not like you're exactly going far," Brooke said.
That was true. Jessica was going to get her Master's there at Agramonte.
"I'm not ruling out hooking up with him again," Jessica said. "But right now, I'm not healthy for anybody in a relationship. It's not him. It's really not him. It's me."
"Sure. I get it," Brooke said.
"How about you? You doing okay?"
Kenny was Brooke's ex-boyfriend. The two broke up over the weekend, after Kenny tried to get Jessica alone when she was drunk.
Brooke soured. "Asshole threw all my clothes out on the lawn. My neighbors gathered everything up but I really did not want Mr. Chin touching my panties."
Jessica snickered. "Aw, but he's nice. I'm serious, though. You okay?"
"Yeah. I mean, it's not like we were living together. But still, you told me he was a douchebag and I didn't listen. That was sucky of me and I'm sorry."
"No, hey," Jessica said, stopping her friend for a hug. Brooke's smile broke, and she cried a little, just a few tears. They rocked together a moment.
When they pulled apart, Brooke sniffed and dabbed at her eyes. "Men are assholes, right?"
"Men are such assholes."
"Except our guy Corbin."
"About that," Jessica said. "Before we really got into it, he said something to me. I kinda mentioned that I was mad at men in general, and one guy in particular, and he stopped to tell me he could have been nicer to his first girlfriend when they broke up."
"Why?"
"Because he thought I deserved to know he thought he was an asshole too."
"Oh, that's the sweetest thing I think I've ever heard."
"Right?" Jessica asked. "He was afraid I'd walk out the door, but he wanted to be honest anyways."
"I swear to God, when he cleans up..." Brooke sighed and smiled. "Corbin Block. Who knew?"
* * *
Kenny Kilton's office was dark. Just a few short days ago that would have disappointed Corbin. He considered Kenny to be his best friend there on campus, right up to the point where he showed his true colors at the party.
Now Corbin felt relief. He'd have to face off with Kenny sooner or later, he knew, but it didn't have to be tonight. He waved his employee card near the digital time clock, and headed into the all-purpose gym to begin cleaning.
The place was busy that night. Corbin did his work tense and uneasy, but letting the worry seep out of him minute by minute. A couple of the wrestlers struck up a conversation with him about a mutual class, and Corbin had the damnedest feeling one of the track women was eyeing him when he wasn't looking, but maybe that was his imagination. He was still punch-drunk after his time with Jessica. Had to be wishful thinking the leggy brunette kept stealing glances.
Right?
The gym started clearing out around seven, a couple hours before closing. By that point, Corbin was mopping the bathrooms, his earbuds in, listening to his favorite video game and tech podcast. He didn't hear the two footballers until they were right up on him, grabbing him by the back of his shirt and slamming him face-first against the cold metal of the stall.
One of them ripped out his earbuds. He was too in shock to realize what was happening before the guy dropped the expensive buds -- a gift from Corbin's parents -- and smashed them underfoot.
"Hey, hey, no-" Corbin started, and a looping fist shut him up. He'd never been in a fight and thought the "seeing stars" thing was just a cliché, but no, it was real, and lights sputtered on and off in his vision. They slammed him again against the metal and he started to flail backwards, trying to hit them, trying to make any contact he could.
"Listen here, you little shit," one of them snarled. It was Lloyd, one of the biggest bruisers on the offensive line, three hundred pounds of muscle and fat. "Kilton told us what happened."
"You fucked with him," the other one said, his voice silky smooth and unmistakable. That was Chris Turner, better known as C-Note, one of the captains of the team. Corbin thought dazedly, no, we're friends, we've worked out together. "Now he told us we should fuck with you."
"Quit, bitch," Lloyd said. "Walk in tomorrow and tell them you want to work the cafeteria or whatever the fuck else. We don't care. Get your ass out of here."
They grabbed one of Corbin's arms and twisted it up behind his back. Any more pressure and it would have broken something. Corbin had to stand on his tiptoes, his head pounding.
C-Note snarled, "This is from Kilton, you dumb-"
"Let him go."
The voice belonged to one of the wrestlers from the gym. Lloyd let go of Corbin's arm but grabbed a fistful of his hair. "This isn't your business, Billy," he said.
"This isn't high school," another one of the wrestlers said. "Don't be a couple of dipshits."
"Or else what?" Lloyd asked.
"Do you really want to know the answer to that question?" Billy asked.
Oh shit, Corbin thought, just a split second before his skull rebounded off the steel again. Stars exploded again and he stumbled sideways, crashing into the mop and bucket and sending water everywhere. Lights in his eyes fluttered as the wrestlers stormed into the room, going after the footballers in a flurry of fists. He heard someone yell in pain -- Lloyd, he thought -- and then he blanked out until someone was standing over him. Corbin flinched, but it was Billy, not one of the football guys.
"Hey, hey man, welcome back. Stay awake, all right? Gotta stay awake. My buddy's going for his car. We're gonna get you to the hospital."
"Hospital?" Corbin asked blearily. He accepted Billy's hand getting up. His vision doubled, tripled, then mercifully settled back into two of the squat, powerful guy in front of him.
"You don't screw around with a couple hits to the head like that. Can you walk okay?"
Corbin took a tentative step forward. He thought he did all right, and Billy must have agreed. The other guy grabbed the door and they made their way out to the hallway. The few people left from the gym stood out in the hallway, watching.
"Oh my God, is he okay?"
"I'm good," Corbin said. He smiled tightly. "Thanks."
He and Billy made it outside. A car waited at the curb and the other wrestler, Jerome, grabbed the passenger door for Corbin. When he collapsed inside and the guys climbed in, Billy said, "Fuck Ken Kilton. This is going to get his ass fired for sure."
* * *
Jessica had a small two-hour window in the morning free of classes. She usually liked to sleep in, particularly since her babysitting kept her up some nights well beyond midnight. But that morning, she woke up to a phone call from an unexpected, painful, but sugar sweet voice that couldn't help make her smile.
"Hey Jessica!" Lionel's son Isaac said.
"Hey yourself," Jessica said, her voice froggy.
Isaac giggled his sweet giggle. He just diving into his preteens, and sometimes seemed so wise beyond his years. But when he laughed, he still sounded like the child he was, and despite the pain his father caused her, Jessica couldn't help loving hearing it. "Are you still asleep? Lazy butt."
Jessica blew him a raspberry. "What are you doing?" she asked.
"Getting ready to go to school."
Jessica smiled despite the well of emotions rising up in her. Throughout all the anguish she felt over losing Lionel, Isaac kind of fell by the wayside. She stopped babysitting him a few months after Lionel's fiancé came into the picture, and she missed the kid with a ferocity she wasn't expecting.
"You keeping your grades up?"
"Uh huh." He sounded distracted. "Jess?"
"Hm?"
"I don't like my new babysitter."
Jessica held the phone away from her face and let out a soft cry into her other arm. For Isaac's sake she fought the tears back, but she couldn't help the stab of loneliness. When she came back on, she croaked, "Is she mean? She doesn't yell or get mad, does she?"
"No. But she's always texting someone and she doesn't like games and..." Isaac sniffed. "I want you to come back."
"Oh honey," Jessica said. "I can't."
"Why not?" He was crying now, and she couldn't fight off her own tears now.
"I wish I had an easy answer for you. Isaac, I love you very much. You're going to be so happy with... with Morgan and all your aunts and..." She broke down. Both of them stopped talking for a while, two messes of snuffling and tears. Then came silence on his end and she thought he'd hung up. "Isaac? Isaac, are you okay?"
Another voice. Morgan's. "Jessica? I'm sorry. He's run off to the bathroom. I... I didn't know he called you."
"Is that okay?" Jessica asked, hasher than she intended.
Morgan sounded hurt. "Well, yes... I know he cared a lot about you and I wouldn't think of coming between you."
But you did.
The thought made Jessica feel like garbage, and she dabbed at her eyes with a corner of her sheets. "I'm sorry, Morgan. I just hate hearing him cry."
"Me too." Silence, then, "Jessica, I..."
"I need to go," Jessica said. "Give him a hug for me, okay? Just do that."
"Yes. Of course."
Jessica hung up. She grabbed one of her pillows and sobbed into it, great big ugly tears jerked out of her by the fistful. She cried and cried, and when it was all out of her, she showered, and dressed, and thought about the wedding that weekend. She thought about the invitation she tore up and dumped in the garbage, and about Isaac in a tiny tux, and Lionel and Morgan in front of the altar.
She couldn't go. She knew that. But maybe she could do something for Isaac, something little. The thought brought a warmth to her, an honest one free of the poison of her jealousy, and she hurried to snatch up her car keys and her purse. A present, she decided, something to cheer him up. But what?
She drove downtown, passing by the walking malls, the big clothing stores, the gift shops. Nothing struck her as right. Frustrating, but pleasantly so, and she decided to pull into a coffee shop for some go juice to help fuel her creative fire. As she waited in line, her phone rang. Nia, her friend from Student Services.
"Hello?"
"Hey Jess! What are you up to?"
"Grabbing a coffee way up in Haller. Doing some shopping. What are you up to?"
"Did you hear about Corbin?"
"Um..." Jessica said. "What about him?"
"Oh my God. You didn't. Brooke asked me the other day for his room here on campus for you and I thought maybe you heard. He's in the hospital."
Jessica shot away from the line, clutching her phone hard. "What?"
"Yeah. It's crazy. A couple football guys beat him up in the bathroom at the gym. Billy and Jerome stopped them. It's bananas. Kenny Kilton was just walked off campus by security. People are saying he might have been involved."
"Oh my God," Jessica breathed. "My party."
"What?"
"I was really drunk the other night and Kenny tried to get me upstairs. Corbin stopped him. I'd bet you anything Kenny sent those guys after him."
"Are you serious?" Nia asked, her voice low. "Screw him."
"No kidding. Where's Corbin?"
Nia filled her in, and Jessica flew out to her car. She raced out of the parking lot so fast she nearly rear-ended a truck and forced herself to calm down. Kenny Kilton. Burn, motherfucker.
Corbin was in a post-critical care unit, which seemed like good news. Well... better than the ICU or the emergency room, anyways. Jessica called a friend from classes and asked her to explain to their professor that she had a friend in the hospital. Since Jess's attendance was nearly spotless, she didn't think it would be a problem, but it didn't hurt to keep her bases covered. At the hospital, she found a space roughly a bajillion miles away from the building she needed and hurried inside. A friendly receptionist pointed her in the right direction, but it was redundant. Already headed towards her was Billy Calcagni.
They knew each other -- had, in fact, gone on a couple dates as freshmen -- and his smile was wide and honest. She tried to return it but he saw the fear in her. "Hey Jessica. You here for Corbin?"
"Is he okay?"
"Yeah, yeah, I think so. They were worried last night about a concussion but he seems okay. They're gonna hold him until tonight and then he should be good."
"Who did it?"
"Lloyd Heffernan and Chris Turner. And get this-"
"Ken Kilton sent them after him."
"Yeah, that's right. How'd you know?" Billy asked. They stopped outside Corbin's room. Jessica peeked in and saw the freshmen in bed, a remote in hand. His eyes were glued on a TV screen. That had to be another good sign. Jessica pulled Billy away from the door and filled him in. He whistled low. "Bastard. That's not the first time I've heard something like that. Wish I could stomp his balls to a pulp. The assholes did some damage to Corbin's car, too. They slashed the tires, broke his windows. Me and some of the other wrestlers, we're going to raise some money for him. A mechanic we know is going to do the work and we can pay him back later."
"Good. From what Nia said, Kenny's done at the school, but those two assholes might not be the only ones he convinced to go after Corbin. I need you and your friends to keep an eye out for him. He's a really good guy and I just want to make sure he's safe."
Billy nodded. "Yeah. Whatever you need." He blinked and smiled. "You like him."
"What?"
"You do. You can't stop looking in his direction."
"I'm worried about him," Jessica said, her voice way too defensive and she knew it. She scowled at Billy and he held his hands up defensively. "He's... a nice guy. You and Bethani doing okay?"
Billy's sly grin changed to something more honest. "Oh yeah. Don't let it get around, but I'm taking her up to the falls in a few weeks before it gets too cold and then I'm going to propose."
"Aw. Lucky girl."
"Lucky guy," Billy said, his chest puffing out.
"I'm going to go in and check on him."
"All right. It's good to see you, Jess. We'll take care of him. I promise."
"Thank you."
* * *
The hospital door swung open, and Corbin looked up. Jessica stormed right in.
"Oh hey," he said, trying to smile and finding it surprisingly easier than he imagined.
"Your phone," she said. "Do you have it with you?"
"Um. Yeah. Why?"
"Where is it?" He gestured at the cabinet in a corner, and she snatched it out of there, bringing it to him. "Unlock it, please." He did, and she tapped away at it, sniffing.
"Jessica, I'm all right," he said quietly.
"No, you're not. You got beat up because of that asshole. I'm putting my number in here. So if something like this happens again and I'm not the first person you call, I'm going to, to thump you myself."
She dialed her own phone and nodded when it rang. When she came back to him after putting his phone away again, she sat on the edge of the bed. Corbin made room for her and she rested beside him, stroking his chest, still sniffing but not quite crying.
"What happened?" she murmured, staring at his scruffy beard. "And don't sugarcoat it. Don't be that guy, Corbin. I want to know."
He told her. The gaps of blank time, just seconds, between getting beat on and getting to the hospital with Jerome and Billy worried the doctors the most but his readings stayed positive all night and they were confident he was doing well.
"My parents are flipping out," Corbin said. "They want to fly down. I told them no, I'm fine, but you know how parents are."
Jessica laughed and sniffed. "My dad drove four hours my second or third weekend here because my roommate's microwave was too small to cook a bag of popcorn. They had an extra one. It was the sweetest thing ever."
"Parents are great. And crazy."
"They are."
"It's funny. As much as I hurt, the whole way here, all I could keep thinking about was those earbuds and just how shitty I felt about losing them. You know? Like my parents were going to be upset about that."
She kissed his shoulder, now looking him in the eyes. "Kenny was escorted off campus."
"Good." He stroked her cheek with tentative fingers, his eyes serious. "But this might not be over. I know you're amazing, but don't put yourself in a spot where he can hurt you. Be careful going home and everything, you know?"
"I do. And same to you." She trailed a finger across Corbin's chest, and leaned up to kiss his chin. "By the way? I think you totally have an in with Brooke."
He laughed and winced. "Don't make me laugh. It hurts too much."
"I'm serious. I told her about us yesterday and she's definitely curious."
"No way," Corbin said, still grinning.
Jessica stopped rubbing his chest and held up her hand, pinky out. "Pinky swear."
He stared at her, his smile slowly fading, and he finally said, "You're serious."
"I'm always serious about pinky swears."
"I don't even know what to do with that."
"The same thing you did to me. Twice."
"I'm serious," Corbin said. "I'm terrible at reading signals. I don't know the first thing about how to actually come onto someone. You and my ex-girlfriend, both of you were the ones to hit on me." He chuckled. "The closest I've come to hitting on anyone was the other day in class."
"What do you mean?"
"Oh, this is embarrassing."
She pushed up onto one elbow, and her hand returned to him -- just much, much lower. "Tell me, and I'll make this into something more fun."
"You're the devil," Corbin said.
"You have no idea," Jessica said, sliding up his hospital gown. The door opened at right that moment, and a black nurse in scrubs walked in. She gaped, and Jess looked down at her, blinking innocently. "Can you give us, mm, ten minutes?"
"I don't think you should. He's had a potential brain injury..." the nurse said, staring at Jessica's hand on his hardening cock.
"Oops," Jessica said, and let Corbin go. She tugged down the gown again, and the nurse backed out. "Well, I'll give you a happy ending later, then, when it's safe. But tell me."
"I, uh..." Corbin chuckled again. "I've got this thing for Dr. Windsor."
"Pamela Windsor? Sasha's mom?"
"Yeaaah? I mean, yes, her name's Pamela Windsor. I knew she had a daughter, but I don't know who she is."
"Sasha Windsor," Jessica said. "She's cool. I'll introduce you sometime. Never mind. Good crush. Dr. Windsor's definitely hot."
"I think I have a thing for authoritarian women. You, her..."
Jessica snickered. "Sure. I can see that. Anyways, what happened?"
"Oh, um. I was daydreaming. About her. All throughout class, and I, ah..."
"Ah, you got hard."
"Yeaaaah," Corbin said, grinning. "She kept calling on me and I couldn't come up with the answers, so after class she had me hang back."
"Oh no," Jessica gasped.
"Oh yeah. I told her the situation and she told me to hurry to the bathroom, my backpack in front of me."
Jessica laughed. And like that, she sat up, looking pleased. "I can help."
"With what?"
"I can help you. I need something to distract me from... something else. What if I helped you be with Brooke and Dr. Windsor? Who else is on your list?"
"What are you talking about, my list?"
Jessica turned and rolled her eyes at him. "Every guy has one. Don't tell me you don't."
"I... do not," Corbin protested, but there was no believing him.
"I'm serious. I'll bet you by this time next spring, you'll have slept with every woman on campus you want."
"You're crazy."
"Well, yeah, but what's that got to do with it?"
He laughed, but he looked at her afterwards with serious consideration in his eyes. "You could help me be less awkward?"
"Definitely. In fact, if you don't sleep with Brooke by the end of this week, I'll turn your handjob into a blowjob this Sunday. Deal?"
"Well... I'm kinda confused. You said you and I, we weren't a thing."
Jessica came to him and stroked his cock through the fabric of the gown again. "We can do things outside of a relationship. In fact, we'll have to. I need to teach you to go down on a woman. And I'll need to teach you when to be more aggressive, so that'll probably require some hands-on training."
"Will it?"
"Shut up. So I'm going to want to ride this dick again every once in a while. Is that so bad?"
He grinned. "No, ma'am, it is not."
"We can do this," Jessica said, bobbing on her feet. "We can turn you into the lady killer. Only, not like a jerk about it. You'll be..."
"The Anti-Kenny."
"Exactly. A gentleman on the streets, a beast in the sheets."
"Jessica, what do you get out of this? I mean, I'm appreciative, but..."
"I get..." Flashes of Lionel crossed her mind. I get to make you perfect, she almost said. Just the way he is. "I don't know. I get to see a good guy become the great guy." She reached up and brushed his hair out of his eyes. "First, we need to get you a haircut."
* * *
They released him that afternoon. Minus a little soreness and a few bruises, he wasn't feeling all that bad. They drove first to her place. He tapped out an email to his professors explaining the situation. The school probably would have already let them know, but it didn't hurt.
They started with a shave. Corbin knew how to use a razor, but usually just ran an electric one across his face every so often. Jessica told him that was going to change, and pulled him to her upstairs bathroom. While he stripped out of his shirt, she dug out an ancient bottle of shaving cream and a package of unused men's razors from her pantry. He shaved while she watched, leaning against the wall. When he finished, she took the razor from him and stepped in close. Both of them were intimately aware of his nude chest nearly against hers, and Corbin couldn't help blushing. Jessica saw, but tried not to draw any attention to it. If he'd touched her in that moment, he would have found her wet and needing, at least as much as he was.
Slowly she trimmed up a trio of tiny patches he missed, and when she clacked the razor in the sink's water, she turned back, hesitated, and kissed his chin. "Better," she murmured. "You have such a strong-featured face. Show it off. Shave every other day, okay?"
"Sure," he said. She smiled and kissed his chin again before hurrying into her bedroom.
When he dressed, she came back clutching the money she made from her Men Are Assholes party. "Listen," she said, counting it out again and separating half of it to stuff in her wallet, "we're not going to argue about this. You are going to be my masterpiece, my college Rembrandt. I'm going to spend a lot of money on you tonight."
"Jess, I-"
"I just said, we're not arguing this. What do you have for dressier clothes than that?"
Corbin looked down at his two-day old jeans and a tee shirt. "Um, what I wore to the party. And I have a couple of good pairs of jeans."
"Good," she said, nodding. "That's a start after we get you the haircut. What about shoes?"
"This is it. And sandals for the shower."
"Okay," she said, seeming even more excited. "Oh, this is going to be fun."
The Dunsinane Woods Mall stood maybe half-empty, its parking lot nearly devoid of cars, but it was a good start. Jessica practically skipped ahead as Corbin followed along, bemused. He didn't think she was at all serious about Brooke, let alone Dr. Windsor or the other women he wanted on campus. The truth was, Corbin wanted to spend time with Jessica herself, even if he felt kind of guilty about the cash she wanted to drop on him. He knew himself well enough to know he was going to crush hard on her, but he didn't really care. At the moment, he was too drunk on Jessica to let matters of the heart get to him.
"The best hair stylist in town," she said, turning and walking backwards, "and it's here at the mall. Well, it's the woman cutting, really. Ruby is amazing."
Ruby, as it turned out, was a nearly eighty-year-old woman with short curls and glasses with a rubber strap behind her head connecting the ears. There was only one other customer in the place at that hour being helped by a much younger hairdresser. Jessica came back with Corbin, and sat in an opposite chair while Ruby gave him the once-over and swung an apron around him.
"I was thinking something aggressive and modern," Jessica said. "Like maybe, you know, a fade or an undercut."
"And make him look twelve?" Ruby squawked. She waved a hand at Jessica. "Sit there and look pretty. I have this."
"Do I get a say?" Corbin asked.
"No," both women said. Ruby added, "Any guy who'd let his hair go so long that he can floss his nostrils with it doesn't get to have an opinion."
"It's not quite that long," he protested.
Ruby snatched at a lock of his hair and pulled it down to his nose. He shut up after that.
After a shampooing, she attacked him with a pair of scissors. She snip-snip-snipped like she was mad at him, her lips drawn in something approaching a sour sneer. Jessica watched with interest, hands on her lap. Corbin tried to strike up some conversation but Ruby snapped at him to keep quiet. He did, watching Jessica hide a smile behind her hand.
Ruby made every snip a tactical strike, only cutting off a few strands here and there. She kept it long, but trimmed it and styled it as she went, muttering to herself about rat's nests and boys playing at men. Jessica's smile vanished as the work neared its completion and she breathed, "Ruby, that's amazing."
"Of course it is," Ruby said indignantly, but a tiny smile played at her lips.
She touched up Corbin's hair with some cream, and turned him towards the mirror. Reflecting back at him was a man with long, flowing hair in waves that seemed at odds with each other and capped by an almost pompadour-like twirl at the front. It was rugged and stylish all at once.
"I can't believe that's me," he said.
"Me either," Ruby said. "You might be my best work yet."
"Agreed," Jessica said.
Ruby poked Corbin in the chest. "Every three weeks I want you back in that chair. You understand? That's twenty-one days. Not three months."
"Got it. Thanks again."
"Get out of here. And keep an eye on that one. She's trouble."
He grinned. "Already know it."
"Ah, you're doomed then," Ruby said, waving him off.
He needed some hair care products, which Jessica bought along with the cut. Ruby squawked when Jessica gave her a hug, but winked over the other woman's shoulder at Corbin. He winked back, and they hurried out of there to hit up a clothing store further down the street.
What Jessica spent on clothes for him staggered Corbin. They started with basic tees -- a black and a gray, fitted to him tighter than his loose, baggier clothes he preferred. He admitted he was self-conscious about his gut, and rather than appease him, Jessica nodded.
"It's okay. I can help with that too. We need to get you off the snacks, and we'll track what you're eating."
She was bent over as she said it, her slacks stretched nicely over her ass, and Corbin whispered a silent goodbye to cheeseballs.
To that, they swept through the casual button-downs. A clerk, a pretty woman with short-cropped black hair and a round, angelic face, came over, curious, bored, and ready to help. Her name was Sandra, and when her back was turned, Jessica nudged Corbin. Why, he had no idea, not for a few minutes at least.
"Two rules," Jessica told Sandra. "No plaid, no Hawaiian."
"What about flannel? He'd look good in flannel."
The horrified look Jessica gave her made Sandra laugh. The clerk picked up a burgundy corduroy shirt and held it against Corbin's chest. Her hand seemed to linger there as she pondered it, then again when she held up a dusty blue one instead. Jessica looked like she was holding in fits as Sandra said, "The blue, don't you think?"
"Oh, definitely the blue," Jessica said.
And finally it clicked. No freaking way. The clerk was hitting on him? Was that what had Jessica rolling? Corbin didn't want to believe it until Sandra pulled the same move with the next batch of shirts. But yes, her hand did stay on his chest, her fingers sliding down surreptitiously nearly to his belly when she thought Jessica wasn't looking.
When the clerk hurried away to help another customer for a moment, Jessica leaned in close and murmured into Corbin's ear, "You have to let her know you're interested too."
"But... I don't know her."
"Corbin, I'm not talking about you marrying her. You have to trust me if I'm going to help you. Think about what you told me in your dorm. Remember? Figure out something sexy to tell her."
He nodded, unsettled. Hit on her. A stranger. Right.
Sandra came back a few minutes later as they wandered through the polos. Jessica said pleasantly, "Could you point me towards the bathrooms?"
"Of course," Sandra said, and gave her instructions. Jessica walked away lackadaisically, and Corbin swallowed hard, building up his courage. Sandra leaned over to pick up a polo.
Now or never. Trust Jessica.
He leaned over too, and murmured, "Tell me I'm wrong, but I think your little hand brushes are deliberate."
Instead of walking away or snapping at him, Sandra glanced around and looked back over her shoulder at him. "Maybe," she teased, smiling.
"And maybe I think you have a terrific ass," he said. Oh God oh God oh God, was he going to do this? He reached down, and without hesitation, he pinched it. She yelped and giggled.
"Mm, should you really be doing that with your girlfriend right here?"
Corbin grinned. "I don't think Jessica's going to mind one bit. When I'm changing, ask her yourself."
Have I gone INSANE?
Sandra's lips parted and she returned her focus to the shirts. This time, when she brought one to his chest, her hand slipped down even further, trailing against his belt. He brought it lower still, giving her a good feel of his hardening length. Her eyes widened, and she blushed furiously.
That was the end to their play, and Corbin thought maybe he'd gone too far. Sandra picked out a couple more shirts she thought he'd look good in, and he added them to the pile for Jessica's inspection when she came back. They'd moved on to pants by then. Jessica held a couple belts as she came to them, one black, one brown.
"You'll want to match them to your shoes," she said. "Black to black, brown to brown."
Sandra shot Corbin a quick look, then back to Jessica. "We were just talking pants. Jeans, slacks, or..."
"Khakis, I think. And slacks. He'll need at least two pairs of those. Jeans, he has covered."
A few minutes later, Jessica sent Corbin into a dressing room with a pair of both. He kicked off his shoes and as he was undoing his pants, he thought he heard a murmured conversation outside of the dressing room. It had been wishful thinking that he had a shot with the clerk. He took it too far, he told himself.
"Stupid," he mouthed at the mirror. Still needed to work on his compliments. Oh well. It was worth a-
A knock.
He opened the door, holding his jeans up with one hand. Sandra.
"Your girlfriend wanted me to add this to your selection," she said, holding out a foil wrapped condom. She looked sideways back down towards Jessica, then at Corbin. Quickly, she raised a finger to her lips and nudged him backwards.
Holy. Fuck.
Sandra leaned up and breathed into his ear, "Hurry."
It was the only word they'd speak in there.
There was barely enough room for both of them to get undressed, so Corbin satisfied himself with just dropping his jeans and his boxers. Sandra dropped her own, leaving her in a pair of white bikini briefs. She turned and placed her hands against the full-length mirror, her breasts brushing against it too. Her ass really was spectacular, perky and round, and she wiggled it just so.
Corbin slid behind her, a thousand questions shooting through his mind. Should he finger her first? She said hurry. He hesitated, then tugged her briefs down. He ripped open the condom and rolled it onto his hardening prick. Staring at her ass, he stroked himself a few times as he reached around her to feel her pussy. He might not have been terribly experienced, but he knew from the slickness of her she was ready. Sandra moaned softly. That brought his cock to full and ready attention, and he positioned himself behind her, kneeling slightly.
She giggled at his first attempt and reached behind her to grip him. With Sandra's guidance, his cockhead slipped into her, and she gasped with the fullness of him. He drove deep up in, and judging from the way her mouth fell open in the mirror, she liked it.
Encouraged, Corbin started to see-saw in and out of her. Sandra's word echoed in his ear. Hurry. He wasted no time building up an intense, fast rhythm, one that left her rocking back and forth as his skin slapped against hers. He gripped her waist at first, but remembered how Jessica liked her clit played with. He slid one hand around Sandra and she bucked hard against him when two of his fingers danced across her hood. Encouraged, he teased it and the sexy little clerk moaned.
Her top was still on. Corbin brought his other hand up under the fabric She grinned at the mirror, that angelic face now with a touch of the devil to it. She pushed back and undid the top few buttons on her blouse as fast as she could manage, Corbin's cock buried deep inside her. He helped her tug down her white bra, baring her small, perky breasts. They bobbed as the pair starting fucking again, staring at themselves in the mirror. It was like looking at a stranger, someone he didn't know existed until that moment. And Sandra... oh, that sweet face of hers was now twisted with passion, lips parted, cheeks flushed.
Corbin nuzzled her neck, eyes still on her in the mirror. She reached up and back, cradling his cheek grinning as they fucked harder and harder. She lifted one foot up off the ground and rested it on the bench beside them. The angle must have been good for her because her smile transformed into something born of pure pleasure.
"Unnnh, unnnh," she gasped.
Corbin cupped one of her breasts and tweaked her nipple. Her own hand shot to grip his and hold it right there as he fucked up at her, their mirror selves lost to their incoming orgasms. Her mouth widened even further and her eyes squeezed shut.
"Ohhhhh!" she cried out.
She came. Her body jerked up once, twice, three times and then she seemed to melt, panting, her fingernails digging into his hand on her breast. Corbin kept pumping into her, his own climax close, and thought about Jessica coming in there. It would be too tight a fit, but he fantasized about her sinking between Sandra's legs and licking her pussy while he hammered into the clerk. That did it for him even more than the stunning visual of Sandra coming down off her orgasm. He drove deep into her one last time, grunting as he filled his condom.
Slowly he pulled out of Sandra and she whirled, wrapping her arms around him and planting a kiss on him he'd never forget. He dropped a hand to her spectacular ass and squeezed before she dropped to help them both with their clothes.
Outside, Jessica sat on a plastic chair, playing on her phone and smiling to herself. She had even more clothes for Corbin ready, but it didn't escape him that her own cheeks were bright cherry red.
"You two have fun?" she asked.
Sandra looked around and leaned in to murmur, "Best sex of my life."
Corbin gaped at her. "Wait, what?"
Sandra turned and winked. "Now, um, what else can I help you two with today?"
* * *
"Should I have got her number?" Corbin asked Jessica. They stood at the cologne and perfume counters in the middle of the department store. Sandra disappeared to clean up and presumably go back to work, though the store was almost dead.
"Why? Do you want it?"
"No, I mean, I just thanked her and we... you know, walked away."
Jessica picked up a sample bottle of cologne from the department store's glass countertop and popped off the cap. A whiff later and she was hastily putting the cap back on. To Corbin, she said, "Sex doesn't always have to mean commitment. You didn't take her on a date, or promise her anything, and more importantly, she definitely wasn't expecting anything. It was just casual, Corbin. That's okay."
"Like what you and I have?"
"Kind of? I'd like to think you and I are friends, too."
"Friends with benefits," he said, smiling.
She poked his shoulder. "Yep."
They both picked up another sample bottle and sniffed. Corbin held his out. "That's not bad."
"Yeah, I don't mind that one. That'd be good for the day-to-day cologne. Add it to the maybe side."
He did, and asked, "What do you mean, day-to-day cologne?"
"Weekend cologne," she said. "Don't wear any during class. You'll come across like a douche and if it's too strong, you'll probably leave someone sneezing for an hour. A dab of aftershave when you shave, always. Day-to-day cologne on the weekends first thing in the morning after you've dried off. And then there's date night cologne."
"What's the difference? Between day-to-day and date night, I mean."
"Mm, I like sportier colognes on guys day-to-day. Or something lighter, anyways. Something that says you're upping your game, but it's not just necessarily for me. But date night, I want to be drunk on you. And that means something darker, richer. Something with... flair. You know what I mean?"
"No," Corbin said, laughing. "But I'm figuring it out."
"That's all I want from you," Jessica said serenely. "Aftershave, go with whatever you like. You want to leave your own mark there. Or at least go with the same as your day-to-day cologne."
"Got it," Corbin said. They both took a deep whiff of the coffee beans provided as a scent cleanser, and started in on the next round of colognes.
When they finished and paid for all their purchases, they walked past rows of children's clothing on their way out the store. Jessica stopped at one rack, going silent, studying the shirts there.
"Hey," Corbin said. "You okay?"
"Oh. Yes." Jessica sucked her teeth. "No. I... I don't know."
"Talk to me."
"I need to find a gift for someone. A boy, about ten or eleven or so. That's what I was doing this morning when I got the call about you being in the hospital."
"And you're looking at maybe a shirt or something?"
Jessica shook her head. "I don't know what to get him. It's a see you later present, I guess. I was his babysitter for a long time. That's what I do for work."
"Oh. Well, what does he like?"
"Books and Fortnite," Jessica said, and chuckled. "Fortnite, Fortnite, and more Fortnite. Action figures too. Cars, I think. Or at least he had some in his window? I don't really know about that one."
"Okay. So pretty typical kids' stuff," Corbin said.
"Yeah, but I'd like it to be... I don't know, something special. Maybe he'll forget about me in a month or two, but I'd like..." The tears came on her hard and fast, slipping down her face like gleaming jewels. Corbin settled his bags down and wrapped her in his arms. She tucked her head against his chest, and they rocked together a while.
"It's okay," he said. "I don't think anyone could ever forget you."
"You are unfairly good at saying the right things," Jessica said, sniffing hard. He chuckled and squeezed her tight one more time before letting her go. "So I guess now I'm asking for your help figuring out a present for my friend."
"Of course," Corbin said.
Jessica sniffed and chuckled again. "Weirdest day ever, right?"
"You're not wrong."
They started first at a downtown mom-and-pop toy store, but everything there felt too juvenile for Isaac. They wandered into a bookstore next, but it would be impossible to know if Isaac already owned a book without asking him.
"Are you a reader?" Jessica asked Corbin as he thumbed through a coffee table book on vintage arcade cabinets.
"Not really," he said. "I like books, but I don't really get around to it. You?"
"Kind of the same. But I read a lot with Isaac."
He put the book down and looked at her. "How so?"
"I always try to get into whatever the kid I'm babysitting is into, unless it's, say, smashing bugs or something. I knew Fortnite because of my brother, but I don't think I read a book for anything outside of class since I was a senior in high school. With Isaac, he liked crashing out on his chair and reading, so that's what I did too. Builds a bond, you know?"
"I think we're onto it," Corbin said. "Did you read books together? I mean, any books in particular stand out that would mean something to the both of you?"
"Yes. He had me read Thandi Merritt's Medusa High series." Jessica pointed at him. "Oh, you're good. So like a medusa statue, or something like that."
"Let's grab something to drinkand we'll look online. See if anybody's got anything like that."
They did, and over two iced tea bottles, they browsed their phones for medusa related merchandise. Corbin found some medusa paintings that were a touch too scary for what Jessica had in mind, but a few minutes later, she nearly dropped her phone in excitement.
"That's it. Right there." She handed the phone over. Bookends, one of them a medusa's face, the other one a coil of cartoonish snakes. Corbin grinned and she drummed her hands on the table. "The store's on the other side of the city. I'll have to go tomorrow and pick it up."
Corbin held her phone in one hand and tapped away on his with the other. A moment later, he held it up to his ear. "Hi, my friend and I were just looking online at your medusa bookends. Do you have some of those in stock?" A couple minutes passed, and he perked up. "Okay. Cool. We're over in Agramonte, and I know it's a big ask, but this is a present for a kid. Would you mind hanging around just a while longer and we'll come by and pick them up tonight?" He grinned and Jessica jumped to her feet. "Awesome, we'll be there as fast as possible."
When he stood up, Jessica hugged him again. "Thank you, thank you, thank you."
"Hey, you're welcome. We gotta hurry, though. They said they can only wait an hour."
She looked up at him, eyes gleaming with good humor. "And after, you're coming back to my place."
* * *
Jessica bought the bookends, and despite the evening hour, Corbin asked if she wanted to drop them off that night. She hesitated, then nodded. They drove to a beautiful part of Agramonte, full of upper middle-class homes, each unique but forming sort of a cohesive unit despite that. Jessica didn't say much on the drive. Corbin might have been dense, but it didn't take a genius to figure out that this was important to Jessica in a way that went beyond a simple gift.
She slowed for a big house, hesitated, then kept going, aiming for the end of a cul-de-sac. There she slowed even further for a beautiful two-story house with a truck out front advertising an electrician business. Her hands twitched, and she sniffed, staring up into the windows. After a long pause, she turned around and headed back for the first gorgeous house she nearly stopped at.
"Men are assholes?" Corbin asked quietly.
"No," Jessica said. Her voice was flat and nasal, but she didn't cry. "Not all of them. Truth is, I was the one who was kind of an asshole. I knew going in what he wanted. Who he was. I'm the one who wanted something different."
"I'm sorry."
"Me too."
"And the kid is his son, I take it?"
"Yuuup." She pulled into the driveway and parked the car. "Know Dakota and London?"
"I don't."
"The twins you talked to at the party right before you left. That's them."
"Oh, sure."
"This is their house."
"Oh," Corbin said. "It's a beautiful place."
"Mm hm." Jessica fidgeted. "Any other time, anybody else, I'd ask you to come with me, but I just need one minute with them, okay?"
"Of course," Corbin said.
"Thanks." She opened her door but hesitated again. Not quite looking at him, she said, "I'm glad you were with me for this."
"Anytime," Corbin said.
Jessica hauled out the bookends from the backseat, then slumped her way up to the front door of the near-mansion. It opened before she got there and one of the beautiful blonde twins stepped out, smiling wide until she saw Jessica's expression. They both looked back at Corbin, then began to speak to each other. The twin looked heartbroken, and took the bookends from Jessica. She stepped inside with the bookends and Jessica started back down towards the car. A moment later, though, both twins were racing out the door again. Jessica turned and the three of them embraced.
Corbin looked away. This was not his story and he wasn't a part of it. He let them have whatever strange goodbye this was.