For anyone who is confused right now: This series starts off following two perspectives, the male protagonist and Grace. So we will regularly switch over to her perspective. Don't worry, next chapter we'll be back with Sean and overall we will spend more time with him.
For any new readers: this story can be read without reading chapter 1, but if you want to read the full series I recommend going back.
Grace had been studying all day, not that she needed it. She was a straight-A student. But what else was she gonna do? She barely had any friends to go out with, besides, she had to get into a good college so she could move out of this shithole of a town.
She put away her books. The pages of her notebooks filled with hours and hours practicing math problems.
Grace wasn't so much a nerd, she was just very unpopular. She didn't care that much about her appearance, she didn't want to be a cheerleader and she hated all the drama of the popular girls. So she mostly hung out with a few other unpopular girls.
She went downstairs. Drank some water. Said goodnight to her Stepmom and went back upstairs.
She did play on the volleyball team and was rather good at it too, but volleyball didn't really get you anything, and even within the team she didn't really make any friends. The only real friend she had was Courtney and that's probably just because they had known each other for so long. Courtney was a lot more girly. She had long red hair, wore makeup and dresses. She was pretty much everything Grace was not.
Tired and stiff from sitting all day, she went into the bathroom, undressed, and got in the shower.
Grace usually wore baggy clothes. Always pants, never dresses or skirts. Her brown hair was a lot shorter and she never wore makeup. But while courtney was attractive, she did not have the perky C-cup breasts or the bubble butt of Grace. If Grace had wanted it, she could have been very popular with her looks.
After a few minutes of enjoying the hot water running over her body, she got out, dried off, and went to her room. She threw the towel over a chair and put on her pajamas. Finally, she climbed into her bed and closed her eyes.
Laying on her side on a soft bed, Grace slowly starts to wake up. Rolling over begrudgingly, she suddenly feels something poking her ass. Immediately her eyes fly open and she jerks upright. She quickly stands up and wipes her butt to ensure there's nothing there.
What she does find is a distinct lack of fabric around her tights. Surprised, she finds that she is wearing very little. Her Bust is on display as her blue top is cut deep to show a generous amount of cleavage. It ends just under her perky tits, showing her whole midriff and then some. Hanging low on her hips, a belt holds up her purple skirt, which just manages to cover her cheeks. Her legs are covered in sheer thigh highs, with white bows at the top.
What the fuck! I look like a fucking slut!
Finally, she looks around to see she is in the middle of a forest. Moss covers the uneven ground, ferns and other plants fill up the space around her, and there are trees as far as the eye can see.
How did I get here? If someone thinks this is funny, they went way too far!
Okay... now what? I'm in the middle of nowhere, with no directions, no phone, and no one around. I guess I could try to climb a tree.
Grace walks over to a tree with some low branches and starts climbing. It takes some effort, but slowly but surely she gets higher. When she is about halfway to the top, she just barely manages to pull herself up a big branch.
Kraaa!!!
Suddenly she is face to face with a big black crow. Recoiling, she lets go of the branch, and one moment she is halfway up the tree, the next once again laying on the ground.
The wind is knocked out of her body and for a few seconds all Grace can do is gasp for air. Finally, she lets out a groan as the pain starts to set in.
"Aah fuck, my ankle!"
Okay, at least I can still move it, so it's not broken, right?
She stands up and slowly puts some weight on her right leg. Immediately she regrets it and sits back down.
"Okay, so walking is off the table. Now, what do I do?"
As she is trying to think of something, the crow comes flying down and lands in front of her.
Kraaa!!!
"Yeah, fuck you too."
The bird hops up beside her and pecks her hand.
Grace tries to scare it away: "Get off me!" and swats at it. But the bird casually jumps away and pecks at her ankle. "Aww! Stupid bird, haven't you done enough?"
Apparently, it doesn't think so, as over the next few minutes it continues to peck her hands and then her ankle. Grace continues in vain to scare it off, before realizing it might be trying to tell her something.
"I can't believe I'm about to give in to a bird. There is no way this is actually gonna do something."
Carefully she puts her hands on her ankle.
"This is what you want right?" She says and looks at the bird.
The bird hops a step back and looks at her expectantly.
"You happy now?"
The Crow looks at her ankle, then back at her face.
"Focus on my ankle, is that what you're saying?" She sighs, "Ugh, fine. But after this, I'm going back to trying to hit you."
She turns her eyes back to her ankle and focuses. "This is dumb, why did I even cons..." Suddenly she feels a comforting warmth flow from her hands into her ankle and the pain starts to lessen.
"Oh my god! How...?"
Then she notices something else. As the warmth heals her injury, a different warmth starts to spread over her body. Slowly pleasure flooded into her. Her face flushed red as she recognized what was happening.
What the fuck! Why does that feel so good?
She noticed her nipples hardening and her pussy getting wet. Her breathing got heavier and her chest started heaving up and down.
Then she noticed the bird looking at her, its head tilted to the side, and she realized the pain in her ankle had been gone for a few seconds.
She took a few moments to catch her breath, her panties now noticeably damp against her skin.
"Okay... Guess I should thank you."
The bird gave her a small nod.
"Could you explain what just happened?"
Kraaa!!!
And the crow flew up. Grace followed it with her eyes until it disappeared between the trees.
"Alright then. Now what?"
Not sure what to do, Grace decided to have another look around. Checking the area, there were no signs or traces of anyone or anything apart from her own.
Guess I could climb a tree again, but that doesn't sound too appealing.
Wandering a bit further something caught her attention. Somewhere between the trees, something was reflecting a light at her. Curious, Grace started walking in that direction.
When she got closer she could see what it was. Laying in a small clearing was a long wooden staff. Intricate carvings decorated the wood until it came to a metal tip. The tip was about 30 cm (11.8 inches) long and a double helix ran from the base to a pronounced ridge ending with a rounded tip.
"Wow, this feels like some hero finding a legendary weapon. But there's no way that wasn't intentionally made to resemble a dildo right? If this has something to do with what happened earlier this is some real bullshit!"
She went to pick up the staff and as she touched it she once again felt pleasure. Not nearly as much as when she was healing her ankle, but like a tiny trickle leaking into her.
"Yeah, no, not happening, I'm out."
Grace threw the spear back on the ground and continued walking.
Despite not wanting to take the staff with her, it does seem like a sign she was moving in the right direction. It's hard to navigate an unfamiliar forest without signs, a path, or GPS, but as much as possible she kept walking in a straight line.
Which meant trees, trees, and more trees. To be fair, there were other plants, but somehow that didn't improve the situation.
It wasn't a pleasant stroll either. Uneven ground, and plant growth blocking her path, despite being in good shape, this was starting to tire her out.
The only positive of the situation was that while no one was around to help her, at least no one was around to see her embarrassing clothes. Still, Grace would probably take a little embarrassment to get a ride home.
Kraaa!!!
"Oh god, not again."
Grace looked up just in time to get hit right on her forehead by something heavy.
"Aww, fuck!"
Rubbing her forehead, Grace looked at the crow flying off again. "I thought you were supposed to be helping me!" She yelled at the bird, before aggressively flipping it the bird as it completely ignored her and flew out of sight.
Looking down she saw what hit her. The staff was once again lying in front of her.
"I preferred the pecking over throwing things at me..."
But the bird had helped her before, so she decided to give it another chance. Carefully she extended a finger toward the staff. At the slightest touch, she felt the pleasure hit her again. Grace took a step back.
I do not wanna carry this around. Before the weird stuff was actually helping me, but whatever this is, I want no part of it. I'll just keep walking and get home.
The one positive about all the walking was that Grace had some time to digest everything that had happened.
Okay, let's go over what we know:
I woke up in a forest, alone, wearing slutty clothes, and without my phone or wallet.
I have some magical healing power.
A weird bird is trying to teach me about this stuff or to somehow get me involved in something.
It wants me to take a weird-looking staff that makes me horny when I touch it.
So how does that help me? I guess if walking doesn't get me anywhere I should take the staff...
Determined not to let that happen, she stubbornly kept on walking. Getting more and more tired, she started paying less attention to her surroundings. Not like there was anything to see right?
Through the trees, she started to see more light up ahead. Walking faster, she hoped this might finally get her somewhere. But as she passed the final trees, she saw it was just another small clearing.
"Well, supposed this is as good a place as any to take a break."
She sat down against a tree at the edge of the clearing, making sure her skirt covered her butt.
Kraaa!!!
"Oh god damn it, I just sat down."
A second later the staff fell in the middle of the open space.
"Still not gonna take it with me!" She shouted at the bird already flying away.
How does it even carry that thing?
Grace decided to just continue her break and leave that thing behind afterwards. The sun pleasantly shining down on her, she closed her eyes for a moment. Forgetting everything going on for a second and just enjoying the calm around her.
But it didn't last long, as her eyes shot back open when she heard a loud roar behind her. Grace jumped on her feet and looked around. Through the trees, a huge humanoid figure was running straight at her. It was way beyond the size of a normal human and it was carrying a large wooden club in its right hand. It let out another deafening animalistic roar and picked up even more speed.
What the fuck what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck what the fuck what the fu
Kraaa!!!
Startled Grace turned around to see the crow standing by her staff.
Better than nothing I suppose.
Quickly she ran to the middle of the clearing and picked up the staff. Ignoring the pleasure coming from the weapon she once again faced the creature.
With a lot of racket, it burst from the trees and she got a good look at it for the first time. Standing well over 3 meters tall and probably just as broad, the creature towered over her. It had thick grey skin and the only thing it wore was a loincloth. Most importantly it looked angry, very angry.
Slowly it crossed the last few meters between them and it took all of Grace's concentration to keep the staff in her shaking hands pointed at him. Luckily that was exactly what she needed to do, as white mist spouted from the tip, surrounding the creature. The fell to her knees as a burst of pleasure hit her all at once. She let out a moan and her hand clutched between her legs as it unexpectedly overwhelmed her.
Enraged at losing sight of her, it bellowed another booming cry and started wildly swinging its club trying to hit her. Her good fortune saved her again, and the club passed way over her head as she was still trying to regain her composure from the spell she cast.
As she regained control of her body, she quickly crawled away from the creature, who was still trying to hit her in a blind rage.
Kraaa!!!
Now recognizing the crow as the thing saving her, she immediately looked where the noise was coming from. Sadly for her, it came from high up in a tree.
Oh not again.
Not knowing how long the spell would last or if she could otherwise escape from this monster, she decided to climb the tree.
Grace struggled to get up the tree with her staff. She was barely up a few branches when the noise behind her died down. The spell had worn off and the monstrous creature had found her again.
With renewed effort, she continued climbing. But the monster was approaching fast and reached out to grab her. She hoisted herself up a branch just before it reached her. She had given it her all, but it wasn't enough. Its ugly head was right in front of her, her body easily within reach of its giant hands.
With nothing else to do but fight, she swings the staff with all her might. It hits one of the fingers coming for her in a strike that would have seriously hurt any normal person. But this thing barely reacts and its grasp closes around Grace's body.
The creature almost seemed happy and its face contorted into something like a smile. It raised her above its head by her legs and started jumping around in celebration. Grace was shaking around, her skirt turned upside down putting her bright pink panties on display. Luckily she still had her arms free.
Okay, only have one shot at this.
The creature calmed down and looked up at her. Right then, Grace took her change and threw the staff at him. With a squishing sound, it hit his right eye.
Grace hit the ground hard and with great difficulty crawled behind the tree. Pain all over her body, she heard another deafening cry from the monster behind her. It had pulled the staff out and thrown it to the side. She had caused him great pain, but it only made him more determined to get her.
This is it I guess. In a moment this thing will grab me and it will all be over.
But that moment never came. Instead, she heard the sound of battle erupt again. Horses galloping, the monster roaring at its new opponents, and the battle cries of its adversaries.
"Die beast! You've seen your last sunrise!"
There was more, but most of it was a string of dwarfish curses so crude that I thought it best to leave it out.
She could hear the powerful impact of strikes on its body, combined with its cries of pain. Something heavy smacked into a tree on the other side of the clearing and out of the corner of her eyes, she saw flashes of blinding red light. Then it all died down.
Relative calm returns to the clearing and Grace uses the moment to catch her breath.
A low, rough voice calls out: "Come on out, girly. The ogre is down." Softer he continues: "Lillith, check on Sontar. See what you can do for him"
Grace stands up, dusts herself off, and reveals herself. As she re-enters the clearing, she first notices a friendly-looking man waiting for her. Wild long dark hair mixes with an equally impressive beard. He's quite short, but he looks wide and tough. Clad in heavy armor, he leans on a large warhammer at his side as he says: "Are you alright miss? Did it hurt you?"
"No I'm fine, did you say that was an ogre?"
He raises his eyebrows in surprise. "Yes, tough but not too smart. A pretty common monster. Not an adventurer then? Quite impressive to survive such an encounter, let alone hurt it, for a commoner."
"Let's just say I'm somewhat new to all this." Looking past him, she sees a woman hanging over a tall man laying against a tree. The man is unconscious and the visible impact on the tree behind him reveals why. The woman is what catches her attention. Her long legs lead up to a well-shaped ass in tight brown pants. From a tiny hole by her tailbone, a thin crimson tail comes out ending in a spade. Fairly long red horns slightly curve from her forehead, extending above her long black hair.
What the fuck! Is she some kind of devil? I guess they did just save me, but I should be careful.
The woman turns back to the rest of her. Her face is the same intense red and her eyes are solid black. Her large tits are contained in a tight black leather top, starting above her belly button and going up before revealing an appealing cleavage. "It's bad, Thordel. He needs more than I can provide, we need to get to the city and find a healer."
Fuck, I guess I need to use my powers again, I owe him that much. Hopefully, they don't notice what's going on or this is going to be embarrassing.
Hesitantly, Grace speaks up: "I... I might be able to help."
They look at her and Thordel says: "Are you a healer?"
"Something like that. I'm not sure if this will work." Grace finds her staff and walks over to Sontar and Lillith. Touching the staff, she once again feels what the earlier spells did to her. She sits down beside them and steels herself for what's about to happen.
"Alright... let's give this a try."
She puts her left hand on Sontar's chest and concentrates. The magic flows from her into his body and at the same time, the warmth flows into her. Her face turns red once more, but still, Sontar does not move. She trembles as she keeps the magic going far longer than before. She bites her bottom lip trying to keep her concentration. Just as she is about to go over the edge, Sontar opens his eyes. Grace stops the magic and sits back panting.
"Sontar, are you alright?" The woman exclaims.
Sontar still seems a bit out of it, feels his body before replying: "Yeah... I think I'm fine. What happened?"
"We took care of the ogre after you got hit. This girl saved your life."
He turns his head and thanks Grace. "I appreciate it." He extends a hand and says: "I'm Sontar by the way."
Grace looks up, still quite close to the edge, and manages to answer: "Grace."
Thordel butts in: "Well I'm glad we met like this, it seems to have worked out well for all of us." He looks around as the dusk sets in. "Looks like we might need to set up camp for the night. Why don't I take care of the body, while you guys make a fire and put up the tents? "
Sontar limberly jumps up. "Right then, I'll start gathering wood."
Sontar walks out of the clearing and Thordel starts dragging the ogre away.
Lillith turns to Grace, who's still clutching her knees together. She grabs her arm over her shoulder and puts her other hand on the small of Grace's back, helping her up. Grace leans on Lillith, her legs still shaky, as Lillith whispers in her ear in a sensual voice: "Some curious powers you have Grace."
Grace shook herself loose and took a few steps back. Her mind racing about what just happened.
Oh god, she knows, did the others notice, this is so embarrassing, fuck me.
But Lillith simply turned around and started unloading one of the horses. She took out a tent and started putting it up. Grace Sat down again and tried in vain not to look at Lillith's ass as she was setting up camp.
Soon Thordel came back and got out a second tend. Not much later Sontar returned with an improvised sled loaded with firewood. Trying to distract herself Grace took another look at Sontar. He seemed fully recovered from his wounds as he easily moved the large amount of wood. He was wearing a light tunic and wide breeches, held together by a sash around his waist. Most notable were his ears, which were much pointier than on a normal human.
Is he actually an elf? Wouldn't be too surprising at this point.
The group worked quickly and a full camp was set up not much later. The horses were tied to a tree and a nice fire was burning surrounded by three small tents. They sat down by the fire and shared a simple meal of dried rations.
It was Thordel who broke the silence: "So, you wanna tell us how you ended up here?"
Grace tried to think of an answer that would satisfy them, deciding, in the end, it would be best to stay vague for now. "Honestly you wouldn't believe me if I told you."
"Fair enough. Well, you don't seem dangerous and you did save Sontar, so you're welcome to join us on our travels. We're returning to Cleartide, we should reach it within a day or two."
Cleartide? Doesn't ring a bell, but I'm probably not anywhere near home.
"Thanks, anything seems better than staying here I suppose."
They continued their meal, Grace mostly staying quiet, while the others proved quite a lively crowd. Thordel enthusiastically shared stories of their travels. Apparently, they were beginning adventures, just returning from a mission to deal with some slimes having appeared in a cave further north. Sontar was not as boisterous but turned out to be an excellent lute player, as he took his instrument out of a saddle bag and played a soft but exciting tune. To which the others soon joined in, singing a song about next day's ale, which Grace was not familiar with. Lillith didn't say much of her own, simply adding jokes or quips when the moment was there.
Altogether, as weird as today had been, Grace was glad to experience some simple joy. Even if it was in the company of an elf, a devil, and as she was beginning to realize what was likely a dwarf.
After a while everyone started to get tired, the voices got quieter and the fire burnt low. "Alright then, I'll take first watch." Said Sontar, announcing an end to the evening. "Aight, I'll take second." Answered Thordel before walking off to his tent.
"Guess that just leaves me." Lillith looked over at Grace, who seemed unsure of what to do. "Probably best if you stay in my tent, I'll try not to wake you when I take over from Thordel."
"Thanks." Grace followed Lillith to the small tent. They had to duck to get in, it would be just large enough to fit both of them. Grace was taken aback as Lillith started taking off her pants.
"Trust me, better to sleep in your underwear after adventuring. It's not exactly the cleanest job."
Lillith continued stripping, revealing the crimson flesh underneath as Grace simply looked on, completely mesmerized by the sight in front of her.
When she was done Lillith sensually walked over to her. "You need my help? I can't imagine you're not hot after what you did earlier." Grace started to blush again. "I got it..." Quickly she took off everything until she was in just her bra and panties. Her crotch still showing a large wet spot.
"Now come on, you've had a long day." Lillith took her hand and they lay down on the small bedroll. Lillith spooning her from behind, one of her hands stroking Grace's legs, the other laying on her abdomen. Grace tried not to show how it affected her, but she quivered as the woman behind her touched her thigh.
She felt Lillith's breath on her ear and she could almost hear her smiling as Lillith whispered: "Must be hard, being this wound up from using your powers. Having to hide it this whole time. I hope we'll need healing again soon."
Grace had a hard time falling asleep that night.
Opening her eyes, Grace finds herself back in her room. One of her hands in her pajamas resting on her wet pussy.
Ugh, these dreams always end before the good part.
Usually, they're not this weird though. Nor do I remember them this well.
Whatever, it was just a dream. Time to get back to work. Though I might need a cold shower after that.
Grace got up, took said shower, got dressed, and went downstairs.
Her Stepmom had left a note on the kitchen table: "Hey baby, I'm off to work, I'll be home late, so don't wait for me with dinner. Have a nice day!"
She got some cereal and sat down in front of the TV. It turned on to the local morning news. "Eh, might as well."
"The biggest news of today: 3 girls have been reported missing. All students at Limedale High, but they have no other known association between them. 1 of the girls was last seen going to bed last night. 2 of them were supposed to come home late, it is unknown if they ever did. All of them were reported missing by their families. We will continue to follow this story. If you have any knowledge of the current whereabouts of these girls, please contact the police station. "
3 names moved across the screen.
Probably just out partying. They'll turn up by tomorrow.
She finished her meal and went back to her room.
"Back to studying it is then."
And that's pretty much what she did for the rest of the day. She tried to call Courtney in the afternoon, but no one picked up. She ate dinner alone, watched some more TV, and finally went to bed.
Back to school tomorrow, oh well, guess it doesn't make much of a difference when you spent all weekend studying anyway.