(I've started this new fantasy, based on a real need for a new editor. I'm not sure where it will go yet, but have several more chapters in mind, but who knows where one's mind, or libido, may take on. Enjoy, and please leave comments and votes. As always, all rights reserved by the author.)
Chapter 2
The next morning, I called Jason and asked him if he still wanted the job. Surprised that he was actually a candidate, he said yes. I felt bad luring him on, but with what he had already said in his interview, I didn't think he would be all that unhappy with the outcome. He didn't know that the only reason I invited him was to be a plaything for the girls. I told him to be there at 1:15, no earlier, no later.
I then called Juliet, telling her to be at my office at 1:00. She cooed when I told her to make sure and wear what she thought would be most appropriate when she was editing my manuscript here in the office in front of me. Her delicious laugh told me she thoroughly understood my request.
Celeste' and Juliet arrived simultaneously. I had just gotten them seated when Joanne arrived. I had Joanne and Celeste sitting on a love seat together, while placing Juliette in a chair positioned such that I would be able to watch whatever she chose to do with a perfect view. I explained the situation.
"I find all of you to be talented enough to become my editor. This is the final interview, at the end of which I will make my selection. As I ask questions of each of you, you must answer honestly and without any shame. Detailed answers are important." Each of them verified their understanding.
"And, all of you understand that the questions will be personal and will revolve around sex and porn. Right?" They nodded in understanding. "If any of you are going to be embarrassed, upset, or otherwise concerned about being involved in such a conversation with others present, it's best if you leave now."
Nobody got up to leave.
"Okay. Let's get started then." I started hot. "Joanne, when was the last time you orgasmed?"
"This morning sir."
"Were you alone or with someone?"
"I was alone."
"Were you fantasizing?"
"Yessir."
"Good. Juliet, did you enjoy reading my manuscript?"
"Yessir," she answered, quickly picking up on Joanne's submissiveness.
"Did it get you aroused?"
"Yessir."
"Are you prepared to show me what you did when got aroused?"
"Yessir."
"Celeste', did you cum last night?"
"Mmm. Yessir." She expected another question.
"Joanne, tell Celeste what was happening when she came while on the phone with me."
"I was riding your cock, sir. Just like she described what she wanted to do. She made me cum like crazy, sir."
"OH, my gawd!" Celeste' reacted, realizing that our conversation had not been private. About then the doorbell rang, announcing Jason's arrival.
As I got up to go to the door, I instructed the girls to look slutty when I returned. No exposed tits or pussies, but lots of teasing skin showing. They all giggled in agreement, surprising me. I had anticipated scaring at least one of them away by then.
I answered the door, inviting Jason in. His eyes nearly popped out of his head when we walked into my den. As well they should. They girls had successfully obeyed my instruction. Joanne had worn a button-down-the-front sundress that was barely long enough to cover her snatch. Her nipples poked at the quite thin material. She had it unbuttoned down to just above her navel, revealing the luscious inner slopes of her boobs, covered by a sexy pink bra. Her legs were akimbo, with one draped over the side of the love seat, and the other was crossed with one of Celeste's legs. Her crotch was wide open for viewing revealing a skimpy pair of matching pink panties.
Celeste', whose legs were also open, was wearing a pair of black panties under her microskirt. She had slunk back on the couch enough that her crop top tee had pulled up enough to reveal the under slopes of her breasts, barely covering her aureoles and nipples. Already obviously aroused, her nipples blatantly pushed out against her tee. Juliet had chosen to wear a low-cut white blouse that emphasized her lack of a bra underneath. The black miniskirt was pulled up enough to let us see her white panties. Her nipples also indicated arousal as they pressed against the blouse
I ushered Jason to his chair, which gave him a delicious view directly at the twats in front of us. I caught him up with what I had told the girls. I then set the stage for my devilish plan. "Each of you is here because you want the job of being my editor. You know that I write erotica. Many would call it porn. Which it is. I think each of you has a pretty good idea what I expect from my editor. I will choose that editor before the end of the afternoon. Now, each of you has at least one other personal itch or issue that you believe can be addressed by being my editor. At the moment, only I know what those itches are, other than you of course. If you expect to get the job, understand that your personal issues or itches will be known by all of us in the room before I choose my editor." I repeated myself to make sure they each understood.
I started with Jason. "Jason, do you still wish to become my editor?"
"Yessir!"
"Celeste', do you still wish to become my editor?"
"Yessir!"
"Joanne, do you still wish to become my editor?"
"Yessir!"
"Juliet, do you still wish to become my editor?"
"Yessir!"
Somewhat surprised by affirmatives from all of them, I adapted my plan a bit. "I will add by the way, that even though I will select an editor at the end of this session, I would like to keep all of you as story consultants for those plotlines of mine that may, let's say, fit well into your own sexuality and fantasies. Now, from here on out, make sure to be honest, and remember specifics in your answers are better than lack thereof."
I started with Jason. "Jason, what is your online tag? Your secret online tag?"
He fidgeted at the answer, but bravely stayed on course. "Eleven inch dick."
"Are you bragging, using that tag?"
"No, one of my girlfriends measured it."
I turned to Juliet, "What do you think of Jason's tag and claim?"
Juliet was a bit surprised with the question, hemming and hawing a bit before she answered. "Actually, that would depend on the mood I'm in. If I were not thinking about sex at the time, I would ignore it. Completely! But, if I were trolling the internet looking for some fun, it would certainly grab my attention. That said, the longest dick I've seen in real life was only about eight inches long. Yeah, I've seen longer in porn, but those are the porn gods. So, while I would want to see it, secretly, I'd be wondering if I could take it all. The ones in porn seem so damn big."
Both Joanne and Celeste' were nodding in agreement. I pressed them. "So, girls don't like big cocks? Is that just a male myth?"
Celeste' answered first. "Oh, no. I love being filled by a big cock. But, I have to be really wet before he fucks me. And, I mean really wet."
Joanne added, "Yeah, me too. But, with a big cock, I prefer to be on top. That way I can control the tempo, and enjoy the size."
I looked over at Jason, whose lower jaw was hanging agape. "Do you understand what they are saying, Jason?"
"Mmmm. Yes. Why didn't any of my girlfriends tell me that?"
Juliet answered, "Did you ask any of them, or were you too busy trying to stick that thing into their cunt, like most guys under the age of about 30?"
"Ouch. That hurts."
Joanne jumped in. "Answer the question for us Jason."
"Yeah, I guess once my dick gets hard, I forget about my partner."
Before the girls jumped on him too hard, I chimed in. "Yeah! I know I can relate. There have been many times when my cock head completely takes over my body. Fortunately, my partner usually enjoys it as well. Did you enjoy it last night, Joanne?"
"Gawd. Yessir. Celeste' tells a wild story."
Both Juliet and Jason looked a bit perplexed, so I explained what had happened the previous night. I took my time, covering as many of the details as I could.
"Both Joanne and Celeste' enjoyed the evening as did I", I added as I told the story. When I got to the point where Joanne was riding my cock, everyone in the room was fidgeting in sexual arousal. Anyone who walked in the room right then would instantly notice the aroma of arousal.
Having the group exactly where I wanted them, I continued the interview, so to speak, by asking Juliet, "So, Juliet, if you could do anything you wanted right now, what would it be? Don't hold back."
Juliet looked me in the eye and asked, "Anything?"
"That's what I said."
"Wellll," she stammered. "I'm horny, and I 'd love it if someone were to eat my pussy right now."
I looked surprised. "Right here? Now? In front of us?"
She nodded yes. I looked at each of them as I asked, "Anyone here interested in giving Juliet what she wants? Other than me of course. I'd love to taste her pussy juices."
They all squirmed a bit, showing some timidity at how quickly the conversation was turning lurid. Jason spoke up first. "I'd love to, but..." Looking at me, he continued, "Being honest, I don't know how to eat pussy."
Celeste' followed up with, "I've never done it before, but I do know what I like when someone eats my pussy, so I'm willing."
"Go for it," I said.
She gulped, but pushing Joanne's leg aside, she moved from the couch to the floor in front of Juliet. As she did so, Juliet spread her legs even wider apart. The crotch of her panties slipped between her labia, and we were all teased with a view of her wide-open crotch for a couple of seconds before Celeste' lowered her mouth to the waiting cunt. Within seconds Juliet was moaning in appreciation. The three of us watched as Juliet started writhing in the chair. "Does it feel good, Juliet?" I asked.
"Gawd, yes. She's tonguing my clit through my panties. It is turning me on big time."
Jason piped in, adding, "It's turning me on, too."
"Ok. You can stop now."
"Does she have to?"
"Yes, for a little bit anyway. So, I'm sure everyone here is feeling some level of sexual arousal?"
They all nodded yes, so I continued. "Obviously, those of us who write porn do it with the intent of getting the reader aroused. It is always my intent as a writer to get the reader to a state of arousal that they absolutely have to submit to their animal desires, and pursue a fantastic orgasm, or, better yet, several of them. So, most importantly, my editor must be willing to let go and enjoy the ride, while still enhancing and improving my story. If my reader happens to be alone, we want them to get so absorbed in our story that they masturbate to a fantastic orgasm as they become immersed in the fantasy that we have created. If they happen to be reading it in the presence of others, we want it to result in enjoyable foreplay and shared sexual intimacy as a result. Or maybe they're just reading it to turn themselves on and self-deny orgasm. Whatever their reason for reading it, we hope we satisfy their needs and desires. Celeste', why do you read porn?"
"Well, it allows me to live out my sexual fantasy, stimulating my imagination to make it feel real as I bring myself off."
"Singular?" I asked. "You only have one fantasy?"
"Mmmm. Yes!"
"And what is that fantasy?"
"I want to fuck my daddy."
"Ok, then. Juliet, why do you read porn?"
"Ummm, well, I'm always horny. And the guys I date don't have a clue how to please me. I try to write porn to communicate what I want, but I'm not very good at that. I just want the guy to take control and drive me crazy; making me cum over and over before he fucks me."
Joanne jumped in. "You go girl! That's what we want from guys. Make us cum before you shoot your wad." She was looking straight at Jason as she said that.
"So, Joanne, you prefer for a male to please you before they cum. Don't you want simultaneous orgasms?"
Joanne responded. "Gawd. That is such a myth. Most of the guys I've been with didn't seem to care about whether I came or not. Now," she continued, looking me straight in the eye. "You, on the other hand, made sure that I had cum multiple times before I ever felt that cock of yours buried in my cunt."
"Okay, and why do you read porn, Joanne?"
"That's easy. I love sex. All kinds. Reading porn makes up for the lack of sexual excitement in my real life. I do go through a lot of batteries, though."
The girls all laughed in obvious understanding, but Jason was just sorta' staring at all of them, in some disbelief. I got his attention. "And, Jason, why do you read porn?"
"I wanna' learn how to please a woman," he started.
"Bullshit!" Joanne called. "You just wanna' have something to jack off to."
"Well, there's that," Jason allowed. "But when I wanna' jack off and cum, I watch porn. Videos really get me hard and give me a great orgasm. Reading stimulates my mind and expands my sexual thinking. There is a difference."
I helped him out. "I agree Jason. Reading is more cerebral than watching fucking on the TV."
"Ok. So, here we are. I would love to hire all of you, but my finances can't go that far." All of them frowned in assumed disappointment. "But I think I have a solution. My writing covers a lot of genres, and I'm pretty sure that each of you might be challenged by one or more of them, while each of you could be extremely helpful in certain plotlines. So, I'd like to hire all of you, but pay you by the stories you edit. And, I have a crazy suggestion for all of us. But it is separate from being my editor."
They looked at me, somewhat quizzically. I was pretty sure they would go for it, but we were about to find out. Their faces did show quite a bit of interest in hearing what I might suggest. "It seems apparent that we all like to read erotica."
They all nodded.
"I suggest that we have a porn party once a week. We meet here, read porn, talk about porn, and enjoy each other in the process. I know it's out there, but... Before any of you say anything one way or the other, I want you to think about it, maybe talk about it before you decide. I'm going to the bathroom. I'll be back in a bit."
I returned five minutes later. They were back in their seats relaxed, but with big grins on their faces. Not surprisingly, Joanne spoke up. "We're in! When do we start?"
If I had to bet, I was sure they were all ready to start right then. I looked around the room at them, and asked, "Are you all sure about this?"
They all nodded yes, with Juliet adding, "We should start now. Especially if it means we get to see Jason's boner. My pussy has been creaming since I saw his bulge. I don't know about anyone else, but my pussy is sopping wet, and I want some relief. One way or another. Anyone else feel the same way?"
A chorus of agreement was voiced by all. "Okay, then. But, let's not rush things. Let's learn a bit more about each other. Juliet, if you were alone right now, and wanted to read some porn to get off, what genre would you select?"
"Hmmmmm. Right now, I think I would select something about orgies, since I think that sooner or later, we are all going to have sex together. And that turns me on. A lot."
"Joanne, what about you. What would you select?"
"Probably something about big dicks. I wanna' get ready for Jason there."
I turned to Celeste'. "And you?"
She giggled. "You know the answer. I would go to incest and look at Daddy-daughter stories." She looked over at Jason, snickered, and continued, "With maybe a brother-sister story thrown in for fun." Looking back at me, she asked, "What about you? What would you read?"
I smiled. "Hmmm. I think I'd turn to May-September and look for Professor-student stories. That leaves you, Jason. What would you read? I'm curious, especially since hearing your distinction between reading erotica and watching porn."
Jason, whose face had been somewhat flushed through the entire discussion, appeared even more embarrassed at the question, but he answered. "Probably lesbian stories. I'm hoping to learn from them. And, as for watching porn, if anyone cares, I like watching big boobs, and sloppy blow jobs."
Juliet laughed, responding, "I guess we've progressed way too far for one of us to declare 'TMI'." Jutting her chest out, her nipples protruding nicely against the fabric of her blouse, she added, "I hope mine are big enough for you to consider. Are they? Do you like my boobies, Jason? Would you like to lick them and nibble on them?"
Jason stared at her, his eyes devouring the sight of her hard nipples. I was looking as well and egged her on. "Why don't you show them to us, Juliet?"
Juliet stood up and moved to the center of the room, unbuttoning her blouse as she approached Jason. Freeing the blouse hem from her miniskirt, she slowly pulled the two side panels apart giving us glimpses of the inner slopes of her breasts. All four of us, the girls as well as the guys, watched as Juliet slowly revealed her perky breasts. Once her nipples poked free of the blouse, Juliet took them between her fingers and pinched them lightly as we watched. Looking at us all, she asked, "Is anyone else as hot and horny as I am right now?"
A chorus of 'yeses' confirmed that all of us were in similar states of arousal. "Mmmm, good," Juliet responded, as she shimmied out of her blouse baring her upper torso for all of us. Her breasts appeared to be a C-cup standing firmly on her chest. A smattering of freckles accented her pale complexion. Large aureoles and her turgid nipples stood atop her boobies. She twirled in front of us, giving all a great view.
She stopped in front of Jason and asked him, "Do you want to see more?"
An energetic nod resulted in her quickly divesting herself of her miniskirt, leaving her in only her white panties, the crotch of which was obviously wet with her juices. As she kicked her miniskirt side, she ran her fingers up between her thighs and across her camel toe. All her actions were focused on Jason who was rapt in attention as Juliet teased him. The rest of us were right there with him.
I had been watching as well but broke my gaze to see how the other girls were taking this. Not surprisingly, they had been watching, and already comfortable with being sexual with me, were both massaging their own breasts through their dress or blouse. Protruding nipples indicated a high level of arousal. I suggested that the other two girls show us their boobies as well. I figured it was time to let nature take its course. My dick certainly approved of my plan as I felt it throbbing in my pants.
The girls not only bared their boobies, they proceeded to strip, taking no time in getting naked. Jason slid his eyes over to the newly naked girls. His desire was palpable as he stared at three gorgeous hot and sexy babes in front of us. Joanne announced that the guys were overdressed as she dropped to her knees in front of me, proceeding to undo my pants and pulling them down. Celeste' cooed at what was happening and provided the same service for Jason.
Not stopping with just the pants, Celeste' pulled down Jason's boxers, finally revealing his huge dick for the girls to see. It sprang free, and I must admit he had a porn-sized dick alright. Even though I am reasonably well endowed, and confident in my manhood, I did feel a slight tinge of jealousy. He was clearly going to be an awesome lover, once he learned how to manage it and pleasure his partner or partners.
Celeste' was not to be stopped, having gone that far. Looking up into Jason's eyes, she said, "Warn me when you get close to cumming. None of us want you to cum too soon." And, with that statement, her lips enveloped the mushroom head of his cock. Poor Jason; he didn't know where to look. Juliet was still dancing and teasing her boobs right in front of him, while Celeste's lips were sliding up and down over the crown of his penis. I was pretty sure that her tongue was also teasing his pee hole. Joanne, not to be outdone was finishing her job of disrobing me, allowing my nearly 10 inch dick its freedom.
I wasn't surprised when Joanne started treating me with the same. Her lips were soon wrapped around my cock, which had fully hardened by the time her lips descended upon it. I moaned in delight, realizing that the session was now out of control. And that was a good thing.
As Jason and I received our blow jobs, Juliet continued to dance in front of us, having shed all her clothes by now, revealing her shaved pussy. When she spread her legs apart, her pussy lips glistened, obviously from her juices. She moved close to me, squeezing her nipples as she held her breasts only inches from my face. She looked me in the eyes and asked me if I wanted to lick them. My affirmative response was rewarded with her thrusting her left boob into my mouth. I sucked it in, rubbing my teeth lightly across her nipple and aureole. I locked my lips around her breast and started toying with her nipple with my tongue. I focused on her breast, knowing it helped me maintain my erection without spilling my load. Out of the corner of my eye, I observed as Juliet slid her fingers between her very wet labia.
Given the attention that Joanne was giving my cock, I needed all the diversions I could find. As I sucked her breast and licked her nipple, Joanne's hands slipped between her legs. I couldn't see what she was doing, but the flexing of her am muscles that I could see told me she was giving herself a good frigging.
"Gawd! That feels good," Juliet said. "My pussy is so fucking wet. Don't blow their loads, girls. I'm going to want to have a cock in me real soon. My fingers just aren't enough! Mmmmm."
Just as Juliet was talking, Jason pushed Celeste' away, saying, "Better give me a break."
Celeste' smiled, responding, "No problem! Great control. How about giving me some similar attention?" Before Jason could respond, Celeste' had laid down on the couch and spread her thighs wide open. Even before he could respond her fingers were massaging her own clit.
"Yeah! Sure!" Jason replied, and moved between her thighs.
I pulled off Juliet's boob and stopped him. "Jason. Slow down. Celeste' do you enjoy masturbating?"
"Oh, yeah! Who doesn't?"
"And you masturbate when you read porn, right?"
"Uh-huh."
"Jason, would you like to watch Celeste' masturbate?"
"Gawd, yes."
I reorganized us. "Hey, everyone. Let's take turns masturbating to an orgasm. We'll watch Celeste', then Jason, then Juliet, then me, then Joanne."
All of our bodies were fidgeting in a high level of arousal, but they all agreed. Just as Celeste' started into her pleasure, Joanne asked, "Is it okay if we touch ourselves? Or somebody else for that matter?"
I laughed, as it seemed they had all yielded control to me. I loved it. "Okay. Touching oneself or each other is okay, but no one can cum out of turn."
"Oooooh, way cool!" She laughed, and then asked, "Will you punish me if I don't follow the rules during our sessions?" She smiled broadly, hinting at the answer she wanted.
I threw the question to the group. Celeste' was the first to answer. "Oooh! I think absolutely. You should be, like, our daddy, you know. And you get to punish us whenever we misbehave."
Before I could even respond, Juliet jumped in. "Gawd, yes. I've secretly had a 'daddy fetish' ever since I started reading porn. The stories get me so hot."
Jason, added, "Works for me. I think I can learn a lot about sex from my new daddy."
Joanne finished it. "So, daddy dearest, will you punish us if and when we misbehave?"
"Yes!"
And with that answer, Joanne sat down next to me, and pulled my hand into her crotch as she egged Celeste' on. "Go for it, girl. I wanna' see you cum." My fingers slid easily between her well lubricated labia.
Celeste' already had two fingers plunging in and out of her cunt. Juices were oozing out and dripping down towards her asshole. She played with her tits with her left hand as her right hand continued to frig her pussy. "Fuck! This is hot," she said. Having an audience is so wild. Fuck. My orgasm is building."
She slowed down a bit, as I was sure she was intentionally dragging it out. Not that I minded. She let her fingers slide out of her love channel and slide up to her clit. "I'm really into clitoral orgasms, so watch and enjoy."
We did as she started rubbing her clit between two fingers of her right hand. It was clearly engorged as I could see it from a few feet away. Joanne was moaning lightly next to me as she ground her clit against my finger. I looked over at Juliet and Jason. He was mimicking me, sliding a couple of fingers between her pussy lips. Juliet was struggling; I could tell. Her body was trembling, and she struggled to keep her eyes focused on Celeste'. Meanwhile Joanne was increasing the grinding against my fingers.
Juliet finally pushed Jason's fingers away, announcing, "I am so fucking close. And Celeste', your pussy is so fucking hot. I can't wait to taste it."
"Shiiiiiit!" Celeste' screamed. "I'm cummmmmmmming! Fuck! Shiiit! You can eat my cunt whenever you want! Fuuuuck!" She continued to rub her clit, albeit a lot slower as her body slowly collapsed back onto the sofa.
Joanne, hovering really close to her own climax, announced, "Okay Jason. I wanna' see you cum!"
I pulled a bottle of lube out of a nearby drawer and handed it to Jason, saying, "Give the girls a show, boy!" Let's see that big thing squirt!"
Juliet chimed in, "Oh, yeah! Jason. Stroke that dick for us."
We watched as he poured some lube over his cock. He laid back in his chair as he wrapped his fingers around his huge member. After only a few strokes, he was moaning as his breathing increased. He took it slow and easy, clearly trying to delay his ejaculation as long as possible. Given the situation, I didn't really expect him to last very long, given the amount of sexual stimulation surrounding us. I knew I wasn't going to last long when it became my turn.
Joanne jumped in. "Give yourself a big load, Jason. I'll lick it off your chest and tummy. Oooh, and I'll clean your cock as well."
"Fuck!" Jason screamed as a torrent of spunk erupted from his dickhead shooting up onto his face and into his hair. The girls screamed and shouted and egged him on as rope after rope of cum shot from his cock. Even after he slowed his pace, jism continued to spurt from his cock.
Celeste' responded, "Wow! I've never seen a guy cum like that before. You're right Joanne. It's going to be fun cleaning him up."
I interjected my newfound power as Daddy. "No one gets cleaned up until after everyone has cum."
Juliet got up and moved over to the sofa, grabbing her purse on the way, and told Celeste' to move. As she laid back on the sofa, she pulled a small vibrator from her purse.
Celeste' protested, "That's not fair."
Juliet retorted, "I always keep one with me. Never know when it will cum in handy. Ooooh!" she moaned as she pressed the already vibrating bullet against her clit. After a few seconds her bullet was wet from her pussy juices.
Celeste' continued her protest, "I still don't think it's fair."
I liked the idea of them testing the boundaries, so I weighed in. "We are masturbating. We didn't make any rule about toys or no toys. Personally, I like watching someone play with toys when they're getting off."
Juliet playfully stuck her tongue out at Celeste', but then brazenly licked her lips as she pushed her toy into her love channel, moaning loudly as she took in a deep breath. She then started gyrating her hips, and we all knew or surmised what that was doing with that little bullet inside her vagina.
Celeste' stared at Juliet's sopping wet and wide-open pussy. "Go for it, then! Maybe I can lick your toy after you're done"
Joanne added, "I haven't cum yet, and I'm already sopping wet. And I can't wait to taste some of our jism myself."
Jason and I just watched as our cocks reacted to the show. Jason's cock had already rehardened and using some his own spunk he stroked it ever so easily. My cock was rock hard, but I didn't dare touch it, as I was that close to my own orgasm.
Juliet screamed, "Fuuuck! I'm going to cum. Really really hard. Fuuuck! Shit!" And with her last utterance a stream of ejaculate erupted from her urethra. "Shiiiiit!" she continued screaming as stream after stream of girlie juice continued to pump from her cunt.
"My gawd!" Jason screamed. "I've seen that in videos, but I thought it was all faked. That didn't look faked. OMG, that was so fucking hot. I am rock hard again."
"Down boy. For a little while longer at least. That was impressive, Juliet."
Still panting as she recovered, she rasped out, "I've never squirted before; at least not that I knew. That must be the most intense orgasm I've ever had. Ever! Okay, Daddy. Your turn."
I smiled at them. "Finally. You guys, and gals, have really made this evening quite hot. I hope you enjoy my show." With that I reached into the drawer and pulled out my new stroker toy. It was engineered to simulate a blowjob, and I had discovered it did a fantastic job, once I relaxed and let it do its thing. They all moved closer to see it when they realized what I had pulled out. I lubed it lightly and slid it over my erect cock. I moaned as it completely engulfed my manhood. I held it in position, my cock buried deep inside the toy. The girls quickly complained that they wanted to see my cock. I rewarded their begging and slowly pulled all but the head of my cock from the toy. I started pumping it back and forth, enjoying the pleasure of being totally consumed by it. It was only a minute or two before I could feel my jism building in my balls. I moaned, telling the group that I was about to explode with my orgasm.
"Take it out. I wanna' see you cum," begged Joanne. The others immediately piled on, demanding to see me ejaculate.
I slid my cock in and out a few more times, and just before I was about to explode, I pulled it out. Stroking it, I aimed my cock at Joanne, who was kneeling next to me, and already on the edge of her own orgasm.
A couple of strokes later I erupted, shooting a stream onto Joanne's face and chest. I shot a couple more squirts onto her; albeit nowhere near the explosive amount that Jason had provided us.
"Shiiiit!" Joanne screamed. "Fuck! That's hot," she added, as her right hand dropped to her crotch. "My turn," she panted as we watched her slip three fingers into her wet cunt. She tweaked her nipples with her left hand as she pumped her fingers in and out of her twat, screaming continuously.
"Give it to us," Juliet begged, as she moved between Joanne's legs for a close-up view. I thought for sure Juliet was going to break the rules and actually go down on Joanne as she loaned forward towards her crotch. I was surprised when she stopped only an inch or so away. Juliet blew onto Joanne's clit, commenting, "Your pussy looks so delightful. I'm going to watch you cum. Then I'm going to eat your pussy."
"Fuck! Yes!" Joanne screamed. "Soon. I'm almost there."
Juliet pulled back a couple of inches and turned around to face us. "And, I hope that my cunt gets some attention of its own while I clean up Joanne."
"Fuuuuuuck'" Joanne screamed as her body went into wild spasms of orgasmic bliss. It built for nearly a minute, with her screaming the entire way up and down. Then when she pulled her fingers clear, we all saw her juices oozing from her cunt for about two seconds before Juliet was munching down on her cunt.
Jason stared at Juliet's ass. Her ass and cunt were full displayed as Juliet had spread her knees wide apart, reinforcing her invitation to be taken. He looked over at me, and I nodded towards her ass, giving him permission to fuck Juliet. I added, nonchalantly, "Before you fuck her in the ass, you should make sure you have permission. I know she gave you permission to be fucked. I heard that. In the cunt is okay. The ass requires specific approval."
Jason's eyes were wide open. I realized he probably hadn't even considered fucking her in the ass. The cunt was inviting enough, after all. As the realization hit me, Juliet pulled up from her munching, and announced, "From here on out, I declare that all of my orifices are available to the group to use as they please." With that announcement, she dove back into Joanne's cunt, once again sending spasms of orgasmic pleasure the girl.
Jason moved over behind Juliet and pressed his hard cock against her pussy. Juliet pulled away again long enough to say, "Fuck me!"
Jason didn't hesitate, driving his meat into her cunt, pushing her hard against Joanne's crotch, who then screamed in yet another orgasm. As I watched, I felt Celeste' slide onto my lap.
"Daddy," she purred. "My pussy needs a cock. I haven't had a cock in me in over a week. Can I ride your cock, Daddy? Please."
Before I could even grant her permission, her hand was on my cock, guiding it into her juicy pussy. She was tight, but her copious juices allowed her to slide right down to my balls without any hesitation or obvious pain. "Oooooh, Daddy," she cooed. "Your cock is so big. It sure fills me up." And with that comment I felt her grind hard against my pubic bone, rubbing her clit against my hard body. "Pinch my titties, Daddy. I like it when they hurt. Make them hurt."
Celeste' was clearly into the role play, and I wasn't about to stop her. Even after cumming as hard as I had only a few minutes earlier, my cock was even harder than before. I looked over at the threesome, where Joanne was in the throes of yet another sapphic orgasm. Juliet took breathers from her munching down on Joanne to take a breath and urge Jason to fuck her even harder. Which he did. He was pounding hard into her, grunting on every stroke. The sweat on his body combined with his own ejaculate created a glistening sheen all over his body.
I felt my second orgasm building and I attempted to slow Celeste' down by holding her waist. But she was a babe gone wild, bucking up and down on my prick. I couldn't stop my eruption, pouring a load deep into her pussy.
"Yes, Daddy!" she screamed. "Cum in me. Fuck. I'm cumming toooooo. Shit! Fuck!"
Then Jason screamed. "Me too."
Celeste' was quick. "pull it out and shoot it all over Juliet's back!"
Jason did as he was told, his cock ejaculating even as he pulled it out of Juliet's cunt. He shot three or four more loads across her back before falling back on his thighs completely exhausted.
Celeste' wasn't done yet as she leapt off me and knelt down next to Jason and started licking his body. Moments later Juliet had reversed position and was helping clean him up by licking his cock and balls. Joanne looked at what was happening and then looked over at me. Seeing my still hard cock coated with a combination of my jism and Celeste's juices, it only took her a couple of seconds to crawl between my thighs and proceed to clean me up. She couldn't resist the urges and quickly had her lips wrapped around it. I too was nearly wiped and wondered how my cock could still be erect. I quickly found myself wondering what our next discussion session would lead to.
After another few minutes of clean up, the kids left. As they left, I promised them that I would provide a theme and homework for them for our next discussion to be had a week later.
Ideas from my readers on where this should go would be appreciated. I have several ideas but am looking for other wild and crazy suggestions.