Brian was coming around later and I didn't have the least doubt in the world that we would wind up in the bedroom. He'd probably spend the whole night and with a bit of luck I'd have a morning service as well. Knowing I didn't have all that much time before he was due I tidied up the bedroom
I was about to get changed into something nicer when it occurred to me that I really should pull the blinds. I was crossing over to them when I noticed that the room facing me in the house opposite was lit and Colin was moving around.
So I continued straight past the window, forgetting to pull the blind. I fiddled around at the dressing table for a minute and then returned to the centre of the room and got changed. I was giggling to myself as I did so, knowing that if Colin looked over he'd get a real eyeful. Quite by chance, once I was naked I had to walk back over to the dressing table and back again. Then I got dressed and left the room. I'm quite sure that Colin would have caught at least part of the show.
I should confess that I don't know much about Colin. He's new in the area and I haven't really had any reason to meet him. He's way older than me, middle thirties I'd say. He's rather slender, too, and I tend to go for bigger men. But that doesn't mean I can't have a bit of fun with an innocent tease, does it.
Brian fronted up late, and I was quickly pissed off with him. He'd been to the pub and had a few. He wasn't drunk, but his intake was noticeable. I suspected that it would be a case of a poor bed performance and then he'd sleep like a log for the rest of the night. And I could forget about the morning service. Brian would have a hangover. Any alcohol results in a hangover for him. I don't know why he bothers.
He was definitely horny. He dragged me off to the bedroom almost as soon as he walked in the door. I walked into the bedroom with the light still off and saw Colin's light was still on. Then Brian came in, switching on my light and Colin's light promptly went out. I just knew Colin was there, watching.
I did a strip tease for Brian, standing in the middle of the room, turning this way and that as I stripped. He was laughing and enjoying the view and I was getting a real kick out of the fact that Colin probably was as well.
When I was naked Brian divested himself of his clothes in about one second flat. He was all eager to just push me onto the bed and start fucking, but I wouldn't be in it. I made him lie down on the bed and then I straddled him, sitting up above him. In that position I started bouncing. My breasts, while not over large, are certainly on the larger side of average, and when I bounced on Brian they were doing a fine job of bouncing along.
All in all, I was giving a splendid performance for Brian, and it wasn't really my fault that we both forgot about the blind. I didn't know that I was providing a show for a neighbour.
I also didn't know that Brian had had a lot more to drink than I had thought. One moment the swine is erect and I'm bouncing, and the next he's asleep and his cock just shrivelled away. In mid stroke, damn it?
I was now seriously pissed off with the man. It seemed to me that I should maybe be giving some thought to getting a better grade of boyfriend.
With Brian out for the count I hopped off the bed, switched off the light and then lay down next to him to get some sleep. And I couldn't. I was feeling hot, both from my arousal and because it was a hot night, thirsty, like I said, a hot night, and just plain irritable.
I finished up hopping out of bed again, turning on the light, grabbing a light wrap and headed out to the kitchen to get a drink. Then I wandered out onto the back veranda to enjoy my drink and take in a bit of the light breeze that was there.
I was leaning against one of the veranda posts when a voice spoke, startling me.
"You're a real little bitch, aren't you?"
I'm like, say, what? Who the hell is that and where do they get off calling me a bitch.
"Excuse me?" I said. "Who the hell do you think you are?"
"You know who I am. I'm the target of your little performance."
Colin. He must have seen my light go on and then seen me leave the room. I'd forgotten the blind was still up.
"I have no idea what you mean," I said, standing tall on my dignity.
"Liar. You deliberately didn't pull your blinds so that I could see you balling your boyfriend. Have fun, did you, knowing someone was watching?"
"Oh my god. Were my blinds up? I had no idea. God, how embarrassing. I'm really sorry," I gabbled. "I'll make sure it doesn't happen again."
"You knew," came the cynical reply. Really. How dare he make such a wild accusation?
"Do you do that often?" asked Colin. "Maybe I could set up a camera and you could review your performance after. The strip teases weren't bad. Had a bit of practice, have we?"
Bastard.
"You seem to have decided to come over just to be offensive. I'll be quite happy to see your back as you walk away."
"Actually, being offensive wasn't the reason I came over. That's just a little extra I'm throwing in. No, the reason I came was to assist you."
Why did I not trust this man at all?
"Assist me how?" I asked cautiously.
"Well, I saw your boyfriend down at the pub earlier and he was knocking a few back. And probably continued to do so up until he finally came here. From the length of your performance on the bed, I'd say he didn't actually star in the bedroom tonight. So I've come over to make sure your itch gets scratched."
That little speech left me stumped for words for a few moments. I'd been propositioned often enough, but rarely as crudely as that, and by a relative stranger.
"Thanks but no thanks," I finally managed to say. God, the nerve of the guy.
"I wasn't exactly asking," he said. "You can consider this retaliation for your exhibitionism. Would you like to come over to my place or are you going to drop your wrap and let me take you right here and now? Just think. If you come to my place we can leave the light on and if your boyfriend wakes up he can watch you getting a real fuck."
I was spitting chips now. Who the hell did this guy think he was? Insisting we have sex just because I carelessly left the blind up. Anyone could make that sort of mistake.
"I said no. The way you're talking it's almost as if you're threatening rape. You might want to watch that or people will get the wrong idea about you."
"Ah, the right idea, in this case. If you don't agree I fully intend to rape you. I'm just giving you a choice of where. Here in the great outdoors or in my bedroom."
"You cannot be serious," I gasped, shocked to the core. "People don't do that sort of thing."
"Don't be an idiot," he snapped. "Of course I'm serious. Why else would I be standing here, naked, with an erection so big it's a wonder it's not slapping you in the face. And read the papers, sometime. Girls get raped every day, although not all of them by me, I will admit."
This was getting worse and worse. He was a serial rapist.
"How many girls have you raped," I said. Squeaked, really, I was so shocked.
"Including you?" he asked with a laugh. "That would be one. You should feel honoured."
Honoured that he was going to start a career of rapist with me? Funny sort of honour if you ask me.
"If you touch me, I'll scream," I said defiantly.
He laughed again.
"Who's going to hear? Your neighbour? That's me, remember. Your boyfriend? Drunken stupor I suspect."
He was right, damn him. Now what?
Now I got raped, it seemed. I didn't even see him move in the dark, but he was suddenly holding me pressed against him and I could feel his erection pressing against me. What was worse I could feel my pussy squirming and saying, hullo, I've been waiting for you. How the hell had I come to be so aroused?
The stupid wrap I had on was useless as protection. No buttons and I hadn't bothered with the belt. I might as well have not bothered wearing it. Then I wasn't. I was stark staring naked and now I could really feel his cock pressed against me. And it seemed to me that there was an awful lot of it.
Colin pushed me up against the veranda railing, leaning over it slightly. I had my legs clamped tightly together, determined to resist however I could. I changed my mind when he offered to spank my bottom until my legs were properly spread.
He didn't muck around with any foreplay. I don't suppose rapists bother about that sort of thing. He just pulled my lips apart, wider than I thought required and pushed into me. From the feel of what attacked me, he should have pulled my lips even further apart. I'll admit I was aroused, even if reluctantly, and I was certainly wet, but it still felt to me that where my pussy was concerned, Colin had an excess of cock.
I was too shocked to protest or squeal or anything. All I could do was lean against the railing, staring into the night as my doom crept slowly into me. Not that slowly, either. Colin would push and my passage would stretch and yield and Colin would push some more. His cock just seemed to keep on coming, and I could feel every little bit of it as it pressed into my passage and my body just closed around it.
When Colin gave one last push and I could feel his hairy balls rubbing against me I found that I could take all of him and I wasn't dead. Just slightly stunned.
"Oh my god," I said with a gasp. "It's too big. You'll have to take it out. Actually, forget the size. Take it out anyway. This is rape and you know it."
"Oh hush and don't be such a baby," Colin derided me. "You're a big girl now and you can handle this without any problem. Just relax and I'll show you."
Oh, gee, fancy that. I was a sook for objecting to being raped. How silly of me.
Then I was gasping as I felt Colin dragging that thing back out of me and, before I could jerk forward and escape, he was coming back in while I squealed loudly. The worst thing about the whole deal was that I loved it. I could feel him filling me and taking command and my body was almost jumping with delight.
To my utmost fury my body was literally jumping with delight after a few of those heavy thrusts. Colin would come charging in and I would feel myself pushing back hard against him, making sure he came in all the way.
Colin seemed to be settling down for the long haul. This wasn't going to be a wham, bam, thank you ma'am, but a long and meaningful coming together of two bodies that were united in pleasure. His description, not mine. I was too busy squealing and bucking under this monster's attention to have any breath left to speak.
I'd like to say the squeals were cries of pain and torment as my body was ravaged by this brutal assailant. Unfortunately, I couldn't even kid myself it was so. I loved it. It was magnificent. I'm quite sure I could nobly bear it if I was raped like this every day. Was I a closet masochist? I don't think I am. I have this lowering feeling that it was a case of I had been expecting sex and missed out and Colin had come to my rescue. Humiliating, really.
I wasn't thinking any of this at the time, mind you. I was just experiencing it, feeling it going on and on. Colin's hands were around me, holding my breasts and teasing my nipples, and his cock continued to push into me, again and again and again.
I have no idea how long this went on. It just didn't seem as though it would ever stop. I was reduced to mindlessness, ignoring everything and just concentrating on that cock that was destroying me.
When Colin started his end run I was astounded and dismayed. He was going to finish and I hadn't wanted it to ever stop. I wailed a frantic no, to tell him not to do this, but he just ignored me. Then he ejaculated inside me and it was as though the flood gates had been opened. That hot gush pushed me over the edge and I squealed louder than ever as I climaxed, losing all contact with the world as my entire nervous system exploded in turmoil.
Colin was gone and I was back in bed. I was surprised that I'd had enough strength to make it there. It had been a most strange occurrence. I slept.
When I woke in the morning I got out of bed straightaway. Brian was still dead to the world and probably would sleep for a couple more hours. I just grabbed my wrap and went down to make some coffee for myself. I'd just got downstairs when the doorbell rang. Clutching my wrap I answered.
Of all the gall. Colin was there.
"What do you want," I hissed angrily.
"It occurred to me that you would normally expect a morning glory when you boyfriend is here," he said. "With him probably still out and going to wake up hung-over, you're going to miss out. So I've come to help out."
I just stared at him, trying to take this in. There was a twitch at my wrap and looking down I could see Colin holding it apart, admiring my body. The first time he'd really seen it, I guess. Through the window was at a distance and last night had been dark.
He let go the wrap and I snapped it closed. I was opening my mouth to tell him to get out when I heard his zipper going down. Looking down I could now see what he'd used on me last night. My mouth was sort of staring at him in shock when he twitched my wrap apart again.
Colin took a step forward, kicking the door closed behind him. Then his hands closed over my bottom and he was lifting me towards him. I put my hand on his shoulders to push him away, or at least I think I meant to push him away. Instead, I found myself holding onto him as he gently lowered me on his erection.
I was just staring at him, and he was smiling, and I was sinking back down onto his cock, my body saying welcome home. I couldn't believe what was happening.
Reality has a way of making itself known. Colin was standing there, I was skewered on his cock, my legs had come up to clasp around his waist and my arms were around his neck, holding tight. Yes, reality whispered. He's doing it to you again. Have fun.
What else could I do? There was no-one to rescue me. I'd just have to suffer another brutal assault.