Copyright PennameWombat June 2019
The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental
This is the first chapter in a sequel to the "Mel's Phone Call" trilogy. Our core cast of characters were introduced in the earlier trilogy and they remain as big as life and hopefully will grow in new and interesting directions in an expanding adventure. New characters will also make their appearances and we'll likely see characters we've met elsewhere come onto the scene.
If you haven't read them I hope you'll be interested in Chris and Mel's 'origin story' in the trilogy that began in "Mel's Phone Call" and continued in "Mel's Phone Call, Part 2" and "Mel's Phone Call, Part 3," all in 'Exhibitionist & Voyeur Stories.'
Tags: Anal Sex, 18-year-old, College, Cunnilingus, Exhibitionist, Fellatio, FFM, Girl-girl, Public Sex, Threeway
*****
Hot Fudge
"You've kept this hidden from me," Mel said as she craned her neck from left to right, "looks rather interesting."
"Streetcar Square," Chris said as he used his right hand to sweep the view out the windshield, the entire next block on the right had a hundred foot tall water tower surrounded by 2 story tall brown brick buildings obviously quite old but wrapped in modern steel, glass and concrete highlights making it a shopper's dream.
"In the old days it was where all of the streetcars were housed and serviced," he continued as the traffic light turned green and he pulled away, "back 50 or 60 years ago before they got rid of them. Decided a decade ago to rehabilitate instead of tearing it all down. I figured we'd get here eventually but decided downtown would do. Anyway, see on the left, that's where we're going."
He pointed to a red brick building that occupied a good chunk of the next block, across from the main set of streetcar barns, where a large sign indicated a multiplex movie theatre with a listing of four movies and a second, red cursive lettering, sign for an ice cream parlor.
"Shelley's!" his black haired girlfriend yelled, "For real?"
"Serious as a heart attack," Chris said with a chuckle as he turned left into the two-level parking garage, "although someone's spelling it wrong."
"Too bad no camera, I have to get a picture of this to send to her!"
"We'll stop by this weekend, getting to the end of the roll anyway. Although I'm going to go broke with the developing."
"Think of the extra benefits you get," a husky rasp as her hand caressed his cock through his shorts, caused it to react, "a small price to pay."
He pulled the car forward to face the wall, turned it off and turned quickly to kiss the demon sitting next to him and caressed her breasts through the thin cloth, arousing both nipples from their parade rest. Then a car drove past and reminded them they were on a mission.
"It better be good ice cream, no cheap stuff."
"Think of the extra benefits you get," he yelped as she squeezed his cock at that, "well, if Jess is working tonight."
At that Mel released him and hopped out of the car. He followed on his side and they clasped hands and he led them into Shelley's. She leaned her head onto his shoulder and he felt her black tangle of hair fall across his neck and mix a bit with his chocolate brown hair, it was a bit askew with their earlier obstacle running efforts and quick sex in a Uni computer lab.
"Two?" Asked the woman at a podium just inside the door, the professional welcome exposed by her smile wavered and her word gained nearly a syllable as her eyes worked down Mel's body, their muscles acted on their own accord. His girlfriend was wearing his old soccer jersey that she'd taken for her own, all white but with a very faded red stripe just across her breasts, the skin-tight fabric thin from age and too many washings. He noticed the soft lighting on the stripe obscured the view of her braless nipples but certainly not their protrusions on her full and firm c-cup breasts.
But it might have been her pleated beige skirt that ended well above the middle of her athletic thighs, bare skin to her ankle socks and black Converse shoes, that met with the most disapproval. It was a style that Chris felt had unfortunately fallen out of fashion during his high school years but he was happy it was beginning to appear around the Valley, mostly at the Uni and at the more outre nightspots west of downtown and Mel strongly favored the look. That her bra was not the only undergarment missing Chris was sure would put this encounter over the top if the hostess knew.
Even with that hidden he didn't think the overall welcome was going to get friendlier. Mel held his left hand and stood slightly behind him and was looking around at the rococo decorations and seemingly paid no attention to the disapproving look. It reminded him of a couple of reactions at the malls the previous weekend and Mel hadn't shrank from them. The many empty tables unusual for a Friday but he guessed normal for the day after the Fourth, no families at the late hour so couples and larger parties of teens or young adults, this place acceptable to the mores of the local majority population which frowned on more robust dating options and so it stayed open relatively late. But none already present were quite like the couple who'd just entered.
Chris also considered they'd gone running and had sex before coming here. They'd toweled off in the computer lab but hadn't bothered with showers before donning these street clothes. Mel had said nothing about it and his inability to smell much of anything meant he didn't know if odor was a factor.
"Is Jess working tonight, Lorraine?" Chris asked as he read her name tag and tried to draw her attention.
"Oh, um," Chris could tell Lorraine's professional demeanor was in in battle with her personal distaste and hoped to get past before the latter won out.
"I've got 'em, Lorraine," Chris heard a woman's voice from his left, turned, saw Jess approach, "c'mon, I'm on the counter tonight."
Jess smiled at him and then at Mel, who returned the smile, turned and led them toward a counter with a dozen padded stools, two at the near end taken and the rest free. Jess stepped left to go behind it and Chris led Mel to the farthest pair of stools.
"Thanks, Jess," Chris said as he and Mel sat down as Jess set menus in front of them, "this is Melanie Caldicott, but just Mel. Mel, Jessica Humphreys, but just Jess."
"Good to meet you, Mel," replied the other woman as Mel reached across to shake hands. Introductions made, Chris watched the waitress's eyes linger downward long enough to be obvious before settling back up, full exposure to the air conditioning further enhanced the obvious shapes of Mel's nipples, her reaction to the gaze to sit erect with one hand on the counter, her left one holding Chris's right.
Jess glanced quickly toward the entrance with a ghost of a smile and back.
"Food tonight or just ice cream?"
"He owes me ice cream," said Mel, "what's good here?"
"I like the chocolate and strawberry ice creams," Jess said as she flipped a couple of pages to the sundae section, "our hot fudge is the best. Take a look, gotta take care of these folks."
"Her?" Asked Mel softly, no further detail needed. Chris nodded and mouthed 'yeah.'
Chris watched the young woman as the other couple paid their bill, he didn't know what tip they left but her face was genuinely happy, he knew her well enough to tell the difference. She was two or three inches shorter than Mel, her hair too blonde to be brown and too brown to be blonde and in a pixie cut with short bangs he'd never seen on her before. Apparently she'd tired of the ponytail or headband she'd always had to wear when working here before.
He was pleased when he worked out that her figure, obscured as it was by the loose black slacks and pink and grey fully buttoned blouse she wore as a uniform was somewhere between Shelly's 'almost none' and Mel's 'awesome.' He could be attracted to other shapes. But then he noticed that while her skin was paler than Mel's, her face had much the same smooth cheeks and sharp nose, with the same solid but not pointed jawline and chin as his new girlfriend. Both also had eyes so dark they were almost all black.
He stared forward into space with the picture of Sam's breasts and ass from last week's racquetball night and Jess's face morphing into the sweet and sexy girl sitting at his right when Jess set two glasses of water in front of them and jarred him back to the present. He noticed Mel had apparently been engrossed in the menu.
"What'll it be you two?"
Chris asked for a chocolate malt, Mel specified an eclectic combination of flavours and marshmallow topping along with the hot fudge. Jess chuckled and handed the sheet through to a window on the opposite side of the counter.
"Good thing Jeff isn't here," Jess said to Chris when she'd returned, "or his welcome would've made Lorraine's downright pleasant."
"Who's Jeff?" Mel asked.
"The owner," said Jess, "the last time..."
"Second last time," Chris interrupted, "I DID come back to apologize!"
"The last time this one brought his girl here," Jess began again, spoke to Mel, "said lady friend spilled a coke on a woman, got two guys to almost punch each other and told Jeff, the owner, to 'go fuck yourself, nazi!' Or something close to that. Your boyfriend, strictly speaking, is permanently banned. Fortunately Lorraine doesn't know who he is."
"So a question, sweet boyfriend," said Mel to Chris, "did she fuck your brains out after all that?"
Chris's regret meter jumped as he stared at Mel and heard Jess laugh, half in humor and half in embarrassment.
"Well," why deny it, "yes, she did."
"Was this girlfriend," Mel asked Jess, "an old, old, woman?"
"If by old," Jess said with a smile, "you mean old enough to know better, yeah, old. Maybe even almost 30. Ancient. I think I remember this one yelling 'Kelly!!' more than once."
"At least now I have a name," said Mel, "for the gravestone. He wouldn't tell me."
"Gravestone?" Jess's puzzled face.
"With the aid of a magic vibrator he fucked her to death and buried her up by a place called Herriman. He showed it to me, where he'll put me once he's used me up. I figure she deserves a gravestone."
"You dog," said Jess in what Chris hoped was mock disgust, "you dirty dog. That's OUR place. Well, I'd heard she'd disappeared, now I know what happened."
"No," said Chris as his stare swung from one woman to the other, not sure if Jess bought Mel's story and if so, what that meant, "she's not dead. Well, maybe she is. But it wasn't me. No one saw me. I never even met her."
Both women snorted at that.
"So," said Mel to Jess, "Herriman? That overlook?"
"Yeah, we were seniors, his backseat, his first time. Well, mine too. He was so cute and shy. Total pervert turned out, why I had to dump him."
A bell rang by the window and Jess gave a 'no one move' look. She collected their dessert concoctions and delivered them.
"I am not," Chris said as soon as she was back, "a total pervert."
"Yes, you are," said Mel firmly, then to Jess with a shrug, "fortunately, so am I."
Mel gave Chris a kiss on his reddened cheek.
"But this looks yummy," she said as she dug a spoon in and took a taste, "you're right, good hot fudge. But lucky me you dumped him."
"He's my dear friend," said Jess as she pinched his cheek, "what he was before we had sex... And we stopped quickly enough so we're still friends."
"That true? Going to stop fucking me?" asked Mel.
"Um..." Chris gaped, a spoonful of thick malt halfway to his mouth, "no, not unless you want me to."
"I'll let you know, when you can stop." Mel dug back into her sundae.
"So other than chancing being screamed out of here," said Jess as she watched Lorraine seat a new foursome, fortunately not anywhere she needed to service, "what are you two up to tonight?"
"He's helping me," said Mel, "I'm going to be a freshman at the Uni and he's showing me the sights. And he got me a job. And fucking me every way possible. And helping me chase the secret satellites that are crashing down on us."
The sudden shift from amusement to shock on the other young woman's face jarred Chris out of his half-misery from the self-inflicted review of his love life.
"How do you two know about it?"
"I worked out the orbit," said Mel between mouthfuls, "well, he did. I just gave him numbers to plug into his computer. We were up at a park when we saw the fireball. I counted the time and once he got me the maps and all that we worked it out."
"Your dad works for Titan Rocketry, up north," said Chris to Jess, who nodded, "I think that's what you guys told me, right? Designs rocket motors and the like for the military. He wouldn't say any more than that back in high school when I used to visit your place. He still a beanpole?"
"He's like 6 foot 4," Chris added to Mel, "and thin."
"Yeah," said Jess, "don't tell anyone, but they've been out there. They've got him and some others going back and forth to Nevada.. Where it crashed. He's nervous all the time and I think he's losing even more weight."
"What about the radiation?" Mel's question.
"Cover story I think," said Jess, "at least, he just laughed at that when it was on the news. But he hasn't really said much."
"Where is it from?" Chris this time.
"Oh," Jess said slowly, her eyes unfocused as she ran her memories, "he didn't say, but we know not to ask. But we only saw him over the weekend, then he went back. Just came back late Wednesday night, he was really quiet all day, we had a bunch of people over yesterday for our Fourth of July BBQ, told me and mom to not say where he's been and he didn't say anything, except a couple of times went away from the rest of us with other guys from Titan. He even went up to Tremonton today, not even the local office he mostly works at. They were supposed to have today off!"
"There are more up there," said Mel, her spoon finally still, "we're going up stargazing tomorrow night to find them."
Chris sucked the more liquid part of his malt through a straw as this time Jess went from surprise to distress. Then out of the corner of his eye he saw two guys and a woman, all about his age, get directed to the counter by Lorraine. Her face regained its professional composure as she nodded to Chris and Mel and stepped to the far end of the counter to deal with the trio.
"I'm a genius," Mel said quietly as she scooped up the last, partially melted bits, "she heard something about more."
They sipped their waters and silently contemplated the conversation. She reached her left hand over to again take his right and both rested on bare flesh just below the high hem of her skirt. He was glad of one thing, the surprise turn had hopefully taken her mind off of any more grilling about his past sex life.
"Think if I dump a coke on her," Mel said as she nodded at the woman sitting in the middle of the counter trio, "I could get her two guys to fight each other? Then I can tell Lorraine to shove one of these menus up her prude ass? And will that get you to fuck my brains out when we get home?"
"We can skip the prelims," he answered, "and I'll be happy to take care of the last part anyway."
He squeezed her hand to get a squeeze back.
"Get going, you two," Jess said when she came back, "this is on me. Forget the satellite, if my dad's freaked then it's something bad. Really nasty."
She reached across and took one hand from each of them.
"You be a good boy," she continued, "now you're with someone sane I'll call you, have dinner with me and Jimmy?"
"Thanks, Jess," said Chris, "anytime."
"First time I've gotten credit for being the sane one," said Mel with a chuckle, "explains lots about you, lover!"
They noticed Lorraine was away from the entrance at a table so they waved to Jess and walked out before the prude returned to her station.
Plans Take Form
"I might live after all," Mel said as Chris took his turn at the water fountain at 'their' little park on the bench above the graveyard, "since Jess proves not everyone you have sex with dies under mysterious circumstances."
Chris groaned. Tuesday and Thursday next week he'd be at soccer training so this week both nights after his shift at the lighting factory and hers at the insurance agency they'd put on their running clothes and she chased him up the steep hill to the high, flat spot, the second highest bench on the mountains overlooking downtown and the broader Valley. After seeing the fireball from this park the first night Mel had arrived in town they'd felt it was somehow totemic and made regular trips to it driving or running. As usual for these summer nights the little playground was full of parents and children most likely from the new housing development that had pushed up the mountainside to surround the park, the large grass area had a group of teens playing Ultimate Frisbee tonight.
Chris really hoped none of the people had heard when the tall, athletic beauty with the black ponytail talked about death from sex. With him.
"She's not dead," Chris reiterated his point as they jogged down the short drop and across the street to enter the much larger city park that abutted the cemetery, "and neither is Sam."
"Sam turned into a lesbian," said Mel as she turned and skipped backwards, "and saved her own life by avoiding sex with you!"
Mel laughed then sprinted but Chris this time just stuck his tongue out and loped along, he'd easily led her the first few days but the high school cross country and volleyball star was fit enough to have acclimated to the near mile high altitude quickly so she pushed him now. But he knew she was headed to the volleyball courts to join up with the folks they'd found the previous week. He'd leave her to that and run himself through a training regimen while watching not only Mel's but a number of other sweet, sweet asses on her fellow players. His cock twitched with thoughts of the night he'd spent with both Mel and her best friend Shelly in Mexico and dreams of Mel inviting any of these new friends to join them. He sighed and tried to get the blood back into his thighs for squat thrusts.
"You have a good camera," said Mel as they waited for their two pizzas at the Pie Pizzeria after their sports endeavors, "can you take pictures through a telescope?"
"Um, yeah," said Chris, then paused as his brain cells processed the question, "I have the adapter. But, I think the issue is the film. I need to talk to Maria at the Fine Arts lab about developing that roll we have almost finished and I can ask her. But of what? There wasn't anything there."
"I've tried to explain," said Mel as Chris collected the two pizza boxes, "orbital mechanics to you. Of course we didn't."
"Of course?"
"You worked out a nine hour orbital period. That means that if there are three then we hit the exact time the missing one would show. Needed to be three hours earlier or later."
"I don't know about hooking a camera up at the stargazing party," said Chris as they trotted the few minutes to their house, "I know people do, but usually to photograph the moon or a planet. Not point at random stars for 20 or 30 minutes."
"Not up there," she responded with certainty, "we need a scope too! A good one. But if we go up this weekend again we WILL see one."
Chris grunted, more in surprise than anything, and they carried on silently. As they turned the corner to walk the last half block to the century old house they were soon to vacate they saw a motorcycle just arrived in front of it, the slender rider pulled off a helmet, they saw the sandy brown hair cut shorter than Chris's and the friendly smile of Teresa Bingham. Mel jogged ahead of the pizza-carrying Chris and reached Teresa as she slipped her thin jacket off, her helmet sat on the motorcycle seat.
Chris raised a single eyebrow as he saw Mel wrap Teresa in a tight hug to have it returned and followed by a not very chaste full mouth kiss, Mel only fractionally taller. Chris had met Teresa and her twin brother Terence in a class during the winter of their freshman year and had quickly bonded as a study group that expanded into friendship.
Their Friday night group racquetball sessions had become a tradition that pulled in a rotating cast of other acquaintances and even Teresa's 'stealing' the cute and curvy redhead Samantha Taylor from him the previous fall had simply expanded the core trio into a quartet. It was his later relationship with the woman his friends dubbed 'Chaos' Kelly that almost did it in but her disappearance and his contrition had brought things back level. Even though Mel had only met the crew at racquetball not quite two weeks ago she'd seamlessly inserted herself into the now-quintet and Chris knew the three women had done some bonding out of his sight and the view made clear it was heartfelt.
"Hey, Teresa," said Chris as he hit the walk to the front porch, turned, the women followed and he felt Mel fish into his little pack to get the house key, "Terry coming?"
"Yeah," the sandy haired woman confirmed, "had a stop to make."
Mel skipped up the stairs onto the covered front porch of the old house, a few of the boards creaked ominously, the late summer sunset threw red hues across the sky. The top floor of the house extended to provide a roof over the porch and without a light on it darkened quickly.
"We'll eat out here," Chris set the pizza boxes on a small table on the porch, two chairs next to the table, "stuffy in the house. Couple more chairs just inside."
"I'll get us some waters," said Mel as she unlocked the door, "want one Teresa?"
"That'd be great," she followed Mel in and retrieved the chairs, her eyes and nose scrunched a bit as she scanned at the threadbare carpet, bits of peeling paint and other signs of a house well past its prime.
"Man," she said to Chris and pitched up her voice so Mel could hear as well as she added the chairs to the pair already at the table, "I bet you two can't wait to get out of this place."
They heard ice cubes tinkle and the faucet running, then Mel's clear voice.
"He's just lucky I already knew how good a fuck he was or I would've refused to set foot into this place that first night!"
The mixed look of embarrassment and pride that Chris managed was matched by Teresa's silent laugh and dancing eyes. Mel carried three glasses of ice water as Chris wrangled the paper plates and napkins from the Pie.
They noticed a small car slow and park in a spot in front of the neighboring house. Except for the glasses and unshaven stubble Terence Bingham was the spitting image of his sister, her hardly-there bust and hips barely differentiation from her brother. He walked behind his car to the short path and up the stairs onto the porch.
"Just in time, Terry," said Chris, along with Mel and Teresa seated and with an initial piece of pizza each, nods from the two women.
Terry reached into his pocket and pulled out a set of keys.
"For the new house," he said as he handed them to Chris, "front and side doors and the garage side door. Our uncle will leave the garage door openers behind this weekend. If your demon wants a set you can get them made."
"If? No if about it," said the black-haired demon, "but speaking of demons."
She stopped and finished her slice while three sets of eyes looked at her.
"We were at the library Friday," she resumed as Chris nodded confirmation, "and I pulled up the news articles about the disappearance of those two students on the microfiche. That girl, the succubus, Carole, was really, really beautiful, in the news pictures. No wonder all of these computer science guys are still nuts about her and any time one of them like my adoring boyfriend gets a girlfriend like me who is 'too good to be true' we're a demon!"
"Um," Chris said, "you did say you were going to take me to North Dakota for Christmastime. In winter. If that isn't demonic, what is?"
That got light laughs all around.
"The article mentioned she and a friend delivered doughnuts to a whole room full of Comp Sci horn dogs, I guess that TA was telling the truth, four years later and they still drool about it. But what I mostly remembered, did you guys notice that park across the street from the corner?"
"Yeah," said Teresa, "Bonneville Glen, our uncle said they just finished it couple or three years ago, they'd take the kids walking there."
"Well," said Mel, "that's the same park that Peter and Carole, the disappeared couple, would go to, the news articles said they were going there that last day, according to his housemates."
"Shit," said Terry, Teresa's mouth stopped chewing, "for real?"
"What the papers said," said Chris, "they searched the park, not like they found their bodies there or anything. Never found bodies."
"Like they just flew away from there," Teresa said, the response sad laughter.
Chris noticed Mel stared toward the street, although there were no people or anything else of note, her face took on a soft expression then her eyes focused again and she looked at him with a piercing look. Then she echoed their soft laughter, whatever it was wasn't for sharing.
"On that note," said Teresa, seemingly missed the moment as she and her brother had their own silent exchange, "our uncle said everything will be done by Monday. We can start putting stuff there whenever after that. What's your guys plans?"
Chris was happy to have a more prosaic item to focus on.
"We've been collecting things," he said, "we can move lots of items over next week in my car. Just my desk, the bed, chests of drawers need a truck. I have a bunch of kitchen stuff in the basement, plates, pots, pans. Still boxed. Never opened it here. Sooner we get out of this place and into an air-conditioned respite the better."
"Similar here," Teresa said, "Sam comes back to town a week from Friday and if we get a truck we could share the labor on the Saturday? Put her right to work. Bobby's still out of town, his muscles would be welcome."
"Sounds good," said Chris as Mel nodded, "I'll call tomorrow, good chance I can get my uncle's pickup truck. Couple of trips might do it for all of us."
"Just one thing," Teresa huffed as she pointed at her brother, "lame-ass here is going to be gone, his little Pammy wants him to come to Seattle so he can go on a cruise through the San Juan Islands with her family."
"No problem," Mel chimed in, "he'll just volunteer for cleaning the bathrooms for the first few months!"
Outvoted 3-1, Terry accepted his fate. A few minutes later, he'd stood up.
"Good night, all. I promised I'd call 'Pammy' tonight about the trip. That, or stay here with you losers."
He departed to raspberries.
"I'll get us refills," Chris said as he collected the water glasses to nods, the gathering darkness on the porch caused his cock to twitch a bit as it recalled their exploits so far on this porch, his housemates all out of town until late in the month and the shadows made it hard to be seen from the street.
"Going to miss this porch?" he heard Teresa ask Mel as he also heard some chair shifting.
"One of the few things, and the view of his bedroom," she said back, "but since the housemates will be back in a couple of weeks it's not like we could keep fucking out here anyway."
"And, there's enough dry rot I can SEE," Chris said quickly from the kitchen, Teresa's reaction unseen, "who knows how much we can't see and if it'll fall down tomorrow!"
He heard 'yups' of agreement and as he came back out the door he set the glasses on the table next to Mel's running bra. He looked up and saw her topless, glanced at a smiling Teresa.
"Hey, you," said Mel as she shrugged her shoulders, "time for you to earn your keep."
He sat behind her and she jumped when his cold hands hit her, but quickly adapted as he began to massage her back and shoulders.
"Ah," she purred, "have you ever taken advantage of this one's second-best ability?"
"No," Teresa said with a laugh, "but Sam has told me I need to get him to teach me, I just don't measure up. For that. Just that. I think we'll definitely be needing his skills a week from Saturday."
"Oh, Teresa," said Chris as he worked down Mel's trapezius and she closed her eyes and purred, the other woman's expression soft but with heavy-lidded eyes, "do you know anyone with a good telescope? This one wants to take some pictures, we went up to the stargazing but it would be kind of dickish to hog one there."
"As a matter of fact," she answered, "one of our many cousins here in town, spoiled brat. He had some sort of fancy one but of course lost interest after one night. I'll ask if they still have it but probably wouldn't be an issue, especially since we'd keep it at our uncle's house. But I know they're out of town until Sunday night, I could get it next week?"
Chris said a quick "yup" then felt Mel's hand reach back and slide under his shorts to find his cock, confined as it was in his jock, as she expressed thanks and promised more.
"I'll leave you two," Teresa stood, took a swig of her water, "to your fun. G'night."
She stepped and leaned down as Mel opened her eyes and lifted her head and they kissed quickly, then she smiled broadly at Chris.
"G'night, Teresa," they said in unison as they watched the tall, slender woman step lightly down the stairs where she stopped.
"Hey," she turned and said, "I have a court tomorrow night, would just be you two and me and Terry for racquetball? Seven."
"We'll be there," said Mel in a slow drawl as Chris nodded, although how well she could see that would be in question but it wasn't important. They watched her walk to her motorcycle, pull on her jacket and helmet and ride off.
"I have fresh ice," Chris whispered into Mel's ear as she leaned back into him, satisfied with the progress of her massage, and used both hands to stroke his cock. He used his left hand to grab an ice cube and she shuddered as he began a spiral around her left tit, circled in to find her half-erect nipple with the cube, drew a gasp as she gripped his cock harder.
He shifted the cube to his right hand and gathered a new one with his left to allow him to work both of her large, firm breasts, high on her eighteen-year-old chest, her large nipples almost always somewhat erect and now drawn to extreme prominence. She shifted his jock around until she freed his cock for direct contact with her fingers, his breath began to follow hers in going fast and shallow.
Her eyes opened slightly as a car's headlights played across them from their right as it turned from the street into the driveway between their house and the apartment building next door, a shared parking area behind the house.
"Curtains are open upstairs," Chris whispered as she pressed her nipples against his icy fingers, "see if anyone wants a show?"
"No more of that soon," purred Mel as he kissed her neck to ear, "the new place is too nice a neighborhood, decent people, not scumbag students who like watching an innocent young couple who accidentally leave their bedroom curtains open..."
She stood up and pulled him along by his cock, she turned and put her arms around his neck and buried her tongue in his mouth, he felt her nipples press into his chest as his cock pushed against her groin. She took his hand and led him toward the door.
"Maybe someone will clean this up for us," she said as he pushed the front door closed behind them. As they walked he freed his hand and lifted his shirt off, dropped it on the floor, followed by their shorts and underwear and then their shoes in a trail leading to the stairs, his quivering cock standing straight. They kissed as their socked feet carried them up the stairs and into his bedroom, she turned to fully embrace him as he flicked on the room light, their open mouths pressed tightly and their tongues explored deeply.
He thought he heard a car door shut through the open windows in his room as they stood in front of the spread curtains in full embrace and kissed for a few moments, their hands explored each other's bodies. She broke this kiss, reached back to undo her ponytail and kissed down his neck then his chest, one hand behind his back and the other stroked his ready shaft. She lowered herself to her knees and kissed his throbbing cock head while she stroked it before she slowly pushed her mouth to engulf it almost entirely, then she backed off, repeated it three more times before she released it to look up at him.
"Audience?" she asked softly as he rubbed her shoulder but avoided blocking the view from outside.
"Yeah, people trying to stay in shadows," this caused her to swallow him quickly to draw a grunt. She slowed to suck him fully on each stroke, as he looked down and slowly pumped his hips in rhythm. She released him quickly and sucked in one of her fingers then reached around him to press it against his sphincter, then pushed it in as she swallowed his cock once again. She pressed against his prostate as she removed her mouth.
"Can you manage as good a facial as that night a while ago, right after I got here?"
"I'll try, just keep going."
She sucked him in again, her finger applied internal pressure as he pumped himself in sync with her sucking, his breathing sped up as his mouth opened to pant.
"Oh, shit," he said, "ahhh!"
She released him and closed her eyes and turned her face up as he grabbed his cock and delivered the final few strokes, her encouraging finger up his ass, his first shot alongside her nose, one eye and her forehead to once again contrast sharply in color with her black hair. One more spurt covered her cheek before she took his cock into her mouth. She pulled her finger out as she slowly sucked his shaft until the spasms stopped. He lifted her up to kiss deeply as they embraced tightly, they broke the kiss to touch foreheads and he felt the cum on her skin.
"Man," her contralto gone baritone, something that turned him on deeply, as she rubbed her crotch against his still hard cock, "that and it wants more."
She kissed him quickly.
"You know what's happening," she said and he smiled, tampons had appeared in the house and for that he was quite pleased at their need.
"You know I don't mind, we have towels. Like last night."
"Don't feel like it tonight," she said, "but you can owe me ice cream. It's been a while. My vibrator misses me."
At that his cock jerked to full attention. They kissed, then she stepped back and they walked to the bed, she opened the bookcase headboard and pulled out the vibrator 'Chaos' Kelly had left behind and Mel had fully claimed. She handed Chris the bottle of lube and got onto the bed on her hands and knees before she lowered her head onto piled pillows to fully expose her muscular but round and lovely ass. He followed on his knees behind her and heard the vibrator turn on and her soft 'aahhh' as it met her clit. He slowly lubed up her asshole with one then two fingers then slathered lube onto his rampant cock.
"Fuck my ass like you mean it," she said in a raspy baritone husk, the vibrator pushed her onward quickly, "and give me cash and I'll go to Shelley's alone since you're banned. I have more questions for Jes..."
She yelped at that as he pushed his full length solidly past her anal ring.
"Let's give 'em a show, my beautiful black-haired demon," he grunted, she pulled forward and jammed herself back onto his prick.
After that it was only the sounds of flesh colliding, the hum of the dutiful vibrator and the grunts and moans of two people who might've felt pride if they knew how disappointed the parking lot watchers would be when they learned the young couple no longer lived in the big, old, ugly house.
A Lesson in Pictures
Once again Chris's eye was drawn to the darkened auditorium as they walked through the Fine Arts building on their way to the photo lab, the door was always open but he'd never entered. He shrugged. In the Photo Lab they saw one darkroom had the 'Do Not Enter' sign on, the other had a piece of notebook paper taped on with 'I'm in the other room, go ahead and do your thing. I'll be here late, we'll talk. M.' He looked at Mel and shrugged and they went in as he pulled the roll of exposed film from his pack.
"Hit that switch," Chris directed as he scanned over the negatives, Mel flipped the 'Do Not Enter' switch to off, "we printing all of these again? When's Shelly going to send US some good pictures, huh?"
"She'll make some," said Mel as she reached around and cupped Chris's crotch, "when she's out here. With Frank."
"Um, okay," he said slowly, "that's a plan..."
A soft knock on the door, Chris said "we're fine, come on in."
The door opened and a very attractive thirtysomething brunette slid around the door, opened it only as far as necessary. She had her long, straight hair pulled into a loose ponytail, her shorts were a few inches longer than Mel's, not hard to do, her sleeveless button-down black blouse nicely fitted to a bust slightly smaller and definitely less well-displayed than Mel's deep scoop t-shirt. Her skin was a shade darker than both Mel and Chris and she smiled broadly, looked up at both of them to make up for the few inches less in height.
"You must be Mel," she said, the slightest accent in her English, as she extended a hand that the younger woman took, "he's mentioned you."
"Maria, right?" Mel asked, a nod to confirm. Chris was simply ignored.
"You're his muse, I see," Maria said as she leaned against both of them in the tight space and scanned a panel of negatives, "I was wondering what had gotten into him. Hasn't been around and suddenly boom."
That last had just a hint of a pout in it that Chris wasn't sure was an act.
"Just getting ready to print," Chris said as he brought up soft lighting with the negatives set, "you can critique."
"I'm sure the fault," said Maria as she slipped her arm into Mel's, who took it and leaned into the shorter woman, "is all the photographer, not the model. We'll be outside, she can tell me about this will-o-the-wisp you're after."
Chris watched them leave as he fed the first set of negatives into the printer. When he came out they stood side by side, Maria's right hand rested lightly on Mel's left arm, her left held a print, apparently one from the first set that Mel must've brought in her bag.
"That's a very impressive picture," Maria said in a slow, appreciative voice, both sets of eyes flashed up at him then back to the print, "he must've listened to me at least a bit!"
He stepped to Mel's side and saw it was the picture of Mel on the hood of the old mining truck, she squatted with her muscular, bare legs well exposed, her blue blouse opened and her nipples barely obscured, the camera angle hid the fact she had nothing on under her short, blue skirt that contrasted nicely with the rusted red mining equipment. He also noticed enough to know that Mel had brought the full set, so nothing he had would be unknown to Maria now. Her smile and slightly lidded eyes confirmed that. He'd taken a short while to adapt his sense of personal space to her more intimate, Latin American one, but it appeared Mel had no such problem.
When he'd first met Maria as instructor of an elective course on photography to upgrade his hobby he'd been struck by her dark beauty. The significant age gap hadn't been as important a factor as her wedding band, though, in any reticence he felt. Despite that, his further experiences with Sam and Kelly had caused him to reevaluate their meetings and he realized now she'd been strongly flirting with him, his naïveté hadn't allowed him to read it.
But it had been his experiences with all three that had allowed him to read Mel's earnest if less polished signals in Guadalajara and even better respond in a way to draw them together. Without that he was pretty sure he wouldn't be in this lab with these two dark beauties.
"New set," Mel said and she took them in hand.
"These are pretty good," Maria said as Mel showed her each, "I can see that he really, really, likes you... But, I'm disappointed too."
Chris just stood there with his mouth slightly open, Mel chuckled softly.
"See, here," Maria pointed, "the framing is sloppy. Should have the subject, two incredibly attractive, naked, people, this way..."
She used a finger to show them, then she pulled another. A few more pointers and they were finished.
"Ok, I should have a copy of that one so I can use it as an 'almost example,'" she said as she closed toward him, pulled Mel into a close triangle, "it's obvious you need some close, personal attention. What's this about 'squishy stars'?"
"It's hard to describe," Mel said, "what happened. We went up to the stargazing party the last couple of weekends, the first one I saw nothing. I expected THAT, since that time slot would've been the one that crashed."
"I'm no rocket scientist," Maria mused, "but how could you know that?"
"We guessed."
"You guessed?" Maria's open mouth smile was accompanied by scrunched eyes.
"Made the assumption that the time it crashed was more or less the same time it would've been over us," Chris said, "so I used that as the baseline when this genius gave me the formulas."
"My drudge is correct," Mel picked up, "I used the time of the crash and backtracked the time to assume it more or less justfellout of orbit. I gave that to Chris and he set it up to try and fit various orbits. After that I guessed three instead of two, because that allowed them to be in line of sight and talk with lasers or something like that, so we couldn't catch radio signals."
"Lasers?" Maria's eyes scrunched again.
"Yup," Chris said, "back in seventh grade I built a science fair project. Used a flashlight bulb to transmit sounds. It works fine but you have to be in line with each other. And nothing in between."
"Like in space," Mel said, "at the second stargazing party I stared for twenty..."
"Twenty-five minutes," Chris interrupted, "but the guy who owned the telescope, Steve, didn't mind."
"Why not?" Maria asked.
"It had to do with Mel's shirt having, um," Chris said, "come unbuttoned. Somehow. He'd have stood there all night to let her use it."
Mel's broad grin and shoulder shrug confirmed it might not have been an accident.
"Anyway, finally, the stars didn't disappear, but something went past. For just an instant the stars went fuzzy, squishy, like a funhouse mirror reflection. I was pretty sure of the path and it fit, saw I think three stars."
"Ah," said Chris, "like a heat haze? Wavy, fuzzy."
"Yeah," Mel nodded, her hair bouncing, "that's a another good way to say it."
"Got it," said Maria, her eyes focused for a moment on empty space, "ok. Chris, give me a hand."
She led them to a locked storage cabinet, opened it, looked around then got on her knees and Chris noticed both he and Mel cast appreciative looks at her nicely round hips and an ass similar in shape to Mel's.
'No wonder you like her,' Mel mouthed to Chris, smiled at him, scrunched eyes back.
"Chris, move these," she pushed some boxes and crates out, Chris moved them out of the way, Maria crawled partly into the lowest shelf, "shit,mierde, ah, here it is."
They heard a rubbing sound as she backed out pulling a closed cardboard box.
"Put this up on the bench," she told Chris, he obeyed, found it heavier than he expected. Then he handed her the other items for her to stuff back into the cabinet. She stood up, rubbed her hands on her shorts.
"This," she said as she opened the box, "is a hypersensitization setup. If you expect to take sky pictures of squishy stars, this is step one."
Chris and Mel looked at a round, steel container and various hoses, gauges and pumps.
"Now, when do you plan to do this?"
"We're moving to a new house this weekend, getting off work at noon on a week from Friday, the 26th, that night we have two possible time slots, one the next night. Going up to the Uintas, we have a telescope from a friend. I've got two spots in mind, but the better spot need a 4x4."
"All weekend, camping?" Maria asked.
"Yeah, get gear from my parents' house, not a developed spot, so likely be clear of people, Forest Service land but going through my cousin's property saves a few hours getting there. My dad has keys to the gates. Been there deer hunting, a mountain top that's an easy hike is just above the treeline. Perfect spot and so far out no light pollution."
"I have a Blazer and my own camping gear," she said as a warm but shy smile formed, "and you definitely need more coaching on your photography for this job. I'll drive."
"Deal," said Mel, quicker on the uptake than Chris. Maria wrote some instructions on a sheet of paper and handed it to Chris.
"Get me this stuff, I'll need it for that Thursday morning, so you'll have to buy it before the 24th, before everything closes. Get it to me Tuesday night, okay? Then we can meet here Friday, leave your car. I'll write you a pass for your dashboard that you're on a school trip so they won't bother your car."
She pulled a placard off of a shelf and filled in the dates and handed it to Chris.
"This will be lots of fun," said Mel cheerfully. Maria looked at her watch and a grimmer expression formed.
"Gotta go, let's lock up," she said with a sigh.
With everything collected Maria locked up the lab. At the outer door she and Mel hugged then she grabbed Chris in a hug, he hesitated then returned it. She headed off to the staff parking lot with a wave.
"I thought you said she was married," Mel said as they walked in the opposite direction.
"She is," Chris said slightly puzzled.
"No ring," Mel said quietly, "her finger's got a slightly lighter bit where it would be... But she's really nice."
A Much Better House in All Ways
Chris and Mel's mouths were pressed hard together and their tongues pushed back and forth. The muscles inside of her pussy rippled to pull two more spasms from his spurting shaft to join the first shot he'd deposited with his deepest penetration. She wrapped her long legs around his hips, her arms around his shoulders and squeezed his cock tightly as she pulled his head beside hers, their sweaty bodies pressed together. She lightly nibbled where his neck met his shoulder.
"You mentioned the owner's secretary was talking to you about extending your job," she whispered into his ear, "I think she might be getting ideas. She'll know for sure to stay away she comes sniffing around today..."
"I can't even tell you what that hot blonde looks like," said Chris, "nor a word about her long, long legs, her triple D tits, her deep red lips that could suck chrome... Ow!"
The nibbling had been upgraded to a definite nip.
"Now get off of me," she said as she gave him one last full body squeeze, inside and out, then loosened her grip, "I need a shower or we're both going to be late!"
"I'll head straight from work and get my uncle's pickup," Chris said as he helped Mel out of bed, naked as usual save for her socks, "and maybe we can get a load across tonight."
"I'll try to sneak out a bit early," Mel said as she kissed him quickly, "if it's clear I'll put the car out front, save a spot for the truck. Honk when you get here!"
He nodded, a quick hug and she padded past the now-always-open curtains and out the open door to the bathroom.
Not quite nine PM that night they carried the second chest of drawers up the stairs and turned the corner into their new bedroom to place it. They hadn't figured out the optimal placement but they had enough room to fine tune.
"Let's get the drawers in here," Chris puffed, despite his regular workouts with Mel a full work week and his first two nights of hard soccer training had him dragging a bit, Mel putting on a good front but he saw an unusual sag in her eyes before she leaned into him and he no longer had the view.
"This place is so nice," she said, "I'm glad the twins like you."
He kissed her forehead then took her hand and led her out to the car at the curb, the truck was backed into the driveway to allow them to unload directly to the side door. They'd left their clothes in each chest drawer and put those in the car trunk and seats. They grabbed a couple each and headed in, as Chris led them up the stairs they heard a lilting, familiar voice behind them just as Chris hit the top landing.
"Now THAT is a sight for sore eyes," said Sam, Chris turned and could see her at the foot of the stairs, a huge smile as she looked up, her long red hair framed her face nicely. He was quite certain much of her joy was seeing Mel, who had decided that an extremely short pale red skirt with no underwear was the best choice for the first moving day along with a sleeveless red crop top and no bra. Indeed, Mel had the drawers resting on a leg bent and placed on a stair, her body weight on a straight leg one step lower, her torso leaned forward slightly.
"Hey, Sam," chirped Mel, "you're back."
"Yup, Teresa's just out here," she said, "is the car unlocked? We'll get some drawers."
"It is," Chris said, he noticed Sam had a tank top that Mel would consider excessive coverage but on Sam was quite daring, "we'll be up here."
Sam waved and stepped out the door, Chris and Mel finished their trek and slid the drawers into place. About then Sam then Teresa came in with two drawers each.
"Two left," said Teresa, "and I have something in Terry's car."
"I'll get the drawers," Chris stepped out and headed down the stairs and Teresa followed him once she'd passed her load to Mel. He balanced the last two drawers as he pushed the rear door closed with his hip, he saw Teresa heft a box out of the trunk, "Telescope" he could make out.
"Got it a couple days ago," she told him.
"Bring it up to the room," Chris advised as he led them into the house, "we have until next weekend to figure out how to use it and hook up my camera."
They entered the room and two sets of eyes turned toward them, Chris thought their expressions both had some tinge of guilty surprise to them but he had no idea why. Mel stepped over and took the top drawer and they slid them home. Then Sam wrapped him in a hug, her head hitting him to land where Mel had bitten him earlier.
"Hi, Sam," he grunted as she released him slowly, but his prick had already responded on its own accord and she'd nudged it just before she moved, the denim shorts provided minor resistance with the lack of underwear Mel had requested, "you're looking good."
"It was a nice trip," she said but without the full enthusiasm the words deserved, "happy to be back. She just got me from the airport."
"You guys eat yet, we haven't," said Mel, the two women shook their heads, "how about Bill 'n Ada's? It's a shithole but they like me there."
Both Teresa and Sam looked at Chris, their expressions agreed on 'my god, what have you done to this poor, innocent girl?!?' He shrugged.
"We'll leave the truck at our place," he suggested, "then meet you two there? We'll finish our place in the morning then get yours?"
Agreement was enthusiastic to the truck, somewhat more conditional regarding dining choice.
Chris was surprised that Saturday morning's breakfast spot in the basement of the Medical Towers Building was unknown to all of his dining companions. He'd given Teresa and Sam the address and they'd met him and Mel at its 7 am Saturday opening time. He'd simply told them that the 'Home Run' breakfast would see them through a day of heavy moving labor.
Mel and Sam had their perfectly matched busts in running bras with loose crop tops, nothing Chris hadn't seen Mel wear as often as she could, but something he'd rarely seen Sam wear outside of racquetball. His intuition was that the trip to her family that refused to accept her lover was Teresa and not Chris had triggered a change. Teresa was in her usual sleeveless t-shirt and her and Sam both had denim shorts that unlike what Mel usually wore had inseams that could be measured, Sam's wrapped her ass that was a mimic of Mel's rather nicely.
"I've never seen a mover," said Sam as they all sat at the counter with coffees, watched their breakfasts being prepared, "wear such a nice skirt as that, Mel."
"Being the brains of this operation," was Mel's explanation, three snorts in reply, "it's my job to keep my crew jumping."
Chris had been nudged to sit between Mel and Sam, with Teresa the other side of her girlfriend. Somewhere Mel had acquired an even shorter blue skirt than the one he'd always remember and he knew she'd again skipped underwear. He planned to follow her up every stairway although he'd need to fight Sam for that spot if last night was any indication.
"Hey Chris," asked Teresa, "is this place another computer science tradition? It's weird enough being in a medical center."
"Nope," he said, "soccer tradition. Big Saturday games, breakfast here."
The wide eyes on all three women as the home run breakfasts were placed in front of them gave them no doubt as to the why.
"Ham, sausage, bacon," laughed Chris, "hash browns, eggs, toast... Can't beat it."
"Good job, ladies," Chris said a few hours later as Mel and Sam finished wrestling Terry's queen size mattress into his room on the main floor of the new house, Teresa tapped his shoulder and pointed out the clear view of Mel's ass as she bent over, she noticed, stuck her tongue out and bent over ninety degrees at the waist and spread her legs. Once she'd released the mattress she reached her hand between her legs and flipped them off to get laughs in return. Each of the three had jostled the others for the best views up Mel's barely there skirt at every opportunity and he'd noticed not a few passers-by do double takes while they loaded and unloaded the truck and the cars.
"Terry going to be mad all his stuff's just piled in here," Mel asked Teresa as she stood straight, "not putting it together?"
"We moved it here," she said with a laugh, "while he's cruising Puget Sound. His problem."
Chris stepped forward and kneaded Mel's shoulders as she shook them then her head. Her 'aaahhh' was audible.
"Save enough for the two of us," said Sam as she put her hands on her waist and arched her back.
"Yeah, dude," said her taller sandy-haired girlfriend.
"He does his best massage work naked," Mel said as she closed her eyes and slowly rolled her shoulders into his hands, "so there will be screaming. Yours."
"All of that," he said as he finished the mini-massage with a flourish to both of Mel's ass cheeks, "will be later. Big stuff's done so need to get my uncle's truck back. My bike's out there so I'll ride that back."
Mel turned and wrapped her hands around his neck and gave him a quick kiss.
"We'll finish the stuff in the cars," she told him, "and order delivery from that Chinese place up on Foothill, work for you?"
"I'm not cooking, unless someone else volunteers," he said to various mouthed 'no fuckin ways,' "so fine by me. It'll take me about ninety minutes, traffic won't be bad this time of day but going to gas up the truck."
"Your family won't hold you up," asked Sam with a wink as they walked toward the side door, "we'll be fine here."
"Nah," was his answer, "Mel and I going out there to dinner tomorrow. You two are invited if you want to go."
"They're super nice people," said Mel, "no idea how they raised such a raging sexual pervert of a son!"
"Only reason you're with me," he said to that, kissed Mel quickly and hopped in the truck, "back in no time."
Body Heat
Good to his word ninety-two minutes later Chris squeezed his bike past his car parked in the driveway and parked it in front of the garage. He carried his helmet as he entered the side door and to his left saw Teresa at the worn table they'd moved in earlier from her and her brother's apartment, its age and condition would've been unremarked in his old house but here it was shown up.
"Go take a shower," she said to him as she put on some dishes and the like, "dinner will be here by the time you're done. Mel said she's put what she wants you to wear on the bed. She was rather specific about that."
"Oh kay," he said, "I live to obey."
He heard voices and something being moved around in the basement so assumed Sam and Mel were down there.
"We also decided we've done enough hard labor for today and to kick back rest of the evening," Teresa continued, "and use that awesome TV they left us upstairs. We have a VCR of 'Body Heat,' ever seen it?"
"No," he said as he hit the first couple of stairs, "but heard it's good."
On the bed he and Mel would be sharing, at least until she moved into the dorms when school started, he found an old pair of soccer shorts. Nothing else. She must've found them in a drawer during the move as he hadn't worn them in a long time, they were thin from washings and age and he wasn't even certain they'd fit. Even if they did, nothing would be left to anyone's imagination. He decided to clean up first and then worry about wearing them.
His hair combed but still wet he padded barefoot down the stairs wearing his snug shorts, tried to think anodyne thoughts that wouldn't make even the merest hint of excitement a public exposition. Walking barefoot was not something he was used to, the worn carpet and rough wood floors of the old place had made it unpleasant at best. He'd heard the doorbell and commotion so knew dinner had been delivered only a couple of minutes ago.
But even with smooth, polished floors and soft carpets he didn't expect that would change Mel's refusal to have her bare feet exposed. She'd arrived at his place with only three sets of regular undergarments, multiple pairs of running shorts, bras and shoes, and about a week's worth of other clothing but at least two dozen pairs of mostly ankle socks for what was originally a planned six day stay. Two large suitcases from her mother via bus and some shopping trips had expanded parts of her wardrobe but even with their active and varied sex life he'd barely seen her bare feet and had yet to touch them, when included in massages they were always covered. That she'd knowingly and happily exposed the entire rest of her body, as had he, to have sex on the old front porch and with the curtains wide and the lights on in his old bedroom made the foot obsession even stranger.
That he'd been in high school and barely a couple of years younger than she was now when he himself finally moved past his own refusal to bare his feet meant he'd noticed but did no more than shrug.
He turned the corner from the stairs to the kitchen to pass through to the dining room when he was grabbed and found his mouth clamped onto Mel's, her lips pushed his open and her tongue aggressively reached for his tonsils. Her arms were tight around his neck and he could feel her bare legs pressed tight against his, her left thigh forced itself between his to be pressed against his just-covered crotch. He felt some sort of thin, lacy cloth pressed between her breasts and his skin, her nipples firm but not fully erect.
After an instant he put his arms around her and felt the cloth, as he followed it down onto her ass cheeks he quickly noticed the bottom of it. Whatever it was he hadn't seen it but it was all she had on, save for the socks he felt as her foot brushed his calf. He heard some whoops and cheers. Then Mel quickly broke off and turned herself sideways to leave his now almost-painfully full erection not at all hidden by the shorts, his swollen and quivering glans exposed out the right side of the short inseam.
"C'mon," she had her left arm behind him and nudged him forward, "let's eat."
"My eyes, my eyes." Teresa wailed, her hands over her eyes with her fingers held apart to play at peeking.
"Whoa," Sam said, not even pretending to not stare at his crotch, her voice slow, "impressive."
Chris stepped quickly and moved to the right to hurriedly sit down, caught off guard by an obvious ambush. He pulled Mel toward him before she sat and pulled her head down to kiss him. Now he saw she had on an absolutely sheer, black halter top nightgown, the front a deep v almost to her navel and the hem not an inch below the bottom of her ass, her perfectly shaped tits and her trimmed, black pubic hair only emphasised by the barely there cloth over them.
Both Teresa and Sam had on sleeveless cropped t-shirts, Teresa's revealed a six-pack and quite firm nipples but not much else, an unusual but not unknown choice for her. Sam's was, in his experience, unprecedented. He wondered if the red crop top with oversized sleeves and short enough to reveal the bottoms of her breasts that were the equals of Mel's actually belonged to his demon or she'd acquired an identical one. How or if Mel had manoeuvred everyone into this he had no idea.
Finally, despite his inability to perceive the individual smells the food and his hunger finally broke the spell. There was a glass of cold beer already in front of his plate along with the others and Sam lifted hers for a toast.
"Here's to a good day, it's all here, someday you guys might unpack it all!"
They all laughed, drank, and dug in.
Plates collected for the dishwasher, another house bonus, Chris expended significant mental effort and tried to avoid popping out of his shorts again but Mel pushed her hips into him or caressed his cock as they all worked. He noticed Sam worked Teresa over regularly too, both in very short soft cotton skirts.
"You two go upstairs," Sam directed Mel and Chris, "get the VCR and TV ready, we're going to do up some popcorn. Be right there."
"C'mon," Chris pulled Mel and turned his back on the others just before another exposure, "I'll follow you."
Mel led them up the stairs and Chris put his hand between her legs to cup her vulva, felt the hint of moisture along each labia, she pressed his hand tightly to her as they made it up the stairs.
"What was this all about," he whispered into her ear as they hit the top of the stairs and turned left into the rec room, his right hand inside of her negligee to urge her right nipple to grow.
"We don't have the front porch or your old window anymore, miss 'em a bit," Mel said softly, "and I want to get Sam to loosen up. Shock therapy. Think it's working?"
The couple separated slightly to deal with the electronics, Mel's nipples showed her excitement clearly as she licked her lips and looked at an erection Chris had decided was simply going to be out of control.
"Looked like it," he said, "if this movie's anything like I heard that shouldn't be a problem in any way."
TV and VCR primed Mel quickly slipped a towel onto the cloth of the king size sleeper sofa that had been left behind, she sat on it quickly at one end and pulled him next to her. The sofa would comfortably hold all four although it would be snug, but before Chris thought too much on it he felt a hand in his crotch and his head pulled. He sallied forth his tongue to a renewed battle of the tonsils as fingers tugged and gripped his prick, pushed up the cloth to expose even more. He retaliated by pushing the cloth of her nightgown as high as he could, she lifted her right leg over the arm of the sofa and he slid two fingers into her moist slit. She'd obviously planned ahead with the towel as he'd found his face, cock and thighs covered with plenty of her cum and when excited her juices flowed freely.
"I win," he heard Teresa, "I told you they wouldn't be fucking yet."
"Define 'fucking,'" said Sam petulantly, "he's practically buried to the wrist."
Chris felt a hand firmly pressed on the back of his head to discourage him to do anything but continue his attempt to reach her tonsils. Mel practically laughed into him at the same time as her tongue attacked back.
"But she's only giving him a hand job," Teresa said as he felt someone sit next to him, right next to him, a bare thigh against his bare, left thigh, "for boys they're only fucking when that disgusting, ugly thing she has a hold off is pushed in and out of that beautiful, black-haired demon's luscious body."
"It's not THAT ugly," the nearer voice, Sam was next to him, "I mean, it's not cute, but."
"Anyway," said Teresa with finality, "I win. Where's the remote? Let's watch the movie."
"Hey," Sam nudged into Chris hard enough to rock both of them, Mel had pushed up his shorts to fully expose his erect shaft and he felt another hand suddenly grab it and squeeze, "break it up. We have popcorn!"
The extra hand left his cock and with one last mutual tongue thrust Mel released his head and he and Mel looked at Sam's twinkling hazel eyes, a big bowl of popcorn in her lap and in Teresa's. She handed her bowl to Chris.
"This is for you two." Chris pulled his fingers from Mel's now wet pussy and took the bowl and tried to adjust his cock to hold it. Mel pulled her left arm from around his shoulders and shifted so she could grip his cock with it to free her right for popcorn, the direct view of his cock now hidden from other two by the bowl, she nudged his suddenly unemployed right arm up over her shoulder and down where he pushed aside the cloth and exposed her right nipple as the movie started, the vanishing twilight outside left the windows dark and left only the flickering projection TV to light the room.
Most conversation had gone silent and Chris noticed four sets of slightly rough breathing as Kathleen Turner and William Hurt pushed the heat of two young couples upward. He was slowly grinding his hips to push his stiff cock through Mel's more aggressive grip and her fingers paid diligent attention to its head and she pushed her chest out and moved lower to allow him access to both now-bared nipples as she pressed her thighs together. Wordlessly she grabbed the not-quite-empty popcorn bowl and set it off to the side of the sofa.
Chris glanced quickly to his left to get his first ever view of Sam's bare breasts, their popcorn bowl also missing and Teresa having lifted the barely-there shirt to expose them for her caresses. Their sizes and shapes were indeed exact matches to Mel's but her nipples were less prominent. He also saw just a hint of red pubic hair between her muscular but not overly slender thighs. Sam's left hand had pushed Teresa's skirt up and the thin woman had enough room to allow the redhead access to slowly grind against her.
"Speaking of an angry one," Mel said with the husk she gained when horny, partially echoing a line from the movie, "off."
She moved her hands to his waistband and he hesitated but when Sam moved her right hand to it as well he lifted his ass enough for her and Mel to work his shorts past his obstructing shaft and finally he shook them down and kicked them aside to sit naked on the sofa. Mel's left hand returned to grip his shaft and he felt Sam's hand on his thigh, doing what seemed to him a nervous stammer.
Not sure what to do with his left hand he reached across to occupy each hand with Mel's large, stiff nipples. He noticed Teresa lean and whisper in Sam's ear and the hand moved from his thigh and hesitated at his cock until Mel wrapped her fingers around Sam's and gently guided both hands onto his cock and began stroking it. Sam moved her hands in sync in two crotches, her mouth open to breathe slowly, her eyes locked on the screen.
Chris had lost the plot of the movie and apparently Mel had as well since she started kissing his chest and worked her way up to his neck. She settled Sam's hand on the top half of his prick with her left still on the root and lifted the now free fingers to turn his chin so he could kiss her, their mouths touched slowly, open, their tongues urgent but much slower and no less resolute than before. He felt Mel's hand move to take Sam's and guide her to work the shaft, the head. He put his left hand between Mel's thighs and she returned her right leg over the arm to allow him to scissor her clit as he spread her wet labia with his fingers.
He felt Sam slide her body and put her thigh over his as she moaned, Mel slowly stopped their kiss and nudged him to look, Teresa was on her knees, her face and hand worked Sam's red-haired pussy, Sam's left hand caressed her lover's neck and shoulder, her chin lifted and her eyes closed. Mel pulled his chin back into the kiss, he saw a broad, happy smile on her face just before they met and he saw eyes closing along with his, whatever denouement the movie was moving to now ignored.
Mel left him and her hand worked around his as she soaked her fingers in her own juices and then moved it to wrap Sam's and his cock, the natural lube allowed both to stroke most of the length of his erection, she moved her hand to stroke Sam's thigh to cause her to moan again as she leaned her upper body into him as Teresa worked her clit.
They both reacted as Sam's body jumped and rocked them, she gripped his cock tightly as she rippled with the orgasm Teresa had brought her to.
"Shit, fuck... ah, Teres..." she said as she held the back of Teresa's head and rubbed her crotch against her, before her muscles relaxed and she sat back. She opened her eyes as slits as Teresa kissed her way up Sam's stomach and after a quick suck on each small nipple her lips met Sam's.
Mel freed herself slightly from Chris and quickly lifted her nightgown off and tossed it aside.
"Sorry, Sam," she said as she nudged Sam's hand and leg aside, "Teresa said boys aren't fucking until this hard, ugly thing is inside. I need it to fuck me now."
She rotated and rose to face Chris, her hands on his shoulders as she straddled him, his hands around her back and on her ass as she slid his cock between her lips and then adjusted the head against her opening and slid herself down and exhaled as she engulfed him, they looked at the two women
"That's disgusting," Teresa said, snuggled against Sam, her voice nowhere near as serious as the words, Sam silent but the look in her eyes less clear as she came down from her climax. Mel stuck her tongue out at Teresa as she rose and lowered herself.
"Try it sometime," Mel recommended, Teresa's expression made it clear that wasn't going to happen, she lifted and paused and Chris took up the slack by thrusting upward with his thighs to repeatedly penetrate her to get her puffing, "but wait until you see where I'm putting his prick later."
Chris bent his head to suck each of Mel's hard nipples in turn as he pumped himself in and out of her pussy, a sheen of sweat spread on their bodies and a light but steady flow of liquid ran down his shaft and over his balls.
"Now they're fucking," said Teresa, Sam said 'uh huh' in a faraway voice. Mel purred as she upped the pace and joined Chris in movement, their bodies met with a solid squelch at each full penetration, she pushed her chest forward and pulled his head tightly until she grunted out, to move him to the other.
"Give it, lover, now, fill me..." she said just loud enough for the full audience to hear. Chris's moan was forced out of his nipple-filled mouth as his hips jerked three more time, he felt her again milk his cock with her pussy muscles as their spasms subsided, she pulled his full length into herself as she settled onto his lap. She kissed her lover slowly and deeply as Sam and Teresa applauded softly.
Chris and Mel looked to their sides to see Sam topless and her red pubic hair fully visible between her widely spread thighs, one of Teresa's hands caressed Sam's shapely left tit and the other hand with fingers buried in the red muff. Sam's left hand was reaching behind her apparently finding Teresa's pussy in turn.
"Can you girls do me a favor," Mel said in as good an imitation of Kathleen Turner as she could manage as she lifted her body up, a trail of their mixed cum followed his prick out of her body, "and keep him entertained? I need a pit stop."
She stood and stepped over to grab first Sam's cheeks and give her a deep kiss then did the same to Teresa. Then she walked out the door and they heard the bathroom door close softly.
"Isn't it supposed to go soft or something," Sam asked as she looked at Chris's still quivering cock, the hands of the two women indeed kept him entertained. He'd decided to just ride this whirlwind out so he drank in Sam's body, firm enough but with her measurements on her shorter frame had a voluptuousness not present on his lover's athletic frame. Not that he minded but it didn't allow him to relax fully. They heard the bathroom door open and the sounds of Mel's footsteps had changed.
All three of them were rather surprised when the young woman strode into the room wearing five inch heels, to their view she walked quite well in them. Closed toes and heels, but Chris was surprised at the amount of foot flesh showing.
"Wow," Chris said as the slight softening he'd felt was quickly reversed, "those make your work heels look, um, lame..."
"Told you I'd vacuum wearing nothing but high heels," Mel purred as she leaned over and kissed Chris, "think these will do?"
"Yes," he answered as he lightly pulled both still-erect nipples.
"Here," she stepped to Sam and handed her a plastic bottle that Chris realized was their lube, his cock had another jolt, "I've been thinking you needed to loosen up..."
She leaned in and whispered into Sam's right ear, away from Teresa and the redhead smiled and slid slightly away from Teresa.
"But I think it's this one," Mel and Sam quickly nudged Teresa to the edge of the sofa as Mel quickly knelt and brandished her vibrator, Teresa yelped as it contacted her clit followed by Mel's quick lick the length of her labia and the vibrator was returned, "that needs a good thorough treatment. Bet you didn't know the nasty things Kelly used to do to him with this."
For a moment Teresa seemed for the first time in Chris's experience with her to be unsure but then he saw her eyes relax and close by half as she licked her lips, her mouth open. Mel worked the vibrator on her clit and used her mouth one more time then settled on her knees and her free hand on the floor. She looked up and shook her ass as she ogled Chris, a quick eye movement told him all he needed to know. He rubbed her back and then her ass cheeks as he positioned himself behind her, wondered what Sam and Teresa expected to have happen.
"Sam will help," Mel said just before she pushed her tongue into Teresa's slit, as she switched the vibrator to her own clit. Chris hesitated as Sam looked at him with what was apparently a question, he smiled at her and nodded very slightly. She knelt beside Mel, who was busy eating Teresa and alternated the vibrator between their clits.
"C'mon," Mel said in a quick, deep bark and wiggled her ass, "empty! Sam!"
Chris's eyes widened a bit as Sam shrugged, smiled and squirted way too much lube on her hand then she looked at him and grabbed his cock, the cool lube caused him to start, but he pushed his cock into Sam's grip and she warmed to the task and circled and stroked his cock until it was thoroughly covered.
"Don't get carried away with that thing, redhead" Teresa said between puffy breaths.
"Empty!" Mel added.
Chris took Sam's goo covered hand and moved it toward Mel's body but she seemed surprised when he directed her fingers to Mel's pink rosebud and not her also exposed pussy lips. He worked her fingers around the anus as Mel wiggled her ass back against those fingers. Chris decided to go for broke and directed one finger to press against and then into Mel's expectant butt, Sam pressed her body into his, her naked torso against his, he felt the cloth of the skirt she still wore against his thigh.
Chris pulled Sam's finger from Mel's nether hole and lifted the hand to kiss it and moved forward, he used Sam's hand to guide his ready cock to Mel's backdoor. Sam looked at him as he pushed it an and she moved her hand to caress Mel's ass cheek.
"Fuck," Mel said, "about time you two got that in there."
Chris used his right hand to hold Mel's right ass cheek as he took advantage of the overly generous lube to rapidly hit fourth gear, Teresa grunted as he jammed Mel's face against the thin, wiry woman's hungry cunt, the vibrator did double duty. Sam's mouth fell open as she stared at Chris's cock disappear and reappear rapidly, only the head remaining inside each stroke.
Teresa panted rapidly and pressed Mel's head, her own head arched back and her hips jumped as a wordless moan escaped her mouth, she forced Mel to stillness as she climaxed, Sam's enigmatic smile as she looked at another woman's bring her lover to a climax.
"Oh, fuck," Mel grunted as she kissed Teresa's clit one last time then lifted her head, Chris's enthusiastic ass fuck didn't slow as the vibrator was redirected to the demon's clit, "he's going to owe us all ice cream for this one."
"You weren't joking about the ice cream," Sam said with a light laugh.
"I... never... joke... ahhh," her words stopped as Chris felt Mel's anal muscles squeeze his cock and she sprayed cum on both of their thighs, Sam's eyes went wide at the sight.
"... about ice cream," Mel managed to finish, as Chris began to pant and then Mel and Sam heard his 'oh, oh,' Teresa momentarily insensate it seemed.
"Make him cum, Sam," Mel said in a tone that brooked no dissent, caused Chris to withdraw quickly, Mel's hand went to Sam's as she twisted slightly, "do it. Just stroke it."
In a trance Sam reached out and grabbed Chris's gooey and slick cock with her left hand, wrapped around it and with him helping pump he moaned as his first shot of cum went four or five inches to land just above Mel's ass crack, he went still as Sam kept stroking it to pump out more cum to cover Mel's asshole and drop down her perineum, a fair amount ended up on Sam's fingers.
"Ok, Sam," Chris put his hand on hers, "the well's dry."
She didn't release his cock until he nudged her fingers away, he held her hand as Mel twisted and wrapped her left arm around Chris and pulled him tightly to kiss him. Sam lifted her fingers to her nose, wrinkled it slightly, Mel released Chris and took the cute redhead's hand and kissed it, clearly gathered cum in her mouth and gave Sam no recourse but to taste it too with a fast, deep tongue kiss.
"Oh, yuk," said Teresa, her soft and exaggerated tone meant to indicate she was only somewhat serious as she sat back on the sofa with her legs still spread to expose her very satisfied pussy, "that stuff is nasty and dangerous. Don't touch it."
Mel pulled the towel off of the sofa onto the floor and as she moved to sit on it she pulled Chris along. She stretched her long, athletic legs straight and crossed them at the ankles, her heels still on. She pulled Chris to lean against her, her arms around his neck and caressed his chest and taut abs and kissed his neck, shoulders and hair, he put his arms over hers and nudged his upper arm against a stiff nipple.
Teresa seemed to suddenly sense her full exposure and started to push her skirt down and pull her legs together but Sam was too fast, sat cross legged on the floor and forced the legs to remain apart, she leaned her right shoulder against her girlfriend's sodden crotch and rubbed gently. Teresa seemed to shrug and took Sam's offered right hand to hold and place on the thin woman's thigh. Chris's half-closed eyes noticed Sam used her left hand to adjust her skirt so her moist pussy surrounded by matted red hair was clearly visible to him and to Mel, if the latter bothered to look up from her slow, sensual kissing and nibbling on his neck. He wondered if his cock was ever going to relax again given all the stimuli seemingly aimed straight at it.
"Now THAT was boy-girl fucking," Sam said with conviction, the room redolent enough with sweat, cum, sex and lube that even Chris could smell it.
The long-frozen big screen showed Kathleen Turner lounging on a tropical beach and not one of the young people had any idea why.
The High Country
"Did Maria give you any details Tuesday about that stuff I got? 'Forming gas,' ok, I know hydrogen and nitrogen," said Chris, "I've seen it for welding, not for film."
"Not much," said Mel, "I dropped it off and she had some other students in the lab, looked it over and said 'good job, see you on Friday.' Then she kissed my cheek. I like her. Then I came back and watched you and your lame soccer guys do what you call 'train.' I've seen senior citizens run harder than that."
"Try it sometime, when I watched you the most movement you did was when you shuffled two steps sideways for a new server!"
The one-upmanship paused as Chris pulled into the Fine Arts staff parking lot and they saw Maria standing next to a clean but well-used black Chevy Blazer with the rear gate open. She had on over the ankle hiking boots, much like what Chris and Mel were wearing, mid-thigh cotton shorts and a snug cotton short-sleeved shirt, unbuttoned enough to show just more than a hint of cleavage, all of it in beige, the cut and fit not unlike Mel's but the latter's had one extra undone button and was not surprisingly blue. She saw them and waved as Chris pulled his car into the slot next to it.
"Hey," Maria said, "right on time. Not proper student behavior."
"We try to subvert expectations," said Chris.
They transferred across the camping gear and a couple of ice chests of food and four large, metal water canisters he'd borrowed from the extended family's deer hunting supplies.
"The campsite we'll use has a seasonal stream," he said as explanation, "it'll probably be running but low. There's a dam a ways away but both need purification gear. Fine for washing, this is for drinking."
They also loaded his camera and the telescope, Maria had the metal hypersensitization canister and other equipment which kept it hooked up to the small gas cylinder. She also quickly showed them a couple of cameras and the most extreme telephoto lenses Chris had ever seen.
"Go put your car in the student lot," Maria said once they'd finished, "we'll come by and pick you up there. Got the pass?"
Chris waved the placard and set it on the dashboard as he got in. It would tell the campus police he was on a school trip to allow his car to be left over the weekend. Maybe shading the truth but it was summer and the parking lots wouldn't be full.
"Turn here," Chris directed about two hours later, the sign said 'Hanna' and 'Tabiona' and had an arrow pointing straight ahead, "about another 45 minutes, then we'll lose pavement. Another hour after that. We should have enough light to set up camp. Satellite window is just after midnight."
"What's it called," Mel asked, "Brown something?"
"Brown Duck Mountain," said Chris, "or that's near to."
Maria turned the Blazer onto the small, two lane road surrounded by farm and ranch land. Most of the discussion so far had been anodyne, mainly Chris and Mel being circumspect about the manner of meeting and subsequent relationship.
"What you're not saying," Maria said as Chris detected a change in her tone, "is you two fucked like maniacs in Mexico and still haven't gotten enough of each other. And you convinced your cute little blonde friend join in. Am I warm?"
Chris was momentarily speechless in the back seat but Mel laughed.
"Yeah," Mel said, "an older and very experienced man seduced two innocent maidens from North Dakota. We tried to resist but alas, we were powerless."
"I thought it was Chris," Maria said with a laugh.
"Hey, wait..." from the back seat.
"Fair enough," said Mel, whose tone darkened a bit, "so why were you so happy to come with us this weekend?"
"You two have no hope," she said with fake gaiety, "without me running the cameras."
A few moments passed in silence.
"And, well," she continued less cheerily, "this promises to be much more enjoyable than anything for me back in the Valley."
"Your ring..." said Mel very softly.
"Yeah," Maria said, paused three heartbeats, "you two are the brightest spots in my summer by far. Your crazy stories about Mexico and wild sex and ice cream and Black Cloud back there causing alien satellites to fall out of the sky, means I have hope."
"What?!?"
"Quiet," said Mel with a chirp in her voice, "back there. Women are talking. You know what you are."
He was Black Cloud because his relatives had always decided it was his fault farm equipment broke. Even when he was nowhere near it. Like a satellite over 20,000 kilometres up in the sky.
Not quite an hour and Chris directed them onto a well-maintained gravel road, twenty minutes in and one more turn to allow him to unlock then close a gate behind them. Another thirty minutes and one more gate. A brown Forest Service sign read 'Ashley National Forest' as they continued on gravel roads, considerable dust kicked up in the dry late July conditions. They'd left behind other traffic but saw some trucks at a spot called Upper Stillwater Campground.
"Ok," said Chris, "at the split trunk turn left. That's where the Blazer will have to earn its keep."
"Split trunk," Maria started to ask then went silent when she saw a what must have been the bottom half of a huge pine, only the bottom thirty feet remaining and that split lengthwise.
"Lightning?" Mel asked, as Maria turned then stopped the Chevy as she analyzed the rough road and steep grade.
"Chris," she started, as he hopped out the driver's side back door.
"On it, locking hubs," he said as he rotated each front hub in turn to enable all wheel drive then came around to hop back in, "onward. Up over this ridge, similar down, then we'll follow a valley which is usually pretty decent."
He was right, some washouts but the roads weren't bad and they made good speed once over the ridge. An hour after passing Upper Stillwater he directed her into a clearing amongst tall trees and shielded by a ridge to the north. She parked the Blazer and they all got out to stretch.
"See in there," he pointed into some trees at a wooden building against the ridge and on the other side of a small stream, "we built an outhouse. No flushing water but better than nothing."
"Works for us," he heard in stereo as both women headed that direction, his demon lover a few inches taller than the shapely older woman, whose hips were a bit broader but he felt his crotch twitch especially when he saw Mel take the darker-skinned hand of the other. He tried not to think too much about it as he began to pull out the camping gear.
It took them about 90 minutes to set up the two tents and a camp stove and prep their photography equipment for the hike up the ridge.
"We're losing light, I'll show you the track up the ridge," he said as pulled a two foot long metal stake with a reflector on top and stuck it into the ground., "these'll mark it for our walking in the dark."
He grabbed a bag and led them out, Maria had a camera and had already taken a few shots of the camp. Near the top of the ridge they came out of the trees.
"We need good views to the southwest and southeast," Mel said, as she looked at her compass and an opened notebook of pages with orbital details, "just here anywhere."
"You guys did all this," Maria said as she stood at Mel's elbow and read the paper in the dimming twilight, "that's impressive."
"Dr. Carlstrom authorized me to have some Independent Study computer time over the summer," Chris said, "I've pretty well blown it all. So this better pan out or we're back to doing it all by hand."
"Just remember," cooed Mel as her voice became husky and her hand went to his crotch, "the benefits you get helping me make discoveries."
Chris saw Maria's grin just before she turned but he swore her shoulders were shaking. Then he placed the last of the reflectors in a circle and pulled out his flashlight.
"C'mon," he said, "I'll cook the steaks for dinner. I've learned Mel cooking is a bad idea and Maria drove all the way. My turn. Stuck with the camp stove, fires are banned right now."
That was met with enthusiasm.
Back on the ridge just after midnight with everyone in jeans and sweatshirts with more gear ready. They'd turned off the camp lanterns to get their night vision back and were using Chris's red night vision lamps.
"I've loaded Chris's camera on the telescope," Maria said, "and this one on the telephoto with hypersensitized film. I have two more rolls for tomorrow back on gas, although I could only use a hand pump here,"
"You need to explain to me what all this is," Chris said.
"Well, young man," Maria said, then she kissed his cheek, "I taught you everything YOU know, not everything I know!"
Mel laughed, she held her notebook and a binder with their printouts. Once they were settled they used the telescope to take photos of the moon and Uranus just before they set, then the bright Jupiter and Neptune. Maria explained that they'd use those to check the accuracy of the Kodak film as well as the scope and lenses.
"Also," Mel said, "tomorrow night if we're right, Jupiter will have moved just enough to be occluded by one of the satellites during its passage. We'll want plenty of Jupiter pictures to compare."
"Twenty minutes to LGM-time," said Chris as he looked at his watch.
"LGM time?" asked Maria. He couldn't quite see her expression but he could hear it.
"Little Green Men time," Mel said with a laugh, "WE know these are alien satellites. Nothing else makes sense. Only the US or Soviets could launch these, no Bond villains running around."
10 minutes before LGM-time Chris set his camera on the scope to a 1 hour time lapse exposure, they had calculated in the arc of the photo that there were five to ten stars likely in the path. Maria's camera they aimed to the east and would manually take a rapid series of photos. Mel had the other camera with a less powerful telephoto lens to see if she could see anything manually as she was the only one who knew what to expect.
They redid it all three hours later, shared two thermos bottles of coffee Chris had brewed up after dinner.
"See anything?" Chris asked.
"Maybe...," Mel said slowly, "this is a good lens but hard to tell."
"Venus just risen," Mel said and Chris snapped it, then he moved at her directions, "Vega... Deneb... Rigel..."
She wrote down the print numbers to the planets and stars in her notebook.
"Done," Maria said as she manually rewound her cameras and Chris's auto rewound, he relit the camp lanterns. "let's get packed up and go to bed. I wish I had my lab here, I want to see these."
Both young people grunted in agreement with every one of her statements, they carefully gathered the equipment into its packs.
Back in camp they locked the scope and camera equipment into the Blazer then took turns at the outhouse, Maria going last.
Chris saw her return through Mel's hair, he was sitting in a camp chair and she'd dropped herself into his lap and was kissing him hard and rubbing her ass against his crotch to convince him that his cock really wasn't that tired. She broke the kiss when she heard the zipper on Maria's tent.
"Maria," Mel said softly, "we have room in our tent..."
Mel was turned away and Chris couldn't see her face, in the shadowed light from the camp lantern he saw Maria's soft, closed-mouth smile below cheeks that rose to give a thoughtful shape to her eyes. He saw her walk toward them then bend to take Mel's cheeks in her hands, she reached in and kissed, it evolved from a soft closed-mouth kiss to have their mouths open and their tongues pressed against each other. Mel reached out to Maria's torso and held her sides just below her breasts. Chris kept his arms around Mel and felt Maria's hand press on his right arm. Then Maria broke the kiss.
"Have your fun, you two," she said softly, "we'll see if your LGMs meet Jupiter."
They watched her as she unlaced her hiking boots and stepped out of them, stepped into her tent, then smiled and mouthed 'good night' as she pulled the boots in with her and zipped it up.
"Sounds like an idea," Chris nuzzled Mel's neck as she rose and pulled him up and led them to their tent.
Chris noticed it was warm in the tent, the sun shined brightly but the tent was well shaded by the trees, the sleeping bags were covered in sweat and rather more interesting fluids but he also noticed he was alone. He looked at his watch and saw it was just past 10 am. He heard laughter outside and looked out through the screened flap and saw Mel's mop of black hair from behind, shaking as she laughed, Maria apparently just out of his view. He dug around and found a pair of gym shorts and slipped on a pair of keds, their clothes and boots in another corner of the tent. He unzipped the flap and stood outside and stepped out. He stepped to Mel's side and saw the coffee pot on the camp stove, next to a pan with a couple of sausages and scrambled eggs.
"Hey, sleepyhead," said Mel as she took his hand, "about time. We already ate."
He blinked as he looked down, Mel wore her blue mini skirt and was unsurprisingly braless under her red, minimal crop top. Then he saw Maria's slender, brown legs, left crossed over right and bare to the high hem of a short sundress, the top a pair of triangles that tied behind her neck and allowed her round, full breasts to be exposed on both sides and clinging enough to show the bumps of her nipples. Then she bent over and poured a cup of coffee and stepped to hand it to Chris.
"Th... thanks," he stuttered, light laughs from the two women, when he noticed Maria's eyes focus down his body and smile broadly, his fully erect cock formed a definite bulge in his shorts.
"Well," said Mel as she stroked his prick, "they're both awake."
He stepped back, grabbed the third camp chair and sat down next to Mel, faced Maria. The older woman laughed and sat down, her legs delayed their crossing long enough to allow Chris to confirm his view of her dark pubic hair. None of it was doing anything to let his rampant flesh relax.
"You said you'd show us some good overlooks, since those are your thing," said Mel as he ate his breakfast and grunted a full mouth 'uh huh,' he had the feeling Maria's smile meant she knew the deeper meaning of that, "just one rule."
His question was silent, a raised eyebrow as he chewed.
"Can put our boots on," she said with her demon grin, "but otherwise no changing clothes. We agreed."
Maria nodded and switched her legs.
It was after midnight and they had their equipment again set up in the marked circle on the ridge top. Chris and Maria had set the telescope on a twenty minute time lapse exposure of Jupiter before it reached the anticipated occultation point. Once Mel had the angle set through the camera lens Chris opened the shutter and started his chronograph.
"Ok, drudge," Mel said as she nuzzled his neck, "keep the scope following Jupiter."
"You'd be better at this," he said, as he kept an eye on his watch and worked the scope's knob.
"No, no," she said, "I have to oversee another photographer, the satellite will be rising in about 45 minutes!"
She and Maria laughed as they set up Maria's two cameras and their wonder lenses on tripods and Mel aimed them to stars across two sections of sky.
Chris finished his twenty minute stint and closed the shutter. He'd already used shots on Uranus and the moon before they set, now he used Neptune for still shots. Then he set the scope for it's next meeting with Jupiter and a hoped-for streak. Maria poured him a cup of coffee from a thermos.
Mel's eye looked through the camera lens during the time exposure, Chris used his watch to guide his glacially slow movement of the scope. Maria had set a second time exposure on Jupiter and was waiting for Chris's mark for the other.
"5, 4, 3, 2, 1... mark," he said, he felt more than saw Mel go tense as he opened the shutter and heard Maria's camera begin to click.
"Anyth..." he started.
"Ssh," Mel said quietly. Then she had a sharp intake of breath.
"Fuck, shit, fuck..." she said softly without moving her eye from the lens, "it's there."
"Take your word," said Maria, her eye in her lens as she clicked a rapid series of pictures, "but we'll get what we get!"
Mel sat up and both Chris and Maria could tell she was shaking. The she stood up and stepped quickly to Maria and hugged her tightly. Then she put her hands on Chris's shoulders and kissed his cheek but didn't disturb his timing and adjustments.
"Five more minutes," he said, "get exact same total exposure."
"We'll gather the rest of this stuff," her contralto deepened, her tell that he wouldn't get to sleep for a while. Not that he minded. She and Maria made sure they had notes and gathered the other cameras into cases.
"Time," Chris said and closed the shutter to find a pair of arms thrown around him from behind, hands clasped on his chest, lips all over his neck and his suddenly uncovered ears as his stocking cap was pushed aside. He nudged her away enough to stand up and turn around and Mel slammed her lips onto his as she pushed his mouth open. He grabbed her ass cheeks and his tongue pushed back.
Then Mel pushed back as Maria fired up one of the camp lanterns.
"You two head back, take that stuff, I'll pack up the scope and this camera," she directed the younger pair.
"But, um," Mel stammered.
"Don't worry," the older woman's broad smile was clear now in the light, "I'll be right behind you."
Chris worked his tongue the length of Mel's wet labia from her clit and pushed it into her slit as she shuddered slightly, her teeth lightly scraped along his tumescent flesh as she pulled him into her throat. He knew she'd been excited as she'd already creamed all over his face and chin with hardly any effort on his part, after that she'd welcomed his efforts but had worked him slowly, kept him fully excited but wouldn't drive him to completion. He heard the zipper on the insect flap of the tent worked and felt someone enter next to them, the zipper done up again.
Mel's mouth lifted off of his shaft as she pushed her crotch more firmly onto his face as she sat up, he felt her sidle slightly and heard the muffled breathing of two mouths pressed together, two hands stroked his cock and he felt fingers explore the glans, fingernails lightly circled it.
"You're sure," he heard in Maria's mildly accented English.
"Yeah," Mel's husk was obvious, "you need it and he has plenty."
Chris felt his crotch being straddled, Mel moved herself to allow his mouth easy access to her very erect clit, he took the hint and pressed his lips around it as he used just the tip of his tongue to swirl around it.
"You're so hot," Mel said slowly, he thought the response was 'fuck, yeah,' as his cock slid just into a very wet slit between two labia, the motion repeated a few times to choppy breathing. A final adjustment and he felt himself slowly absorbed into Maria's hot and welcoming body.
"Oh, fuck," he heard her say as she slowly pulled his entire length into herself, "I have so needed this..."
Chris reached up and with one hand cupped Mel's right tit as she ground against his face, his left hand was guided to a slightly smaller but still round and firm breast but he wasn't sure who did the guiding. He began to use his legs to mesh with Maria's rhythm as she rose and fell on him, tried to meet her halfway on each full penetration. After that he was pretty sure the lack of conversation was because every mouth was fully occupied, as Mel shifted slightly he saw her bent to suck on first one then Maria's other highly erect brown nipples, his hand directed to Mel's second tit by a hand that then went to Maria's crotch.
Chris felt a rush of pride and his cock twitched as Mel's muffled moan signaled he'd brought her to a second orgasm as she blew a new load all over his already soaked cheeks.
He pumped his hips in rhythm with Maria when he suddenly grunted and his hand gripped Mel's tit.
"Do it, lover," Mel's voice had gone baritone, "she can take it."
"Damn right," Maria's accent had gone thicker, her pumping at him frantic and fast now, "aaahhhhh..."
He felt her cunt tighten as it grabbed at him, he slammed upward into her body and loosed a stream of cum with his first spasm, they retreated and met again, her own spasms continued before she set all of her weight on him and he felt her lean forward as her body met his girlfriend's. All three froze for 10, then 20 seconds, then the women slid off of him, one to each side, to lay alongside.
Maria pulled his head sideways and met his mouth with hers, the kiss soft, slow, her tongue gently insistent, her hands rubbed his chest and still mostly erect cock slick with her juices.
"Hope you're not done yet," she said just above a whisper as she moved an inch from his face, "you still have a job to do."
She moved her hand from his sweaty chest to direct his chin to turn, where Mel's mouth pushed onto his as soon as he was turned, then Maria nudged his body to roll onto the younger woman, who helped him and splayed her legs wide to open her wet, ready sex.
"Now, fuck this beautiful demon good and hard and let me watch," Maria said with intent.
He obeyed, practice allowed him to enter her with relative ease, the first few strokes slow as his cock found restored energy that allowed him to pull all but the head and he slammed himself home to force a grunt past their joined mouths. She wrapped her legs around his hips and pulled herself to meet him hard on each new stroke.
"That is so hot," he heard, an extra pair of hands caressed his ass and back, Mel's tits, their necks, an extra mouth kissed each of theirs now and again and licking and nuzzling necks as the young man slid his rampant shaft deep into his demon's welcoming passage as her vaginal muscles did their usual magic to grab and squeeze him. Then he felt a hand press between their bodies and with each push he felt the fingers press against Mel's button and she pulled his shoulders tight and her breathing was ragged and puffy.
"Oh... oh... fuck!" she shouted as her vaginal muscles clamped around his prick and her arms and legs pulled him to a stop, cum pushed out of her body as he penetrated her to his full length. To the side of Chris's head Maria locked her lips onto Mel's in a hard, open-mouthed kiss as her hand remained pinned between their bodies.
Mel loosened her legs and urged Chris back until his flesh popped out of her body, followed by another gush of her cum, he felt Maria's hand grab it and begin stroking it hard. Mel rotated her hips up by degrees and Chris slid the head of his cock along her perineum through a thick stream of natural lube supplied by Mel, the hand moved from stroking him to holding him lightly.
"This is what this sick pervert lives for," Mel whispered to both of her lovers, "shoving that big, hard thing up my ass, which used to be innocent and pur..."
She grunted as he pushed said big, hard thing into her bowels slowly but firmly until he was fully inserted.
"You want ice cream," Chris whispered, as he slowly pulled completely out and rubbed his meat to gather more of her plentiful liquid, then he pushed back into her ass and began to pump, "there's a price to be paid."
Chris kissed Mel's neck and cheek as she alternated kissing his neck and cheek and then Maria's, as the older woman kissed both of them.
"You were serious about the ice cream," Maria said softly as she took a moment to look down their bodies, filtered light from a camp lantern just outside the tent to watch his cock as it emerged and disappeared with each stroke.
Mel used her legs and back to pump herself on and off of Chris as he adjusted to meet her halfway, Maria rubbed one of them with each of her hands and felt their sweat running but otherwise didn't interfere with the two people seemingly lost to any other notice, stared at them open-mouthed. Finally, Chris's breathing went choppy and Mel hugged him tightly, then spoke to him slowly and pitched her voice as deeply as she could, having caught on to his minor kink.
"C'mon, lover, fill me, I want it. Now!"
He grunted as a stream of liquid blew out of his cock into her colon as he pushed forward, she squeezed him as tightly as she could with her legs and her anal muscles to restrict his movement as his cock rippled three more time as she licked and bit his neck and ears. Maria rocked back slightly at the force of it, her eyes wide.
"Fucking hell, you two," she said with admiration but then trailed off, "I've hardly ever fucked like..."
Two faces looked at her in the dim light, their mouths open and panting, their eyes heavy lidded with satisfaction and joy.
"Want him," Mel asked with genuine kindness, "to do your ass? He'll be much gentler, like he was with Shelly..."
"Um, not tonight," Maria said, "I've never, um, yeah. I'm drained just being here. Thank you."
They both kissed Maria slowly and open mouthed, then Mel pushed Chris out of her body and onto his back between the two women.
"Let's get cleaned up a bit and button down the camp," said Chris as his breathing slowed to normal, "be light in couple of hours. Long drive home."
Back in the dark tent, only starlight outside the zipped up net insect door, Mel nudged a half-ready Chris onto a slightly surprised Maria.
"We teased him out there," she said, "let me go to sleep."
Chris felt Maria shrug then she pressed her mouth against his and wiggled to slide his hardening prick between her labia until he slid it down and she welcomed it inside of her. He noticed that Mel didn't actually go to sleep, her hands on their bodies and she occasionally nudged him to lift so that she could again coax Maria's brown nipples from what the outside chill had started to their full extent with her mouth. They fucked slowly as he pushed himself fully into her each time until the contributions of Mel's fingers helped bring them to mutual climaxes. A last round of kisses all around and Chris's last memory was falling asleep between two beautiful dark-haired women.
Maria drove the first leg to get past the roughest sections, not wanting to burden Chris with the effort although he assured her he'd driven the area and she didn't trust the flatlander on the mountain roads. Once past she let the two youngsters alternate since none of them had had much sleep, stupors from sexual satisfaction fought the two young people's giddiness from what they assumed was a successful hunt, the two women snuggled half-asleep in the back seat as Chris drove the last ninety minutes with just the low volume of the radio for company.
"All the film canisters are marked," Maria said in the parking lot back at the Uni, "I have a storage cabinet, climate controlled, I'll keep it in there until we can develop it Wednesday."
"Wednesday?" Mel said more sharply than she probably meant.
"Sorry," Maria shrugged, "I have 'real work' next couple of days and nights. Full professors outrank you two, and I also have to, sigh, deal with my,cabrón, my ex but unfortunately still alive husband. And I'm too tired to focus on it tonight. Something kept me up all night..."
"I'm so sorry," Mel said as she hugged the older woman, "to snap. Just so anxious..."
"Oh,niña hermosa," she said as she released Mel then hugged Chris, "go and be with this sweet boy."
Bart Shell
"Ah, mierda," Maria said softly as she followed Mel's finger along the 16x20 enlargement showing an arc across the image of Jupiter, right where she'd predicted it, placed next to a second 16x20 of a clear Jupiter. It looked like someone had lightly rubbed a very thin eraser to leave a thin fuzzy stripe through the multi-colored bands.
Chris stood next to Maria as they looked over the seated Mel's shoulders, he was momentarily distracted by the view of her cleavage from the low, square-neck stretch tank exposed when she'd shed the suit jacket and blouse she'd had on when she met them at the lab, over a dark blue skirt that ended a couple of inches above her knees. Two pairs of high heels emphasised her calves and Mel's impressively. 'Budget meetings' she'd told them with a smile.
But her mood had darkened, it had been ebullient as she showed them the sightseeing photos she'd developed ahead of time, his obvious 'discomfort' often visible along with well-posed photos of two beauties, the first half of the set PG-13 but then Mel amped the teasing when she'd removed her top and refused to put it back on until it was dusk. Maria's mood contrasted with Mel's excitement and wordless joy, she pushed her head into his chest and wrapped her right arm around his thigh below his shorts.
He looked down at the photo again, an arc of others around it, then he kissed Mel's cheek and looked down her body. They'd rushed to get here and she still wore the button-down 'work' dress she'd bought that first shopping weekend, enough buttons now undone to allow him to again admire the thigh-high stockings she'd bought at some point and wore instead of panty hose. No bra, just her white lace camisole.
"Did you spend the whole day," he'd asked, she'd pulled the car to the curb and he'd trotted off of their now-boring front porch to hop in and he'd seen the tops of her stockings, "without panties?"
"Yeah," she said with a laugh, "best day of work so far."
Maria had appreciated it when they arrived at the lab, one look and she'd shed her blouse, her bare, brown legs had left Chris wondering but he didn't think asking was appropriate. He had noticed her snug dress didn't show any lines around her ass. Now she stepped back from the younger pair with a thoughtful look.
"What are you two going to do now," she asked, "I mean, it's not like Idoubtedyou, but, I didn't really take you seriously."
She gave them a crooked smile at that, they grinned back but her mood kept them from celebrating openly.
"This weekend was the best time I've had," she continued, "in a long time. And, well, I thought this one didn't like me or something, the way he ignored me."
"I was young and foolish," Chris said with a shrug.
"Yeah, he's better now," Mel shifted her arm around his back to grab his ass, "but well, we're going to tell the world! He can put it on some sort of computer thing, where other astronomers can use the info to look. And well, there's..."
Chris nudged Mel subtly with his thigh, she started, turned her head a bit, then shrugged almost imperceptibly.
"Anyway, anyone can see it, if they know where to look," she finished.
"We're going to get something to eat," Chris said, "once we help you clean up. Let me know what we owe you, want to come with us?"
Earlier tonight his invitation would've clearly offered more than just dinner, but now he felt the older woman's mood wasn't open to that. The cloud of hormones that had built up around their enforced closeness in the darkroom dissipated.
"On the house," Maria said just audibly, "and don't worry. Get going, take all of those. Well, except for one of the sightseeing sets. For me."
At least that last part let her smile.
Mel stood and stepped toward her as Chris gathered the photos, sorted into envelopes to keep the sets separate, she spread her arms and Maria accepted the hug and returned it.
"If what you think," their photography expert said as she pulled her head back slightly, "is the case and this isn't some sort of secret US or Russia thing..."
"We'll be careful," Mel said to her in a soft voice, then she kissed the older woman quickly.
"Now go, you two, I've got this."
Instead of leading them back to the car Chris led Mel to a bench that offered a view out over the Valley floor, the Uni a few hundred feet above on one of the more expansive bench levels. Her heels had her almost above his eye level and he was more used to that, a few weeks of steady work saw her often in heels. The last of the sun had just disappeared below the horizon, a fiery red sky in its wake. He put his arm around her shoulder and she leaned into him with her left arm along his thigh, her dress that fell each side of her crossed thighs allowed him to just see her trimmed dark pubic hair.
"Why'd you shush me in there, lover?"
"I didn't 'shush' you," he said with a lilt, "I nudged you."
Her elbow nudged his semi-erect cock.
"Ow, ok, I deserved that. But Maria was freaked out. She did it quickly when you weren't looking but she even crossed herself. Telling her that we're going on the radio to tell the world would've been, ah, bad I think."
"I didn't even know about that show until you had me listen to it," she said, used her elbow now to caress, "it's exactly what that show is about."
"But most of the guests and callers don't have pictures. And coordinates. They've just come back from Atlantis but can't tell anyone else how to get there."
"Even better. C'mon, I'm hungry and horny. What order you going to take care of my needs?"
"Let's go get sandwiches and take them to the computer lab, with pictures to back us we can post on USENET the satellite coordinates we worked up, then you'll be keeping those stockings and heels on for the second part... Nothing else, mind you. And my treat, you need more pairs of those... forget panty hose."
She kissed him as they stood up.
Two nights later Mel was naked save for her socks and laid on her stomach as Chris stood alongside the bed and finished a head to toe massage, her head was turned away but her hand instinctively reached out and grabbed his semi-erect cock and began to work it.
"We only have 5 minutes until 'Shore to Shore,'" Chris said as he pumped his hips in and out of her grip, "so if you're going to get me worked up you'll have to work fast."
"Nah," she said as she rolled then sat up and pointed to a space on the bed for him, he reclined onto a couple of pillows as she urged his cock to full attention and moved alongside, "you're going to call in and sit on the line for an hour while I tease your cock until you beg me to make you cum."
With that as warning she swirled her tongue around the swollen glans as she held the shaft, paid special attention the the fold at the bottom with the tip of her wet tongue. Chris tried to push her head down or to shove his cock into her mouth but he quickly realized that was a losing strategy. So he switched on the radio and made sure the phone was in reach. He sipped from the plastic cup of ice water next to the phone.
'Broadcasting from the High Desert of Pahrump, 50,000 watts of clear channel out of the Great Southwest...
'Broadcasting ocean to ocean, east to west, north to south...
'This isShore to Shore AM...
'And I'm Bart Shell...'
The theme music played for a few minutes as Chris held the phone and moaned a bit as Mel took just the head of his prick into her mouth and worked it with her tongue and lips. Chris already had the number assigned to a quick dial key and hit it, only to get the expected busy signal.
"It's all open lines tonight, boys and girls out there, remember our number 702..."
"We're on with Marty from Grand Island, Nebraska," Bart said, "Marty, what do you have for us?"
"Well, Bart," a broad, midwestern accent that caused Mel to pause, she lifted her mouth and scrunched her eyes, then mouthed 'hick,' "we've got this giant truck stop out here and there's lots of unmarked trucks headed your way."
Chris turned the radio lower as he hit the dial again and Mel returned to her slow, slow blow job.
Forty-five minutes later Chris had nearly lost his sanity. The constant busy signal was one thing, the most recent caller just returned from Atlantis another, but that Mel had paused only once as she'd worked his cock to take a drink from the water glass and grab an ice cube to add to his torture had him wondering how he could get her to do this again. And simultaneously hoping she never did it again.
Another redial and the phone started to ring! He finally got his cock almost entirely in her mouth as he jumped to turn the radio down faster than she could react, she pulled her mouth off with a hard, slow suck and looked up at him.
"You're onShore to Shore AMwith Bart Shell, what do you have for us?"
Mel jumped up as Chris unmuted the phone.
"Hey, Bart, I'm Chris..."
"And I'm Melanie. But call me Mel."
"Chris, Mel," a chuckle on the line, "you sound like a nice couple. What's up in your part of the world?"
"It's more what's down," Chris started their rehearsed spiel as he took care since she decided to squeeze his cock right then, "remember the fireball back in June? We saw it fly over us."
"Well, now, that's interesting," Bart said, "but what's new about it? We've been talking about it a while now, just a big rock."
"No," said Mel, her momentary coquettishness gone, "you're wrong. It was a satellite, the government knows it was, and there's something even better than that."
"A satellite? Yes," the disembodied voice, "I've had a few people claim that."
"But," said Chris, "did they also tell you about the two matching satellites still in orbit?"
"We have proof," said Mel, "there are two more just like it. We're happy to give you the orbits. But they're hard to see."
The pause on the line surprised them, there was little Bart hadn't heard but they'd set him back a bit.
"Proof? What kind of proof?"
"Pictures. They're big," said Mel, "orbit at 20,000 kilometres out, take nine hours to orbit, eccentricity is zero. But somehow they don't shine, they're retrograde and seem to be mostly transparent or something."
"In that case how could you take pictures?" Chris had the feeling Bart was giving them line and would only keep them on so long as they were entertaining.
"Things go squishy," Chris said, "it's like looking through a heat haze. We think they have a way to reflect light around them. We took a picture of it occluding Jupiter and we have a streak in the time exposure, like you're still seeing Jupiter but hazy. Same with it going in front of a star."
"Hmm," Bart paused, seemed in thought, "who put these satellites there? No one is talking about them and the government is telling us it's just a rock."
"YOU believe the government? You, Bart Shell?" Mel said with as much sarcasm as she could manage, a knowing chuckle back on the line.
"Anyway," she continued as she squeezed Chris's cock hard enough to force him to nudge her hand to get it to loosen, "it's aliens. They're alien satellites and the government is hiding it because they must've found alien bodies in the crash."
"You have pictures?"
"Just the satellites," Chris said, "with stars and Jupiter, we think both are at least 3 kilometres across, likely square. We posted the detailed orbital information on the USENET Wednesday, hopefully people are looking. You need a good scope and good eyes, but the government has to know about them."
"Well," Bart said slowly and thoughtfully, "you two might have just let a very big cat out of the bag. Now, how can we see these things?"
"They're kind of hiding below where they're putting the GPS satellites," Mel said, not needing notes, "but they're retrograde. Nine hour orbital period, inclination is 135 degrees, one will be hitting its epoch at roughly 48 degrees latitude and 110 degrees west ground track over western North America at 3:42 am Mountain time Sunday morning. Happy hunting!"
"You know your stuff. Now about those aliens," Bart asked, "what do you know about them?"
"Obviously they're watching us," said Chris, "but losing one of their satellites I'm guessing we'll find out sooner rather than later."
"And they kidnapped a student from here," Mel added quickly, "back in 1981. Well, that's what I think they did! Maybe they'll find his body in the crashed satellite, or he's still up there. The alien posed as a beautiful woman and took him away."
She looked at Chris as he gaped and then whispered in his ear in the second silence they'd driven Bart to, 'later...'
"You have pictures of that too, Mel?"
"Not yet, but I'm going to prove it. Somehow. It was the girl, she did it. She was a succubus, everyone said so. She was really beautiful, blonde, big chest. They said she disappeared with him."
Now Chris clamped his mouth shut to avoid laughing, although Bart didn't bother to stifle his laughter.
"A demon who steals men's souls," Bart said as he reclaimed his sense, "but not a demon, an alien?"
"One, or working for them," Mel said, obviously she'd been thinking about this, "but as soon as I have it we'll call you back. Unless they come down and take away all our men first!"
"I'll be here," Bart said, "good night, Chris and Mel. Be good!"
"We will," they both said into the phone, "love the show, Bart. Night night!"
Chris clicked the line off, and by the time he turned the radio up Bart had a new caller going. The man was good. Chris turned it down then pushed Mel over and rolled on top of her.
"I don't know if that was stupid or genius," he said to her as he rubbed his cock along her labia, "the thing about kidnapping. How the hell?"
"When we were on the old porch," she said as she slid to get his cock rubbing against her clit, "something Teresa said. Just popped into my head."
She sidled her feet to spread her legs as she rubbed against him.
"Carole had no family, nothing, no one... Like, she, fell out of the sky. And you and your CS guys would know strange because you all are... oof!"
He shifted and pushed into her quickly at that, she smiled up at him.
"Yup, we're strange, one and all."
"Ah, strange, but you feel good," she pulled his face down to hers, "you feel so, so, good."
The Caldicott-Bajevic Anomalies
Chris sat on a second floor ledge of concrete with his back to a second wall of the same material on the Unis's new Student Services building and looked across campus at what he expected would be Mel's approach. The sun was on him and this first Sunday of August was likely to be very hot but for now it was comfortable and the concrete sill held some of the night's coolness. He saw her, the black ponytail waved as she ran up the slope of the Library fountain's south side wall, across the flat top just above and behind the wall of water and down the other. She leaped a couple of benches and on a clear stretch of walkway looked up to spot him.
He liked this building because the architect had put the supporting struts, beams and columns external to the walls, a not unusual recent style. It made the building a common target of the 'obstacle running' hobby he'd picked up from some friends and had passed on to Mel. Her first few foot and hand holds were textbook but then she wavered, he braced himself with his right hand and threw out his left to have it taken. He pulled her and she hopped across to sit beside him.
"Careful, you sprinted too hard getting here," he said after she quickly kissed him thanks, "your legs didn't have quite enough jump left in them. Speed isn't everything. Your mother promised to castrate me if anything happened to you."
"That..." Mel took three deep, slow recovery breaths, "that's only if you break my heart. Breaking my neck being a foolish idiot who didn't listen wouldn't surprise her. She wouldn't blame you."
Her smile as she snuggled next to him as their legs dangled in space made him believe that. Almost.
"How is Helen," he asked after a few moments of mutually agreeable silence for both to get their breathing back to baseline, "you talked to her?"
"Yup, I caught her and her new doctor after a night of passion," Mel chuckled, "she and Shelly will get here on the 28th and stay the Labor Day weekend, they'll leave the following Thursday or Friday, depends if they decide to drive in one day or two."
"Fifteen hours, hell of a drive," mused Chris, "I've done those. They hurt."
"There's two of them," Mel shrugged, "they're excited to get here. My mom really, really wants to meet you and Shelly will be happy to see you too. And Frank better be ready, Shelly's really, really horny after all my pictures. She doesn't like the boys at home, she has good taste like me, she's excited to meet Frank."
"Um, I'll warn him. Tell him to lay off the masturbating. Save it."
"I've told both of them how you make me shoot streams of cum out of my pussy when you fuck me hard up the ass," Mel said cheerily, "they're really jealous."
"Um, I, huh..."
"Well, I also said you have help from that nasty vibrator that I told them you used to fuck poor Kelly to death with. Fortunately I'm made of sterner stuff."
Chris's gape-jawed expression was met with dancing eyes which gave him no real idea if she'd told them that.
"Which didn't happen," he managed, once again. She smirked. Once again.
"It's all cool with you guys they stay at the house?"
"Sure," he said, "we have that spare room next to Terry's, Sam says we can borrow a futon. And the big sleeper sofa upstairs. Unless someone's going to join us..."
"Get your mind out of the gutter," she elbowed him, but smiled broadly, "your cock and my vibrator aren't getting anywhere near my mom's holes, no matter what she thinks. And Shelly gets Frank. You're stuck with me. Well, unless we get everyone watching another hot movie... Or Maria quits being so upset with us..."
He sighed quietly at that last thought.
"Spoke to Tim and Neil this week, they're just back in town, they said you're welcome to have my old room if you walk around in nothing but heels and they won't charge you rent. Neil's never seen you but apparently Tim's description was quite complimentary."
"Aw, he's so nice. But I get that deal now," she squeezed his hand, "nicer house, cuter roommates."
"They'll post tomorrow on the 'Roommates Wanted' board," he chuckled and pointed at what they could see of the Student Union building, "up there. They'll find someone who they'll probably expect to wear clothes and pay rent."
"Maybe they'll find some hot chick just moved to town," she said with another hand squeeze.
"Talked to one of the soccer guys Thursday," he said after a few moments of relaxed silence, "used to run here with me but blew out his knee in a game in the spring. He told me some French guy is calling our obstacle runningparkour, made a short film of himself and buddies running around Paris."
"Hah," she snorted, "that's why you computer science guys will never get rich and rule the world. You invent things then don't realize what you invented. Like that arpa inter usenet whatever thing. Don't let us dummies know about them until you get caught!"
"Can't totally disagree..." he mused, "about those networks. We posted Wednesday night and it's just been polite 'yeah, sure' until this morning. I looked quickly before I came here to meet you. My email is totally fucked, quota is filled, like 200 messages, more probably bounced. Have you ever heard of Mount Mallomar?"
"What? The observatory between LA and San Diego? Yeah, of course. What about..."
Her face froze as she made a guess.
"Fuck... Mallomar... What?"
"All I read before I left was 'we confirm the existence of the Caldicott-Bajevic anomalies.' Whatever that means..."
"What?!? FUCK WHAT? YEAH!!"
She threw her arms around him and kissed him hard, their balance teetered slightly for an instant.
"There's like hundreds of postings," he added once they'd stablized.
She smiled hugely as her upper body pogoed on the ledge.
"And you're going to help me go through and delete or answer my email, I can handle questions about the code I wrote but the others are yours. There were also some UFO nut postings about kidnappings. Obviously people heard us on the radio."
"We need home access..."
"I, and you, can't afford a computer. At least not a decent one. Anyway, that bakery by the Pie is open by now, let's go get some bagels and hit the computer lab. You have explaining to do."
He led them down, she followed his foot falls and hand grabs. On the ground he picked up the backpack he'd intentionally dropped on the way up. It had a towel to share and a change of clothes for each, her "computer clothes" and for him denim shorts and a fresh tee, dry socks for both but no other underwear for either. He was just doing up the waist strap to allow him to run without it flapping when she took off.
"Last one there buys," she shouted as she ran.
"You cheating bi...," but he saved his breath for the sprint.
"There's the ass who's screwing up my computers," a load, gruff voice declaimed just as Chris and Mel turned their heads in response to the computer lab door being opened. They'd worked through email and newsgroup postings for almost ninety minutes before the interruption.
Chris heard Mel's soft 'oof' in his ear as his upper right arm pushed hard into her left breast, he'd been nudging it softly against her firm, fully erect nipple as she sat alongside him as they read through the USENET postings following up their Wednesday evening announcement of the satellite coordinates. There'd been a trickle of mostly polite but doubtful responses until the Mount Mallomar observatory had posted their agreement that 'something' was up there. The 'Caldicott-Bajevic Anomalies' was the phrase Mallomar had used and so spoken had been quickly accepted. After that the postings had ranged far and wide in hypotheses about what the 'anomalies' might be as well as other suspected 'sightings' that followed the "anomalies'" tracks across the sky.
"Sorry," he said softly as he caught sight of the speaker. The man was portly bordering on fat, his long dark blond hair halfway down his back and tied into a loose ponytail with lots of stray hairs, a full, scraggly beard of slightly darker hue, again relatively unkempt. His complexion had the pallor of skin used to little more than a steady stream of fluorescent light. The man just behind him was slightly taller and certainly thinner, medium brown hair long enough to cover his ears. His build not that many years ago might've been Chris's but had entered the highway to the destination of the man who'd led the pair into the room. Chris took them as two warnings about a danger of his chosen profession.
Chris was relieved that their positions meant that the newcomers didn't have a clear view as Mel adjusted the hem of his shorts to hide his rapidly deflating penis. She'd been almost unconsciously stroking it as they followed the growing online hubbub.
"Hey, Roger, Dave," Chris managed, Mel gave his thigh a quick squeeze and they separated and swiveled a quarter turn each, "what's up?"
"What's up? More like what's not up," said the large, blond man, "what the hell is that crap you posted about satellites? Your email is fubared and we've been losing sites on the ARPANET due to the flood of messages."
"Crap?" Mel exclaimed, "Hey, he's the 'Bajevic' of Caldicott-Bajevic Anomalies, I'll have you know. He's also my lover."
It was as if Roger and Dave had only now just worked out there was an attractive dark-haired woman next to Chris as both finished spinning their chairs to fully face the newcomers. Chris watched as two sets of eyes tried to focus on Mel's face but drawn as if by gravity down her braless chest, the soft light and the red stripe obscured her obviously erect nipples, her beige miniskirt only just sufficient to hide her unclothed pussy but almost the entirety of her long, athletic legs to her running shoes were exposed. Their mouths moved but no sounds came out.
To confirm her last statement she held Chris's left hand tightly in her right, her chest pushed out as if daring them to stare at it. Being stereotypical computer guys, they did. Chris stood up and Mel followed suit.
"Hey, guys," Chris said as he took advantage of their silence, "this is the Caldicott of the anomalies, this is Melanie Caldicott, but call her that and die. It's Mel... or, Mistress of Astronomical Weirdness. Mel, this is Roger O'Dell. He's the systems administrator who runs all of these machines."
"Um," said the large, blond man, "good to meet you, Mela... Mel," Mel released Chris's hand to shake Roger's.
"And this is Dave Simpson," continued Chris, "he's a PhD student and my TA. He's the one who helped convince Dr. Carlstrom to give me the computer time."
Mel took his hand in turn.
"Dave..." she said slowly, "oh, you're the one who told my boyfriend here all about that student who disappeared?"
Dave's eye's scrunched for a moment but then released and his mouth formed an 'O' as he worked out what she meant. He looked at Chris, who shrugged and nodded. Then he looked back at Mel and nodded but his face was a mask. Mel stepped toward him and put one of her hands on each of his shoulders and stood at arms length. Her figure was well displayed, gravity again forced his eyes to fall down before he dragged them up. She'd released her hair from its running ponytail when they'd arrived in the lab but with the growth since she'd rode the bus into town it was to the bottoms of her shoulder blades, a wavy, softly curly mop of black that framed her face. She had the radiant smile that Chris knew meant something demonic was about to happen.
"You met her then," Mel said huskily, "the succubus. Carole."
Dave's eyes went wide, he started to raise his hands but thought better of it. Roger's mouth dropped open as he looked at the scene. Chris decided his only hope of keeping his computer privileges was to let this run its course, but he didn't know quite what that meant.
"Ye... yeah," he stammered, "um, yeah. I did."
"Tell me, please," her voice was deep, raspy, slow, "was she prettier than me?"
It was all Chris could do to maintain his poker face. Roger's drooling gaze suddenly went hard as he glared at Dave.
"Um, well," Dave's face ranged from panic to utter, sheer mind-eating terror at having to answer the question, "well, um, she, was..."
"And, when she came to the seminar with the doughnuts," Mel said as she pouted and tilted her head slightly and her eyes seemed ready to tear up, "was her skirt shorter than mine is now? Did she have nicer legs too?"
"She, um... she was, lots shorter, Yeah, you're taller. She was, like, barely over five feet. But her skirt was, uh, yeah, really short, awesome legs, she twirled and we saw, um..."
"Oh," said Mel in a chipper tone, "and did she have bigger tits than me?"
"Yeah," said Dave, "I mean, no, um, oh, um, ah... like maybe same size or um, close..."
Mel's face broke into a huge grin and she squeezed a deeply blushing Dave's shoulders. She looked over at Roger.
"He's just being so polite," Mel said to the blond man, "I've seen her picture. She's without a doubt prettier than me. Lots. And if her tits were bigger, and her legs better, and such a tiny skirt, no wonder you guys called her the succubus, the demon of CS guys after that doughnut seminar."
She released Dave, who wavered like he was about to faint before he caught himself, then she slipped her arm around Chris's waist as he put his arm around her shoulder.
"I'm HIS demon," she said to them, then she kissed Chris's cheek.
"You ass," said Roger as he glared at Dave, who turned his face slowly to look at him, the blond's face had gone slightly red, "you told me she was 'nothing special' when I found out you hadn't bothered to warn me she was coming that day. I knew it. Everyone else was near catatonic after that visit. You've been bullshitting me these years, telling me it wasn't so much as all that..."
"And her friend that day," said Mel, "was apparently almost as good looking, right Dave?"
"Oh yeah, dark hair, taller, but shorter than you," Dave put his hands in front of his chest, "and bigger than both of... um..."
Mel's grin was audible, as was Dave's groan and Roger's sharp exhale.
"That would have been Jane," said Roger, looking at Mel then back at Dave, "the 'ugly' one. This ass and his old buddy Prakash told everyone but me to show up. Hell, I heard one of the women who was there turned lesbian after seeing them and a gay guy never sucked another cock. Even Dr. Carlstrom apparently was having to adjust his crotch. But me, no, no one bothered to inform poor Roger!"
"So long as we're on this subject," Chris said, warming to the subject, "was Peter the kind of guy to just disappear?"
Peter? That lucky SOB," said Roger, "who was apparently sticking it to this 'nothing special' succubus. Hell no. He hated his family, I never knew what was up with that, but he loved programming. Was a good student, great grades, I was going to hire him to work in the computer center for the summer since Dr. Carlstrom couldn't pay him."
Dave nodded to confirm the info.
"We were all pretty shocked when we heard," he continued, "knew it had to be something with the girl. I, as you now have learned, never met her. Unlike certain assholes currently in the room."
Dave's long, slow, clearly audible sigh conveyed not just his apologies to Roger but also his memory of his friend.
"Yeah," Dave started slowly, "the whole succubus thing was his idea, something about how they'd met. He actually did seem serious about it, but he also claimed they'd gotten 'around it.' Whatever that meant. But he was not one to just up and go, he'd have known he'd be leaving us in a lurch. And yeah, he didn't like people he didn't like but he got along around here. But they seemed to like each other. Lots. He was about six feet tall, quite the sight the two of them."
Chris felt Mel's look of satisfaction was likely only readable by him.
"Now," Chris continued, offense the best form of defence, "what's up with you guys hanging out here on a Sunday? I mean, we're changing the world, but what are you two doing?"
"Changing the..." Roger started then stopped, "shit. I got a page this morning from an ops guy who was going to do backups, 'it's going to shit' he told me. I came in, found your email up the creek and the USENET feed going nuts. I was going to call you at home and tear you a new one when I saw you were logged on here. Dave came in complaining to me about some big simulation he said is having issues running. Thinks he's going to finish his dissertation this year. Fat chance of that. Anyway, what the fuck did you, um, two, the two of you do?"
"Remember the fireball?" Chris asked.
"Yeah," in stereo, as Mel squeezed his waist.
"This one suspected it was a satellite crashing," Chris kissed her quickly just above the ear, "and based on the guidance this astronomy genius has been giving me I've been using the computer allowance you gave me to run all kinds of orbits to match the satellite that crashed. We used that info to go stargazing and found the 'anomalies' which we think are secret satellites. We posted our orbital mechanics Wednesday evening and Mt. Mallomar posted a few hours ago they confirmed our sightings. Well, it's hard, the satellites are stealthed or something. You see them by not seeing them. Sorta. We, um, also claimed that the satellites are alien. Two more are up there, so there were three but one crashed in Nevada."
"That's most of it," Mel added, "but I'm pretty sure that Carole the succubus had some connection to the aliens and she and they took your friend away. We told Bart Shell that on his weirdo show Friday night. Some of the postings are about that."
"Shore to Shore AM," Roger said, "I didn't listen this week. Shit. I almost always listen Friday nights!"
"Aliens..." Dave said slowly, "you're saying that Carole was an alien? If so, we're doomed if they all look like that."
"Maybe she wasn't an alien," said Mel, "but working with them. In the movies they always get humans to help them. Maybe she was an orphan or something."
"A question," said Roger, "why would they take Peter?"
"They're up there," Chris pointed to the ceiling, "and I'm sure they have good tech. They came from somewhere. But they still might need to get deeper info. So. They have a hot chick find a guy like him. I mean, if YOU disappeared would your family just shrug?"
"No," said Dave, Roger nodded as well, "they might hire private investigators and they'd hassle the cops and the newspapers. Peter didn't like his family, I'd guess it was mutual."
"Right," Chris went on, "so maybe he joined them. But whatever, Mel read the microfiche, after a week it was totally gone from the papers. And like you said, he was a good programmer, he was tied into stuff here, so they'd get lots of info out of him"
The room went silent. Then Roger sighed.
"Okay, Chris," he said after another moment, "I need you to clean up your email. And keep it under control. As to USENET, shit, if they've named these things after you two..."
The grins on the young couple's faces were a mixture of pride and shyness.
"A question," Chris said, "can you double my file quota? I can clear out the email queue but I'm going to need to save lots of them. I need file space."
"Ok," Roger picked back up, "I can do that. One warning though. I'm going to have to go to the CS department to update them about this. You're likely to get called in..."
"I'll come in with him," said Mel, "I bribed him by engaging in incredibly perverse sex acts with him if he did this for me. I guess I'll have to 'fess up, provide all of the details. He's like all you CS guys, taken in by us demons."
Roger's mouth moved in silence, Dave just blinked and his mouth gaped.
"And more computer time allowance," said Chris, "I'm almost out of what you gave me."
"Um," Dave recovered slightly, "this was for Independent Study, but..."
"You can't say this isn't independent," said Chris, "not precisely what we did in class, but it seems pretty valid."
"He's got you there," Roger shut Dave down, "besides, here's the deal. The two of you, both, mind you, stop in my office now and again and I'll make sure you get computer time."
Mel released Chris and stepped forward to hug Roger and stepped back, held his upper arms.
"Deal," she said.
"One last thing," Chris said, "if we had access from home we could do a better job of keeping things clean. But we don't."
Roger's eyes narrowed and he stared into space for a few moments.
"Give me some time on that," he said, 'keep in touch."
The New Housemate
"Do you want a glass for your Sprite," Tim asked as he walked from the kitchen into the dining room and handed a Coke to Leo who was in a chair at the near side of the table.
"The can is fine," said the six foot and a smidgen tall twenty-something woman who sat at the far side of the dining table. Her voice was weirdly flat, near affectless, which contrasted with her warm smile and kind but certainly the greenest eyes Tim had ever seen.
He walked to the head of the table and she reached out to take the cold can then sat with his own Coke across from her. Tim doubted a ray of sunshine had ever touched her very pale skin, her hair and eyes mitigated against albinism and he wondered if this is what was meant by alabaster skin? Her loose dark long-sleeved blue t-shirt was just deep enough to expose only the top of her considerable cleavage but denim jeans meant beyond that only her hands and face were exposed. Her brown hair was straight and just past shoulder length, her bangs not any specific style he understood. Her round nearly-shiny face lacked makeup and seemed to imply a higher proportion of body fat than appeared to be the case, her clearly considerable bust on a slender frame, her hips and ass shapely but not pronounced.
"So you're a, um, biology," Leo said as he tried to recall the discussion of a couple of days previously, "student, right, um, Anna?"
The two of them and Neil had been shocked at the near instant response their posting on the roommates wanted board at the Uni Student Union had gotten in the first week of August. Neil had taken the call and agreed to a time for her to come by on the Friday so they could all meet. Their discussion after she'd left had been short, she'd showed a bank statement and her not yet dry student registration card. There was so little of value in the house that there was no gain in going to that effort to scam your way into a well-worn century old house shared by Uni students so they easily believed she was what she claimed. Neil had called the number she'd left and she'd agreed to come by on the Monday to settle the details.
"Yes, Anna, Anna Miller. Bioengineering," Anna said, "first year grad student. Then, maybe medical school. We'll see."
"You really don't mind sharing," Tim asked, "a house with three guys?"
"If you don't mind me," she shrugged, "my parents were missionaries, dragged me around the world as a child, I've seen things. Used to it. The other guy, Neil, right, he okay with me?"
"Yup, no problems with him," Tim assured her although the emotionless smile during her statement struck him as odd, "he's next senior here to me but he likes his room in the basement so Leo will move upstairs into Chris's old room. You get the room right behind you."
"It's nice and big, has a lock," she said as she half-turned, then smiled at them, "and it has a door right to the bathroom on this level. It'll be fine. I'll pay you two months rent starting September first now and a third to cover my initial share of utilities?"
Both guys nodded at the ease, no need to haggle. Chris had paid through the end of August and this meant the three remaining wouldn't be out of pocket any extra money. No way were they going to turn this deal down.
"And is that sweet Mustang out there your car," Tim looked toward the front and the street outside, spoke as he then pointed to his left behind the house, "we have two of the spots in the back but since Chris left mine is the only car. The apartment people will steal the spot back if we don't use it."
"Yes, it's mine. 1971, 351 cubic inches V8. Needed paint job. Not the best gas mileage but it's such a neat car," Tim sensed emotion and had the strange feeling it was about the car.
"I'm heading out of town tomorrow, I'll be back on September 13th, I'll move my stuff in that weekend? But I could leave the car here in the morning before I leave, a friend Jayne will pick me up, won't be taking it where I'm going, that work for you?"
"Yes, definitely, leave the car if you don't mind, whichever 'House' slot is free," said Tim, "I'm going camping that weekend but Leo and Neil will both be here."
"Yeah, we'll be around," Leo confirmed, "just call a couple of days ahead and we'll make sure a time so one of us is here to get you a key when you arrive."
She reached down and pulled her checkbook out of the little pack sitting next to her chair and set it on the table, then she reached across and Tim then Leo almost winced at the force of her handshake.