A friend lends me his cottage for a few days during my summer holidays. The cottage is just outside of town known for its vineyards. During the day I did the cottage thing I read a book, took sun, went into the lake drank many beers and smoked many joints.
By sun set I was pretty buzzed from the combination of beer/joints and sun and I kind of passed out on the deck, but being on vacation it was a nap!
I woke up a few hours later and by then it had gotten very dark. I could not see my hand in front of my face it was that dark. I stumbled to my feet and went into the cottage noted that it was just after midnight. I went and got a large glass of water and saw that I had rolled a big joint that I had not sparked up, so I picked it up and started for the patio doors.
I stepped out on to the deck and searched for one of the Adirondack chairs on the deck. After sitting down I took a look around it was a stunning sight. The stars were out and very bright reflecting onto the lake. I sparked up the joint inhaling deeply, as I exhaled I heard a low moan. At first I thought that the weed was better than I had expected but I could clearly hear moaning. I took another long drag from the joint and tried to figure out where the moaning was coming from. I was also a little concerned that someone may need help. I took another drag of the joint and I heard a distinct female voice.
At first I thought that my friend had returned with his girlfriend while I was asleep and that they were in their bed room. I checked quickly around and there was only my car in the drive way so it was not them. I started to walk down towards the lake, with only the tip of the joint for light. Once at the lake the moans were less audible so after finishing off the joint I returned to the patio and then realized that the moans were coming from the cottage next door. I remembered my friend telling me that his neighbor had just separated from her boy friend and from what I had remembered she was quite hot!
I started to get hard as her moans became more frequent and much louder, that and marijuana always gives me a boner. I decided that I probably would not have a lot of time as my neighbor was really picking up the pace and her orgasm was getting closer. I decide to drop my shorts so that I could have full access to my 6"cock. I started to stroke it using my pre-cum for lubricant. I sat back down in the chair which was facing her house. I was really hard by now and started to stroke my cock with some urgency. I was also emitting my own low moans. My neighbor was really getting close and I could actually hear her hand pounding her obviously wet and gushing pussy. What I would give to have been able to see her as well.
I reached under and started to massage by nut sack with my lefty hand stroking my cock with my right hand. I had now spread my legs over the Adirondack chair so my pelvis was wide apart my cock pointing straight ahead while I jerked off. My neighbor's moans changed to screams as her orgasm hit hard, she just kept coming and coming while my orgasm neared. My neighbor let out a loud Oh! Then all went pretty quiet. While I had wanted to time my orgasm so that I shot off with her I was just a few strokes late my balls became hard and I could feel my cum building at the base of my cock a few more strokes and I would be blowing a hell of a load. I decided that I really wanted to have a super orgasm so just before I was starting to cum I stuck a finger in my ass. This put me over the edge and I could feel my orgasm begin with the leakage of copious amounts of pre-cum, my toes began to curl and my hips rose from the chair.
As I did this my moans became more evident however I could not give a shit, I was experiencing a class A orgasm!
Just as I was about to blow a wad and a half of cum, I heard a noise from the neighbor's house but I could not do anything about it so I just focused on my impending orgasm that I was about to have ...then something happened that I had not even thought about...on came a very bright light from the corner of her house.
It had no affect on my orgasm as I started shooting rope after rope, after rope of cum! It was so over powering that I lost my breath and fell back into the chair. I was still massaging my hard cock covered in cum when the neighbor's door opened and out she came totally nude. The bright light illuminated me and her very well. I could clearly see that she had just experienced her own orgasm as she was slightly disheveled in appearance. She was glowing in a post orgasmic aura.
She approached me and I was able to see that she was truly gorgeous, she was about 30yrs old, about 5'2 with 34 B tits and a tight little body. My cock remained hard and as she came to me she reached out and grasped my hard wet cock and slowly squeezed her hand around it I was in heaven. Within 15 seconds I shot another volley of cum spraying her hand and stomach. I closed my eyes and fell forward towards her.
She steadied me and I quickly regained my balance. I put my hands around her waist and gave her a wet hot kiss, my tongue quickly found hers and we just embraced each other for a few moments. When I regained my composure and breath, I thought it would be only gentlemanly to introduce myself to her. I told her my name and that that my friend had lend me his cottage for a few days. She introduced herself as Julie.
Being in the bright light naked with Julie made the whole experience a little surreal and my cock slowly hardened. I stroked Julie's face and sucked on her nipples I could feel that Julie was also still very aroused as I could hear her low moans in my ear. I took the opportunity of letting my fingers travel down her stomach stopping at the top of her trimmed pussy. I slowly began to massage her clitoris and I could feel that it was very hard. I massaged around it, brushing it ever so slightly with my thumb I could feel Julie's approaching orgasm.
I massaged her slightly quicker and entered two fingers into her hot snatch, I rubbed up and down with my fingers while massaging her engorged clit. Julie began to have small spasms and her body jerked. My fingers were getting very wet and I realized that Julie was a squirter so I massaged her clit and g-spot simultaneously and Julie let out a loud squeal as my hand became drenched with her girl nectar. Luckily I was close enough to her that her squirts shot right on to my cock. Wave after wave hit Julie as I continued my g-spot manipulation but slowed the pace on her clit. Julie kept having spasms as her orgasm slowly subsided. Just as Julie thought her orgasm had finished I must have rubbed her g-spot just right as her eyes widened, her mouth opened and I could feel another wave of girl juice escaping from her hot pussy. Julie came another 2 or 3 times in my arms as I continued to manipulate that wonderful pussy of hers.
By now I was drenched in sweat and girl juice. Julie was almost like a rag doll in my arms. Julie slowly became aware of what had just transpired and there was a look of fear in her eyes. I asked her what was wrong. Julie said that everyone on the other side of the lake must have heard her scream and given that the light was on everyone must have seen us. I reassured her that she was wrong and I went over to her house and turned off the light. When I returned I told her that know one heard her. She asked me how I knew that and I quickly told her that if anyone had seen/heard us they would be booing right now as we just put on the performance of a lifetime!
Julie and I embraced again and she noticed my erection. I asked her if she liked weed and she said she did. I went back in the cottage and got a few more joints and some cold soda. I asked Julie to sit with me in the Adirondack chair so we could share the joints. Julie being so petite easily squeezed in next to me leaving me access to her hot pussy and she to my hard cock. We smoked the joints while masturbating each other. Julie was able to get a finger in my ass stimulating my sensitive prostate. I was able to stroke that pussy of her to another orgasm while Julie stroked me to another 4 rope cum.
We decided that we had better get back in side. It was a little awkward at first not knowing what to do or where to go. Julie suggested that she stay at my cottage for the night which was fine with me. That is another story.