This is the "Vanilla" version of "A date at the Blowjob Cafe". Two other versions are also available (or will be soon): the original "Femdom" and the alternative "Premature".
I had only spoken with her a few times before, so I was surprised when Lily approached me. She tended to keep to herself, but when I talked to her she seemed like an interesting and confident person.
Lily wasn't your typical hot girl. Even at 19, she was short and her breasts were small. She was on the skinny side though not to an unattractive degree. Her hair changed often, currently it was black with red. Long and straight it flowed over her shoulders. Her butt was well-proportioned to her body, nicely shaped, and just big enough to draw your attention.
Her style ranged from complete goth to pink and girly. I don't think I ever saw her in pants, generally she wore skirts, dresses, or short shorts. Though her body was often hidden in baggy tops, shirts, or sweaters, her legs often drew my eyes. Overall her style was definitely more cute than sexy, but damn did it work.
We didn't talk much when she asked me out. I obviously said yes, trying not to seem overexcited, and agreed to pick her up at 7. Then she went on her way. I couldn't help but watch her skirt sway side to side. Just before she rounded a corner she looked back, catching me looking. She just smiled at me.
I tried to prepare for the date, but to be honest I didn't really know what I was doing. I took a shower and put on some nicer clothes. Then I got in the car and drove to the address she gave me.
When I found the right house I took a moment to calm my nerves before walking up. I wasn't sure what to expect from the date. Lily told me to pick her up, so seemingly we were going somewhere. Hopefully she didn't expect me to dance or something...
I rang the doorbell and a moment later the door opened. She looked even better now. She was wearing a short pink sundress and a matching bow in her hair. It even showed some cleavage. I couldn't tell you shit about her makeup, but it looked great. It was still her normal cute style, but only an idiot wouldn't think she was hot now.
"You look beautiful."
Again that smile came out, making me feel like I was melting.
"Thanks, you're not so bad yourself. Ready to go?"
"Yep, let's go."
I lead her to my car and opened the door for her. Not sure if that's dorky or gallant, but Lily seemed to like it.
"So where are we going?"
She bit her lip. "I hope you don't mind. I made a reservation for us at the Blowjob Cafe."
The Blowjob Cafe! I had heard the rumors, but I never thought I would end up going there. It was a fairly new restaurant. The gimmick being that the waitresses would suck off male customers during the meal. Sounds insane right? But apparently, it had been successful so far. The secret was that it only allowed couples. Unlike what you're thinking, it's not for men wanting some fun. It's for women who want to test a potential partner's stamina.
Basically, they would ask out their crush and go to the Blowjob cafe on the first date. If the guy cums too fast, they know not to sleep with them. If they manage to impress the girl, the relationship continues. Of course, they still need to be entertaining enough during the date, or else you could lose her interest that way. And reportedly the employees were very talented at distracting you.
"Sure, sounds fun!"
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck!
"Great!"
We drove the short way to the restaurant and went in. The entrance looked anything like a normal restaurant, but Lily seemed to know where to go. She put in a code in a keypad next to the door and lead me through. Inside was a mostly empty room where we were greeted by a hostess wearing a fairly normal uniform. Lily confirmed our reservation and the hostess told us to follow her.
At this point, I was starting to get really nervous. Both by the prospect of the situation and the security procedures. But my worries were partly lifted when we were led into what finally looked like a restaurant. The decor was nice, though it was a little dark. I could faintly hear other guests enjoying their meal. Customers were seated at nice but simple booths, but only a few empty ones were visible. The others were closed off by heavy curtains.
The hostess brought us to one of the empty tables and told us our waitress would be with us shortly. After that, she closed the curtain, leaving us alone in near silence.
I could feel my heart beating in my chest, I almost started to feel sick from the apprehension. Yet when I looked at Lily, I knew I had to go through with it.
"So have you been here before? You seem to know how everything works."
"Just once. The food is actually pretty good here."
Before I could find something else to talk about the curtain opened and a waitress walked up to our table. Unlike the hostess earlier, this girl was dressed much more provocatively. She was wearing a very short black skirt and a white crop top that was barely containing her boobs. Her breasts and ass were much bigger than Lily's, but they fit perfectly on her hourglass figure. Long blond hair flowed down her shoulders.
Her hips swayed back and forth seductively as she walked in her high heels.
"Good evening, my name is Monica and I'll be taking care of you today."
As she talked, I couldn't help but focus on her bright red lips. The prospect of those around my dick both excited and terrified me.
"Is this your first time here?"
"No, we know how it works." Lily answered for us. I wouldn't have minded an explanation if only to buy time, but I was not able to formulate the words necessary to say it.
"Alright then." She placed two menus down in front of us. "I'll give you a minute to decide and get started in the meantime."
And before I knew what was happening, Monica started climbing under the table.
She quickly got on her hands and knees and crawled between my legs. My eyes were glued on her, as she sat on her knees and put her hands on my tights. Her top was straining to contain her full boobs. She smiled at me, but something about her eyes made me shiver. A mix of mischief and pure evil, she was gonna enjoy this.
My attention snapped back to Lily as she started talking. "Any idea what you're getting? I remember the chicken being very good."
"Chicken sounds great. You do you want to get like a bottle of wine or..?" As I was trying to read the menu, I felt Monica's hands start to move closer to my crotch. Slowly rubbing up and down my tights, inching closer and closer. My dick was rock-hard already.
"I think I'll just have a coke. Besides you probably need to keep your focus, unless you were gonna go for whisky dick or something."
"Ha, better not I suppose." Her fingers just barely brushed against my tip, causing my voice to jump. Right after though her hands disappeared. I couldn't resist looking down to see what she was doing, but I quickly regretted it. Monica held a hair tie between her lips as she gathered her hair into a ponytail. I could see her hard nipples through her crop top, guess she was getting aroused too. She finished tying up her hair and looked back up, meeting my eyes. Once again she flashed that terrifying smile. Before I could avert my eyes, her hands went to the bottom of her top and pulled it up. Her tits got pulled up with it until they finally dropped free, bouncing for a second before settling down. It was the first time I saw boobs in real life, but I was pretty sure it was the best pair I would ever see. My dick twitched just looking at it. It took everything I had to resist reaching out to them. Monica gave them a quick grope and squeezed her nipples. Then she slowly licked her lips before bringing her hands back up.
Clearly, foreplay was over.
She wasted no time in getting my pants off down and my underwear followed a second later. Her hand wrapped around my shaft and softly started going up and down. I tried to refocus on the menu, but then I felt her tongue on my penis. Slowly going up from the base all the way to the tip, circling around before moving back down. As she kept stroking me she sucked my balls into her mouth one at a time.
When I managed to recover from the initial shock, I saw Lily smiling at me. "It's even harder than you expected, isn't it? They really are skilled" she said.
"Yeah, she certainly knows what she's doing."
"You're lucky I'm not the jealous type. I have heard some girl take their dates here and then get mad when the guy they're with has a hard time paying them attention. Personally, I find it quite fun watching you lose focus. I still want you to try, of course, I'm just a little more forgiving."
As Lily was saying this, Monica's mouth was enveloping my head for the first time. Her tongue was darting around as she took me a little deeper every time she went down. I felt my orgasm building already. Monica was relentless as she continued sucking my dick. It didn't take long before she could go no further without deepthroating me. I thought that would at least be the limit for a while, but Monica had other plans. Just a few tries later and she took me all the way in, keeping me there for a second before coming back up. I couldn't help but watch the evil grin on her face as she prepared to go down again.
"Of course, I can also help out a little. This should make it easier to focus on me" Lily said, drawing my attention once more. She crossed her arms underneath her small breasts, pushing them up to show a little more cleavage.
"It's certainly something worth looking at, though I'm afraid it's a little counterproductive right now." My breathing was getting heavy at this point and I was having trouble keeping my voice stable. "Yeah, I think I'm just getting the chicken, with a salad on the side."
Monica had started yet again, going even faster than before. I couldn't help but groan as my orgasm was approaching fast.
Lily giggled as she same me struggling. "Same for me, don't forget to order our drinks as well. I'm just going to the toilet to touch up my makeup. You might wanna avoid watching my butt as I go, but then again, it's really cute isn't it?"
She was right, her ass looked great as she walked away from our booth. Even worse, she flipped up her dress for a moment, allowing me a glimpse of her white panties.
"Monica?"
She continued sucking bringing me ever closer to the edge.
"Monica please, I really like her. Give me a chance."
Monica did not seem to care for my plight. As she went back up, she kept just the head of my dick in her mouth. Circling around with her tongue, driving me crazy. Her right hand jerked me off, while her left played with my balls.
"Please! There must be something I can do?"
Just as I was about to cum, she stopped. She looked up at me and put her top back in place. "Oh fine, even I'm not cruel enough to make you cum before your food arrives." She crawled out from under the table. "I have to go put in your order anyway. Here." She handed me a key. "Go to the employee's restroom, I'll meet you there in a minute. Though you may not like my offer."
It took me a minute to catch my breath. This night was really not going how I wanted it to. At least Monica was willing to make some kind of deal. Though I had no idea what she could want from me.
Luckily the way the restaurant was set up, I was able to go into the employee's restroom unseen. I went into a stall and waited.
It wasn't long before I heard the door open again.
"You in here?"
I opened the door to let her in and stepped back. Monica closed the door behind her and leaned against it. "So, you want me to go easy on you huh?"
"I just don't wanna screw it up, Lily is amazing."
"Well at least your smart enough to realise that." She stepped close to me and put her hand on my crotch, squeezing tightly. "The question is are you good enough for her, that's kind of the point of this restaurant remember?"
Monica seemed lost in thought for a moment, before looking me in the eyes. She brought her face even closer to mine, her lips barely an inch from touching me.
"Kiss me."
"No?" I wasn't sure what Monica wanted, but kissing other girls is generally a bad way to prove you are worth someone.
"Normally a great answer, but not right now. If your dick can't impress Lily we need to find something else. So come on, kiss me!"
I hesitated for just a second longer, but looking into her bright blue eyes I couldn't resist any longer. I closed my eyes, carefully bridged the final space between us, and kissed her. Her soft full lips were amazing, but I quickly pulled away again.
"Cute, but that's not gonna get her pussy wet is it?"
More eager now, I dove back in. Our lips locked again, but this time I didn't stop. I opened my lips and she reciprocated letting me slip my tongue into her mouth. I put my hands on her hips as I explored inside. Her tongue enthusiastically met mine. She showed no sign of stopping, but I finally had to pull back to catch my breath.
Monica was smiling this time. "That's more like it, but preferably you want me to be the one gasping." She took my left hand and pulled it onto her breast. "See? My heart may be beating a little faster, but my nipples are still soft."
I had some very conflicted feelings as I was both touching boobs for the first time and fearing I may lose my chance with Lily.
"You've got to let loose, use the same passion of that tongue, but with your full body." She took my hands again and placed them firmly on her ass. "I won't bite you kn...!"
She didn't get the chance to finish her sentence. At this point, I had nothing to lose. I either convinced her or I didn't, either way, I was gonna make the best of this situation.
I went in for the kiss for a third time, not wasting even a second now. My hands started groping her firm butt. Her cheeks were absolutely perfect and I couldn't resist giving them a slap, eliciting a muffled shriek from her.
My right hand searched for and quickly slid under her waistband. Immediately I got a handful of bare flesh, only a thong between me and Monica's most intimate places. My other arm reached back up to her breasts, enjoying the soft mounds filling my grasp.
I pulled back from our kiss and instead focused my attention on her neck. Working my way down as I tugged her crop top up and over her tits, letting them spring free once again. The sight was as breathtaking as the first time, but this time I didn't even try to resist. I took one nipple into my mouth and played with the other between my fingers. Monica let out a soft moan and threw her head back. As my tongue swirled around, it didn't take long for her nipples to become rock-hard.
I enjoyed myself for a moment. Monica's nipples seemed very sensitive and I loved getting her to react to my touches. I wondered if I could make her orgasm from just her nipples, but I was too scared of letting her get bored. I had some momentum now, I was definitely on the right path. The question is how far should I take it?
My right hand had left her full butt and was creeping around to the front when I felt a curious shape in her pocket. I snuck my fingers in there and slowly pulled it out, doing my best to keep her attention on my efforts with her boobs.
I had managed to grab two objects. The first I recognized by just the shape, for the other I had to glance down for a moment. In my hand I had a small butt plug with a fake pink jewel at the end and a packet of lube.
I felt Monica starting to look down as well, but I quickly pulled her into another kiss. I put the plug and lube in my pocket for now. I wasn't sure how happy she would be with me trying to insert it, but she asked for passion, and if there was anything I was passionate about at that moment it was stuffing that plug up her cute butt. There was no way she was leaving without that jewel between her cheeks.
Still, I needed to warm her up more and continue to escalate my exploration of her body. Not to mention that I needed to get back to my date soon!
I returned my hands to her hips. Despite the short pause, I was eager to continue to her pussy. My left hand went to her backside, caressing her ass once again. Slowly I let it slip downwards until I reached the hem of her skirt. Then I pulled the black fabric up, letting it sit above her waist, exposing more of her skin and the white thong covering the last of her modesty.
My other hand left her hip as well, moving to the front just above her pussy. I touched her thighs, sensually tracing around, teasing her just enough to want more. Finally, I brushed my fingers along her slit. The anticipation caused her to flinch onto her tiptoes, but she quickly settled back down, resting her pussy on my waiting hand. I could feel the warmth radiating from it and her panties were noticeably wet.
I slid her thong down her legs and she stepped out of them.
"I want those back."
I put them in my pocket. "Maybe later you can convince me. Right now you need to focus on keeping those legs spread."
I knelt down in front of her. Her pussy right in my face. I took a second to soak in the view. Her skin was absolutely pristine. The inner labia stuck out just a bit between her lips, parted slightly from her arousal. Her clit stood out proudly on top.
I ran a finger through her lips, dipping into her opening just a bit. Getting another stifled moan out of Monica. Then I stuck it in my mouth and tasted her juices. Slightly sweet. I decided it was time for the main course.
I lowered my lips and laid a soft kiss on her mound. My fingers went to her lips again and pulled them apart, then my tongue gave a long, slow lick. Monica shuttered, it seemed my teasing was starting to get to her. I licked her again, then started exploring every part of her. Side to side, starting all the way from the bottom and going up to finally pass over her clit and even pushing into her opening.
I had no idea what I was doing, but it didn't seem to matter. I wanted to taste everything and Monica seemed sensitive everywhere I touched. Her clit especially, so I used my fingers to tease it, while my tongue was focused on going deeper and deeper. Her hips lifted against her will, but I grabbed her ass with my other hand to hold her and simply followed her up. Not letting my mouth leave her pussy for a second.
Monica's breathing was getting heavier by the second and she couldn't help but moan as I played with her most sensitive parts. I loved every second of it but also needed to be quick. I took her clit into my mouth and focused all my effort on it. Monica let out a shriek as the pleasure overwhelmed her and her hips started to buck.
I had to hold her steady as she leaned against the door, but I didn't let up. I inserted a finger from my free hand into her pussy and pushed it in and out a few times. Monica moaned loudly as I added a second one. I made sure they were completely coated in her juices before pulling them all the way out and moving my hand further back.
I left her clit alone for a while and started licking all around her pussy again. Her arousal was dripping down her legs and eagerly lapped it all up. I was pretty sure Monica was getting close, so I decided now was the time to go for her ass.
My hand slipped between her cheeks as the other pulled them apart. My finger found her asshole and spread some of the juices to make it go as smooth as possible. I applied a little pressure to test the waters.
"Hey, get your haaaaahhhhh!!!"
Monica's sentence broke off into a long moan as I redoubled my efforts on her clit and pushed my finger into her ass at the same time. I went back and forth, slowly adding a little more each time until my full finger was up her butt. Monica still couldn't collect her breath to protest as I started trying to insert another finger next to the first. It was tight, but with her slick juices, I managed to get it in. Slowly I kept fingering her to prepare her for what was about to come next.
I was taking a big risk here, normally I would not go for surprise anal as the way to impress a girl, but I felt like I had to go all out here. Luckily, Monica despite her attempted protest didn't seem to hate it. The butt plug was a bit of a give away of course, but this could have gone very differently. Now I just needed to bring it home.
I could feel Monica getting close, so I just kept doing what I was doing. Licking, sucking, focusing mostly on her clit but giving her pussy some attention every once in a while. And slowly fingering her ass at the same time. Her moans were getting louder and louder to the point that I was worried someone might hear us outside the bathroom.
One hand in my hair, the other fondling her breast she was quickly approaching the climax. I kept going and going! Giving everything I had on her sensitive clit! Until finally I felt her get right to the edge. And then I pulled away.
"Turn around" I said and guided her hips as she was not ready to do it on her own yet. I managed to get her to face the door and stick her ass out.
Monica was breathing heavily. "Why did you stop?"
"Thought you would enjoy a taste of your own medicine. Hold still." I quickly got the lube and spread it over the plug. Spreading her her ass with one hand, I quickly pushed the plug all the way inside. It slid in with ease after all the prep I did and once it was past the halfway point the rest got sucked in without my help.
"Ahhh!" Monica was starting to come down a little now. "Alright you had your fun, can you finish me off now?" She wiggled her ass at me invitingly, the pink jewel sticking out between her cheeks.
"Nope, I think I've proven enough." I stood up from beneath her. Gave her ass a good spank, eliciting another shriek from Monica, and pulled down her skirt. Then I exited the stall and started washing my hands.
I had actually gone for it! Now all I could do was hope that Monica wasn't too pissed off. If I was lucky, keeping her horny could help me out further in the date. I could hear her straighten her clothes and it was a moment before she left the stall as well.
"Got over your shyness real quick huh? Didn't think you had it in you. You know, I'm pretty sure you could have fucked me right there and I wouldn't have complained for a second."
I continued washing my hands but caught a quick glance of her in the mirror. She was back to Monica the waitress, except for the significant blush on her face and neck. I couldn't see if she still had the plug in though.
"Maybe next time. As fun as this was, I think my date might object to me fucking our waitress."
"Right, Lily, I suppose you have earned my help with that. I should be mad, but I'm honestly a little jealous. I'll make sure you can continue your date, from there it's up to you."
She joined me at the sink as I dried my hands and started to leave.
"Wait, I need my panties back."
I was already halfway out the door as I answered: "We'll deal with that later. I have a date to get back to!"
I took a moment to calm down while getting back to the table. As well as that had gone, that was fucking nerve-racking. I don't even know where all of that came from, I just went with what came into my head and somehow it worked out??? And now I have to return to my date and act like nothing happened. Not to mention that I set myself up to potentially see Monica again!
I touched the panties in my pocket. Maybe I should dumb them now, no way to explain it if Lily finds out about them.
Do I even want to see Monica again? Spending time with Lily has been amazing so far and it's not like she isn't sexy herself. Her teasing at the table almost pushed me over the edge. Pushing up her breasts, flashing her panties, even how openly she talked about what was happening... Being with her would be interesting for sure.
But Monica was like sex incarnate. Like Aphrodite manifested right before my eyes! Not to mention an almost sure thing, that much was clear. Still... I knew pretty much nothing about her. How would she actually be as a person?
As tempting as it might be, I didn't want to cheat. I would have to figure it out somehow. It was only a first date anyway, maybe the problem would solve itself.
When I got back to the booth, Lily was already there. She was scrolling on her phone. I couldn't help but be surprised again by how lucky I was. Just seeing this breathtakingly cute woman waiting for me when I got back made my heart swell with happiness.
I slipped into the booth and Lily looked up. "Hey, you're back. I was starting to get a little worried."
"Yeah sorry, I had to convince Monica to let me go to the restroom too."
Lily burst out laughing. "Yeah that's Monica for you, will never let go of a good dick once she has it."
"Guess I'll take it as a compliment then. Anyway, I hope our food gets here soon, I'm starving."
She put her phone away and leaned forward on the table. "Funny, most guys that come here are far too distracted to worry about eating."
"What can I say, you got me excited for the chicken and the pussy."
"1. That's terrible, 2. I'm glad you're excited. As a matter of fact, I think the pussy is pretty excited for you too, shame you can't pet it."
"It truly is a shame, I would love to hear her purr."
"Sadly the restaurant doesn't allow animals inside, so that will have to wait."
Our terrible flirting was interrupted by the arrival of Monica and another waitress. She put our plates on the table "The chicken with side salad."
The second waitress who was dressed in similar style as Monica bent over at the waist to place down our drinks. I couldn't help but look down her top as it was pulled open by gravity and just managed to catch a glimpse of nipple. Just before standing back up, she winked at me. These girls were killers, but luckily I now had my deal with Monica. At this point, the whole restaurant staff could come and flash me and it would just make my evening better.
I still couldn't tell if Monica had to plug in, but she did seem a little flushed. However, that could also be from our fun earlier or the lack of panties.
The other waitress left the booth and Monica brought my attention back to the present. "Please enjoy your meals. If there is anything else you need please ask, in the meantime I'll get back to it."
"Please do, wouldn't want him to get out of the mood."
Monica crawled back under the table and reappeared between my legs. She opened my pants and pulled them down to my ankles. She flashed me a smile before slowly starting to jerk me again. I was pretty sure Monica wouldn't let me down, so I pretty much got to enjoy a great meal, with great company, while getting a great blowjob, without having to worry. Pretty good deal.
Lily took a first bite. "Delicious. Did she start yet?"
I just nodded as I just took a bite as well.
"Hey Monica, I heard you didn't want to let go of John. Found something you liked?"
Monica seemed a little surprised to be included in the conversation but quickly answered without stopping the handjob. "Yeah, it's pretty great. Want a taste?"
"Well I wouldn't want my food to get cold, so it's all yours for now."
"Your loss." And with that, she took my cock fully into her mouth.
Apparently, it was pretty obvious what had just happened, because Lily burst out laughing as she saw my reaction.
"Guess she took that to heart huh?"
"Sure did." It was a little hard concentrating now that Monica was fully back to sucking my dick, but at least the conversation was pretty simple so far, so I was able to keep up. "By the way, I get the feeling that you and Monica are a little more familiar than you let on?"
Lily smiled at me. "You caught on to that huh? Yeah, Monica and I have been friends for a while. She was my waitress the first time I came here. Terrible date, but at least I got to take that piece of ass home." Her grin grew even wider as she said that.
"You and Monica? Didn't expect you to swing both ways."
I don't know if it was a reaction to our conversation or just a coincidence, but Monica was doing some serious work between my legs. I was pretty sure she was timing her movements to bury me in her throat every time I tried to talk.
"I prefer guys most of the time. But I mean... just look at her."
"No argument there." I managed to take another bite as I felt Monica's tongue swirling around the tip of my dick. She was getting me dangerously close. "They should try sending two waitresses per table."
"Well most women aren't bi and most men don't want other men to pleasure their date. I wouldn't mind trying that with Monica though. She's as good at eating pussy as she is at sucking dick." I could feel Monica speed up even more, bringing me right to the edge. "I'm pretty sure I would cum within a few minutes, but then again, I could keep going after. Such an embarrassing idea. Unable to hold it in such a public place, right in front of your date. So hot though."
It almost seemed like a coordinated attack. Lily talking about getting her pussy licked and cumming right in front of me. Monica going nuts on my cock. I was about to lose it until suddenly Monica pulled away.
I thought she was just giving me a break, thanking whatever god was out there for our deal. But then I realized she wasn't between my legs at all!
I was confused for a moment until I heard Lily's surprised scream. "Hey! What are you doing?" Her face went from startled to pleasured in mere seconds.
I quickly looked under the table and was greeted by Monica's bare ass and pussy. Her head was buried between Lily's legs as her arms held her knees spread. Lily made some weak attempts to push her away but seemed to have mostly accepted it. I could only assume Monica was licking away at her pussy. I did finally confirm that Monica was still wearing the plug. Its pink jewel was sticking out between her perfect, smooth cheeks, making for a mesmerising sight.
I sat back up to see how Lily was doing. Her head was lying back looking at the ceiling, her hands beneath the table near her crotch but not doing anything.
"Guess Monica thought it was hot too."
"Yeahhhhmmm" Her attempt to answer trailed off into a moan. "I suppose I deserve to experience it myself after teasing you so much." She bit her lip, trying to hold in further embarrassing noises. "I don't know how you managed to pay attention to anything with this slut between your legs."
"It's a mystery to me too, though seeing you like this is not any less distracting."
"How about we leave dinner for later and you just get over here and kiss me?"
Now that's an offer I couldn't refuse. I quickly slipped out of the booth and sat back down next to Lily. Her pink dress was hiked up above her waist and Monica had pulled her panties to the side, exposing the cutest pussy I had ever seen. I had only seen two so far, but Monica was serious competition.
As expected, Monica was working between her legs. As determined to make Lily orgasm as she had been to make me cum. Lily was quickly approaching her climax and looked at me with begging eyes.
I went in for the kiss and slipped my tongue into her mouth. Lily's tongue swirled around mine as she moaned under Monica's. My hand went into her dress and embraced her small breast. catching her hard nipple between my fingers and playing with it, adding further to her pleasure.
Lily managed to pull away from our kiss for a moment. "This date started as a test for you and now somehow I'm about to orgasm while you watch. I think you passed."
I was about to answer when I felt a hand insistently pulling my leg. I looked down to see Monica signaling me to come down.
"Hold that thought."
I gave Lily a quick last kiss and slit down the bench under the table. Monica had that same mischievous glint back in her eyes and bent over to whisper into my ear. "You take over, show her what you showed me!"
We switched places and I started licking Lily's pussy. It was clear Monica got her close to orgasm already. Her juices were flowing out and her clit stood proud above her lips. Using the same pattern I had on Monica earlier I did my best to wow Lily. Licking her lips in long strong then focusing on her clit for a while. Lily started letting out cute moans again and I felt Monica climb up beside me.
Wanting to try something else I slowly inserted a finger into her pussy. I circled her clit with my tongue as I went back and forth, getting a little more in each time. When my whole finger was in I carefully started feeling around until I thought I found it. I focused my attention there rubbing my finger over it. Lily almost jerked away when I did, surprised by the pleasure.
I added another finger and went back to rubbing her G-spot. At the same time, I stopped circling her clit and started licking it directly. Immediately Lily's moans got a lot louder. I heard Monica talking to her and looked up to see what was going on. She had taken my place and was groping Lily's tits. "He's good isn't he?" She noticed me looking and got closer to Lily's ear. I saw her whispering but could no longer make out what she was saying. Even if Lily could follow what she was being told, she certainly wasn't able to answer.
It wasn't long before I noticed Lily get to the edge and this time there was no stopping it. I kept licking her clit and fingering her pussy as her body started shaking. Her moans became louder and louder until finally, her body went rigid.
Slowly Lily came down from her high and caught her breath. I started to climb up as well, but Lily pushed me back. "Wait there."
She grabbed Monica with surprising strength and threw her over her lap. Monica let out a shriek but didn't try to escape. Her skirt was pulled up to expose her full behind. "No panties, a butt plug in your ass, and your pussy is dripping. Just like you said..." A hard slap landed on her ass, eliciting another shriek. "This is what you get slut. You're supposed to blow the customers, not seduce them." A second spank followed on her other cheek. "Guess we'll have to discipline you, you might lose your job if you keep doing this.
She kept spanking Monica's beautiful ass. Sadly I didn't have the best view, but I had to imagine it was starting to turn pretty red by now. I didn't expect the normally soft and cute-looking Lily to be able to take charge like that. Monica wiggled in place but didn't make any attempts to get up. In fact, she started letting out little pleasured moans every time Lily's hand came down.
"Louder slut, let him hear how much you like it." Lily looked down at me and continued: "She might look all confident in her waitress act, but I know better than anyone how much she enjoys being dominated." That pushed Monica over the edge and she let out a long whiny moan.
"That should do it." Lily pushed Monica back up, who carefully sat back down on her sore butt. "Sit straight and spread your legs skank. She looked at me again. "Start licking and don't stop until she is screaming."
My girlfriend telling me to make another girl scream is not something I'm gonna question. I did glance up at Monica. If she was in pain, her face did not show it. She seemed embarrassed when she caught me looking, but mostly she looked needy. Even more than when I left her on the edge before.
Lily nudged me with her foot and I refocused on my task. I scooted over to sit between Monica's knees and started licking again. I was happily growing more familiar with her pussy and likes. Monica was already breathing very heavily and was more than ready to finally reach her orgasm. Not wanting to tease her any longer I went straight for her sensitive button and got her moaning straight away.
Not long after she started getting louder, but then it seemed like the sound got muffled. I simply kept going determined to satisfy her. After only a minute she too was shaking above me and I pulled away.
A hand on my hand stopped me. "I didn't hear any screams. Keep going." Above me I saw Lily holding a hand tight over Monica's mouth, stopping any noises coming out. Of course, I went along with whatever Lily was planning, so I went back to Monica's pussy. Monica for her part started squirming a lot more, probably still sensitive from the intense orgasm she just had. But she didn't have the strength to escape both me and Lily.
This time I decided to go all out and finger her as well. My first finger went in easily and I added another right away. I now knew where to look, so it wasn't long before I found Monica's G-spot too. I started fingering her faster while still licking and sucking her clit and it wasn't long before she started shaking again. Lily took her hand off Monica's mouth and I heard the loudest moans yet.
It took quite a while for Monica to quiet down and I was sure people would have heard, but no one came.
I backed away again and this time no one stopped me. I crawled out from under the table. Monica was slumped back in her seat and Lily smiled at me. "Well done. I'll have to give you more chances to use that talented tongue of yours." She turned to Monica. "Are you back on earth yet? You still have a job to do remember?"
She started pushing Monica out of the booth and followed right behind her. Monica was slowly starting to come to her senses. "What?"
"You're supposed to make John cum remember? Little late, but at least you can thank him for those orgasms you just had." Lily grabbed me and pushed me onto the corner of the seat. Then she knelt in front of me and pulled Monica down with her. She pushed Monica's head down to my cock, which was still rock hard from everything. Monica took me into her mouth and started going up and down. I wasn't gonna last long at this point, but I tried to last so I could enjoy this a little longer. Lily grinned at me before putting a hand on the back of Monica's head and pushing her down further. To her credit, Monica didn't hesitate and simply took me into her throat. After a few seconds, LIly let her come back up. Then she started controlling Monica's movement. Up and down, her tongue swirling around, teasing my head. Then back down her throat again. I felt my orgasm approaching and Lily knew it too. Just as I went over the edge, she pulled Monica back and started jerking my dick. The most intense orgasm of my life washed over me as my cum sprayed all over their faces. I don't think I ever came that much.
When it finally stopped both their faces were covered in my cum.
"You better take me on a second date after this."
I laughed a little. "Maybe next time we'll even be able to eat our dinner."
I expected them to go clean up, but they both seemed happy as they were. Monica called another waitress over to clean the table and we all walked back to the entrance together.
I wasn't sure how to act now that the horniness was gone. I told Monica it was nice to meet her and that I hoped I would see her again. Didn't want to piss off Lily after all that, though that seemed pretty unlikely.
I went to get the car, leaving them alone for a moment. When I drove up to the entrance, they were talking enthusiastically. Before Lily started walking over I was just able to catch the end of their conversation.
"You better let me join in again. I'm gonna be fantasizing about tonight for a month."
I drove Lily home and walked her to the door. "Talk to you soon alright?"
"You better!" Her expression became more serious after that last joke. "Good night John."
"Good night."