---------------------------------------------
I have always loved the attention of men. I was what most people call a flirt and a tease when I was younger and teasing men was fun and very exciting. My husband David was a sweet and thoughtful man and his death in Afghanistan was so devastating. With my unexpected freedom, I started thinking about dressing the way I used to so I could feel my long lost power over men again. I started reading literotica mostly out of boredom and curiosity. Slowly I became addicted to taboo sex stories and videos.
Please don't judge me too harshly.
---------------------------------------------
While writing Chapter 1 of Making Mom, I began to masturbate almost daily with illicit thoughts of actually dressing like a slut and parading around in front of my 18 year old son Jason. I knew that it really was just harmless fantasy. My addiction to porn was growing, with lust distorting my judgement. As many stories as I read, I began to fantasize of ways I could give myself a good thrill and him something hot to think about when he was making himself cum.
After all, all boys love their mother and I knew I would be able to control the situation. Because it was the basis for Chapter 1, I went to a department store and purchased a beautiful white silky robe that was way too short. I also bought the panties that best fit into my story. I couldn't wait to put them on, so I paid for my items and hurried home.
Jason was still in school, and I could safely wear my scanty outfit in the living room and bring myself to orgasm on our tan and white stripe couch, fantasizing that I was once again just a shameless tease who loved power over men. I kind of laid back a little with my feet propped up on the coffee table and legs spread as I slid one hand down my tummy and inside my tight white panties. I began gently rubbing along on my dampening slit and pinched my nipples to stiffness with my other hand, my arousal aided by my tongue flicking my rose bud tips.
Oh God, it was such an incredible feeling, pretending that I could be exposed like this in front of Jason if he accidentally walked in on me and saw me like that and when the waves of pleasure overcame me so forcefully, I nearly passed out from my exploding orgasm. Slowly, I made myself get up and I showered, the water not washing away the desire to expose myself.
Back in my bedroom, I dried off and stepped into the still damp panties I pleasured myself in earlier. With my orgasmic pleasure subsiding, I once again was able to convince myself that it was all just a harmless fantasy and that nothing would come of it. Without any real thought, I pulled on a pair of old cutoff jeans and slipped one of my strap tee shirts on. I brushed out my wet honey blonde hair and put it up in a ponytail.
I went downstairs and was in the kitchen preparing burgers and fries for supper when I heard the front door open and then shut with a hurried bang.
"Hey Mom! I'm home!" my 18 year old yelled out, no doubt thinking I was upstairs.
"I'm in the kitchen, honey. How does a cheesy burger and fries sound for supper?" I replied back, a little sweaty from being close to the hot stove. I half turned smiling at the sound of his footsteps entering the kitchen.
"Oh yeah!" Jason exclaimed as he walked up behind me and planted a sweet kiss on my left cheek.
"That's my favorite! How long before it's ready?", he asked, looking at the stove top, then giving my ponytail a playful tug as he awaited my answer. For some reason, his pull on my long hair made my lower belly flutter madly but I managed to tell him supper would be ready in another 15 minutes.
I was expecting him to tell me he was going to watch TV or play his video games but instead he stood quietly behind me, looking over my shoulder and down toward the stove top. I instinctively followed his glance and with a shock, I saw that my tee shirt was damp with my sweat! I wasn't wearing a bra and my son's blue eyes was riveted on my breasts outlined, nipples visibly hard and jutting against the cotton.
This was my fantasy come true! Arousal clouded my thinking, and I was barely able to act as though nothing was amiss. It was less than a minute and then, releasing my bound up hair, he stammered in a slightly strangled voice, "Jesus, it's sure hot in here, Mom..." and sat down at the table just a few feet away.
I continued to pretend that I was focused on preparing supper with my back to him but I felt the searing lust of his gaze and it was causing my panties to soak through. I felt that power again and I was very happy that I hadn't tossed out the raggedy old jeans when they got tight and turned them into cutoffs instead. I knew the material hugged my bottom and Jason was almost hypnotized by my subtle moves from side to side as I finally made him a plate. I couldn't help but glance at his crotch when I set his food down in front of him and sure enough, my son was rock hard with desire!
"Thanks Mom, is there any ketchup?" he asked, picking up a french fry and munching on it.
"Oh... of course, honey. Let me get it for you." I answered and moved to the fridge. I was struck with a dirty impulse when I pulled the door open. Knowing full well the effect that I was having on Jason, I bent over a little too much and arched my back with my feet barely apart.
"God Jesus..." I just barely heard my son murmur behind me. I knew he was taking in my curved display so after I straightened up slowly, I walked back to the table with ketchup in hand. I also brought him a coke.
"Here you are.", I said, sitting both down next his plate. I run my fingers through his hair rumpling it for him. "Enjoy your supper, baby!", and started walking out of the kitchen.
"Hey...where are you going, Mom? You're not eating?" Jason asked, turning in his chair and watching my every move. I was on fire all over from what I had just experienced and had to gather my thoughts.
"In a few minutes. I'm too hot right now and need to cool off first." I said and continued on and went back upstairs to my room. I closed my door and collapsed on my bed, and furiously rubbed my burning pussy through my cutoffs. It was less than 30 seconds and I came again in an wet gushing explosion. I laid on my bed with my legs spread lewdly for a couple of minutes.
I could hardly believe what had just happened! I felt dirty deliberately arousing my sweet handsome son. I knew Jason was down there, hard and would be stroking himself later thinking of me. It was with that in mind, I decided that I would give him more to think about to stroke his young flesh with. I knew after his reaction earlier to my cutoffs and tee shirt, that my story outfit would turn him mad with helpless desire and I wasn't even trying then!
I was resolute with my plan to tease Jason. Getting up off of my bed, I went to my full length mirror and stripped out of my clothes. I was still athletic, my skin fair and smooth. I was proud of my firm breasts with very little sag and my butt was nicely rounded, almost peachy. I didn't put on much makeup, however, I went heavy on the cherry red lipstick to match my nails. Impulsively, I used some mascara to darken my blue eyes.
Before I could talk myself out of what I was preparing for, I slid back into my now used panties and my too short white robe, then brushed my long honey blonde hair out until it cascaded silkily down my back. As sexy as I was feeling, I looked at my feet and decided I'd put on my spiked high heels so I that my butt would wiggle more when I walked. I remember thinking, "Oh God, what am I doing?" yet I motivated by my desire to be a tease once more.
I dug through my closet looking for the perfect heels and went with my white spikes because I walked easy in them. Slipping my feet into them, I slightly bent and angled my leg and admired the way they complemented my slender well formed feet. I took a couple deep breaths to steady myself and then opened my bedroom door to go back downstairs to the kitchen.
I was so excited and even a little bit scared as I made it to the foot of the stairs. My heels tapped on the wooden floor of the hall as I approached the kitchen entry with my heart pounding. I stopped long enough to loosen the belt on my robe just enough to expose more of my tummy for his view and with my breasts barely covered, I walked into the kitchen saying, "Like some de.....", my carefully rehearsed words falling short in the empty room. Only his mostly empty plate remained on the table and I started losing my nerve fast.
"Jason?", I called out, wondering if he was in his room or had gone out. I picked his plate up and went to the sink to rinse it off. "Honey?" I asked again, louder.
"Yes Mom? In here.", he answered me from down the hall and in the living room. I was having second thoughts now that I had to work up my courage again. Sin won out as I felt my addiction to lust propel me. I wanted to be looked at with desire and the prospect of showing off my body to Jason had me wet. I walked slowly on high heels, composing myself as I entered the living room.
Before I could change my mind, I made my hips sway seductively and walked up close to his end of the couch. I saw blue eyes widen, then narrow as he finally registered my change in clothing. I stood on high heels slightly hipshot within a foot or so of Jason sitting. His eyes roved slowly, burning me as he deliberately let his eyes rest on bottom vee of my exposed panties. I knew he could see the damp moisture gleaming on the inner flesh of my thighs and fresh heat was leaking into my panties.
"Would you like some dessert, baby?" I purred, finally using my line. I expected... I'm not so sure now what I expected but I felt the hold my body was having on him and I was nearly drunk with lust and power. Curiously, my son looked up into my eyes for a few seconds without answering me and then once again looked directly at my panty covered mound.
"I love that robe on you, Mom," Jason said softly, not really answering me, just reaching out and feeling the hem of it. He caressed the material and soon my belly button too was exposed for his eyes. I could see his hard flesh outlined, straining against his pants. God, I was so wet. Suddenly, his fingers was crudely and harshly massaging my slit, and I felt silk being forced past parted lips. "Is these fuckin' whore panties made out of the same slutty shit?", he growled.
Shocked by his nasty words and rough fingers, I tried backing away from this sudden stranger. I had to regain control of the situation fast so I cried out "Jason!" and brought my right hand back to give him a quick hard slap across his face. As I swung on him, my wrist was quickly caught and then he pulled me so hard toward him, I lost my balance and fell across the couch face down with my shins on the armrest. Laying partially on his lap, I felt his throbbing hardness through his jeans pressed against the bare skin a few inches above my knee.
Jason was pulling at my robe and before I fully realized his true intentions, he had yanked the silken white belt loose and then my wrists were secured tightly behind my back and I was in trouble.
Frightened, I begged him. "Please, Baby! Let me go! I was... I was...only...", I trailed off. I couldn't explain that I felt powerful and in control as an exhibitionist. I squealed in shocked pain as his open hand slammed onto my butt checks, first the left and then my right.
"Spread your thighs, you fuckin' slut! I'm going to show you what you was doing!" My son ordered me. I struggled to escape this sudden abuse only to have him grab a fistful of my hair and pull my head back hard. Jason then ripped my panties down, tearing them from my body and told me again. "Fucking spread 'em now!" I was helpless and reluctantly, I moved my right leg until my knee was on the carpet. My thighs was spread wide open, and facedown as I was, my ass, red and burning, was on full display.
"Oh yeah..." I heard him breath, almost to himself, "You know what you was doing, you whore." Without warning, he pushed me off his lap and kneeling onto the floor. My breasts heaving, Jason took notice of my cherry red lips and the fact that I had used some on my nipples. With undisguised contempt, he said to me, "Really? On your tits, too? Mom..." and then cruelly twisted both my cherry covered nubs viciously. I opened my mouth to scream in pain when he slammed my soiled panties in my mouth, cutting of my sound. My tears ran down my face, streaking mascara as he once again brutally pinched and twisted, pawing my breasts. My cries of pain were muffled by my panties but Jason didn't care.
I looked on my son fearfully when he stood. He slowly stripped down, telling me I was nothing but a nasty teasing whore and soon I'd be nothing more than his cum bucket. "Come here, bitch, now", he ordered me after he stepped out of his boxers. Awkwardly, I crawled to him on my knees with my hands still tied behind my back.
When I close enough, he again grabbed my long hair and forced my head until I was looking into his cold hard eyes. He pulled my panties back out of my mouth and then pushed my head back down with his one hand while he guided his thick cock to my cherry red lips.
"Suck!" he commanded. I opened my mouth to accept my son and he wasted no time in gagging me with hard thrusts. "Yeah, baby, I knew you was a cocksucker." he panted, fists in my hair rocking my head up and down faster. "Fuckin' whore... Fuckin' whore... cum sucking whore!" I felt his throbbing hardness in my throat when I realized I was no longer gagging.
I started sucking my son off even more and soon I was looking up, our eyes locked together as he was buried completely in my mouth. I instinctively started swallowing and the massaging tightness of my throat caused his eyes to roll back. I sensed he was fixing to explode so I raised up until I was able to hold only the head of him with my lips sealed just behind the crown. He merely slammed my face back down, forcing me to swallow his young cock again with a hard yank of my hair.
"Look at you, you teasing bitch!" he said good naturedly. "Your fuckin' nipples are hard as rocks n I just bet your pussy is wet, too." I was shocked by his dirty frank words and it was true! I had expected just a cheap thrill from being the tease I once was. Instead, here I was on my knees with my hands tied behind my back, forced to deep throat my 18 year old son who I only thought I knew. I had the random thought that I must be a sight with my long honeyed hair a wild mess and tear streaked mascara mixed with my sweat and slobber staining my cheeks and chin.
He leaned forward and reached down between my legs and roughly entered me with what felt like 2 fingers and I was gushing. The angle of his throbbing meat buried in my throat changed with his movements and I began gagging again. Hardly able to breathe, I struggled to pull away His hand tightened in my hair and started he just forced my head up and down in a quick short jerks.
"Yeah Mom... you suck so good....hmmm.... fuckin' pussy hot and wet... teasing slut goddam cumsucker...", he berated me as his juices were building up to explode. To my horror, I realized that I was stroking the flesh where his shaft and balls joined with my tongue voluntarily! My nose was pressing on his pubic hair with every thrust. My mouth was being sodomized and violated by my own son and I was burning with pent up desire.
Jason surprised me again by pulling completely out of my mouth without coming and let go of my hair. I rested my butt on my heels, easing the strain on my arms. I looked up into his cruel eyes waiting. He stood then, and leaning over, he placed his hands under my arm pits and pulled me up to stand on trembling legs. I discovered that I was still in my heels.
"Turn around, you fuckin' whore.", my son ordered and I wordless complied. With my back to Jason he again sat down, still nude and very hard, this time on our coffee table. I felt his hands rub up the back of my thighs toward my ass and I moved my feet further apart without being told. One hand slid closer to my pussy and I shivered and moaned in fearful anticipation when he lightly bit down on the underside of one cheek. His thumb parted me, brushing my clit and my knees buckled.
"Nooo...please...", I cried out as I hunched his thumb, coming hard with the rough contact. Then I felt an even harder convulsion when his tongue stabbed into me and his other hand was pulling hard on my left nipple, forcing me me to bend over spread wide for him.
"I know you want it, Mom.", Jason said, slapping my ass hard, "Fuckin' slut... your pussy tastes sooo good..." I squealed at his slap and then cried out when he covered most of my wet mound with his mouth and bit me!
"Ahhhhhh God.... Jaaa....sssss... un...", I screamed as he bit and sucked my slit. "Please please please please..." I said over and over as the orgasmic waves swept me off of my heels. He caught me as I was falling and then casually pushed me face down on the couch.
"See this cock, slut?", Jason asked with it fisted in one hand and pulling my head around to look with the other. I saw its angry hard flesh and oddly thought it beautiful and about 7 inches long.
"Yes..." I stammered timidly and opened my mouth to take him in again to suck.
"No you stupid whore!", he cursed me. "I said look not suck!" yanking my lips off his cockhead. "Now look like I told you to! What a fucking trashy cumsucker you are, Mom." Jason continued, while I looked directly at his manhood as ordered. "Yeah...look at it real good..." I felt him doing something with my wrists and thought maybe he was securing the belt better. Instead, suddenly my hands were free!
He stepped close to me, his pulsing meat inches away. "Stroke my cock, bitch now!" he commanded. I had no thought of resistance and wrapped my fingers around my son's flesh and rhythmically obeyed him. He stood there in front of me, hands on his hip with a confident smile. I would do as I was told. In spite of the pleasure I experienced, I knew I was in very bad trouble and obedience was my only way out.
I sit up on the couch straighter, still stroking my son's hardness. He stood between my spread legs, my white heels hooked comfortably on a lower rung of the coffee table. My 18 year old was watching me intently, filing away details.
"Oh Mom... your nails are the same color as your lips... yeah baby... come on... kiss my cock...do it... you know you want to!" He spoke again, this time his voice not so harsh. Slowly, I surrendered my will to his. I leaned forward and parted my cherry red lips in acceptance, kissing my son's cum leaking head. I held him in my mouth while I continued fisting his cock in a milking motion.
"Yeah..." he groaned, "Play with your pussy... uhuh... that's it...suck my cum...fuck your pussy..." I had already reached down between my legs and plunging my fingers in and out of my dripping wet slit when I felt his hand grasp the back of my head. I was moaning with his twitching meat in my mouth while I furiously started coming again.
"Cum sucker...fuckin' slut cock whore!", my son panted and I felt the first hot blast of his juice splash in my sucking mouth. The clear thick taste of his cum filled me and I was forced to swallow quickly. He pulled cock out stroking and coated my lips and chin and my fingers were buried inside me when he finished coming on my neck and chest. With my orgasm subsiding, I licked and sucked him clean as he softened in my mouth.
"Dessert, huh?" Jason said. "There's your dessert you fuckin' slut!" He held one hand out and then pulled me to my feet. "Go wash yourself, Mom. You look like some cheap whore in those heels. Get your ass back down here when your done. No clothes, just them fuck me heels!" I turned to obey him when he slap me hard on my ass."Hurry!" he ordered.
"Ye...Ye...Yes Sir!" I submitted and left the living room to go shower. I felt his eyes on me and I gently rolled my hips as I walked away, with only my high heels and his drying cum on me. I was shaky as I climbed the stairs.
In the bathroom, I looked at my reflection in the mirror. My son was right, I did look like a cheap whore. I felt like one, too. My face was was crusty with streaked mascara, tears, and come. I could taste my son in my mouth and fainter, my own juices from my panties being used to silence me.
I ran warm water in the sink, wetting my facecloth. Shocked eyes stared back at me as I wiped my son's seed off my face. I kicked my heels off and climbed into the shower. My mind was downstairs still sucking cock as I adjusted the water. I washed slowly and luxuriously, letting the hot water run over me. I was having trouble reconciling what had just happened and realized I was trapped. Jason could do what he wanted and I had no one to turn to. I couldn't tell anyone when I was only paying for my own sin.
I started rubbing the hot soapy cloth on my sensitive labia and soon I was masturbating in the shower to images of a whore who looked just like me sucking a young hard cock. Guilt fought with desire and both won. I turned off the water and stepped out to dry off. I just towel rubbed my hair, brushing it out but it was damp. I used mouth rinse and brushed my teeth and freshened up back at the sink. I looked at my heels, embarrassed. My son had ordered me to come back in them alone.
I tried to see any way out of this predicament and then I sat at the edge of the tub and put them back on. I walked over to the mirror and examined my nude body. I was stalling because I knew that the walk back downstairs would place me at my son's mercy. He had proved already that he could take what he wanted from me. I was getting that fluttery feeling again in my belly and made my way once again to the living room.
I wondered what my son had in store for me. Random plots from the stories I had read played out in my mind and I done the most common thing I read. He was on the couch watching me come to him, naked and on high heels. As I approached him, I recalled a scene from a story and kneeled submissively at his feet, awaiting his orders. "Yes Master?"