Chapter 1: Late-night Shopping (Prologue)
Hamed doodled idly on a piece of paper as he slumped at the counter. The store belonged to his uncle but as the youngest nephew, Hamed always ended up with the shifts nobody else wanted - his friends would all be out living the high life but here he was, working on a Friday night at nearly midnight.
Hamed's uncle's shop was the only place open late around here, and the only place licensed to sell alcohol at this time. On these shifts, the only people who came in were those who found themselves running out of booze or cigarettes at parties or social drinking sessions. They were mostly already drunk and it wasn't exactly pleasant to serve them, but over time Hamed had become adept at coping with all manner of shenanigans and liked to think of himself as fairly unflappable.
The store's door chime sounded and Hamed glanced up. Two white girls had walked in. One was a petite blonde, the other a tall, buxom brunette. They were both dressed fairly typically for late-teen or twentysomethings; scruffy pseudo-rock t-shirts, short shorts, trainers. The blonde had her hair tied back but the brunette had a mass of bouncing curls which she wore loose and natural. She had large eyes and a pretty face - her friend was a little more plain, in comparison at least.
The two girls were clearly on a booze run. A-level exams, the final exams students took at 18 or older before leaving school for university or work, had recently finished, and free of the burden of study and responsibility, a lot of the young people in the area had been throwing house parties in celebration. No doubt these two were among them.
There seemed to be some consternation between the two girls - not an argument exactly, but a spirited discussion nonetheless. Hamed couldn't make out what they were saying but it seemed as though the brunette, in high spirits, was making a suggestion or a request which made the blonde laugh, but also blush and look about her nervously. The two walked through the store, finding their way between the high, stacked shelves to where the beer and other served-cold alcohol was kept, until they were out of sight.
Mindful that young girls were often quite willing to steal either out of lack of funds or simply for a thrill, Hamed turned to watch the black-and-white monitor that showed the feed from the store's CCTV camera. It was pointed right at the area of the store the girls had gone to - the most likely things to be stolen were alcohol, after all - although Hamed could switch to other cameras if he needed.
The girls' discussion continued but seemed to be reaching a conclusion. The brunette had apparently got the outcome she wanted, the blonde nodding some sort of assent. The brunette looked about her for a moment, cagily. Hamed leaned in, expecting that he was about to see some shoplifting in action, ready to call out and hopefully discourage the girls without any further trouble.
Then he stopped. The girl wasn't stealing. Instead, as he watched, she grasped the hem of her t-shirt, lifted it up over her head and shook her hair free.
Hamed's eyes widened. The girl had a bra on beneath her shirt but no other clothing - dark-coloured on the black-and-white CCTV. She handed her discarded shirt to her friend, who took it in outstretched arms, folding it neatly. Hamed caught his breath. She was a very pretty girl and despite the grainy CCTV image, he had a clear view of the white swells of her breasts where the lacy fabric ended.
Only a fraction of a second passed, though, and the girl moved, turning away so her back was to the camera. As Hamed stared, she brought her hands to the front of her waistband, unfastened the button and zipper and, incredibly, loosened her shorts and let them fall to the ground. Wearing only her underwear (her panties were also dark but didn't seem to match the bra), she stepped out of the shorts and bent to pick them up and hand them to her friend. Hamed's pulse was racing now, as he admired the curve of her back and bottom as she bent, and then she straightened up again.
Well, now there is a young woman - a beautiful woman - standing in my store in her underwear, Hamed thought to himself. He'd never seen the like before. Indeed, he'd not had much opportunity to see anything like this before. His own girlfriend was rather chaste and modest, and though he had fond memories of dalliances with more liberal-minded girls in years gone by, in truth they had been quite infrequent - certainly not frequent enough.
He wanted a closer look - the CCTV wasn't crystal clear - but worried if he made any movement, the girl would realize he was looking and suddenly lose her nerve, and regain her clothes. Instead he sat motionless, staring at the CCTV feed on the monitor, wondering what would happen next.
He didn't have to wait long to find out. With a toss of her curls, the brunette reached up behind her back and unhooked her own brassiere. She shrugged her shoulders, loosening the straps, and let the bra fall away in front of her, pulling free first one arm and then the other. The bra, too, was handed to the blonde.
The girl was only wearing panties now. Only wearing panties, in a small supermarket. What on earth was this about? Was she going to take off everything, Hamed wondered? Was her friend going to strip too? The blonde hadn't had the knockout figure of the brunette but she had a charm of her own and Hamed certainly wasn't going to complain if she lost her clothes too.
But right now the blonde's job seemed to be to hold her friend's clothes. The way they were standing, blondie was facing the camera, with the near-naked girl facing away. The blonde seemed a little nervous but also held her gaze fixedly on her friend - almost as if she couldn't take her eyes off her.
Hamed couldn't blame her. He was transfixed too.
Of course, the girl wasn't quite done with her striptease yet. She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and yanked them quickly down, stepping out of them unceremoniously. Hamed gazed at her naked rear. She had a real peach of a bottom, curvaceous and smooth. His penis stiffened in his jeans, he felt it strain against the stiff fabric.
Please turn around, please turn around, Hamed mouthed silently to himself. The girl was gorgeous from the back, but he longed to see her from the front - he knew if she put her clothes back on now, how she had looked nude would always be on his mind unless he saw it.
As if bidden to his will, the girl complied, turning away from the fridges and stretching languidly. Hamed gasped audibly. She was everything he'd hoped for and more. Full, round breasts, her nipples visible as darker grey on the camera footage against the lighter tone of her skin. Her stomach almost flat but with a little softness, a small swell to her belly, her navel a dark imprint. Below, a neat triangle of pubic hair, curvaceous hips and long, bare legs.
He'd stopped wondering why she was naked. Why shouldn't she be naked? He was never going to complain if a girl like her came into his store and took off her clothes. She certainly seemed to be enjoying the moment, he wasn't going to deny her that!
Now that she was naked, the brunette seemed in no hurry to put her clothes back on. She walked along the refrigerators, apparently trying to decide what to buy. She seemed completely at ease with her nakedness, as if it was the most normal thing in the world - an ease which only increased her attractiveness.
The girl deliberated for a minute or two, then chose a particular brand of beer. She bought a 12 pack, pulling it from the refrigerator with both hands. She juggled the beer awkwardly, hugging the pack to her chest and letting out an audible squeal as the cold metal connected with her bare skin. She handed the beer to her friend, placing it on top of the pile of clothes she was holding out. Her friend, although looking awkward next to her confident, naked friend, seemed happy to have been made to be the mule.
The naked girl roamed the aisles now, apparently looking for something.
"Excuse me?"
Hamed started. The girl was shouting, calling out, apparently to him. Did she know he was watching? Or did she think she was unobserved.
"Excuse me?" she shouted again. "Energy drinks? Do you have any energy drinks?"
Hamed found his voice. "What? Uh, here, in the fridge next to the counter."
There was a moment. Then, with a "thank you!" the girl appeared, walking out of the end of the aisle and over to the refrigerator. Just walking out in front of him, completely naked, as if it was the most normal thing in the world.
Hamed gaped, open mouthed, as she took the drinks and handed them as well to her friend and accomplice. In the flesh, in the harsh halogen light of the store, she was more lovely even than she had appeared on the CCTV. She had fair, light skin, marked here and there by a few moles. Her nipples were pink ovals, crowned by puckered bumps. They were stiff, either from cold or, a more intriguing possibility, from arousal. Up close, she had her imperfections - patches of pinkness where her white body was reacting to the cool of the store's air conditioning, marks where growing into her full figure had stretched her skin - but rather than spoil the image, these flaws enhanced it, a reminder that she was really here, that she was a real person, naked in the store.
Seeing him stare, the girl smiled.
"You want anything else?" she asked, turning to the other girl. The blonde, seeming lost in a reverie as she gazed at her friend, shook her head.
The two girls came up to the counter, the nude one and the clothed. The nude one took the beer and other drinks from her friend and passed them to Hamed to ring up. Like an automaton, without taking his eyes off her body, he did so, announcing the total in a monotone, disconnected voice.
Still nude, the girl took her shorts from her friend and pulled some notes from the pocket. She paid and then replaced the change in her pocket, and returned the shorts to her friend. She took the drinks and placed them back on top of her discarded clothes in her friend's arms, and thanking him turned to leave the store.
Hamed watched them leave. Two girls, one naked and one clothed. The naked one, blissfully happy and fully at ease; the clothed one flush-faced and almost in a trance.
There's a story there, he thought to himself as he watched her bare and beautiful bottom as she exited the store. There's a story I will probably never get to find out.
He grinned. At least he had the security tape.
Chapter 2: Becky's secret
Lisa Meredith lay face down on her bed, surrounded by papers. Open textbooks, printed-out revision guides, and pages and pages of notes.
She was snoring lightly.
It wasn't terribly late but her revision had finally got the better of her, and she'd fallen asleep in the middle of her studies. That wasn't unusual. She was always pushing herself and working too hard, her parents said - but at the same time, they understood the pressure. Both doctors, they knew the value of education, and had always stressed it to Lisa. It was no wonder she had turned out academically gifted but also incredibly studious.
Lisa's mobile phone, left where it had fallen beside her outstretched hand, pinged into life. A message alert. Groggily she opened her eyes, reaching instinctively for the phone. Like many eighteen-year-olds, her mobile was never far from her sight at any time.
A Snapchat, from her best friend, Becky O'Neill. The two girls frequently Snapchatted each other their days whenever they weren't together - meaningless exchanges to anyone else but crucial to them, an example of the close bond the two had shared since childhood.
Lisa opened the message. A selfie; Becky, in her bedroom. Her head and a portion of her shoulders. "Studying hard?" was the caption.
Lisa fired off a reply - her own sleepy visage. "Fell asleep :(" she responded.
Further messages from Becky followed - a short, amused conversation between the two.
The subject matter of their conversation was nothing in particular, as they so often were. But Lisa had recently begun to wonder about the photo messages she received from Becky. Not about what Becky was saying directly with them, but about what she was seeing in each of the ten-second pictures - something that made her wonder if perhaps Becky was saying more than she thought.
Becky often sent her snaps when she was in her bedroom, and recently Lisa had noticed that in all the face and shoulders shots, what was conspicuous was what was missing. In the shots Lisa would send, you could always see the neckline of her t-shirt, the straps of her vest top, or similar. But in Becky's shots, no clothing was ever visible.
No matter what time, day or night, if Becky sent Lisa a snap of her in her room, you couldn't see any sign of the clothes she was wearing. In fact, in some of Becky's recent messages, she'd been in other rooms of the house - the kitchen, the living room, even the back garden, and still Becky seemed rather more bare than one would expect.
All this was making Lisa wonder something. Snapchat was very spontaneous - a short glimpse into another person's life. So maybe the reason Becky looked so bare in the pictures she was sending was because, at the time she was taking them, she wasn't wearing much in the way of clothes?
Becky had always been a daring, mischievous girl. The two had been friends since early childhood, despite their different backgrounds (Lisa had grown up in a well-to-do home with her parents and two brothers, while Becky was the only child of a widow). As children, playing together, Becky had always had a certain way about her. She had been the sort of girl who would find a way of making you dare her to do things she actually wanted to do herself, but needed an excuse, a prompt of the sort a dare or challenge from a peer might give. Invariably, these had been the sort of things that, if Becky was caught, might well get the both of them into trouble. But for Becky, that had been part of the fun - the more forbidden and taboo the better.
These games had been the source of a few fallings-out between the two children. But now that they were older, Lisa was able to look back on this with some understanding as to why Becky might have behaved in this way. Becky had been something of a latch-key kid - while her mother loved her very much, the fact that she was on her own meant that she wound up frequently working late and Becky often went home to an empty house and a lack of adult supervision. It wasn't much of a stretch to guess that Becky might therefore have found joy in activities which won her a lot of attention, no matter whether it was good or bad. She wasn't a troublemaker, not by a long shot, but if there was a stunt or a dangerous activity or a place kids weren't supposed to go, it was fearless, intrepid, and sometimes foolhardy Becky who went there.
It hadn't ultimately done Becky any harm. Becky did what she wanted, didn't worry too much what others thought of her, and her outgoing nature and easy charm won her many friends, not to mention more than a few admirers. She'd grown now into a bold young woman, who knew her own mind and valued her own personal freedoms.
She had a certain level of confidence, particularly when it came to her own body. So the fact that Becky appeared in her chats to be missing some clothes didn't strike Lisa as odd, not by itself. The Becky she knew wouldn't have let a little thing like not being fully-dressed stop her from sending her friend a picture message if right then and there she had one to send.
But the frequency of these impressions had of late piqued Lisa's curiosity. Becky seemed to be unclothed a little too often for it to be easily explained away that she was just between outfits - not to mention those pictures where she was somewhere other than her bedroom.
That was the problem with something like Snapchat, Lisa thought to herself. You get an insight into how a person lives their life for a second, and then it's gone, and you're left wondering what the story really is. She had thought she knew Becky pretty well, and yet here she was with a question over something as apparently innocuous as what she was wearing in her picture messages. It wasn't exactly causing her sleepless nights, but each time she picked up one of these messages, a little tremor ran through her - a curiously anxious feeling, as if she was being told half a secret.
She'd hesitated to ask about it before, but now, as they chatted, curiosity was starting to get the better of her.
Lisa pulled a quizzical expression and captioned it "What are you wearing?" Then she hit send, and waited. There was no reply. Not at first, anyway. Then, rather than a Snapchat, a text message came through on Lisa's phone. This wasn't unusual - the girls often switched between apps. Snapchat was for selfies and silliness, texting was for more in depth stuff. It looked to Lisa like they were about to have a longer conversation - once again, that anxious, half-a-secret feeling started to grow in her. She opened the message.
Becky's reply was a red-faced 'embarrassed' emoji, then the word "nothing".
"You're naked?" Lisa messaged back.
An instant response - "Yes".
I knew it! Lisa thought to herself. I knew it! But by itself, it didn't answer Lisa's questions - that itch of curiosity she had still went unscratched.
In fact, it was a little troubling. Lisa was aware of Snapchat's capabilities for sending intimate pictures to another person - what people called sexting. But that was something couples did, naughty pictures to excite someone you were either sleeping with or wanted to sleep with. There had been nothing naughty about the innocuous glimpses of bare skin in Becky's messages - but they still seemed to have an intimacy about them which Lisa didn't fully understand. "Why are you Snapchatting me naked?" she asked.
The response she got back was not terribly clear. "I'm not Snapchatting you naked," Becky answered. "I'm naked, and I'm Snapchatting you."
Well, Lisa supposed, that was true. Clearly Becky's lack of clothing had nothing to do with the fact they had been picture messaging one another. But if that wasn't the reason, what was?
It was difficult for her to ask her question in the right way. She typed, then deleted, a few messages, almost giving up on the conversation. After all, why did it matter to her so much what her friend wore when she was alone (if indeed she was alone)? If Becky wanted to be naked, that was her business and nobody else's, surely? And yet, she wanted to know more.
"You seem to be naked a lot lately" Lisa texted. "In all your pics from home. What's going on?"
The reply from Becky took a while to come through.
"Nothing," Becky responded. "I just like it. It's often me here on my own. Mum at work. Nobody to see me. So why bother wearing clothes? I'm more comfortable without. So stopped wearing them when mum's out. Sometimes in my room too. Why be shy? Feels good and it's fun too."
"Everything's better when you do it naked."
-
It was later, when they were together again, that Becky explained herself further.
They sat on a bench outside the school, talking quietly so nobody else could overhear.
"I wanted you to know," she said. "I wanted you to know for the longest time. At first I thought it was silly to even need to have a conversation with anyone about it. But the longer it went on, the more I realized, it's not just about what I am wearing - or not wearing. It's about who I am. It's like, when I have clothes on, it's a front, it's something I present to the world. But it doesn't feel genuine, it doesn't feel like how I actually am. But when I take off my clothes, it's like I'm revealing my true self. All the other stuff is stripped away and I'm me, the real me. It's liberating. Its... amazing."
Lisa looked at her friend. Becky's face was flushed, she was almost overflowing with excitement and positivity. Whatever this was about, it clearly held some real importance to her.
"Was that why you sent so many Snapchats?" Lisa asked. Becky nodded.
"I wasn't sure how to say it. I didn't know what words to use. So I thought, if I showed you, maybe you would pick up on it. Like you did. And then you'd ask me, and then it would feel right to tell you."
Lisa laughed. "You shouldn't act like it's such a big secret. So you walk around naked at home when nobody's watching? So you like it? That's really not the big deal you are making it out to be, you know?"
Becky lowered her eyes. "It's not just that," she said quietly, her cheeks coloured.
"What is it, then?"
Becky shook her head. "No, you're right. It's not a big deal. I dunno why I was so worked up about it."
"Becky..?"
"No, seriously, it's fine. But... thanks for saying that. That it's not a big deal. Thanks for being cool and understanding and telling me it's normal and not finding it weird..."
"Well," Lisa laughed, "it is a little weird. But it's no problem for me if you like it."
In truth, Lisa had been wondering since their conversation the previous evening exactly what Becky saw in being naked.
Lisa didn't hate her body, but she certainly didn't go through life blessed with confidence about it either. Slightly-built and small in the bust, she remained slim but with a fuller bottom and wide hips which gave her a pear-shaped silhouette and left her conscious of her "big bum". Combined with a face she felt was rather plain, and blonde hair which never seemed to have any life to it, and she generally spent a lot of her time feeling, if not actually unattractive, then certainly the least attractive person she knew.
Especially when she compared herself to Becky - leggy, curvy in all the right places Becky, with big eyes, a cute nose and that mass of bouncing brown curls. Becky was a real head-turner - but modest with it, never over-sure of her own beauty, never letting it cause her to seem unapproachable or aloof. She was both the easiest and the hardest person to be friends with - easy because she would never deliberately make you feel unattractive, but hard because you couldn't help but compare yourself to her and come up wanting.
So when Lisa had learned Becky's little secret, that she preferred not having clothes on, her first thought had been; "of course you do." If I had her body, Lisa thought, I'd walk around naked too. Heck, I'd walk around naked in public!
But for anyone else? Lisa didn't see the point. Undressing out of school clothes after a long day was comfortable, sure, but so was putting on the pajamas she wore to bed. But she didn't wear them all the time at home, and you certainly didn't get her carping on about how her pajama self was her true self or whatever it was Becky was saying. It all seemed rather strange.
Strange - but at the same time, intriguing. Lisa continued to feel that anxious, electric sensation at the back of her mind when Becky spoke about her naked life. This side of her friend, the side now being revealed in their conversation, suggested something more than what was being spoken.
As they sat in class that day, Lisa looked over to her friend. Becky sat, leaning forward, elbows on the desk, her chin resting on her cupped hands. She was listening intently to the teacher prep them for their forthcoming exams. The two girls and their classmates were almost too old for school now - sixth form would soon give way to study leave, lessons done forever. If they passed their summer exams, the next stop in the autumn would be university. Becky would be 19 in September, Lisa a few months after. New lives would find them then, adulthood, with adolescence far behind them.
The teacher droned on, but he didn't have Lisa's attention - it was all on Becky. She blinked heavy eyes a few times, falling into daydream...
The classroom was the same, but Becky changed before Lisa's eyes. No longer clad in the blouse, tie and dark grey skirt of her school uniform, now Becky sat in the class stark naked.
Lisa's pulse began to race as she realized what she was seeing. Her friend nude in the classroom. She knew it wasn't real, just a fancy of her imagination, but it seemed vivid, almost tangible. Becky alongside her, in profile, chin resting on her hands. Bare but concealed, her full breasts hidden by her arms. Sat as she was, her stomach compressed, not taut, her belly in soft folds. Her naked back curving down to her shapely bottom and those long, bare legs tucked beneath the hard plastic chair, crossed at the ankles, her feet as nude as the rest of her.
Becky sat, oblivious, but the other occupants of the classroom stared, wide-eyed in amazement at her nakedness. The teacher seemed to be struggling over whatever it was he was saying - stood at the front of the room, he had a clearer view of Becky's exposed form than anyone else. But still Becky sat, oblivious. She closed her eyes, a smile crossing her face at some inscrutable thought.
With equal suddenness, the daydream ended, and Lisa returned to reality. Becky sat in her chair fully-clothed, attracting no more attention than she usually did (which was not to say no attention at all). The teacher wasn't distracted and indeed the only person having trouble concentrating was Lisa herself, who was breathing hard, a hot feeling at the tips of her ears. She shifted, suddenly uncomfortable, a tightness between her legs. A few discreet, deep breaths calmed her, and she looked away, a little troubled.
What had that been about?
Chapter 3: Study Methods
School broke up for the upper sixth a few weeks later, with a fortnight or so before the first of their A-level exams. It was commonly called "study leave" - their coursework completed and nothing more to teach them, the students were dismissed from school to go home and work on revising what they needed to know before they would return in groups to sit the examinations that would grade the end of their schooling and help define the next path they took in life.
For a great many of the students, study leave had another implication. For with younger siblings still attending normal school, and parents out at work, these 18-year-olds were now being trusted to be home alone for something like 8 hours a day, often for the first time. It was symbolic in a way of a greater freedom, a recognition that these young people no longer required adult supervision in the crucial moments of their lives but could instead think and work for themselves and look after themselves.
Of course it also meant that those with bad habits might find it harder to break them. Gamer kids might find it hard to pass up the lure of eight-hour sessions in order to study hard for their future, stoners embraced the opportunity to indulge their habits at greater length, and social animals simply viewed it as two weeks where they could hang with their friends with nobody to tell them what to do.
For Lisa, though, there was an importance to revision that she couldn't ignore. Always an achiever, always near the top of her class, she was feeling the pressure to do well. A poor performance in her exams might well mean missing out on a place at the university of her choice - more than that, her doctor parents put a lot of value on academic performance. They would be so disappointed if she failed, so she had resolved to work hard and organize her revision as best she could to do well.
Becky, though, wasn't quite the academic that Lisa was. While certainly no bimbo, she wasn't as interested in or engaged with her school work as her friend was, and tended to "just get by" when it came to her grades. This never normally bothered her - but Becky, too, had ambitions to go to university and realized the importance of her A-levels.
"You're so much better at this than me," she'd pouted to Lisa at one point a few months ago, as the two had talked about their revision.
"I'm not, really," Lisa said, kindly. She'd never felt smarter than Becky - yes she did better in class but Becky's personality and confidence meant she never appeared less clever in Lisa's eyes. "I'm just... good at organizing myself."
"Why don't we study together?" Lisa had suggested - and Becky agreed it was a good idea. A good few of the days of their study leave, therefore, the girls had planned to spend together - either at Becky's house or at Lisa's.
Lisa had set aside the Monday of the first week to plan and cover some basics in some of the topics she and Becky would be working on, and although it wasn't the most exciting activity, she was looking forward to spending a good few days with her best friend.
Tuesday she awoke early, showered, and was dressed and having breakfast as her parents left for work. A short while later, carrying a bag of text books and revision notes, Lisa stepped out of her front door and began her walk to Becky's house.
It was a warm morning in early June. The two girls lived in the same village - actually more of a suburb now; once a small collection of houses and a few shops in the country which had been swallowed up forty years or so ago by the growth and development of the nearby town. Everyone still called it a village though, and it had retained something of that sense of community and character in spite of the development of some newer, more identikit housing on its outskirts.
It was in that part of the village that Becky lived, around a 20 minute walk for Lisa from her own larger and older house. By the time she arrived at Becky's house, the air had begun to grow hazy from the heat, and fat bumblebees buzzed in the hedgerows.
Lisa rang the doorbell, and stood momentarily on the doorstep waiting for Becky to respond. She glanced around - Becky's mum's car wasn't in the driveway; obviously she too had left for work. The two of them would have the place to themselves.
The glass panels in the front door were textured, rendering everything on the other side wobbly and indistinct in the name of privacy. She could only see Becky as a shape as she came to the door, until she opened it.
Lisa gave an audible gasp. Opening the door, in full view to anyone who might have been passing the end of the driveway, Becky was completely naked.
She was framed in the doorway. She wasn't covering herself at all - hourglass-figured, the morning sun illuminating every curve of her body. She looked breathtaking. Lisa whirled, looking around her. There didn't seem to be any other people around.
"Hi," Becky said nonchalantly to the staring, speechless Lisa, "coming in?" She turned from the doorway to walk back inside - mutely, Lisa followed.
"You okay?" Becky asked.
"You're naked."
Becky laughed, "yeah..."
"No. You're naked."
Becky stopped in the hallway and turned back to Lisa. "Is this... is this a problem for you?" She didn't sound angry - rather, genuinely worried, as if it somehow hadn't occurred to her that opening her front door to her friend completely nude would be in any way shocking or unusual.
Lisa blinked a few times, trying to clear her head.
"No..." she said at last. "No, it isn't. But it's just... oh my God Becky, you gave me such a shock just then. I mean... seriously, a bit of warning next time, rather than just POW! TITS! You know?"
Becky's tone was apologetic. "I'm sorry," she replied. "I didn't say anything because I wasn't sure I was going to do it. But I should have said something first, should have given you a warning that I might not have clothes on. I just figured it wouldn't be that much of a surprise given... what you know about me."
"Well," Lisa answered, " you told me a while back that you don't like wearing clothes at home if you don't have to, so no, I'm not wondering why it is that you're butt naked right now... but I also thought you only did that when nobody was around?"
Becky flushed a little. "I know! I did! But... well... you're my best friend, and you're the only person I've told about this... thing. And you were so cool about it when I told you that I liked being naked that I didn't think you would mind if I wasn't dressed while you're here. And it's not as though you've never seen me naked before? So I figured... if I can't be myself around you, who can I be it with?"
There was that refrain again. Be myself. The same thing Becky had said when she'd first told Lisa she preferred to be nude. Lisa still didn't fully understand why, but she did realize now that to Becky, this side of herself was in a way something very personally important. It wasn't just about not having clothes on to Becky, it was about something more, and she seemed to be reaching out to a friend for understanding. She was almost pleading, Lisa realized, for someone to tell her that it was normal.
"It's fine," Lisa managed. "Really, it's fine. You just gave me a shock, is all. I mean, what if someone had come along then, with you all naked out in front of the house?"
Becky's eyes flashed, suddenly wide and alive, but she said nothing, and Lisa continued; "But really, it is fine with me. Be naked if you want to, like you say, if you can't be comfortable around a friend..."
"So you don't mind if I don't get dressed now you're here?"
Lisa smiled. "Well, I've seen everything already so there's kind of no point..."
-
They'd spent the morning sitting on Becky's living room floor, working through revision - discussing, making notes, quizzing one another. It had gone well.
As the morning had progressed, Lisa had found herself growing a little more accustomed to Becky's nakedness. It no longer seemed unusual or out of place - rather, it had a sense of naturalness about it. Becky was relaxed and comfortable without her clothes on, her manner and behavior no different to what it might have been had she been sat there fully clothed.
That said, it was also impossible to ignore. Everything Becky did was done by Becky naked. Becky wasn't just studying, she was studying naked. She didn't just fetch them drinks, or snacks, she fetched drinks and snacks naked. She left the room naked, and returned to the room naked. She radiated nakedness.
Every movement of her body emphasized her lack of clothing. When she leaned forward to peer at a textbook, her bare breasts, unrestrained by a bra, hung round and full and free. When she leaned back against the base of the sofa and stretched out her legs, she revealed the neat brown triangle of pubic hair on her mound and a glimpse of the flushed pinkness between her parted legs. When she walked out of the room, her hips swaying, it was her soft, smooth, round, bare bottom that commanded Lisa's attention. Even her bare feet on the peach carpet seemed somehow more sensual when accompanied by such total nakedness.
It wasn't always easy to concentrate, and was made more difficult because, apparently now liberated by Lisa's acceptance of her friend's naked state, Becky's favourite topic of conversation for the morning had been nudity.
"You remember when we were 10?" Becky said, by way of an explanation for why it was that she had come to find that being without clothing was her preferred state. "When we were playing in the fields and we fell in that irrigation ditch."
"Well," Lisa recollected, "I remember you fell in trying to jump it, and then you pulled me in after you when I tried to help you out..."
"Whatever, whatever. The point is, you remember when we climbed out we were all soaked in that smelly, slimy green water?"
Lisa made a face; "Ugh, thanks for reminding me. Yes, I remember. We were soaked to our skin. We ended up stripping off all our clothes and had to walk all the way back to yours starkers... Wait, are you telling me that ever since then you've had this urge to be naked all the time?"
"Well, it wasn't just that time, there's been a few similar experiences... but yeah I guess I've had this side of me in one form or another ever since. But recently I've felt more, I dunno, driven towards it, like it's something I really have to do."
"So was that when you started messaging me about it?"
"Yeah. I didn't want it to be my big secret. I wanted to share it with someone I knew I could trust, with you."
Lisa smiled warmly. The notion that Becky would trust her so much as to share her unusual, rather taboo secret was gratifying, and she was pleased that things had turned out as they had. But there was still that strange, nagging, electric feeling as she sat here, clothed, with her nude best friend. The more Becky shared, the more intimate the sense of what was going on between them became. It wasn't unpleasant, but to Lisa it was troubling.
The study wound down as they day went on, both girls having felt they had done enough. Becky suggested a break in the back garden.
"Sounds good to me," Lisa replied. "Are you bored of being naked now then?"
Becky looked puzzled. "What do you mean?" she asked.
"Well," Lisa answered, "if we're going outside then you'll have to put some clothes on."
Becky grinned. "No, I won't," she said.
"But you're overlooked? Next door can see into your whole garden, surely?"
"Yeah, but they're at work, there's nobody home there today."
"Well... if you're sure. But it's on you if you get in trouble about this."
Lisa opened the sliding doors and stepped out on to the patio. The sun was high in the sky now, the day bright and hot, and for a moment she envied her friend's unclothed state. But she felt no desire to join her, all the same - something about the two of them being naked together raised an uncomfortable image in her head, and she hurriedly put it from her thoughts.
The two sat in the garden for much of the rest of the day, talking as they normally would about life, music, guys and television, their main go-to topics of conversation. Becky at least seemed less overcome with desire to talk about her own nakedness, instead she just luxuriated nude in the sun, wearing nothing but her sunglasses, sipping Diet Coke through a straw.
As the afternoon wore on, Becky started suddenly. "What's the time?" she said.
Lisa looked at her wristwatch. "About 4.50," she answered.
Becky sat up. "Oops," she grinned, getting up and dashing back into the house. She returned a few moments later, no longer nude now, clad in a long, sleeveless t-shirt and beneath that a pair of colourful bikini bottoms.
"Mum'll be home soon," she explained, a tinge of regret in her voice.
"She doesn't know? About the naked thing?"
Becky shook her head. "Nah. I just couldn't tell her. I'm not sure she'd understand. The only person I've ever felt comfortable talking about it to, is you."
-
Lisa lay in bed. The night air was humid, sticky - her pajama top clung to her skin. She'd thrown the covers off but was still warm, but that wasn't the only reason she struggled to sleep.
Alone in the dark, her thoughts had returned to the strangeness of that day. Becky's nakedness had stuck in her memory long after her friend had reappeared clothed, and she had wandered home almost in a daze, her mind elsewhere. She'd picked at her dinner and gone off to bed early, explaining that she felt unwell, had caught the heat a little too much while out in Becky's garden.
Becky's garden. Where the two of them had sat, Lisa clothed and Becky naked, chatting as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Which, in a sense, it had been - Becky had seemed so relaxed and comfortable in her nakedness that it almost felt as though it would have been stranger for both of them to be clothed.
And yet, there had been an intimacy to that moment, a charge about it. It hadn't just been seeing Becky's body in all her glory, although that had certainly been something. But it was as much about Becky baring her soul as her skin, as much about her sharing what she had called her true self with someone she truly trusted. It had felt private, close, and sensual, and it had left Lisa with a sense of longing that she didn't fully understand.
She tossed, turned, perspiring. Thoughts intruded upon her, bringing with them desire. Her nipples were hard beneath the fabric of her pajamas - with one motion she discarded her top, caressing her aching breast, shivering at the response. Her shorts and knickers followed, and she lay back naked on her bed. Her hand found its way between her legs - her pussy was wet, longing to be touched. She massaged herself, head back against the pillow, eyes closed. Her probing fingers found her clit, stimulating it, one or two sliding easily inside and out of herself.
In her mind, she wasn't alone. Becky came to her, walking across the bedroom, naked the way she had been at the front door. No words were exchanged between them; just kisses, long and passionate. Becky on hands and knees, Lisa beneath her. Becky crawling backwards, down Lisa's body, nuzzling her neck, kissing across her chest. A mouth on her nipple, a tongue circling, then down, down, kisses on her belly, her thighs. Becky looking up, a satisfied grin, tucking back her hair, drinking in Lia's scent, then head down again, face pressed between Lisa's legs, tongue exploring, connecting...
Her climax came suddenly, a wave of pleasure bursting over her, the illusion shattering as she came. Her fingers making circles on her clit, slick with her own moisture. She arched her back, pushing against herself, against her own hand, massaging as long as she could stand, moaning as loud as she dared in a house with two brothers and thin dividing walls - and then at last it was over, the fantasy was gone, the desire satisfied, and numbly she dressed again, turned over onto her side and fell into sleep.
-
Lisa slept late the next morning - her parents, perhaps wishing their daughter take it more easy, had opted not to wake her before leaving for work. When she finally arose, there was the brief bliss of an empty mind... and then her memory of the previous day and night returned, and with it, a sense of unease.
Lisa had never had a strong sense of her own sexuality. She'd had boyfriends, off and on during adolescence, and while she had not yet been to bed with anyone she was no stranger to the kisses, wandering hands and expectations of boys. She'd enjoyed some of these experiences and just sort of assumed that eventually she would meet a boy who liked her, and who she liked, enough to give herself to, and that maybe that boy, or the boy after that, or the boy after him, or any number of boys later, would one day be a boy that she loved the way her mother had loved her father, and they would make a life together, maybe a marriage, and children. She had accepted this as a simple fact of life - whatever happened in her love life, it would be with the opposite sex.
Yet the desire and passion she had given into last night in the privacy of her own imagination was greater, and more thrilling, than any that she had felt for any boy she'd known, or indeed any hypothetical man of the future she had tried to imagine before.
It wasn't that Lisa didn't appreciate the attractiveness of women. She could name a great many film and television actresses (Scarlett Johanssen, Natalie Dormer, Jennifer Lawrence, etc.) on whom she would happily admit to a crush of sorts, as indeed would many of her peers. But finding Hollywood celebrities beautiful and desirable was something quite different to the feeling of lust for a real woman, a woman in her own life, who she knew and was most intimately bonded to by friendship.
It wasn't just troubling for what it hinted towards, something she wasn't ready to address yet. It also carried with it another implication, a guilty one.
Becky had revealed herself to Lisa, her nakedness, and her enjoyment of it, out of a sense of friendship, a sense of trust. She had chosen to show Lisa what she was calling her true self because it was Lisa alone of all the people she knew who she trusted to accept her and understand her secret for what it was, and to allow her to be herself around her.
How would she react if she learned that Lisa had imagined what she had last night? How would she feel if she found out that her open, honest gesture of trust and love had been reciprocated by fantasies of her making love to Lisa? She would be more than hurt. It would be a betrayal.
Chapter 4: Becky Dares Herself
A day later, Lisa was again heading over to Becky's house for another study session.
She'd tried to put Becky and the first session from her mind over the previous day, but it had been difficult. Becky's nakedness, and the aura she exuded when naked, was almost intoxicating, and Lisa viewed it with mixed emotions. On the one hand, it was wonderful that her friend trusted her enough to remove her clothes around her, and to confide in her that she had begun to take this unconventional lifestyle choice. It was wonderful too to see Becky doing something that undoubtedly brought her nothing but good feelings. Not only that, but Becky was beautiful, and seeing her with no clothes on was definitely not unwelcome!
But with Becky's nakedness came an invitation to something more, to an intimate knowledge of her friend that was both alluring and inescapable. To know every inch of her friend's nude form by sight - not just that, but to be given an insight into Becky's private life, her personal world of nudity - this made Lisa feel uneasy. Becky's nudity wasn't just physical - it was an emotional baring, an honesty that Lisa couldn't help but find attractive.
Lisa felt almost as if she had opened a Pandora's box of confusing thoughts, with no way to put them back. She'd effectively given Becky carte blanche to be nude at the house whenever she visited from that day forward - she could not very well turn around and tell her to put her clothes on without either telling her friend the truth as to why, or making something up which would run the risk of hurting her friend, making her feel judged for her honesty.
She found herself wishing that Becky would simply put her clothes back on, and this awkward new dimension to their friendship could go away. And yet, as she walked from her house toward Becky's the next day, she found herself with a spring in her step, excited at the prospect that her friend would once again be nude.
She wasn't disappointed - home by herself once again, Becky wasn't wearing a stitch when she answered the door. This time, Lisa didn't even mention it; she got the sense this rather pleased Becky, who seemed to be longing for her nakedness to be unremarkable. The thought of this amused Lisa - as if a beautiful young woman like Becky walking around completely starkers could ever be unremarkable - but she tried to keep a handle on her emotions.
The two girls spent the morning much as they had their last study session, working on their revision with mixed success. But this time, Becky seemed a little restless. Mid-morning came, and Becky sat up, exclaiming; "I've gotta go fetch the post in!"
It seemed to Lisa an odd thing to exclaim, apropos of nothing - but if you were talking about Becky doing odd things, that would have to come second to her current attire.
Becky's family's mailbox was at the end of the driveway to the house. To check it, Becky would have to walk out to the road - something she wasn't currently dressed for, to say the least.
"Want me to do it?" Lisa asked helpfully. "Save you putting your clothes on?"
Becky shook her head vigorously, curls bouncing. "No," she said, "I'll get it now."
"Like you are? Naked?" Lisa was dubious.
Becky turned. Her face was lit up by a wicked grin. "Why?" she asked. "Don't think I'd dare to do it?"
Lisa knew that look and tone. When they'd been children, if Becky had been wanting to do something she wasn't supposed to be doing, she had a way of making whoever she had been with (usually Lisa) dare her into doing it. It was a charade, of course - Lisa hadn't wanted Becky to do anything bad, it was Becky herself who had secretly longed to do what was forbidden. But Becky had seemed to need that push, that encouragement from someone else, before she could give herself permission to break the rules. Lisa had learned that the best way to keep her friend happy was to give it to her, so she had frequently been the one "daring" Becky on.
It had sometimes been frustrating, but to be fair to Becky, if she'd been caught or gotten into trouble, she had never implicated Lisa in her explanation to parents or teachers. She'd never said "Lisa made me," or "Lisa dared me into it". She'd always taken full responsibility and although Lisa had sometimes caught some fallout by association simply for having been there, Becky had never deliberately blamed Lisa for anything. It seemed to be just for Becky herself that the encouragement was necessary.
Lisa laughed in recognition. It looked like they were going to play the same game again. "Go on then," she said, "I dare you. Go to the mailbox naked."
Becky beamed. "Well," she said, "if it's a dare..." She got up and crossed the room. "C'mon," she beckoned to Lisa. "You have to make sure I do it."
The two girls walked into the hallway of the house and to the front door. Becky paused a moment, as if composing herself, then opened the door. Sunlight flooded the hallway - it was another bright summer's day - and Becky stepped out into it. Lisa waited in the doorway, peering after her.
Tentatively, looking about her, Becky strode softly down the driveway. Out in daylight, the road ahead of her, her nakedness seemed even more out of place - almost unreal. She winced as her bare feet stepped on gravel, and then she was at the gatepost. It was maybe 20 or 30 meters from the front door to the garden wall, a distance she had crossed in seconds - but anyone passing the house would now have a full and uninterrupted view of naked Becky.
Becky stood at the gate, fumbling with the catch on the back of the mailbox. Lisa felt a sudden rush of nerves, tension as she wondered if her friend, exposed as she was, could complete her task and make it back before anyone saw her. The road wasn't busy but nor was it the sort of street where nobody walked or drove, either - a car or pedestrian could come by at any moment, not to mention people in houses opposite who might be looking out of their own front windows at that time.
Becky got the mailbox open and retrieved a couple of letters. She waved them cheerily to Lisa, then looked around again.
"Dare me to cross the road?!" she called back to her friend.
Lisa laughed. Again, Becky had obviously decided what she wanted to do, and was looking for a bit of encouragement to overcome any - sensible - reservations she had. "Alright then," she called back, "Dare you!"
Becky grinned and stepped around the gatepost, onto the pavement outside the house. She skipped briskly over to the road and over it - stepping gingerly, the asphalt hot, stones sharp under her bare feet. When she reached the pavement on the other side she paused a moment then, arms out, turned a full 360 degrees - then laughing she ran back across the road again, not stopping at the gate but continuing up the driveway, through the doorway. Lisa stepped aside as her naked friend barreled through, slamming the front door shut behind her.
Becky leaned against the wall in the hallway, breathing hard. Her face was flushed and, Lisa noticed, her nipples stood to attention, crowning her soft breasts. Her friend had clearly found something very exciting in what they had just done.
"That was fun!" Becky gasped. "Thanks for the encouragement!"
"Don't, er, mention it," Lisa replied. She didn't want to admit it, but Becky's exhilaration had been exciting for her to see as well.
Some snacks and a break from studying to lounge in the sun gave both girls a chance to recover their composure and, as the day wore on, they returned to the grueling task of their revision.
It was mid-afternoon now, and the quietness of the day was suddenly broken by the doorbell ringing. Both girls, the naked one and the clothed one, sat up with a start.
"Doorbell." Lisa said redundantly.
"Should I go answer it?" Becky asked.
"Up to you," Lisa began blankly - living in family homes, they often didn't bother to answer the doorbell in the daytime unless told by their parents that a delivery or some such was coming -then she paused. "Wait, what?"
Becky had that grin again. "Dare me to?" she asked.
"What?!" Lisa exclaimed. "No!"
Becky made a face. "Poo," she said, "no fun."
"What?" Lisa responded. "I'm not gonna dare you to go and open your front door naked to some random caller, who knows who is out there?"
"I guess..." Becky pouted. She was clearly disappointed.
"Look," Lisa said. "If you want to do it, I can't stop you. But I don't see why you need me to dare you to do it?"
"It's just... it's more fun that way," Becky replied. "I dunno. I don't really want to get into it now. Just... please?"
The bell rang again.
"Fine," Lisa said, exasperated. "I dare you to answer the door naked."
Becky leapt up, grinning. "C'mon," she called for Lisa to follow her, and sprang into the hallway. The two girls approached the front door, Becky in the lead, Lisa a few paces behind. As before, Becky took a moment to compose herself and then opened the door.
"Hi, I'm from Northumbria Windows. We were in the area and were wondering if you were considering having your fascia boards and soffits replaced and - bloody hell!"
There was a man at the door, dressed in smart trousers and a polo shirt with the logo of a window company on the breast pocket. He was probably in his twenties, ginger-haired, his clean-shaven face ruddy and pink from the summer heat. He'd started his salesman's spiel before he'd realized that Becky was nude at the door. Now she stood before him in all her glory, he was lost for words.
"Uh, windows and... home improvement..." he managed.
"Oh, sorry," Becky said in a mock-disappointed tone. "My mum's out at work, can't help you I'm afraid."
The man nodded slowly. He hadn't blinked - perhaps he thought if he did, Becky would disappear. Then a look of panic crossed his face. "Wait, did you say 'mum'? How old are you? Should I be looking at you all... like that?"
Becky laughed. "No! I'm eighteen. Look away!" Almost imperceptibly she thrust out her chest, one hand on her hip - a deliberate attempt at a sexy pose. The man's eyes bulged.
"Erm," he managed, "that is to say... maybe I could come in a while? Show you what we - what I - have to offer? Seeing as, well, I've seen what you've got to offer..."
Behind Becky, Lisa burst out laughing. She couldn't blame the guy for trying it on with Becky - how often was he going to ring a doorbell and have a beautiful naked girl answer? But his chat-up technique was hitting a point somewhere between awkward and cheesy, and it was more embarrassing to watch than it was enticing.
Becky, too, wasn't impressed. "Sorry, mate," she said in a conciliatory way. "I've got company already. Not interested. But thanks for stopping by." And with that she stepped back and closed the door - the salesman craning around the closing gap to get a very last glimpse of her.
Door closed, both girls fell about with laughter.
"Oh, my God," Becky gasped. "Did you see his face?"
"I know! You made his day, then ruined it, all in one go!"
"I've always wanted to do that!"
Lisa stopped laughing. She looked at Becky. Her friend this morning had been excited to have walked out of her house naked and across the street. Now, she was positively giddy - again, flushed and physically excited, but also thrilled in other, less tangibleways.
Always wanted to do that? What did that mean? Becky had answered the door naked on a whim, or so Lisa thought. But perhaps it wasn't. Perhaps this was something more, that Becky was acting out something that had been a fantasy of hers before now.
Lisa wasn't sure how to feel about that - being involved in whatever this was, and seeing Becky's apparent thrill at having exposed herself in that way, was somewhat troubling. But, she couldn't deny it was more than a little exciting for her as well.
(To be continued.)