No!not that sort of quickie.
My god you lot have got filthy minds, did you really think I was going to tell you a dirty story?..."OMG! You did, did't you."... OK if you insist, but it will only be a quickie, not a lot of time for writing today, way too busy being a naughty girl, bad girls have so much more fun, don't you agree?
I will put this little story into the Incest category, but I think we should call it
The Exhibitionist
******
"It's been a fabulous day Daddy, thank you so much and thank you for these lovely shoes."
"It has been a lovely day, so good to have had the chance to be out on our own for the day and OMG, you look so good in those shoes, so so sexy. I've really enjoyed showing you off today."
"Well you know how much I love flashing for you Daddy, I think I've made a lot of people happy today."
"I know you have darling, you also caused some tears."
"Ooops yeah I did didn't I,bad girl!ha ha. Love you Daddy."
Daddy took me to London today; it is not very often that we get to spend a day out together like this. Today is a bit special, it is my 19th birthday, London has been a special treat, Mummy had to work today unexpectedly, so couldn't come.
Mummy and Daddy, yes that is how I refer to them, despite the fact that I am 19, that is how I like it and so do they.
They don't own me as such, but I do have to do as I am told when I am with them. I like being there for them whenever they want me. We have an agreement that they can have me for sex, any way, any time and anywhere, I won't object, "Object!No fuckin way!" I can't get enough of it, in return I get treated like a princess. Daddy loves to watch me flashing in public, a good job really, because I am addicted to exhibitionism. Mummy and Daddy promised me that once I was 19 they would take me to London to spend the day flashing wherever I could.
That is what Daddy and I have done today.
How did the day start? Well let me take you right back to the beginning.
*****
"Come on you dirty little slut, we're going out."
"OK Daddy, just let me grab a quick shower, where are we going?"
"I'm taking you to London for a birthday treat."
"What are we going to do?"
"I am going to take you to buy a new pair of shoes, and then we can spend some time looking around, before coming home. How does that sound?"
"I'm up for that Daddy."
"I know you are, ya little slut, but you've got no choice, you're mine for the day."
I ran to the bathroom, quick shower, teeth cleaned, hair dried and ready to get dressed, but what was I supposed to wear, knowing what Daddy likes, it would have to be as little as possible.
Thought I had better ask.
"What do you want me to wear Daddy?"
"There's some stuff on the bed in our room, Mummy sorted it before she left this morning."
I ran down the corridor to their room to see what Mummy had left out for me. Actually, she is worse than Daddy is when it comes to what I should wear. Daddy likes to see me in short skirts and skimpy tops, but Mummy would have me naked all the time, if she could.
"Fuckin hell there's not much of this. Can I really wear it in public?" I asked. "Jesus Christ, are you trying to get me arrested Daddy?"
"Ha ha you'll do, if you get arrested, you'll have to give them a show to get yourself off."
"Yeah you'd fuckin love that wouldn't you, ya dirty bugger."
"Of course, now get your arse down here, we've got a train to catch."
I picked up the outfit, what little there was of it and ran back to my room. The outfit consisted of just a thin, flared, micro skirt, fuckin hell, I was going to have a job keeping my cunt covered with this one, and a black lace top very clingy. There was no bra and no knickers, why am I not surprised?
I'm sorry for the use of the word "cunt" instead of something less vulgar, but that's the way Daddy likes it and I like to please him. Anyway, by now you should know what a filthy bitch I am.
I put the skirt and top on with the heels that Mummy had left out for me. I stood back, looked at myself in the mirror and smiled, "fuckin hell, you look good."
I ran downstairs to Daddy, I could see on his face that he liked what he saw, but I was under no illusions as to what he was up too, he will show me off at every opportunity.
"Come on girl, get your arse outside, there's a taxi waiting to take us to the station."
I skipped like a naughty schoolgirl down the path to the waiting taxi and into the back, followed closely by Daddy,no, he wasn't skipping like a schoolgirl, ha ha.
No sooner had the taxi started moving than Daddy was pushing my legs apart, I noticed that the driver was adjusting his mirror, it is only a short journey to the station, so of course I made sure he got a good view in the short time that I had to show him my cunt.
The driver had a big smile on his face when he turned round at the station, Daddy took out his wallet to pay, "no charge," said the driver.
Works every time, ha ha.
There were quite a few people on the platform, it was rush hour, a great time to flash. I didn't need telling what Daddy would want me to do. It was a sunny morning, I found myself a spot a little bit away from Daddy and stood with my back to the sun. The skirt was thin and loose, so would blow up with the slightest breeze, not that there was much of the skirt anyway and the sun shining through it would light up my legs, it would be obvious that I wasn't wearing knickers.
OMG! The disapproving looks I got from the women on the platform, well most of them anyway, there were a couple who I think would have fucked me there and then, given the opportunity. Fuckin hell, it must have looked as though I was naked, well all right I was, almost.
I am such an exhibitionist, I get such a thrill from showing myself off whenever I can. Thank god, I don't have to be so secretive about it these days, yes of course Mummy and Daddy knew what I was up to especially in my bedroom at night, lights on dancing naked to my music, Mr Wilson across the road was always watching me through his binoculars from behind his curtain.
Sorry I digress. I loved seeing the disapproving looks I got today, from both sexes and then of course there is the approving looks from mostly the men.
A woman approached me, mid 50's I would guess, she was beautiful, tall, slim and elegant, butter wouldn't melt, or so I thought.
"Here we go, she's going to try and put me in my place." That's what I thought anyway.
"My god you are a dirty slut aren't you."
"If you say so, but what's it got to do with you?" I was already getting defensive.
"Young lady, don't lose your cool, I'm on your side. In my world I have to be so perfect, but once in a while, I would like to let my hair down and be a slut like you, but I would never have the nerve or courage. I must say, you look so inviting."
"Well I don't do this all the time, I have a job to think about as well. Have you got a pen and paper?"
She gave me a puzzled look, but delved into her handbag and produced a business card, turning it face down, "will that do?" I took the card from her and wrote my mobile number on the back of it, but not before I looked on the other side to see who she was.
"Fuckin hell!"Was my immediate thought. She was the MD of Mallory Transport, one of the biggest transport companies in the country.
I handed the card back to her, she smiled at me as she put the card in her purse. "Thank you for that, you might hear from me," she said, and blew me a kiss as she walked away.
Anyway, that's another story.
I giggled inside, "Ooops I caused that." I think I just got that guy into trouble, he couldn't take his eyes off of me, now he's trying to get on the train while his wife is bettering hell out of him with her handbag. Sorry, but I couldn't help laughing.
There was no seats left by the time Daddy and I managed to get on, so we stood in the isle. Smiling at me, Daddy indicated for me to look behind, "oh shit!" I thought, that's the guy who just got battered. He was sitting in the seat behind me, he would have a great view up my skirt and I was certain that he could see my naked bum. I looked at his wife's face, OMG if looks could kill, this guy is in deep do do, poor guy, he's trying so hard not to look.
I just can't help myself, I was about to make things a whole lot worse for him. I smiled at Daddy, in return he gave me a knowing wink as I turned round, moving slightly over in the isle as I did so and stood hanging on with my legs slightly apart, knowing that this poor guy could now see my cunt. Jesus Christ he could put his hand out and touch it, I was so close to him.
I felt sorry for the guy, what could he do? He had to look, of course he did, but now he was getting battered again, in front of a carriage full of people, with her calling him all the dirty bastard names she could muster, her face was bright red with rage. "Ooops."
The train pulled into Kings Cross Station, we got off leaving that guy to the mercy of his wife, we laughed all the way down the platform. "This is already turning out to be a good day Daddy." Daddy just smiled.
So I was a bit naughty, well all right a lot naughty, but I didn't tell him to look at my cunt,or did I,well OK so maybe I did in a roundabout way, "ha ha that was so funny."
Come on now, what did you expect, I am an exhibitionist, aint I.
Down to the underground we went, Piccadilly line, out to Knightsbridge, heading for Harrods and the Laboutins department.
No no no, don't be silly, not buying shoes in there, but a girl has to look.
I could feel eyes on me as we walked around looking at the shoes, I picked up a pair of Loubi Queen, "fuckin hell, £625.00." We were laughing about the price when I heard coughing behind me.
"Excuse me madam, I'm afraid I have to ask you to leave."
I looked round to see this middle-aged, smarmy looking git leering at me.
"Are you talking to me, you fuckin little worm?"
His face went deep red, he spluttered some words indicating that we should leave, I raised my voice a little.
"OK, I'll leave, just as soon as you get your fucking hand off my arse, you dirty little bastard."
He quickly stepped back away from me, all eyes in the shop were burning into him. I don't know what he was saying as we left, but he was stuttering something in his defence, "ha ha, got him." No no, of course he didn't have his hand on my arse, but the other customers couldn't see that. Yeah I know, I'm a wicked bitch.
I skipped and danced for Daddy as we walked through the store to the exit. Outside, there was a fresh breeze blowing, I couldn't keep my skirt down as I skipped along the pavement, not that I was trying very hard, every few yards someone got an eyeful of my naked arse or my cunt.
Now on the train and heading for Tottenham Court Road, to a shoe shop we had seen many times before, but never been into.
The train ride was uneventful,well almost,you know me by now, it's never completely free of a bit of naughtiness. We were packed in like sardines, I could have pulled my skirt right up and no one would have been able to see anything. I quietly mentioned that to Daddy.
Well of course he did, what do you expect, the dirty bastard was always going to pull it up once I had mentioned it.
He was standing behind me, pressed in tight to my back, his cock pressing into my arse, I could feel it growing as he took hold of my skirt at the sides and discreetly eased it up. The guy in front of me had his bum pressed in tight to me, I could feel him rubbing on my naked flesh, I wondered if he had felt my skirt being pulled up, as Daddy eased it between me and him.
That was all right, until the train stopped at the next station and a lot of people got off. The people getting off didn't see anything, they were focussed on getting through the doors, but I couldn't get it pulled down quick enough, so some people getting on, got a full frontal as I was trying to pull it down, "Ha ha, do I care?" Of course not.
We stopped to look in the shop window before going in, it was still very breezy and I wanted to take full advantage of it. My skirt was almost permanently up revealing my naked arse, we stood there for at least five minutes, listening to all the derogatory comments from the women and the filthy ones from most of the men, some of course would have sided with the women.
We entered the shop, to find that we were the only ones in there, two sales lads started arguing as to which one of them was going to serve me, or should that be service me, they should be so lucky, ha ha.
While they were arguing over that, a young girl stepped in, such a pretty girl, so very petite, small tits, but in proportion to her frame, a lovely waistline and a tight round bum. I looked at Daddy, there was no doubt about what he thought of her, he is a big guy, but has a thing for small girls.
"Christ she only looks about 14 years old," I thought.
"Can I help you madam."
"Madam!"Have I become the owner of a whorehouse over night?
"I'm sure you can, I'm looking for a pair of strappy heeled boots in black, something very sexy."
Her eyes lit up when I used the word sexy.
"Take a seat here madam, I'll bring you what we have, what size would madam require?"
"Size 5 please, oh and stop calling me madam, I'm not a lady, nor the owner of a whorehouse."
"I can see you're not a lady."
I must have looked totally shocked at that remark, and that seemed to have frightened her.
"Oh god, I'm so so sorry, I don't know what made me say that, please forgive me."
"I know why you said it, it was because you thought it, you were just thinking out loud."
"No no no! I wasn't, really I wasn't."
"Don't be silly, we both know what you thought and I liked it, I liked your honesty, even if you didn't mean to say it. You thought I was a dirty slut,Right,well of course you did."
"Well if you really want the truth, yes OK, you came in wearing a skirt that short, quite obviously wearing no knickers, yes that is what I thought, but I liked what I saw, I just had to serve you."
"That's better, now that is out of the way you can say anything you want to me, call me a dirty whore if you want to, it's fine by me. Now bring me some shoes, we can then relax and talk about it. Oh, before you go, how old are you?"
"I'm 18 why?"
"Just because of the way I'm dressed and you look like only 14."
I thought to myself "You're a fuckin, liar," of course I was, I fancied the girl.
She laughed, "yeah I have so much trouble getting into clubs."
"Don't you carry an ID card?" I asked.
She told me that she did, but even that gets questioned. She showed me the card, not that I needed to see it, I believed her, not sure that Daddy did though, until he saw the card.
As soon as she had gone out to the storeroom, the two lads came over, to ask if there was anything they could help with. I made sure that they couldn't see any more of me than I wanted them to see. I stood up keeping my legs tightly together. "Yes please, you can go and make me a cup of coffee, then you can leave me alone, that young lady is serving me as you well know." One of them skulked off to make me a coffee.
I was surprised that he agreed to do that, never had that in a shop before.
The other lad stayed.
"That girl is only a beginner here, I have a lot more experience, I could serve you better."
"You possibly can," I said and stopped for a few seconds, giving him the chance to think he was doing all right. "It seems to me that you do have a lot of experience." Again I stopped, I could see an air of success on his face."Experience in annoying customers,NOW FUCK OFF!"
Poor lad scurried away with his tail between his legs, they both came back with the coffee just as the girl came back with a pile of boxes. One of the lads tried to make her look small by criticizing her choice.
"What did I tell you? She knows exactly what I want, PISS OFF!"
OMG, I was being so nasty to those two lads.
She thanked me for sticking up for her, I told her that they had their chance to serve me, but started fighting instead, I wasn't going to have them muscling in now.
She pulled up a box seat and sat down in front of me, I started to unbuckle and take of a shoe, I made sure that my legs were spread, just a little, so that she could get a glimpse of my cunt, I could always close them if I thought she didn't like it.
"I'd like to do that for you please, if you just put your foot up here."
"Oh OK if you want to."
"Yes please, I do want to, just put you foot up here on the box."
She parted her legs, for me to put my foot between them, at the same time displaying a pair of red panties. I had to assume that she knew what I could see. The buckles now undone, she nervously placed a hand on my calf and eased the shoe off, then did the same with the other one.
While she was removing the first pair of shoes from the box, I gently rubbed the inside of her thigh with my toes, she jumped, but didn't say anything or try to close her legs.
"So young lady, (OMG I spoke to her as if she was a little girl, maybe because she looked like one) why did you rush to serve me while those two idiots were fighting. Was it because of what I am wearing or rather, not wearing?"
"Y y yes, I suppose it was, but not just that, I have often thought about being a bit like you, but never really been brave enough." (I've heard that already today)
"if you want to flash, why don't you take someone with you for safety, I wouldn't do it on my own, Phil (Couldn't call him Daddy) is always with me, usually pretending that he isn't. Have you ever tried flashing anywhere?"
"If I told my female friends what I wanted to do, I would be outcast, and I don't have a boyfriend. The only flashing I've done is in my bedroom at night with the lights on, just dancing to my music in a bra and thong, I have noticed one neighbour trying to get a look, but only once."
"So how did that make you feel?"
"It felt good, I got a bit more daring and took off my bra, my tit's aren't very big, but thought I would show him, but he was gone before I had a chance.
"Ha ha, probably got caught watching by his wife. Your tits aren't so small, they look lovely and in proportion."
"Thank you, I like them."
"I have an idea."
I looked across at Daddy, he had just been standing there quietly up to now, he would know what I was going to suggest without me telling him, I just looked at him for approval, he winked at me and nodded his head.
I asked her what days she had off work, she told me that she worked every weekday, Weekends, they had weekend staff in and so she had every weekend free.
I invited her to come and stay with us for a weekend and come out with us. She loved that idea, but said that she had nothing revealing enough to wear.
"Don't worry about that, we can sort that out, why don't you come this weekend?"
All the time we had been talking, she had been trying different pairs of shoes on me and in between, I had been rubbing the inside of her thighs with my toes.
"O o oh, mmm, th that sounds a lovely idea, if you are sure."
Why was she suddenly stuttering? ...Well, because I had moved my toes and placed them firmly on her cunt, rubbing up and down, I could see and feel a damp patch appearing in her panties, she was biting her lip trying to stop herself from moaning, it wasn't working. Her hands were shaking and she was starting to breathe heavily.
The two lads were giggling like school kids from behind the counter at the far end of the shop, ear-wigging, trying to hear our conversation, good job they couldn't see what my toes were doing.
"She is going to orgasm," I thought, but I didn't want to embarrass her in front of the lads, I quickly removed my foot and quietly told her to go out to the toilet and I would follow. Turning to Daddy, I winked at him and then looked at the two lads, Daddy knew I wanted him to prevent them following.
In the toilet, I found her leaning back against the wall, her hand in her knickers. I locked the door and quickly set about undoing her blouse, I wanted to get at her tits, bra off, "Jesus Christ they are lovely," I thought to myself, not big, but bigger than they looked before, "she must be wearing a bra that is too small," I though.
She had small nipples, but they were erect and hard, I immediately got my tongue working overtime on them, and at the same time, I pushed a hand down inside her panties, looking for her now dripping cunt.
Before dropping to my knees I stepped back, she was standing in front of me, tits exposed, skirt pulled up and her knickers partly down. She was so tiny and looked so young, "OMG, I hope she really is 18," I thought, but I had seen her ID card and it was an official one.
I dropped to my knees, pulled her Panties down, got her feet out of them and pushed her legs as far apart as I could. I was drooling, she looked and smelled delicious, now to taste her, ooh heaven.
I gripped her bum with my fingers, "oh my, her bum is so round and tight." My fingers gripped into her flesh and I pulled her towards me, I slid between her legs, my tongue was straight into her. No time to spend relishing in her taste, she would have to get back to the shop.
She was on the verge of an orgasm before we came out here, she wouldn't hold out long. Her oh so delicious body was trembling already, she jumped as my tongue slid across her clit for the first time, trembling was turning to shaking, she grabbed my hair and pulled my head in tight to her, in turn I squeezed her bum hard and pulled myself in even tighter.
She started yelling, "fucking hell, what are you doing to me," I could feel her cunt twitching, expanding and contracting. "Oh fuck! Fuck, fuck, I'm going to! Don't stop, fuck fuck fuck." she let out an animalistic scream, I covered her cunt with my mouth as she let go a hot stream of lady cum.
As she closed her legs and stood straight again, very unsteadily I might add, she said, "fuckin hell if that is what it's like with another girl, I want it again." I realised then, that I was the first girl to have got into her knickers, "fuckin hell, is this girl a virgin? Surly not," I thought.
That I will find out when she comes to stay at the weekend. In the mean time, I picked up her knickers and put them in my bag, she looked at me inquisitively. "You don't need those now," I told her.
She got dressed and went nickerless, back into the shop, I wiped my face and followed her. I walked through the door, just as one of the lads was telling her that she has to give him a blowjob or he will report her.
No no!I wasn't having any of that, a red mist came over me, I felt like steam was going to come out of my ears, I was in such a rage, I thought my head would burst. The lad laughed a nervous laugh as I walked up to him. "I was only Joking!" The little shit said in a frightened voice. I lashed out, grabbed his balls and squeezed, hard, he let out a scream.
"Now you listen to me you horrible little maggot! If you say one word out of place in the future to her, I will come back and string you up by your balls, when I've finished with you, no girl will want you, I doubt they'll be interested in this tiny thing anyway."
I let go and he went down onto his knees, holding himself and crying, snivelling like a baby.
Daddy and I left the shop, I kissed her on the cheek saying, "see you at the weekend,"
"I'm proud of you young lady," Daddy said, as he squeezed my hand while walking down the road. "It was nothing I had thought about Daddy, I just saw red when I heard what that lad said to her." I laughed out loud, "I guess if he does anything wrong now, I will have to go back and string him up by his balls, ha ha."
Daddy laughed "OMG I'd love to see that, but he's not going to cause her any problems, did you notice that while he was on his knees crying, he pissed himself. There was a puddle on the floor."
I couldn't stop laughing all the way down the road.
"Where are we going now Daddy?"
"Well we've got enough time before our train is due in, so we can get a coffee."
"Sounds good to me, but I'd rather get a good fucking."
"Why am I not surprised, after what you've just done, Young lady."
Over a coffee we talked and laughed about the events of the day, I, jokingly of course, suggested that we could fuck on the train.
"Oh yeah young lady, even if the carriage was empty, how long do you think it would take the guard to get down the train after spotting us on the CCTV."
"He can watch if he wants Daddy."
"Yeah you'd like that, wouldn't you, but it aint going to happen."
"But Daddy I need you to fuck me, somewhere, anywhere."
"OK lets walk home from the station instead of getting a taxi, we can then walk through the park."
"Oh yes please Daddy, you can fuck me against a tree or on a park bench."
We finished our drinks and walked to the station, the train was already in when we got there, just four stops and a short walk to the park. I told daddy to hurry up and that after this afternoon, I really need a good fucking.
"What you need is a bloody good spanking my girl."
"Oooh yes please Daddy."
"Be careful what you wish for young lady."
I skipped into the park, the low sun was lighting up the trees turning them red, it looked beautiful, but that would make us so visible.
As we walked through, I looked for a tree that was in the shade a little and away from the main walkway where all the dog walkers congregate.
"Ooh that one looks good," I said to Daddy. I had seen a huge old Oak tree, just off the pathway.
"Come on daddy, over here."
"Slow down girl, it's a bit close to the path isn't it?"
"Come on Daddy, live a little, I want you to fuck me against that tree."
"Come on then, there's no one about."
I took off my top and skirt, I wanted to be naked, I leaned back against the tree, Daddy undid his Zip and pulled out his cock, he was already quite hard. He denies it, but he likes the thrill of fucking me in a public place, as much as I do.
I took his cock in my hand and started rubbing him before dropping to my knees and taking him into my mouth, I licked and sucked on its head, pre-cum was dripping, I wiped it up in my hand and gripped his cock tightly, I could feel it getting so hard now, he was ready.
"Now fuck your little girl Daddy, fuck me hard, my cunt is dripping, aching, waiting for your cock, FUCK ME NOW! Pleeeease."
Grabbing hold of my hair, he dragged me to my feet and slammed me back against the tree.
"You are a dirty little whore! What are you?"
"I'myourdirty little whore Daddy."
As I leaned back against the tree, Daddy leaned into me, the rough bark of the tree, scraping my back and my arse. He kicked my legs apart, put his arms between them and behind my knees, then lifted me up, pushing me hard into the trunk of the tree as his cock entered me.
The rough bark on the tree felt like animal claws gripping and tearing at my arse as Daddy fucked me.
Almost animal like, he fucked me, harder and harder, his cock was going like the piston of a steam train. I had been wanting this all afternoon, I was loving it, even the pain of the bark tearing at my arse felt good.
I looked over Daddies shoulder and saw three old men with their dogs, they were just stood there watching us, I stretched out my arm and beckoned them with a finger to come closer. I had an audience, the thrill, the sensations, all heightened now by the fact that these old men were watching. The tree bark felt like it was alive and grabbing at my arse every time Daddies cock slammed into me.
I was being transported into another world, a world of depraved, sexual pleasure, my own Daddy was fucking me in public, with three guys watching me.
An orgasm was already building inside of me, my body was taking on a mind of its own. Wave after wave of perverted pleasure was coursing through me, I screamed out "FUCK ME DADDY!"
I heard the dog walkers shouting and cheering "Go on Dad fuck her, fuck her hard."
I was breathing heavily and erratic, my legs had stiffened and were locked around Daddy, sweat was oozing from every pore of my body, stinging my eyes as it ran down my face. I was consumed by a feeling of total shameless depravity and wanted more.
"Jesus fuckin Christ, F F F FUCK ME HARDER DADDY!" I stuttered and screamed again as a huge charge of sexual fire ripped right through me.
It felt as though I had been hit by a bolt of lightning, as a shattering orgasm hit my convulsing body, making me scream for the whole world to hear. Tears were running from my eyes, my legs were rigid, Daddies cock was deep in my wanton cunt, pumping hot cum in an endless stream, deep inside me. I was trapped, trapped between Daddy fucking me like an animal and this tree with its bark tearing at my back and arse.
I was gasping for breath and trying to unlock my legs, but didn't have the strength. Two of the dog walkers rushed over and helped me. Daddy stepped back pulling his now limp cock from me, the two guys were holding me, one each side and as daddy stepped back, they lowered me to the floor.
I just sat there for a moment, looking like a drowned rat, legs spread, unable to move or say anything, a mixture of Daddies and my own ladycum dribbling from my cunt.
I looked round to thank the guys, but they had gone, it was as though they hadn't been there at all.
"Where did they go Daddy."
"Where did who go darling."
"The dog walkers Daddy."
"What dog walkers?"
Did I imagine the dog walkers in the height of ecstasy? Was that just wishful thinking? Daddy helped me to my feet, I walked slowly and very unsteadily across the park holding on to his hand.
"What are we going to do with that little girl at the weekend Daddy?"
"Are you sure she is 18?"
"Yes she is daddy."
"Then I guess you and I will have some fun."