Waking early, last night's events become a crystal clear memory as I discover Samy curled up next to me. I can feel her soft brown skin next to mine. As I move my body, I can feel her relax a little more, and a soft sigh leaves her mouth.
Ah, that mouth. How wonderful it felt around my cock, her lips tightening as she moved her head up and down. She ravenously consumed my cum, not leaving any evidence anywhere on me. With a smile, she climbed on top of me very quickly, and rode me to yet another orgasm, this time squirting all over me before I became too limp for her to enjoy.
Quite honestly, I'm not sure what happened to the other couple. Samy and I got back to the room so horny from being nude in the stairwell and then fucking behind the hotel's front desk that we came together very quickly and the world didn't matter for what I hope was many hours. It's funny how time and space disappear when you're holding that perfect woman.
I continued to move up and out of bed. Just catching a glimpse of Samy's incredible hot latin ass causes my jaw to drop yet again. Her soft round ass is the perfect size for my hands as I reach over to cover Samy. I feel goosebumps under my fingers as I run them in a circle on her left buttcheek. Her legs naturally part under the sheet, and I stand in awe of her beauty.
"Where are you going?" I hear Samy mumble.
"I'll be right back with some breakfast, then we need to go get some supplies you will need." I answer.
"Okay my love. I'll be right here." Samy whispers slightly.
I head out, ensuring I have my room key. No need to for another trip to the front desk. In fact, I'm glad to see there is another front desk clerk as walk out. I wonder how that security tape is looking right about now.
Finding breakfast only takes a few minutes, and I rush back to the room, food in hand. I open the door, and am greeted by the sound of the shower. I drop our breakfast off on the dresser holding the television and head to the bathroom.
There I find Samy standing in the shower under the water, backed into a corner, and legs wide open. Her arms are above her head, and she stares directly at me, beckoning me to come to her with a finger.
I begin to pull my shirt up, and pull a shoe off with the other foot...
"No. Come here." Samy directs.
"Alright." I answer, stepping into the warm shower.
"Eat my pussy. I just can't wait." Samy begs me.
"Stay just like that." I say, as I kneel in front of her.
My clothes become quickly soaked by the water, and its warmth makes her cunt extremely delicious. The heat of the water has softened her clit, and I nibble on her with just my lips and tongue. Somehow, her legs tighten around my head but Samy stays in place. I go ahead and grind my head up and down and deeper into her. If Samy is going to squirt all over my face, I may not be able to tell due to the water running all over me.
"That's enough." I hear through the cascading waters of the shower.
Samy pushes off me, and pulls on my head to guide me to my feet.
"I'm going to edge all day just for you." Samy says as we come face to face.
"Well, that could be a lot of edging since we might be gone all day. Can you really wait until we get home to finish?" I say, hoping to finish her right now.
"Who said we will finish here?" Samy states.
"Sounds fair. Let's get rolling." I reply.
I lay out my wet clothes to dry, get dressed again, and we head out. Samy is in some really tight shorts, and cami with tank top, or basically perfect for this weather. Mostly hot with a chance of squirting showers. I anticipate a fun time.
As far as clothing, the local tiendas should have exactly what we need. Samy knows her way around the various shops. We pop in and out of various stands and small shops of differing sizes. We pick up light clothing for the hikes ahead, enough to cover our bodies and keep us cool in the tropical humidity we are sure to encounter.
Samy is a changing room pro. Not only can she try on clothes quickly, she somehow knows when and where to tease me. One place has a really small closet type thing for checking out possible clothing. One is simply in a corner, and has a shower rod holding up a dark piece of cloth.
Either way, and no matter where, Samy flashes me. She starts off slow, showing her cami. But, Samy moves quickly, and is soon covering her chest with her arm as she opens the curtain to ask for a different size choice. In fact, I learn quickly to ensure she enters the changing area with the wrong size item. The more I have to bring her, the more I get to see.
Finally, at what proves to be the last shop, Samy has a few shirts to try on, all the wrong size of course. As we progress through the choices, Samy becomes totally naked by the last shirt. As I bring her the correct size, I open the curtain ever so slightly as usual and am greeted by Samy totally naked. Only this time, she is rubbing her pussy with one hand, and her tits with the other. I take a moment to watch her fingers go in and out of her cunt.
Keeping her eyes on mine, Samy removes her fingers, and takes the garment from me.
"You came back just in the nick of time." Samy tells me. "I was edging quite quickly."
"Well, lucky me. Go ahead and get dressed then. I think I know just the place to continue this." I reply.
Leaving the shops, I need directions.
"I saw a billboard advertising a shopping mall with some big American type stores. How do we get there?" I ask Samy.
"We take a bus." She responds, and heads down the street.
The buses I have seen here have always been very full. I don't usually travel much from my hotel or hostel, so I have no idea what to expect. What I should have expected was a bus full of people. There is nowhere to sit as we board, but plenty of room to stand thankfully.
We move toward the middle of the bus where we can hold onto the overhead bar. I grab the bar, and Samy wraps her arm around me. I tighten my grip as I take responsibility for balancing two bodies in a bus full of unexpected movement and bounces.
I am able to kiss Samy, and she moves tightly against me. I feel her legs separate just enough so her entire crotch is against my hip. I look at her beautiful face as she begins to enjoy the buses rhythm effect. Samy looks back at me, and closes her eyes ever so gently, almost in a dreamlike state with the swaying of the vehicle.
I kiss her again as the bus comes to a stop. Some of the passengers depart, and we are able to move to a vertical pole near the rear exit. There we place the pole between us, and hold onto each other with one arm, the other hand on the pole. And now, the real grinding can begin. Samy has the pole firmly against her pussy, and is as close to me as she can manage with the pole between us.
Here, I can now witness Samy grind even more on her amazing body. Again, her eyes close, and the movement of the bus takes over. I can almost feel the pleasure emanating from her gorgeous body. The rest of the ride is a test of her will. The bus enters a highway, and the vibrations quicken with the speed. I brush Samy's hair from her face as we exit off, and she backs up a little so we can prepare to disembark at the mall.
The mall turns out to be a necessary evil. I hate these bastions of capitalism, but it does have a sporting goods store where I know we will find some gear for the trail, namely a tent.
Sure enough, the camping section in the store is well stocked. All we need is bigger tent than the one I have, and some cooking utensils and small propane canisters. Samy is instantly drawn to the tents on display.
"We need that one right there." I tell her, pointing at a 10lb two man tent.
"It's quite small." Samy says, smiling.
"We don't need anything heavier to carry. We would be slowed by the weight." I answer with authority.
Samy crawls in, and I spy a set of plates and utensils along with the MRE's I like to carry for emergencies.
I grab what we need and head back to the tent. Samy's feet are visible just within the doors. I bend down, and find Samy completely naked, legs spread wide open, and her index finger spreading open her wet juiciness. Damn, she is fast.
"Yep. This tent will work perfectly for us." I say, admiring the view.
"Oh, I'm not quite done with this test drive." Samy replies. She then turns completely around, her face now looking up at me.
With that, Samy goes completely bonkers. Her hips begin moving up and down, and her right hand goes to work on her clit. So, I'm thinking we won't make it back to the hotel without Samy finishing off.
Sure enough, she is soon squirting all over the inside of the tent. The sound of her liquids hitting the material of the tent is unmistakable.
"O Damn." I hear Samy say.
"What? You weren't done?" I ask.
"Shut up. I've been working on these all day." Samy replies quickly.
And away she goes, into total body convulsions, shaking the tent.
Good gosh, I have to get this woman out of this tent, out of this store, and back to the hotel so I can completely consume her. I hope she has enough left in the tank.