This story does not take place in our universe but in a close neighbour. Due to an ever-so-slight alteration in the development of the human brain's hypothalamus and its regulation of sexual arousal, the average person is of a mental state which you and I would refer to as hypersexual. As a consequence of the Sexual Revolution of the 1960s, this has led to a world where sex is an ordinary recreational activity -- acquaintances screw each other regularly and work colleagues think little more of a tongue in the ass than they would of a hug. This is what that world is like to live in.
...
I hated business parks. They felt soulless in the extreme -- just rows and rows of identical glass and plastic warehouses with barely a tree to liven things up. So I guess it was inevitable that I'd ended up working at one -- and been desperate to do so.
It wasn't much of a job and certainly not the start of a career but, as a fresh-faced graduate, I'd take whatever I could get -- and, in a place like Telford, purpose-built for this kind of heartless business aesthetic, it really was all a girl like me could get. So here I was, staring at a big glass cube in a line of big glass cubes, made distinctive only by the plastic sign near the double-door entrance identifying it as 'OVADAL-MIGNAULT TRANSPORT SERVICES LTD.' Did I know anything about transportation services? No -- but that doesn't stop you from getting a barebones admin job, apparently.
Oh, and I was late.
So, I was hurrying from the Number 6 bus and across the seemingly endless car park -- one vehicle, an old BMW, had misty windows and I wondered if someone was 'sending off' their partner before they started their own first day. Maybe. I wished that could be me -- I could have masturbated on the bus to relieve a shred of stress, I supposed, but I'd prefer not to show up all sticky and sweaty. It didn't indicate confidence to your superiors.
I wondered if they'd even like the look of me. I was a bit chubby, which had its own charm, and my black hair and poorly maintained bangs carried a certain mystique. It made me look a lot less shy than I was. But confidence was something I lacked -- though, of course, I wasn't above jerking off the occasional student on a train or tipping a delivery driver with some nipple play. What kind of ultraconservative would you need to be to be that?
Once I reached the doors, the problems mounted as I had no way of getting in. I hadn't been issued an ID card and I needed it to unlock the doors. The thought crossed my mind of following someone else inside but, fearing that I might be misinterpreted for a corporate spy (I don't know), I dug up the phone number of Mia -- my line manager. We'd spoken only once, during my final interview, and I found her number in the email signature confirming their employment offer. Oh, how I hoped it wouldn't be out of bounds to text her for help.
"Hi Mia," my text began, with me already hating it but panicking far too much to stop, "sorry to bother you but I'm not quite sure how to get into the office as I haven't been given a swipe card yet? I'm just outside the main entrance right now." I sent it -- then, cursing myself, sent a follow up: "This is Grace Bridges by the way! Sorry!" I couldn't have cringed harder at myself.
Barely a moment later, as a police helicopter buzzed overhead like a bluebottle, my phone pinged with Mia's reply.
"Hi Grace! Good news -- I'm late too! Should be with you in a few minutes and then I'll let you in. Excited to meet you!" I can't tell you how good the relief pouring into my veins felt. And it must have been exactly five minutes, too, before Mia arrived, flustered and apologising for the dreadful state of the local bus services. Dressed in blue jeans, a fuzzy yellow jumper, and trainers, she didn't look much like the head of a corporate department -- she looked like a fellow graduate, actually, and was pretty with her pudgy frame and full cheeks and black glasses and the strawberry blonde hair which ran messily down to her shoulders. There couldn't have been many years separating us.
"Hi!" she exclaimed, raising a hand in greeting, her ID dangling from a lanyard around her neck. I copied her.
"Hey," I replied, trying not to betray my nerves. "Mia, right?"
"That's me," she replied with a smile, scanning her ID -- the scanner beeped, an inner light turned green, and the double-doors swung open just a little bit too fast to be safe.
"I didn't spell your name wrong in my text, did I?" I laughed.
"Is that possible?" she giggled back. "It's three letters."
"I guess," I conceded, as I followed her inside. The reception desk smelled of carpet cleaner and was manned by a stern looking Sikh man who glanced up at us and nodded. A maintenance worker was struggling to negotiate with the water cooler across from him. "Do I need to get an ID before I start?"
"We'll worry about that at lunch," said Mia, as she led me through another set of doors and into a stairwell, "we're already late as all hell. Which is my fault and my fault only -- just to be super clear. Yeah, the IDs for all the businesses here get issued by the security office, and that's like a ten minute walk both ways. So not worth worrying about right now."
"Ah, well, fair enough, then," I said.
"Excited for your first day?"
"Nervous, really."
"I don't think anyone would fault you -- you won't be expected to know everything for, like, a year. So I wouldn't worry about getting thrown in at the deep end."
"Yeah, I remember you said something similar in the office." Mia reached over and patted my shoulder.
"You'll be fine -- everyone here's super nice. Don't see that changing soon."
I followed Mia up the stairs -- a couple steps behind her at all times, I could admire her round denim-covered bottom as she walked. Mia must have noticed because, glancing over her shoulder, she sniggered.
"Like what you see?"
"Well, obviously," I laughed; and she grinned at me. "It's a cute butt."
"I actually used to hate it," Mia replied, as we reached the top of the stairs -- she twisted to look round and regard it. "When I was younger I did squats all the time and now it's way better. I'd never let a cock in it, though. I'm far too gay."
"Oh, no, me neither," I laughed. "I mean my butt -- not yours. I wouldn't mind seeing you getting pounded."
"Only if it's a strapon," she said with a wink, before pulling the door open and leading me down the Third Floor's western corridor. We passed a few staff members, plastic lanyards dangling in front of crisp or unironed clothes, and none seemed to pay me any heed.
"So you prefer girls too, then?" Mia asked.
"Yeah," I replied, "I've dabbled with guys but I think I'm always gonna prefer pussy."
"Same -- but then I'm married so I should hope I've made my choice!" We both laughed.
"You don't think I'm overdressed, do you?" I asked, glancing down at my black dress which stuck to my admittedly all-too curvy figure, stopping at my knees where dark tights took up the role of covering my legs, in ways that had seemed nice and formal before breakfast but now felt a bit much -- especially when one man walked by in an Iron Maiden t-shirt.
"Maybe a tiny bit," Mia replied, sticking out the outer inches of her tongue. "But you look good.
We passed the break room, Mia pointing it out as we did, and through the door's thin rectangular window I saw two colleagues going at it -- a dark-skinned man in a charcoal suit with flowing dreadlocks and slender physique stood against the counter, holding it tightly, while a woman on her knees in front of him with flowing red hair gripped his hips and worked magic with her mouth.
"Oh," I said, "so that kind of thing's allowed here?"
"Yeah," said Mia blandly, "we're pretty casual. Just so long as it doesn't get in the way of work, obviously."
"Right," I replied, "that's fair. I've heard about one or two companies falling apart without setting those kinds of boundaries." Mia nodded as we passed the IT room.
After that, we were in an open space full of shared desks, perhaps a dozen people already working at the monitors.
"Morning, everyone," announced Mia, "sorry we're late." Everyone -- well, almost everyone; an older woman was wearing a headset and neck deep in a Teams meeting -- greeted her.
Mia introduced me to the team, found me a free desk by the window with a pleasant view of the car park, then hurried to the IT desk as she'd forgotten to get my login details. She returned with them, explained that my day would be nothing but getting acquainted with the system and doing some online training, and set me on my way. Suddenly, for the first time, I was an employee. I took a moment to marvel at the funny feeling. A few minutes in, the two people I'd seen in the break room entered -- they introduced themselves as Jamie and Tilly, apologised for their lateness as "Tilly was really doing a number on me," sat down, and got to work. Jamie was almost shockingly handsome -- I was pretty gay but I wasn't so gay that I'd say no if he offered, which I hoped he would -- and Tilly, dressed in a grey University of Newcastle hoodie and flowing floral skirt which stopped at her bare knees, was slim with her pale skin seeming even paler as it contrasted with her fiery hair. I thought I saw her wipe cum from her lips as she logged on -- what a pro.
Mia sat next to me, glued to two laptops and two monitors which I found pretty impressive, while I clicked my way through the training materials and got an occasional warm embrace of serotonin as it dawned on me that maybe I could, after all, do this job. As I sat there with headphones on and listening to a recorded guide on data protection regulations, I found myself regularly glancing over at Mia who seemed to be typing at a million words a minute as she sent and responded to email after email. She was leaning forward over her desk a fair bit and I looked at her pretty bottom and how her jumper rode a little up her back to expose a stripe of pale pink skin. Hoping that Mia wouldn't mind, I reached over and ran my hand along her rear, enjoying the feel of her nearer cheek. There was no reaction and certainly no resistance so, almost absent-mindedly as I kept watching the tutorials, my hand stayed on Mia's butt, squeezing her nearer cheek every now and then. I couldn't get much feeling out of it, given her jeans, but asking her to take them off might have been a step too far and, anyway, I had training to get through. But, to my surprise, with both feet Mia pushed her chair a little closer to me so I didn't need to lean towards her -- still glued to her work, I slipped my hand down the back of her jeans, my fingers stroking the thin fabric of her unseen underwear, gripping and cupping the top of her soft cheek while her jeans' waistband remained tight on my hand.
After a while, my hand sore with Mia's jeans pressing against it, I withdrew and we returned to the business of what we were actually being paid to do -- nonetheless, I tingled uncomfortably between my legs, and the temptation to do something about it was intense. I almost felt proud of myself for resisting it.
Time passed by quicker than I expected. Mia took lunch at one, along with Tilly and Jamie, so I joined them in the little kitchen adjoining the office. There, Jamie made tea for each of us in turn while Tilly and Mia shared their complaints about a customer in Scotland who could simply never be satisfied.
"Jamie never has that problem," sighed Tilly in her Geordie accent.
"Shut up," Jamie muttered as he poured milk into a pig-shaped mug. Tilly just grinned in reply. Mia glanced over at me as I struggled to open my plastic lunch box. I could never figure out the latches.
"You seemed to be enjoying yourself earlier," she sniggered.
"If you wanted me to stop you only had to say," I replied.
"And I didn't say -- so what does that tell you?" I gave her a conceding look.
"What's this?" asked Jamie, looking up from his phone.
"Grace was feeling me up earlier," replied Mia. "Grabbing my bum. So I guess we've made a welcoming environment."
"Lucky," said Jamie with a smirk. "I'd be all over you if I could be." He turned to Grace with a grin. "On my first day, I found her and Freya -- she used to work here, now she's in London or something -- in the break room just going at it. Freya had her over a table, eating her arse out, so I thought I could join in. Turned out I couldn't." He laughed -- Mia shook her head in wonderment. "If I'm a lesbian then I'm a lesbian."
"Yeah, I know, I know -- it's just a shame."
"Cocks never did anything for me, really," said Mia. "It's just how I'm wired."
"So you're telling me..." Jamie's hands went to his jeans as he spoke -- he unbuttoned them and, after pulling them aside, with both thumbs he tugged down the front of his black boxers to pull out his semi-hard cock. I stared and, imagining it inside me, shivered. "...that there's nothing appealing about this to you?"
"Not really," said Mia, looking at it with a deliberately unimpressed expression.
"Well, fair enough," Jamie replied, tucking it back in as we all laughed.
"Hey, nobody told you to put it away," said Tilly, coyly.
"Oh, no?" asked Jamie, eyeing her, pausing the business of re-buttoning his trousers. "Again?"
"We've got forty minutes," she replied, moving to stand in front of him and slipping her hand down his boxers. I saw the movement beneath the fabric of her hand gripping and stroking his manhood.
"Leave some for me," I sniggered, as Jamie quivered at Tilly's every touch, before turning back to Mia. We spent a few minutes sipping tea and discussing our former jobs while, just behind me, Jamie took a seat, Tilly reached up her skirt to pull her knickers aside, and sank onto his erection. Slowly, little whimpers escaping her mouth, Tilly wrapped her arms around Jamie and moved up and down, her grip on him tightening by the second. Her skirt draped like a blanket over their lower portions, hiding their sex from view. After telling me about her time volunteering in Bosnia, Mia glanced at the pair of them.
"They're always doing this," she sighed with a coy shake of the head.
"I've never been somewhere that's this open about it," I replied. "But I guess I've just been at quite uptight places."
"Probably," agreed Mia as Jamie groaned into Tilly's shoulder. "When I was a teaching assistant, obviously there was no way they'd allow it."
"Well, yeah, obviously," I laughed. "Not in a school."
"So, anyway," Mia continued, "when do I get to touch your bum, hmm?"
"Whenever you want," I giggled.
"Turn round, then," she replied, making a spinning motion with her finger, and I obeyed with a grin. Now facing Jamie and Tilly -- the front of Tilly's shirt was now undone and, her black bra pulled up over her freckled chest as she slowly rose up and down, Jamie was kissing between her small pale breasts -- I put my hands on my hips and glanced back round to see Mia step close enough to press against my back before she put both hands on my butt, one for each cheek, and gripped them so hard I squeaked with surprise.
"Sorry," she giggled into my ear, her grip not relenting, "didn't know you were so sensitive."
"I'm not," I protested playfully, as Mia leaned down and kissed my bare collar -- I gasped at the feeling, pleasure dancing down my body, a hand reaching up to run through her hair. Her tongue teased the base of my neck and I tried not to whimper -- but, as Tilly softly wailed herself to a shaking orgasm, I failed. I felt Mia smiling against my skin.
"Do you want more?" she whispered.
"Fucking duh," I hissed -- she laughed and, with a well-practiced motion, removed her hands from my rear and span me round by my hips with such speed it almost left me dizzy. As my feet tried to keep their balance, her lips were already on mine, her hands pulling me against her. We kissed slowly, figuring each other out, then with a growing insistence, tongues toying with each other. My hands moved to Mia's chest, pawing at her petite breasts, feeling the hard fabric of her bra, and she mumbled some affirmation of pleasure against my mouth.
There then came, suddenly, the sound of the door opening -- I pulled my lips away from Mia's to see a man, about forty-five, with round glasses and slick blonde hair, enter. He passed straight by the four of us towards the sink without a glance in our direction.
"Don't mind me," he muttered as he filled a cracked mug with water, before turning back towards the door while Tilly mumbled some complaint about always being interrupted.
"Care to join us, Tom?" asked Mia, still gripping my waist, and he glanced at her. My hands didn't leave her tits.
"Nah, don't have time -- that accounts meeting is on in a sec."
"Oh -- do you need me for it?"
"You'd just be doing minutes -- I'll send you the Teams recording and you can do it in your own time. Anyway; you're on your break."
"Fair enough -- thanks Tom!" He waved some vague goodbye, then turned and left.
"Actually," said Mia, looking back at me, "I'll have you do the minutes later -- I keep forgetting we've got an extra pair of hands."
"Happy to help," I replied, and she smiled.
"Anyway..." Our lips met once more and, this time, our kiss was more intense, more fierce, like we were fighting rather than playing. Hoping to make a point, I pushed Mia, hard enough to approach aggressive but light enough to still be playful, backwards and against the wall. Biting at her bottom lip, she let out a revealing moan, before I pulled away from her and bit at her neck instead. She squealed in a manner not befitting of a superior and clasped a hand to her mouth and another to the back of my head to ensure I'd keep going, as my own hands left her breasts and moved to her jeans, shakily unbuttoning them.
"You gonna eat my pussy?" she mumbled, gripping my hair painfully -- in a good way.
"You gonna stop me?" I got no answer as I pulled the buttons apart and sank to my knees, both Mia's hands now playing with my hair, before yanking her jeans down milky legs to her knees. Mia wore pale lavender briefs which clung tightly to her skin.
"I swear I normally wear sexier knickers," she giggled, "I wasn't expecting to need to dress to impress."
"Don't worry about it," I replied, looking up at her. "You can do that next time."
Mia pressed her knees together to let me pull down her underwear by the waistband, which turned inside out as it came to collect at her jeans around her knees, to expose her pretty pink girlhood, her lips plump and wet and decorated by shaven ginger hair. "So pretty," I muttered, hands now stroking up the outside of her bare thighs.
"Thank you," Mia mumbled, as I pressed my face insistently between her legs, hands moving to squeeze her soft and newly bared rear, my tongue toying with her wet cunt, inviting shudders and whines of delight as I teased her clit. She tasted of honey and nectar. I wondered if she expected me to deny her the orgasm she wanted -- but a good impression was called for on my first day so, of course, I let her cum as she pressed her pussy against my mouth and shuddered in delight, both hands against her mouth to suppress at least some of her moans. I pulled away and looked up at her -- she stared down at me, her face pink.
"You getting a lot of chin from down there?" she joked, her voice shaky.
"And you're getting a lot of forehead."
"More like a lot of head!" shouted Jamie, from over Tilly's shoulder. "Get it? Cause..."
"They get it, Jamie," muttered Tilly, putting her hand over his mouth to shut him up as she kept riding him. Glancing over, more than a little curious I reached for the hem of Tilly's skirt and lifted it up over her ass -- both Mia and I watched as her pale plump ass, barely covered by a black thong even when it wasn't pulled aside, moved up and down with Jamie's slick cock invading her pretty pink wetness.
"Enjoying the show?" asked Mia. I turned back to her, letting Tilly's skirt go, and replied by putting my mouth back where it belonged and between her legs. "Fuck!" Mia whined, grabbing my head and holding me there, refusing to let me do anything other than drill her clit with my tongue. It must have taken no more than a few seconds for her to climax again -- Mia stood there, head thrown back, breathing heavily and fingers stroking my hair.
"You sound so good when you cum," I heard Tilly mumble between pleasant little squeaks.
"Thanks," said Jamie.
"Not you."
"Oh."
Slowly, I got to my feet, my lips and chin wet with my manager's sweetness, and kissed her again. Hungrily, she returned it, as I felt her hands almost desperately grabbing at my dress. I let her pull it up to my hips, feeling a little shy at the exposure but not enough to tell her to stop, before Mia turned me to face the counter. Hobbling, given her jeans and panties were still around her knees, she moved to stand behind me and, with two hands, pushed me by my shoulders to bend over them. Gladly, just as I heard Jamie loudly climax and Tilly with him, I obeyed.
"Mia," I heard Jamie mumble, "has anyone told you how nice your ass is?"
"Once or twice," Mia muttered, taking off her glasses and dropping them on the counter, as I felt her warm fingers slip beneath the netting of my tights and peel them down my ass and to my ankles. I wiggled my butt at her as she did. "Nothing but a little tease, aren't you?"
"Perhaps," I replied -- her response was to smack my ass and I squealed so loudly they must have heard me on the other side of Telford. Watching over my shoulder, I saw Tilly slowly climb off Jamie's lap, leaving his flaccid cock all alone in a way that reminded me of a worm coming up for air (do you want me to be honest or not?). Stumbling a little, she came over, bent down to meet my face, and at once put her lips to mine. She was eager and insistent with her tongue and I happily replied as Mia, now on her knees, slipped her fingers up the leg-holes of my underwear (nothing special -- just plain white briefs with a little lace on the waistband) and pulled them down to my knees.
"Fuck..." Mia mumbled. "You're so hot." With Tilly keeping me as busy as she was, I couldn't reply -- just murmur in approval at the feeling of Mia's hands on my bared bottom and then almost scream in delight as I felt her spread it before her slick tongue toyed with my pussy. I pressed myself against her, Mia's hands on my ass as she ate me, while Tilly explored my mouth and pulled at my hair. It didn't take long to cum, a second orgasm following on a few seconds later, and I had to pull away from Tilly's mouth so I could whine desperately against the wood of the counter. Tilly's nails trailed my bare thigh, which erupted in goosebumps, as Mia just kept hungrily eating me. I looked back at Jamie -- he had got himself decent and, now, was sat scrolling through his phone. I felt a little insulted that he wasn't enjoying the show -- but, nonetheless, proud of myself for taking all this in my stride. It wasn't my first time being fucked in a break room by two colleagues -- obviously, I wasn't a complete prude -- but this was rapidly turning into the best time.
After my fourth or fifth orgasm, by which time Tilly had pulled up her jumper and was having me suckle on her bared white tits, my knees were shaking so much that I knew I needed a breather. "Okay, okay," I gasped, and Mia immediately pulled away. Tilly did the same.
"You alright?" she asked.
"Yeah, I just need a break."
"We're on break," sniggered Tilly.
"I know," I said, glaring at her. Jamie stood up.
"I've gotta go now, anyway," he announced. "Need to run to a shop and get some Red Bull. Tilly drains me every time."
"Not my fault you go mad for my pussy," Tilly retorted.
"Yes it is," he said, as he left. I stood up straight, still shaking and my skin slick with sweat, and navigated my underwear back up my legs.
"Aw, that's a shame," said Mia with a smile. Tilly held out a hand for her -- Mia took it and, helped to her feet, pulled her own panties back up. After straightening the waistband with her fingers, her jeans followed.
"Sorry," I said, "I admit it -- I'm really sensitive and I don't wanna be screaming the building down on my first day." I stepped, tentatively, out of my tights and gathered them up in my hands.
"That's fair," said Mia, watching me do so.
"I'm too sweaty for them right now," I said. Tilly took my dress and pulled it back down to its natural position.
"Shame we had to stop, though," said Mia. "But there's always the break tomorrow. And the day after that."
"And the Friday orgies," added Tilly, checking her face in her phone's camera as she fixed her makeup.
"That too."
"Was I okay?" I asked. Mia looked at me like I was stupid.
"What kind of question is that? You were great."
"You sure?"
"Fucking duh." She winked at me. "And you've got such a pretty bum, honestly."
"Really?" I asked, my hands instinctively reaching behind myself to grab it. My cheeks still hurt a bit from her grip. "I don't usually let people see my butthole. It's a bit much for me, usually."
"I hate that word," muttered Tilly. "Butthole. Makes me gag."
"Sorry -- my monster's lair." Both cackled.
"I should probs change my knickers, actually," muttered Tilly.
"Same," replied Mia. "You don't wanna be itchy all day. And make sure you pee -- I don't want you getting a UTI at work."
"I know, I know," sighed Tilly, grabbing her mug of tea. "Forgot about this -- and it's cold. Perfect. Just what I need."
"That's the price you pay when you take Jamie's dick," said Mia.
"It's such a beautiful dick."
"It's true," I said, looking at Mia. "I don't know if Tilly's one for sharing, but..."
"Have at it," she said, shrugging. "I'm polyamorous, like most people. So's he. I'm not bothered."
"Thanks, babe," I said, winking, and she looked at me coyly.
"What were you doing looking at me getting fucked earlier, by the way?" she laughed. "That curious to see me in all my glory?"
"Can't blame me," I replied.
"Guess I can't. Anyway, guys, see you in the office -- I should go get some printing done while I've got a chance." At that, after kissing the both of us, Tilly left, leaving just Mia and I.
"Well," said Mia, crossing her arms, "I guess that's as good an intro to the workplace culture as you're ever gonna get."
"It can't always be like that, though, right?"
"Nah -- we don't usually shag on breaks. But there's a new girl to try out, so... things are different for a bit. Hey, tell you what..."
"What?" I felt nervous at the way she was looking at me.
"Remember that man who came in earlier? Who had that meeting?"
"Yeah...?"
"Dare you to suck him off while he's giving his presentation."
"What?" I laughed -- yet already I knew I'd do it.
"If you're too lame to do it..."
"Oh, fuck you," I muttered, playfully punching Mia's shoulder. She laughed.
"I'll sweeten it -- let's both go do it together. Just crawl under his desk and see if anyone on the call can tell."
"Alright," I said, smiling and glancing at the clock above the door. "We've got twenty minutes. If you take his load, you owe me a Coke."
"Fine by me," Mia laughed.