Preamble:
I strongly suggest you read the first two chapters first, but here is a summary.
My name is Mike and I work at a University in Amsterdam. I'm completely infatuated with a young woman named Emma who works at the University sports center as a fitness trainer and weight room manager. I'm American, average height with a muscular build, brown hair and brown eyes. Emma is Dutch, but speaks perfect English, and does not look like a typical Dutch woman. Rather than being tall, blonde and pale, Emma is about a half a head shorter than me, has brown hair with blonde highlights, and a tan, olive complexion. Her eyes are very light blue-green. They're gorgeous.
Both Emma and I are very fit. Emma is slim and toned, with perky breasts that are probably about a B-cup (Emma once told me she thinks it's lame when women wear bras that pad their breasts: she's content with hers exactly as they are). And Emma's ass is sensational. I've been with a lot of women, and I have never loved an ass as much as I love Emma's ass.
Emma has a boyfriend, and I'm married with three young children. My wife's name is Christie.
Emma and I were acquaintances/friends for a long time before, very suddenly, our relationship exploded into an intense and explicit flirtation. I wrote out a fantasy that I had about her, and sent it to her as a gift. She loved it, which started me falling in love with her.
At the end of chapter 1 we were both alone at our homes (Christie was out with friends, and my kids were in bed) and we were chatting over email. In return for a sexy picture, Emma convinced me to let her watch me masturbate over the webcam while staying hidden herself. When I was getting close to orgasm, she sent a second photo, naked, close-up between her legs. It made me cum immediately. She came watching me, but then when we were through she said the second picture wasn't of her, and cut off contact, feeling too guilty about what we were doing.
In the second chapter, Emma and I caved in to our lust again and had another encounter. She teasingly told me that she had masturbated about me in the bathroom after I left the gym one day, and then, in return for a look at her lingerie, she convinced me to go into the same bathroom and jerk myself off thinking about her. She told me to keep a little bit of cum on my fingers so that I could prove to her that I had really done it. When I finished and came out of the stall, she was there in the bathroom, and she sucked my fingers into her mouth, tasting my orgasm. Then she quickly stuffed her wet panties into my shorts, and pushed me out of the bathroom.
Two excerpts from the final moments of Chapter 2:
I was hard. My fingers weren't entirely clean. I had a pair of wet panties stuck down the front of my shorts, and suddenly I was standing out in the open in the middle of the gym with a shocked, horny look on my face.
I pulled my towel off my shoulders and held it in front of my dick. As always seemed to be the case now, I left the gym hiding my arousal, but unable to hide from my arousal. I was smitten. I was spellbound. I was powerless. Emma was everything to me now.
*****
Chapter 3
Our first real kiss was cataclysmic.
I can't actually connect it to a specific place in time between the events I've already described. The emotions associated with that moment are like massive gravity, a singularity that warps space and time.
I was leaving the gym, and Emma came around from behind her desk and said she would walk me out on her way to the equipment room. She had a small cart of equipment she was pulling behind her, and I don't think I fully realized what was about to happen. And then we were alone in the hallway and she was leaning her back against the door of the equipment room, facing me, with one hand on the handle, keys in her other hand.
She was just looking at me.
And I realized I could kiss her.
My heart was beating so loud in my ears I wouldn't have been able to hear her if she had said anything, but she didn't.
I swallowed slowly, and spoke.
"One kiss. Just one kiss."
I was scared, nervous, hot and hard.
She just kept looking at me, and turned to unlock the door. I said it again.
"Just one kiss. That's all."
I didn't really know if I was asking for that kiss, or asking for that kiss to be all that happened. I knew that I didn't want us to try and live out the bathroom scene I had written for her. I didn't want anything that happened between us in real life to feel scripted.
And then the door was open and she was backing into the room, and the hallway was still empty, and I felt faint and powerless as I stepped into the room with her, begging for just the one kiss.
And the air turned thick as honey as I reached for her, and she turned her lips to me and I kissed her and it was perfect. Wet, and passionate, hard and sensual. Our mouths opened, our hands explored one another, our tongues touched. And all this feeling welled up inside me and we both, very suddenly, broke the kiss, gasping. And then she pushed on me, speaking breathlessly but trying to sound forceful.
"Now get out of here."
And I left.
And I felt that I must have been pale as I walked to the men's change room. Thankfully the room was empty and I sat down on the bench, collapsing forward to put my face in my hands.
I don't think I've ever felt such a potent mix of emotions before, and I couldn't tell you what was hitting me hardest. There was the desire and arousal from what we had just done. There was so much guilt, because that was really the first no-gray-area, completely-unambiguous,physicalinstance of me cheating on Christie, and I really never thought I would ever do that.
There was fear, coming from two sources.
And the fear of getting caught was not nearly as strong as the fear of not being able to resist doing more with Emma.
***
Eventually, troubled as I was, I told one of my friends about Emma. I didn't give him all the details, but I did say that we had kissed, and that I wanted more, but was hoping I had the strength not to let it go any further. He's a really great guy, my friend, and full of virtue. He didn't think that I was behaving very well, but he tried not to judge me, only to steer me back to the good side of the line.
He was pretty firm when he said that he would definitely never, ever cheat.
I've said that before. And believed it.
Now, I'm pretty sure that it's bullshit. There are no definites, no absolutes when it comes to love and sex. There's a circumstance for everyone. There is an undeniable moment for everyone. Everyone has a threshold for a reward that is too great to turn down. The best you can do is to set your threshold high.
My friend was in a relatable situation, because he was dating one girl, but had strong feelings for another one of our friends, a girl named Eve. I asked my friend if he would cheat if Eve tried to seduce him. He hesitated, but said no. I asked him what if it were Eve and Eve's hottest friend and they wanted to have a threesome with him, no strings attached and everyone would swear to secrecy.
No, he wouldn't. (Bullshit).
I asked him, what if it were Eve, and THREE of her hottest friends, and he hadn't had sex in a month, and they were all 2000 miles from home.
No. (Does anyone out there believe him?)
I asked him if the answer would still be no if the girls offered to pay him 3 million dollars for the pleasure.
"Well, now we're just getting ridiculous," he said.
Yeah, that's when it got ridiculous...
Maybe he couldn't admit it, or maybe I am incapable of believing that any person could beinfalliblycommitted to one person. But my point is clear, even if I might be wrong: Everyone has their breaking point, even if it's ridiculously high.
Emma was my breaking point. The chemistry was just that strong.
And so I had kissed her.
And I had shared erotic writing with her. And I had masturbated for her.
And that incredibly erotic encounter that we had; that intimate exhibitionism... When she brought my fingers to her lips it made it seem inevitable that one day we would end up naked in a hotel room together.
But actually, we never would.
***
Thoughts about that morning in the bathroom interrupted my work over and over the rest of the day. I would ask myself, in disbelief, did that really happen? I was so hooked. I couldn't do anything except think of Emma.
I wasn't going to see her again for four days: The weekend, the Monday that she didn't work, and then the Tuesday when I would normally see her was not going to happen because I had meetings most of the day, starting early. I would be busy until midafternoon, but by then it would be too late to see Emma at the gym, because her shift finished midafternoon.
Could I see her after her shift?
I didn't know how to approach it. I just... wanted to see her sooner rather than later. But even that scared me. I realized that I wanted to date her.
I wanted to date her!
I wanted to bring her flowers. I wanted to cook her dinner. I wanted to see her home, look at her pictures, have her explain her mementos and memories to me. What had begun as just wanting to be locked in a luxurious hotel room with her for seven days and seven nights had become wanting to be her boyfriend. No... Wanting to go through the process of becoming her boyfriend, from start to finish, relishing every moment along the way.
My torment took on a new dimension; the physical, frustrated lust was joined with even more emotional turmoil, bouncing wildly between joy and distress. We had something so amazingly wonderful and exciting and invigorating. But we couldn't have it. We couldn't keep it. I couldn't date her. I couldn't date her.
I couldn't date her.
... But couldn't I, at least, just hang out with her a little more?
A little fooling around at the gym was one thing, but seeing her outside of the gym seemed like a much larger violation than anything we had done so far, even though she had sucked my fingers into her mouth that morning. Even though she had briefly squeezed her wet panties around my cock just a few hours earlier... It didn't make sense, but it did. Because seeing her outside of the gym was moving forward. It was developing the relationship. I couldn't have this relationship.
I couldn't have it, and I couldn't accept that I couldn't have it.
... Just a walk. Nowhere private, just a walk. I could just walk her from work to the train, and nothing too sexy could happen because it would all be very public, but at least I could see her. At least I could see her,sooner. And I could see her in her street clothes - I could know how she liked to dress. I could know that basic thing about her that I didn't already know because I only ever saw her in her uniform.
I managed to beat myself in the internal debate. The eternal debate.
I e-mailed her.
Hi Emma,
I have to work Tuesday morning and most of the day, so I'm not going to see you again until Wednesday. But I was thinking I could probably find 30 minutes for a break around the same time that you finish work on Tuesday, and I'd like to come meet you and walk you to the station. It would be nice to be able to talk for a while without the whole gym watching us. Do you want to?
xx Mike
I was dreading radio silence. I knew it was likely, but maybe not - she had taken things so far that morning, would she really back off now?
20 minutes, and nothing.
An hour passed.
Three hours and her shift was ending in ten minutes. This was agony - I knew I might be checking my e-mail every 20 minutes for the next four days. But she wasn't quite that cruel, it turned out, just indecisive.
Hi Mike,
I don't know. I want to, but then I don't want to. I don't know what happened today. I'm not sure what I should do. Let me think about it. I will e-mail you on Tuesday before the end of my shift and let you know, ok?
X Emma
At least there was a capital X.
It hurt that she could wait. It hurt that she was indecisive about waiting until Wednesday, and it hurt that she didn't write back to ask me to come pick her up that very day. Was our attraction really that unbalanced? I was risking a happy marriage to spend time with her, and she wasn't quite sure if she wanted to see me.
But I knew she was hot for me. The difference wasn't in the chemistry, it was in the morality. She couldn't feel like a good person and do this at the same time, whereas I could. Maybe I was just better at fooling myself.
*****
Tuesday came and I got nothing big done at work. I'd do something small, then check my e-mail. Do another, check my e-mail. Watch my email for 20 minutes, then go to lunch. Come back and check, my e-mail. Wait and then check it again. Wait.
I'm not a patient man. but when she e-mailed, it was all worth it.
Hi Mike,
Ok, I'm leaving in 20 minutes, come and meet me and you can walk me to the station. My train leaves in an hour.
Emma
No kiss, but that didn't bother me.
It's a 10 minute walk from my office to the gym.
I got there 10 minutes early.
I waited on a bench just down the road from the gym, not wanting to be too obviously waiting for her to any familiar people that might go by. When she rounded the corner and gave me her best smile, I almost passed out.
She looked so fucking amazingly great, it stopped my heart.
She had on this gorgeous royal blue dress that made her eyes flash. The material was high-quality, tight but not overly form-fitting (if that could exist), with straps thick enough to hide her bra, and a hemline about midway down her thighs, billowing out slightly with her movement, but too heavy to rise all the way in a breeze. It was sexy and beautiful, but just a little conservative. It didn't say "fuck me." Or, it did, but it didn't say "fuck me" first. It said " admire me, love me, and if I decide to let you, fuck me like a champion."
I realized that she was dressed to kill. She had only e-mailed me twenty minutes ago, but she had known that morning when she had packed her work bag that she was going to meet up with me.
We hugged, but no kiss.
I don't know if I can really explain why there was no kiss. I was absolutely in love with her, and I knew that she was quite infatuated with me (she's not the kind who calls it love so easily). We had touched so intimately. She had taken my fingers in her mouth, she had tastedme, but now tasting my lips was a step too far.
And yet, it didn't seem so crazy at the time. We were still trying NOT to do anything. It was not so illogical that after failing once or twice we might still try to keep ourselves from failing again. And besides that, the little bit of will to resist it made it all the more fun and exciting.
We walked and talked. I wanted to hold her hand but I didn't. I wanted to stop her and take that kiss, but I didn't. And I wasn't dying, because at that same time as I wanted to get physical, I was just enjoying her company.
We stopped in a sunny park and sat down on the grass. I could see so much of her legs. The talk got flirty and very sexual, because nobody could hear us but our public location would keep us behaving, at least to some degree. We had questions about each other, about each other's sexual experiences and our sexual tastes. Flirty questions. Flirty stories.
There was one question that she started to ask but then changed her mind - embarrassment or guilt, I'm not sure which was the reason. We were talking about our respective erotic fiction, the sex stories we were writing about each other. She wanted to know some details that would help her write my climax. But she stopped herself, blushing slightly.
Earlier, she had told me about her threesome experience (girl, girl, guy) with quite a bit of enthusiasm, but suddenly now, she got shy. I really, really wanted to know what question she felt she couldn't ask. I wouldn't leave the issue alone until finally she gave in.
"Imagine we were having sex and you were about to orgasm, and I said to cum on me anywhere: wherever you wanted. Where would you want to cum?"
Oh fuck! I pictured my cum on her everywhere. She waited for me to answer.
We looked at each other. Her look was so direct, despite being embarrassed to ask just moments before. I touched her high on her cheek, lightly and then moved to let the backs of my fingers brush across her lips. She stayed almost perfectly still, breathing lightly, but quickly. She had a small, shy, excited smile on her face and she let her lips part but didn't kiss my fingers as they passed, she just let the slight friction pull her lower lip downward a bit - sexy as hell - as I traced a path low to the other side of her mouth.
I ran my fingers down her neck, watching the goosebumps form, leaving a hot, white line of lust in both our imaginations.
I drew my fingertips down from her neck towards her cleavage, until it was too ticklish and close so that she giggled and winced and I pulled my hand away.
I looked down at her legs. Her incredible, soft, tanned, firm, exposed legs. The way she was sitting with her legs stretched out in front of her, leaning back on her hands, the hem of her skirt barely covered her panties. I touched her calf, a tickled her upward to the outside of her knee.
"If I could cum on you anywhere I would cum inside you. And I'd cum in your mouth. And I'd cum on your lips, and on your whole, beautiful, sexy face. I'd want to cum on your breasts, and on your belly. And I would want to see my cum on your legs, your thighs, and higher"
I brought my finger lightly upward from her knee to the middle of her thigh and paused. Emma's mouth was open and her eyes were slightly out of focus as she looked at me. She spoke and her voice broke a little.
"You could go a little higher."
I let all four fingertips touch her now, painting a splash up high on her inner thigh, where it might land if it dripped from her lower lip, or from her nipple.
And then I drew another line, going higher still.
And she sat up forward to take her weight off her arms, and her hands came to her legs and I thought she was stopping me, but instead she gave me a teasing smile and raised her skirt just enough so I could see a triangle of lacy, panties - turquoise, again, she knew how great that color looked on her. I could see the line of her shaved slit through the mesh in the lace.
I let my hand go all the way up, letting my whole hand grip her inner thigh for the first time as I as I squeezed and massaged with the side of my hand firmly against her pussy. I pressed into the dampness for a moment before she finally stopped me, grabbing my wrist with one hand, holding it still.
"Ok, that's enough, stop now."
She was trembling.
"I would cum all over your pussy. All over your panties as you wore them. All over your gorgeous dress."
She made a tsking sound, and firmly pulled my wrist into her, pressing her covered clit against my hand for one more second, and then moving my wrist back downward and fixing the position of her skirt.
"You are such a dirty, naughty, twisted man," she said, her voice still shaking but a lusty smile on her face. "It makes me so hot..."
I was so hard. I moved my hand back downward, still reveling in the feel of her thigh in my hand; imagining her willingly - wanting to be - covered in my sex. The vision we had created lighted up my mind like a meteor shower. She looked at me and I leaned in to kiss her but she turned at the last second, showing a flash of guilt, a flash of her own torment. I kissed her bare neck and she moaned.
"We should go now. I'm going to miss my train."
I wanted release right there so badly. I wanted her to reach into my pants and rub me off, feel me burst in her fingers. I wanted her to unzip my fly, pull me out and go down on me right there in that public field, or to lie back and let me rip off those panties and plunge into her.
A man laughed from the back of one of the buildings that bordered the park and I looked over to see three guys smoking together, far away, but close enough to glance our way as they talked. It was a reminder that I should feel more strongly about not wanting to be seen. It occurred to me that Christie's friend works at a building on the same street.
Suddenly self-conscious, we stood up and gathered her things. I couldn't stand up straight at first and she giggled about my hard-on. I rearranged things a bit, and we set off to the station. We were both kind of quiet the rest of the way there. Both so horny and distracted, both wondering, what was next, between us?
At the station, there was a pause and a hard, longing look into each other's eyes, but no kiss good-bye. I watched her walk away in that dress. Even now, I wish I could see her in that dress again.
I closed my eyes. I turned, and then turned again to watch her disappear in the crowd around the train station. I took a step away, then stopped. I shook my head.
I missed her already.
I was still so hot and pent up from our flirting in the park. My whole midsection hurt, throbbing, making me want to double over in the pain of frustrated, frustrated, frustrated lust.
Emma's train from Amsterdam to her home was about an hour and half, I knew.
That hour and a half was more time that I could spend with her.
I started walking toward the station.
***
I was worried that Emma might send me away if she saw me at the station. I bought my ticket and went to the track cautiously, slowly, watching for her and trying to blend into the crowd. It wasn't hard to spot her in that dress. She shined for me as though the material were iridescent.
There were hardly any people on the platform where her train came in, so I stayed well back and watched from down the stairs to see what car she entered. Once she was on, I approached quickly to enter the same car as she did, but at the opposite end. I carefully looked through the window in the door that leads to the seats, to see where she sat down. She was standing at the opposite end, looking at her options. Mid-afternoon her train is mostly empty: there were about five occupied places and the rest were free. She turned and left the car.
Had she seen me? No. there was just something she didn't like about the car.
Was she looking for privacy? My breath caught in my throat and my heart started beating really fast as I thought about what that could mean. I pushed through the door, entering the car and following her to the next, quietly.
When I got to the next car, I couldn't see her. Peering in the window, I could see a three guys sitting together talking loudly at the end closest to me, and no other seats seemed to be taken...
Except for a wisp of hair appearing over a window-side seat back, facing away from me at the other end of the car.
Trying not to look like I was stalking anybody, I very quietly walked into the car and down the aisle, past the three loud guys, and sat down silently in a seat four rows behind her. The train hadn't started moving yet. I saw her hair move upwards and at the last second realized she was rising up to look back down the aisle of the train. She was checking her privacy. I ducked down so she wouldn't see me.
The train started moving and I waited a few minutes to give her time to thoroughly scan all the seats, determining mine was empty as I stayed low and hidden. Finally, I rose up to look over the seat backs again. The three guys at the other end of the car were laughing boisterously, but even over that noise I could hear her heavy breathing, and a low sigh.
I couldn't believe it! My cock jumped to full erection, painfully straining against my shorts. She was really doing it! She was masturbating on a public train! She wasn't even alone! She knew she wasn't alone, that there were three dudes just 10 meters away (as well as me, just three meters away, but she didn't know that part).
Was she just that fearless, that much of a thrill-seeker that the possibility of getting caught didn't dissuade her? Or was the aroused state I left her in just too much to ignore, forcing her to touch herself in such a risky situation because she was too overcome to care?
I squeezed my cock through my shorts. Could I do it too? Would she stop if she knew I was there?
I didn't want to scare or startle her. I wanted to keep her in that mood. I heard her gasp faintly, her breath coming in pants.
I shifted in my seat with exaggerated movements to make some noise, and added a fake yawn to try and sound harmless. Then I stood up and loudly started moving to the front of the train, towards her seat, as though I was heading to the bathroom. She didn't turn around to see who it was; probably too focused on hiding her activity and make herself presentable.
I had given her just enough warning. When I got to her seat, she was looking out the window rigidly. Her legs were crossed tightly, her dress pulled as low over her thighs as she could get it, and her scarf (the Dutch wear scarves even in the summertime) was trailing across her legs between her clenched fists, covering even more. She would be hoping this anonymous passerby would either leave the car, or settle somewhere far enough away that she could get back to what she was doing. Every aspect of her body language said "go away". I knew that would change when she realized it was me.
I sat down and she stiffened even further, refusing at first to turn and look at this stranger, and then angrily turning to get up and find another seat. And that's when she saw it was me.
"Mike!"
She was stunned, and confused for a second, unable to say anything more, still partly raised from her seat as though to leave. That gave me a little room behind her back to move my left arm around her and pull her toward me. My other hand went to her leg, sliding from her knee right up her leg under her skirt to grip her ass. Her lips opened. I raised my left hand up her back to her neck, until my fingers entered her hair, and pulled her face to mine, kissing her with all the hunger that had been built up that afternoon and all the days and months before.
She kissed me back. Her lips were soft and moist and her tongue came out immediately to touch mine. Her one hand was still on the seat where she had been pushing herself up, but her other came to my face, feeling my unshaven jaw, tensing her fingers as though she could pull my face deeper into hers.
She broke the kiss and looked into my eyes with happy disbelief. I thought she would say something like "you're crazy," or "I can't believe you're here." I think she thought she would say something too, but all her arousal had rushed back to the surface since the initial shock of me sitting down had scared it out of her, and she just dove back into me, sucking my lips into her mouth, and throwing her leg over my lap to straddle me.
Now she had both hands on my face, kissing me so passionately. My one hand was on her hip and the other was on her ass under her skirt, cupping the lower swell. Her hands went to my shoulders and back, kneading, massaging, feeling me. I broke the kiss and went to her neck, licking and sucking as I moved lower, and bringing one hand in front of her to pull the straps of her dress and bra down off her shoulder. Her nipple came into view and I suck it into my mouth.
Emma moaned and grabbed my hair tilting my head back to look up at her. The lust on her face was the most open expression I had ever seen from her. And then suddenly she stiffened, ducked her head, and the barest hint of noise escaped her lips.
"Shhhhh."
I stayed still, looking at her, breathing deep, my cock swollen to bursting in my pants, her exposed breast pressing against the palm of one hand and her incredible ass cupped in the other. She rose slightly again and looked over the seat backs toward the other end of the train and then bent her head down, burying her face in my neck. The three guys back there had stopped talking. She silently rolled off of me to her own seat, straightening her dress, covering her breast. She was blushing, but I could see that her lips were still shiny and I was dying to taste them again.
"They saw me", she whispered.
Straddling my lap, she had been raised high enough above the seats to be visibly in that position to the guys at the back of the car.
A heartbeat went by. Then another. We looked at each other, unsure what to do, what would happen.
One of the guys said something, and another responded. There was more laughter, and their conversation began again. I don't know what they were saying, but Emma was satisfied that they were not interested in us, and she visibly relaxed, shaking her head.
"You make me so crazy."
I kissed her again. She took my bottom lip into her mouth and bit it gently, then opened her mouth again and swirled her tongue around mine. But then broke it off again, suddenly, exasperated with me, or with herself.
"What are you doing here? We can't do this here!"
She seemed vulnerable and powerful all at once, ecstatic and horrified that I was on that train with her, that I could not keep away. Her tone was reproachful, but she had kissed me, and I wasn't backing off now.
I ignored her first question, and whispered.
"If you can do what you were just doing right here, then we can do a lot right here."
The red in her cheeks got even deeper, but she said nothing. I went on.
"I know you were masturbating. Tell me what you were imagining."
I put my hand on my cock through my pants, enhancing the outline of my erection. She stared for longer than she wanted to, and then answered with as much of a resistant tone as she could muster.
"I wasn't imagining your cum all over me, if that's what you're hoping. That's your perverted fantasy, not mine."
I knew it wasn't hers. I wanted to know hers, to be hers.
"So then what?"
"I was imagining you taking me, there in the park. Putting your hands on me, pushing me down and pulling my panties down roughly - desperately. I was imagining the feeling of you... of your... pressing against me..."
She stopped, refusing to go on, or unable to. But I was unable to stop. My whisper was hoarse with animal arousal, a growl, a threat.
"Show me. Let me see you touch yourself. You've seen me, I want to see you. We can see each other."
I put my hand on the zipper of my shorts, slowly drawing it downward. My cock pressed out into the extra room this created still contained within my boxer briefs.
She didn't say anything, but she watched me, and then she looked past me to the aisle, listening for a second to the obnoxious young men at the other end of the train. Then she moved her hands to the hem of her dress.
The decision to do it, having now been made, freed her from uncertainty, and the exhibitionist in her came out to play. She pulled the hem of her skirt up so slowly. When the barest hint of a triangle of panties appeared, she stopped, and moved one hand to cover the triangle and to rub up and down a bit.
Her voice was confident.
"Take it out then."
I unbuckled my belt and undid the button on my pants, then reached into my boxer briefs to pull out my dick. I pushed my shorts and boxers down a bit to let my cock stand unencumbered. I slowly stroked it, lightly, up and down the full length as she watched me, and I stared at her exposed thighs and her hand moving over her crotch.
She raised her dress up a little more, exposing the upper edge of her panties, and then lowered her hand inside, rubbing her clit lovingly, slowly, but building up speed very quickly. I was transfixed. A gasping moan escaped her lips again. She had already been so close when I interrupted her it seemed like she was about to climax.
And then suddenly she slowed right down, delaying it. She gritted her teeth with the effort, she pulled her hand out of her panties and reached over with silky wet fingers to grip my bare cock and squeeze it. Her other hand moved to her hip, one finger going under the thin lacy waistband, pulling it downward to show a tan line, teasingly running her finger back and forth to move the fabric down and up, and slightly away from her body exposing skin in all the sexiest places.
She gripped the head of my cock and rubbed slippery fingers along the underside, in slow, soft circles. It was so sensuous, so potent, I lost control and groaned loudly.
She cast a quick, nervous look from my cock to my face, eyebrows raised in both mirth and concern as she listened to make sure we hadn't attracted attention.
Silence from the other end of the train. We waited, holding our breath.
And then a low, quiet voice, and a response. Emma leaned into me, close to my ear, raising a shiver from me as her whisper tickled my neck.
"If you can't control yourself, I'm not going to play with you."
She was really enjoying herself, now, having more fun with the situation. Her own arousal was already so close to the edge, but in that mood, it was so much fun to focus on driving me crazy. She bit my ear and then turned her head to look downward.
Emma's hand had never left my cock, and she started stroking it, bending down into my lap to look at it closely, to kiss the end, giggling when it twitched. She didn't take me into her mouth. Instead she brought her other hand into the action, so that as she stroked with one hand, the other reached into my fly to gently play with my testicles. All the while she was just admiring it, memorizing this cock she had tried to imagine so many times before.
She kissed the wispy line of hair on my lower belly, and then murmured up at me.
"Do you want me to suck you off?"
That is such a coy question, coming from anyone. But coming from Emma, that day, it killed me.
"Oh God, please, please, yes."
She sat up straight again, playing, teasing. Her hands came to the hem of her dress again and she pulled it up, and put one hand into her panties again. Not playing so much, this time, more showing off.
"What will you do for me?"
"Oh God, I'll do anything! I'll do anything for you, Emma. I want to go down on you right here and lick and suck and fuck you until you have the most intense orgasm of your life! Oh God, Emma, please do it. Take me in your mouth."
I said it too loud again. Emma looked around, mouth open in look of mischievous joy. Out the window, a train went by going the other way. In the flash of faces, I wondered if anyone saw my cock out.
"How can I know you won't get too noisy?"
She had me so hooked.
"I'll cut out my tongue."
She laughed at my joke.
"But I really like your tongue."
Her hands felt incredible on my dick. She kissed my lips again, and we twirled our tongues around each other some more. I loved her tongue.
And then the train started slowing down, and Emma looked out the window. We were coming up to a station - not Emma's, just one of the many stops the train would make. Emma laughed wickedly.
"Oh no, I guess I can't do it! More people could be coming on now..."
I was in agony.
"We could find another car."
She kept playing
"But I'm so comfortable here..."
She was such a tease, but I knew she was as desperate to get somewhere with me that day as I was. I didn't put my cock away, risking the indecency. I held my dick and leaned in close to Emma as she watched my hand move slowly up and down the shaft. I kissed her neck lightly and started whispering lusty prayers into her ear.
"I want to feel you so badly. I'm so hard for you. I'm dying to make you cum. I want to explode inside you. I want to fuck you forever."
I reached over to her, turning in my seat to squeeze my hand behind her back and hug her toward me. My other hand went to her far leg, and she raised her knee, turning as well so that I could grip her thigh. Her hand came to my dick again. We pulled at each other The urge was overpowering to both of us now. We needed to be closer.
Nobody got onto our car. As we pulled away from the station, the guys at the other end of the car broke into another large round of laughter and their conversation got even louder and more enthusiastic. This seemed to embolden Emma, and she threw her leg over me, this time keeping her head low and hidden as she straddled me and kissed me hard on the lips.
I could feel hot, drenched lace against my bare cock. She started rubbing herself back and forth on me, I squeezed her ass and raised my other hand to grab the straps of her dress and bra, pulling them down again to expose one breast. With the straps still entwined in my fingers I pinched her rock hard nipple lightly between my thumb and index finger, twisting slightly. She broke the kiss again to groan, and I took the chance to kiss the top of her breast, and then playfully licked her exposed nipple, then kissed it, then licked it again, and then sucked it hard into my mouth, moving my tongue in circles around it.
I wanted to get to her pussy, and I knew she wanted me to as well. I let the hand on her ass move forward on her, trying to get further underneath. She was enjoying the feeling of grinding against my exposed cock, but she rose up on her knees to let my hand move under her toward her center. I let my fingertips stay under the edge of her panties following the line until I reached her wet, warm, silky, soft opening, and my fingers sunk inside.
She was so tight it shocked me, and I almost came in my pants just recognizing what that, hot, gushing slit might feel like squeezing my dick so tightly. I pushed in two fingers, massaging the outer lips from the inside because the angle wasn't right to get them deep.
We could fuck like this, I knew. I knew I could pull her panties to the side right there and let her rub that satiny slick pussy back and forth on me a few times, and then just let it slip into her. I would be inside her perfectly. I knew she would let me. I knew she wouldn't stop me because we were just in too deep by then. Nothing could stop us. My dick was aching. We were in perfect position. There was this moment of expectation. What was next? Was she waiting for me to do it? Waiting to be able to sit down hard onto me, taking my penis deep inside her, to bite her lip and push her face into my neck and scream silently through an orgasm as I flooded her pussy with my own?
Could we really do it right here? There were three obnoxious hooligans sharing the car with us!
I struggled. I could make love to her. I never wanted to make love to someone as much as I wanted to make love to Emma at that moment. I loved her. If I did it, I was lost. I would never be able to escape that love, that infatuation, not even to save my marriage. Not even to preserve my family.
There was something deeper inside me, that was stronger than the me that rules my actions day to day. Maybe that part of me said "no", maybe it just said "not now," but that part of me stopped me from entering Emma.
But it couldn't stop me from being determined to make Emma cum. I moved her off me to sit on the other seat. I heard a noise of disappointment. It almost sounded like "oh you asshole." Maybe that was the only chance she would ever give me, or maybe it had never been a chance at all. But her lips stayed locked to mine as I reached into her panties from the front and got my full hand on her crotch.
The train started to slow down again, coming to another station. I didn't take my hand out of her panties. She opened her legs wider and I started to move my fingers back and forth across her clit, dipping inside her every few seconds. It was so slick.
Her one hand that was closest to me moved into my lap and she slowly started to stroke my naked penis again. And then she stopped, squeezed hard, and whispered.
"That feels soooooo good. But the station is coming, just stop for a minute."
I kissed her again and she kissed back, passionately, but broke it again quickly. She said something in Dutch, which I'm sure was something like, "oh my God." Her hand came off my dick and she grabbed the hemline of her dress with both hands and pulled it down over my hand, over her legs. She had pinned my wrist slightly with the pressure of her arms holding her dress down, but not enough to fully stop me from working her clit, and she continued to moan softly and squirm as I did.
As we pulled into the station the first faces appeared floating past outside the window. Emma gasped again and pulled my hand away from her pussy. I let her.
"I was just about to cum," she whispered, and kissed me hungrily.
"I want you to."
"Just wait. We have to see if more people get on this car. Just wait."
The train stopped. There weren't many faces out on the platform. She was looking out the window, and I put my hand up her skirt again. Her back arched as I rub across her clit again. She was so soaked that I felt I could be aggressive, and I rubbed it fast and hard. She moaned louder this time and turned her head to face forward, ignoring the window for a minute and rolling her eyes back before closing them.
"Miiiiiiiiiiiiike!"
Too loudly again. She grabbed my wrist and pulled my hand out of her panties. There was this incredibly sexy mix of anger, humor, affection and lust on her face. Her eyes were wide now as she tried to look stern and whispered again.
"Stop it now, ok? Those guys heard us."
The guys at the back of the train were silent again. The train was stopped, and there were no faces outside our car. I stood up and looked back through the car. It was empty.
"They didn't hear us, they're gone."
Emma kneeled on the seat backwards to look over as well. Her ass stuck out, and the back of the dress was resting on it a bit, preventing it from falling down the way it was supposed to. The lower half of her incredible butt was exposed, along with a thin turquoise line stretched tightly across her ass and pussy. It was a vision.
Agreeing that we were alone, Emma smiled and looked back to me, still facing backward, leaning against the seatback. I brought my hand up to her ass and snuck my hand into her panties so that the side of my hand rested in the crevice of her ass, and massaged her slit up and down, spreading her juices from her lips to her clit, to her ass and back. Emma arched her back and moved her hips up and down with my movements, urging me into her.
Finally I put my two fingers inside her and starting to work them in and out with a slow rhythm. Emma closed her eyes and laid her forehead on the seat back, continuing to kneel, thrusting her ass back against my hand as I finger-fucked her. The train started moving out of the station. Out of the corner of my eye through the window, I saw the backs of people walking away from the train as my fingers glided in and out of Emma.
The train picked up speed, and Emma was making more noise now that we were alone. Sighs and groans, my name, swear words, and things in Dutch. There was no reason to stop me now, and she was letting her orgasm build with complete abandon. Her breasts were pressing against the seat back as she bucked back and forth against my fingers.
I wanted more of her. I stopped.
"Oh, what, oh, Mike, don't stop. I'm going to cum."
"Sit back down on the seat, I want to eat you." I said.
It would only work if the car was empty, but it was. I knelt down half in the aisle and half in front of the seat, and she sat down and spread her legs. Her dress was up around her waist. I pulled down both straps to expose her breast, and kissed her lips one more time before going lower. I kissed both breasts, and then moved my face right in front of her pussy, and pulled her panties away and to the side, fully exposing her sopping-wet, blushing vagina.
It was the same vagina from the picture she had sent.
I knew it.
I ran my thumb over her clit again and she shivered. I kissed her clit. Then I lowered my face to give her whole slit a long slow lick from the bottom to the top. She tasted incredible: that sweet taste of a woman so turned on she can't think straight. I licked her again. I thrust my tongue as deep inside her as I could, moving it around to gather as much of her nectar as I could, pushing my face hard into her, drinking her. I kissed her pussy lips, sucking them into my mouth. And then returned to her clitoris, taking it into my mouth as well, and sucking hard as I flicked my tongue across it, back and forth, fast and hard, before flattening my tongue to press the roughest part of it against her clit, and massage it in slow circles.
Emma put her hands in my hair and held my face into her, now making so much noise that it filled up the car. I brought my hand from her thighs up to her breasts, cupping them, and squeezing the nipples. Though I had never been with her before, I knew she was close. I brought my right hand down again, and as I licked her clit, I slid two fingers in her pussy pushing them deep and wiggling the ends to tickle the front wall of her vagina.
It didn't take long after that, but the train was slowing down for the next station when she exploded.
"Oh Mike, oh Mike, I'm cumming, I'm cummingggGGGGGGGGGGGG!"
It was a loud squirting orgasm, and I kept working her pussy through it all, though I thought she was going to pull my hair out at one point. As it subsided I started to lick her thighs instead of her clitoris, and then pulled my fingers away to lick her slit again, taking as much of her as I could get before the train stopped. We both sat up, and as I moved to take the window seat, she gave me a strongly affectionate, tight hug with a forceful kiss on my neck before whispering.
"God that was amazing!"
The car door in front of us opened and two older people shuffle in. I zipped my pants up over my raging hard-on just in time, and covered my open belt with the lower edge of my t-shirt. I kept my face averted down and toward the window. My face was shiny with Emma's orgasm, and my cock was too hard for me to stand up and find a bathroom. Emma gave me her scarf, and I used it to wipe my face. Then she kissed me again, and put her hand on my thigh.
The new people settled just a couple of rows behind us and were engaged in conversation. I buckled my belt quietly, dying,absolutely dyingthat there was no opportunity for me to get any release. But Emma cuddled into me so happily that I could live with it.
And then, all of a sudden there was the sound of three obnoxious young men laughing. Emma's facial expression turned from one of complete, satisfied elation to horror in an instant as she realized at the same time as me that we had never been alone. We both looked back over our seats again and there they were, the three obnoxious pricks had never left, they had hidden from us, and listened, or maybe even spied on us the whole time.
They waved at us laughing even more loudly, and then started clapping. Emma let out a strangled sound and brought her scarf up to her face, hiding herself in shame. The older couple looked back and forth between us and the guys, confused at first but putting it together eventually. The train was still stopped, and Emma rushed out of her seat, pulling her bag with her. I followed.
***
It was a very small station with just one platform and one track. Trains didn't stop here frequently.
Emma was ahead of me, and as the platform emptied down the stairs to the street, and the train left, she turned, blushing and giggling at the same time. I smiled as I caught up to her, and she punched me in the shoulder.
"You asshole, I can't believe you did that to me."
I flinched in surprise, but then she kissed me. She was too satisfied and happy to be embarrassed for long. I kissed her back, and then she broke it off, biting my lip viciously. My cock was still hard, and she still looked amazing. There was a hint of real anger in her eyes, but it was more like a vengeful determination, and it was joined with warmth and tenderness, and desire.
She took my hand and led me down the platform, looking up at the surveillance camera and then scanning the area. We walked toward the end until she pulled me into a corner between the route map and an automated ticket machine. And then she turned, kissing me again, and her hands went to my belt, unbuckling it.
"What you just did to me on that train... it's going to make me want you forever. Now I want to get even with you."
She got my pants undone, and squatted down in front of me, taking my pants with her. My cock popped back upward, rock hard.
But we were so public.
"Woh, are you serious? Someone could come up here at any second!"
Emma was watching my cock throb as though it were dancing for her. Her hands were on either side of my thighs. She let her tongue touch just underneath the tip, making it jump a little. She smiled, somehow still managing to look angry.
"That didn't stop you on the train."
She sucked the end of my dick into her mouth and all of a sudden I couldn't say anything. I fell backward a little to lean my shoulders against the route map. Emma brought one hand to the base of my cock and started pumping it in short strokes and she sucked the rest of me in and out of her mouth. I could feel her tongue swirling around me as she sucked. It felt amazing.
"Jesus Emma."
She paused for a second.
"I've wanted to do this for so long now, so badly."
She stood up for a second and grabbed my hand, bringing it under her dress to her pussy. She was so soaked it was dripping down her inner thighs. Her orgasm just a few minutes before had not slowed anything down. She kissed me as I felt her sopping, slippery crotch.
"I am so wet to suck you. I'm so wet to be your fantasy. I'm going make you cum so hard, and so much, and I'm going to let it get all over me. You said you would cum all over my face and my breasts and my dress? So do it. I want to see your face when you do it."
I was speechless. She squatted back down and started to take my cock deep into her mouth, deeper than most girls can go on me. With one hand she started to fondle my balls, and the other hand went to her own pussy, where she started to rub herself.
She sucked savagely for a while and then came off me again. My cock in her hand was slick with her hot spit. She rubbed me against her cheeks and lips as she spoke to me.
"I'm going to cum again, from sucking your dick. You are so fucking hot, you asshole. I don't care about anything else except making you cum right now."
She looked into my eyes and saw that same overpowering lust that I had seen in her eyes on the train. And I saw the real desire in her eyes, the aggressive desire to give me the most intense sexual experience of my life. The cruel desire to make sure that in my long life, I would never have better...
She kept eye contact as she opened her mouth to show me her tongue licking back and forth across the underside of the head of my dick, and pumped long fast strokes on the shaft with her free hand, the other hand still working between her own legs.
The platform was still empty, but more people, or a train could arrive any second.
"I'm not going to stop if someone comes, you know, I'm serious. I don't care who sees, I don't care if a whole crowd of guys come and watch. I'm not stopping until you cum for me, all over me."
Her dirty talk and her tongue and her eye contact were all driving me wild. My orgasm was building up more strongly than I ever remember it, far past the heights at which I would normally have already let it all go, and still climbing. My eyes rolled back in my head and a low moan started that just kept getting louder and more desperate. And she just kept pumping and licking and sucking and speaking.
"I'm so horny again. I'm going to cum again. Are you ready for me to cum with your cock in my mouth?
And I erupted into her.
Her mouth was open and the first hot spurt flooded over her tongue. My eyes winced closed as I felt her engulf me, sucking me deep to take the second blast against the back of her mouth. I forced my eyes open to see her pucker her lips and kiss the end of my penis as the third wave came, coating her lips and dripping around my shaft to her chin. Her fingers were pressing hard into her own clit.
Still pumping with her hand, she moved the head of my dick to rub it against her cheek and another warm, liquidy, white line shot out across her cheek to her neck, immediately dripping downward into the crevasse of her breasts. She smiled as a drip came off her chin to hit her dress right over top of her nipple, and kept pumping my cock.
Primal noises were ripping out of me, torn right off of my soul; taken by her; given to her. And then she was losing it too, as her second climax hit her, fueled by her perfect execution of my orgasm, of my fantasy, of me.
I had never cum so much in my life. The force of her own orgasm made her drop her head for a second so that the underside of my cock rubbed against her forehead, and I shot another load into her hair. She was moaning powerfully, bucking her hips against her hand but still stroking my cock, almost spastically. Her body shook, but she looked back up at me, and smiled wantonly at the helpless ecstasy on my face as I watched my cum drip from her lips, splashing against her bare thighs and the front of her dress..
She sucked my cock into her mouth again, moving it in and out deeply as my orgasm transitioned to slow seeping releases and my noises grew softer. Her shaking slowed down, subsiding to gentle arching in her back with each crest as she reveled in the feel of my now gentling bursting, pulsing cock in her mouth, and the look of complete surrender and reverence on my face. The waves of pleasure, now less intense but still wonderful, continued to wash over both of us.
My cum was all over Emma. In her hair, on her cheek, dripping down her neck, oozing out the sides of her mouth, dripping from her chin, pooled in her cleavage, splattered down the front of her dress and running down the inside of her thighs. There was so much it could have been from three men, but it was all from me. It was all from Emma.
When she was sure I was completely done, she let my softening cock fall from her mouth, took her fingers from her pussy and stood up, looking down at her dress and body. She was a glorious sight. She looked back up, and laughed at the awe in my face. She smiled provocatively, tilting her head with her hands on her hips to strike a coy pose.
"You made such a mess! Are you proud of yourself?"
My cock jumped again. I could barely speak, but I had to tell her.
"That was the greatest orgasm of my life, no contest. That was the most I have ever cum, by far. That was... that was... fucking legendary... that was..."
I trailed off. We stood facing each other in silent, giddy satisfaction. She wiped a drip of cum from her eyebrow with her finger, absentmindedly at first, but then with a giggle as she looked at it, then back at me, shaking her head in disbelief at what we had done. She started wiping off her face with her scarf.
I reached for her and hugged her to me, and she hugged me back, resting her one clean cheek against my shoulder with her face turned away from me. I couldn't care less about getting a little messy as well, at that moment. We held each other tight, holding on to the bliss that was already giving way to the shadows of our significant others; the guilt, the remorse, and the pain of wanting more than one person and not being able to give yourself to both.
We held each other longer than two people in our state should, in such a public place, and then let each other go.
"Emma, I love you. You kill me. You just fucking destroyed me there."
Her hands dropped to her sides and she looked deep into my eyes for a second, then down at her scarf. She smiled.
"I know."
We looked at each other again, and then she looked down the platform toward the stairs.
"I'm going to go find a place to clean up and change into my work clothes."
And she started to move away as I struggled to pull up my pants.