Most of these stories are standalone, so you don't have to read them all. This one, however, follows on the day after Pt 18, and calls back to Pt 11.
--
I woke up to Dan playing with my tits. We laid in bed for a while, then got up and showered and got dressed. Dan was in shorts and a T-shirt, I was in my outfit from last night, but I left the socks off. Dan suggested breakfast, even with me dressed like a stripper.
I was pretty sure we'd be going for a walk and some fun, so on the way to the cafe, I got my hand cuffs out of the car and gave them to Dan. We took our breakfast to go, then headed to the park to eat it.
Before we started eating, Dan suggested I give him my thong. I looked around, and there were some people watching us, but I stood up, slid it down my legs and gave it to him.
I nibbled at the sandwich and sipped my coffee, looking around nervously.
"You look the same to everybody without the thong as you did before you took it off," he said.
"Yes, but they watched me take it off, so now they know I'm not wearing it."
"How about you take off your bra," he said.
"OK," I said, "will you unhook me so it's not so obvious?"
He unhooked my bra.
Without looking around so I lost my nerve because people were watching, I pulled one arm out of the strap at a time. I had hoped that nobody noticed, but I'm sure people saw the red bra against the white shirt. I gave it to Dan.
When we were finished, we carried on walking down the trail.
"I'm pretty turned on right now," I told him, "but I don't know that I want to do anything wild out here in broad daylight."
"OK, let's see what happens."
I suddenly had a thought - I'd started asking for Rachel when ordering pizza at home, and we'd chatted when she delivered it. She'd mentioned how hot it was the time she'd undressed me, but I never took that any further without Dan to watch over me. She had, however, said she liked to ride the bicycle trails over by Dan's at the weekend, so I wondered what the chances were of meeting her. Slim, but I took the lead, and we walked away from the open spaces.
As we got into the rough area, I undid my shirt, so my tits were out. When we couldn't even see the walking trail I took my shirt off and handed it to Dan. Shortly after, I stopped and pulled Dan to me, giving him a passionate kiss, and reminded him about the hand cuffs. He turned me around and I put my hands behind my back, then he put them on me.
I wanted him to take my skirt off, but instead he tightened it, meaning it rode higher on my hips, showing more.
After a little while longer, he took the skirt off. We were approaching the bike and horse trails, and Dan pointed them out like that wasn't where I was going anyway.
A couple of bicyclists were headed this way, and I said I'd flash them. I stood there naked as they rode up to us.
"Hello there," said the first guy, stopping, "what have we here?"
His friend stopped behind him, and asked if I was OK.
"Yes, I'm just on a dare to walk around out here naked."
"And the hand cuffs?" he asked.
"Part of the dare."
"What do you get for doing it?" said the second guy.
"I get to suck your cocks," I said, looking him straight in the eyes.
Straight away they were off their bicycles and pulling their shorts down.
"Naked," I said, "like me."
"He's not naked," said the first guy, pointing at Dan.
"He's not getting his cock sucked."
They stripped off, and both stood there naked. I knelt down in front of them, and started sucking one cock, then the other.
I sucked the first guy for about a minute, then the second guy for about a minute, then swapping back. When I wasn't sucking them, they were jacking themselves off.
The second guy came in my mouth, and another cyclist arrived.
I spat the guy's cum out, and concentrated on the first guy.
"What's going on?" I heard the girl ask.
"She's on a dare," said the second guy, pulling on his shorts.
The first guy came in my mouth, and I spat out his cum. Dan helped me get up, and even wiped my knees.
"Are you OK?" asked the girl.
I got to look at her now, and it was Rachel!
"Never better," I said, with a smile. She smiled back at me, but didn't let on that we sort of knew each other. I wondered if Dan remembered her.
As soon as the guys were dressed, they headed out.
"So do you mind telling me what that was about?" asked Rachel.
"I dared myself to walk around here hand cuffed and naked, and as a reward, I got to suck off anybody who sees me."
"Really?"
"Really."
"And what's your part in all this?" she asked Dan.
"I'm here to carry her clothes," he said. "And let her out of the hand cuffs when she's done."
"You're not going to take advantage of her?" she asked.
"I don't think I could," he said, with a grin.
"Well," said Rachel after a short pause, "I saw you. Are you going to suck me off?"
This was unexpected. I'd just wanted to show off, but I reckoned I could get her off. After all, I knew what I liked.
"Um," I said, "I hadn't planned on it, but I guess a dare's a dare. You'll have to be naked though, like they were and I am."
"OK, but not here," said Rachel.
"No," I said, "right here."
She looked about to see if there was anybody around, then started undressing. She pulled her sports bra off, then her shorts came down revealing a neatly trimmed pussy. When she was completely naked, she reached over and felt my tits like she had before, for a short while. My nipples went hard, and I could feel myself getting really turned on. More than when I sucked off the guys on bicycles.
"Come on then," she said, "before anybody sees us."
I knelt down in front of her, and started licking at her slit. Rachel moved her feet apart a bit. I ran my her tongue along her lips, and swiped her clit from time to time.
Rachel told Dan "don't just stand there, slap my tits."
After a few seconds, she said "slap them!"
He pinched her nipples, then gave her a little slap.
"Harder!" she said, slapping her tits really, really hard and leaving red hand prints.
He slapped her tits again, a little harder.
"Harder!" she said, and he slapped her tits again.
Suddenly Rachel pulled away, and stood behind me as I knelt there, naked. We had more company. They pulled up and stopped, and the first guy said "don't stop on our account, girls."
Rachel was covering herself with her hands, so I told her "they've already seen you, you might as well come back and let's get you finished. You guys be quiet."
She stepped back in front of me, and let me go back to licking her out. After a few more minutes, she told Dan to slap her tits again, and he did. Shortly after that, she pulled my face right into her pussy and came.
She moved behind me again.
"Do you guys want your cocks sucked?" I asked them.
They started pulling their shorts down, so I said "naked like us."
They stripped off, and I sucked the first one who was ready. Rachel was behind me, watching. He came pretty quickly and I spat his cum out, then turned to the next guy. He held his cock out for me and I sucked him until he came too. I guess guys like watching girl on girl action, as they were obviously both pretty turned on.
The guys thanked us as they dressed, then left. Dan helped me up again.
"Why are you doing this?" Rachel asked.
"Because it turns me the fuck on."
"Really? Those guys just used you for sex."
"I used them - and you used me too. I like it like this - I'm in control, and I can let them cum or not."
"I suppose," she said. "But when do you get to cum?"
"Now, I reckon," I said. "That's what he's here for," meaning Dan.
"Can I watch?" Rachel asked.
"I'd love it if you did," I said, grinning.
I went over to Dan. Sucking four cocks and one pussy had really turned me on, and I was happy when he started pinching my nipples. He sucked them for a while, then knelt down in front of me.
"You don't have to do this," I said.
"But I'm going to,"
He licked around my pussy, teasing me, and I started cumming pretty much as soon as he started licking my clit. After about thirty seconds, I couldn't take any more.
"Stop, please," I gasped, and he stopped and stood up.
I turned away from him and bent at the waist.
"Do me now."
He pulled his jeans and underwear down, and just stuck his cock into me, making me start cumming again. He held my hips and stroked into me, fairly gently.
After a few minutes of this, I told him I wanted him in my mouth, and pulled off, kneeling down in front of him. He held his cock up for me, and I put it in my mouth, cleaning it with my tongue before taking as much as I could.
I bobbed away on his cock for a while, then let go, and told him to fuck my face. I put his cock back in my mouth, and he put his hands on sides of my head and thrust into my mouth. He was hammering the back of my throat, and kept on until he came. I swallowed it all. He pulled up his jeans, then helped me up. Rachel came over and hugged and kissed me. She was still naked too.
"That was the hottest thing I've ever seen," she said. "How often are you out here?"
"This is the first, and probably only time," I said. "I don't know that I'll want to do this again for a while."
"Pity," she said, "I'd like to see you again."
Dan got out a ball point pen. "You could always give her your number," he said, handing it to her.
"Do you have anything to write on?" she asked.
"Write it on her tits," he said.
She wrote "Rachel" and her number on my left tit, just above the nipple. I hoped I could scrub that off before Dave saw it.
"What are you doing now?" she asked, starting to get dressed.
"Getting dressed, I think," I said, and had Dan undo the cuffs.
I rubbed my wrists, then put on my skirt, with the waist band a little tight, so it was short. I put my shirt back on and tied it under my tits.
When Rachel was dressed, she said "wow, you walked out here dressed like that?"
"I walked the most of the way here dressed how you found me," I said. "This is just how we left his place."
It was getting on, and I was supposed to be seeing Dave in the evening.
"We should be going," I told Dan, "I have places to go and things to do today."
We said goodbye to Rachel, and walked back to the park.
Dan said "So, Rachel in the park eh, what are the chances?"
"Just a lucky coincidence, I guess," I said, with a smile. Busted!
We walked back to Dan's place, and I came in and cleaned my teeth then dressed as best as I could before heading home.