I was dancing on a busy dance floor in a tight flare purple mini skirt and a shiny black midriff halter neck. There were small, two-people sized platforms over the dance floor which were a high step up for me. Being quite short at 5ft 2in, I had to jump up to get onto one.
As I danced, I noticed there were little loops I could stick the toes of my shoes in. Feeling buzzed, I slipped my left shoe under. The loop helped me feel like I was not going to step off the edge or lose my balance, so I put my right foot in the other loop. I felt a hum like a motor starting to spin under my feet. As soon as I did, bars started to rise around the edge of the platform.
The bars rising around me triggered an animal instinct, giving me the feeling of being trapped in a cage. Feeling the moment, I grabbed a hold of and leant on the bars, as I like twisting low to the ground dancing. I danced happily and quite crazily for a couple of minutes. As I moved to the music, thrashing and grinding up and down, I went to slide my hands away from the bars but felt something hard against my wrists. I stopped with my hands above my head. I looked up to find my wrists had been enveloped in metal cuffs.
Before panic totally set in, a bright light shone on me, distracting me. I heard the DJ exclaim, "We have selected the sexiest dancer of the night and we've given her a golden cage as a reward! Come watch her dance! Let's show her some love!" he yelled out to the crowd. Then looking, directly at me, he went on. "Free drinks for the rest of the night if you can stay in the cage."
The promise of free drinks sounded great. I ended up here at this club only because the big sign outside advertised 'Ladies get in Free.' I was tipsy, but I could sure go for more. Up for the challenge, I started to dance again, realising I could move my hands up and down the pole to just above my waist level. The spotlight dimmed and I realised how many people were watching and cheering me on. Performing in the centre of a crowd of excited dancers gave me a rush of excitement.
"Come on, everyone - show her how sexy she is!" I heard the DJ yell out, as a song was winding down. With that, I felt a hand run up my leg and squeeze my inner thigh. I paused and realised unless I stopped dancing and got out I could not stop them touching me, and I realized in that moment that this was part of the game. Tonight, I had won more than drinks.
Following the driving rhythm of the club music, I danced as best I could as multiple hands ran over my legs and tummy. The attention was intoxicating, drawing me closer to the bars, my body swaying where the faceless hands led my body. I leant forward, rocking hips, low and hard towards the bars. Someone used this opportunity to reach under my skirt and push a finger past my panties.
I could feel the silky wet fabric being pushed against my leg as the hungry fingers invaded, pushing relentlessly to get into my pussy. The wetness between my legs betrayed the helplessness I felt as the groping continued. Torn between arousal and vulnerability, I danced as much to the music as I did to get away, as I did not want to let people get away with that much.
I moved to unhook my feet, only to discover I was now locked in. I looked to the DJ and shook my head, mouthing, "Stop!". He grinned wickedly at me and encouraged the partygoers. "She is getting close to winning her prize, guys. She looks awfully thirsty. Who wants to buy this sexy dancer a drink to help her keep moving? Who's gonna step up and help her get there?"
Very quickly there was a guy standing up on the edge with a shot glass held out to my lips. He grabbed my top to hold me close then pinched my nipple, making me gasp. As my lips parted, he pressed the shot to my mouth and tipped. The shot was deliciously sweet and went down smooth. Before the shot had made it down my throat, he pulled me hard against the poles and gave me a forceful kiss and jumped back into the crowd.
I struggled to get to the middle of the cage, hoping I could stay clear of the hands making their way up my skirt. The feeling of hands touching my legs was nice enough, and I could still win my prize if I just hung in there. But the men continued grabbing me and pouring shots in my mouth, turning my nice buzz into full-blown drunkenness. Soon, my resistance had been broken and I was swimming in the intoxicating euphoria of music, booze, objectification and desire.
Pulling me close, people kissed my swollen lips. Some of them tugged at my hair, others my arms, others with what remained of my halter top to get shot at my lips which were now tingling. Now, as they held me firm against the edge of cage, mouths and hands groped at my boobs, biting and pinching my nipples.
I was horny from the teasing gropes and kisses and I did not pull away when a finger slipped under my panties then another pushed into my wetness and I moaned and withered on them still dancing and barely noticing that my panties were pulled down and cut away.
In a lust-filled haze, I heard the DJ speak. "Congratulations! You are now a golden cage dancer! You can go to the next stage!" And the fingers pulled away. I moaned louder, as I was on edge of cumming, but I felt the bars dropping around me and the loops retracted from my wrists. I had a drink handed to me. It was a fruity shot which I downed and asked for another - I wanted to make use of my winnings.
I moved to get down, and had several helping hands reach out for me helping me down; but groping hard as they did so, lifting me by my thighs, boobs and wrists. I went to move to the bar, but one guy still had a hold of my wrist and he pulled me towards one of the lower dance floors as someone said they would finish what they started with their fingers. I was so needy I no longer cared that I was not in 'safety behind bars'.
This guy seemed nice and was dancing holding me close, kissing me with one hand grabbing my boob, the other teasing - just dipping under the hem of my skirt running along my thighs. I was so lost in the kisses and my need that I did not notice this level had gotten louder and more packed than the few who had come down with us. As this guy grabbed my arse with both hands, I moaned and kissed him harder.
When a guy came up and started dirty dancing with me, grinding right into my back, I noticed there suddenly was a circle tightly surrounding me and consisted mostly of guys. The guy behind me grabbed my boobs, pressing my arms to the sides and lifted me onto my tiptoes. I pulled back from the kiss and go to ask what the hell was happening, but I was slow to react as drunk and horny as the one in front grinned down at me evilly steps back a little then grabbed my hips lifting me a bit more. I felt my toes were off the ground and he was pulling my chest down towards him and pushing my hips back into the guy behind me and onto his cock. My skirt was bunched up around my waist as I stood on my tiptoes on his shoes.
He moved within me a few times but then pulled out, and as my feet hit the floor another guy was lifting me up and pulling me back onto him before I even had a chance to speak. This cock was much larger and rendered my words into garbled moans, which I felt caused a mixed reaction of laughter and increased the number of hands on my skin.
There were now more guys in front who were groping my boobs and holding me down with them and hands also pressing on my back, holding me still as the guy behind started to fuck me hard and fast. I was not sure how many people's hands were on me, but one was definitely a chick, as I could feel her soft skin and nails as she scratched my back, sending shivers through me.
The next lot of hands I felt at the back of my neck were undoing my halter neck tie, and my top fell, hanging from my waist. Now the hands didn't have to go under; more started to grab roughly at me. I felt the guy in my pussy harden and come; the next pushed in to the hilt in one motion and lifted my legs up to his waist, which had my feet in the air - I was now purely being held up by other hands and had no ability to resist anything.
I was so overcome with how quick this had all happened, and now realized how wet and turned on I was. This one was thick, and with legs up higher I really felt it. he pulled out just as I started pulsing around him, but before I came, he came on my clothes which were bunched around my waist. He dropped my legs and was pleased to see I could barely stand.
He chuckled.
"Let's get these dirty clothes off you, if you can even call those small strips clothing." Everyone moved in, grabbing my body in the process of pulling my clothes off and down around my feet. I was naked in a club and I looked around past the circle of people, everyone was dancing, and no one had seemed to notice...
The group started moving while dancing, grinding and pushing me along with them. There were always multiple hands gripping at least my boobs and butt and fingers in my pussy holding me on my tiptoes every few steps. Suddenly I was pushed into the guys' bathroom and told to clean up. For a moment, I thought that they might be done with me, but then someone sneered. "Make sure you have a drink - you're not done showing what a slut you are yet." I had a drink and washed my face - and my pussy, which was very sticky with the guys' cum and my own juices.
"Get in the cubicle." I was worried they were going to make me pee while they were watching but they told me to sit on the lid, and one tied one wrist to the toilet roll holder with a silk tie and the other to the outside of the door handle so the door would not close, using a short length of cotton rope. The chick stepped up with a marker and wrote "slut" across my chest.
"Once you have sucked enough cocks to clearly show you're a cum loving slut, I will let you go," said the guy who first led me down here. With that, he put his cock to my lips and pushed my head onto it. I knew if I did a good job it would be over quicker, and there had not been that many guys surrounding me. After sucking off and swallowing six guys I realised the crowd was not decreasing and that it was just randoms coming in and as they took one look at me; cum trailing from my mouth down my front and pussy wet with my own juices. I knew I would not get let go till they were sated - and least while my mouth was working, they were happy to let me suck them off.
The next fingered me while I sucked him, which made me moan around him and thrust into his fingers in an attempt to get myself off, but he pulled his fingers out of my dripping pussy before I could, and after he came he wiped his fingers on me. And as he walked away I heard him say, "If you finger the whore she sucks better, just leave her worked up and everyone can enjoy..."
As I took the next into my mouth he grabbed a fist-full of my hair and pushed me down till his cock was deep in my throat and I could feel my throat muscles contracting around him. Then he started pulling me by my hair to face fuck me on to his cock. I could do nothing but breathe and move my tounge against him; he thrust towards me and pushed me right down onto his cock again, as I felt him swell and cum, and my throat milked him as I swallowed his cum. As he walked away, I heard him say ,"Or you can just use the slutwhore for what you want regardless, she deep throats if you give her some "help" and she's not in a position to resist."
He winked back at me, knowing what thoughts he had placed in the other guys' heads, and walked out. The next, though, did finger me. I tried to slow down in hopes I might get to come, but each time I got close he would pull away, grabbing my nipples to force his cock deep into me. On the second round of this, he came, and with the crowd seeing and hearing the talk of what I was doing, the guys got more inventive. The next did not finger me but slapped my tits then pulled out and came on them and my face; the next did finger me and spoke loudly of my wetness as he did so, but each time I came close he pinched my clit, which made me scream around his cock, which he clearly enjoyed as the next pinch lasted longer and he came. The next just touched me slightly till I was moaning and enthusiastically sucking his cock.
I had stopped thinking about being let go and now just wanted to cum while moaning around a cock I truly felt like a cum slut but also felt humiliated at being used and for once the guys bathroom had a longer line then the chicks', till closing.