Welcome to my Nude Day contest entry. Been a long time since I've posted in this category, but a good friend here who isn't feeling well these days, asked when I was going to drop a new Milf story, so here we are. Like much of my work this story is on the longer side. Unlike a lot of my work, you don't have to wait too long to get to the action. Hope you enjoy it. LC68
Chapter One
"Come on, Dana, show the camera some love, or at least crack a damn smile!" Burt called out in frustration.
"I feel like an idiot." Dana stared down at the last outfit he'd asked her to wear for the shoot. "I'm a little old to be a naughty schoolgirl, don't you think?"
"Way too old, no one could stay back that many times." Burt cracked from where he stood in front of the set, fiddling with his camera.
"Then why the hell am I wearing it? I get business casual and the cute sundress pics we took, but what's with this trashy get-up?"
"The first two outfits were generic shoots to start your new portfolio and get you used to being back in front of the camera. This is one is for the shoot Ellen is working on."
"She has a new project?" Dana felt hope brewing within her for the first time in the last few months. "She's looking for new models and I'm not just taking a shot in the dark she can find me some work?"
"You aren't going to get any work until you lighten up." Burt grumbled. "First two outfits you were posing like you had a pole up your ass, and your face looked like you couldn't decide whether or not you liked it."
"I'm a little stiff, first time I've done this in fifteen years, remember?" Dana defended herself even though she knew Burt was right. Rusty or not, she could feel how awkward she'd been being back in front of a camera.
"I remember when you could get a guy stiff just with a smile and those bedroom eyes." Burt smirked. "That great rack never hurt either."
"Yeah, well, I'm not ready for lingerie shoots just yet," she tugged on the black tie hanging loosely around her neck. "But I guess you think I'm ready for sleazy."
"Seeing you been waitressing at Mario's Lounge I figure you'd be at home with sleazy."
"Fuck you, Burt!" she snapped. "You think I want to work there?"
"If you don't get some good shots you're going to keep working there." He sighed. "Come on, Dana, just relax. The camera used to love you and you know it."
"Used to." Her shoulders slumped. "This was a mistake."
"If you think it is, then it will be." Burt gestured to her. "Or you could stop feeling sorry for yourself and give this a real go and stop wasting our time half assing it."
"Does Ellen really have a new project?" Dana asked, trying to grasp at something that would give her some hope.
"Yes, and it could be perfect for you. It features older models and it's called age is a number, fun is a state of mind or something stupid like that." Burt shrugged. "I figure nothing says young and fun more than the classic schoolgirl fantasy."
"I guess," Dana looked down at the black and white plaid skirt so short a breeze would give anyone behind her a glimpse of the plain white panties that were part of the outfit. "But on any girl over twenty all it really says is porn star, hooker, or just plain slutty." Or desperate waitress working tips in a club full of assholes.
"All the more reason it works. Middle aged women can still be sexy, slutty even."
"I'm not middle aged!" Dana fired back.
"Slutty is okay, but middle aged is an insult? Anyhow, you're right," Burt looked up, smirking through his scruffy grey beard. "I doubt you'll make 86 so I guess you're passed middle age."
"You're an asshole Burt, always was, always will be."
"But this asshole is giving you three hours of my expensive time for free because I'm one of the few friends you kept when you were married. So how about you drop the diva act and do what you used to do back in the day and trust me?"
"You're right, I'm sorry," She looked away so he wouldn't see her eyes beginning to well up, something that happened with annoying frequency these days. "And I'm sorry we had to hide our friendship. I should..."
"Forget about that." Burt gave her a rare, encouraging smile. "Never backwards, always forwards, Dana. That's my motto."
"It's a good one." Dana took another look down at the black patent leather heels complete with silver buckles, and the white knee high stockings.
"Can we at least button this?" She flipped the tail of the shirt which protruded from the knot it was tied in, leaving her stomach bare and showed off the inner curve of her breasts to the point some of the black lace of her bra showed.
"You getting modest?" Burt laughed. "You're dressing skanky every night at that dive, why is this different?"
"God, you're a prick." Dana shook her head, causing the pig tails she'd pulled her long black hair into to bounce around her head. "That's what I get for telling you what's going on in my life."
"That's what you get for making such a shit show of your life." Burt replied, the smirk, an all but permanent part of his face, was back.
"That dump is keeping my lights on, but if I want to keep the damn house, I need to make some more money, and if I'm getting back into modeling I don't want to be dressed like daddy's little bad girl."
"Like you said, you did lingerie shoots back in the day."
"In my twenties."
"There's women your age doing lingerie." Burt reminded her. "If you're trying to get a foot back in the door, you have to show a little of everything and we did classy and sporty, now we do a little sexy."
"Its bad enough I have to do sexy to a bar full of pricks. I'd rather not do it for a legit job."
"Showing yourself off is what modeling is all about, Dana. You know that and we both know you never minded showing yourself off."
"Don't talk about that!" She snapped. "I was young then."
"Young and a lot of fun. But just because you've been a dud the last fifteen years doesn't mean the hot little minx that loved the thought of men drooling over her isn't still in there somewhere."
"That's off-limits Burt, even for you."
"Tell me something, you get excited at work? All those guys ogling you?"
"You keep talking like that, I'll go change and leave." She put her hands on her hips and gave him a hard stare. "I mean it."
"Perfect!" The camera flashed from where he held it at an upward angle at his waist. "That's a great look. Eyes flashing, getting a little red and those lips in a hard line. That's an 'I dare you' shot, and its hot, girl!"
"Not fair."
"Life never is." He gestured to her. "Dana, you have nothing to be ashamed of. You have incredible legs, a hell of a rack..."
"Classy." She rolled her eyes, then scowled when the camera flashed again, catching it. She knew Burt had perfectly timed it, because he was the best there was and could 'shoot blind' as he called it, like no other.
"I speak only the truth. Your tits were things of wonder back in the day."
"Were? Thanks."
"I'm, sure they still are, but gravity's gotta be taking some toll."
"To think I forgot how nasty you could be."
"I haven't forgotten how nasty you could be." He laughed. "But let's stay on topic. You have gorgeous lustrous hair, big doe eyes that can look innocent or inviting, and those lips! Women shoot a lot of botox to have a blow job mouth, yours is natural."
"Oh My God!" This time she really was surprised. "You've gotten worse over the years."
"I'm an old man now, we get to say what we want, and it gets brushed off because I'm just a curmudgeon."
"Ever hear of the me too movement?"
"Me too, like I want to join in?" he stared at her for a minute then sighed. "I'm just trying to have some fun and lighten you up. You played uptight prude for that shithead, but we know that's not who you are. Let's get Dana Darling back out here."
"Dana Darling died," she said softly. "That marriage license was her death certificate."
"Then let's resurrect that bitch, because the sorry ass pity party in front of me isn't the woman I know and love."
"Wow, Burt, you're slipping. That was an actual sentiment."
"I have a five o'clock coming, gotta get you moving."
"Okay, I'll try to warm up to this." She frowned. "Just don't like the bare midriff. I don't have the flat tummy I had before."
"You're fine, its not like you have a muffin top or anything. Just a little soft." He slung the Nikon over his neck and walked over to the larger camera mounted to the tripod.
"Look, women are insecure, and they see pictures of a woman in her forties with hard tight stomach, they get self-conscious. The ad ends up being a bust because they flip right past it cause they don't look like that.
"You have a great body for your age and it's a natural body. Your ass has filled out some, your thighs and hips are thicker and a little softer."
"And you wonder why you're permanently single?"
"Again, it works because yes, you're still looking damn good, but they can look like you. The 'yoga pants I live at the gym while the kids are at school look' has its appeal, but natural milf sexy does too."
"Milf?" She repeated the word carefully as just the sound of it gave her an unwanted, but not unpleasant chill.
"Mother I'd like to fuck," he explained as he put his eye to the camera and adjusted it. "You can't be that sheltered. Older women are the number one porn search these days. Young guys love them and so do some older guys because their wives look like that."
"Think the porn crowd is who Ellen is aiming for?"
"No, she's aiming for forty plus ladies who see a woman their age rocking fun and sexy. The guys at the shithole you're heading to later, are thinking Milf."
"Oh, right."
"Don't bullshit a bullshitter, Dana." Burt told her. "You know what that means and something tells me since you been strutting your stuff while schilling drinks good old D may be back in the saddle."
The blush that immediately followed his words was the only admission he needed, but for once, he didn't follow it up with a nasty crack, instead, without looking up he added;
"And I say good for you. Now seeing that I'm not buying your insecurity or modesty, how about we get some fun shots that will make it so you're only in that dump if you're looking for some stress relief?"
"Okay, I'll..." Dana stopped at a knock on the door.
"Shit, I forgot he was coming this afternoon." Burt turned away from the camera. "Come on in, Jake."
A tall dark haired young man in black jeans and a matching t-shirt entered the small studio. "Hey, Burt, work was slow, so they let me off early, figured I'd just come straight here."
He glanced over at Dana.
"Oh, hi, sorry, I didn't see anyone on the schedule. I didn't mean to interrupt."
"That's because I'm not charging. Dana is an old friend and former model looking to get back into the game."
"Cool," Jake flashed her a smile. "I'm Jake, nice to meet you."
"She heard me say your name," Burt grunted. "He's studying photography and I agreed to take him on as an intern, show him the ropes."
"And you get free help." This time Dana flashed the smirk. "Burt never does anything unless he can get something out of it."
"There goes your free shoot, then." Burt gestured to Jake. "Mind if he stays and watches?"
Dana hesitated. It wasn't just that she was nervous doing her first shoot in years, but Jake being here. Burt, as usual, wasn't wrong, since she'd divorced Ben, Dana had been making up for years of a borderline nonexistent sex life with a series of one-night stands.
He'd also inadvertently hit the nail on the head with the milf comment. Not wanting to be bothered with drama, potentially bad sex, and more importantly the ego of a guy her age, all of Dana's shamefully wanton nights had been with younger men, who to prove Burt's point about porn, were very much attracted to her.
Jake was no exception, although he wasn't blatant, he'd given her a quick up and down before smiling at her and as she'd spoken to Burt, she could feel his eyes on her. He was a nice looking kid; blue eyes with dark hair was a weakness for her, as was the lean muscle displayed in his arms and snug t-shirt.
The equally tight jeans hinted at an even bigger muscle, and she could feel 'the old Dana' Burt kept referring to waking up within her. 'Loving the camera' was an old expression and in Dana's case she had not only loved it but lusted over it.
Dana had been nineteen at her first pro shoot and surprised to find herself turned on as she strutted about the set, posing and flashing flirty sexy looks not as much for the camera, but for the photographer, and the guys handling the lighting and standing around waiting to change the set when she was done.
The idea that she wasn't just playing up to the crew, but all the men who would see, and fantasize about her, had her in a state of arousal she'd only thought existed in trashy romance novels. Her nipples hard and aching, her clit throbbing and her pussy so wet she had to peel her panties from her sticky pink flesh.
Those panties, and everything else had been peeled off in front of one of the lighting techs. Dana had taken a wild ride on his face, then on his cock before finishing him off by sucking her juices off his cock and swallowing every drop she could coax from his balls. Prior to that, Dana had never been adventurous or even overly enthusiastic about sex.
She'd slept with two guys prior to that day, both of whom she'd dated for a few months. She'd always been a 'good girl' in the sense of not screwing anyone she didn't care about, and although not a dud, she'd never been anywhere near as wild as she had been that day.
The camera had brought out the exhibitionist inside her that had her imagining every guy who saw her pics getting hard and thinking about what they wanted to do to her. The first time was far from the last time, as Dana would go on to fuck after every shoot, either one of the others involved, or that night at a club or bar where she'd take her newfound lust out on whatever lucky guy caught her eye.
Dana had come close to costing herself a good name and legit career as she gained the reputation of being promiscuous and was getting signed to shoots only because the photographer figured there was a good chance he could fuck her; and some had.
Fortunately, Ellen Gaines had found her, took her on as a client and paired her with Burt, who in spite of his crude demeanor, was a solid professional who told both his models and anyone working with him that if they mixed business with pleasure they could find someone else to work for.
Being the best in the state, it was a warning even young and newly sexually awakened Dana would obey. That didn't stop her from stalking her prey at night, but she'd stopped shitting where she ate as Burt so colorfully put it.
Now acting more professionally she was able to gain a respectable reputation that along with Ellen's management and Burt's skill had her making good money and rising up the ranks of the modeling scene.
Eventually, Dana would meet Ben at a party and for the first time since high school had found someone who she wanted, and who wanted her, for more than just a fuck. She'd almost blown that as twice within their few months together, she'd gotten so worked up at a shoot, she'd cheated on him.
Both were risqué lingerie shoots that had her wetter than ever, and both times Ben had been away on business and she was unable to settle for toys and her fingers at home. Ben found out and gave her an ultimatum, he would forgive her, but she had to quit modeling.
Ben, who was eight years older than her, had just made junior partner at his law firm, and made more than enough to support them. Neither of them were interested in children, and not wanting to stay home, Dana had spent the last fifteen years working in offices.
With only a High school education and having spent the next seven years modeling she had no real job skills and most of her jobs were reception or data entry, simple jobs, but they kept her busy.
No, stop thinking like that, they kept her away from the camera, dressed modestly-the only way Ben would allow her to- and made her into a 'good woman'. Dana now knew that was another term for being a controlled suppressed watered down version of herself kept under the thumb of a man who was as jealous and possessive as her asshole father had been of her mom, but she'd never seen it.
Ellen, Burt, and other friends did, and as time went on she'd lost all of them because Ben knew they talked poorly of him and didn't want her associating with them anymore. Ellen and Burt had stayed with her, although they were nowhere near as close as they used to be.
Because Burt was a man, and all men only wanted to be friends with women so they could eventually fuck them, Ben hadn't wanted her to still talk to him. But Burt had gotten her off a bad career path, made her good money and could have made her a big name, so she'd call him every so often and keep in touch through an alternate Face Book page Ben didn't know she had.
"You going to answer me, or stare off into space like the ditz you used to be?" Burt cut into her not so pleasant walk down memory lane. "Care if the kid hangs out and learns something?"
"Um," Damn he was fine, why did he have to be so fine? And why did he have to look away when Dana turned her attention on him, telling her he liked what he saw as well?
"Um?" Burt slapped his now prominent forehead, just below where his grey hair was pulled back tightly into a ponytail.
"Sure." What was she going to say? Don't tempt me?
"Here," Burt slipped the Nikon from around his neck and handed it to him. "Just snap some shots and I'll take a look at them later and see if they're any good."
"Got it." Jake took the camera.
"Oh, and seeing you're here, let's get a young man's opinion. What do you think of Dana in the schoolgirl outfit, can she pull it off?'
"Hell yeah," he grinned, then caught himself. "I mean, yeah she looks great, proves age is just a number sort of thing."
"There you go, feel better, miss insecurity?' Burt snickered and Dana wondered if he knew the effect Jake was going to have on her and teasing or was just being his usual dickish self.
"Back to where we were." Burt got behind the tripod. "Let's do something I should have thought of earlier to get you loosened up. How about the old routine? Give me happy."
Dana grinned, then pausing to get a neutral look on her face broke into a huge, borderline giddy, smile.
"Surprised."
Dana gasped and put her hand to her open mouth, her eyes going wide.
"That's great." Jake laughed.
"Disgusted, you know, like you're picturing me naked."
Dana scrunched her face up, her full red lips turning down into a scowl.
"Scared. Angry, confused."
Dana relaxed as they dropped back into the game they played years ago to warm her up and get her into the swing of things using her uncanny ability to produce any expression on demand.
"Bratty."
Dana pushed her lips into a pout, while looking up though her long lashes, and stamping her foot, her right hand on her hip.
"Flirty."
Dana put her hand to her mouth and blew a playful kiss, keeping her lips pursed while leaning over, and pushing her ass out behind her.
"Give me lusty."
Dana would have hesitated had this been the first one, but was now having a good time. Not to mention she liked the way Jake's eyes responded to bratty and flirty. She narrowed her large brown eyes, and parting her lips, slipped her tongue out just enough for the pink tip to protrude.
Her eyes on the camera in front of Burt, Dana sucked on her lower lip, while she beckoned with one red tipped finger.
"That's my girl!" Burt whistled. "That's a keeper for the shoot. Now let's start posing, show me a good woman being a bad girl."
Dana was already on her way to doing that as her nipples hardened and she felt a warm tingle between her thighs. First time in front of a camera in fifteen years and she was already responding.
Just like her body responded to the assholes staring at her at the waitressing job she was forced to take to keep the house Ben had given her a deadline to buy him out of or he would force the sale of it.
Her day job, working as an assistant to the head of IT, had laid her off three months ago. The company had ties with Ben's firm, and she knew he was behind it, but not like she could afford a lawyer to prove that.
She had no luck finding work, and living off the minimum hourly paid to a waitress and her tips, which although pretty good, couldn't maintain the house, let alone get her the money to buy Ben out of it. But she'd spent enough time dwelling on that, and now in desperation, she'd decided to see if she could get back into the career she'd had until she'd fallen for that prick.
But there was nothing she could do about it now, other than make this a good shoot and see if Ellen could get any bites on it. Jake's presence had immediately boosted her confidence and the newly reawakened exhibitionist in her didn't need any instructions from Burt.
She did a quick spin, while flipping her short skirt just enough to flash the cheeks of her ass in the white good girl panties. As brief as it was, Dana had no doubt Burt caught it because he was still one of, if not the best.
Dana proceeded to cavort about the small set which was a classroom scene with a black board background, and several old fashioned chairs and desks. Using them to her advantage, Dana placed her hands on the back of one chair and lowered her head, raising her ass.
It was a side shot but allowed the skirt to slide further up her thigh close to her hip. Doing another twirl, this time letting the air itself lift her skirt, Dana sprawled backwards over one of the desks, while putting one foot on the seat of the chair, and one on the back of it.
"See that, Jake?" Burt spoke while clicking away. "This is how a good model takes over the damn shoot and all you do is concentrate on the shots."
Dana went into a skipping motion that she knew Burt would get some good shots of both feet off the ground. She skipped over to Jake where he was crouched to the side, taking pictures of her approaching. Dana flashed the 'lusty look' once more and when she beckoned with her finger, he looked at Burt.
"Go on, let's see what we got here." Burt called out.
Jake rose, then flinched when Dana quickly pulled the tie over her head, looped it over his, and tugged him toward her.
"Nice! Got that look of surprise right there!" Burt yelled as he always did when he got into the zone.
Dana backed away, gripping the tie and forcing Jake to follow her back onto the set. When she got him in front of a chair, she whispered; "Sit," and gave him a gentle push.
He dropped back into the chair, his eyes widening when Dana easily put one foot up on his leg. She grunted with effort, and almost lost her balance, but managed to get her foot up on his shoulder in her next move.
"Get back to stretching, kid!" Burt laughed, "You about fell on your ass just then."
Dana barely heard him as her focus was on Jake's stunned expression and his eyes staring between her thighs at the exposed crotch of her panties. She knew she was wet and felt a fresh wave of heat at the idea he may be looking at a spreading stain.
Dropping her leg, she pulled him toward her and planted a kiss on his right cheek, lingering long enough for Burt to get a good shot. She quickly kissed the left side of his face, pressing her lips hard into him, and when she leaned back, smiled at the perfect pair of red lips she'd left there.
"Beautiful!" Burt exclaimed. "Hey, Jake, maybe you belong on that side of the camera."
Jake laughed nervously, while Dana spun around and leaning forward, flipped her skirt up a few inches. She wiggled her ass at him, and when he didn't take the prompt, Burt called out. "She's a naughty schoolgirl, kid, give her a little spank."
"And keep your hand there." Dana whispered.
Jake gave her ass barely more than a tap, but it sent a shiver through her already throbbing clit. He rested his hand briefly on the cheek of her ass, and Dana opened her mouth in mock surprise, her eyes wide as she stared at the camera.
She was sure that look of surprise spread to Jake's face when she dropped onto his lap and leaned back into his chest to kick her legs in the air. Dana bit her lip to hold back a moan as she felt his cock pressing into her ass.
She hopped off him before Burt would think she was into anything, but putting on a show, but hoped Jake was wondering if she'd felt his reaction to her racy antics. She slipped the tie from Jake, giving him a quick view of her substantial cleavage, before pulling it down over her head.
The pigtails caused some resistance, and when she pulled harder, they sprang up when she got the tie past them, and again she knew Burt would catch them in motion.
"Okay, I think we got enough, let's....whoa!"
Burt's response was to Dana, who without planning to, but completely caught up in the long forgotten thrill of playing to countless men who might see these shots, pulled the knot on the shirt and opened it wide.
The black bra beneath was transparent lace, and showed her breasts except for the small embroidered roses over her nipples. The tie dangled between her breasts, adding a nice touch, and leaning over, Dana pushed her lips back into a pout before blowing the camera a kiss.
"Let's wrap it, and you, up." Burt declared stepping back from the camera to show he was done.
"Know what was missing?" Dana asked while buttoning the shirt back up rather than retying it.
"A stripper pole and some music?" Burt grunted.
"Think the camera still loves me?"
"How could it not?" Burt gave her another rare smile. "You were a little uptight in the first couple of outfits, but you came alive in this one." He shot a look in Jake's direction. "Guess that hasn't changed either."
Dana looked away in embarrassment, but to her relief, Jake had slipped out of the chair, and gone over to grab the camera he'd put down.
"I'll get these and whatever Jake took that's worth showing off to Ellen in the morning, she'll call you once she has them to set up a meeting." Burt walked over to her and caught her off guard with a hug.
"Great seeing you back where you belong, and I hope she lands you something."
"Thank you for helping me, Burt. I don't deserve it." She hugged him tightly and kissed his scruffy cheek.
"Few deserve me," he chuckled, then stepped back and his smirk back in place, tugged on the hem of her skirt. "Go on and keep it," he spoke softly enough Jake wouldn't hear him. "You can wear it to work, get some tips."
"Thanks, Burt," she rolled her eyes. "You're all heart."
Chapter Two
"That's it, baby suck that tit!" Dana growled as she gripped Jake's short black hair, holding his head while she arched her back, shoving her breast in his face.
Jake groaned around her rosy nipple as she popped open his jeans with her other hand, expertly unzipping him and getting her hand into his boxers.
"Hmm, all for me?" she purred as she stroked his cock.
"Damn, you're fucking hot!" Jake switched to sucking her other tit while pushing the white blouse down her shoulders.
"And you're fucking hard, and I love it!" Dana released his cock long enough to extricate her arms from the sleeves, letting the blouse fall to the floor.
"How could I not be?" he cupped her large breasts, giving them a squeeze, his thumbs caressing her nipples. "Look at these tits!"
He went to lower his head to take one back into his mouth, but Dana stopped him, by grabbing his face in both hands and kissing him hard. He gasped when her tongue forcefully pushed into his mouth, but his arms went around her, crushing her to his hard young body.
He'd barely closed the door to his small two room apartment when she grabbed his shirt and ripped it over his head. As she'd run her long nails down his lean muscular chest and flat stomach, Jake's hands were on her shirt, trying to unbutton it.
Dana had surprised him by grabbing the sides of the shirt and tearing it open, sending buttons flying. The look of surprise turned to one of pure lust when Dana pulled the cups of her bra down, causing her large breasts to pop out.
They'd groped and kissed each other across the room, making their way into his bedroom where she'd grown impatient enough to push his head down to her tits. The brief flashback of the last two minutes was replaced by the present which involved Jake deftly unhooking her bra and sliding the straps down her arms.
Dana dropped her arms to let the bra drop to the floor between them, and moaned, her eyes rolling back as Jake enthusiastically went back to sucking her left nipple while his fingers teased the right.
He held her heavy breasts in his strong hands, squeezing them as he worked her nipples. Her face flushed and her heart racing, Dana lifted the schoolgirl skirt. Hooking her fingers into the white cotton panties, she pushed them down while her young lover continued to all but devour her tits.
Dana got the panties far enough down her legs to lift them one at a time, working the panties off with her feet while she held his shoulders for balance. Pulling away, she playfully kicked the panties at him, laughing as he caught them and brought them to his nose, inhaling deeply.
"They're soaked through!" he whispered, his fingers rubbing the sticky crotch.
"Come find out why!" Dana hiked her skirt up to her hips, and falling back onto his bed, spread first her legs, then her pink slit, opening her lips with her fingers, wantonly showing off her glistening pussy.
"Let's go, baby," she beckoned him with her finger as she had on the set, but this time the look of desire on her face was real and not for the camera. "I want to see that pretty face between my thighs!"
"I aim to please!" Jake laughed as he kicked off his shoes and took a minute to pull his socks off.
When he went to push his jeans down, she shook her head. "Let me do that, I don't want to see that big cock until I'm ready to suck it."
"Wow," Jake whistled. "You aren't shy, are you?"
"I'm not one of those little girls you bang in school, kid," She slowly ran her pink tongue over her ruby coated lips. "You're fucking a real woman now."
"Yes, ma'am!" Jake crawled onto the bed and gave each of her thighs a soft kiss.
He followed that up with a soft playful slap that made her thigh jiggle and smiled.
"Real women have real thighs."
Dana experienced a brief a moment of insecurity that her body wasn't as tight and supple as it was in her heyday, but it faded when Jake moved her hand from her pussy and blew lightly on her throbbing clit.
"Don't tease!" she wriggled her hips, lifting her pussy into his face.
"Can't believe you were waiting outside for me." Jake spread her pussy wide, and flicked his tongue lightly across her clit, sending an electric shock of pleasure through her.
"I'm done waiting, eat my cunt before I sit on your damn face!" Dana grabbed his head as she had when he sucked her tits, and holding him still, thrust her wet slit into his face.
Jake groaned into her hot flesh, then plunged his tongue inside it.
"Yes!" Dana exclaimed as he wiggled his tongue inside her sopping twat. "See how wet I am for you, baby?"
Jake's reply was to suck hard, and she gasped when she felt her juices spurt into his eager mouth. He swirled his tongue inside her and the look of pure bliss in his deep blue eyes had her hips rocking, helping him fuck her with his rigid tongue.
Jake slid his tongue from within her, and she grunted in pleasure when it was replaced by two of his long fingers. He pumped them slowly as he teased his tongue around the wet folds of her yearning pussy, her body tensing as she waited for him to find her clit. When he did, he teased a fast circle around it then sucked it hard enough to make her gasp.
"Put another finger inside," she moaned as he alternately licked and sucked her swollen pink nub.
Jake did as told and Dana's eyes rolled back as her pussy spread around his thrusting fingers. Removing her hand from his hair, she cupped her breasts, and teased her nipples with her thumbs.
For the next few minutes, the room was filled with her soft contented sighs along with an occasional slurping sound when Jake sucked her clit. He was skilled beyond his years, not just in the way his tongue played her clit like a fine-tuned instrument, but the fact he was taking his time.
Since her divorce, Dana had been enjoying what had previously been her fantasies during years as an unsatisfied wife, and that fantasy was younger men eager to please an older woman. Young, hot, hard, and without thinking they were calling the shots, and she was lucky to be with them like guys her age seemed to think.
One of the few drawbacks was they tended to be excitable and grabby, no patience, and she had to slow them down to enjoy them enjoying her. Usually, she'd let them just fuck her hard and fast, get off quick, and the second round would be slower and far more satisfying.
But Jake was taking his time between her soft, lush thighs, savoring the mature pussy that he was slowly bringing her to what, according to the way her thighs and body were trembling, was going to be one hell of an orgasm.
"Oh, just like that, honey," she encouraged. "You make this pussy purr and I'm going to give you a nasty little treat."
Jake made a show of tracing a deliciously slow figure eight over her clit. Dana's eyes left his talented tongue to wander down his well-muscled back and the black jeans which showed off what promised to be a great ass.
Having a good looking young stud kneeling between her legs and eating her reminded Dana that despite her problems, life was still good, and it didn't get much better than this. At least not until she felt his hard cock pounding into her needy cunt.
Dana lifted her long legs, draping them over his back, admiring how the black schoolgirl heels and white stockings looked against his skin. She gasped and her back arched off the bed when Jake buried his three fingers deep inside her and sucked her clit in a fast rhythm and with lip smacking gusto.
Dana released a low guttural growl and clamping her thighs around his head, reached over hers and grabbed the headboard. Using it as leverage, she lifted her hips, grinding her pussy into his face, wiggling back and forth, her body straining to come.
Jake pushed her over the edge when he pulled his fingers back and rammed them home while squeezing her clit between the fingers of his other hand and sucking it once more. Dana came like an animal, throwing her head back and howling in pleasure.
She caught Jake's eyes widen as she released a follow up wail that would shame a porn star as her hips worked in frantic circles, grinding her sticky wet flesh into his now flickering tongue. Dana squeezed the rungs of the headboard hard enough to make her knuckles pop as her pussy convulsed around his fingers and her body exploded into the intense orgasm she anticipated.
She dug her heels into his shoulders and felt him grunt into her pussy as they gouged into his skin, but she didn't feel bad, she was prepared to more than make it up to him. Her first long squeals turned into a series of sharp little yips as waves of pleasure crashed through her body.
When the last tremors of orgasm flowed through her, she dropped her legs from him, releasing him from where he'd been trapped between her thighs, and sighed.
"That was so good, honey, someone taught you well."
"I like older women," he grinned as he sat up on his knees between her legs.
His face was red and glistening and despite the strong orgasm she'd just enjoyed, her lust was unabated and would be until she got the fucking she so needed, but first, she had to have that dick in her mouth.
She sat up and with a smile, told him. "Stand up on the bed."
With a look of anticipation that sent another wave of heat through her still quivering twat, Jake rose slowly to his feet, putting his hands on her shoulders to steady himself on the soft mattress. As soon as he was standing over her, Dana grabbed his jeans and boxers and yanked them down his hips.
The second his cock sprang free it was in her hand, then in her mouth.
"Fuck!" Jake gasped as Dana took him deep, her tongue sliding across his shaft as she opened wider, and effortlessly took his full length.
She looked up at him, her lips pressed around his shaft and winked when she slid her tongue out and caressed his balls with it.
"Oh my god," Jake moaned when she played with his balls while keeping him buried in her mouth.
His salty pre-cum slid down her throat and she moaned around his hard flesh, her eyes rolling back at the feeling of having her mouth stuffed with young cock. She shook her head back and forth, working the sensitive tip around in her warm wet mouth and Jake's moan, as well as the way his balls tightened in her hand added to her excitement.
She worked her mouth backwards, until just the tip was between her lips. After giving him a quick hard suck that filled her mouth with more pre-cum. She paused, loving the way his legs trembled in anticipation.
Dana released his cock and pinning it to his stomach sucked on his swollen balls, getting another groan of surprised pleasure from him as she gently sucked on each in turn while stroking his now slick shaft.
She switched to licking his balls, bathing them with her soft tongue as her eyes remained on his. Done with teasing herself, Dana licked up the length of this shaft, opened wide and went to work.
Jack moaned and his fingers tightened on her shoulders, as Dana bobbed her head rapidly, taking him a little more than halfway each time. She sighed and closed her eyes as she reveled in the act of blowing a kid she'd met less than four hours ago and barely spoken to.
As she did in all her recent cougar cub encounters, Dana imagined Ben, the conceited asshole who thought 'dirty' was doing it doggy style once every few months. He was a boring selfish lover as well as being a possessive jerk she'd wasted years of her prime with and was too naïve to realize it.
She fantasized about sending him pictures of her blowing or fucking a young stud, but would never do it because the a-hole would put it on the damn net. But just thinking of the look on his normally smug face while he watched her fuck a boy not only half his age, but twice the lover.
Dana tickled and caressed Jake's tight balls while she steadily blew him and moaned as his hips were now rocking in time with her sucking, thrusting into her descending mouth. His hands were still on her shoulders and releasing his cock, she smiled up at him and held up her pigtails which she'd left in for an extra thrill.
"Really? I have these and you're not using them?"
Jake took them in his hands and held them as she briefly went back to sucking his cock. When she realized he either had no clue, or was just afraid of being to forward, she stopped sucking and sighed.
"That's all you're going to do? Just hold them?"
"I..." for the first time he looked hesitant.
"Just pull them and use them to fuck my mouth," she said bluntly, and took him into her mouth, but remained still, waiting for him.
There was a moment of uncertainly in his eyes, but when she raised her eyebrows at him, he gave her a wicked smile, and yanked her head forward. Dana squealed around his cock as he plunged it so deep into her mouth his balls slapped her chin.
Jake turned himself loose, holding her hair tightly as he worked his hips, fucking her mouth with long hard strokes that had her nipples aching, her clit once again throbbing and her eyes watering from having his long thick cock pounded into the back of her throat.
Dana opened her mouth wider, emitting gurgling gagging sounds as he face fucked her. Spit and pre-cum were flowing out of the sides of her mouth and down her chin. She moaned when it dripped onto her tits, sliding across her nipples.
She placed her hands on his chest, and he gasped when she gave his nipples a hard pinch as he continued his welcome assault on her mouth. She raked her nails along his chest and stomach causing his breath to hiss between his teeth.
Dana caught movement out of the corner of her eyes and shifted her gaze to the left. She moaned at the sight of their reflection on the mirror on his closet door. Her topless, her face beet red and tears flowing down her cheeks as he force fed her his impressive cock.
She cupped her tits, playing with her nipples, her hips grinding in anticipation of having this cock between her other lips.
"Oh!" Jake moaned, his hips moving faster. "I have to stop, I'm going to...oh, shit!"
He had stopped moving his hips and pulled back, trying to remove his cock from her mouth, but Dana wanted the sticky warm reward for her efforts. Wrapping her arms around his hips, she held him still as she resumed sucking, this time as fast as she could, blowing him as if it were a competition, and one she wouldn't lose.
Jake lasted less than a minute before his hands tightened in her hair and he emitted a low moan. His cock twitched in her mouth and she whimpered in pleasure at the first warm jet of cum striking the back of her mouth and sliding down her throat.
She cupped his balls while grabbing his cock and jerking him into her mouth while she sucked on his spurting tip, eagerly swallowing each squirt that erupted into her mouth.
"Jesus!" Jake groaned as she squeezed his balls and twisted her hand when she reached the top part of his shaft, trying to wring every drop she could from him.
"Oh, fuck," he moaned when she couldn't coax anymore from him.
"That's what we're going to do." She yanked his pants down to his ankles, then sprawled back on the bed, her legs open. "Fuck me!"
"I just came," he looked confused.
"You're still hard and if you shove it inside me and fuck me, you'll stay that way!" She laughed. "Let's see that youth and enthusiasm!"
Jake dropped to his knees, and keeping his pants around his ankles, slid up between her legs, his still oozing cock inches from her aching cunt.
"Shit!" He leaned over towards the nightstand. "I need a..."
"Just fuck me bareback!" She demanded. "I want to feel that cock inside me."
Jake looked dubious, but she didn't give him a choice. Reaching between her legs, she grabbed his cock, and thrusting her hips upwards, eased him inside her.
"Damn, you're wild!" Jake whispered, but plunged his still hard cock balls deep inside her.
"Got a lot of time to make up for." She opened her mouth and wagged her tongue at him, showing off the puddle of cum, she hadn't swallowed yet.
Jake's eyes widened and he took his excitement out on her, fucking her with the same long hard strokes he'd used on her mouth.
"Fuck yeah!" She cried out. "Give it me harder!"
Jake leaned over, placing his hands by her head and groaned as he fucked her harder. Dana knew his cock was still sensitive from just having cum, and elicited a whimper from him when she contracted her pussy around him.
Drawing her legs back, Dana hooked her arms around them, pulling them as far back as she could, and allowing him to drive deeper into her.
"Hot," Jake whispered in between thrusts. "So fucking hot!"
Dana had to agree as she stared up at her feet which were now above her head as she shamelessly opened herself to him as much as she could. The bed rocked and squeaked as Jake tore into her just the way she'd hoped he would.
Her tits bounced wildly and she yelped each time his cock drove home inside of her wet twat. She released her legs, draping her ankles over his shoulders, and grabbing his hips, held them as he thrust into her.
"Fuck, honey you're still so hard!" She moaned. "Keep going, keep fucking me! Please keep fucking me! I need it so bad!"
To her dismay, Jake slowed his thrusts, then pulled out of her.
"What are you..."
It was her turn to be surprised when he slipped her legs from his shoulders, and grabbing her hips, rolled her onto her side.
"Oh, hell yeah!" Dana laughed as she rolled onto her stomach.
She drew her knees up beneath her and put her ass in the air for him. She cried out when he gave her ass a hard slap on each cheek, before spreading them and slamming his cock home.
"So fucking deep!" Dana howled as he took her so hard the headboard banged against the wall and the bed sounded as if it were about to give way. She lifted her head and shook it, causing the pigtails to bounce around. "Grab them!"
This time Jake didn't hesitate. He grabbed her hair, pulling her head up and holding them tight as he resumed plundering her grateful pussy from behind. Dana grabbed the headboard again, yelping loudly as Jake gave her the hardest fucking she'd had in years.
He was far more confident than the other young guys she'd had, and she didn't doubt for a second she wasn't the first older woman he'd fucked. Dana sought out the mirror once more and watched him taking her from behind like the wanton slut she'd longed to be the last few years.
The added thrill of watching had her right arm moving beneath her, her fingers finding her once swollen clit and rubbing it as Jake used her hair for handlebars, while giving her a fucking that was so hard it bordered on brutal.
Dana wouldn't have it any other way and despite having come not long ago and barely playing with her clit for more than a minute, she felt her body tensing for another explosion. Behind her, Jake was breathing hard and his strokes becoming shorter and more desperate.
"Hold on, baby!" She cried out. "I want to come on that cock! I want to..." her words turned into a high pitched whimper that quickly escalated into another long loud wail as her body exploded.
Behind her, Jake moaned with each thrust as she drove her hips back into him, pushing his cock deeper into her convulsing pussy. She could tell by his frenzied thrusts and loud breathing he was at the edge and slipping her hand further back, she cupped his balls the next time he thrust into her.
She rubbed them as he gave her a few more savage pumps before whipping his cock out.
"Hmm, I love that!" Dana sighed as he sprayed her lower back and the cheeks of her ass with his hot cum.
Jake stroked himself as she lowered her ass, allowing him to keep painting it even when after several squirts the last of it was barely a dribble. Still a big load seeing it was his second time in a few minutes.
Her pussy still quivering, Dana straightened her legs, so she was lying on her stomach, fighting to catch her breath.
"Goddamn!" Jake fell onto his back beside her, his face as red as hers. "Holy fuck that was intense."
"Yes, it was." She gave him a satisfied smile as his sticky cum slid down her ass and onto her inner thighs. "Damn you fucked me good."
"Feels more like you fucked me," he laughed. "That's what I call hardcore sex."
"Hmm," she reached over and teased her nails down his stomach. "Know what I call it?"
"What?"
She grabbed his still dripping semi-hard cock and smiled. "Round one."
Chapter Three
Dana sat in the small waiting room of Beautiful You Modeling Agency, trying to focus on the Vogue magazine in her hands and not think about anything else. It was a losing effort, beginning with the recurring thought that had she stayed in the business and kept getting bigger who's to say it couldn't have been her in the magazine she held in her hands?
Instead, she'd chosen the path of being a 'good wife' working a mindless dead-end job that left her with no real skills that could support her, and the house she desperately wanted to buy Ben out of in the next few months.
Now she was using her best attribute, her looks and her still impressive body, to work tips at a poor man's gentlemen's club that couldn't get the licensing for nudes and settled for waitresses in trashy outfits.
Dana put the magazine down and picked up her updated portfolio. The majority of it contained her work from fifteen years ago but had some shots from two days ago that Burt had printed in record time.
She frowned at the shots of her in the suit which featured a traditional blazer and white blouse beneath it, but a short skirt and black heels that were far from professional. 'Business Sexy' Burt dubbed the look.
Dana looked stiff and nervous in the shots, her poses as obviously forced as her smile rather than being relaxed and natural. The pictures of her in the sun dress were a little better, and in one of them she saw the playful smile she'd been going for, but the rest were as bad as the suit shots.
The last half dozen were the school girl ensemble and her lips twisted into a wry smile at how different her demeanor was. There was a great teasing flirty smile on the first couple, but the rest her face was a mask of genuine desire bordering on outright lust when she got Jake involved in them.
Like Burt, Ellen knew the effect the camera used to have on her, and they'd both see it on full display here after all these years. Jake had gotten to see it in person for several hours until even at his age, and with her persuasive mouth, he couldn't get it up to fuck her a fourth time.
At that point, she'd done what she'd had to the previous young men she'd hooked up with. She'd given him a quick kiss, gotten dressed and headed out the door, refusing to give her number or address to Jake, and outright telling him she was a one and done deal.
He'd looked put off, but fact was she'd put out and in grand style and in her mind would like to think she'd been the ride of his young life up to this point. He'd get over it, and she'd be all over another guy like him as soon as she had her next night off to go on the prowl.
"Miss Darling?"
Dana looked up at the sound of her maiden name, which she'd been happy to go back to since becoming legally separated from Ben.
"Ellen will see you now," the pretty young receptionist gestured with her arm. "Right this way."
Dana rose from her seat, and followed the receptionist, reflexively smoothing the front of the plain, borderline severe black dress she wore. The rest of her matched what she hoped was a 'I'm ready for business' look. Plain, but expensive black pumps, her long hair pinned up, and her make up on the lighter side.
Not that Ellen hadn't seen her close to nude back in the day in lingerie shoots, and was familiar with her more playful work, but Dana was older now and wanted to show up looking the part of a mature woman, not the carefree young girl she'd been when she'd first met her twenty years ago.
It was sad their 'relationship' had been limited to Facebook posts and a phone call every few months, but it was hard to keep in touch while doing it mostly behind Ben's back. Dana felt a wave of not just frustration that she'd let herself be controlled like that but shame she hadn't stood up to him and stayed close to Burt and Ellen who had done so much for her in every aspect of her life before him.
"Look what the cat dragged in!" Ellen exclaimed from the doorway of her office where she was waiting. "Dana Darling in the flesh!"
"Little more flesh than their used to be," Dana shrugged. "But...whoa!"
She gasped when Ellen threw herself at her and wrapped her arms around her.
"It is so good to see you!" She yelled in her ear making her wince. "It's been way too long!"
"It has," Dana returned the hug, fighting not to tear up as the receptionist smiled and walked back down towards the waiting room. "And I'm so sorry about that, Ellen. I was a real..."
"Was is past tense, you're here now." Ellen eased back, but took her hands in hers, smiling away at her. "Always forward never backward, right?"
"Right Burt."
"It was about the only quotable thing he ever said," Ellen grinned. "Or the least profane anyway." She turned and walked over to her large desk, gesturing at one of the leather chairs in front of it.
"You look good, Dana," Ellen said as she sat down. "I mean that personally and professionally, you've held up over the years."
"Thanks, I think."
"You're older and more mature. You still have those gorgeous cheekbones and those doe eyes you can play sweet or sassy."
Ellen sat back and looked her up and down with a practiced eye.
"You're bodies a little thicker, but that's perfect in the sense that..."
"I look like a real woman. Burt gave me the yoga pants crowd can be a turn off for some ads speel."
"He's right," Ellen rolled her blue eyes. "The miserable old prick is right about almost everything, but it's not like we can admit that to him."
"Have you had a chance to look at the pictures he took?" Dana asked, trying not to sound as anxious as she felt.
"Before we get to that, how are you doing? How's it feel to be single again and out from under his thumb?"
"If it weren't for finances it would feel pretty good." Dana frowned. "But you know the story, no skills other than modeling, and I made shit money at a job anyone could do. Now I suddenly get laid off because the owner is one of Ben's clients and I can't find a job that will pay anywhere near what I need to make."
"I heard you're waitressing?"
"That's a nice way to put it." Dana grunted. "What I'm really doing is shaking my ass in front of a bunch of wall street and white collar wannabes who smoke cigars and drink overpriced wine and scotch"
"A gentlemen's club," Ellen nodded. "Couldn't be more inappropriately named. Bunch of assholes who've gotten tossed out of all the strip clubs, or their wives won't let them go."
"Because they probably met their wives at a strip club. Sugar daddy type galore in that place." Dana explained.
"Maybe that's what you need."
"A sugar daddy to me would be sixty five." Dana scowled. "Besides, that's what Ben was when it came down to it. Yeah, I had a job, but I was a trophy wife who let him control me. Until I got a little too old, and he started banging the tarts his firm hires."
"Sorry," Ellen put her hand up. "I didn't mean to upset you."
"Not your fault, its mine. I chose to live that way."
"And now you've chosen not to." Ellen smiled encouragingly. "I'm glad you're back to the old you."
"The old me is trying to go back to being the young me is more like it. Modeling was my calling, and I should have stuck with it."
"I remember when I first met you, you said even your name was made for modeling, Dana Darling."
"Burt said that name was made for porn." Dana chuckled.
"Porn," Ellen repeated, her face turning serious.
"Something wrong?" Dana asked when Ellen remained silent giving her an odd look.
"Oh, no, just thinking about something. Got a lot going on," she laughed, but it sounded forced this time. "Friggin Burt, the stereo type dirty old man."
"Now, yes, back then we just called him a pig," Dana reminded her.
"True, but for all his off color jokes and comments he was always a pro and never took advantage of young women the way some of those sleazebags at other agencies did."
"Ellen, I don't mean to be pushy, and I really want to get together and catch up and start spending time together like we used to, but for now, what did you think of the shoot?"
Ellen nodded. "You're not being pushy, I know this is important."
She picked up a black folder from the desk and leaning back opened it and flipped through the pictures.
"First two shoots are boring both for you and Burt. Really can't get any more standard."
"I know, he was just trying to get me comfortable."
"The last set is great, your poses, the facial expressions, the passion, it's all there like you never lost a beat."
"Thank you!" Dana beamed.
"You go from playful to outright seductive." Ellen paused then smiled. "Never to be old to be naughty is what this would say in the right ad."
"You think you have the right ad?"
"Course being that I know the old you, I can't help thinking this good looking young guy is what you were playing too far more than the camera." Ellen stared over the folder at her.
"Well," Dana's eyes avoided hers. "I guess he didn't hurt."
"Even if he did, I'll assume it was a good pain."
"Excuse me?"
"Fifteen years away didn't teach you anything, did it?" Ellen sighed. "That kid was running his mouth to Burt yesterday about how you waited for him, and even kept the schoolgirl outfit on."
"Great," Dana felt her face burning. "Guess it doesn't matter how old or young they are, boys will be boys."
"And most boys talk, which I'd think you'd know by now." Ellen put the folder down and leaned forward, clasping her hands in front of her. "Or at this point do you just not care?"
"We're legally separated with the divorce in process, it's not going to hurt my case if that's what you're asking?" Dana explained.
"I was thinking more in line with making up for lost time and maybe getting some payback by screwing kids half your age, like Ben did."
"Trust me, he doesn't care. He would have had to care about me as something other than a possession to care who's fucking me these days."
"Making up for lost time then?" Ellen pressed.
"Why are we talking about this?" Dana asked. "We can get together for a drink and talk about my sex life and everything else then. Right now..."
"Because your sex life was directly tied to your career before, and even a little after you started working for me."
"That was a long time ago," Dana said defensively.
"Yet you fucked Jake after the shoot."
"You know him?" Her eyes narrowed. "You said 'that kid' earlier."
"Burt told me his name," Ellen gave her a wry smile. "Jake being there wasn't a coincidence, Burt planned it in case you needed a push to get back into the groove."
"That fucking prick!" Dana snapped.
"Was he wrong?" Ellen raised her blonde eyebrows. "The difference in you from pre-Jake on the set to once he was there is night and day."
"Point taken," Dana slumped back in her chair. "Burt always knew how to motivate all the girls."
"And with you, he knows the camera always brought out that side of you."
"Guess I'm still an exhibitionist at heart."
Dana tried not to think about how wet she was at work some nights when the guys were really checking her out. It wasn't as exciting as the camera where she could let her fantasies run wild, rather than see who was looking. But the fact it was still men desiring her and thinking of her fucking them, could get the same effect.
She wouldn't go home with one, no matter how worked up she got or how attractive the guy was, Dana knew it would be the end of the job. He'd come back, talk to the other patrons, tell them what a wild ride she was...not shitting where you ate was the first thing Burt, then Ellen, drilled into her when she started working with them.
But the nights she left at midnight and didn't have to stay until close found her at clubs or bars looking for a young guy who was looking at her.
"I think we both know you're more than that," Ellen spoke as if she'd read her mind. "Exhibitionists leave it at showing off for someone, you invite that someone or another someone back for a party, and like that cheesy ass song goes that after party is at your body."
"I didn't think I was coming here to be judged with what I do with my personal time." Dana stiffened. "I'm newly single and making up for spending a long time with one man. A man who kept our sex life vanilla because he was so insecure, he felt if he let me cut loose he couldn't keep up and it would upset his fragile male ego."
"Too bad that talk wasn't there in the beginning, you would have gotten out sooner." Ellen put her hand up when she saw the look on Dana's face. "Sorry, but you brought him up."
"Yeah, I need to stop doing that," Dana agreed. "But I don't know why we're fixated on sex. If you're worried that I'll go back to doing what I did before, I promise it won't happen."
"Happened yesterday."
"It did, but it was my first time, and I was overwhelmed. The way Jake looked at me brought all that back and I slipped up."
"Dana, this is the first time we've seen each other face to face since you started the divorce proceedings," Ellen began.
"I know, and I'm sorry. I was just ashamed of all but ignoring you for years and didn't feel like it was right to just show up on your doorstep like I'd been a good friend all along."
"You could have because I know good people make bad mistakes or have to do things other people don't understand." She gave Dana another weird smile as if there was more she wasn't saying. "No hard feelings, Dana, just glad you're back to being you and we can be us."
"I want that, I really do."
"What I was saying was you've called me a few times, and a couple of times you were pretty trashed."
"Was drinking a lot the first few weeks Ben was gone, just trying to cope," Dana sighed. "If you're worried about that, I haven't had a drink in a month and that's with working at a place that don't mind their girls a little 'relaxed' shall we say. Better for the customers who think we're for sale."
"I'm sure a few are, and you've had some offers." Ellen smirked.
"I have, but I'd never have sex for money, especially not with some asshole wearing an expensive suit, but acting like a frat boy."
"You'd never take money to do something you'd enjoy?" Ellen frowned, and Dana returned the look. Why would she have an issue with that answer?
"I sure as hell wouldn't enjoy it. If I wanted to have boring sex with an arrogant prick who thinks money makes him a man I'd have just stayed with Ben. Never mind the humiliation when the talky prick tells all his friends about the whore he paid to fuck him." She laughed harshly. "Like paying for it is something to brag about."
"Little bitter?" Ellen nodded. "Can't say I blame you, and trust me, you know I started out modeling. I've been through the propositions and casting couch games. But I'm kind of digressing."
"Feels like you're fishing," Dana countered. "Not sure for what, but this conversation is getting weird."
"Might get weirder depending on what we can work out." Before Dana could respond to another cryptic remark, she continued.
"Where I was going was you mentioned more than once you've been prowling the night scene like an over sexed cougar looking for her lucky cub du jour."
"Cub of the day? Try a few hours." Dana laughed, this time a real one. "They only have one thing I want, and it's not personality or conversation. I'm not dating, just fucking."
"And loving every minute of it."
"Why shouldn't I? I'm getting out years of sexual frustration, maybe a little revenge in a way, and just having a good time."
"Jake told Burt you were a hell of a good time, like a wildcat porn star was his exact quote. Even kept the shoes, skirt and tie on." Ellen grinned. "Hence the porn star comment I imagine."
"Seems like Burt let him keep talking," Dana scowled. "Pig."
"Nothing he didn't hear about you years ago."
"Okay," Dana put her hands up. "I appreciate Burt helping me out with a free shoot, and you taking a look to see what you can find for me, but I'm getting a little tired of discussing my past and present sex life."
"Maybe you'll change your mind on that." Ellen tapped the folder. "But okay, let's talk what I can do for you."
"Thank you."
"Nothing." Ellen sat back in the chair and folded her arms over her chest. "Absolutely nothing."
"I..." Dana blinked at how abrupt the answer was. "That simple?"
"Dana, modeling is always a crowded field, and you know that. These days the internet has made it even more so. Girls on twitter and snap and all other social media posting their pics to get attention and a lot of them are getting found that way."
"But Burt said you had a project for an older model, and I have experience and..."
"My firm, and the rest of the industry have plenty of older models. Its damn hard to break into this field when you're young, but when it comes to mature models, yesterday's girls are today's women."
"But..."
"I know, we're friends and you have a history, and the hope was I could get you a foot in the door."
"Feels like it was just slammed in my face." Dana groused.
"I run this agency, but I still have to get the clients to approve the model. These photos are nothing spectacular. You're a beautiful, sexy woman, Dana, but we have plenty, and nothing about you really stands out."
"But if I never left, I'd still be working."
"Most likely, but you can't keep dwelling on that." Ellen's face softened and she leaned forward and put her hand on Dana's where her arms were folded on the desk. "I still might be able to find you work, but it's going to take time, and won't be steady. Burt said you're in real deep shit financially?"
"I told you I was laid off and why. This cocktail waitress bullshit is barely keeping food on the house, the lights and heat on and my car on the road. I can't come close to the mortgage."
"Then sell the house in the divorce and get a big pay out." Ellen shrugged. "Ben has to split it with you."
"No." Dana's lips pressed in a hard line. "I love that house and he bought it because I wanted it. Ben never wanted kids and he was content to live in a nice condo. I wanted the picket fence and the garden and a nice home."
"You could rent a house and..."
"It's the only thing I ever felt was mine even though he paid for most of it, because he did it for me back when he actually cared about me. I let him take my career, my friends, any life that he didn't approve of." She lifted her head defiantly. "I'll be damned if he'll take my home."
"That's the Dana I've missed all these years!" Ellen clapped her hands. "But I'm confused about something. He made great money and made you leave a good paying job, what about alimony?"
"I waived it." Dana told her. "I don't want his goddamn money or for him saying he still takes care of me."
"Jesus, Dana, the guy cheated on you! You should be able to take him to the damn cleaners even without alimony."
"What cleaners? We never had kids, we each have a car that's paid off, I waived him paying me, all that's left is the house."
"Which he should be paying for while you just live there."
"Same as taking his money," Dana insisted.
"What's the plan then? You trying to buy him out?" Ellen shook her head. "That house could sell for a pretty penny, he must want half of that value."
"Nope. Whether it's out of guilt for cheating or knowing I might be able to force a better deal because of it, he's being reasonable."
"What's his definition of reasonable?" Ellen asked skeptically.
"He's waving equity and going by the balance on the house."
"Shouldn't it be mostly paid off? You guys bought it right when you got married."
"We took money out for a few improvements which is why the house is worth so much," Dana explained. "He also took some money out for that boat so he could look like a hot shot to his clients."
"What do you need? Maybe I can help?"
"We owe seventy. Ben drew something up that if I can pay him thirty five he walks away from the house."
"Goddamn, I couldn't lend you more than a few thousand." Ellen sighed.
"And I wouldn't take it and if I did, I couldn't pay it back." Dana grunted disgustedly. "He wants the thirty five in six months."
"That's ridiculous!"
"And his lawyer is saying it's ridiculous that he could force the sale and get a lot more, so its not a bad deal considering."
"You pay thirty five, while paying the mortgage, then you keep paying the mortgage afterwards?"
"Yes, but his name comes off the house when he gets his money." Dana tapped her long red nail on the desk. "But with the mortgage, taxes, utilities and crazy things like food, I don't make enough to afford that, never mind come up with that money."
"Can you borrow against the house?"
"Not without a job," she smiled ruefully. "That's the shady part of his generous offer, he made sure I'd lose the job."
"Too bad you can't prove that."
"Can't afford to pay someone who could dig up proof."
"Six months to make the sale price and keep the house up." Ellen whistled. "Wow, no modeling gig was going to pay you that much, Dana."
"But steady work might have gotten me a loan, maybe." She pressed her hands to her throbbing temples. "Pretty damn hopeless."
"Force the sale, take the payout."
"I want this damn house!" Dana snapped. "That smug prick is not going to win this, and me keeping the house is worth more than the money I'd make selling it." She slumped back in the chair.
"Besides, it will take time to sell, and I'd have to move and right now I don't even know if I can afford a damn apartment these days unless its tiny and in a crap neighborhood and I'd have to put all my grandmother's furniture in storage and..."
"How bad do you want the house, and this moral victory, Dana?" Ellen cut her off.
"So bad I can taste it."
"Funny choice of words."
"Why?"
Ellen again looked as if she wanted to say something but wasn't sure.
"What's going on, Ellen? You've been acting like you're keeping something from me."
"You remember when Russ and I got divorced four years ago, and he pushed me to buy him out of the business or sell it, just like Ben is doing with the house?"
"I do, and sorry I was a lousy friend and..."
"Forget that. Point is I came up with the money in a few months when I really had nothing. To this day neither Russ nor anyone else knows how I got it."
"Can I ask?"
"I'll tell you because of who we used to be to each other and who I hope we'll be from this point on, best friends."
"I'd love that, and that has nothing to do with money." Dan whispered, her throat tightening with sudden emotion.
"And because we're friends, I'll ask you don't judge me, and you'll hear me out."
"Of course."
"Only thing I'll say that sounds like a defense of my actions is I was in your shoes, Dana. Betrayed by my husband, and desperate to keep something dear to me. In my case I started this business and was naïve enough to put his name on it. I'd die before I'd let him keep making money on it or force me to sell off."
"I understand that." Dana nodded.
"Hopefully you understand enough to consider doing the same thing I did to come up with the money without being able to borrow and in secret."
"I can't imagine there's anything I won't do, as long as it's not going to get me tossed in jail." Dana added.
"It has its risks, but jail isn't one of them." Ellen told her.
"Are you going to fess up or what?" Dana forced a laugh to cover her anxiety.
"It is a confession, and you're the first person I'm telling what I did and what I can get you the chance to do."
"For fucks sake, Ellen, what did you do?"
Ellen paused again, but when Dana rolled her eyes, she spoke the words in a rush.
"I became a porn star."
Chapter Four
"What did you just say?" Dana's eyes widened.
"You heard me. I had a friend I modeled with when I was just out of college and she went into the porn industry. First mainstream, but then she created her own site and started directing as well as starring in them."
"You...made porn." Dana blinked. "Wow, I..."
"I know, it's a hard thing to swallow," she flashed a wry smile. "But I made good money swallowing some hard things."
"Ugh." Dana scrunched her face up.
"Ugh? You've been fucking kids half your age like it's a damn competition, but because I got paid to do it, its ugh?"
"Being a hooker would be just getting paid to do it." Dana was still trying to process Ellen's admission. "But porn? People filming you? Being with guys you don't know at all?"
"Sometimes more than one." Ellen winked. "With the right mindset and people, it can be fun."
"My God, Ellen, didn't you worry someone would recognize you?"
"I still think about that now, and it's been three years since I made one."
"Your divorce was five years ago." Dana gasped. "You did it for two years?"
"In two years I probably did about eighty shoots and made over a hundred grand." Ellen admitted. "Some of the scenes pay more than others and if you're willing you can shoot three times a week, sometimes more."
"Three a week." Dana repeated numbly.
"Even if you have your period there's always blow job and hand job stuff, hell I did a few foot job vids." Ellen shrugged. "They only pay a couple hundred, but..."
"Stop!" Dana put her hands up. "I can't believe what I'm hearing. I hope you're not stringing me along."
"I'm not, but you'll have to take my word for it. Not like I'm going to tell you any of the names I worked under or send you links."
"But they're all still out there? You didn't ask to pull them?"
"I did when I decided I'd made enough money and had gotten Beautiful You back to being successful enough I'd never want anyone to know. But while they were on the original site, they get pirated like anything else and there's thousands of sites. Once in a while I search and a few come up. I've given up trying to get them all removed."
"I can't believe you did it, and...if it was five years ago, you were forty six!"
"Thanks to Milf and Mommy porn you're never too old to start." Ellen laughed.
"Mommy?"
"Older women have two roles in porn, a plain sexy as fuck Milf sometimes as a professional woman, sometimes a friend's mom, sometimes a hot cougar on the prowl like you're doing for real.
"The other role is in incest porn as a mom or aunt."
"God, tell me you didn't do any of those!"
"Why not? They pay better than the others and it's not like the guy was my real son." Ellen shrugged. "Maybe since I don't have kids it doesn't seem so bad. That's another reason I took the chance. If I had kids, I would have never put them through that."
She pointed to Dana.
"You also have no kids and for the most part few friends over the last ten years, and you worked with mostly women, just how Ben liked it. Your odds of someone knowing you wouldn't be bad."
"Hold on, you're talking about this like I said I'd think about it," Dana protested.
"I want you to." Ellen smiled when she saw Dana looking more closely at her. "Picturing me doing it? You're not the only one who's aged well, you know." She stood up from behind the desk and stepped to the side, giving a slow twirl, as if for the camera.
For the first time since she'd entered, Dana took a good look at her former agent and longtime friend. Ellen was taller than Dana, and still possessed the athletic build she'd had since she'd broken into the business on the other side of the camera.
Ellen's black stocking clad legs protruding from her short one piece grey dress were long and despite being slender, well-shaped. Although never big on top, her breasts, which Dana had seen when looking at some nudes Ellen had done in her younger days, were perky and perfectly shaped.
She'd always worn flattering bras which propped what she had up well, and today was no different, with an enticing peek of cleavage visible from her tightly contained breasts.
Her pert, heart shaped ass, visible in the tight skirt was small enough that both cheeks were capable of being grabbed by one large hand. Before her mind's eye, a vision of that ass in the air with a pair of powerful hands on her slim hips fucking her appeared.
Ellen still wore her wavy blonde hair long and Dana pictured it across her back, maybe with the guy pulling on it as he pounded her. Her small tits would be bouncing fetchingly, and Ellen's wide baby blue eyes would be even wider from being fucked and staring into the camera, her perfect cupid bow lips parted as she moaned and squealed.
Dana blinked the image away when the unwanted thought of what would it be like to be naked and fucking in front of a camera fleetingly crossed her mind.
"I did color my hair and wear some wigs to make it look like I had short hair." Ellen spoke as she sat back down. "Being a model, I don't think I have to tell you different hair color and some heavier than usual make up can alter an appearance.
"Unless you're starring in the mainstream releases by big porn producers like Vivid, Tropic and others, and you're at the Jenna Jameson level, most guys would never recognize the average porn star."
"Depends on the guy, some watch way too much."
"True," Ellen admitted. "But milf stuff is mostly watched by younger guys or women who want to be the older woman in the scene. Older guys tend to go the other way with teen girls and daddy stuff."
"I can't do this, Ellen, for a variety of reasons."
"I'm sure the main reason is being exposed, I mean people knowing you, not the obvious exposure."
"That's a big one. "Hey, weren't you in Dana Darling Rides Again?"
"Great title, and I have to admit your maiden name is perfect."
"Perfect for them to google it and come up with my old modeling pics then porn." Dana mocked. "Wow, that Dana she fell on hard times, and hard things too!"
"Dana, your heyday was before social media really existed, but the name isn't the issue they let you make one up or suggest some to you."
"A lot of women have been outed and it doesn't go well for them."
"Dana, your parents are both gone, you didn't have kids and you never kept in touch with the few cousins you have. Who are you shaming?"
"Myself."
"Is it so shameful? Porn isn't the seedy drug riddled abusive exploitive industry it used to be." Ellen stopped. "Well, no there are still some shady studios, but a lot of porn is now done by small niche studios who film specific kinks and a ton of women are running their own sites and calling the shots.
"No one is forced to do anything or anyone they don't want to, at least not the woman I'd send you to. It's no longer filled with runaways and desperate drug addicts, a lot of the young starlets are in college, and the older women? They're making a killing with the stuff we just talked about."
"Ellen, I've never even done a full nude. Closest I came were some bikini shots where I was topless but had my hands or arms over my tits."
"And how excited were you on that shoot?"
"Very different, I didn't have a guy between my legs and someone filming him fucking me or me sucking his damn cock."
"Dana, we know what the camera does to you. You've told me in the past it's not just the camera, but your mind racing with guys looking at you and wishing they could have you."
"I know, but how you get me willing to be a porn star out of that is a stretch."
"Is it? Dana, you were a goddamn wild cat when you were young. You were unabashedly sexual and never worried what the men you fucked thought about you. You don't have an insecure bone in your body.
"And you picked up where you left off except you're targeting young guys because it's just sex no bullshit. It's not like you're shy about getting down and dirty."
"Big difference screwing a guy in a motel or his place and doing it in front of a film crew and then having it put out there for the entire damn net to see."
"If you allow yourself to think about it like that, there is." Ellen put her hands out. "Humor me for a minute. If you forget the who might see it aspect and stop at the filming?"
"You were probably soaking through your panties in that schoolgirl shoot with Jake. Imagine being naked, every inch of that magnificent body on display and fucking a young guy with a big cock right there in front of people? You can't tell me you wouldn't need to get yourself off if you kept thinking about it."
"In fantasy a lot of things are hot. Lot of women have rape fantasies, but they'd sure as hell never want it."
"Which is why they have videos. People can enjoy the kink without the risk."
"Because the porn stars are taking the risk." Dana laughed. "No, just the women, a guy gets outed he's a damn stud, the woman is always a whore."
"I'm not going to say porn is ever going to be seen as a good career choice, but sex workers get a lot more respect these days." Ellen shrugged. "Just saying."
"You can keep saying what you want. No goddamn way I'm doing it once, never mind how much I'd have to shoot to make what I need in a few months."
"I'm still good friends with Sylvia and I brought you up." She quickly put her hand up. "Not by name, just the situation and how similar it is to mine and how we're close friends. She's willing to give you an advance on shoots so that you could have the money on time."
"But then I'm obligated to do a lot of shoots."
"Yes, and when the predetermined amount is complete you can quit or keep going for a while like I did."
"You asked me here just to talk about this." Dana shook her head. "Talk about a bait and switch."
"Guilty, and now that I got around to telling you about porn to get what you need, I'll confess to the fact it was me that told Burt to make sure that kid was there. I wanted to see if the old Dana was there and she came shining through in these pics and more importantly, afterwards."
"Back to me being into sex translates into 'hey, let's plaster vids of me sucking dick all over the internet' being acceptable."
"You don't have to love it, and you don't have to do it. I'm telling you it worked for me, and you have no other option." Ellen tapped her chest. "Dana, I was nowhere near as sexually adventurous as you before I got married and my sex life wasn't much more exciting than yours.
"I know I'm attractive, even sexy, but to do that? I was shaking so bad they cancelled my first shoot and Sylvia sent me home and told me to think about it some more. I decided I couldn't let Russ win and came back and part of how I got through was picturing the look on his face if he ever saw his wife getting hammered by a nine inch cock attached to a twenty year old boy who looked like he lived at the gym.
"I started getting into it to where it became my sex life. I enjoyed the shoots. Sylvia will toss any guy with an attitude; she keeps the mood light and the scenes fun. She doesn't shoot fake non con or rough stuff, doesn't even do anal. Most of her shoots are geared towards women."
"What's that mean?" Dana was curious despite herself.
"Lot of sites are hole to hole porn. Guy doesn't even touch a girl's tit, she sucks and they go around the world. Her stuff features some kissing, undressing and the guy's go down on the women and try to get them off for real, it's like a challenge."
"This is where you tell me porn stars really like it?"
"Some don't. they just play the part, some get into it. Honestly? My first couple of scenes I faked it, but once I got used to it, I came during almost every shoot." She laughed. "Like I said, it was my sex life, and talk about drama free. The guys can't say anything, most of them have other jobs or families too, so there's no fuck and tells running around."
"Despite you thinking the lens turns me into super slut, I can't see it happening." Dana insisted. "Never mind as much as I'd need to do."
"Burt wasn't lying when he said I had a project in mind for you."
"What is it? Dana does everyone?" She waved her hand dismissively.
"Most porn today isn't full length movies. Most sites now do half hour or so clips that all have a theme, for example Naughty At Work is all office themed sex scenes."
"Were you naughty at work?" Dana smirked.
"Go fish."
"You think I should do this, but you're so ashamed you won't tell me anything you did?" She raised her eyebrows as if daring her.
"I didn't say it's not embarrassing to some extent. You know me so I'd feel awkward if I thought you were going to run off and look me up."
"I probably would," Dana sighed. "Be like driving by an accident, shouldn't look, but can't help it."
"I did a bunch of women seducing their son's friends' videos. It was a fun theme because the guys had to play shy. The ones who were good at it really got me going."
"Okay key word searches, friend's hot mom," Dana winked.
"You'll get about 5000 results and I'm not joking. People think the net guarantees you'll be seen. They forget how vast it is and how much porn is out there, the odds of being recognized are actually pretty slim."
"Don't worry, I'm not going to look." Even as she said it, Dana wondered if she would or not because it would be an interesting taboo to watch Ellen 'in action'.
"Sylvia started a new category two years ago, and it's called the Next Milf Porn Star. The premise is it's a 100% bona fide amateur and it's their first ever shoot. From an interview to some stripping, up to the first full out session."
"One of those alleged reality sites?" Dana scoffed. "I don't watch a lot of porn, but I've seen those before and oh, look that woman is a known name that's been in twenty other movies."
"Not this one. Sylvia charges a lot for access to these videos, and she has a guarantee that if you can find a porn vid with that woman that predates hers, you get lifetime memberships to all her sites and a thousand dollars."
"Someone could lie to her."
"She knows how to research, and being in the industry for twenty-five years, she knows a real newbie when she sees them."
"Whatever, it's not the theme that matters it's the act itself that I'm going to take a pass on."
"You sure? I think you'd be one of the women who like it, and how else are you getting the money?"
"I don't know, but no amount of money is worth taking a damn money shot for the pervs of the world to see."
"Okay, well if you change your mind call me, so I can let her know you're going to call her." Ellen picked up a post it and wrote on it. "This is the link to her talent agency."
"Talent," Dana rolled her eyes. "Like fucking and sucking is a damn skill?"
"It's the ability to do it on film that's the skill, not to mention there are men and women out there who suck in bed," she sighed. "We managed to marry two of them."
"Touche'" Dana took the post it and put it in her purse even though she knew she'd never look at the site.
"I have an appointment coming in soon," Ellen told her. "We need to set up a time to catch dinner and a couple of drinks."
"Sounds good, and sorry if I don't seem appreciative of what you told me and offered to me, but it's a little too much for me."
"It's an open invitation, the site and Sylvia aren't going anywhere." Ellen snapped her fingers. "Oh, there's one thing I forgot to mention."
"What's that?"
"That because the site insists on a real first timer, they pay pretty well."
"I have no idea what any of it pays."
"One on one with a guy about a thousand, maybe a bit more."
"Hey, only thirty five shoots for my goal!" Dana clapped. "Instead of a go fund me we could call it a come fuck me!"
"That was good, even though it was sarcastic." Ellen complemented her. "But just to let you know Beth pays a lot more for Next Milf Porn Star."
"Like what? $1500?"
"No," Ellen replied with no trace of a smile. "Try up to ten grand."
Chapter Five
"Hear you go, gentlemen," Dana smiled as she walked up to the four men sitting at one of the tables in the section she was handling tonight. "Four glasses of Jameson and your cigars."
Dana deftly plucked the glasses from the tray balanced in her left hand, putting one in front of each customer, then adding the $150 cigars next to them. The four were the typical self-important putzes she dealt with every night.
Their suits, although not cheap, weren't quite the quality that warranted tossing that much money on a cigar, but she imagined they were all playing the look at me game with the others with none of them willing to stay within their means.
Dana deliberately leaned further over the table than she had to, allowing the two men on that side a good view at her substantial cleavage, and the men she was leaning between a peek at the cheeks of her ass as the short schoolgirl skirt rose as she bent over.
She'd worn the outfit Burt had let her have after the shoot because even though he gave it to her to bust her chops it was sexy and revealing and right up the alley of the clientele. She'd even gone with tying the shirt as she had for the shoot to show off more of her breasts which were barely contained in the lace bra she wore beneath it.
Dana had forgone the white cotton panties because even though they fit the ensemble, they didn't show as much of her ass as the white thong she'd replaced them with. Her heels were different too, much higher than the originals, but she'd kept the white knee high stockings
Her hair, back in the pig tails tickled her face as she leaned over and she gave her head a flirty toss while flashing her best tip working smile.
"You're supposed to be a schoolgirl?" The one who'd ordered the latest round asked. "You look more like the principle."
"Only as old as you feel." Dana forced herself to smile rather than take the bait on the dig.
"Be cool, Joe," One of the others said. "And get it right. Private schools didn't have principles they have head mistresses." He leered at Dana. "You the head mistress?"
"Nah, she's wearing white stockings. We'd be able to see the dirt on her knees." The guy to her light laughed. "Or do you just sit down and make them stand?"
"Will that be all for now, gentlemen?" Dana asked, keeping the tray close to her and over her hands so they couldn't notice them shaking from the desire to hit one of them with it.
"You didn't answer me," Joe picked up his cigar and clipped it with a gold cigar cutter Dana was sure was plated and not real. "You playing naughty school girl?"
"Just a fun outfit," She managed another smile. "We're all about our clients having fun here."
"You look like you might have been fun twenty years ago, now you just look desperate." Joe sneered at her. "You look more like the slutty mom who showed up to blow the principle, so he doesn't suspend her trailer trash daughter."
"Jeez, Joe." The man who'd remained silent so far spoke up. "Chill out, man, you don't have to be nasty."
"I'm dropping good money here and I see hot little tarts all over the place, but we get this has been?" he sat back and smirked at her. "What's the matter, honey, they throw you out of the strip club because your tits are too saggy?"
"I'm sorry." The other man plucked a twenty from his pocket and handed it to her. "Here's a little something for putting up with him."
Before Dana could take it, Joe snatched it from the man's hand.
"You want it, earn it." He pointed to the guy who was staring at his empty hand. "Twenty's about what you're probably worth these days. Bet there's a lot of miles on that loose twat."
"There a problem over here?"
Dana stepped back, as Jim, one of the bouncers came over.
"Yeah, there is." Joe stared up at him belligerently. "I don't come here to stare at women my damn wife's age. Send over one of those luscious little cuties and get the desperate housewife out of here."
Dana waited for Jim to put him in his place, but to her dismay, he gently grabbed her elbow and turning her around, walked her away from the table.
"Thanks for having my back," she pulled her arm away from him.
"Sorry, but that prick's father is a big shot." Jim told her. "Calling him a d-bag is an insult to D-bags, but Gabe has to put up with him."
"Then get one of the other girls to switch because I go back there, I'll cut his damn finger off with that cigar cutter."
"I will, and I'm sorry." They'd reached the bar and he let her arm go. "You know for what it's worth, I think you're hot as hell."
"That's sweet, I think." Dana laughed, and as she always did when he was in her line of sight looked him up and down.
Tall, broad shouldered, with a shaved head and piercing green eyes, Jim was as hot as he claimed he thought she was, and he'd been the subject of more than one wet dream since she'd met him. Throw in the fact that at twenty-four he was right in her sexual wheelhouse he screamed Dana in every way, and she'd love to be screaming for him.
But they worked together and even with her recently awakened sexual appetite, she knew that was a big mistake.
"I'm not sweet, and neither are you." Jim smiled down at her from his imposing height. "When you and me going to go get a real drink and have some fun?"
"Sorry, Jim. I'm old enough to know better than to shit where I eat."
"I like that you're old enough to know a lot of things." His eyes roamed up and down her body. "Those idiots only want young girls because they can't handle a real woman."
"You think you can?" Dana teased as she resisted the urge to squirm due to the moist heat growing between her thighs.
"I'll give it my best, ma'am," he laughed.
"I like that," she resisted the urge to lick her lips. "But you'll have to settle for banging your girl of the week and thinking about me."
"Maybe I'll buy a schoolgirl skirt for the next one."
"Maybe I'll give you this one." Dana continued the game, happy to forget about the jack ass from a couple of minutes ago.
"How about the thong instead?" Jim asked. "Just take it off after the shift and give it to me."
"Honey if your face is going to be in my thong it's because I'm still wearing it."
"Promises, promises," Jim sighed dramatically and wandered off.
"Table four's drinks are up." Mandy, the bartender, her young lithe body barely concealed in a minimal French maid outfit spoke behind her.
Dana put her tray down and reached for the drinks, but stopped when Cindy, another waitress came up to her. "I'll take care of them; Gabe wants to see you in the back."
"Yeah, but..."
"Don't worry, I'll give you whatever they tip." Cindy assured her. "Better get going, you know what a bitch Gabe is when someone takes more than a minute to get back to him."
"Bet all it takes with that slob is a minute," Dana muttered as she walked off to the sound of Cindy laughing at her joke.
Dana made her way across the club, taking note of the guys checking out her legs as she walked by. The thrill of being ogled, even by pretentious dogs in heat like this, never failed to turn her on.
Not that she wanted any of them, for any price, because Ellen was right, she'd been propositioned several times, in her brief time here, but the fact they wanted her was a constant source of excitement.
To her chagrin, her conversation with Ellen kept coming back to her as she'd worked. Dana wondered what it would be like to not just be naked, but wantonly fucking in front of an entire film crew.
Sucking cock, fucking in multiple positions, probably finishing by getting a load sprayed all over her face or tits. She had to admit that when kept in the confines of a fantasy it was hot as hell. So was the idea that countless men, and maybe some women, who didn't know her would watch it and masturbate to her, or maybe take their arousal out on their lover, fucking her senseless while wishing it was Dana Darling, hot milf porn star.
"Yeah, right." Dana mumbled to herself. "More like broke desperate not to be homeless midlife crisis cougar wanna be."
She slipped behind the second bar located on the other side of the club and walked down the short narrow hallway that led to Gabe's office. The door war partially opened, but she knocked anyway.
"Hey, Gabe, you wanted to see me?"
"Yeah, come on in." His gravelly voice called out.
She entered to see the manager of Mario's sitting behind his desk wearing a white wife beater, a pitcher of beer to his right and a plate of buffalo wings in front of him.
Gabe was a large man with watery brown eyes and jowls that reminded her of a Saint Bernard. He resembled Burt in the sense of being a grouchy insensitive sounding dickhead, but it was mostly an act as he was decent with the staff and had done many of the long-time workers personal favors over the years and was always willing to try and fix a problem.
"What's going on? I have to get back out there, my section is full."
"I know but have a seat."
Dana didn't like his tone, mostly because there was none of the usual attitude or sarcasm that was the bulk of most of the conversations, he had with her and everyone else. He spoke softly and didn't have the perpetually annoyed look on his face that everyone figured was his permanent expression.
"What's up? I do something wrong?"
"Not on purpose." He picked up the pitcher and poured some beer into the half full mug next to his plate. "But we have a problem."
"Like what?" Dana's stomach tightened.
"Got a complaint from a high roller."
"About me? I'm always good to the customers."
"This just happened, and you know who it was."
"That asshole Joe? The one that was rude to me for no damn reason?" Dana asked. "Christ that was like five minutes ago."
"He called Ross as soon as Jim walked you away from the table and bitched about you being too old."
"Are you kidding me?"
"Look, Dana, I like you, and I don't think how old you are should matter. You're plenty sexy enough to work here. Hell, you put some of the younger girls to shame. They should hope they look half as good as you when they hit forty."
"What are you getting at with this?"
"We've had a couple other losers make the same complaint. These guys are all sugar daddy types and when they're out here acting like spacones they want to see barely legal tits and ass."
"I never heard about that."
"Because I ignored it. But Joe's the son of a guy who really is a bigshot banker type. He handles Ross's investments and holds the note on the club. He told Ross if he doesn't let you go, he's going to daddy and telling him."
"Gabe, that's serious fucking discrimination!"
"I guess, but let's face it, Dana, at a job like this equal opportunity isn't a thing. A two hundred pound woman with acne shows up here, we can't hire her, and you know why. Shit, look at me. Could I apply to be a male dancer and cry foul if I don't get the job?"
"Gabe, I need this job!" Dana tried to keep the nerves out of her voice. "It's all I have."
"I know, and I argued with Ross. You do a great job and a lot of regulars really like you. But Joe is one of those entitled punks who never worked for a thing and Daddy gives him everything."
"He'd cost someone a job because his son doesn't like how she looks?"
"Guys like Joe have no concept of anything but their own bullshit." Gabe turned in his chair and pulled a metal cashbox from under his desk. "I'm sorry, Dana but I have to do what I'm told."
He opened the box and pulling out a wad of hundred dollar bills, started counting them.
"I figure you make about six hundred a week?"
"I....I guess," Dana shook her head. "Gabe I could lose my damn house over this! I haven't been able to find a real job in months!"
"Here's twelve hundred for two weeks' pay. I'm doing this behind Ross's back so I have some book cooking to do."
He put the stack of money on the table in front of her. "Wish I could do more, I really do."
Dana took the money, folding the bills in half and tucking them into her bra.
"And I know Harry, the manager at the pretty kitty, I can get you a job there."
"That place is a strip club!"
"They have waitresses that aren't dancers."
"They're topless!" Dana protested.
"And you have nothing to be ashamed of up top, and you'll make more than you did here."
"If I was willing to be topless, I'd be working there already!" Dana snapped. "Besides, how long before someone complains I don't have perky twenty year old titties over there?"
"Different crowd, tits are tits and I've been there, they have a few older women. All they care about is you have a nice body and a pretty smile."
"I...can't do that."
"I get it, but if you change your mind, call me and I'll get you in there." Gabe put his meaty hand out to her. "I'm sorry, Dana. This fucking sucks, and it ain't fair. I feel like a prick, but I got no choice here."
"Not your fault." She shook his sweaty hand. "And I know you're nowhere near the asshole you put yourself out there as. Just too bad you work for one who is."
"Where else am I going to go?" He patted his huge stomach. "The marines?"
"Maybe you could work the topless bar, your boobs are bigger than mine." Dana shot back as she rose.
"Oh, ow!" Gabe put his hand over his heart. "Good one." He gave her a sad smile. "I'd say good luck, but I don't think you'll need much. You strike me as being good at anything you try. You'll land on your feet."
"Thanks, Gabe, and don't worry, I won't say a word about the money."
"I'll say you earned it." He flicked his tongue at her.
"No one will believe you."
"Because you would never do that?"
"No, because a woman would need a lot more than this to fuck you. It would take a half hour just to find your cock."
"I really am going to miss you. You're the only woman here who gives me shit." He lifted his mug and pointed it to her. "Don't ever stop being you."
"As soon as I figure out who I am these days, I'll take that advice."
Dana walked out of his office and leaned against the wall, taking deep breaths to combat the anxious knot her stomach had twisted into. What was she going to do? The cash Gabe gave her would pay some bills and keep her afloat for the rest of the month, but now she had zero income and used up her unemployment from her job weeks ago.
What she was going to have to do was admit defeat and push for the sale of the house. But as she'd told Ellen who was to say how long it would take to sell? Dana didn't have many friends at all, let alone someone she could ask to stay with until she got her portion of the money.
Dana looked over at the sound of a door and saw Jim going into the supply room. A few seconds later he reappeared carrying three cases of water, the muscles below the sleeves his tight black t-shirt bulging.
He caught sight of her as he turned his way through the door leading back out to the club and gave her a flirty smile accompanied by a lingering look at her legs. When he passed through the door, Dana pushed herself from the wall and took one more deep breath.
In her younger days Dana had been a firm believer in being carefree and if it felt good, then why not do it? She'd adopted that motto once more now that she was free of Ben, but only when it came to men.
But she was screwed here, so she may as well take it all the way, and seeing Gabe had told her to never stop being her, then who was she to disappoint him? Dana walked briskly down the corridor and back out from behind the bar.
She scanned the club and found Jim back in his customary spot, sitting on a high stool to the right of the wide doorway leading to the smoking lunge. Dana turned in the other direction, stalking back over to the table where Joe sat.
"Hey, asshole," she said when she reached the table.
"You still here?" he smirked. "Figured you'd be under a desk trying to keep your job."
Without a word, Dana plucked his cigar out from between his fingers and dropped it into his whiskey. As he stared in stunned silence, she picked up the glass and threw it in his face.
"What the fuck?" Joe sputtered, spraying scotch and ash onto his shirt.
"Oh, no, your suit!" Dana exclaimed. "Better call daddy so he can buy you a new one!"
She flipped the glass onto the table hard enough to cause it to shatter. Then spun on her heel and walked away, but not before she noticed the man who'd tried to stick up for her laugh and give her a thumbs up.
"You fucking cunt!" Joe yelled behind her. "Think you're goddamn funny?"
Dana's response was to raise both hands and give him a double bird over her shoulders, one she maintained as she walked across the club amid loud laughter and some applause from other customers and every waitress in the vicinity.
Ignoring them she made her way to Jim who was staring at her in surprise. Stopping in front of him, Dana reached under her skirt and in full view of anyone watching, pulled her thong down to her knees.
She quickly stepped out of it, and with no hesitation shoved it into Jim's face.
"Guess what, kiddo?" Dana smiled as a raucous cheer erupted behind her. "I don't eat here anymore. You can settle for a sniff or be outside in fifteen minutes for some all you can eat."
Without waiting for a response, she dropped the thong and strutted across the foyer and out of the club to the accompaniment of clapping and appreciative whistles.
Chapter Six
"Hmm-hhmm!" Jimmy groaned between Dana's thighs as she straddled his face.
"Not nice to talk with your mouthful, baby!" Dana teased as she worked her hips in fast circles, grinding her pussy into his trapped face. "Get me off, then you can talk all you want!"
Jimmy groaned into her hot wet flesh when she leaned over and grabbed his semi hard cock. She slowly stroked it, trying to coax it into a fourth erection. He squirmed beneath her, but Dana's knees were on his arms making it difficult for him to move.
"Faster I come, faster you can fuck me again," she encouraged even as she frowned at the fact his cock still wasn't fully hard. "Aww, you don't want to fuck me again?"
Jimmy made a noise that sounded like a desperate whimper as she pressed her throbbing clit into his tongue.
"Guess I have to be more persuasive."
Dana dropped forward, bracing herself on her elbows and took his cock into her mouth. Her eyes rolled back, and she moaned at taste of her pussy from his struggling cock. She bobbed her head, rapidly while swirling her tongue, using her talented mouth to get him ready for another round.
Jimmy sighed into her pussy and his body relaxed as his cock swelled in her mouth, rewarding her efforts by becoming fully hard for her. Dana widened her legs, slipping her knees from his arms and he quickly slid them around waist, drawing her into his suddenly more eager tongue.
"That's better," she whispered as she removed him from her mouth and teased her tongue around his head. "You take care of me and I'll take care of you."
She resumed sucking his cock, but now that he was hard, took her time, savoring the sensation of his hard young flesh between her lips. She lowered her head and worked just the tip.
Jimmy moaned as she teased him and thrust his hips, pushing his cock sideways into her mouth as she rested her head on his stomach. She gasped when he spread her cheeks wide, then groaned when she felt him tease the tip of his finger around her ass.
She eased back pushing into his probing finger and taking the hint, he shoved it into her pink rosebud. Dana released a sharp yelp around his cock, but rocked back and forth on her knees, helping him finger fuck her ass.
His tongue worked her clit faster as his cock became harder and his hips thrust harder into her mouth as his eagerness to fuck her once more had him working her pussy with renewed vigor. Dana teased her nails along his muscular thighs before cupping his balls and playing with them as she allowed him to fuck her mouth.
Her hips jerked when he worked a finger of his other hand into her cunt while now sucking her clit. She moved faster, plunging his fingers into both her holes while his cock filled the third. Her thighs were trembling, and her hard nipples pressed into his chest as her body tensed for her third release of the night.
"That's hot, Dana! Love the way you're letting him use your mouth! Nice position!"
The phantom female voice sounded in her head as it had several times during the torrid romp that had started the moment Jimmy had closed the door to his apartment when Dana simply unzipped him, pulled his cock out, and hopping up into his arms, impaled herself on him.
He'd fucked her hard against the wall, her legs wrapped tightly around her waist the first couple of minutes, until Dana urged him to spin her around. She'd put her hands against the wall, pointed her ass at him and cried out into the cheap paneling as he took her hard and fast from behind until he whipped his cock out and jacked off all over her ass and the backs of her thighs.
The first hot squirt onto her ass cheek was when she'd first heard the voice:
"Hold her skirt up, let's see all that cum! Come on, Jimmy get both sides of her ass! Straighten up, Dana, let it run down your legs, it'll make such a good shot!"
The voice was accompanied by an equally vague image of someone in front of her, watching and telling her and Jimmy what to do. Each time she heard it; it added a sweet little thrill to the already amazing experience of being fucked by the hot bouncer she'd been eyeing for the last few weeks.
"Open your eyes, Dana, stare into the camera!"
In her mind's eye Dana saw herself on a screen, her sweaty face flushed, her make up a mess, and a long thick cock violating her mouth as her smoldering brown eyes stared into the camera, bright with lust.
Dana squealed around Jimmy's cock as her ass and pussy convulsed around his fingers and her body exploded into violent orgasm. She released his cock to cry out repeatedly as waves of pleasure crashed through as he continued to suck her pulsing clit and finger her contracting holes.
She held the image of her face in her mind, picturing her eyes now wide and her mouth open in a continuous O of pleasure as Jimmy worked her cunt and his cock twitched against her face. Her body was still trembling from the orgasm when she quickly crawled forward on the bed until she was now straddling Jimmy's hips.
Reaching between her legs, she grasped his cock and guiding it to her still quivering pussy rocked back, burying him within her quivering heat.
"Fuck that looks good!" Jimmy exclaimed as Dana braced her hands on his ankles and pushing herself up, worked her hips, riding him backwards.
"Reverse cowboy, that's hot Dana!"
"Put your finger back in my ass," she looked back over her shoulder. "Feel yourself fucking me!"
"Shit, you're fucking wild!" Jimmy spoke even as he plunged his finger into her ass.
Dana moaned as she rocked back and forth, forcing his cock and finger deep into her. Jimmy's other hand was on her left ass cheek, squeezing it roughly as he lay back watching his cock slide in and out of her pussy.
"Let's see that body, Dana, show off those tits!"
Dana pushed herself up, so she was now kneeling across Jimmy's lap. She worked her hips more slowly, now sensually riding him. He was no longer able to finger her ass in this position but made up for it by reaching up and around, his hands cupping her heavy tits.
Dana, again imagining she was really putting on a show, lifted her arms over head, drawing her long hair up as if striking a pose on a set. She let her hair go and put her hands over Jimmy's, toying with her nipples as he fondled her tits.
She bounced up and down, riding him hard, and he struggled to thrust his hips as much as he could with her on top of him. Her unwanted, but increasingly persistent little fantasy of what it would be like to be filmed while fucking, had her needing it as if this wasn't already their third go around.
Dana twisted to the side, swinging her leg over him, and rolled onto her back. Jimmy didn't need any instructions, turning over so he was kneeling between her legs he plunged into her as she lifted her legs and put her feet on his chest.
Jimmy gripped her bent knees and went into high gear, fucking her hard enough to cause her tits to bounce and to make squishy wet sucking sounds as he pounded her at this point sloppy cunt.
"Fuck me!" She hissed, reaching back and grabbing the headboard. "You said you want a real woman? Prove you can handle one!"
Jimmy groaned and somehow managed to take it up a notch, hammering away at her insatiable pussy. Dana pushed against the headboard, using it as leverage to be able to thrust her hips into his plunging cock.
Above her, Jimmy's face was red, and he was dripping sweat. His breathing was labored, and his thrusts had a desperate air to them. His face was so intense it looked as if this was now a challenge more than he was enjoying it.
"Come on, baby! You can do it! You can give this nasty little slut another load, I know you can!"
"Whoa," Jimmy whispered in between his rapid breathing.
"Like that? Like hearing me call myself a slut?" She knew he did, he'd given her an even harder pump when she'd said it and felt his cock twitch inside her.
"That's what I am, right? Just coming to your place and letting you fuck me then sucking your cock and slurping my own cum off it. I'm not here to be a good girl, baby. I'm here to get as much of your cum as that big fat cock will give me!"
"Keep going," he moaned, now using shorter more rapid thrusts.
"Keep going is what I want you to do! Keep fucking me! Keep shoving that young dick in my needy fucking cunt!"
"Keep it up Dana, you already sound like a damned pro!"
"Come for me," she hissed between her teeth as his powerful thrusts were now bordering on painful. "Empty those balls all over me! Think about those fucking losers at the club who wanted me, but who has me? Who got to shove their cock in my mouth? Who got to lick my cunt?"
"Oh, God!" Jimmy groaned, his hands trembling on her knees.
"Who took me against the wall, fucking me like I'm some slutty little thing you got drunk at a frat party?"
"I...oh, fuck I can't." Jimmy stopped fucking her and eased his cock from within her.
"The hell you can't!" Dana sat up and grabbing his cock jerked it roughly. "Come for me!"
"I..." Jimmy's words turned into a surprised moan when she leaned over and spit on his cock, working it around his sensitive head, then using it as lube so her hand glided faster over his cock.
"I want it!" She cupped his balls and worked them with her fingers. "I want that fucking cum, every goddamn drop of it!"
"Oh shit, oh..." He released a long moan that turned into a desperate whimper as Dana jerked him furiously, her hand a blur along his shaft and the room filled with his groans and the squelching sounds of her pumping his wet cock.
She spit on him again and putting her forearm under her breasts, lifted them higher, pointing his cock at them.
"Paint them! Spray that hot cum all over my big tits!"
"Dana, stop, I..."
"Stop whining and fucking cum!" Dana glared up at him. "If I wanted a man who couldn't keep up with me, I'd still be married!"
She released her tits and gripping his cock in both hands lowered her head and let a trail of spit drip onto his already slick shaft. She pumped him faster, and he put his hands on her shoulders squeezing them as he made pathetic moaning noises.
Finally, he released a moan that sounded more like a sound of relief than pleasure and his cock jumped in her hand as cum squirted from from his swollen purple tip. It landed on her right tit and she turned to the side to get some on the left.
All that came out was a trickle that dripped onto her fingers and down her wrist as she continued to work him for every drop she could.
"Oh, fuck, stop!" He grabbed her wrists, easing her hands from his already rapidly deflating cock.
"Give us a good cutaway, Dana!"
Dana smiled up at him and bringing her hand to her face licked the cum from her fingers. "Thank you, baby," she purred, looking up at him through her long lashes.
"You're welcome...I think." Jimmy sat back with his hands on his knees. "You fuck like a goddamn animal."
"You say it like it's a bad thing." Dana looked at the cum on the fingers of her other hand and licked them clean as well.
"Wow, I thought women only did shit like that in porn!" Jimmy exclaimed as he leaned over and grabbed a bottle of water from the nightstand.
Dana frowned at his comment as she took the bottle from him and chugged half of it in several long swallows.
"Every fantasy is based on reality I guess though, right?" Jimmy took the bottle from her and downed the rest of it.
"You think?" Dana swung her legs off the bed and peered down at the floor looking for her clothes.
"Sure, porn is for people who like stuff they can't or won't do for real." He looked at her and laughed. "Most guys watch porn because their wife or girl won't fuck like that, but you just proved they're out there."
"You make a sexually aggressive woman sound like bigfoot." Dana grabbed the skirt off the floor, and standing, stepped into it while thinking Jimmy was the second guy she'd fucked while wearing it,thanks Burt!
"Been with a lot of girls because of the places I work. Never had a woman attack me the way you did. Never mind licking cum off your hand.".
"I get into raunchy sex, what can I say." She located her bra and reaching behind her back, hooked it.
"Hey, you're taking off? You can stay the night and maybe we could catch breakfast tomorrow."
"I don't stay the night." Dana slipped her arms through the bra, pulling the skimpy lace cups over her still sticky tits. "Don't take it the wrong way."
"Oh, well, maybe we can grab a drink or dinner tomorrow night. I'm off and..."
"Sorry, Jimmy," Dana slipped her shirt on and buttoned it. "I'm a onetime ride and you got nothing left in the tank, so I'll be on my way."
"Damn, that's cold!" Jimmy shook his head.
"You offended?" She raised her eyebrows. "You wanted to fuck me, and we fucked. What's the problem?"
"I wasn't looking for you to be my girl, but shit, I feel like one of us should be getting paid after that."
"Sorry, afterglow isn't my thing." She tapped his shoulder. "Maybe you should stick to the girls, they like all that sweet stuff."
"I don't need sweet, but I've never seen anyone be so cold about sex," he shrugged. "And women say guys are bad."
"And it's always okay for guys to do it, isn't it?" She was getting annoyed, but not sure if it were at him or herself. She'd never considered herself to be a callous person, but Jimmy was right, she was being damn cold.
"Depends on the guy, I'm not like that, but like you said a lot of guys can just screw and jet, but only two kinds of women can do it."
"What kind of women would that be?" She rolled her eyes. "I can't wait to hear your theories on women based on your many years of experience."
"Hookers and porn stars."
"Is that so?" She stiffened at the remark.
"Yeah, because they do it so much for money that it doesn't mean a damn thing anymore. It's like a bartender making a drink, it's what they do."
"I'm neither, so I guess you're wrong."
"Yeah, true, plus you liked it, most pros just fake it."
"There you go then," she felt like she was replying to herself more than him. "You know I wasn't faking anything."
"I said most," Jimmy spoke while pulling his shorts on and not looking at her. "The best ones fucking love it."
Chapter Seven
"Excuse me?"
Dana looked up from her coffee to see two young guys standing by her table.
"Can I help you boys?" She wouldn't mind helping the one on her right, because he was damn fine, that was for sure.
"Kind of, I mean, maybe." The good looking one pointed to his friend who was tall, rail thin and whose face bore the unfortunate reminders of some serious teenage acne. "My friend Johnny thinks he knows you from somewhere."
"Oh?" Dana shrugged, wondering if they'd seen her at one of the clubs she'd been prowling lately.
"Yeah," Johnny have her a nervous smile. "Are you Dana Darling?"
"How did you know my name?" Her eyes narrowed.
"It is her!" The hot kid gave Johnny a high five. "Wow, you know your stuff!"
"Told you, Kenny, I never forget a pretty face," he was grinning from ear to ear now. "I'm a big fan!"
"You've seen my work?" Dana asked skeptically.
"You call that work?" Kenny laughed. "You look like you're having way too much fun to call it work."
"Modeling can be fun," she agreed. "But if it was that easy everyone could do it."
"Modeling?" Johnny smirked, then looked at his friend. "That what they call it these days?"
"Yes, I used to be a professional model and..."
"Now you're a porn star." Johnny smiled down at her. "And my current favorite milf! Goddamn you're hot!"
"Oh," Dana's stomach twisted into a knot and she glanced around nervously to see if anyone else in the small shop had heard him.
"You say oh a lot when you're getting fucked." Kenny pointed out. "It sounds like you're always surprised when you're getting it."
"And you get it a lot." Johnny chimed in. "Your bio page on Milftacular says you just started four months ago and you've already done twenty clips! You must really love it!"
"Or really need money," Kenny leered down at her. "I love the idea of a woman my mom's age being so broke she has to fuck for money."
"Look, guys, can you keep it down?" Dana asked, trying not to sound as nervous as she felt.
"You ashamed?" Kenny frowned. "Why? Shit, lady, with the internet and social media and how big porn is, how the hell would you think no one would know who you are?"
"You don't look ashamed, you look like you love it," Johnny added. "The way you always smile through those huge loads you take on your face, always makes me blow mine."
He pulled his phone from his pocket. "Can I take a pic with you?"
"I'd rather not."
"Come on, Dana!" Kenny pointed to his friend. "Look at this kid, he's a total loser, make his day, and let him get a picture!"
"Better yet, maybe we could go back to our place and take some real pictures." Johnny suggested.
"You two need to go now." Dana pulled a ten from her purse and put it on the table and stood up so she could get the hell out of there.
"Hey, we'd never ask for a freebie." Kenny leaned close to her and whispered. "My dad sends me money every month and I've been saving. How about five hundred dollars and you do a little three way with us?"
"How about you fuck off?" Dana pushed him away from her. "You think because I do that to get by, I'm a damn hooker?"
"You think because you're not on the street, you're not a hooker?" Kenny sneered at her. "You get paid to suck dick and fuck, that's what whores do."
"Oh, I get it," Johnny laughed. "She thinks she's an actress."
"She ain't acting, you can tell she loves it, no woman can fake it that good on film."
Dana turned her back to them and cringed when she heard Kenny yell behind her.
"Hey, everyone, see that lady? That's Dana Darling! She's a porn star! You can see all her movies on Milftacular, or just put her name in on Pornhub! She really loves her work!"
Dana's face flushed as she forced herself not to run for the door, especially when she saw several people looking at her; the men smiling and the women with looks of disgust on their faces.
"Hey, may as well get paid for the only thing you're good at."
Dana stopped short and gasped when she saw Ben standing in front of her.
"Its not really much of a change, Dana," he said in that calm smug tone she'd endured for years. "After all, I bought you a nice house and kept you in nice things and in return you were my hot little trophy wife earning those nice things with that hot body and pretty mouth."
He laughed as she tried pushed past him.
"But then you got old," he grabbed her arm, so she couldn't walk away. "From hot young thing to getting fired from a sleazy bar for being too old and having to sell sex to survive."
He shook his head and released the same condescending sigh that had always infuriated her.
"Know who watches those movies, Dana? Young boys with an Oedipus complex, and women your age who wish someone would want to fuck their used up cunts."
She tore her arm from his grip and stormed away as he yelled behind her.
"Hey, don't get mad, I've been helping you out! I've sent your links to everyone I know!"
Dana's eyes opened and she lay there swearing she could still hear Ben's mocking laughter.
"Stupid ass dream." Dana propped herself up against the headboard and grabbed the can of Coke from her nightstand.
She took several long swallows, trying to wash away the taste of the dream along with the events of last night. Not that the second part of the night, the three hours of hardcore fucking with Jimmy, was bad, but the first part wasn't going to be easy to get over.
Fired from a goddamn cocktail lounge because a loser son of a rich prick thought she was too old. Dana had reached rock fucking bottom for sure at this point. Up until last night her main concern was how could she come up with the money to buy out Ben, now she was wondering how she was going to eat.
Dana put the bottle down and stretched, wincing at how stiff her back and legs were. The hazard of having a twenty year old sex drive in a forty three year old body. Then again, wasn't she supposed to be in her prime?
In a way she was, but not so much due to her age as fifteen years of traditional sex that declined more and more as time went on. Now she was back to enjoying sex the way she had in her twenties, but with the experience of a mature woman and years of frustration.
Dana kicked the sheet off and stared down at her naked body. Long legs, soft inviting thighs, a touch extra around the hips and her breasts, which were still close to being the things of wonder they were back in the day.
She stared at the small patch of black hair over her pink slit, and opening her legs, thought about doing it with a cameraman at the foot of her bed.
"Stop it, will you?" She closed her legs and crossed her ankles, frowning at the sorry state of the chipped red polish on her toes.
Dana had always been high maintenance in the sense of manicure and pedicures as well as having her hair cut and styled regularly. Now that she was paying for it, all of that was less frequent, and she'd probably do the responsible thing and paint her own toes later, after all, she had plenty of time to kill.
She rolled over onto her stomach and bending her knees, posed for the mirror to the left of the bed. Dana took in the curve of her ass, more curve than there had been a few years ago, but there was something to be said for a little junk un the trunk, or maybe she was telling herself that.
But she'd had no complaints from the, at this point, dozen or so guys she'd fucked since filing the separation papers giving her legal freedom to do what, and who she wanted, as opposed to Ben who had been fooling around on her the last couple of years.
Dana took in her reflection, playfully kicking her feet while in one of the sexiest classic female poses. She had come home from Jimmy's and gone straight to bed foregoing a shower. Her hair was a mess, and her make up all over her face.
Naked with the freshly fucked look, was a good look for her she had to say.
"Narcissist," she stuck her tongue out at her herself.
But what model, or hell, what attractive man or woman wasn't to some degree?
Dana pushed herself up onto her knees, and cupping her breasts, lifted them high while lowering her head. Her eyes on the mirror she gave each nipple a quick flick with her tongue. Tossing her head, to get her hair out of her face, she gave the mirror her best 'lusty' look.
She had the body and the look for porn, there was no doubt about it. Not just her appearance, but her range of expressions, and the way she all but attacked the guys she fucked these days wouldn't hurt either.
Nor would her new, and not entirely welcome, absolute lack of emotion she'd displayed with Jimmy last night. She was fucking as casually as she'd go out for lunch. Not that she wanted a relationship, but she found she had no desire to sleep with any of the boys a second time.
Sex was no more than serving a primal need right now. So...
"Why not get paid for it?"
Dana rolled onto her back now on the other side of her queen-sized bed, the one she'd bought right after Ben left because she wouldn't sleep in the one they had when he'd come home with some young girl's pussy still on his dick.
She grabbed her tablet from the nightstand, and drew up her knees, resting the tablet on her thighs as she turned it on. The browser came up to the link Ellen had given her to the site her friend ran.
One of the sites, as apparently 'milftacular' was one of about two dozen sister sites under the same umbrella. A brief tour showed all the sites were dedicated to a specific kink, but with the similar trait of all involving older women.
Hot For Teacher, My Son's Best Friend, She's The Boss, and others all featured Milf aged porn stars in fantasy scenarios called out in the title. There were also taboo themed sites. Mama's Good Boy, Mom does it better, and My Hot Aunt. There were a couple for women much older than her called 'Gilfs' where 'Hot grannies take on young cock!"
As she had last night, Dana went to the first site advertised 'Next Milf Porn Star' that featured the tag line.
"You're never too late to start! 100% amateur Milf's fuck on screen for the first time!"
According to more of the site's hype, it was their most viewed channel despite releasing a fraction of the videos per month the others did. Apparently, many of the women who started on Next Milf Porn Star, and with their adult film cherry popped, moved on make videos for the other themed sites.
"One out of three women who appear on Next Milf Porn Star want more, and we make sure they get it."Was the exact quote. Under that was a testimony of sorts from one of the women.
"I was always kind of wild when it came to sex and swore there wasn't anything I wouldn't try. When a friend made a joke I'd be a perfect porn star, I didn't laugh, I thought, why not? I figured I'd do it once for the experience, but after my debut on Next Milf Porn Star I was hooked...money to get fucked by hot young guys? WTF not?"
"Schill." Dana grunted. Sounded like 'Silvia Foxxx' The site owner, and according to her bio and almost disturbing list of video credits, longtime porn star, had written this herself Nevertheless, Dana clicked on the banner declaring "Want to be the Next Milf Porn Star" to see the text:
"Are you an attractive woman over 35?"
"Do you like fucking hot young studs?"
"Do you like to make money?"
"Then what are you waiting for? If you are a true video virgin and want to get paid for what you love to do, then contact us for the opportunity to be the Next Milf Porn Star!"
Dana clicked the 'See some of our hottest first timers.'
A row of videos came up, each thumb nail featuring a fully dressed women sitting on a bed with just their first names listed beneath it and the date. Dana clicked on the most recent, dated six weeks ago and titled Vanessa.
"Hi, can you tell us your name?" A female voice with a clipped British accent asked the redhead sitting on the bed.
"Vanessa," she replied.
The woman was on the thin side and dressed rather plainly in a red tank top and jeans. She was attractive, her long auburn hair framing a face with a smattering of freckles and highlighted by a set of piercing blue eyes and lips painted a deep red that matched her shirt.
"And why are you here today, Vanessa?"
"I'm here to become the Next Milf Porn Star." She smiled, and there was an authentic nervousness too it.
Her hands were in her lap, her fingers clasped and her body language screamed tense. Vanessa was either still a 'video virgin' or an excellent actress.
"You've never done an adult film before, correct?"
"No," she shook her head. "Never even made one with a boyfriend." She laughed nervously. "Figured it would end up on the net."
"And yet here you are!" The narrator laughed.
"Guess so," she didn't look happy with that comment, another sign of realism or acting prowess.
"Hey, but you're here on your own, and getting paid, so big difference here, Vanessa." The woman sounded equally authentic, trying to cover up for her ill received joke.
Interested despite herself, Dana continued to watch.
"Can I ask why you decided to do this?"
"Two reasons, first I really need the money, things have been tough after my divorce."
Dana's eyes narrowed at that comment.
"Understandable, and we're happy to help with that situation, especially if you have a good time today, and want to come back for us."
"The other reason is, well..." Vanessa swallowed hard, and looked around for a few seconds. "Revenge."
"Oh? That sounds spicy, girl!" The woman, Dana had to assume was Sylvia Foxxx whistled. "Little detail or is that all we get?"
"My ex cheated on me. Then he blamed me, said I wasn't as sexy as I used to be and that I was letting myself go." She squared her shoulders and stared angrily into the camera convincing Dana this was real, not acting.
"I hope you don't believe that, Vanessa, because I'm looking at a beautiful sexy woman right now and I bet all the guys who see this video are going to agree in the comments section."
"He was banging all these young hookers because he said I was turning into an old lady. I always wanted more in bed and he would act like there was something wrong with me. But he paid women to do those things."
"And this is how you'll pay him back?"
"Damn straight! I'm going to get fucked by a real man with a real cock and half his age. I'm going to show how sexy and wild I can be and know what? I hope all his fucking asshole friends see it and bust his fucking balls."
"Wow!" There was the sound of clapping, and from more than one person, making Dana notice the shadows moving on the walls behind the bed; the film crew. "I like that Vanessa! Most women are afraid to do this because someone will see it, you want him to!"
"I'll send him the fucking link." Vanessa was getting downright angry, her eyes flashing and her fair skin flushing. "I don't have any kids and my friends will think this is great and I don't give a fuck what his friends think except that his ex-wife looks damned good sucking cock. Hope they jerk off to me."
"Tell you what, girl, you're so riled up I think we should start now. Nothing like some bitterness to take the nerves away."
There was a pause, before she called out.
"Vince, how about you join Vanessa and we get started?"
As a tall strongly built young man with longish dirty blonde hair came into the picture, Sylvia continued to speak.
"I want you to just relax and have fun, Vanessa. If you get nervous and want to stop say the word. Vince has done this before, and he knows to go as slow as you can in an adult clip. If there's something you really want to do, just guide him along. If you're not sure, he'll take the lead."
"Okay," Vanessa eyed Vince with a mixture of nerves and excitement as the young man stripped his shirt off revealing a set of abs that were so perfect if it weren't a video Dana would think they were airbrushed.
"I'll call out some ideas in the beginning, but once you get into it, I'm sure the two of you won't need any instructions. We try to appeal to women as much as men, so we like our foreplay and some build, how about a little kissing to get you warmed up?"
Vanessa nodded, a deer in the headlights look now on her face, that had Dana holding her breath.
Vince sat on the bed next to Vanessa, and taking her chin in his hand, turned her face to his. He whispered something to her the mic didn't pick up and gave her a quick kiss. Vanessa didn't respond right away and remained stiff as Vince put his arms around her waist and kissed her again.
"Its just a kiss, Vanessa, just like you'd be starting if this was your place and Vince is the lucky young man you brought home from the bar."
Vanessa returned the kiss and they grew closer as one of the cameramen must have come up to the bed. Her hands went to his bare chest, her fingers trailing down his hard young body as her lips parted and the kiss grew more passionate.
A warm sensation grew between Dana's thighs when Vince lowered his head, brushed Vanessa's hair to the side and kissed her neck. Her nipples stiffened when Vanessa released a soft moan as Vince worked her neck.
His hands slid under her shirt and when he tugged on it, Vanessa lifted her arms. As soon as the shirt was over her head, Vanessa leaned in and this time kissed Vince. He slipped his hands behind her, unhooking her bra and worked it down her arms.
Vanessa froze for a moment, and pulled her arms in close covering her breasts.
"Come on. Don't be shy." Sylvia encouraged. "Let's give the boys a thrill and show us those pretty titties."
Vanessa pulled her arms back allowing Vince to work the bra off, and expose her breasts. They were more than a mouthful, but less than a handful, but were still perky with small pink nipples.
Vince cupped them, and she moaned louder when he worked her nipples with his fingers. He slid his lips down to her neck once more, then down her chest. Vanessa let her head fall back, her eyes closed and whimpered when Vince's lips fastened to her right nipple.
"Doing great!" Sylvia called out. "Just think about your asshole ex watching this hot young guy suck on your tits. They used to be his tits, but now you're sharing them with everyone!"
That seemed to stir something in Vanessa as she grabbed the back of Vince's head and arched her back, shoving her tit into his face.
"Damn," Dana whispered.
Vince switched to her other nipples, then placing a hand between her breasts, gently eased her back on the bed. Still sucking her tit, his right hand unsnapped her jeans, and unzipped them. He pulled on them and Vanessa lifted her hips, letting him tug them down.
Vince slipped off the bed, and as Vanessa raised her legs, pulled her jeans off, showing off her red thong. He dropped to his knees and grabbing her around her thighs pulled her to the edge of the bed.
Vanessa gasped, then groaned when he rubbed her pussy through the thong. Dana's legs were moving back and forth, squirming as she was becoming more aroused. Vince hooked his fingers into her thong, and she lifted her hips, allowing him to pull it off.
The camera must have been right over his shoulder as Dana received a close up view of her natural red bush and the pink flesh beneath it. Vince put his hands on her thighs and kissed each one, before sliding his fingers between her lips.
"Oh, God," Vanessa moaned when he eased a finger inside her.
She moaned louder, as he pressed his lips to her clit, sucking it gently, before flicking his tongue across it.
"How about you play with your tits?" Sylvia suggested. "Stroke your nipples, give us a good show while Vince dives into that beautiful pussy."
Dana holding the tablet in her left hand, Dana straightened her legs and spread them, her fingers finding her clit and rubbing in slow circles as she watched. Vince went to town, fingering, licking and noisily sucking on Vanessa's clit, while she played with her tits, moaning and working her hips.
Her feet went up to his shoulders and the view switched from behind Vince, catching his thrusting fingers and his tongue as he titled his head to the side. The angle shifted to behind Vanessa, getting her view of Vince's face between her thighs.
A soft moan escaped Dana as Vanessa's eyes rolled back, and she emitted a long high pitched squeal, her hips moving much faster, and tugging hard in her nipples. Dana's legs straightened, and she closed them around her hand as she worked her clit while watching Vanessa orgasm for the camera.
As soon as her legs slipped from Vince's shoulders, he stood up. As Sylvia had said, desire was taking over, and Vanessa immediately sat up, unzipped his jeans and pulled out a long thick cock that had Dana's mouthwatering just watching.
Vanessa pumped it as the camera zoomed in close. She sucked on her lower lip, her eyes bright with lust as she stared at the huge cock in her hand.
"Come on, girl, return the favor! Let's see you love that cock."
Vanessa licked her lips, then parted them and slowly slid them over the head of Vince's cock.
"Eyes up," Sylvia instructed. "Look at the camera."
The camera must have been over Vince's shoulder as the view switched to an overhead angle of Vanessa slurping on Vince's cock, her blue eyes staring into the screen. Vanessa moaned, and bobbed her head faster, taking him deeper as Vince played with her nipples.
"Look at you go! Sucking that big young cock! You're a natural, Vanessa and your husband is a goddamn idiot!"
Dana was moaning, her fingers working her clit much harder, as she watched Vanessa, run her tongue down his shaft and briefly suck his balls before taking him back into her mouth. When she did, her eyes rolled back and she groaned around his hard flesh, causing Dana to point her feet forward, her toes curling and her hips lifting as she approached her orgasm.
Vanessa released his cock, and lay back on the bed, lifting her legs, and putting her feet on Vince's chest.
"Yeah, fuck her!" Dana hissed.
Vince slapped his cock against her swollen clit, then rubbed it through her lips several times, making Vanessa moan and squirm, and Dana's thighs to tremble.
"Nice and easy, Vince! We want to see every inch sliding into that pretty little cunt!"
He eased his head in and the soft groan from Vanessa, had Dana's hips thrusting into her fingers.
"Oh!" Vanessa gasped as he pushed deeper. "So fucking thick!"
"Bigger than your husband's and he's going to watch his wife take every inch of that monster cock in every position, isn't he?"
"Yes!" Vanessa cried out as Vince shoved himself all the way inside her. "Him and everyone else! Oh, fuck that feels good!"
Him and everyone else. Dana's fingers slowed. What was she doing watching this? There was no way in hell she could be Vanessa, no matter how much she needed the money. Annoyed at the timing of that thought, Dana angrily thumbed the tablet off, and flipped it onto the bed.
She removed her hand from between her legs and lay there breathing heavy as her body relaxed.
"Couldn't have waited another minute for a reality check?" She asked herself aloud.
She jumped when her cell rang, and when she looked over, anything resembling the desire she'd felt a minute ago evaporated when she saw who was calling.
It was Ben.
She thought about letting it go to voicemail, but she knew she'd end up listening the message right away, then get pissed and call him back.... letting him know she'd ignored him the first time.
"Fucking games." She snatched the phone off the nightstand.
"What is it?"
"Morning to you too, sunshine," Ben replied. "Did I wake you?"
"No, I was up."
"Surprised, its only ten and you work that dive until after two, right?"
"I'll ask again, what is it?"
"You sound out of breath." Ben paused, and she could picture his smirk. "Did I interrupt something?"
"If you were, I wouldn't have answered."
"True, its not polite to talk with your mouthful." He laughed nastily.
"At least my mouth is full now, I could have talked around yours no problem," she retorted.
"Whatever, I get no complaints."
"Because if they do, you'll fire them."
"That was one intern, Dana. Shit you make it sound like..."
"Right, the rest were just tinder hookers, they don't complain either because they want the return business."
"Okay, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have made the joke."
"No, you shouldn't. You were a boring fuck that couldn't keep a real woman happy, so you had to get them so young they didn't know any better."
"Watch it, Dana. I heard you're all but picking them up after school these days."
"They're all old enough to drink, yours were just old enough to vote." Dana wasn't taking any of his shit, not ever again. "Oh, and by the way? I waited until we had paperwork done, you were fucking while we were married."
"Right, well that's the problem with being a trophy wife, Dana, sooner or later the trophy gets tarnished and you need a nice new shiny one."
"I was only a trophy wife because you didn't want me to keep doing what I knew because you were a jealous insecure little man and I was too naïve to see that."
"No, you weren't naïve, you knew you were fucking everything in sight and couldn't help yourself and wanted to settle down with a good man."
"Guess I'm still waiting then."
"I was good for you. You became a good woman, and we had a nice life and you got everything you wanted. And you weren't a homemaker. I let you get a job and..."
"Let me. You knuckle dragging prick," her voice was rising. "Then you took it away from me right after we separated, didn't you?"
"I don't know what you're talking about. They had to cut..."
"Stop talking!" She snapped. "If I wanted to argue with you, we'd still be together, and I'd be wearing out batteries instead of actually being satisfied."
"You say stop and keep going."
"You were always the one that said stop." She laughed. "Back to needing them young and easy to please."
"I called about the house, what's it going to be, Dana? You going to take me up on what my lawyer is telling me is a flat out stupid move to settle for a third of what I'd get if we sell, or you going to sign off and get your share?"
"You know I want to stay in the house," Dana began slowly, now trying to stay calm because baiting or insulting him on the matter could get him to force her hand faster.
"I do, its why I made the insane offer and am potentially leaving fifty grand on the table."
"I thought it was guilt because you cheated and knew it was wrong." Damn, so much for her control these days.
"I'll give you that," Ben said quietly, surprising her. "It was a shitty thing to do. So yes, this chance for you to stay in the house for far less than it should cost you is a way of saying I was wrong."
"Can we double down with how you kept me close and under your thumb for years and just sign it over to me?"
"Don't push your luck." His tone was back. "My lawyer, and I agree, doesn't think you can come up with the money in six months and wants a down payment of ten thousand."
"What?"
"You heard me. But if you pay the ten up front we make a monthly arrangement for the rest and the house is yours, however if you miss a payment there is a ten percent penalty on the next payment. If you miss more than three during the length of the deal, it defaults and we sell, and what you paid to me comes out of my share."
When she was silent, he went on.
"It's a decent deal, Dana, ask your lawyer. This means you only have to come up with less than a third and can pay the rest over time. So if you want to consider this me doubling down and giving you a better chance, then that's fine."
"When am I supposed to have the ten?"
"Three weeks."
"Are you kidding?"
"We've been separated three months. The six months didn't start ticking until a month ago, but you knew you wanted to stay and have had ninety days to save, four months by the time its due."
"With no full time job and trying to make the monthly payments."
"You're problem, not mine. You want to stay rather than take a lump sum payout down the line."
"Because you bought this house for me back when I thought you really loved me, and not just the idea of having a hot young model on your arm."
"I loved you then, Dana, I really did, but as time went on..."
"Whatever, point is I wasted fifteen years being treated like a 1950's woman and that was my fault, but now that I've moved on I'll be damned if I'll lose the one thing you did that was for me, not you."
"Then ten grand, if you don't agree to that, we go to the courts and push the sale of the house based on the fact you'll never come up with the money so why are we waiting?"
"If you really were doing this for me, you'd wait." Dana took a breath, then said what the bitter part of her had been thinking all along. "Typical Ben, can't do one goddamn thing for anyone, even the woman you supposedly loved, without you making out."
"Typical ungrateful, Dana. Stopped you from slutting around the modeling scene, gave you a nice home, no worries about money, got you a job when you wanted one, and because I wanted to have a little fun on the side I'm an asshole."
"You are an asshole! You pulled me from modeling because you were afraid I'd cheat on you and..."
"You did cheat on me!" He shouted into her ear causing her to wince.
"When we had just started dating, and I said I was sorry and gave up modeling to prove it to you."
"Hear that? You just admitted it was you that cost you your career, you didn't trust yourself to stay loyal because of whatever weird thing being in front of a camera did to you. You forced it on yourself."
"I did it for you because I thought you really wanted me, and for more than sex like the other guys. But I wanted to go back after awhile and you said no. And don't get fucking high and mighty with me because you cheated after fifteen years of marriage!"
"So we're both and that's why this is over except for the house. Ten grand or..."
"You asshole! I waived alimony and you know I could have gotten a lot."
"Your fault, not mine, and if you did take it damn straight, I'd force the sale of the house."
"You..."
"Know what, Dana? I'm going to just come clean because I'm tired of this bullshit. I only gave you this chance because I knew you couldn't pull it off."
"You what?"
"Yeah, I figure I'd give you a little false hope and look like a good guy, or sorry for what I did, but I'm not sorry. You were a slut when I met you and guess what else? I've had a friend watching you, and you're right back to being a goddamn slut, how many guys you fuck since I've been out?"
"Less people than you fucked while we were married."
"I'm not doing this anymore. Ten grand by the end of the month or the house goes up and you need to move as soon as it does."
"Ben, this is fucking bullshit!"
"Maybe you should fuck older guys and not kids, you could have latched onto someone with enough money to help you. Just go back to using your body for money."
"I never used my body for money, I was a damn professional model!"
"And what do they do? Make money showing off their body. Just a nicer form of whoring. My mother was right about you, once a pig, always a pig."
"Fuck you!" Dana snarled into the phone. "You pathetic insecure little..."
"We're done talking after this. From now on you deal with my attorney and he's expecting the money. Enjoy your last month living in the house you care about so much."
"I have nowhere to go, and it could take months to sell" She wanted to kick herself for saying that but couldn't hold back.
"That's your problem."
"I won't let you take this from me." Dana wished she sounded more convincing, and Ben picked up on her tone right away.
"Yes, you will, Dana. You're out of work and out of options." He laughed coldly. "You were only good at one thing, and at your age no one's going to pay for it. Guess that's why you like them young; they don't care about how much mileage is on that stretched out c..."
Dana ended the call and put the phone down next to her so she wouldn't hurl it across the room. She closed her stinging eyes and willed herself not to cry, because wherever he was Ben would think she was going to, and she wouldn't give him the satisfaction.
She could probably find a place to crash. Ellen would never leave her homeless, and Burt had an finished apartment in his basement that had been empty since his daughter had moved out a few years ago.
But what could she pay? She wasn't going to mooch off someone, or say she'd pay them back when the house sold. Eventually she'd find work, but...the house. Dana got out of bed and walking over to the window peered through the blinds.
The bedroom overlooked her favorite part of the house, the backyard. Her rose bushes, garden, the large deck attached to the above ground pool Ben had bought a few years ago. It was beautiful and despite Ben thinking everything was all about who paid for what, Dana considered it hers.
Ben had kept her happy in material things and little else, and she'd sold out for that. That and the guilt she had felt for her early transgressions. But they'd only been dating then, and in the beginning they'd go out maybe once during the week.
Ben hadn't seemed serious and she hadn't taken it that way. But he'd guilted her and she'd bought into that because deep down she knew it should have been about more than having fun and getting laid, but she'd never been good at resisting temptation back then.
"Only good at one thing." Dana repeated his words.
Two things really, flaunting her looks and fucking indiscriminately. She'd been so cold to Jimmy last night she'd found herself wondering who the hell she was these days. They'd discussed it being mostly guys being that casual about sex, but rarely women.
Jimmy was a young guy, but as he'd said, being a hot bouncer at a club full of hot waitresses, along with the other places he'd worked, had given him countless chances for meaningless hook ups and even he'd been put off by her attitude of 'we're done here'
"Only hookers and porn stars can fuck like it means nothing."
Dana turned from the window and caught sight of her naked body in the mirror. Not for the first time she wondered if she stayed in modeling how long it would have been before she did some nudes.
The idea of men she didn't know, or ever would, seeing and getting off to her body was exciting even back then, and it was obvious her exhibitionist nature hadn't gone anywhere.
She walked slowly back to the bed, and as she had at points last night while screwing Jimmy imagined people around her, filming her and telling her how to pose and what to do. When she reached the bed, she put one knee on it, paused then pulled her other leg up, so she was on her hands and knees, her lower legs off the bed, and her ass right at the edge for some lucky guy to come up behind her.
She slid flat out on the bed and eyed the tablet. Watching that casting video had gotten her hot in seconds and she rarely even watched porn because she'd rather enjoy that kind of fucking rather than watch it.
Dana thought about Sylvia Foxx, innumerable videos of her shot over two damn decades and now running the show.
"The best ones fucking love it."
Vanessa looked like she was loving it within minutes of starting.
Dana had been wet in the first two minutes Jake had showed up on the set.
"The camera has always loved you,"she heard Burt's gruff voice in her mind."And we know how much you love the camera."
Did she love it that much?
"Out of work and out of options."
Ben's words, and that goddamn smug tone, was the final straw. Grabbing her phone, she called Ellen.
"Hey, Dana! I was thinking about you yesterday! You want to catch lunch?"
"I'd love that," Dana told her. "But can you do me a favor first?"
"Sure, what do you need?"
"Contact your friend, Sylvia and tell her to give me a call."
"You sure about this?" Ellen asked. "It did work for me, but its not for everyone and your concerns are real, people might..."
"I don't give a shit. At this point there's only one thing I care about." She picked up the tablet and turned it back on to see the video of Vanessa paused on the screen, legs up, eyes wide as Vince's cock stuffed her pussy.
"You tell Sylvia she just found The Next Milf Porn Star and I'm going to be worth every penny."
Chapter Eight
Dana sat in the tiny waiting room of S&F entertainment, which was apparently the legal name the business ran out of. She wasn't sure what to expect but was surprised to see S&F consisted of only the small waiting room and Sylvia's office behind the male receptionist who looked like he might double as one of the 'male talent'.
He was around her age, with hair that was a close mix of salt and pepper and the stubble on his face matched. But his white dress shirt stretched across a pair of broad shoulders and she could see through the thin material his arms were heavily tattooed.
He had chiseled features, and beautiful hazel green eyes to go with them. In spite of him being about twenty years older than her chosen type these days, Dana could easily see herself making an exception for him.
When she came in and saw it was a man she'd have to go through, her nerves resurfaced and she almost left. She took a moment to tell herself that if she were embarrassed that this guy knew she was here to film porn how the hell did she think she could go through with an actual shoot.
When he saw her in the doorway he asked if she were 'Miss Darling' in an incongruously soft voice with a hint of a British accent. When she nodded, not trusting her voice, he flashed her a smile as perfect as the rest of him, introduced himself as Matthew, asked her to have a seat, and offered her coffee or if she preferred, 'something stronger'
Dana resisted the urge to have a drink and asked for a bottle of water. When he'd risen to grab a bottle from the small fridge behind his desk, she couldn't help noticing he filled out his pants as well as his shirt and in both the front and back views.
He handed her the water and explained Miss Foxxx was on a call and would be with her in a few minutes. Dana sat down, sipping the cold water more for the act of something to do than she was thirsty.
The office couldn't be more generic, down to the point Dana was willing to bet the lighthouse paintings on the wall came with the place. It seemed cheap and temporary, and she wondered if because of the nature of the work they had to keep moving because landlords might not like the idea of having a client in the adult film industry.
Several times she'd nervously picked at the small band aid at the crook of her elbow from the blood test Sylvia had sent her for early this morning. The fact she had to be tested for STD's made her feel a little better, it was one of many worries-catching something-that was now off the table.
On the other hand, her now being apprehensive about the results, drove home the reality of how reckless she'd been letting the last few guys she'd fucked go bareback. It felt better and added to the thrill, but not smart. Not to mention what if Ben had caught something from his little tarts?
"Dana?"
She looked up to see Matthew standing, and gesturing to the door whose frosted window had the name 'Miss Fox' with Fox properly spelled, unlike her stage name, etched into it.
She rose and stared down at her ensemble of a red blouse, knee length black skirt and red heeled sandals. The sandals were the closest thing to 'sexy' on the outfit because fact was...how did you dress for an interview for a chance to film porn?
She had almost dressed in one of her waitress outfits, then come close to going the other way in slacks and a blouse with a jacket, and finally compromised. She wore her long hair pinned up and went light on the make-up because for some reason she felt she didn't want to look trashy, even though she was looking to be as trashy as one could be in a sense.
Dana gave Matthew a nervous smile as he held the door open, and she entered the office. It was larger than she'd imagined, containing a huge and expensive looking cherry wood desk with two leather chairs in front of it.
There was no one behind the desk, but Dana did see a door behind it and figured there was a bathroom. Why he'd let her in if she was in the bathroom, Dana had no idea, but remained standing as the door closed behind her and looked around the room.
There was a bar along the left wall, and to the right a long couch. The couch wasn't as expensive looking as the rest of the furniture, with its plain upholstery and large overstuffed cushions. Dana's eyes lingered on it, wondering if that couch was where....
"It's not a casting couch." A soft voice with the same faint accent as Matthew's spoke behind her.
She spun to see a tall woman with black hair streaked with grey standing behind her, filling a bottle with water from the cooler located there.
"I take naps every day, nothing more refreshing than a little mid-day siesta." She smiled and pointed to the bar. "Drink?"
"I'm good."
"Nice to meet you, good. I'm Sylvia." She extended her hand, her smile widening and a twinkle in her eyes, which were an unusual shade of greyish blue.
"Huh?" It took Dana a second to get the joke. "Oh, right, sorry!" She took Sylvia's hand.
"Dana."
"You're nervous," Sylvia held her hand and put her other hand over it. "Don't feel bad, everyone is. I'll tell you what I tell everyone else. Nothing is going to happen today, okay?"
"Okay." Dana marveled at how soft Sylvia's hands were, as well as her perfectly manicured blue nails.
"I'll also alleviate the second biggest worry people have when they come here for the first time, your results are fine, you're perfectly clean."
"Good to know...wow, this is awkward." Dana sighed.
"It is, but just keep telling yourself today is for us to just talk and decide if its really what you want to do, and for me to be sure you're capable of doing it, and if this will work out for both of us."
She pointed to the desk. "Please have a seat, and did you want a drink?"
"No, I'm okay. Matthew offered me one too. He's very nice."
"He is, that's one of the reasons I married him." Sylvia laughed. "I think the other reasons might be fairly obvious."
"I noticed," Dana made her way over to the desk and sat down. "But I think he made out okay in the deal too."
"Thank you!" Sylvia replied as she came around to sit across from her. "But you don't have to schmooz me, although I don't mind hearing it."
Dana hadn't made the remark to kiss up, and she was pretty sure Sylvia knew she was an attractive woman. Especially considering according to her wikipedia page, which Dana had looked up last night, she'd been starring in adult films for twenty five years.
Her bio on the site declared her status as 'active' and she wondered if she did still star in movies, or felt it was 'hot' to look like she still did. Regardless, Sylvia Foxxx was a damn sexy woman. Both Wiki and the website had her at fifty three, and Dana hoped she could look half that good in another ten years.
Sylvia's features were smooth and flawless, highlighted by her strangely colered eyes, perfect high cheek bones, and a set of full sensual lips that seemed in all her pics, and in person, were set in a borderline pout, were a true asset in her chosen profession.
Her body, well displayed in form fitting sleeveless teal blouse, and short black skirt, would be the envy of a woman twenty years younger. Her breasts were perfect, not as large as Dana's, but wouldn't be considered small, especially on her athletic build.
Her ass was the same, not plump or curvy, but certainly not flat. Even the several thin streaks of grey in her otherwise raven dark hair, made her look sexy. Proof of her actual age, the fact she was fine with that age, and Dana was sure it was an authentic touch for an audience that loved older women.
Sylvia's hair, which was thick, but straight to the point Dana figured she did it on purpose was worn down and went below her shoulder blades. When her quick inspection reached her long well-toned legs, Dana was surprised to see she was barefoot.
"I love the way the carpet feels between my toes." Sylvia again spoke as if she'd read her mind as she got behind the desk and sat down. "Do I pass muster?"
"Sorry!" Dana blushed.
"Don't be, I don't mind being checked out, and let's face it because of what I do there's more fascination to what I look like I suppose."
"Your husband doesn't mind that you..." Dana caught herself, and her face grew even hotter. "I'm sorry, you probably don't even get on that side of the camera anymore."
"First off, don't be sorry. I know you're nervous and these are normal questions. And no, he doesn't mind. Why would he, seeing that's how we met?"
"Really?" Dana wasn't sure why she found that surprising, but she couldn't imagine being able to handle a lover who had sex for a living.
"We met eighteen years ago on a set. We had great chemistry on the shoot and he waited outside for me and asked me out for a drink. We got married three months later."
"That was quick." Dana was making small talk to try and settle her nerves and was sure Sylvia knew it, but didn't seem to mind as she sat down across from her.
"As you were probably thinking, its not easy to find someone who isn't bothered with what I do for a career, so who better than someone who is also in it?"
"You guys would still be with other actors?"
"Sure, now with so much indy created content, cams, only fans, and all the other benefits of the net, a couple just making videos together would work, but back then those things were no where near as popular or lucrative."
Sylvia gestured to the front of the desk, and with a start, Dana realized she was still standing. When she quickly sat, feeling even dumber than she had before, Sylvia continued.
"We did a bunch of shoots together as the pro porn scene was smaller in the UK back then and there weren't as many actors. But we also did a lot with others. Even in some of our shared scenes there would be other men or women involved.
"We see sex for work and sex between us differently. Work sex is always fun..."
"People really like it, that's not a myth to make it seem hot?" Dana interrupted.
"Many go through the motions because its all they know and let's face it, men watching porn really don't care if its obvious they're faking, but I'd say about twenty percent like it. I do or I would have quit years ago."
"I'm sure the guys all love it, don't seem how its work for them."
"It is, trust me. Finished product isn't the way it happens." Sylvia explained. "The director is always stopping, asking to switch positions, start again, the women can get sore and bitchy after awhile and the guys would get tired, either that or being up and down so much they'd end up cumming in the fluffers mouth and now the shoot's wasted. You know in a lot of scenes the guy doesn't cum?"
"Then..."
"A squeeze bulb filled with milk thickened with a little powdered milk with some flavoring, so we don't mind playing with it in our mouths and acting like it's the best thing ever. The guy palms it and squirts it while he jerks off."
"Learn something new every day." Dana's laugh was a little do loud, but she couldn't help it.
"But not on my sites. We try and let the scenes happen naturally and aren't always interrupting so to speak."
"Do you guys still do it?"
"On occasions I do a scene with Matt, and we do them live through Zoom. If people want to see them its $25 for access."
"That's not much."
"Last one was viewed by 500 people. I'm a bit of a legend." She laughed. "Kind of mixed emotions seeing my first films are called vintage porn."
"Wow."
"Lot more money in the field today with the net. That's why I started Milftacular. No bullshit from asshole directors using and abusing the girls. My girls only shoot what they want, when they want. and all the male talent are respectful and polite because if not, they're done."
"That's good to know."
"Not just done with me. I spread the word other sites like mine won't touch them. They have to work for the big sites, and its not as easy to get work there, and those d-bags treat the men as bad as the women."
"Well, I'm here to talk about your way, not theirs, I guess."
"I'm sure you scoped the site. All our material is cougar cub and whatever fantasies can work well for that as well as just straight up hot mature women fucking young studs." She winked. "In addition to well-mannered-all the talent I employ are damn fine. The days of old fat slobs are long gone."
"Good thing."
"Good thing if you want women to watch." Sylvia agreed. "And even though they won't admit it, most men would rather see a good looking guy too. Two hot people fucking are better than a hot woman and some schlub who looks like the before in the gym commercials."
Dana nodded, then blurted out.
"Okay, so, how do we do this?"
"This? You mean make an adult film with you as the star?"
"Yes."
"Ellen told me about you, not by name, we are very tight lipped in this industry." Sylvia laughed. "At least behind the scenes."
Dana forced a weak smile at the joke.
"She mentioned I might hear from you because of a dire financial situation, and to help you the way I did her. Which I'm willing to do because Ellen and I have been friends for well over twenty years and she's helped me through a lot of tough times, especially when my family disowned me for my career choice."
"You were outed?" Dana frowned.
"Yes, and very early on. I know that's your, and most everyone else's biggest fear, with doing this. In my case a friend of my father's was a borderline porn addict back before porn was on the net and would buy several movies a week at an adult shop." She shrugged.
"He happened to come across me in one of my first movies." Sylvia rolled her grey eyes. "Probably literally before he felt the need to show it to my father, who immediately told me I was dead to him and my mother."
"I'm sorry to hear that."
"Everything happens as it was meant to. I'd met Ellen who was working in London at that time and she got me some legit modeling work to make enough money to get by because back then there was nowhere near as much demand for porn as there is now, or at least not as many outlets for it."
"Funny, I modeled and now I'm looking to do this."
"There's more work and money in adult content right now and the last few years creator owned content has really spiked the amount of available material, especially in areas of specific kinks."
Sylvia sat back and gestured to her.
"That is why being outed now can still happen, but the odds are much greater due to the sheer amount of porn out there. Feature film actresses still run more of a risk, but these days most porn is short scenes that aren't even full movies, and some have no dialogue or plot other than the sex, and they don't all have credits."
"Even for the stage name or whatever you call them?"
"No, that's why there are names that porn star sites where people post a clip they'd like to know the name of the actor or actress and someone will show up with the answer. For what you're looking to do you'd only be recognized by someone who watches milf porn and a lot of it."
"Or a member of your site and from what Ellen told me you're pretty big."
"We're growing, but so are many others. But yes, if someone is a member and you do a lot of vids with me, they'll know your face and alias, but it would still have to be someone in your real life that would know who you really are."
"I don't know too many people." Dana sighed. "Guess this is where not having many friends could be a good thing."
"Its not easy being alienated from life by a controlling asshole." When Dana's eyes widened, Sylvia added. "Ellen told me of your situation. Reminds me a lot of how my father treated my mother.
"My mother was a vibrant, educated young woman with dreams of running her own business, until my religious zealot knuckle dragging father met her and all but locked her barefoot in the kitchen."
Her lips twisted into a scowl. "Seems men like that are far more common than they should be, especially in this day and age."
"Yeah, but it's the woman's fault to, we allow it for some reason," Dana lamented. "I did because I was going down kind of a bad path and felt a good man would make me a good woman."
"Define a good woman. Many would consider me a good woman." Sylvia flashed a sly smile. "Having a if it feels good do it way of life is only bad if you're a woman and even then, only in the eyes of certain types of assholes."
"Hindsight is 20/20," Dana replied. "The if I knew then what I know now."
"Ellen mentioned your bad path as being nothing more than enjoying sex and not being too discriminate with who the guy was."
"I liked one and done back then, and I'm enjoying it again now except the age of the men hasn't changed, just mine has."
"Which is why I agreed to meet with you. I try to run my site a bit different. Porn is the type of thing many people come to as a last resort, desperate for money the most common reason. But that doesn't mean you're right for it.
"The big content producers don't care. If they can get one shoot out of a girl who tried it, hated it, and left, they'll break that thirty minutes into a bunch of shorter clips and push them everywhere and all she gets is the grand or so they paid her.
"Some young girls are working their way through school doing it. Out of those a small percentage do like it, most figure it's a means to an end and they're hot and can fake it enough to get by.
"I look for women who I think will get into it and will want to do it for a while. I do this for two reasons. From a business sense, I've found men like seeing their favorite porn star in action so the more continuity on the site the better the response. Sylvia Foxxx has a new clip, I gotta see it!"
"Makes sense. What's the other reason?"
"I care about the women, and men, that work for me. I never want them doing it with the I have to attitude. I want people who aren't going through the motions. I want enthusiasm and fun. I want real looks of satisfaction and smiles in the videos, the kind of fun people who love sex have."
"But how do you know you have that with this Next Milf Porn Star thing? You've never seen them."
"That's the thrill of that site; not knowing how the shoot will go, and you're right I'm not sure what I'll get. We've had scenes that are awkward all the way through, the nerves never leaving, and we've had women turn into wildcats before our eyes."
"Have you had anyone quit in the middle?"
"Sure, but we never air those, that's part of why new vids are infrequent. Finding the right people to start with isn't as easy and then we get what you just said. I try and go with who I think will be fine but can't know for sure."
"And how do you know you have someone who will work?"
"I generally ask a lot of questions. Motivation is one of them. Yours is strictly financial which is common. Issue is the do it for money group tends to have the most casualties as far as not being able to start or finish, or if they do they fall into the awkward video category."
"I watched the last woman, Vanessa." Dana told her. "She was there for money and she seemed to get into it."
"She did and she's done four videos since for us on our other sites. She had a revenge as a factor too, she saw this as the ultimate fuck you to her ex. But she had no one she cared about as far as getting discovered. Parents had passed on, no kids..."
"Same for me, and not a lot of friends." Dana grunted. "Maybe I shouldn't be worried, but for me its about down the line. I was hoping to get back into modeling at some point and wouldn't want this coming out."
"Understandable, but if Ellen doesn't think she can find you much right now there may not be much there. She's damn good at what she does."
"Nothing now, but I'm not giving up."
"Good for you, but this is the now. I understand you need thirty five thousand dollars in a few months?"
"There's been a change. I need ten thousand in the next three weeks. More probably because I need to live too, and just lost my part time job, and getting no bites for full time work."
"An average shoot with a guy pays $1200. I pay a little higher at $1500. I can get you a couple shoots a week, maybe a third here and there, but not sure that would be enough for you if you're trying to live off it and pay a debt."
"It's a lot."
"But I said I would do for you what I did for Ellen. Because she speaks highly of you and wants to see you to have whatever it is you need the money for, I'm willing to advance you money."
"Ten thousand?"
"Because I want 100% amateurs for Next Milf Porn Star and charge a higher membership fee for the site because its genuine, I pay five thousand for that shoot, providing you complete it. Stop at any point, it's five hundred dollars for your time, not much, but a total loss for me as I won't air a failed clip."
"Ellen said it can be up to ten."
"It can be, but that's a two parter."
"Excuse me?"
"Normally after the first shoot, the pay scale drops to the $1500 base. But we offer women a chance at a second five grand pay day if their second shoot is a threesome. Being barely introduced to the industry and still being pretty green but taking two men is a big thrill and very popular."
"Oh."
"Ever had one?"
Dana hesitated, then wondered why should did, she was talking to a damn porn star turned producer, if there was ever a person who wouldn't judge he, it would be Sylvia.
"I was around twenty five or so, got drunk after my first out of town fashion show, and hooked up with two of the guys who traveled with the event setting up the stages and props." She shrugged. "I couldn't decide which one and thought why choose?"
"I like it!" Sylvia clapped. "Ellen said you were a wild one."
"Too wild if I wanted to be taken seriously, that was why it was a bad path. Didn't want to become famous and have all those stories out there about me."
"They still would have been just based on what you'd already done though."
"But why keep adding more? Each guy was one more chance someone talks about it."
"True, but I think we're digressing. Part of what I look for is a carefree attitude with sex which you had before and do again. The stories of virgins showing up and becoming instant porn stars are pretty much myths. Sexual promiscuity is a common trait of the women who can make it work.
"Its another advantage of working with older women as well, lot more experience and mature enough to handle it and know exactly what they will and won't do."
"I won't DP," Dana said quickly. "If I decided to do something with two guys I don't want..."
"Let's not talk about a threesome right now, we don't know that you can handle one. But if you ever do one, we can just go with the traditional pig on a spit style positions." Sylvia told her and Dana was struck with how casually she said it.
"Good to know, Jesus this is weird."
"We're trying to make it not weird and we do that by talking about it." Sylvia explained. "Now, another thing Ellen mentioned is the camera has a kind of aphrodisiac effect on you. It gets to aroused to the point your prior encounters were direct results from it."
"True, its just does something for me. Guess I've always been an exhibitionist." Dana smiled ruefully. "Still am, my first time on a set in fifteen years and I screwed the photographer's assistant, even waited outside for him."
"That could go along way to help you with the shoot. Big part of the nerves is the people around, and the cameraman sometimes being a foot away."
"I don't know if it would help in that case, it would be different."
"Why?"
"Because I'll be naked and...fucking." She forced herself to finish. "I've never even done a nude."
"Makes you perfect, we'll get great natural reactions." Sylvia nodded. "Dana, is there any part of you that wants to do this for anything other than money?"
"People have other reasons?"
"You heard Vanessa, for her it was revenge and her desire for it showed in how well the shoot went. Another woman, Amanda, had always fantasized about it, and reached a point where due to some money woes she decided to make it a reality. If money is the sole motivator, this may fall into the not very convincing category."
"But I'd still get paid."
"For that shoot, there wouldn't be anymore because I only offer continued work to the women and men who can get into it."
"I don't think I can give you an answer on this." Dana pointed out. "I think this is an only one way to find out situation."
"Maybe, maybe not." Sylvia had a pensive look on her face. "Over time, I've developed a way to get a peek at what I may be getting without cheating on it being a first time experience."
"How's that?"
"Hold on," She reached over and thumbed a button on her phone. "Matt, can you come in here, please?"
"Absolutely, should I lock the door?"
"Not expecting anyone for a few hours, but sure."
"Lock the door?" Dana felt a twinge of nerves returning.
"Don't worry, its just one of those details I always forget. I'm the fantasy end of things, Matt handles boring reality much better."
Matt entered the room and walked around the desk to stand behind Dana.
"How are you ladies getting along? Is the lovely Miss Dana going to be joining our team?"
"I think so, but time for a little test." Sylvia pointed to her. "Here's where I ask you if you're willing to do this. At least the Next Milf shoot."
"Yes." Dana said before she could change her mind.
"Dana, can you stand up and move back a couple of steps?"
Dana took a deep breath and did as she asked.
"She looks great," Matt gestured to her. "A little thick in the right places, very natural for her age."
"Our age, old man." Sylvia chided.
"I'm six years younger than you, dear." Matt smirked. "I'm not on the wrong side of fifty."
"I have no wrong side, and everyone knows that because they've seen them all."
"Touche'" Matt laughed, causing Dana to smile despite her nerves.
"You do look perfect for the part, Dana, and if what you've told me about yourself is true, I think you'll not only go through with this shoot but want to do more. But I've been wrong before, so how about a little test?"
"Test?"
"There's a reason exhibitionism and voyeurism are always linked together. It's a connected kink so to speak."
"If you say so," Dana answered dubiously.
"I plan on doing more than saying so." Sylvia rose from her chair, and Matt rolled it out from between them. "I'm going to prove it."
She raised her arms over her head, and Dana's eyes widened when Matthew grabbed her top and slipped it over her head. He dropped it to the floor, and brushing Sylvia's long hair to the side, kissed her neck.
Sylvia sighed softly, as he put his arms around her, his large hands fondling her still flat stomach as he kissed her. She reached up, putting her arm behind his head, and moved her hips, grinding her ass into her husband's crotch.
Dana felt her face flush once more, and she turned her eyes down to her lap, but when Sylvia moaned, she couldn't help raising her gaze to the couple in front of her. Matt had worked the straps of her bra down her arms, and pulled it down, exposing Sylvia's perfect tits.
They were a little bigger than Dana had imagined and showed the first traces of gravity and age influencing them, but they still looked damn good. Her wine colored nipples were small hard points amid her slightly darker areola, and Sylvia groaned when Matthew's fingers found them.
Sylvia reached behind her and in the otherwise silent room, Dana heard her unzip her skirt. That simple sound sent an unexpected thrill through her as did the slow sensual shimmy Sylvia used to work the skirt down over her hips.
She was a professional after all, the odd snarky remark entering her mind did little to dampen her body's beginning to respond to the scene before her. Sylvia's skirt hit the floor, exposing her teal thong, and her bra quickly followed as she reached behind her back and released it.
The entire time Matthew's lips were working her elegant neck, and his large hands fondling her breasts. Sylvia spun in his arms, and taking his face in her hands, kissed him. They turned to the side, giving Dana a good view of the kiss, while again showing off the fact they were pros and always at the right angle.
As they made a show of their tongues waging war in each other's mouths, Dana's breath picked up and her nipples stiffened. She shifted in her seat and could feel the heat building between her thighs.
Sylvia deftly unbuttoned Matthew's shirt, and as he slipped it off, his lips still on hers, her hands dropped to his pants. The sound of his zipper seemed even louder as Dana's attention was focused on his well defined abs and muscular chest.
Dana's lips parted as her breathing became even heavier and a trickle of sweat ran down her back as Sylvia pushed his slacks down his thighs. His boxers were next, and the cock that sprang from within them was as perfect as the rest of him.
Long, thick and already oozing precum, Sylvia took it in her hand and jerked him as their kiss continued. Matthew grabbed her hips and lifting her effortlessly in the air, sat Sylvia on her desk. She swept her arm back, knocking folders and paperwork off the top of it and to the floor.
Sylvia swung her legs up and turned so she was sideways on the desk. Resting back on her elbows, she lifted her hips and Matthew slipped his fingers into her thong and pulled it off. Sylvia drew her legs up as he worked it off, and turning to Dana, said softly.
"Don't be shy, move over so you can see."
"Trust me, luv," Matthew, totally unfazed by the fact his cock was out, and her eyes were lingering on it, added. "You'll enjoy the view."
Without being aware she'd done it, Dana had stepped over to the side of the desk as Matthew grabbed Sylvia's legs and pulled her closer to the edge of the desk.
She spread her legs wide, and Dana swallowed nervously at the sight of Sylvia's pussy. She'd never been this close to a nude woman before, let alone staring between her legs. Sylvia's lips were the same shade as her nipples, and her swollen clit visible beneath its hood without Matthew having even touched it.
She was completely smooth, and as Dana watched with a feeling of the surreal washing over her, Sylvia slid two slender fingers through her obviously wet lips, and Dana's breath caught when she dipped them inside her.
She pumped them several times into her thrusting hips, then worked them back until she reached her clit, which she captured between them and moved them in slow circles.
"Come over her, baby, I need that cock in my mouth." Sylvia purred, her voice lowering into a smoky rasp that oozed sex and promise.
Matthew stepped over to her and she turned her head, opening wide and wagging her tongue. He gripped his cock and after slapping it against her tongue several times, eased it into her mouth. A soft whimper escaped Dana as she watched Matthew slowly feed the full length of his cock into his wife's mouth.
Sylvia moaned, her head remaining still until she had him completely engulfed, her lips wrapping around the base of his shaft. She then slowly bobbed her head, her grey eyes open and staring into his.
She opened her mouth wider and when she cupped his large heavy balls, he thrust his hips, fucking her mouth. His hand slid over her breasts and down her stomach, then between her legs. He pushed her hand to the side and shoved two fingers roughly into her.
Dana's heart raced and her face felt as hot as her pussy, as she watched Matthew add a third finger into his wife's pussy while his thumb found her clit. Sylvia groaned, then went into a series of wet gurgling sounds as Matthew fucked her mouth harder.
Sylvia's eyes were watering from have her mouth fucked, but she still stared upwards, keeping eye contact, even as her hips worked in time with his thrusting fingers. Dana's fingers clenched by her side as she fought the insane desire to slip them into her skirt right there while watching the incredible show before her.
Sylvia tapped his balls lightly, and Matthew stepped back, withdrawing his cock from her mouth amid a flood of drool and precum that dripped down her chin and onto her breasts. Matthew, still with his pants around his thighs, shuffled over to the end of the desk, dropped to his knees and buried his face between his wife's thighs.
"Fuck," Dana whispered, as she watched Matthew make a show of fluttering his tongue through Sylvia's lips.
She spread herself wide for him and squealed when he plunged his tongue inside her. Grabbing his wrist, Sylvia pulled his hand to her face and eagerly sucked on the fingers he'd had inside her. Matthew introduced two fingers of his other hand into her as his tongue now swirled around her swollen clit.
Sylvia placed his hand on her left breast and as he rolled her nipple between his fingers she played with the other. Her head turned, her eyes finding Dana's who looked away in embarrassment, but not before she caught Sylvia's wink.
"Yes!" Sylvia cried out, startling Dana, but also causing her pussy to gush. "Put another finger in and suck that fucking clit, baby!"
Matthew roughly shoved a third finger inside and sucked her clit hard enough to make his lips smack.
"Oh, yeah!" Sylvia grabbed his hair, shoving his face into her pussy as she worked her hips. "Just like that! Make me cum, Matt! Show Dana how fucking hot this makes me!"
The sound of her name being spoken in Sylvia's made for porn voice, sent a shiver through her and she pressed her thighs together. She was so horny just doing that made her moan softly, and want to sit back in the chair, lift her skirt and masturbate then and there.
When Sylvia released a long guttural moan, the same sound Dana sometimes made just before she went over the edge, Dana sucked on her lower lip, and another whimper escaped her. The sound was drowned out by Sylvia's follow up cry of pleasure that was followed by a series of long high pitched moans as her hips gyrated wildly in Matt's face.
Sylvia bucked and squirmed on the table as Matt's fingers remained buried in her pussy, his lips still fastened to her clit, wringing more yelps and squeal of pleasure from her. Sylvia slumped back onto the table, breathing hard, a satisfied smile on her face.
But Matt wasn't done.
He sprang to his feet, his cock bobbing like a diving rod, and pointing straight at his wife's pussy. He gripped it in his fist and after rubbing the head teasingly on her still sensitive clit, slid it through her lips and plunged into her hard enough to elicit a yelp from her.
"Oh, baby, just like that!" Sylvia encouraged him as she lay on the desk, her hands gripped the edge of it as Matt fucked her fast and hard.
"Oh my god," Dana groaned as Matt grabbed Sylvia's ankles and lifted her legs in the air, spreading them wide as he took her.
Sylvia's breasts bounced as she lay there with her lips parted, moaning as Matt had his way with her. Her eyes were partially closed and there was a look of joy on her face that Dana doubted anyone could fake.
"Let's go, Matt!" She encouraged him. "Come nice and fast for me! This is a demonstration, not date night."
Matt laughed even as he thrust into her, then removed his now glistening cock. Stepping back he twisted Sylvia's legs to the side, causing her to gasp, and roll onto her side. She rolled over once more until she was on her stomach and Matt dropped her legs.
The second her bare feet touched the rug; he had her hips in his grasp and drove into her. Dana watched his cock repeatedly slide out from between her thighs, then plunge back into her hard enough to cause his balls to slap against her.
"How's that look, Dana?" Sylvia turned her head, and gave it a toss, sending her dark hair away from her face. "Want this to be you, don't you?"
"I wouldn't mind it being her." Matt replied in between his own heavy breathing as he pounded Sylvia hard enough to make some of the pictures on the edge of the desk fall over.
"Want him, Dana?" Sylvia whispered. "Want to join in? I'll sit back with my legs over the chair and play with myself while I watch my husband fuck your sopping wet cunt!"
"God, that's so fucking hot, honey!" Matt moaned.
"You can lay back on the desk and I'll come around and play with your clit while he fucks you! I'll make you come on his fat cock, would you like that?"
Dana had no response other than to stare longingly at Matt's now sweat slicked torso and his big cock plunging into Sylvia as she imagined it going into her aching pussy.
"I'd like it," Matt started to laugh, but it turned to a moan when Sylvia rocked back into him, driving him even deeper.
"Then I'll rest my head on your stomach, mouth wide open and when Matt is ready, he'll whip his cock out of your dripping twat and squirt his cum into my mouth."
"Oh, yeah," Matt's thrusts were now shorter and more desperate. "Then what will you do, my slutty little wife?"
"I'll let it ooze out of my mouth onto Dana's freshly fucked and still gaping pussy, and then slurp it off her clit and...fuck!"
Sylvia's mouth remained open and her eyes widened as Matt tore into her. Dana's eyes roamed down his chest and stomach to the muscles bulging in his thick forearms and back to that amazing cock.
After several thrusts that Dana swore would be painful, but a good pain, he whipped his cock out, and gripped it tightly. Once again, showing off her experience, Sylvia smoothly slid back off the desk, onto her knees and opened wide.
Matt released his cock, sending a long thick stream of cum into his wife's waiting mouth while casually brushing her hair from her face to make sure Dana had a good view. Sylvia grabbed his cock and took over jerking it. She pulled his tip to her mouth and pumped, sending several spurts onto her tongue.
Matt moaned when she took the head into her mouth, still jerking him, and now sucking as well, working for every drop. She rubbed his balls, and when he gasped. "Okay!" she slid him from her mouth.
Sylvia opened wide, showing off the huge puddle of cum in her mouth, then squeezed the tip of Matt's cock while twisting with her wrist. He groaned as one last drop oozed from his cock to splash onto her white coated tongue.
Sylvia closed her mouth, and turning her head, met Dana's gaze as she swallowed. She opened her wide, showing off her now empty mouth, then gave Matt's cock a playful kiss before tugging his boxers back over his still twitching flesh.
"Damn, babe, you're still better than any of the women doing this full time."
"What can I say, I love my work!" Sylvia laughed as she took Matt's offered hand and let him help her to her feet.
"You like that little show, Dana?" Sylvia asked.
"I..." Dana took a couple steps to her right and fell into the chair. "Holy shit!"
"Sounds like a yes." Matt grinned as he zipped up and reaching down, grabbed Sylvia's skirt and held it open.
"The look on her face is yes, that's for damned sure." Sylvia put one hand on Matt's shoulder as she stepped back into her skirt.
He pulled it up and zipped it for her, then found her blouse and held it up.
"Matt and I usually catch a little nooner every day, but this adds a little extra spice to it, doesn't it, baby?"
"That it does, my love," Matt helped her get her arms in the sleeves and slipping the shirt on her, reached around her and nimbly buttoned it up over her bare breasts.
"I...never saw anything like that." Dana managed.
"Very different in person versus the screen. Sexier, more natural." Sylvia sat on the edge of the desk while Matt went over to the fridge behind the bar and emerged with three bottles of water.
He handed Dana one, then opened one for Sylvia before twisting open his own and chugging the entire thing. Some of the water splashed onto his chest, and Dana sighed. "I feel like I should just dump this over my head."
"That's great!" Matt laughed as he found his shirt and slipped it on.
"Well, tell me, Dana, are you wet?"
"Huh?"
"I should say are you as wet as you look." Sylvia smiled at her and sipped her water.
Dana was amazed at how calm and nonchalant she was two minutes after she'd just been naked, and had a load shot down her throat.
"I..." She looked away. "Think I soaked through my damn thong."
"Then we'll see you back here at nine am on Saturday!"
Chapter Nine
Dana stood outside the door of the S&F with a feeling of Déjà vu as she once again struggled with the decision of whether she wanted to go in. Unlike last time however, this would be the point of no return.
The day after she'd met Sylvia and ended up witnessing a love sex show, she'd received an e-mail from Matthew asking her exactly what she would need financially to keep her house and stay afloat.
He'd also instructed her to dress 'rather plain' specifying she wear jeans, have her hair up or pulled back, light or possibly no make up to look natural, and a top that wasn't overly revealing, but 'showed off the assets.'
So much for spontaneity, she'd thought, but after detailing her monetary needs, had gone through her closet to find exactly what he wanted. Dana had found a pair of black jeans she hadn't worn in a couple of years and had to all but pry herself into.
He'd said plain, but she didn't think baggy or frumpy would go over to well and figured tight was a good choice. She'd donned a red sleeveless top that was wasn't too low cut, but did show a small amount of cleavage, because fact was with breasts the size of hers, it was hard to not show them short of wearing a sweatshirt.
She'd pulled her hair back into a pony tail and gone light on the make-up, especially her lips as she figured really going heavy and calling attention to them would ruin the look of not putting herself out there as sexy, which is what she felt he was going for.
The sexy would come in the unwrapping, she was sure was the goal, and something she could understand from her modeling experience."Less is more, kid, until you pick the right moment to show them more,she heard in Burt's voice.
On that note, her red bra featured half cups which were transparent lace with small bows covering her nipples. The matching thong was also transparent, showing off the small patch of black hair she'd decided to keep rather than go smooth for the shoot.
"Stalling." Dana whispered, and taking a deep breath, pushed the buzzer next to the door.
"It's open!" Matthew called from the other side.
"There she is!" Sylvia exclaimed from where she sat on the couch, dressed as plain as Dana in a pair of faded blue jeans and a white t-shirt, her long hair pulled back into a ponytail, the same way hers was.
"Our next star in the making." Matthew was standing behind the desk, sifting through some papers, and like his wife dressed in jeans along with a Jaguars T-shirt. "Come on, over Dana, we need to get the boring stuff out of the way before we go upstairs and have some fun."
"Upstairs?"
"We don't shoot up here." Sylvia laughed. "We rent the entire floor above us and have it divided into several studios and sets."
"Oh, right." Dana nodded as she walked over to the desk.
"What we did, Dana," Matthew paused and shot a look at Sylvia, "What I did because my wife hates paperwork and actual business, is draw up a contract for you."
He pushed a piece of paper across the desk to her.
"What we're offering is based on your immediate needs. If you complete today's shoot, you receive a check for five thousand dollars. That's the first line to sign next to Sylvia's name. It also states that if you back down, you will receive five hundred dollars."
Dana sat down and picked up the paper, trying to force her racing mind to pay attention to what it said. The first paragraph read exactly what Matthew had said, and taking the pen he offered her, she signed it.
"Now this next section is for after the successful shoot."
"Why not now?"
"Because if you back out of that, none of this is relevant."
"Got it." Dana started to read, but Sylvia spoke to her right.
"It states that if you're willing to do more shoots we will advance you ten thousand dollars. That's the other half you need for your down payment to your ex, and five for you to live for a while."
"Thank you, that's really generous of you."
"A friend of Ellen's is a friend of mine, luv." Sylvia told her.
"But the unfriendly part," she turned her attention back to Matthew. "Is this is an advance, not a gift. By signing you agree to do enough shoots to pay this off. $1500 a full-length scene would be $9,000 for six and we round in our favor on the last, meaning you owe us seven shoots."
"I understand." Dana tapped the pen to her chin. She was still wondering if she could go through one, never mind more.
"If you're willing seven shoots can be booked and done within a month, we can set up another deal with another advance on more payments and everyday living. We can do this until you've paid off your Ex, then after that if you'd like to continue to work its pay per shoot."
"Sound good, Dana?" Sylvia asked. "Any questions?"
"Before you answer, let's get into the nasty stuff that I have to mention." Matthew once again looked at his wife. "And I have to be the heavy to tell you."
"You'll sue me if I breach the contract?"
"Yes, it's a legal binding deal. I do want to mention that you can use a stage name for your shoots, but your legal name will be on the suit, meaning it is a matter of public record you shot adult material and reneged on doing more. Ellen said your husband is a lawyer, good chance he may see your name when checking dockets, won't be good for you."
"But it won't come to that, I'm sure." Sylvia assured her. "But Matt pretty much is the manager, I'm just the pretty face and the inspiration."
"In other words, she handles the fun, I get the shit." Matt grunted.
"I know, its awful being married to a porn star who gets so horny directing, she has to fuck you every day at work."
"I take it for the team." Matthew managed a serious look as he made the comment, then looked to Dana. "Like I said, you're not signing now, but I want you to understand for when you need to decide."
"I got it." She tapped the contract with the pen. "If I did the threesome that's five, so I'd only owe three or four shoots, right? Depending how you round?"
"Correct, but get through this before you think you're ready for that." Sylvia replied. "By the way three ways pay about eighteen after that one, two if you'll do anal."
"We can talk about the pay scale later, she has enough on her mind." Matthew picked up the contract and slipped it into a drawer. "Now Sylvia can tell you about what we'll be doing."
"We'll be with you upstairs, there will also be two cameramen, Harry and Tim. Harry pretty much stays off set, getting the wide angle shots, and he can zoom in when he needs to. Tim will be moving around you, sometimes he'll even be on the bed. He get's close ups and POV shots."
"POV?" Dana frowned.
"Point of view." Matthew explained. "He'll be kneeling behind you to get shots of the talent going down on you or fucking you. He'll be right over the talent's shoulder when you're giving head."
"Um, does that talent have a name?" Dana forced a smile. "This sounds so impersonal."
"Sorry," Matthew shrugged. "Guess that's why I'm the paperwork guy."
"Todd will be the young man working with you, today." Sylvia told her. "He's twenty four, and has been with me since he was 19."
"Been as in been with her a few times." Matthew smirked.
"I am still hand's on, what can I say?" She returned the smirk. "You get a few roles too, so stop whining."
"He's been doing this five years already?"
"Yup, he started young, and he's fantastic in every way. Good looking, built, hung, and most important for this, he understands he's not working with a pro and will be patient, take his time, and knows you're the boss, but if you hesitate, he knows when and how to take over."
"Good to know, I think." Dana shook her head. "I can't believe I'm here."
"Most common thing we hear." Matt laughed.
"You said you watched some videos?" Sylvia asked.
"Just the one with Vanessa."
"Its going to start with me asking you some questions. I am going to mention you were a model."
"Why do we have to say that?" Dana didn't like the idea of giving away any personal information.
"You'll answer it was years ago, and that tells the guys, and women who watch that you've been a hottie from day one. It is also a nice touch to know something about the woman who's about to get down and dirty."
"No last name is being used and like Sylvia said, we're going to say years ago. You think anyone will really go looking? Google 'models named Dana from years ago?" Matthew chimed in. "Its pretty generic honestly."
"Okay."
'When we ask why, its up to you how you answer, but its best to get something out there other than money. That just screams desperate."
'People like that, luv," Matthew reminded his wife.
"True, and it is sexy in a sad sort of way, but a little something else adds to the heat. I can try to lead you along to something."
"After we ask the questions, we'll bring Todd in and then we'll let things get started." Sylvia continued. "You most likely heard me tell Vanessa that at the start we may make suggestions, but once things heat up, we try to just let you find your way."
"We will call out things like move your hair, or your hand, eyes up, things like that." Matthew took over. "Tim may whisper things to you as well, we edit him out later, but leave Sylvia in because she's the director."
Matthew looked to Sylvia. "Question, all mighty director. Will Miss Dana be undressing for us, or will Todd be helping her with that?"
Sylvia pursed her lips in thought.
"I'll ask her to strip down. Jeans aren't the sexiest thing for a guy to take off."
"You wanted me to wear them," Dana reminded her
"Because they look good when the woman takes them off, especially ones as tight as yours."
"You okay with that, Dana? Or you rather Todd help you off with your clothing?" Matthew asked.
"Why are you asking her?" Sylvia looked annoyed for the first time. "You asked me, and I'm directing the shoot."
"Sorry, luv, just trying to make Dana as comfortable as possible."
"So am I," She started pointedly at him. "Trust me."
"I'm not the one that has to." Matthew gestured to Dana. "Your call."
"I...I'm going to get naked anyway, so I guess I'll go with what the expert wants."
"Good choice." Sylvia stood up and coming over put her hand on her shoulder. "I'll tell you what I tell everyone, including the men who work for me. I do my best to bring out the best in people and do it in a way that works best for them, not me or anyone else."
"That makes me feel better, I think." Dana nodded slowly.
"And I am going to be a little more in control of your shoot than I normally am at the start, if I'm right, you'll know exactly why."
"Let's hope so."
"One more thing, then we'll head upstairs." Sylvia's hand remained on her shoulder as she looked down at her. "This I don't say on the set because it's a bit of a mood killer."
"Great," Dana sighed.
"There is going to come a couple points, especially early on when you are going to be seriously uncomfortable and wondering what the fuck you're doing here, and want to stop."
"You said I can stop anytime."
"Absolutely, but I ask that when you get those first twinges and wave of nerves, you try and hold on a little longer and not stop right away. I ask this for a selfish and selfless reason."
"So selfless, she is." Matthew rolled his eyes.
"The selfish part is nerves showing on the site makes this authentic and gets viewers into it. Hard for them to think you're really a pro when you look like you've seen a damn ghost."
"The other reason?"
"If you stop at the first sign of hesitation, then of course we will stop it. We'll give you a few minutes, and we'll try again. You quit a second time, we call it a day, you get your five hundred and we part ways."
"Wow, not even three strikes." Dana tried to joke.
"We know pretty quick who can pull it together and who can't. A second stop tells me that person is the latter, so why put her through more discomfort and why waste our time. This is a business and I'm paying everyone on that set. Time becomes money, both mine and yours.
"When the first twinges of wanting to quit rear their head, try and focus on something positive." Sylvia winked. "Like the hot young stud that's there just for you."
"And the other hundred women he's starred with." Dana grunted.
"But yours for the day, and isn't that just how you like them?" Sylvia laughed. "Think of him as a one hour stand."
"That's it?" Dana narrowed her eyes.
"Without any long stops or starts, that's it. Todd's a pro and he has endurance, but how long he lasts is up to you, and I'm sure you can be very inspiring when you want to be."
"One hour for five grand, Dana." Matthew came around the desk and extended his hand to her. "Ready to launch a new career?"
"Ready to not lose my house." She took his hand and rose to stand beside him.
"Whatever it takes, Dana." Sylvia said with no hint of a smile. "Whatever it takes for you not to let that prick have the last laugh."
Dana took a deep breath and squared her shoulders as Matthew released her hand and walked over to open the door for her and Sylvia.
"Whatever it takes."Chapter Ten
Dana sat at the foot of the king sized bed and tried to take slow calming breaths as she looked around the set. The bed was flanked by two nightstands, each with two bottles of water on it, and the one on her right featured a bouquet of fresh flowers in a red vase.
There was a painting of a sunset over the bed, and from the view of the large camera she was facing, it looked like an ordinary bedroom. However, to the left and right of that angle the large white painted room was just empty space.
In front of her, a tall heavy-set man, Harry, if her nerves allowed her to recall correctly, stood behind the camera held up by a tripod, fiddling around and looking at her through the lens. To his left a short thin balding man with glasses, was removing a small camcorder from a case.
Tim, the guy who would be all but on top of her when things started.
There were three stands of lights, one over the main camera and beaming down at her, while identical sets were to her left and right. A man stood by each of those, and on the floor next to them were handheld spotlights.
She knew those would get rid of any shadows the moving crew cast on the bed, as well as the ones Dana and the young man she was less than a few minutes away from fucking would cast. In this regard the set wasn't much different than that of a common photo shoot.
Where it differed was the young pretty redhead in a pair of pink shorts and a half shirt lounging in a small chair to the right of the cameraman. Sylvia had introduced her as Tammy, the 'fluffer' who would keep Todd hard if they had to stop in mid action and didn't want to have to break the sequence by Dana having to suck him again.
Tammy was borderline disturbingly chipper telling her that fluffers weren't as common these days because a lot of sites had the guys take Viagra, but Sylvia wanted 'natural' so she got a lot of work with her.
The rest of the crew had introduced themselves to her with smiles and handshakes while telling her to relax, and have fun. Tim gave her an awkward apology in advance for needing to get 'all up in there' as he put it during the shoot.
Matthew was off to one side, leaning against the wall and sipping a coke while Sylvia walked around the set, making sure everything was in place. Dana flinched when something dropped in front of her face, then relaxed when she saw it was the boom mike attached to a long pole.
"Sorry!" The thin older man, she thought his name was Kenny, exclaimed as he lifted the mic higher. "Just trying to get the range."
Another man who looked like he could have been Kenny's brother came over to stand behind the lights on her left, and placing a long pole onto a support, extended a similar mic, this one going above the middle of the bed, and raising almost to the ceiling.
"Everyone in position?" Sylvia asked while walking behind Harry and coming over to stand by Matthew.
"Kenny, get the mic over to the right," one of the light techs, His name had already been erased by her nerves, called out. "Its not picking Sylvia up all the way."
"Try now." Kenny offered as he eased the pole towards Sylvia.
"Sounds good!"
"Dana, can you say something please?" Sylvia asked.
"Something please." Dana relaxed slightly when everyone laughed at the joke.
"She sounds perfect." The other sound tech gave a thumbs up.
"Looks perfect too!" One of the light techs called out.
"Shut up, Stan." Sylvia snapped. "Try being professional here."
"I mean no shadows her majesty!" He retorted and everyone laughed again.
"Of course you did." Sylvia muttered, and the mic picked it up perfectly.
"Okay, one last thing I forgot to mention, Dana."
"God, there's more?" Her question, along with the way her eyes widened caused more snickers, but she was too nervous to join in.
"We'll introduce you as Dana. I don't like to use fake names because you might not respond to it right away if I tell you to do something. If you're worried about being recognized, well they've already known your name."
"Wonderful," she sighed.
"At the end I'll ask you if you would like to do another movie, if your answer is yes, I'll ask what your name will be. That's when you give a stage name."
"If you haven't thought of any," Matthew spoke for the first time since they'd reached the set. "DiDi Delight would work."
"Seriously?" Tammy giggled from her seat. "That sucks."
"So do you, and for a living." Matthew winked at her to show he was joking. "But yeah, DiDi is a play on your initials and matches your breast size pretty close. Delight speaks for itself."
"Lame." Tim rolled his eyes.
"We don't need it now. I can ask the question, then we edit in the response when you come up with one you like." Sylvia clapped her hands. "We ready people?"
"Ready!" They all spoke in unison.
"Dana, we good to start rolling?"
She closed her eyes, took a breath, and nodded.
"Okay, The Next Milf Porn Star starring Dana is live in three.....two..."
Dana opened her eyes and focused on the camera as Sylvia called out, "Roll!"
"Welcome to the site where video virgins lose their adult film cherry right in front of your eyes," Matthew spoke the introduction, which Dana hadn't caught in the video she'd watched. "And will decide if the porn industry is right for them. Will our next lovely amateur be a one and done or will she be the next milf porn star?"
Sylvia spoke the intro that Dana assumed had been cut from the cliff notes version of Vanessa's video she'd watched while drifting over to stand next to Harry so she was directly across from Dana.
"And who do we have here today?"
Dana froze and for the life of her couldn't get her own name out.
"Stop." Sylvia put her hand up. "We'll roll again with me just asking her name, the intro came out fine." She pointed to her.
"I know you're not camera shy, Dana, just try and sound natural. Just a few easy questions and not a lot of talking after that.
No, just fucking, she thought even as she nodded. "Sorry."
"Don't be sorry, just be yourself." Sylvia told her. "Again in three....two.... and who do we have here today?"
"Dana."
"Too soft," Matthew called out.
"Mic's at full volume," Kenny replied "Want me to lower it a few inches?"
"Oh my god, was that twice?" Dana blurted out. "I'm not done am I?"
"No, we don't count it at this point." Sylvia remained patient. "Just answer me the way you just said that. Normal volume, don't worry about sounding nervous, you're supposed to be."
Sylvia pointed to Harry,
"Third times a charm, three...two....And who do we have here today?"
"I'm Dana." Her voice was louder, but she could hear a tremor in it. Sylvia gave her a thumbs up as she went on.
"Welcome, Dana, can I ask how old you are?"
"I'm 43."
"Seriously? You look younger."
"Thanks." Was all she could think to say.
"And what brings you to us today?"
"I...to be the next milf porn star, I guess?" She resisted rolling her eyes at how uncertain she sounded, but coming up next to Sylvia, Matthew mouthed "Perfect"
"You don't sound to sure," Sylvia played off her reply. "I take it you've never done an adult film before?"
"No," she shook her head quickly, too quickly and again felt like an idiot.
"What's changed that you'd like to do this now?"
"Well, I...really need the money."
"An honest and very common reason. Anything else? Is it something maybe you fantasized about before, and thought was hot?"
Matthew reached out and tapped Harry's camera, taking the hint, she responded.
"I like being in front of the camera."
"But I thought you said you'd never done a movie before? Or do you just like your picture taken?" Sylvia made a rolling gesture with her hand, telling Dana to follow her lead.
"I'm a former model."
"Really? How recently? Would I have seen you somewhere?"
"It was back in my twenties, and I never did anything on the national stage, mostly local." The normal conversation had her sounding a little less nervous, and she was the reason Sylvia did these intros.
"But you have experience being filmed. Have you ever done any nudes?"
"No, some lingerie, that's as close as I got."
"What about home movies? Ever make a little something fun with your husband?"
"Ex-husband, and he wouldn't know fun if it bit him in the ass." She scowled and Sylvia whistled.
"Whoa, sensing some hostility. You're recently divorced?"
"Yes, its why I need the money."
"What do you think your ex would say if he saw this video?"
"Doesn't matter, I'm not his anymore." She straightened her shoulders and lifted her head defiantly "Besides, he used to say I was only good for one thing, using my body to get what I want, so who am I to prove him wrong?"
"Damn, girl!" Sylvia laughed. "Maybe we have a little revenge theme going here and its not just for the money?"
"No revenge," She shook her head. "Enjoying being single again is my reward."
Sylvia frowned, and Dana realized too late, she was looking for her to say something that would lead to her wanting to try this because it would be a turn on. Matthew whispered in her ear, and Sylvia tried again.
"We'll leave that alone, we're all about you getting your money, but also having some fun. You think you're going to have fun, Dana?"
"I hope so," she answered honestly.
"You said you liked being in front of the camera. What do you mean liked? Did you like showing off?
"I'd get wet on the set." This time Dana knew where she was going.
"Ooh, I like that. Looks like we have a little exhibitionist here. Little more detail for the fans?"
"I would just think about all the guys thinking I was hot, and getting turned on by me. In the lingerie shoots I'd think about what they'd want to do to me, and I'd soak through my panties right there on the set."
"That's damn hot, Dana, and this should be perfect for you, because what we're going to do here is take away the imagining and show them what they could do with you. How hot do you think that will make you?"
Dana pushed herself to smile.
"I'm looking forward to finding out."
"Then let's find out, shall we? Todd, why don't you come on over, and introduce yourself to Dana?"
Dana's head turned when she caught movement to her right. A young man with thick black hair, dressed in black shorts and a matching tank top, approached the bed from the far corner of the room.
He hadn't been in the room when she'd first entered and assumed, he'd slipped in through the door to his right, when the shoot started. As he grew closer, Dana eyed him with a mixture of apprehension and excitement.
He was a damn fine looking young man, with the cheekbones and soft features of a pretty boy, but sporting a five o'clock shadow to try and cover some of that pretty up. His eyes were a pale blue, and his muscular upper arms heavily tattooed with images of skulls and demon type things.
A pretty bad boy, a type that Dana found hot as fuck, and if she'd seen him in a club she'd be wet on the spot. But on a set, with ten people watching, eight of them men and already flushing from the heat of the lights, her reaction was far less exciting.
This was the guy who was going to fuck her. On camera to be released online, where parts of it would be pirated and live forever. Dana had no issue with casual sex, as she'd proved lately, but she'd never so much as met this kid.
"Hey, Dana," he gave her a smile as pretty as the rest of him, his white teeth cutting through the scruff of his stubble. "Its nice to meet you."
He extended his hand to her, and she took it, even though she knew he'd feel it trembling. His hand was large, and despite the fact he barely squeezed hers, she could feel the restrained power in his grip.
Young, hot, strong, and as her eyes reflexively dropped to his shorts, not just hung, but already at least semi hard.
"Um, yeah," she released a long breath. "Wow."
"Yup, wow is a good word for Todd." Sylvia took over. "And I know part of that wow is you know this is about to happen, right?"
Dana managed to nod as next to her, Todd stripped off his shirt, exposing more tattoos, and a stomach that looked like she could crack a walnut on. She stared at his body, trying to forget about the people around her, and focus on how hot he was, try and let her borderline nympho sex drive of late take over.
"You're a lucky woman, Dana." Sylvia laughed. "I'd trade places with you in a heartbeat."
Dana bit her tongue before she replied by telling her she could. Her hands were in her lap and tightly clenched together, and she knew from her experience as a model, she must look as stiff as...as stiff as Todd seemed to be getting just standing next to her.
On that note, her eyes fell on Tammy who was paying no attention to anything but her phone, and highly doubted she would be needed.
"How about showing Todd some of what he's in for?" Sylvia asked and when Dana stared at her blankly, she grabbed her own shirt and lifted it a couple of inches.
This was it, the beginning of the point of no return. Dana took a deep breath, and knew damn well the camera caught it, and Sylvia would probably love the realism. Crossing her arms, she grabbed the bottom of her shirt, and stripped it off.
She forced herself not to do it too quickly, fast movements were a telling sign of nerves, and even though they'd be fine with that, Dana needed to try and calm herself down. When the shirt was over her head, she dropped it on the bed, and without being told, reached back, and pulled her hair out of the ponytail.
She gave her head a shake, allowing her long thick black hair to fall down her back, as well as across her shoulders, a few strands sliding down the front of her chest.
"Damn, you have nothing to be ashamed of, Dana, that's for sure," Sylvia declared, taking in her large breasts in the skimpy bra. "What do you think, Todd?"
"I think I love my job." He winked down at her. Dana's attention was drawn to Tim who had come around to the right of the main camera and knelt to her left, a foot or so from the corner of the bed to remain out of sight.
"Try not to look at him," Todd whispered so softly she barely heard him.
She turned her gaze briefly downward at her chest, then looked back up at Sylvia.
"I'm sure I'm thinking what Todd, and everyone else is thinking. What's underneath those jeans? How about you stand up and show us?"
"Can't wait," Todd beamed at her, and Dana couldn't help noticing how much larger the bulge in his shorts had grown.
When she froze again, Sylvia raised her hands up, and after pausing to kick off the plain black sandals she wore, a move she noticed Tim catch with his camcorder, she rose to her feet. She undid her jeans, and again was aware of her fingers trembling and knew Tim was getting that too.
She unzipped and hooked her fingers into her pants, but stopped when Sylvia said.
"Why don't you turn around, and let us get a good look at that ass while you work those jeans off?"
Dana slowly turned, putting her back to the camera, and once again slipped her fingers into her jeans. She began to push them down, and from her left Tim whispered, "Slow and sexy, give us a show."
She pushed them down a little more, bending slightly as she did to push her ass out, and to her surprise, Tim continued in a stage whisper.
"I used to photograph regular models. Just think of this as a shoot, a lingerie shoot, you're just showing off your sexy thong, showing the men how sexy they are, and the women how sexy they can be."
His soft whispers, struck a chord with her, reminding her of the shoots she'd done in little more than what she wore under the jeans and an even skimpier bra.
"Show them what they want, make them want it."
Dana's modeling instincts took over, and she shimmied side to side as she worked the tight jeans down her ass, revealing the sides and back of the thong which was little more than red string.
"That's a girl!" Sylvia called out. "Give us the sexy!"
Dana's breath caught when she felt her nipples tightening, and the first trace of excitement tingling through her. She slowed the shimmy down when she felt the jeans slide down past her ass, which was all but bare except for the red material between her cheeks.
"Todd, why don't you help the rest of way?" Sylvia asked.
"My pleasure." Todd dropped to his knees, and eased her jeans down her legs.
Dana bent one leg at a time, letting him slip the jeans off, then gasped when he grabbed her left cheek and gave it a squeeze.
"Like that ass, Todd?"
"Its perfect, not one of those tiny little girl asses, and just soft enough to have a nice little jiggle.
Dana yelped when he gave her a playful little smack, then another on the other cheek. Todd then kissed her left cheek, and a shiver went through her when he gave it a quick lick.
"Crawl up onto the bed," Sylvia instructed "Keep showing off that fine body to all those guys. Bet they already got their cocks in their hands."
"Thinking about being between those sweet cheeks." Todd commented. "I know I am."
Dana did as she asked, and again with deliberate slowness, placing one knee, then the other on the bed, and crawling up to the middle of it, she remained where she was, and lowering her upper body to push her ass higher swayed back and forth.
"Damn hot!" Sylvia complimented her. "Todd, you should be loving your job."
Dana felt the bed move and glancing past her arm saw Tim kneeling on the edge of it, the camera trained directly on her ass, which she was still moving. As it had when she'd taken her jeans off, her prior experience posing took over.
Dana slid her legs out behind her so she was now on her stomach, then bent her knees, kicking her feet back and forth.
"Someone's warming up!" Sylvia's voice sounded behind her. "And I bet in more ways than one."
She'd have won that bet as a warm sensation grew between her thighs, and Dana's face was now flush for a reason other than the hot lights. She could see the men around her, eyeing her, and although this was their job, they certainly weren't beyond appreciating what they saw.
She thought of Tim behind her, the camera zooming right to her pussy, barely covered by a strip of red and framed by her well rounded cheeks. Dana rolled over onto her back, slowly whipping her legs up and around, spreading them wide before planting her barefeet on the bed, her legs spread.
Now she could see Tim leaning forward training the lens directly between her thighs. Dana placed her hands on her breasts through the bra and slowly slid them down her stomach, past her pussy and along her soft inviting thighs.
Her red tipped nails looked damn good and on the slow journey back up, she slid her right hand over her pussy while lifting her hips into it.
"Getting a show before the show!" Sylvia waved her hand, getting Dana to look her way and leaning over, tapped her knees then lifted her hands.
Dana knew exactly what she meant, and at the same time recalled Sylvia had mentioned she'd done some actual modeling and was using that experience to guide her. She pushed herself forward so she was kneeling in the middle of the bed, and when Sylvia spread her hands apart, she let her legs slide open.
Sylvia snapped her fingers and pointed at Todd. He quickly climbed up on the bed, and sliding over, knelt behind Dana.
"I think we've teased long enough, all yours, Todd."
Todd gently ran his hands up her back, causing her to flinch, then slipping a strong arm around her waist, brushed her hair from her neck and gave her a soft kiss.
"Oh." Dana whispered at the contact, her eyes widening slightly.
"Nice and easy," Todd whispered in her ear, just before he kissed her again just below it. "We go slow, there's something you're not feeling good about tap me twice. You really get nervous you just say stop, okay?"
"Hmm-mm" she made the answer sound like her reaction as guided by Sylvia leaning her head, Dana let hers fall to the left, giving Todd, and the camera, better access to her neck.
"Okay, then let's have some fun, just focus on what we're doing and ignore them." Todd's voice was soft and his lips gentle. Even his arm around her was relaxed and not trying to hold her in place.
Dana closed her eyes and tried to relax as his lips worked the length of her neck. He pushed his hips into her, and she caught her breath at how hard he felt even though the shorts. He ground his cock into her ass as he put his other arm around her, while nibbling playfully on her ear.
"You can kiss me if you want," he laughed in her ear. "I wouldn't mind."
As if she'd somehow heard his words, Sylvia puckered up across from her.
Dana turned her head, and leaned back into Todd, her lips parting to meet his. He kissed her with surprising softness, his lips barely grazing hers. The second time he kissed her, was firmer, and this time she kissed him back.
As soon as she did, his kiss became harder, and his tongue flicked across her lips. Dana could still feel the tension in her body and her eyes kept darting over to Tim who was now to her right and barely a foot away, getting a close up of their faces.
She parted her lips and groaned when Todd's tongue slipped into her mouth. She swirled hers over it, opening her mouth wider than she needed to, as she'd seen other women do in some of the porn she'd watched.
Dana caught his tongue between her lips and sucked gently on it, and was surprised to hear Todd make a soft sound of pleasure in his throat. His hands were now moving, fondling her stomach and making their way upwards.
She gasped into his mouth when he slid his hands over her breasts and squeezed them. The first squeeze was gentle, the second much firmer and it was her turn to groan into their now much deeper kiss.
His fingers teased her nipples though the lace, and in response, Dana's hips moved, now grinding back into his cock. She put her hands over his, pressing them harder into her tits, and this time when she caught sight of Tim next to them, a surge of heat flowed through her.
She thought of the camera, zooming right in on their kiss as the main one caught the wider shot with her kneeling, legs splayed, Todd groping her tits. She imagined the view of her now moving hips and the mic catching her louder, and more convincing whimpers into Todd's mouth.
"Sylvia," he whispered into the kiss.
She shifted her eyes to see Sylvia much closer to the bed, and when she saw she had her attention, reached behind her back. Despite her increasing arousal, Dana felt her stomach tighten even as she reached back behind her, her hands sliding along Todd's chest as he leaned back to give her room to unhook her bra.
Dana's fingers were shaking again, and it took her a couple of tries to undo the hooks. When he felt the bra pop loose. Todd's hands left her breasts to ease the straps down her arms, and Dana, her heart pounding, drew her elbows back so he could get the straps off of her.
The cups of the bra slipped down her breasts, showing off more of them before she caught it with her hands. Todd put his hands over hers, but held them there and didn't try to remove the bra.
"Don't get shy on us, Dana, show everyone those gorgeous tits. The ones every guy that sees them will think about sucking and cumming all over."
This was it...if the bra came off her tits would be exposed to a room full of people and who knew how many eventual viewers. Dana's nerves warred with the exhibitionist inside her who was in her glory at the thought of being topless in front of a camera for the first time.
More than that, exactly what Sylvia had just said. Men wanting them, wanting to suck her nipples, slide their cock through them, cum on them.
"Breathe," Todd said in her ear as he resumed kissing her neck. "We can stop is you want."
Dana found his lips to buy a few more seconds and keep the scene from stalling. As she kissed him, she heard Ben's nasty remark in her mind. "Only good at one thing." Followed by her comment of only a few minutes ago, of why prove him wrong?
He'd called her a tarnished trophy wife, made her sound as if she were getting old, and was only fucking young boys because they didn't know any better. What better fuck you to him than to put herself on full display for men of all ages to fantasize about and jerk off too?
And while doing so snatch the house he was so sure she'd have to give up away from him?
"Fuck you," she whispered.
"Huh?" Todd eased his face from hers, a confused look on his face.
"I am so going to fuck you," she whispered, covering up the fact she was talking to the Ben in her mind. "Time to do what I've been told I do best."
His confused look turned to a smile, one which broadened when she slipped her hands from beneath his and raised her arms up, inviting him to take her bra off. Todd did it slowly, easing the cups from her breasts, and letting it fall between her legs.
Todd cupped them, lifting them slightly and showing them off for the camera. When his thumbs stroked her nipples, Dana's moan was real and loud enough to elicit a smile from Sylvia accompanied by a thumb's up from Matthew.
Todd's lips were back on her neck, and Dana reached behind her with her right hand, grabbing his cock through his shorts.
"Damn," she moaned at both the feeling of his cock, and the way he was now rolling her nipples between his fingers.
Her free hand ran along his arm, squeezing his impressive bicep, then his thick well-muscled forearm. She gripped his hand as he played with her breast and worked her hips in tight circles. The motion wasn't just for show, but the fact she was heating up, and even Tim, now lying on the bed, shooting her breasts from below, had no effect on her.
No, that wasn't true, it was adding to her rising excitement. Todd's right hand left her breast and as he slid it down her stomach, she replaced it with hers, now fondling her breast, her finger stroking her aching nipple.
"She's well passed warmed up now." Sylvia commented. "I think we're seeing a natural here people."
Dana let her head fall back against Todd, letting his continued to work her neck as his fingers teased along the edge of her thong. This time she didn't tense as when he slipped his hand into it.
"Oh, fuck!" She exclaimed when his fingers slid over her throbbing clit, and that earned her another smile from Sylvia.
"She wet, Todd?"
"Damn straight she is!" Todd replied as his fingers slid through her moist lips.
He rubbed them several times before sliding back to her clit and this time when he touched it, Dana grabbed his wrist and held his hand there.
"Oh, fuck, yeah," she purred, working her hips into his fingers which were now moving in slow circles on her aching clit.
"I'm going to lay you back, okay?" Todd spoke in her ear.
"You can do whatever you want," Dana breathed through her parted lips as she continued to toy with her nipple.
"Oh, he will." Sylvia laughed. "Todd loves his work."
"Who wouldn't?" Todd slipped out from behind, her, and now kneeling next to her eased her back.
Dana unfolded her legs, stretching them out, and keeping them open as she lay on the bed. She would have laughed when Todd slipped a pillow under her head, but she was too busy moaning as he'd kept his hand between her legs while changing positions.
He knelt to her right and leaning over, sucked her nipple into his mouth.
"Yes," Dana groaned, "Oh yes!"
"Thong." He spoke quietly around her nipple.
Dana hooked her thumbs into her thong, she bent her legs, and drew her knees back, lifting her hips to ease it down. There was a moment of panic that she was about to expose her pussy for the internet porn world to see.
That moment vanished when she saw Tim slide down to the foot of the bed, and kneel on the floor, the camcorder on the bed, as he prepared to get the close-up of her pink slit. Todd helped that along by sliding his hand from between her legs, giving a clear view.
Dana pulled the thong down to her knees, before Todd leaned over and slipped it off, letting it join the pile of clothes on the bed. She kept her legs in that position, her eyes on the camera trained on her exposed pussy, and her lust at what the men watching would think was in full gear.
She lowered her legs, and Todd quickly slipped his fingers through her pussy, but this time he plunged two fingers inside it.
"Fuck!" She cried out as he wiggled them inside her while his thumb found her clit.
Todd remained on his knees, fingering her now sopping cunt while playing with her right nipple. Dana flinched when Tim, who moved so quickly and quietly, it was borderline unnerving, was now kneeling next to her, leaning over, and holding the camera over her face to get her expression as Todd fingered her.
His fingers were now knuckle deep and he was working his hand back and forth, shaking them roughly within her. It felt incredible, the sensation heightened by his thumb lightly working her clit.
Dana's hips were bucking, and she moaned even louder when Todd leaned over to suck her tit again. He reached over with his free hand, squeezing her other breast, and briefly stroking her nipple with his thumb.
Todd removed his fingers from her aching pussy, and she moaned in frustration, her hips still rocking, imploring him to put them back inside her. Instead, he swung over her, placing a leg between hers, and once again kissing her.
Dana slipped her arms around his shoulders, her hands roaming over his muscular back as they kissed. She slid herself down the bed a few inches, until her pussy came into contact with his knee, and ground her hips.
She wasn't sure if the camera would catch that, but at this point, Dana wasn't just putting on a show. She was horny as fuck, and wanted his fingers, or better yet his cock, in her cunt.
Dana placed her hands on his chest, sliding them down and marveling at how goddamn hard his stomach was. But that wasn't the hard flesh she was after. She reached his waist and grabbing his shorts fumbled to unsnap them.
Her fingers were still trembling enough to cause her difficulty undoing the tight button, but now it was as much from excitement as nerves.
"Not yet," he said as he lowered his head and nuzzled her neck so he could speak in her ear without the camera catching it. "Sylvia wants her women to be satisfied before the men get their turn."
To prove his words, Todd, slowly crawled backwards, kissing his way down her chest, and lingering between her breasts. In turn, he took each of her nipples in his mouth, sucking, then making a show of tonguing them.
Tim hovered just out of range of the main camera, filming Todd's slow teasing journey down the length of her body. Dana put her hands on his shoulders, urging him to get between her legs sooner.
Todd took his time, kissing and licking her stomach as Dana squirmed on the bed, and struggled not to tell him to stop playing, and lick her damn pussy. He teased his tongue through the dark hair just over her slit, then turned his head and kissed her inner thigh.
He kissed the other as his fingers slid through her lips, then blew lightly on her aching clit. Her hips jerked, and she released an impatient whimper that she was sure the sensitive mic above the bed would pick up, and Sylvia would be thrilled with.
Todd settled down, stretching his legs out behind him, and fondling her thighs, giving them a squeeze as if to show off they were a bit on the softer side. He spread her wet lips with his thumbs, and when his tongue made contact with her clit, Dana gasped;
"Yes!"
Todd flicked his tongue across her swollen flesh several times before swirling it side to side and working down through the folds of her pussy. When he plunged his tongue inside her, Dana moaned, her hips moving and her red nails digging into his shoulders.
Her head jerked to the side, when she felt the bed shift behind her, and was startled to see Tim kneeling behind her head, to zoom in on Todd's face between her legs.
"We can edit that," someone called out. "Keep rolling."
Dana shifted her gaze back to Todd, who was moving his head, slowly sliding his rigid tongue in and out of her. She felt a twinge of nerves at having Tim being that close to her, which meant he'd be on top of her, when she would be sucking Todd's cock.
The last few minutes she'd been caught up in pure lust but was now enduring a return to reality at the thought of being naked and getting her pussy licked in a room full of people. Furthermore, the thought there would be men watching close ups of her pussy while Todd licked her.
The nerves must have shown, as Todd tapped her thigh lightly, getting her to look at him, and mouthed the word 'relax'. He then gave her clit a hard suck that made her gasp, and when he pushed two fingers inside her, the lust once again, rose to the surface, causing her to stop worrying, and get back to enjoying.
After all, she'd gone this far, why stop now? But she could stop and none of this would ever be seen. Five hundred dollars and on her way. In order to stop her mind from racing, Dana moved her hands from Todd's shoulders, and taking her nipples between her fingers, squeezed them.
She groaned as Todd worked his fingers while gently lapping at her clit, focused on the fact there was a hot young man between her thighs, and he was going to be there until she came. On film, with a live audience around her.
This time the thought sent her hips rocking and made her squeeze her nipples harder. Todd added a third finger, and she groaned as her pussy spread around them. Her groan turned into a surprised gasp when he curled his fingers inside her and wiggled them.
He straightened them, and as he alternately licked and sucked her clit, pumped his fingers into her. He wasn't being gentle, and Dana wasn't complaining as her hips found his rhythm, rising into his thrusting fingers.
She was so wet she could hear his fingers plunging into her, and when he buried them knuckle deep, and worked his hand side to side, she cried out in pleasure, and arched her back, pushing driving into them.
Todd's tongue played her clit like an erotically charged instrument, flicking up and down, then side to side, before tracing it in slow circles that gradually grew faster before slowing down again.
Sylvia hadn't been kidding about her videos being geared towards women in the sense of foreplay as Todd seemed to be in no hurry to get her off. Dana, on the other hand, was whimpering in frustration as she wiggled her hips and tugged hard on her nipples, straining to come.
The next time Todd thrust his fingers into her, he left them there and sucking hard on her clit curled them as he had before.
"Oh!" Dana yelped as he sucked rhythmically on her aching button while flexing his fingers inside her.
Dana straightened her legs along his sides, her toes curling and her entire body tensing. Todd was no longer teasing and was now going at her pussy with the enthusiasm of a starving man at a buffet. His lips smacked noisily into her moist flesh, and each time followed by an increasingly high-pitched yip from her.
"Oh...Oh, fuck!" She moaned, pulling and stretching her nipples to the point it bordered on painful. "Keep going, please keep going!" Dana shamelessly begged him.
Todd, continued sucking, but stopped moving his fingers for a few seconds. Dana began to whine in dismay, but when he suddenly curled them while surprising her by slipping a finger into her ass, her body exploded.
Right there, in front of a live audience, and being filmed, Dana came like an animal. Head back, mouth wide open and squealing like...a porn star. Todd continued to suck her clit while her holes contracted around his fingers and her hips ground into his face.
Dana pinched her nipples and emitted a low growl before her hips jerked and she released another long loud wail. She lifted her legs, wrapping them around Todd's shoulders, and crossing them at her ankles.
His face trapped between her now sweaty thighs, Todd was still all in, fingers pumping and tongue swirling. Dana was so overcome by the waves of pleasure crashing through her it didn't even faze here to see Tim standing up on the bed, the camera pointed straight down at her face.
It did, however, add even more to her already out of control passion at the idea of what she must look like. Eyes wide mouth open, sweaty, her dark hair fanned out on the bed. Over her loud yips and yelps, she heard clapping, and Sylvia call out; "Listen to her! That's so fucking hot!"
Dana's yelps turned into softer sighs and whimpers as the last of the orgasm flowed through her. Sensing her body relaxing, Todd slowed his licking and when she let her legs fall limply by his sides, he eased his fingers from her sopping pussy.
He held them up, letting the camera get a good look at how sticky they were, and with a smile went to put them in his mouth. It was his turn to release a sound of surprise, when Dana sat up, grabbed his wrist, and pulled his hand to her mouth.
Opening wide, she sucked all three fingers into her mouth. Her eyes rolled back at the taste of her own juices, and she moaned quietly around them. She eased them back and made a show of licking each fingertip.
"I think Dana's hungry, Todd," Sylvia teased. "Maybe you should give her something to eat?"
"I suppose I could do that." Todd winked at the camera and rose on his knees.
He slid down the bed, allowing Dana enough room to reverse their positions and slide down onto her stomach. Propped up on her elbows, she grabbed his shorts open shorts and rather than pull down his zipper, tore them open.
The zipper was forced down but accompanied by a tearing sound as the material ripped on one side.
"She is hungry," Sylvia laughed.
Dana grabbed his cock, and when she pulled it from his shorts, her eyes widened. Back in her wild days, she'd seen some sizeable cocks, and since she'd left Ben, some impressive ones. But what she now held in her hand, inches from her face, was a goddamn monster.
Longer than she'd ever had, and so thick her fingers could barely get around it. His swollen dripping tip was an angry purple, and when she squeezed, pre cum squirted from the tip.
"Her hair." Tim whispered behind her.
Todd brushed her hair from her face and kept his large hand on the back of her head, as she slowly licked her lips in anticipation of having this magnificent cock between them.
"I think I'm getting hungry." Sylvia sighed dramatically in the background. "Come on, Dana, let's see you love that cock."
Dana parted her lips, easing them over his sticky tip, and when she had his head in her mouth, sucked hard. Her mouth filled with precum, and Todd's hand tightened in her hair, as she worked her lips slowly down his shaft.
He was so big! She was barely more than halfway down his shaft, and her mouth was completely stuffed with his hard flesh. She opened wider and managed a couple more inches before she stopped, and slowly shook her head back and forth.
Todd groaned as she swirled her tongue around his shaft, and worked his sensitive head around her warm wet mouth. The bed shifted as Tim, who was surprisingly nimble, walked around on it so he was leaning over Todd's shoulder.
"Eyes up," he instructed.
Dana turned her eyes to the camera, and the idea of it catching the image of her with her mouth full of cock, sent a fresh wave of wet heat between her legs. Tim shifted the camera up slightly, and Dana knew he was getting a shot of her body stretched out on the bed.
Dana bent her legs and crossed her ankles, assuming the classic blow job position she'd seen in a lot of movies, and it wasn't lost on Sylvia who called out.
"Gorgeous! Damn, what a view!"
Dana added to it by spreading her legs open so the main camera could get a view of her glistening pink slit. She made a wet gagging sound as she forced more of his cock down her throat, while pulling his shorts down to expose his balls.
She cupped them in her hand, admiring how large and heavy they were, while sliding her mouth back up the length of his cock. When she reached the tip, she went back down, faster this time, then bobbed her head in a steady rhythm.
Dana's eyes stayed on the camera as she angled her head and was now able to take Todd's exceptionally long cock further into her mouth. She tickled his smooth balls with her nails and moaned softly as she blew him.
Her hips were pumping, grinding her pussy into the now wet sticky sheet beneath her as she imagined what he was going to feel like inside her. Dana took him even deeper, once again making a gagging sound, but still forcing more of him down her throat.
Her eyes watering and her face turning red, Dana opened her mouth as wide as she could and with a triumphant moan, got his full length into her mouth.
"Goddamn," Todd groaned as her lips wrapped around the base of his shaft.
Dana kept him there, getting used to him, then with a sloppy wet slurping sound, removed him from her mouth. Spit and pre cum dripped down her chin as she pushed his cock against his stomach and licked his balls.
"Oh, that's good," Todd encouraged her as she bathed his balls with her tongue, before sucking one of them into her mouth.
She grabbed his cock, pumping it as she worked his sac, sucking each of his balls in turn. Dana slid her tongue up the front of his shaft, and turning her head, rubbed him along her cheek, marveling at the fact his cock was close to the length of her entire face.
She pushed his head into her cheek, smearing it with pre-cum, then turned her head, getting that side of her face, sticky as well. Dana took a deep breath, and taking him back into her mouth went to town.
Todd groaned as she bobbed her head faster than before, each suck going a little further down then the last. Todd put his other hand in her hair, and lifting it, wrapped it into his fist. He held her head still, and pushed his hips, slowly easing himself further into her mouth.
"Face fuck?" he whispered.
Dana held her head still as a yes, and he rocked his hips, working his cock in and out of her mouth.
"Put your hands on my thighs," he instructed. "One tap to go harder, two and I'll stop."
He moved his hands so they were on the sides of her head, but still left a clear view of his cock invading her mouth as he moved his hips faster. Dana tapped once, and he began to fuck her mouth more forcefully.
Dana gurgled each time his cock hit the back of her throat but gave him another single tap. Todd slid his cock out and after slapping it on her face, then her protruding tongue, he plunged it deep into her mouth,
She gagged, and a fresh set of tears flowed down her cheeks as Todd fucked her mouth with the long hard strokes she yearned to feel in her cunt. She kept her watering eyes on him the entire time, and felt her face growing hotter from lust and exertion as he worked her mouth as roughly as he had her pussy when he'd fingered her.
Dana's feet kicked back and forth and sticky drool flowed down the side of her mouth as he continued his assault on her face. Todd thrust into her and this time, pushed deeper, forcing every inch of him down her willing throat.
When his balls hit her chin, he remained there and Dana didn't protest, instead, her hips worked harder and her aching nipples pressed into the sheet, as pre cum slid down her throat and she struggled not to gag on him.
Todd sat up, and keeping one hand in her hair, leaned over, and managed to slip his hand between her legs. She released a muffled squeal around his cock, when his fingers probed her pussy. He resumed thrusting into her mouth while he pushed two fingers into her, and her hips bucked in time with them.
Dana moved her head, now bobbing it in time with the less violent movement of his hips and forcing his cock harder into her mouth.
"Goddamn," Todd moaned. "This girl wants it!"
"Then give it to her." Sylvia's reply sent a thrill through Dana and she released his cock with another spray of pre cum laced drool.
Todd grabbed her shoulders and hauled her up to her knees, before he lay back on the bed. Dana eyed his glistening spit laced cock for a moment before swinging her leg over his, so she could straddle him.
Todd reached around, grabbing his cock and she whimpered when he rubbed his tip on her clit. She rocked her hips, trying to get him inside her, but he moved his cock, sliding his head through her lips several times.
When he guided it into her yearning pussy, she whimpered again, this time from the sensation of his huge head spreading her open. Todd grabbed her hips, and thrust his, driving the full length into her.
"Oh, my fucking god!" Dana squealed as he impaled her on his cock.
He was so big it was painful, but he remained still as she wiggled her hips, helping her pussy to spread around his girth and get accustomed to him.
"You start," Todd whispered up at her. "Slow as you need to."
Dana moved her hips in circles, then side to side, working his huge cock into her completely stuffed cunt. She moaned as she leaned over, bracing her hands on his chest as she now moved her hips slowly up and down.
She'd never felt so.... full! She moved her hips higher, sliding more of his length from her before coming back down on him. She went slow at first, until it was no longer uncomfortable, then faster.
Todd grabbed her tits, squeezing them and playing with her nipples as she rode him faster and with more confidence. He pushed her up, so she was siting straight up on him, and realizing that was for show, Dana gave them one.
She put her arms over her head, taking her hair with it and rocked back and forth on his lap, riding him much slower and more sensually. She put her hands over his as he played with her tits, and let her head fall back so her hair cascaded down her sweat slicked back.
"That's modeling experience right there," Sylvia applauded. "Dana knows what she's got and just how to show it to us!"
Dana barely heard her as her attention was on Todd's strong hands on her tits, and his amazing cock filling her cunt. She dropped back down so she was over him, and moaned when he guided her nipple to his lips.
He grabbed her hips, and she squealed when with no warning he bucked his, fucking her hard. He put his arms around her, and pulling her down against him spoke next to her head.
"Same deal, I go too hard, tap twice. Just remember, they want to see you really get fucked."
"Good," she breathed in his ear. "Because I really want to get fucked." She paused for a moment before adding. "Just take me, as hard as you want, anyway you want."
"You're sure?"
"Baby," she purred. "You feel how wet I am? If it weren't for the cameras, this would just be a Friday night fuck for me."
"I hope you stick around," he playfully nipped her ear. "I want to work with you again."
"Then work me now."
"Yes, ma'am." He chuckled then wrapping his arms mor tightly around her, pinned her to his chest and tore into her.
Dana howled in his ear as he put his feet flat on the bed and showed off his impressive strength by lifting himself high enough to really drive his hips into her. She yelped repeatedly as he pounded her with a force that had her gushing around his cock.
His hands slid down her back, and grabbing the cheeks of her ass, he spread them apart. She knew Tim was back behind them, getting a close up of her pussy being plundered, and her rosebud exposed for everyone to see.
That got her even hotter as the exhibitionist in her had found the ultimate way to show herself off. She let her weight go, her fingers digging into Todd's shoulders as he fucked her full speed for a while, causing her to notice his amazing control, after the way she sucked him, and him fucking her like this his breathing was still steady and his body relaxed.
Every other guy she'd been with would have blown his load already. But what did she expect? He was a damn pro.
And now so was she.
"Let's see some reverse cowboy." Sylvia suggested.
Todd stopped moving, and Dana got back to her knees, then unsure how to do it without being clumsy, carefully rose to her feet on the bed. She turned herself around and would have fallen when her foot found a soft spot in the otherwise firm mattress.
Tim caught her arm, steadying her enough to get her balance, and now standing over Todd, his legs between hers, she lowered herself into a squatting position. Todd held his cock as she slowly lowered her weight, this time easing down on him.
She put her hands on his thighs and using her legs raised and lowered herself onto him. Todd grabbed her ass, fondling it as she bounced on his incredible cock. Tim was back in front filming his thick shaft spreading her pink lips each time she thrust downward.
She yelped when Todd slipped his arms around her waist and pulled her backwards. He'd sat up against the headboard and when her back hit his chest, he held her tight and fucked her as hard as he had before.
"Put your feet on my thighs." He said into the back of her neck.
With her weight against him it was easy to lift each of her legs and brace her feet on his thick thighs. He slipped his hands between her legs, resting them on her thighs as she spread them open for a clear view of his cock entering her.
"Yes!" Dana cried when his right hand went between her legs and his fingers found her clit. "Oh, fuck!"
He rubbed her once again swollen clit in hard fast circles while he fucked her relentlessly. Dana was reduced to making sharp yipping sounds in between high-pitched moans as he rubbed her pussy as hard as he was fucking her.
"Oh god!" she called out as she could already feel her body tensing even though she'd only come a few minutes ago.
Even back in her wildest days, Dana couldn't remember being this aroused. That arousal increased when she could now see Tim kneeling on the floor at the foot of the bed filming Todd's cock and fingers working over her excited cunt.
"Oh! Oh!" Dana called out several times in succession before she went over the edge, erupting into her second orgasm of the shoot.
Todd had her pinned to his chest, and she couldn't move hips. She squirmed and writhed against him as her pussy contracted around his thick shaft and she alternately squealed and whimpered from her climax which seemed even stronger than the first one.
Todd kept fucking her convulsing pussy as her fingers went to her nipples, pinching them and adding to the already powerful contractions of her climax. The moment Dana went limp, Todd shoved her in the back, sending her onto her stomach on the bed.
Before she could react, his hands were on her hips, and with a wrench of his shoulders, he'd turned her onto her back. Todd grabbed her ankles, lifted her legs, and drove into her with one smooth thrust.
There was no asking. This time Todd did just as she asked and took her. Her eyes rolled back, and her mouth remained open in a permanent O as he mercilessly fucked her still quivering pussy. Todd closed her legs and wrapping his arm around her thighs and leaned forward. Dana was now staring at her feet over her face as he drove down even deeper into her.
She yelped and moaned, unable to do anything but lie there as he gave her the hardest fucking of her life. He shifted her legs so her feet were on his shoulders, and leaned further. Her ass was off the bed and she was bending like a pretzel as he grabbed her tits and roughly squeezed them while fucking her.
"Fuck, fuck!" Dana cried out and slipping her arms around her legs, held them back for him as he ripped into her delighted cunt.
Todd was sweating and for the first time breathing heavy from exertion. The muscles in his arms and chest stood out as he ravaged her helpless pussy, and Dana was loving every minute of it. Tim was moving around the bed, getting shots of just her face, then her pussy being invaded as well as Todd's body and him fondling her tits.
Todd turned his head, and cocked it towards Sylvia, giving her some type of signal. Sylvia made a rolling gesture with her hand, and Todd withdrew from her. Once again he took Dana by the hips, and tossing her like a ragdoll, flipped her back over on her stomach.
He pulled her up and back so she was on her knees, her ass in the air, and slammed into her.
"Fuck that's deep!" Dana howled as Todd spreads her ass and hammered her from behind.
Tim was now kneeling a foot from Dana's face so she was moaning and yipping directly into the camera. Strands of her hair were plastered to her sweaty face and she knew her eyes were wide, bulging, and bright with lust, her mouth open and face beet red.
"Yes!" She hissed into the camera. "Give it to me! Work that sloppy fucking cunt!" She sucked on her lower lip before she added. "Show my loser ex husband how a real man fucks!"
She had no idea where that comment came from, but it sent such a thrill through her, she kept going.
"Fuck his wife! Take me the way he never could! Show him he was right that this is what I'm good at! Fucking young cock and this time all his friends are going to see it! They're going to see how fucking hot I am and hear me saying how he could never handle me!"
"I love it!" Sylvia yelled. "Show him. Dana! Show him what he'll never have again, but a lot of other men will."
"A lot of men!" Dana breathed in between her groans as behind her Todd was fucking her like a goddamn machine. "Fucking and sucking them! Taking their cocks and getting covered in their cum!"
She lowered her head to the sheet, panting and whining as Todd somehow found another gear and was fucking her so hard it was impossible to talk and was beginning to be painful. But she pushed backwards nonetheless, sending her pussy into his driving cock.
Todd gave her ass a slap that made her pussy contract around him, then hit the other side. He grabbed her hair and yanked her head back, forcing her to push up so she was on her hands and knees.
Tim was still training the camera on her face as she moaned continuously with an occasional "Oh, god!" mixed in.
Todd suddenly pulled out of her, and Sylvia, who had come around to stand behind Tim pointed to her mouth. Dana had barely registered the gesture, when Todd, grabbed her right hip and shoved.
Dana rolled over onto her back, to see Todd, holding his cock in a death grip and rising up to his feet. He stepped over her and lowering himself down so he was straddling her chest, pointed his cock at her face.
"Open wide and offer the tits." Sylvia said behind her.
Dana grabbed her breasts, pressing them together. She lifted her head from the mattress and opening wide, wagged her tongue at him. Todd released his cock and Dana flinched when a thick spurt of cum squirted past her mouth and into her hair and all over her forehead and between her eyes.
The second spurt went directly into her mouth, as did the second, splashing on her tongue. He leaned closer and moved his still squirting cock to get some on her cheek, then eased back, letting the rest of his huge load spray onto her tits, getting a couple of long white lines on either one before the rest oozed onto her chest between her tits.
Dana grabbed his cock, and tugged him toward her, lifting her head higher, she took him into her mouth, staring up at him, and Tim, who was now behind him. She sucked him hard and fast, getting a few more drops from him and swirling the cum in her mouth around his cock.
Todd moaned and gasped as she held his sensitive head in her sloppy mouth while jerking his cock and working his balls with her other hand, completely draining them. When Todd, groaned 'stop' she parted her lips and he eased his head from her mouth.
As Todd back away, Dana sat up and held up her tits. She lowered her head, opened her mouth, and let the cum drool from her mouth. It spilled onto her chin, then onto each of her tits and in between them, sliding down her stomach.
"Goddamn, that was fucking epic!" Sylvia called out loudly, then whispered behind her. "Stay just like that."
Sylvia sat on the bed beside her, a microphone, which Dana was sure was just for show, in her hand.
"Tell you what, girl, after that, I'm ready to go fuck my man and I bet every guy or woman who sees this is going to be coming damn hard and to and over you!"
She paused and asked.
"So, how do you feel?"
Dana stared into the camera, aware of the cum sliding down her cheeks and chin.
"That was...wow."
"Wow, says it all, right Todd?"
"She's a natural," Todd said. "Like I said, I love my job."
"That's a lot of love on Dana's face!" Sylvia paused after the joke, before continuing. "What do you think, Dana? Will you be coming back for more?"
"Hell yeah!" Dana smiled through her cum coated lips. "When can we do it again?"
"I love it! As soon as you want, we're ready when you are."
Running her tongue over her lips and slurping cum back into her mouth, her smile turned wicked.
"I want two next time."
"And two you'll get!" Sylvia turned to smile at the camera. "Looks like we're going to be seeing a lot more of this hot milf and I bet it still won't be enough to satisfy the viewers, because you were incredible today."
She pointed the microphone at her. "I asked you before the shoot to think of a stage name if you wanted to do more. Care to officially introduce yourself to our viewers?"
Staring into the camera, Dana hesitated for a few seconds. Her parents were gone, she had no other family she knew of and no kids to worry about, just a couple of friends, one of whom had put her up to this.
An image of Ben and that smug look on his face entered her mind. That look and how long she'd put up with it. Thought of his precious career and how important his reputation was, not just with clients, but his equally full of themselves overgrown frat boy friends.
"My name," she paused to wipe some cum from between her eyes and lick it from her finger. "Is Dana Darling, and I'm the next milf porn star."
Author's Note: Talk about revenge porn, think she'll send Ben the link? Dana was a fun character to write and I hope you enjoyed her as well. Being a contest entry, your vote and comments are greatly appreciated. It's hard to believe I've been writing here for 11 years and that many of you have been around for the entire ride, so to both my long time readers, and to the new ones as well, thank you for reading and supporting my stories. LC68