I would never have believed that my demure, sensitive, shy, soft-spoken wife would become the focal point of a group sex event, but one evening and a number of men was all it took to flip a switch in the depths of her sub consciousness.
When we met in college, Brie had a fresh, appealing beauty, and virtually no sexual experience. It took me months of patient effort, but I managed to coax her out oth the shell that had been built around her by over-protective parents. Holding my hand, she ventured into the outside world and built greater self-confidence as she blossomed and we fell in love. Such a young, innocent beauty was a rare find and I was very, very happy when we were married after college.
As unacquainted with sex as Brie was, she was nonetheless an eager partner and was always ready for experimenting with new activities. Looking back, we enjoyed a lot of variety within the framework of relatively straight sex. We got several books and tried all of the positions described, finding that some worked well and were pleasurable, whereas others were simply too much bending and were just uncomfortable. We tried watching each other masturbate, taking photos, some light bondage, making love in risky places in public where we might be seen, full on exhibition sex in a lit hotel window, some water sports, and, of course, toys. It was all in fun and we had a great time with each other.
As the years went by our lovemaking grew dull and repetitious, and we made several attempts to break our sexual block. We never seemed to push that magic button and settled into a routine of being comfortable together.
One day a coworker, Bill, mentioned that his group of friends threw twice a month. As he described the events it became clear that this was no ordinary beer and burger get together; it was an orgy of 20-30 couples who got together and celebrated their sexuality unashamedly. At the end of Bill's discussion he said that their group was always looking for new additions, and he extended an invitation to Brie and I for the next party.
As he talked, I realized that my heart was beating faster and I was becoming extremely aroused. I thought attending one of the functions would be a great turn-on, and I thought that I could talk to Brie about it and convince her to attend with me. Bill said that the group was sensitive to new-comers, having been their themselves at one time, and that if we decided to attend that no one would pressure us to do anything and that we could spend the evening fully clothed and just watch if we wanted to.
That was good to hear, because, although I thought I could talk Brie into going, I didn't think that she would have the nerve to give her body that freely to someone. I just hoped that maybe watching the goings on would be enough to re-stoke the fire in our relationship that had waned. I was very curious to hear Brie's reaction to my suggestion that we attend such a party. I was also curious to see her reaction to being in a room full of naked men, some probably more well-endowed that I, given that I was the only man she had ever been with, or seen naked for that matter.
When I got home that night I suggested that we go out to dinner and Brie jumped at the idea. After a leisurely Italian dinner at our favorite restaurant I cautiously broached the subject with Brie. She listened to all of the details, sitting there quietly taking in every word. After I was done she said silently for a minute or two before talking.
"I don't think that I could have sex with a stranger. Or strangers, for that matter. How would you feel seeing another man doing it to me, honey? Sticking his cock in me? How would it make you feel to see me having an orgasm on another man's cock?" I told her that I had thought that through and that I had concluded that I could handle anything that might happen.
"Well," she said, "I guess that there's no harm in going once and checking out one of the parties. It might be kind of a turn-on." We talked about it several times that night, addressing things that came to mind as we both thought about the step we were contemplating. We finally agreed that we would attend the upcoming party and the next day I told my co-worker to set things up for us.
The following Saturday night was met with excitement and nervousness on both our parts. Brie looked fantastic. She dressed modestly, but the combination with her fresh good looks and some light makeup was just stunning. She wore her blonde hair long and it fell on the rise of her breasts outlined under his cashmere sweater top. We arrived at the large house and were met by the host and hostess for the evening who invited us in warmly and directed us to the bar that had been set up. As we walked to the bar area, it was clear that the party was underway; people were standing around wrapped only in towels and several were on couches wrapped up in embraces, kissing, and feeling each other. Several couples were completely naked and were acting very nonchalant about it. As we walked through the house I took a look at Brie and noticed that she was flushed and that her nipples were engorged and visible through her sweater.
At the bar the music pounded out a steady, heavy rave rhythm and some people were dancing in various states of undress. The hostess caught up with us after we had our drinks in hand and gave us a tour of the large residence. After having another drink with Brie, I took her by the arm to a room with sliding glass doors that led to a deck with a large hot tub that didn't have anyone in it. We talked and decided to get naked and get in the tub. It was more natural for us and would give us a chance to get our bearings. We hung our clothes on some adjacent hooks and walked outside to the tub.
Sitting in the tub, Brie leaned over and whispered over the jets, "I've got to admit it: this is all turning me on, babe." She positioned herself over a jet and let the stream hit her clitoris with some force. Within a few minutes she had an orgasm and let out a small cry. As soon as her orgasm subsided, Brie moved over to where I was sitting and started kissing me deeply.
A few minutes later another couple, who introduced themselves as Bill and Sue, climbed into the hot tub with us. As Bill climbed in I caught Brie checking out his semi-hard cock dangling between his legs. We got quickly into a lively conversation with the couple. Brie was initially embarrassed and kept her hand covering her breasts, but after a few minutes she got into the spirit of things and relaxed. I was sitting next to Sue and Bill slid over next to Brie. Sue's hand drifted onto my cock and she began slowly jacking me and I began to run my fingers up and down her sex, finding her large clitoris easily. I glanced over to see Bill kissing Brie and he was obviously running his fingers in and out of her under the warm, bubbling water. After a short period, Sue suggested that we all move to another room, so got out of the tub and dried off.
Our new friends took us to a bedroom lined with several mattresses and had Brie and I lie on our backs as they took their places between our legs. Brie looked over at me nervously as Bill opened her legs and I reached out and held her hand to reassure her. Cindy quickly took my hard cock deeply into her warm mouth. I heard Brie sigh as Bill began lapping her pussy and she tilted her head back and closed her eyes as she lost herself in his ministrations.
Sue's lips were working feverishly up and down the length of my shaft. It had been quite a while since I had been with another women and I was anxious to get on with it. I released Brie's hand and flipped my body around to put Sue into a 69. She was delighted and immediately began grinding her pussy onto m face. I looked over and saw that Brie and Bill had done the same.
The sight of my sweet Brie taking the cock of a man she'd just met into her mouth sent me over the edge. I watched as her tongue circle the glans of his penis head, and then darted out to lap up the precum leaking from the end of his organ. I was actually stunned that she had taken to this so quickly, as I was the only person she had ever given a blow job to before. Brie was obviously having an effect on Bill; his cock was fully erect and had turned a darker shade of red from his engorgement.
Sue got impatient with me as I was watching her husband with my wife and nudged me with her thighs to get my attention back on her. I began running my down up and down the full length of her sex, which was now oozing with her moisture into my mouth. I would suck on her clit for a moment, then run my tongue down to her opening and dip several times into her, then continue on to her asshole and rim her for several strokes, going in as deeply as I dared. I glanced over and saw that Brie was now going all-out on Bill's cock, her head bobbing up and down the full length of his cock as she took the head of his cock into her throat. His dark shaft was dripping with her saliva. He was still tonguing her furiously, and I could see him working his fingers in and out of her vaginal and anal openings as well.
Suddenly another man appeared behind Brie and bent over to whisper something in her ear. Brie stopped sucking Bill's cock and crawled over to where I lay, my tongue slathering over Sue's dripping sex.
"Honey," Brie whispered, "that man and his friend left their wives in another room and they want to fuck me. What should I do?" I turned slightly so that Brie could see that Sue was sucking on the biggest hard on of my life and I told her that it was from watching her in action. I told her that this was her chance to cut loose and try something that she wouldn't have dreamed of ever doing. Brie giggled and whispered that she hoped that she would have enough energy left to fuck me later. The third man walked into the room and her foursome got started. I heard Bill suggest that Brie sit astride his cock and the other two men helped her climb on board.
At this point Sue swapped her position and sat astride me in the same position that Brie was taking. She said that she was happy to find my cock in such an inflated state and asked if it had to do with what she had been doing, or if I'd gotten that way from watching my wife in action. I just shrugged as she slid her pussy over my drooling cock. I couldn't take my eyes of Brie; I watched as the bulbous head of the cock she'd just been tonguing poked about at her entrance and then slid inside her. Brie shuddered and gasped as she took Bill's cock inside her in one smooth motion. Seeing another cock, the first other than mine, embedded in my Brie's sweet pussy pushed me over the edge and I quickly shot a load deep into Sue, who began pumping be furiously and lost herself in her own orgasm quickly. After some deep kissing, Sue disengaged, thanked me and left the room to find another partner.
Brie was having the time of her life. The two other men knelt beside her as she pumped her hips up and down on Bill's cock. I could see from his glistening shaft that she was soaking him with her moisture. The men kissed her neck and breasts as she moved, and one of the men reached down and was working her clitoris feverishly. Brie fondled each of the men's erections, jacking them in time with the motion of her hips on Bill's cock.
After awhile the group swapped positions, placing Brie on her back. Without hesitation, she spread her legs widely and stayed in that position waiting for Bill to reclaim her. I saw that the door to the room was open and a group of men were standing there looking straight between my wife's spread legs, taking in the view of her sopping pussy. Brie smiled at them lewdly and reached down and spread her pussy lips open for them, massaging her clit. Bill got into position and slid his length back into her and began pounding her mercilessly. The other two men got on either side of her head and began to feed her their cocks, and Brie alternated back and forth between them, taking them deep into her mouth.
Normally Brie takes some time to come to cum, but with all of this stimulation she quickly let loose with a scream and shuddered in an orgasm for over a minute. She had focused her oral attentions on one of the two men at her mouth and with a moan he signaled the start of his ejaculation. My Brie was lost in her lust and lapped the unknown man's cum, and scooped the semen that had landed on her face into her mouth with her fingers, savoring it. Bill plunged his length into her pussy one last time and held it depositing his load deep in her pussy.
"Wow, this lady is something!" exclaimed one of the men watching from the door. Brie kept her eyes focused on this new man as he entered the room, and I was sure that she hadn't missed the massive semi-hard cock swinging in front of him as he walked. The other man in her original party hadn't cum yet, and he moved Brie onto her hands and knees and entered her from behind.
"Fuck me! Give it to me really hard! I just need more!" Brie said, looking over her shoulder at the man now thrusting into her. My sweet wife had now turned into a cock-hungry whore. The new man knelt in front of her and grabbed my wife's hair and held her head in place while he stuffed his growing cock into her mouth. The behind her was now fucking her in a steady rhythm. Brie's new lover pulled his cock out of her mouth and had him lick each of his large balls. He then shifted his body and gave her access to his perineum and anus. She instinctively knew what he wanted and went for it. I watched in amazement as my wife buried her tongue in the man's crack, and from his facial expression she had obviously made tongue contact with his asshole and spent some time licking him there.
Several more men crowded into the room to watch Brie's lewd display with the two men currently taking her. Once the man behind unloaded his cock in her, she spun around and presented her dripping cunt to the man she'd been eating. I could see globs of semen running down the backs of Brie's thighs as her new lover slammed his now huge hardened member into her. Brie boldly grabbed the hips of a new man standing near he, pulled him to her and sucked half of his cock into her mouth.
"God, this girl is hot," said the man with his cock in Brie's mouth. "Give this slut the fucking she needs, Rich!" The man fucking her just grunted, and then said, "Man, she sucks a mean cock, too. Do you want to cum in her mouth, or do you want me to finish quickly so you can try out her pussy, too?" The nonchalance of the salacious banter was unbelievable, and was serving to send Brie into a sex charged zone of sensation.
A full-scaled gangbang was now in progress, and my wife was the focus. She was a receptacle for cock, a body for the men to shoot their loads into and then move on. And she was loving it. I just sat in the corner of the room and watched the whole show, rubbing my hand over the head of my oozing penis slowly. One after another, the strangers at the party took advantage of my Brie's extreme sexual arousal and there seemed to be no end to it. Each would shoot his seed into her sloppy pussy or her mouth, or just jack off onto her body, leaving her to scoop up the load and feed herself on the creamy fluid. I stopped counting after eighteen men had taken her, but many more followed.
During the gangbang, two women entered the room and took advantage of a slight break in the string of men to toy with my wife. They had obviously been fucked in another room and came in to check out the goings-on with Brie. I watched in amazement as the first of the women straddled my wife's face and placed the lips of her pussy over her mouth. From her immediate groans it was clear that Brie had gotten with this new program and was tonguing the woman's pussy.
"God," exclaimed the first woman, "You've got to have her do this to you: She's sucking the cum out of my pussy!" I watched as she leaned back and worked her muscles to force more of the semen from her pussy into my wife's waiting mouth. When she was done, the second woman did the same, and then the line of men restarted.
A slight man entered the room and put Brie on her hands and knees again. He reached down and scooped up a palm load of cum dripping out of her pussy and rubbed it all over Brie's anal area. I watched as he plunged one and then two fingers into her ass, using the semen from the multiples of men as lubrication. Brie put her face on the bed and reached back to spread both of her butt cheeks for the man. When her man felt she was loose enough, I watched as he slid his cock into her ass, taking her anal cherry in the process.
Brie went crazy with a new round of lust, letting out a loud grunt with each thrust by the man. After just a minute, Brie had an orgasm from the anal stimulation, without a touch on her clit or pussy. A new man entered the room and got the man fucking Brie's ass to reposition her so that he was on the bottom with Brie astride, her drenched, gaping pussy clearly visible. I watched as the new man got into position and easily slid his cock into Brie's open pussy. The two men fucked Brie at the same time for a long time, starting out easily on her by alternating their strokes in and out of her body. As they went on, they both started to pound into her body at the same time, sending her into a series of mini-orgasms.
After another hour of fucking new men singly and in groups of twos, it seemed as though Brie had exhausted the party list. The last man of the night turned her on her back, crawled between her legs and shoved his cock into her and began to fuck her leisurely. All Brie could do was lie there and sob in pleasure. As he shot his load into her with all the rest, Brie just seemed to collapse for a moment. Her latest lover kissed her deeply, thanked her for the use of her cunt, and left the room. Brie lay there panting, and then looked over at me.
"Next?" she asked quietly, with a grin on her face.
My wife was covered in a sheen of sweat and semen. She lay there with her legs spread wide in surrender as I took in the sight of her battered, inflamed pussy lips oozing viscous fluid. I couldn't resist her. I climbed between the legs where so many had been before during the evening and my cock just fell into her gaping entry. I slid as deeply into as I could, realizing that many had been deeper into her body that night than I ever had. Brie's pussy was slushy with the semen from all those men coating the walls of a vagina that, until that evening, had been reserved for me. Her opening, usually tight around my cock with her labial muscles, was sloppy and loose from the sheer number of cocks, many of them large, that she had taken. Her face was crusty from all of the ejaculate, and there were traces of sperm left in her hair. Her breath had the distinct odor of semen.
When she asked how I liked seeing her take all of those cocks, fucking the men with everything she had, I just answered he with a groan and added my load to all the rest. She had one final orgasm of the night with me.
Brie looked exhausted as I got her dressed and we left the house. On the way out, one man who had missed her asked if he could 'use' her before she left. She looked at me, and simply pulled her panties down and hiked up her skirt, and leaned into me presented her naked ass toward the man. He stuck his cock in her and fucked her for about five minutes, before pulling out of her pussy and sliding into her asshole. As he entered Brie's ass, her eyes popped open and she kept contact with mine as the man pumped into her. She then started kissing me as the man fucked her hard, and finally came deep in her bowels. He disengaged and she turned to him and gave him a deep kiss on the mouth and we walked out the door. When we got home I gave Brie a bath and put her to bed and she was out immediately, sleeping late into the next morning.
When she woke up she asked, "Did that really happen last night, or did I dream the whole thing?" We couldn't keep our hands off of each other the whole day. I told Brie how aroused I was by her total shamelessness the night before, how much I enjoyed watching the men fucking her and her response to them. Brie said that she had love being so utterly naughty and slutty. The complete wantonness of giving herself to a complete stranger in a room full of onlookers had sent her to another level where she existed only as a receptacle for male lust. She said that the feeling of totally surrendering to the men and letting them do what they wanted to her was strangely intoxicating.
We talked about whether she ever wanted to do something like that again, and she said that she would have to think about it. A one-time occurrence would keep it special and set it as a life experience that she would always treasure and talk about. But, she said she would be open to talking about it at some point.