"Good evening, everybody! Are you ready to be aroused?" The 3,000 VIP spectators packed into the hotel auditorium exploded with throaty cheers and loud whistles as hostess Angelina LaRusso stood spotlighted at center stage in front of the podium adorned with gilt stars. I was waiting off in the wings, heart pounding, clad in my silver tiara, diamond necklace and form-fitting red vinyl dress. Persephone X, who was ahead of me in the line, smoothed down her long, jet-black hair, caught my eye and mouthed: "Fuck you, sweetheart! You're going to lose." I did my best to ignore the three-time Adult Entertainer of the Year's attempt to intimidate me.
"Welcome to one of the most beautiful, erotic cities in the world: Rio de Janeiro!" continued Angelina LaRusso. "We're coming to you live from the historic Hotel Copahorica. Marilyn, JFK, and Elvis all stayed here in the 1960's, but this place is going to be known for something much different after the sixth annual Miss Erotic Universe pageant. Do you know what I'm talking about, people? I'm talking about fucking and sucking! That's right! Oh my, look what we have here!"
Through a crack in the long red velvet curtain, I could see a woman in the front row – a former porn starlet whose name eluded me – openly fellating the long, engorged cock of her much younger, tuxedo-clad date. The spotlight shifted over to them for a moment. I felt my cunt clenching already as I voyeuristically enjoyed the spectacle. The young man let out a long groan, pulled out and ejaculated on his cock-sucking partner's beautiful evening gown as Angelina LaRusso led the applause.
"Yes, indeed – it's going to be that kind of pageant," Angelina enthused. "And we're broadcasting all three days of the event this year to more than sixty countries worldwide, so the very nasty, very kinky exploits of some of today's best-loved adult starlets will be seen by the largest possible audience. Does that make you hard? Does that make you fucking wet?"
When the loud, raunchy response died down, Angelina continued: "Well, then, let's meet the contenders for the title of Miss Erotic Universe!"
The first two girls were from Belgium and Japan respectively, and while their showgirl-style costumes got polite applause, I could already tell that they wouldn't have what it took to claim the cash prize of $100,000 plus the opportunity to shoot a two-hour porn feature on a private island in the Bahamas.
The crowd went wild, however, when Persephone X strutted out there to show off her tight mid-40's body in a schoolgirl uniform. She arrogantly snapped her fingers and a heavy dance beat kicked in. She did a Britney Spears-style dance number with swift precision before heading over to the podium and announcing: "The name is Persephone. The game is winning." She licked her lips and smiled before joining the other girls.
"Next up, we have from the United States, Aurelia Summers!" Hearing my stage name, I took a deep breath before making my grand entrance. My Thievery Corporation song began to play. Eyes closed, I walked slowly and sensually, swaying my hips, running my hands over my body, glancing up at the crowd when I cupped my full breasts, nipples clearly erect through the vinyl. Just before reaching the podium, I waved to the technician offstage, who dimmed the lights and hit "Play" for a video on one of the three giant screens behind me.
"You all are going to get to know me a lot better," I said, leaning forward to showcase my cleavage. "I want you to watch what's in the video really carefully, because I want you to know what I'm all about. This is the real life of Aurelia Summers."
The video had been shot by my Danish friend, Inga Nielsen, who had unusually been acting in porn under her own name since the late 1970's and was the older sister of one of my work colleagues back home. It showed me flirting with a 20-something, dark-eyed, shy Brazilian girl working at the front desk of the Hotel Copahorica. Confidently, I laid my hand on hers and looked straight into her eyes. I slipped off her wedding ring and put it in my pocket. With an unmistakable look of hunger, I came behind the counter and whispered into her ear. I produced a thick stack of American greenbacks and pressed it into her hand. As other guests watched with awe, I led her by the hand to the elevator.
The next intimately lit scene showed us kissing and touching on my king-sized hotel bed. Inga quickly cut to the finale, where I sat on the edge of the bed, moaning and gasping with pleasure as the young Brazilian buried her face between my thighs.
"While some of us were busy doing our nails and practicing our Britney Spears moves, I was busy seducing a Catholic virgin who'd never eaten pussy before!" I proclaimed. I blew a kiss to Persephone X, who was seething off to the side. I knew I had to stand up to her – even though I'd done more than 20 movies in the past two years, plus running my own production company and escorting in Las Vegas and Paris, I was still a relative newcomer to the industry. I couldn't get pushed around at my first Miss Erotic Universe pageant.
"You like that shit? You want to see more?" I asked the cheering crowd. "You want to see what I've got under this beautiful vinyl dress?" "Oh yeah, show us, baby!" screamed the older woman in the front row who had been sucking her partner's cock in public.
"I guess we have a winner," I announced, smiling and winking at Persephone. "What I'm going to show you now, I got this last year from a couple I fucked last year at the Super Bowl. I was giving him a blowjob in the VIP suite, and then his wife and I did a dildo show together at halftime."
Now I walked to the edge of the stage, turned around, and lifted up the hem of my dress, revealing I had no panties on underneath, but I did have a thick, stylized, golden butt plug thrust deep into my anus – so thick that you could easily make out the gorgeously stretched rim of my asshole on the huge video screens. The music swelled as the older woman got up and hurried over to the edge of the stage to plant a passionate kiss on my ass cheeks. The crowd chanted: "Aurelia! Aurelia! Aurelia!"
Angelina LaRusso hurried back to center stage. "Wow, I think we have the introduction of the evening so far! Thank you to the extraordinarily erotic and exhibitionistic Aurelia Summers! Let's turn our attention now to the Czech Republic, represented by..."
Persephone gave me a look of cold fury. I discreetly gave her the finger and it felt good. I couldn't wait for the real competition to get underway. Another legendary victory awaited me.