"Well... shit," Abby thought to herself as she got ready for bed. She was hoping that John was going to be with her tonight. He came home from work so happy, and was positively charming through dinner. It was like the old John, full of life and jokes, and she almost forgot how sexy he could be when he laughed. She found herself hoping against hope that they might be intimate together tonight.
And why not? Abby looked good, one of the cutest ladies in the neighborhood. She wasn't a model, but she had authentic beauty, and wore little makeup. She exercised enough to be healthy, and had developed the body of a suburban mom in middle-class America. Her ass was a little bigger than it was before kids, and a few stretch marks remained on her belly from two pregnancies. She liked a little hair above her private parts, but kept everything tidy. She had 34B breasts, short brown hair, and loved to read romance novels. If pushed, she would blushingly agree that she was a MILF, still a catch despite some distance from her twenties.
But despite being a catch, she was achingly lonely these days. Which sounds weird given that she was married with children, but somehow life had inched its way between her and John. While they loved each other and even seemed to like each other, something was broken. There wasn't much intimacy left. She didn't know why, but he didn't seem to want sex anymore. Which was a problem, because she craved sex every now and then. More often than she would like to admit. And with John spending nearly every night in that damned garage, doing whatever, she found their bouts of intimacy coming fewer and farther between. After confiding in a friend that sex was sparse these days, her friend suggested a massage wand as a vibrator. She remembered being so ashamed when the store clerk across town smirked as she bought it. But it had become an important part of her life, to be honest. That vibrator had become her primary source of release at night, and during the day when the kids were at school and John was at work.
Tonight would be no exception, she guessed. She remembered that the batteries in the vibrator were a little weak last night. "Nothing worse than vibratus interruptus!" she thought, as she pulled on a tight little tank top and yoga pants and headed back downstairs. "I'll just pop into the garage and grab some fresh batteries just in case," she thought, "and say hello to Jack while I'm at it." Heck, she wouldn't mind getting another look at him for some mental material for when she was taking care of herself. She felt a little dirty about it, but excited about fantasizing about the neighbor while pleasuring herself. Now that she thought about it, maybe she picked out that tight tank top with no bra on purpose, so that Jack could see a little more than he should. She was looking forward to a little flirting, and it would serve John right for blowing her off!
Abby sauntered downstairs and walked to the garage door. She was about to pop it open when she heard an odd noise that stopped her. It sounded like a moan. John's moan. It seemed like ages since she had heard him moan like that, but she knew his sounds better than anyone else.
Her mind was only starting to register that something was amiss as she placed her hand on the doorknob. She quietly turned the knob, opening the door just enough to peek through to the garage. What she saw nearly caused her to scream. John was sitting on his weight bench, naked from the waist down. His knees were spread apart, and Jack was between them, kneeling on the garage floor. Jack was eagerly sucking John's cock, taking it in and out of his mouth with a rhythm that Abby instantly felt in her breathing.
What the fuck was going on? This was the last thing she imagined she would see. Abby was frozen, her eyes on Jack's mouth as it slid up and down her husband's cock. It was unbelievable, and she couldn't begin to react.
As shocking as it was to see the two men doing this, the next thing she saw was even crazier. Jack popped John's dick out of his mouth and started licking John's balls. Then John said something that she couldn't quite hear, and she pressed her face against the crack in the door to get a better look. Suddenly John got a big smile on his face as he leaned back on the bench, lifted his knees up in the air and grabbed his legs, presenting his ass right to Jack's face. And then Abby got her second shock of the night. Jack leaned in closer and stuck out his tongue. He gently started licking John's ass, slow tentative strokes up and down. Abby couldn't believe what she was seeing! She had read about rimming in her romance novels, but to be honest she thought it was pure fiction. Yet here was her neighbor on his knees in her garage, rimming her husband.
Abby was totally focused on Jack's tongue sliding up and down John's ass. She was in total shock, but she found herself wondering how that must feel for John. She could feel the heat in her pussy, roaring at her with desire and anticipation. Without thinking about it, she slid a hand down into her yoga pants and worked two fingers over her clit and into an astonishingly wet pussy. Her knees buckled a little, but she stayed focused on Jack's tongue.
After a few moments, she watched in amazement as Jack grabbed John's hips and pulled him even closer, and then drove his tongue deep into John's ass. As he did this she slid one of her fingers, now wet with her own juices, down to her ass and right into her rosebud. As Jack worked his tongue in and out of John's ass, Abby worked her finger in and out of her ass. It was crazy, it was bizarre, and it was intense.
She felt the orgasm only a moment before it hit, and it struck just as Jack was pushing his tongue into John's ass farther than she could imagine was possible. Her knees buckled again, nearly causing her to stumble, and she bit her lip to keep from making noise. Despite the spasms rocking her body, she noticed that Jack had pulled out of John and was taking a break. She was afraid she was discovered, so she quickly closed the door and sprinted upstairs to the bedroom. She dove under the covers and pretended to be asleep, but a few moments later, she knew that nobody was coming. She had seen them, but they had not seen her.
Abby was still on fire from what she saw. Her pussy demanded more attention. She grabbed the vibrator and prayed it had enough juice to do the job. She buried three fingers into her pussy immediately, as the buzzing of the vibrator worked its magic on her clit. Soon she was sliding one of those fingers back into her ass, imagining Jack's tongue doing the work instead of herself. It only took a few moments before she exploded in another orgasm. She could feel it in her clit, she could feel it deep in her pussy, and she could feel it in her ass as it clenched down on her finger. It was huge and seemed to go on forever.
And then it was over. Abby was panting from the effort, and as she caught her breath, the events of the last few minutes started to catch up to her. Abby numbly placed the vibrator back in the drawer, and curled up into a ball as the realization of what just happened settled upon her. She wrapped her arms around her knees and could tell that she was still shaking from her orgasm. Tears were streaming down her face, and she buried her face into her pillow and cried. She fell asleep that way and didn't remember John coming up to bed that night.
It was almost 2 in the afternoon on Friday when Abby finally woke up and dragged herself out of bed again. She numbly remembered telling John she had a headache at 6:00 am when it was time to get up and get the kids moving. John was in a great mood, of course, and he had offered to get the kids to school. She had curled back up into a ball and clawed her way back into the comforts of sleep. Now her head hurt even worse, and the kids would be home in an hour.
She showered, a long hot shower that was supposed to wash away some of the emotions. Afterward, she dressed, chugged some coffee, and ate. She couldn't really taste anything, but she knew she needed food. She walked down to the kid's bus stop, and saw some of the other parents there already. It was normal for parents to be waiting for the bus in this neighborhood. One of her friends took one look at her and took pity, offering to take the kids home with her for a sleepover. Abby readily agreed. She needed time, and quiet. She slinked back home and poured herself a tall glass of wine. And she thought.
And she thought some more. Clarity was slow to come, but gradually things started to take shape in her mind.
When John walked in, coming home from work, she had the beginnings of a plan for what to do. What to do for HER. As her mind grappled with the immensity of the situation, she had gradually been transitioning from grief to anger. And boy was she angry!
"Hello John," she said coolly. John took one look at her sitting at the kitchen table with that big glass of wine and a look on her face that could kill, and he knew. He knew she knew. "Uhhh... Hi honey," he said, tentatively, "what's wrong."
"What's wrong?!?" she shouted. "What's wrong is that last night I opened the garage door to get some FUCKING batteries and instead I saw my husband getting a FUCKING blowjob from the neighbor! That's what's wrong, John." She spat his name out with disgust.
John dropped his briefcase and rushed to her, dropping to his knees. "Oh shit, honey, I'm so sorry! It was an accident! It was...I mean... SHIT."
"Yeah, shit," she said. "Fuck you, it was no accident. You don't accidentally have a guy sucking on your dick, John. And, Jesus, he was... he was even... licking your ass! What the hell is going on, John? Are you gay? How did I not know this was happening?"
"NO, I'm not gay!" He screamed. "Shit, where are the kids?" He looked around wildly. John was in a panic now.
"At Liz's house for the night," she said. "I needed to think. John, get your fucking phone out and get Jack over here, NOW. I want to talk to both of you."
John looked puzzled. "Wait, what? Why do you want Jack here?" he said.
"Shut UP, John!" she yelled. "Just fucking do it. Now."
John numbly sent the text to his new friend. His world had gone from fantastic to fucked in a matter of moments, and he was reeling. He had never seen Abby so angry, and he couldn't blame her. When it was done, he put his phone on the table and stared at his wife. He tried to look as pathetic as he felt. "I'm... I'm so very sorry, Abby. I never meant to hurt you."
And that was when the tears started to flow.
***
Editorial note: A couple of the minor timing details do not match perfectly with the last chapter, but it flows better this way.