Chapter 12
Virginia: A Full Refund
With my backpack over my shoulder, I walked down the sidewalk, the city sounds of people and traffic in my ears. My eyes were tired from all the crying I'd done after Beau left, and my thighs were tired from all the sex. I wanted to go home and rest my mind and body.
I finally turned on my phone. It was back to the real world for me. I stopped as I crossed the street, right in traffic. A cabbie honked at me, and I yelped, hurrying out of the way, staring at my phone. I'd missed dozens of calls and texts from Quinn, Tom, my aunt, my mom, and even my dad.
"Oh, no. Oh shit, shit, shit," I said.
I quickly opened Quinn's text messages, reading them: "Where are you?
"Everyone's freaking out.
"I couldn't reach your phone, so I called Tom, and now he knows you lied to him.
"Why didn't you tell me?
"I wouldn't have called him.
"He called your mother. She's freaking out.
"Tell me you aren't where I think you are.
"Ginny, please respond. It's me.
"Don't do this.
"For God's sake, you are making the biggest mistake of your life."
It was worse from my mom: "Where are you, Virginia?
"Quinn said you were going to visit Tom. Tom said you were coming here.
"Did you lie to both of them? Where are you?
"Answer your phone!
"You are in so much trouble, young lady.
"You'd better be dead in a ditch.
"I am furious!"
From Tom, it was no better: "Where the fuck are you?
"Why does Quinn think you're here?
"Did you lie to me about visiting your mom?
"My dad asked me because your dad asked him.
"What the hell is going on?
"WTF?"
Even Aunt Olivia sent me one: "Virginia, call me immediately."
"I am so fucked," I said aloud. "Utterly fucked. Stupid, stupid. Goddamn it, Quinn."
I called her first, and she answered immediately.
"Ginny?"
"Quinn, why did you call Tom? Damn it. Why?"
"Oh, thank God you're okay," Quinn said.
"You completely blew me out of the water."
"I didn't know I was telling a secret!" she said. "I was worried! Where were you all night? Please tell me you weren't with who I think you were with."
"I wasn't. I went to a Christmas party at the dorms. My phone died, and I fell asleep."
"Are you serious?"
"Yes."
"Why don't I believe you?"
"I don't know. Sounds like a 'you' problem. Look, I gotta call my mom. Would you call yours? She left me a text and a voicemail, and I have enough fires to put out."
"Fine. When are you coming home?"
"I don't know, later. "
"Ginny, come home now."
"Don't treat me like a child. I'll come home when I want."
I hung up on her, then I dialed my mother.
"Virginia?"
"Mother, don't freak out."
"Virginia, I have been worried sick!"
"I know, I'm sorry."
"What the hell were you doing? Why was your phone off?"
"My battery died. I was hanging out at a Christmas party with some friends last night. I fell asleep on a dorm room couch."
"You fell asleep? Your friends can't charge your phone? You are lying, young lady!"
"I'm not," I said defensively. I was angry that she never believed me, especially since I so rarely lied to her. I'd have to throw in some spice to make it more convincing. "Okay, I drank a little before I fell asleep. It's not a big deal."
"Not a big deal? It is a big deal! You lied to Quinn and Tom, and now you're drinking?"
I cringed. "I was just letting off some steam. I don't normally do that."
"Why are you telling lies to Quinn and Tom?"
"I didn't know Quinn was my babysitter," I said indignantly. "I lied to her because we've been fighting, and I just wanted some peace and quiet."
"Fighting about what?" she asked.
"About stupid stuff, apartment chores, her messy boyfriend."
"Virginia, what aren't you telling me?"
"Nothing, Mother. Please respect my privacy a little. I was just out with some friends last night, and Quinn called Tom, and Tom called you, and now it's a big mess. Can we just drop it? I have a lot of studying to do for finals this week, and I don't want to spend all day explaining myself."
"We are not done talking about this, young lady!"
"Okay, can we talk about it later? I'm outside, and I can't hear well. I just wanted you to know I'm okay."
"Fine. I will call you this evening, and we will have a long discussion about your responsibilities as an adult living alone in New York City."
I sighed. "Fine."
Finally, I called Tom.
"Hello?" he said.
"Hey, it's me."
"Where the hell have you been?"
"I was just out with some girlfriends from school. They threw a party."
"Who?"
"This girl, Taylor, no one you know."
"What were you doing all night? Were you cheating on me?"
I was, but I wasn't going to tell him that. "Is that really the first thing you think, that I must be out having sex with random men?"
"I don't get it. You said you were sick, but you're out partying?"
"It was an end-of-year Christmas thing. I started to feel better, so I figured, why not?"
"And you can't answer your phone?"
"My battery died, and I was drinking. I fell asleep on Taylor's couch. It's not a big deal."
"Everyone was worried about you. Why did you tell Quinn you were coming to see me and tell me you were going to your mom's?"
"I didn't lie intentionally. I was going to go to my mom's, but remember, I said I didn't want to? I talked to Quinn and decided it would be fun to show up at your place and surprise you. But then Taylor called about the party, and I figured I'd just stop by to say hi before going to your place, then I fell asleep."
"What the fuck? I don't want you showing up here unannounced, ever. That's never okay."
"Oh. Well, I mean, I thought it might be nice to see each other."
"Yeah, if you call first."
I gulped. God, I wanted to dump him. "Okay, sorry."
"Whatever. So, you're good?"
"I'm good."
"Fine, I'll tell my dad. He was worried too, because your dad called him."
"I'm sorry. Our families are so annoying."
"I guess. All right, I gotta go."
"Okay. Um, love you," I said.
I didn't know if I should say that, especially because it made me feel like a two-timing cheater after last night, but Tom didn't say it back. I waited for almost thirty seconds too. In fact, he didn't say anything at all. And then I realized he'd ended the call.
"Oh, you asshole," I said aloud. "What the hell am I doing with my life?"
I didn't want to go home. If I did, I'd have to lie to Quinn, and I was scared she was going to get the truth out of me. I'd broken my promise to her, gone to see Beau, exactly what she didn't want me to do. This could really hurt her if I wasn't careful. I needed to get my story straight, quickly, and I needed a place to cool down and relax after the morning I'd had.
I took a bus across town, thinking a lot on what Beau had said to me. He'd really broken my heart at the end there, not that I didn't deserve it. He was right: I wasn't going to fight for us. I'd pretty much gotten what I asked for, a reason to hate him, but I didn't hate him. I missed him terribly, and I honestly had no idea how I was ever going to get over him.
I wished I could put Tom's face on Beau's body. Well, the upper half. I wanted to keep everything else, Beau's lips, his amazing chin, his sexy hair, his pretty eyes, his adorable personality, that cock, everything, and just go on my merry way. Okay, maybe I just wished Beau was Tom. But he wasn't. I had to pick between a nuclear weapon and a sensible peace treaty. And Beau expected me to detonate that bomb? How dare he ask me to do that for him? Damn him.
"Damn him," I said aloud. The old lady on the bus gave me a look. I gave her an embarrassed smile.
The bus stopped, and I walked a couple blocks, seeing the blue sign that was becoming very familiar: Starstruck's. I headed inside, seeing only a couple customers lounging in the chairs. One of the reasons I really liked this place, other than the amazing coffee, was the lack of clientele. I always felt like I was the most important person around. I looked for my favorite barista, but I didn't see him behind the bar. Maybe he was in the back.
"Good morning, welcome to Starstruck's. What can I get you, sweetie?" Colin said effeminately.
"Hi. I'll take a mocha cappuccino."
"Oh, I remember you," he said, punching it in. "Extra mocha?"
"Yes, please."
"Anything else?"
"Not right now."
"Ginny, right?" he said, punching in my name.
"You remembered? Awesome."
He chuckled. "You're qualified for a loyalty card now. Still have to charge you though. It's $6.26, honey."
"No worries." I paid.
He wrote my name on the cup and started to make my drink, but I stopped him.
"Wait, could I have the other guy, Brent, make it? He makes it perfect every time, and I'd like to say hello to him."
Colin raised an eyebrow. "Oh, really? You two have a thing?"
"Huh? Oh, no. He's gay, isn't he?"
Colin shrugged. "Who knows with him? But he's not here. He has the day off."
"Oh, okay, too bad," I said. "I'm sure you'll make it fine."
"You know he lives under the cafe, right? Do you want me to call him?"
"Oh, no, no. I can't disturb him on his day off."
"For you, he'd love to do it."
"For me?"
"Sure. I think he likes you."
"Um, he does? We're just friends."
"Mmm-hmm, sure," he said, drawing his phone.
"We are. He is gay, right? Oh, no, please don't call him."
"It's already ringing," Colin said with the phone to his ear. "It's fine, he'll love to make you a coffee, I promise."
"But is he gay? Because I don't want to give him the wrong impression if he's not."
"Hey, sweetie," Colin said into the phone. "Where are you? Oh, you did? Guess what? I have your favorite customer here. No, no, the girl with the reddish hair, remember, Ginny? Uh-huh. Yes, she's here, and she wants a fabulous Brent mocha cap special. Wanna come up and mix her one? Okay, cool. I'll tell her. See you soon." Colin put his phone away. "He said he just stepped out of the shower, so he has to get dressed, and he'll be up."
"Oh, god, you didn't need to do that. I'm so embarrassed."
"Nonsense, he loves to work."
"The last thing I need is another guy in my life. I really thought he was gay. I'm not leading him on, right?"
"Don't worry, you're not. He is gay. He just doesn't know it."
"Um, okay."
"Have a seat. He'll bring it to you when he comes up."
"All right," I said, feeling more awkward than ever. I shouldn't have said anything. I really hoped Brent was gay. Lord, that's just what I needed: one boy who loved me, one boy who I hated, and one boy who was a closet homosexual hoping I could fix him. Yeah, my life wasn't complicated enough.
I settled into the sofa and looked at my phone. My father had texted me too. That was very rare, just a few words from him. "Are you all right?"
I responded. "Hi, Dad. I'm fine. Went out with the girls last night, got a little crazy, fell asleep."
I hoped that would do. I'd still get a lecture about responsibility, but that was better than setting off a nuclear bomb.
The bell above the cafe door rang. I looked up and Brent was there. He really caught my eye. Normally, he wore barista black, a big apron, and a hat, but now I could see him better: the wet hair in his eyes, the way his t-shirt clung to his wet body, his jeans tight in all the right places, his face shaven. Actually, I hadn't really noticed until now, but he was a very sexy guy. Oh, of course, he was. He was gay. The sexy ones always were.
"Hey," Brent said to Colin.
I was surprised, because I expected he would look at me and say something, but he didn't seem to notice me. He went straight behind the bar, never looking in my direction at all. I pretended to play with my phone. I didn't want him to notice me exactly, but it felt a little rude.
He finished mixing the drink and then said something to his friend Colin. I couldn't hear, but then they separated. Brent looked upset by something. I quickly put my phone into my nose to look busy as Brent brought my drink over and set it on my table.
"Here you go," he said.
I lowered the phone. "Oh, thank you, Brent. I'm so sorry Colin called you. I asked him not to."
"It's fine. Happy to do it."
"Um, would you like to sit down, have coffee with me? It's your day off, right?"
He stared at me. "You wanna have coffee with me?"
"Oh, sure. Honestly, I could use some company. I've had a day."
He seemed to be thinking it over.
"I hear they make amazing mocha caps here," I said.
He warmed up a little, finally giving me a smile. "Do they?"
"The best."
"Colin," he said, looking back. "Can I get a mocha cap?"
"Sure. $6.26."
"Seriously?"
"No free drinks off the clock. Don't make me feel like a jerk."
Brent reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet, putting down the cash.
"Do I have to make it myself too?"
"Could you?"
"Extra mocha, with caramel swirl on top, please," he said and then he came back to the sofa, sitting down next to me. "Let's see who makes it better."
I chuckled. "No contest."
"Colin's pretty good, actually."
I did want some company today, but I didn't want a misunderstanding. "Listen, I just want to say, I hope you don't think I'm, like, you know, leading you on. I hope we can be friends, you know, just friends? I know I'm not really your, um, type, anyway, right?"
He stared at me for a long moment. And I mean long, like he was looking past me. It made me so uncomfortable. I glanced over my shoulder, expecting there to be a horrific car accident or something. When I looked back, he gave me a small smile.
"I'm gay, Ginny," he said.
"Oh! Okay, phew, good." I laughed a little. "I, I, you know..."
"I know. It's fine. You look lovely today, by the way."
"Thank you. You look really nice too. Very casual. I think Colin is checking you out."
He chuckled. "He checks me out every day. It's workplace harassment, honestly."
"Mocha cappuccino for Brenda!" Colin called, putting it in the pickup window, looking around like he didn't see us. "Is there a Brenda here?"
I bit my lip and suppressed my giggle.
"This guy," Brent said, shaking his head. "He's even going to make me go get it."
Brent went for it, and I admit I checked out his butt. I figured if he was gay, no harm done. And he had a cute ass. I think Colin noticed too, because after Brent picked up the cappuccino, Colin stared at him and licked his lips.
"Colin's cute," I said. "You two would make a cute couple."
"We're just friends," he said, sitting down. "I'm still figuring out what I want in life."
"Sure, I get it."
"How about you? Seeing anyone?" he asked, taking a sip of his cappuccino.
I took a sip of mine. It was tasty, but he made it better last time. "Me too, figuring things out."
"Complicated, huh?"
"You have no idea," I said, laughing a little.
"Tell me more," he said, sitting back.
"Oh, I don't want to bore you."
"It's not a bore. I'd like to know a bit more about you, actually. Like, tell me, why are you here, hanging out alone, no books, no laptop, no studying. A girl like you must have a hundred friends."
"Not really."
"I don't believe that."
"I have one really good friend, my cousin, Quinn. She's been in here once or twice. And a lot of 'kinda' friends from university, but no one real close, not since high school."
"Did something happen in high school?"
"Sort of. Short version, I'm very academic, but I had a lot of pressure to join certain circles as I got older. It was hard balancing, especially because I advanced a year early. But I was dating this guy, and, well, he cheated on me, twice actually, with two of my friends. It became a whole big thing in high school, and sides were chosen."
"I see. Sorry your boyfriend did that to you. Guys are assholes."
"They can be. You'll learn that the hard way."
He chuckled. "Yeah. So that's why you're here alone?"
"I'm not alone, you're here. We're friends now, right?"
He smiled at me. "Definitely."
"Cool," I said. "We should hang out some time, you know? I'd love to go to a gay bar with you."
"That could be fun," he said.
"Definitely." I took a sip of my cappuccino, and he did the same. "How is it?" I asked.
"It's good," he said. "You should get some coffee to go for your cousin Quinn."
"Yeah, I could, but Quinn and I are kind of fighting."
"About what?"
I sighed. "It's really complicated."
"I'm sure it's not that complicated. Maybe I can help. What, did she borrow your clothes without permission?"
"I wish. No, it's about a guy."
"You two want the same guy or something?"
"No, I want the guy, and she wants me to stay away from the guy."
"Why does she care?"
"I promised her I wouldn't see him, because he's sort of a bad boy, and now she suspects I was with him last night."
"I see. Were you?"
"Yes," I said, blushing a little. "You know how these things happen."
"I don't think I do, actually," he said with a laugh. "But maybe you should introduce the two of them, let them become friends. Maybe she would approve."
"Oh, God, no. She already knows him. That's why she doesn't approve. And really, it's not that she doesn't approve, it's that she knows my parents wouldn't approve, so she's trying to keep me out of trouble."
"He must be a real bad boy."
"Like a nuclear bomb."
"But it sounds like you had fun last night."
"Yes, a lot of fun, but I told him it was over."
"Oh. So, you're on the rebound after a breakup? I see now why you're hanging out alone."
"Kind of, yeah. I'm a little brokenhearted and wanted some cheer-up chocolate."
"But is it really over?" he asked.
"Yes, of course."
"How positive are you?"
I swallowed a sip of cappuccino and stared at him. "I want to say 100%, but I'm scared I'm going to call him again."
"Maybe you should delete his number from your phone."
"Too late, it's memorized."
"Then maybe you should call him and tell him it's over."
"He knows it's over," I said with a heavy sigh. "And it's not like it was ever on. I mean, we hook up for sex, you know? He knew what it was. Why do I even feel guilty?"
"Hmm," he said, looking down. "So, it was just sex then?"
"Yeah. God, I can't believe I'm telling you this. You know, you're a really good listener."
"Thanks."
"I'm serious. I feel comfortable with you. You have one of those faces. I dunno. I feel like we know each other. Is that weird?"
"We do know each other, Ginny. We're friends, right?"
"Of course," I said whimsically. There was something so familiar about Brent. I didn't know what it was. Something in his smile maybe, or his voice. I couldn't place it. Of course, I had a crazy thought that he reminded me of Beau, but I paid it no mind.
"I still think you should call him," he said.
"And tell him what?" I said, genuinely curious. "What would you say to a guy you only hooked up with?"
"Well, first, I'd ask him if it was really only a hookup."
"He wants more than a hookup. I already know that."
"That's different then."
"Exactly."
"Still, you could call him to talk things out, help you both to understand each other. Just listen to him, and have him listen to you."
"Ah, the expert listener recommends listening," I said with a giggle.
"It works," he said, sipping his drink. "I had this, uh, friend once..."
"Okay?" I said.
"It was like you with your guy, just hooking up. I wanted more, and he didn't."
"So, you know what this is like, huh?"
"Yeah," he said. "He didn't want to come out of the closet. I didn't care if people knew, devil may care. But he thought it would ruin his life."
"I know the feeling," I said somberly.
"He cared more about pleasing his family than pleasing me."
I swallowed. This was really hitting home. "Family is impossible to please."
"I guess I never understood him. He threw away something great to please his parents, while all they ever did was dictate his life. I couldn't understand why he wanted to live like that. Even if his family disowned him, isn't living free better?"
"It's not. Don't get me wrong, I get what you're saying, and I get how hard it is on you. But try to see it from his side. If he comes out, he gets you, yes, but he loses his entire family. It's not so easy to choose one person over dozens, especially blood. And worse, what if he gave up everything for you, and you got bored of him? Then he's alone with no one, nothing. I... I'd be too scared to make that choice."
"Hm, I honestly hadn't thought about it like that," he said, his head sinking.
"Yeah. I don't know if he made the right choice. Maybe he'll never be happy. Maybe I'll never be happy either for that matter. But I couldn't make that trade, and I don't think your friend could either."
He nodded again. "Thanks. I think that helped me."
"I'm glad," I said warmly. "I wish someone could help me."
"I'll help you," Brent said, looking into my eyes. "Don't call him."
"Huh? But you said--"
"I know, but you were right. He shouldn't have asked you to give up so much. Don't call him. It'll rip open every wound you just closed."
"Oh," I said softly. Brent's advice hit me hard, and I hated it. "You're probably right."
"It's hard, I know, but it's for the best. Just... let him go."
"Yeah," I said with a breath. "You give good advice. You know, we should exchange numbers. We can make plans to do something fun. I'll bring Quinn, and you can bring Colin."
I took my phone out, getting ready to save his number.
"Actually, my phone is broken," he said.
"Oh, it is?"
"Yeah. Maybe you could give me your number, and I could text you mine later once my phone is fixed."
"Okay. I have a pen somewhere." I started digging into my backpack, a task made infinitely harder with my clothes inside. "Pen, where are you?"
"Ah, you know what?" he said. "I can remember it. Don't go in your backpack right now."
"No, it's here somewhere."
"No, really, I can remember it. Please stop looking for a pen."
I checked the side pouch. "What the... what is this?"
I pulled out a thick envelope. I knew what it was before I even opened it: $10,000 cash.
"Oh, my God."
"Uh, wow, you carry a lot of cash," he said.
There was a sticky note on the first bill. I pulled it out and read it. "I love you more than money."
I stuffed it back into my bag and held my face. "Shit."
"Everything okay?" Brent asked.
"I think I have to go," I said, getting my things together. "I'm sorry. I appreciate the advice."
"Okay," he said. "I hope you figure things out."
"Thanks, Brent, really. Take care."
I left the cafe. Talking with Brent had helped me a little, knowing I wasn't the only one going through relationship troubles.
It was past noon by the time I made it to my apartment. There she was, Quinn, staring me down.
"Hey," I said, closing the front door and locking it.
Quinn had a stern look that reminded me of my aunt Olivia. "Did you have fun last night, at your Christmas party, with your friends? Which friends exactly?"
"I'm not going to lie to you, Quinn. I love you too much to do that."
She took her hands off her hips. "Then tell me the truth."
"Beau rented a hotel room..."
"Fuck, " she said immediately.
"...and I went there..."
"Goddamn it, Ginny."
"...and we made love all night."
"I'd rather have heard the lie."
"You were right. I couldn't stay away from him."
"You promised me, Ginny. You promised me."
"What do you want me to say?" I said softly. "I love him."
"Oh, my fucking God, don't."
"I broke my promise, yes. But you shouldn't have made me promise."
"What?" she said indignantly. "I made you promise for your own good, and not even a day later you ran off to be with him."
"Look, it's not as bad as all that. We didn't talk about how we were going to run away together or something. We just had sex."
"Just had sex?"
"I told him it was goodbye sex. It was goodbye sex. I won't call him again."
"Why don't I believe you?"
"I'm not lying. At least, I don't think I am. I'm trying not to lie."
"What the hell does that even mean?" she said, throwing her hands up.
"It means ease up, because my heart is broken knowing things are over with him, and I need all my strength and a lot of yours not to call him again."
"You really won't call him again?"
"Honestly, I don't know. But I know we can't be together in public, as a couple, I mean."
"What about Tom?"
"I cheated on him. I'm a horrible person."
"And you're fine with that?"
"Of course not. I feel like a piece of shit. I'm going to break up with him."
"What?"
"I'm not happy with him," I said tiredly. I walked past her and collapsed on the couch. "I never have been. If I can't have Beau, at least I'm not going to ruin my life with Tom."
"I don't even know what to say to you anymore," she said, standing over me. "You're just derailing your life, and all I can do is watch. You betrayed Tom. You broke your word to me. You had sex with Beau. I almost can't believe it, that you would do that, lie to me and use your boyfriend as an alibi to sneak out and have sex with some other guy. I'm your best friend, and--"
"And you would have stopped me," I said sharply. "I needed it, okay? I needed it more than I even knew. I don't regret it, and I'd do it again."
"You mean you will do it again."
"Yes, I probably will," I admitted. "I'm probably thinking about it already, calling him again and hooking up."
"You are un-fucking-believable," she said, dropping on the couch and folding her arms.
"Look, I know I am screwing up. If my mom or your mom or anyone else finds out, I am so fucked. I get it. But I am just trying my best here, Quinn. I am trying to keep it together, and it really sucks because I have no one on my side. I need you on my side, okay? I need my best friend looking out for me."
"So that when you meet up with him again, I can say, 'Yup, she's right here, definitely not out fucking some guy.'"
"Yes. That is what I need from you. I need someone I can trust to watch my back while I am out cheating on my boyfriend."
"You're so ridiculous. I can't even talk to you right now," she said, standing and pacing. "You let that guy hijack your brain."
"I'm in love," I said simply. "I've never felt this way before, not for Tom. I can't even compare it to how I felt when I was younger. Now, it's like, duh, Ginny, did you even know what love was? So, yes, love has hijacked my brain. I'm acting stupid, but I'm trying to keep my stupidity in the shadows. I'm not letting it out into the light. Doesn't that count for anything? Doesn't that earn me a best friend?"
"It might have, if you hadn't broken your promise and made me look like a fool to our family last night."
I sat forward on the couch. "I'm sorry, but I would never make you promise not to be with someone you loved, like Sergio. You knew how much I wanted Beau, and you tried to keep him from me. That's something your mother would do. Shame on you for making me promise that."
She stopped prowling and stared me down, anger in her eyes. "That's it, Ginny. I'm done with this. I'm not going to lie for you. There's too much at stake. If you go to him again, if someone asks me, I don't know where you are. I know nothing. I didn't know about the postcard. I didn't know where you were last night. I don't want to know anything about this anymore. I am blind from now on."
"I guess our friendship has limits."
"With this, yes, this is the limit."
My eyes were watering. "God, you're supposed to be my true sister, the one who knows all my secrets. Remember in school? I hated being a year behind you. I asked my teacher in 5th Grade how I could skip, and he told me if I worked hard and got perfect scores, I could jump. And I did it. For three years, I worked so hard until finally I was a freshman with you. And it was the happiest day of my life, because we were together. And when Tom cheated on me senior year, and so many of my friends ditched me because of how popular he was, I didn't care, because I had you. We went to prom together. You're all I ever needed. You said you'd bury a body for me."
"I said I'd bury a body, not watch you fuck one. Some things are too much, and stepping out with the guy your aunt hired for your virgin ceremony is way too fucking much!" she shouted at me, a tear slipping down her cheek. "Why can't I get through to you? You're fucking a prostitute! How can someone so smart be so stupid?"
"He's not a prostitute!" I said angrily. "He fucked me for free."
"What?" she said. "Is that what he told you? My mom paid him $10,000. She told me. Did he hand you that lie? Did you actually believe it? You are dumb, Ginny."
I dug into my bag, my tears starting to blur my vision. I pulled out the envelope and slammed it on the coffee table. The cash slid out.
"There's your mom's money. He gave it back to me, every dollar. I counted it."
Quinn didn't say anything, just stared at the money on the table.
"He didn't want it, because he wants me. That's all he wants. He loves me, Quinn, and he is torn apart because we can't be together. How am I supposed to feel after what I did to him? I told him to get a hotel room. He did it. I told him to meet me there. He did it. I asked him to make love to me. He did it. He told me how he feels. And I still had to tell him it was over. He called me a coward for not standing up to our family, and I am. I feel like complete shit, okay? I cheated on Tom, and I destroyed Beau. So, excuse me if I am having a hard time finding any more guilt in my heart to spare over breaking a promise to my best friend, but I'm all tapped out."
I stormed past her and into my room, slamming the door. I fell onto my bed, sobbing. I really hated myself. I was the worst girlfriend, worst lover, worst friend on the planet, and the worst part was I would do it all over again, just the same, to be with Beau for one more night.
I knew right then I was going to call him again. I had to. I needed to see him. I wanted to make love again. He was the only thing that could make any of this worthwhile. I felt it, this pull in my stomach that was telling me I needed more of him. Even if I had to keep him in the shadows, even if I had to carry on in secret, hiding it from my best friend, I would do it, anything to keep it going. I just wished I wasn't alone, wished I could talk to Quinn, but I was alone. It was Beau and me against the world.
What if he refused to stay in the shadows with me? How long could I keep him there? I was selfish, thinking somehow maybe if we were together long enough, just in the shadows, we could get over each other. Maybe then we could both move on, mutually wishing each other the best. Was it possible? Was I a fool?
Quinn knocked on my door. When I didn't answer, she opened it. She sat on the edge of the bed and put the envelope on my end table.
"You have to give this back to him."
"Quinn..."
"Call him and give it back to him."
I rolled over, wiping my eyes. "You really want me to call him?"
"Call him. Meet him. Sleep with him if that's what you want."
I was shocked. "You're serious?"
She nodded. "Do what makes you happy, Ginny. I can't lie for you, but I'll root for you, okay? You can always talk to me."
I sniffled and wiped my nose. "Really? You'll keep my secret? You'll forgive me for breaking my promise?"
"Yes, just be careful. I'm so scared for you, and if anyone finds out, anyone, I can't save you."
I swallowed and nodded. "I know."
She hugged me, and I gripped her tight.
"You're a better friend than I deserve," I said.
"If I was, I would lie for you. I'm a decent friend."
"Maybe, but you're all I have."