As the others slowly filed out of the courtroom, many craning their necks to get a better view of Lauren, Sue came over to us.
"Congratulations, Girl!" she exclaimed, with a huge smile on her face. "You did it!"
"Thank you." Lauren replied, with just as big of a grin. "I'm just glad it's all over, but I'm even more glad that I can never, ever, ever wear clothes again in public, for the rest of my life! It's like a dream come true.
"Cum true, alright." I chuckled. "Thank you for the blowjob, by the way. It was great getting my dick sucked in public like that. Can't wait to do it in the park, or right out front here, on the courthouse steps."
"Mmm, on the steps..." Lauren marveled. "That would be dreamy."
"Well, the Clerk of the Court is waiting on us." I stated. "Let's get this over with."
"I have a bunch of paperwork for you!" she exclaimed to Lauren as we approached her. "Don't worry though. I had a good idea of what would be needed, so I brought it all. Extras too, in case you make a mistake."
"Do you have any extra nudist registry forms?" I inquired as nonchalantly as I could.
The woman smiled at me.
"Would you like to fill one out too, Mr. Horner?" she asked.
"Yes please." I replied.
"That's great, Jack!" Lauren bubbled. "Now we can both be nude all the time if you want. You know, you should get a name change form too." she added.
"Why?
"If I'm going to be Bo Dangles from here on out, you need an equally awesome-sounding stage name too."
"Hmm," I pondered, "how about Jack Flash?"
"Too corny." Lauren answered. "How about Jack Harder?"
"That's real funny, Babe." I retorted.
"I was trying to be serious. Maybe it can wait."
"I have one." Sue interjected. "What about Jack Action?"
Lauren and I looked at each other and nodded.
"That's it!" I said exuberantly. "That's a kick ass stage name if I ever heard one. Nice job, Sue!"
"You like it, Sir?" Lauren queried.
"Yup. Today we will leave here as Jack Action and Bo Dangles."
"Are you ready to get started then?" the clerk asked politely.
"Oh yes, I'm sorry." I apologized. "I guess we'll start with the name change forms."
"Nope." Sue interjected. "We'll start with the nudist registry, as I'll need one too."
"That's awesome, Sue!" Lauren gushed.
"Well, like I said, I see my patients in the nude, and I did say I'd love to have the opportunity to be nude in public, so here's my chance!"
"You know Sue," I said slyly, "if you ever want to be a regular on our show, you could change your name to Sue Nommi."
"You know what? As long as I'm here, gimme one of those other forms too."
Thirty minutes and almost one thousand dollars later, we left the courtroom and headed for the exit. Lauren raised her arms and turned her palms up as she paraded down the hallway in nothing but her heels. Sue had undressed in the courtroom as well, and looked fabulous; strutting down the corridor in nothing but her pumps.
"We should let Angela know about this." Lauren suggested. "I'll bet she'll jump at the the chance to get one of these licenses."
"Good idea." I agreed. "Let's give her a call once we get out of here. She can ink your ID for you too, if you want."
"Mmm, that much jabbing so close to my clit will make me cum, I'm sure."
"Cum first, so you don't give her a shower." I said dryly.
We reached the exit, and I was stunned to see the steps of the courthouse completely full, as well as the sidewalk. Dozens of mics had been set up, and I caught a glimpse of Kitty Cutler standing alongside. We exited the building and a chorus of cheers went up. Kitty leaned forward and spoke into the bank of mics.
"Here they are, Ladies and Gentlemen. The press conference will now begin."
"Leave it to Kitty." I thought to myself, as we stopped next to her.
Kitty motioned for Lauren to take her place. As soon as she was in front of the microphones, the questions erupted like Mt. Vesuvius. Lauren looked at me inquisitively.
"Just pick a question you really want to answer and go from there." I whispered in her ear.
Lauren nodded and began speaking.
"First of all, I just want to say that I am elated with the results of my hearing. I know you have a lot of questions for me, but I can't hear them all at once. Since I'm sure many of your questions are similar, I will pick one of you at random to begin."
She paused for a moment and pointed at a journalist toward the back.
"You there in the back; in the blue dress."
"You said you're elated with the results." the woman began. "Does that mean that you're free or that you're nude?"
"I said results. That means everything. Do you have a follow-up?"
"What is it like to be standing here completely nude without any fear of punishment for it?"
Lauren smiled broadly.
"It's wonderful." she replied. "It's like a dream come true for me. To be able to spend the rest of my life without any clothes on is like living a fantasy. I feel so free."
"Do you feel horny too?" someone shouted.
There were some giggles, and Lauren smiled again.
"I'll leave that up to you to decide." she answered cheekily. "If my nipples start squirting, you'll have your answer, won't you?"
"What about your husband?" someone else called out. "What does he think about all of this?"
"Why don't you ask him?" Lauren replied. "I feel the need to sit down anyway. The breeze is beginning to stir some interesting feelings in my nipples. I may just give you all a show in a minute or two, after all."
She stepped back and I took her place, as she sat down on a short, square pedestal at the top of the marble steps.
"To answer your question," I began. "If my wife is happy, then I'm happy. Second, I think it's wonderful that she's finally able to express herself in a way that she's comfortable, without any legal ramifications."
"Is it true that you registered as a nudist yourself?" a voice called out.
"It is, and so did this charming lady standing next to me." I replied. "I'll let her explain her actions to you as well, if you have no further questions."
"Will you give a full interview?" someone else inquired.
"We will. Speak to our publicist here, and she'll be more than happy to set something up. Now, let me introduce you to my clothes-free lady friend here. This is Sue."
Sue smiled at me as she stepped up.
"My name is Sue Taylor." she explained. "I'm a psychotherapist here in town. Jack and Lauren were sent to me at the request of the Court, to determine if Lauren had any mental health issues, which she does not. Since I already see my patients in the nude anyway, I decided to register as a nudist myself. This way, I don't have to bother getting dressed to go to work, and then taking my clothes off again after I get there. This is all so much more convenient now. I love it!"
"Another question for Jack!" came a request from the woman in the blue dress.
"Okay." I replied, as I rejoined Sue.
"If you're a registered nudist, why aren't you nude too?" she asked coyly. "Are you shy?"
"Not at all." I answered. "I just didn't see any reason to get undressed right now. I figured everyone was focused on my wife, seeing as how she was the one on trial here."
"I think you're chicken." the woman taunted me. "You're scared to take your clothes off in public. Are you afraid you'll get an erection?"
"No." I replied in a slightly annoyed tone of voice. "I'll tell you what, since you want to see me naked so bad. This is a topfree state. It's perfectly legal for you or any other woman to be topless in public. Why don't you take off that cute little sundress of yours and come up here and ask me your questions directly? You'll still be wearing your panties and wedges, but it'll give you an idea of what it's like. You won't be fully nude, but you'll still feel naughty. You do that, and I'll take off all of my clothes right here and now."
Everyone turned their gaze on the reporter to see her reaction.
"Um, uh..." she stammered.
"What's the matter?" I asked. "Chicken?"
Several loud guffaws were clearly heard, as she looked very uncomfortable.
"Take it off, Brittany!" someone shouted. "Show us your tits!"
With that, a chant began to ripple through the crowd.
"Show us your tits! Show us your tits!"
"Alright!" she hollered. "I'll take the damned dress off. Satisfied?"
"I'm getting there." I replied. "I'll be satisfied when you're standing next to me wearing nothing but your panties."
Brittany glared at me, but began unbuttoning her dress. She let it fall to the ground and stepped out of it, leaving her almost nude. I'll have to admit, she looked great. Her long brown hair hung to her nipples, which were noticeably hardening at all the attention she was receiving. She hiked up the marble steps and stood next to me.
"Okay," she hissed in my ear, "now you, Steve Stunning."
I grinned at her remark and pulled off my polo shirt. I then pulled off my sneakers and unzipped my jeans, pulling them down and then off. I slipped my sneakers back on and took a nice, long look at Brittany.
"Very nice." I complimented her. "Now it seems to me you said something about getting an erection. Would you like to see that, Brittany?"
I turned to face her straight on, as my penis stiffened in front of her. Several gasps arose from the audience as my cock enlarged to a respectable eight+ inches.
"Give her a show, Jack!" Sue giggled.
"I can't." I replied. "Lauren has to do it for me, remember?"
"Nope!" Sue stated. "I read that paperwork. I'm not a lawyer, but I am a doctor, and I know a little about legal documents. Those copies we signed were extras for Lauren. That means that anything she can do, we can do."
"Seriously?" I asked incredulously. "I could masturbate right here in front of everyone, just like Lauren?"
"Yup! And so can I!"
"Hmm..." I responded, as I stared once again at Brittany's wonderful body. "Then that means that I can share my session with someone else too, doesn't it?"
Sue grinned and nodded her head vigorously.
"Yup!"
"Well now, Miss Brittany," I said with a smile, "it seems as though you can be my guest for this public sex session. Why don't you go ahead and take your panties off, and see what it's really like to be fully nude in public?"
A chorus of whoops rang out, and Brittany looked at me.
"I can really take off all of my clothes right here in public? In front of all of these people?"
"As long as it involves a sexual act, yes." I replied. "As long as we make sexual contact and one of us has an orgasm, it will be completely legal. And you can't lose your job, either. You'll be covered under the non-discrimination clause for nudists."
Brittany took a deep breath and pulled her panties down, revealing a very attractive triangular bush that adorned her lovely cunt.
"Wonderful!" I exclaimed, as my cock started to visibly throb.
I reached out and squeezed her firm tits thoroughly, feeling them spring back against my palms and fingers as I kneaded them vigorously. Brittany let out a slight gasp, as she began to experience sexual stimulation of her own. I gently turned her around so she was facing the crowd and continued squeezing her tits in front of everyone. She then reached down between her shapely legs and began rubbing her clit unabashedly.
"Feel good?" I whispered in her ear.
"Oh yes! It feels wonderful!" she bubbled.
"Now you know how my wife feels when she cums in public." I said matter-of-factly. "Show all of these people what it's like to experience an orgasm in front of total strangers. Then, I want you to jerk me off so I can cum too. I want to shoot my load in front of all of these people, Brittany!"
Brittany moaned loudly in reply, and her hips began moving about rhythmically. Her breathing increased and she suddenly started wailing like a little girl.
"I'm gonna cum, Jack!" she gasped. "Oh my god, I'm gonna cum!"
She writhed about violently and dropped to her knees, continuing to diddle herself as fluid dribbled out of her cunt and dripped onto the steps, leaving a nice puddle on the marble. When it was over, she looked up at the crowd of people staring at her and it suddenly hit her what had just happened.
"Oh my god!" she exclaimed again. "I'm nude in public and I just came in front of everyone!"
"How was it?" Lauren inquired. "Did it feel good? Did you like it?"
"It was wonderful!" she replied exuberantly. "And I loved it! You are so lucky. I wish I could do this all of the time too. I could even report nude. Imagine me being nude on TV every night!"
"I'd love to imagine that." I replied. "But for now, it's my turn, and you did want to see me cum, didn't you?"
"Oh yes!" Brittany burst out.
She stepped around behind me, and then reached around me to jerk my cock in front of everyone. After all that had just happened, it didn't take long before I was ready to shoot my load.
"Here it comes!" I grunted loudly into the mics.
A thick load of cum shot out of the end of my dick and arced high into the air as it traveled over the white stone steps, landing with a loud "splock" on the marble several feet below. I felt fantastic, as spurt after spurt of cum erupted from my penis in front of hundreds of people. When it was over, I turned to Brittany and smiled.
"More than you bargained for?" I inquired.
She nodded in reply.
"But well worth it."
"There's still some forms left." I said suggestively. "If you hurry, you can still catch the clerk before she goes home."
Brittany didn't even bother to pick her clothes up, as she dashed through the door and back toward the courtroom.
"That concludes this interview." I said brightly, as I wiped residual cum from the end of my dick with my index finger and smeared it on my thigh. "Remember to talk to Kitty Cutler about an exclusive interview with us. I'm sure she'll be glad to talk shop, so serious offers only, please."
"I'm authorized to offer you one million dollars right now!" a young man in a goatee shouted.
"That's a good start." I replied casually. "Now talk to Kitty about it. Good day."
I placed my right arm around Lauren's waist and my left around Sue's; escorting my two lovely ladies down the steps and across the street to the parking garage.
"That was incredible, Sir!" Lauren burst out as we entered the garage. "It was so hot! I can't believe I didn't cum myself! I guess I was still a little empty from what happened in court though."
"I think I'll masturbate in the car on the way home, myself." Sue added. "Well, this is my car, so I'll leave you two."
"Stay in touch." I said as she unlocked the door. "We both want to see you again, you know. And I don't mean on your work couch either. Maybe on our couch, or even better, on our bed."
"I'd like that." Sue asserted. "I'll call you soon, don't worry."
She entered her car and shut the door, as we continued up the ramp to our own vehicle.
"Now you know what it's like to cum in public, Sir." Lauren commented as we reached the shiny, black SUV. "How did you like it?"
"I fucking loved it!" I exclaimed. "I can't wait to do it again too. Maybe next time, we could go to the park and go for a walk. Then find a quiet spot; maybe near a brook or a pond, and I'll fuck the living daylights out of you right there."
"That would be awesome, Sir!" Lauren purred, as I started the car. "I'd love to fuck in the park. I'd love to fuck in one of those small parks uptown too, where we'd be surrounded by the entire city. Imagine doing me doggy style in the grass, as cars drive by!"
"That would be cool." I agreed, as I handed the ticket to the attendant.
"Five dollars, please." she requested, as she peered over the windowsill and into the car. "Damn, you two ain't wearin' nothin'!"
"Nope." I replied with a smile. "Lucky it's a nice day out."
The gate raised and I turned into traffic on the one way street, heading back to our house out in the suburbs. After we married, Lauren put her loft on the market and moved into my house. It only made sense. We had a lot more room for us and Little Jack, along with a nice yard where he could play as he grew older.
The neighborhood was perhaps ten years old or so, so it had an HOA which I didn't really care for, but after Lauren's loft sold, we could put the house on the market and maybe find something nice and quiet out in the country with a little more privacy. Since we were both registered nudists now, it would be a lot better for us if we didn't have a lot of inquisitive neighbors snooping around, hoping to catch a glimpse of us, or even a full show.
I pulled the car into the garage, and we exited the SUV; out of sight for now from the rest of the neighborhood. It was going to be fun trying to explain to a bunch of sex-starved biddies that Lauren had no choice but to be completely nude while she was mowing the lawn, washing the car, planting flowers or just relaxing in a lounge chair in the front yard.
"I could use a shower." Lauren stated. "Wanna join me?"
"Sure." I replied, as I slipped out of my sneakers and pulled my socks off. "I'll squeeze your tits and make you start squirting too, if you want. That way, you can go to bed without any danger of wetting the sheets later on."
"I love the way you play with my titties." Lauren responded. "Your grip is so firm. You have wonderful hands, Sir."
"All the better to grope you with, Little Red Riding Hood." I said with a smile.
"Mmm... my Big, Bad Wolf." Lauren replied naughtily. "Pretend these saggy titties of mine belong to Grandma."
"You know," I pondered aloud, as I pulled the shower curtain back and turned the water on, "I'd actually love to fuck a granny again. There's something about gray hair and saggy tits that really turns me on."
"We'll have to call that nice old lady you fucked on the plane." Lauren offered. "I'd love to see you do her from behind; those soft, saggy titties dangling down and flopping around while you nail her doggy style. Mmm!"
With that, I pulled the curtain closed behind us and began mauling her own floppy tits. It wasn't long before my wife's nipples began squirting uncontrollably, and she reclined in the tub as she climaxed under the warm shower. I helped her to her feet and she smiled warmly.
"I love you so much, Sir." she said, as she put her arms around me and hugged me tightly.
"I love you too." I replied.
"I love you more!"
"I love you most."
"I love you more than most!" she said with a laugh. "There, I got you that time. Beat that!"
"I love you more than most, times infinity?"
"I'm gonna kick you in the balls!" she hollered, chasing me out of the bathroom and into the bedroom.
I pulled her on top of me as I fell back onto the bed. We laughed and kissed for a while, finally sitting up.
"I'm hungry." Lauren stated. "I worked up an appetite today."
"Me too." I concurred. "Why don't you order a pizza and answer the door nude? That'll make an impression."
"That sounds like fun!" she replied. "I guess this officially marks the beginning of my new life as a professional nudist."
She looked at me as an idea popped into her pretty blonde head..
"Let's go for a drive tomorrow!" she said excitedly. "Out in the country. We'll take my car. It's a convertible, and we can drive around without any clothes on with the top down."
"I think you meant to call it a PERvertable." I said dryly. "The top won't go down, but my wife sure will!"
"Oh Sir!" Lauren retorted. "You're rotten!"
"Go order that pizza." I suggested. "We'll go to bed and get a good night's rest. I'm looking forward to driving around with you tomorrow. I don't know why, but something tells me we're going to have a lot of fun this weekend."