Part 03: Class Reunion
Yep, I am successful
Thanks to my editors kenjisato and Sahararose. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
"Filipe," I called my husband, "I just got an email about my high school reunion."
"Oh? What's it say?"
"It asks if I intend to attend next year. Oh, it was sent over a week ago to my old account."
"You think they know who you've become?"
"I honestly don't know."
"Is there any way you can find out?"
I thought about it for a while. "I can call my folks."
A few days later, my folks called back indicating that while the exhibitionist, Becky Sue, is well remembered, they don't think anyone knows I am a movie star now. Filipe and I spoke for a few days, and we finally decided to attend. Kelly said she would like to meet my folks, and she could watch the kids while we attend. I had Filipe make the reservations, including the 'penthouse' at my hometown hotel. In truth, it was just a wedding suite with a connecting pair of adjacent rooms. We would have Kelly and the kids in one, and the other would be for play. A few days later, I sent a reply indicating my husband and I would attend.
We alerted our agents of our 'vacation', so we would not be needed on set during that time. I had several bit parts, and one Nigkala Tale film. Filipe had a few bit parts, and was the leading man's wingman in a film. I explained to our son we were going to see my parents, and that he should call them grandma and grandpa, unless they said otherwise. I said nothing to our twin daughters, since they were still suckling.
Filipe and I discussed what we should wear for the event, as well as for roaming about town. At my folks', I figured comfy clothes would be best. I told Kelly to pack a fancy outfit or two, for some time off while we visited with my folks. By this time, Filipe knew of my exhibitionist past there. So he encouraged me to wear something just over the line. I wound up making a little black dress that stopped an inch too short in front, allowing all to view just enough of my vagina to want more. It sat a bit lower on my hips, and even farther down my butt. The dress was also sufficiently transparent that you could see my nipples through it, albeit shaded by the material a bit. It had small cap sleeves that barely covered my shoulders, but I had thin, white leather, elbow length gloves. I ordered a pair of white leather thigh high boots with three-inch heels, along with a thick white leather belt with silver trim. The purse was zebra-striped leather. For earrings, I had a pair of stylized daggers and a silver choker embossed with the name Nigkala in cuneiform.
While I had less experience designing male outfits, I made one for Filipe. It was much more colorful than my outfit, yet still classy. The embroidery made it a country-style suit, with a rather fancy vest and jacket. It was big city style, but obviously custom, yet understated. I offered to make something for Kelly and she jumped at the chance.
The day finally came to leave town. The paparazzi clearly knew we were traveling when they saw the luggage, over half of which was for the kids, but we lost them at the airport. In the middle of boarding, the girls decided they were hungry, so I just took off my shirt and grabbed them, putting one on each upper breast. The crew was awkward around me, but we just ignored my exposed breasts. Kelly got our son squared away, and prepped areas for the girls. Fifteen minutes later, they were sated, and I helped her settle them in their places. I then strapped myself in, having 'forgotten' to put my shirt back on. Filipe took advantage shortly after we departed, and started sucking on one lower breast. Kelly leaned in from the other side and took another. I just made sounds of contentment.
Half an hour later, we got the all clear to get up and go about the cabin. We watched the clouds go past below us for a bit, but we wound up having sex with me sitting on top of Filipe. Kelly masturbated. When Felipe and I finished, I ate her out.
When we finished, I walked up to the pilot, "Does this plane had an autopilot?"
"Yes."
"Well, I'm still horny, and if you want to do me, turn it on and come on back." I then turned around and went back to my seat.
Less than a minute later, he came back. He saw Kelly and Filipe groping each other, and then decided to pull out his dick. "No, strip. I'm naked, and so you should be." He hesitated, then gave me a what-the-hay look and shed his clothing. After coming in me twice, I told him, "Time to go back up front. I don't want to go to the wrong destination or, worse, crash." He grabbed his clothes, dressed, and went back. The whole time, he didn't say a word. Curious. I got dressed before leaving the plane.
After landing, we got in the rental SUV. It was large enough for all of us with room to spare. Filipe drove, as I need a custom driver's seat due to my size. Kelly and I settled in back with the kids to keep the chaos down. We drove nearly an hour to get to the hotel. We checked in easily, as it was close to a week before the event. As I was wearing comfy 'mom' clothes that mostly hid my breasts' shape, and carried the girls, no one recognized me. Kelly carried our son. We were shown to the penthouse, and Kelly and I immediately went to the adjacent room with the cribs and started setting up the nursery. Filipe orchestrated the luggage. It was late enough that we decided on an early night. Kelly went into the nursery to put the kids to bed while Filipe and I undressed and got into bed.
Half an hour later, Kelly walked into our room naked and left the nursery door open. We watched as she crawled into bed with us. As we had sex earlier in the day, we just spent the time cuddling and occasionally changed positions. When one of the kids needed attention, Kelly or I would get out of bed and see to it. Early in the morning, it was barely light when Kelly got up for the kids; she just closed the door behind her and spent the rest of the night in her bed.
We enjoyed the next day lounging about the suite, calling for room service as desired. The kids loved getting all of our attention. The next day, Kelly and I went to the mall, leaving the kids with Filipe. A few people recognized me, and I chatted with them while Kelly shopped. We went to a tanning salon and relaxed as we tanned. We called it a day after three hours before getting in the hotel's courtesy car. The driver took us to pick up our pizza, and we enjoyed it at the hotel. The next day, my folks came to meet the kids and Kelly Fischer, our nanny. Ma and I chatted and gossiped about everything local. Da and Filipe talked about my career, and Kelly chimed in from time to time.
The next day, Filipe and I went about town, and I introduced him to the dojo I had worked at. The sensei instantly recognized me. "Becky Sue, stick around a bit. George, take over the class." We spoke for a good half hour. After a bit, he asked, "Do you want to get a little exercise? An advanced class starts in a few minutes."
I looked at Filipe, and he said, "Go ahead. This should be fun to watch."
I smiled, "Got something for me to wear?"
"Maybe." I followed him into the office, and there in a display was my old outfit. He unlocked it, and handed me the outfit. I stripped and then tried the outfit on. While I did that, he hurriedly closed the blinds. It still fit. I folded my clothes and put them in the case. He locked it and we went back out. "Go warm up; I'll introduce you to the class."
He called them over. "Class, over there is a former student of mine. Ms. Tate is now a master herself. We will show you what serious sparring looks like." When he saw I had finished, he motioned me over. "Becky Sue, meet my advanced class. It seems some of them think they know something. Care to join me in showing them they are wrong?"
"Sensei, I would be honored. Freestyle? See who cries uncle first?"
"Sure."
"In that case, George, would you referee and start us?"
George looked at his boss and accepted. We moved to our starting positions. He raised a hand and held it between us. Then, calling "Begin," he dropped his hand in a chop and backed off.
We started with simple stuff, but at a fair clip. I matched the last class' level to begin, but after two or three combinations I sped up a bit. He did the same. After a minute, we each started adding more complex moves. The class was clearly interested. When I grabbed his arm and pulled him up to flip him over my head, they gasped. The sensei just took it in stride as I had telegraphed my intent to do the move as I had back when we developed it. After another minute, he signaled the reverse move, so I made a play that gave him access to grab me. Instead of being pulled past, I launched myself into the air to flip over him. More gasps. We continued to up our game, pulling punches that were not anticipated, but usually going full force. When he signaled he was at his limit, I asked, "Had enough?"
"Yes. You have bested your teacher. Again." With that, he stepped back. I, on the other hand, did a backflip to land a pace away as well. We then both bowed to each other, then to the ref. The class gave us thunderous applause. When it died down, he said, "Class, Ms. Tate also knows a number of ancient weapons, and is pretty good with them. While I am sure you would love to test yourselves against her, we don't have time. George, take over a few minutes while I say goodbye." We went back to the office and I put my clothes back on.
"That was fun. I'm glad you asked. Think they caught that most of that was choreographed?"
"Possibly, but it doesn't matter. You can't do most of that stuff unless you're good. And the flips? They will be hard-pressed to duplicate that, even if they team up to do it. That takes a lot of strength. Size helps, too."
Filipe chimed in, "Yeah. Her roles require her to be in top form, and she pulls all sorts of trick moves that look impressive."
"At first, I didn't want to watch the films, as I am not into watching sex. But I couldn't resist the call of the clips I saw on the internet. I just had to see the fight scenes. Becky Sue, some moves are over the top, but not all that much. And it looks so real; I am hard-pressed to see any stunt doubles."
"That's because I don't usually use any. Between my size and shape, it is hard to find a body double. With my skill, I haven't gotten seriously hurt on set yet. Besides, the weapons are blunted. I've had plenty of bruises, but even this fight we just had might have given me a bruise or two."
"Yeah, I'll be sore tonight. But what a fight. It'll be worth it with the renewed drive my students will have."
We parted, and back at the hotel, relaxed for the rest of the day. The next two days we gave Kelly off, since Filipe and I would stay there. I had also passed the word that I was staying here and for people to drop by these two days if they wanted to visit. When the clerk called up, I would take the call and go down and meet them. If it was a group, I took them to the main room and introduced everyone. If it was a single guy or gal, and I got a horny vibe, I instead took them to the other adjoining room. There, I suggested we relax. I then would undress and lay on the bed and ask if they would like to play awhile. My ability to read people was good, as everyone chose to play. After coming several times, and when he (or she) was tired, I got dressed and had them do so, as well. When we were ready, I went through the connecting door, where I introduced everyone. After a minute or two, Filipe asked me how many orgasms. I would casually reply with a number. No more was said of it. By the time they left, they understood ours was an open relationship.
The next day, we took the SUV and visited my folks most of the day. Tomorrow was the big day. While Kelly took care of the kids, I spent most of the day at the spa getting pampered and preened. I got my nails done, my hair done up, and finally got back to the hotel. There, we had a light dinner then got dressed. I made sure Filipe could see my vagina when I was standing. At the right time, we went down to the entrance and got in our limo. When we pulled up to the school, I made sure Filipe got out first. He reached out his hand to help me out, and I took my time, allowing everyone to see my vagina. We went arm-in-arm, totally ignoring that my vagina was still on partial display. We stood around and chatted for half an hour before going to the dance floor.
We would have danced cheek to cheek, but his cheek was at my lower breast level; so instead, I just pressed it into my breast and petted his hair. On the third dance, he pulled the side of my dress in to expose a nipple and started sucking. On the fourth, he pulled the other side in to suck the other one without covering the first. Rather than dance a fifth song, I just followed him to a sturdy chair. He sat down and pulled out his erection. I just sat down and guided it in and proceeded to slow grind on him. He played with my nipples, and we talked quietly. When I felt enough people were watching, I sped up. He, in turn, started counter thrusts, pounding me harder. Our conversation became grunts and other sounds of pleasure. When he deflated, I got up and got us drinks. He put his dick away. I returned, lower nipples still out and aroused. I sat down next to him.
A few minutes later, he wandered off. Before others could, I said, "That was a nice fuck. Don't you all think so?"
One of the girls replied, "Becky Sue, you are such a... a... Slut!"
"Yeah, but a sated one. At least for the moment. Give me a few minutes, and I'll be ready for round two."
"Why you! I never!"
I looked at her and realized she was rather turned on by me. "But while I wait, why don't you eat me out. I promise it is tasty." I dipped my finger in my vagina and held it out to her. I looked her in the eye and said, "Go on, give it a try."
She reluctantly leaned in and did. "Um...."
"It's okay. I like girls, too." I then crooked my finger and pointed to her, then my vagina.
Even as she said she shouldn't, she came closer and finally put her head between my legs. I spread them good and wide to give her room. I pressed her head in and said, "Lick it good. Get all that juice. Clean me up good." Once she started to relax, I reached down with my other hand to fondle her breast. When she was done, I raised her head and leaned down and gave her a kiss with a bit of tongue. She responded with her tongue before she realized everyone was watching. We broke the kiss. "Thank you."
She backed off into the crowd, and I just sat there chatting with others with my legs still wide open. A few minutes later, someone came over and asked me to be decent. "Sorry, I can't help it. I like sex." The woman huffed off into the crowd.
A guy sat next to me and pulled out his dick. "You want to ride me?"
"Sure." I got up and sat on him, again positioning him in me. While I had sex with him, he pulled both sides of my dress in on the upper breasts exposing all four. After we finished, I excused myself to clean up. I went into the lady's room in the hallway off to the side. When I came out, there were four guys about my size or even taller. I went to pass them, but one spoke up.
"Becky Sue, a moment."
I turned around, "Yes?"
"I don't know if you remember us, but...."
"Captain Gonzalez of the basketball team? And some of your faithful minions? I remember you trouncing our rivals in the championship."
"Um... Yeah... We can't help but notice your willingness to have sex with others." I nodded and he went on. "We are all rather tall, and it is rather hard to find a girl tall enough for standing sex. We discussed it, and we would all like to give it a try, if you are willing."
At that, my nipples quickly went to full mast. "All at once, or one at a time? I'm game either way, but I think it will be easier if only one is inside me at a time."
"Yes, one at a time..."
"Okay captain, you first. Pop that dick. Now stick it in me. Push me against the wall. Good. Harder. Harder, faster. Oh, nice! Suck that nipple harder and bite it a bit. Don't worry, I'm not fragile." I got him so worked up, he came real hard. Long, too. When he deflated, I just told him to sit a bit.
He sat, and I then pulled another in front of me. "Your turn. Pop that dick!" He seemed more the slow and easy type, so I accommodated him. I sensed he was about to pull out before coming, so I just use my kegel training and didn't let him. "Come in me. Go ahead, it's okay." He couldn't hold it any longer and let it rip. He deflated, and I sat him down. The captain looked ready to stand, but I just pulled the next player in.
When the last deflated and sat, I pulled the captain to me again. "First time, you were too eager. This time, take all the time you need. Savor it. Now in." While his pace was almost the same, it was clear he was taking the time to enjoy it. I got him to play more with my nipples. As he came, I looked him in the eye and said, "You will stay hard, I want you again." He got a surprised look as he didn't deflate, and looked at me in wonder. Again, looking him in the eye, I said, "This time it will be better, longer, and more intense. Prepare yourself. Hold it as long as you can. Then you can relax."
This time it took longer for him to come, but it seemed to take forever to finish coming in me. When he did, he fainted. I caught him and lowered him carefully to the ground. The others were stunned. I just said, "Next," while looking at the second guy I did. As he came the first time, I likewise whammied him like the captain. He had the same reaction. "Next." Another was downed. "Next."
Afterwards, I went back into the restroom to clean up. When I came out, they were still there, but awake and smiling. Then they saw me. I still wore the boots, belt, and gloves, but my dress was now in my purse. I just returned to the floor to find my husband and dance some more. When we took breaks, I just acted like my attire was reasonable and if anyone asked, I just said it's easier to have sex when you are nude.
Late in the evening, they called our attention for the status updates. They called each of us to the stage to tell everyone what we were now up to. When my turn came, I went up, still ignoring my lack of attire. I took the mike and said, "I went to college on a football scholarship, and graduated as a drama and phys. ed. dual major. I also became the actress known as Helen Asher. That's right. I am the star of the R and X-rated Nigkala Tales. I fight hard, and sex hard. But some of you might have guessed that." I then played with my nipples. This got some laughter. "This is my husband, also an actor, known as Ray Young. We have three kids and love each other." He reached behind me and placed a hand on my lower breast and started to play. "We are here for another few days, and would welcome visits to us at the hotel." I handed the mike back, and we walked back to our seats. His hand behind my back made it tricky, but his grip on my breast didn't fail.
While I didn't have any more sex that night, I did get lots of questions about my role and how I was able to do it in front of the camera and a crowd. "Simple. No sexual inhibition. Or close to it." I also got lots of sex questions, as by now everyone knew they could ask me anything sexual, and I would answer.
For the rest of our stay, I entertained visitors, including some teachers. If they hinted a desire for sex, I took them to the side room first and indulged them before introducing them to my family. Kelly was given another free day, and a bonus, and went shopping. The day before leaving, we had a picnic. We went to the swimming hole, and I took my clothes off to tan. Kelly and Filipe took turns applying lotion. When the kids slept, he took off his shorts, and we had sex to the surprise of the young crowd. After a bit, it got quiet, but we didn't pay any attention.
When we came up for air, I heard, "Well, you haven't changed much."
"Sergeant Johnson. It's been a while."
"Yep. I'm sheriff now."
I got up and looked him up and down. "It suits you. You have more muscle and an air of authority about you. Congratulations."
"Thank you. You, too, have grown. More clearly a woman now than ever. Even with family. I heard about the other night. You are a piece of work. They'll be talking about it for years."
"Good. This place needs a scandal or two every once in a while."
"But not your kind. You go too far, as usual." He smiled.
"You going to do anything about it?"
"Nyah, but could I get a few pics? The guys will want to see."
"Sure." I then started posing for him, first in coy poses, but progressing to some hardcore ones. "How about one of the two of us?" He nodded, so I posed with him and Filipe took the pics. The last one had him face to breasts, with his face millimeters from my aroused nipples.
"Oh! The guys will love these. Thanks."
"Anytime. Have a nice day." He tipped his hat and left. I went back to cuddling with Filipe.
We left the swimming hole an hour later and left town the next day.
When we got home I asked, "What will we do to top that for the 20th reunion?"
But that is another story...