This is written for my friend Penny.
My name is Rae. I'm a 38 year old brunette bi lady. I'd be what you'd call a smaller sized BBW. Not a stick figure but not quite a BBW. Let's just say I'm voluptuous.
I first laid my eyes on Penny when I went to her home to discuss some business with her husband. He offered me coffee and went to make it. I could see the kitchen area well from the lounge, through the serving nook.
Penny came through the lounge and went to the kitchen. She mustn't have seen me sitting there or aware I was coming. She was wearing the most delightful red baby doll negligee, through which I could see she wore red g-string panties and no bra. It was only a brief glimpse, but I knew then that I had to have her. Penny is a BBW and that outfit looked so hot on her.
She came back into view through the nook and was talking to her husband. I enjoyed checking out her bounteous breasts, tipped with large and very stiff brown nipples. My pussy was getting very moist. She still didn't appear to realise I was there as she chatted away.
I saw her husband hand her two cups of coffee and she headed out to the lounge. I was thrilled. She was looking down at the cups, so as not to spill any as she approached the coffee table, behind which I was sitting. She must have noticed me just as she got there.
She squealed and said, "I'm sorry. My husband didn't tell me we had company, otherwise I would have put on something more appropriate."
She set the coffee on the table and as she bent I had a wonderful view of her cleavage. I said, "I'm Rae, pleased to meet you," and held out my hand for her to shake, "I'm fine with what you're wearing. It's very nice."
When I was talking and as we shook hands, I wasn't looking at her face, I was enjoying seeing her tits jiggle. I could also she she was blushing from the redness on her chest above her cleavage.
She introduced herself as Penny and said, "I guess I'll just go and get dressed," and turned. I then had the pleasure of watching her arse cheeks wobble as she left the room. I couldn't wait to get my face between them.
Then next time I saw Penny was a few days later, in town, shopping. I think she saw me and I think she wanted to avoid me from embarrassment, but I approached her, thinking it was a pity she wasn't as scantily clad as the other day.
"Hi Penny, I'm glad I ran into you. My friends and I are having a charity function at my place next Tuesday and I'd love it if you'd come," I asked cheerily.
She replied, "I, I, I'm not sure. I'm really embarrassed about the other day."
"Don't be silly. You should really be upset with that husband of yours. He set you up! Besides, you're very attractive and that outfit looked very sexy on you." I could see her blushing again. "Besides, is sisters need to stick together, right?"
She replied, "Yeah, I guess so."
"Good then it's settled. Give me your number and I'll text you my address and the start time. Like I said, it's all afternoon so we'll be having lunch and dinner. My husband will be up the coast, fishing."
She gave me her number and we went our separate ways. I texted her 5 minutes later with the details and 'You'll have heaps of fun. We've got games and activities planned to raise money. Make sure you get dropped off and picked up'. The reality was there would be four of us there. We would start with a light lunch and lots of drink and then an intimate lingerie party, followed by ...
Penny texted me back and asked what she should wear. I replied 'Something comfortable ... and sexy x."
On the Tuesday, my friends turned up first. Noreen is a very sexy 50 something blonde with a similar figure to mine, although her tits are bigger than mine. She was the original instigator of this group and she is a bit kinky. She was wearing a short floral dress and white high heels. It was clear she wasn't wearing a bra. Her nipples are always prominent. She was also wearing stockings, I knew they were stockings. She never wears pantyhose. We all found out later she wasn't wearing any panties.
Trish is the baby of the group. She is a 26 year old redhead with the most gorgeous green eyes. She is very petite, small breasts, small pink nipples, tiny waist and arse. She was wearing a lime green silky top and very short black skirt. She was wearing white panties, which was obvious because she was flashing them every time she sat or uncrossed her legs.
I thought I'd puzzle Penny by wearing nothing but a short terry towelling bath robe. I was so excited when Penny arrived. I had a horrible feeling she'd chicken out. I'd clued the girls in that she was the nervous type and we'd probably need to take things slowly.
She surprised me with what she was wearing. Maybe she wasn't as shy and nervous as I thought. She had on a low cut blouse, accentuating that sexy cleavage and a short skirt, showing off her shapely thighs.
I introduced her to Trish, kissed her one both cheeks and then Noreen, grabbed her, held her against her body and kissed her on the lips, the dirty slut.
I covered by saying, "You'll need to excuse Noreen, she's the old fashioned type and is very excited to have a new member of the club. You'll also need to excuse me. I've been so busy getting things ready, I haven't had a chance to get dressed."
Penny surprised me by saying, "You look fine and comfortable, if it was just us, I'd say stay as you are." She would realise soon that it was just us.
We drank and ate some finger food. I deliberately let my tits become exposed occasionally and Trish was flashing her knickers all over the place. I made mine look unintentional and it was obvious that the short length of Trish's skirt meant she couldn't help it. I did notice that Penny wasn't looking awash, in fact she was having a good perve. It was just as well Noreen's skirt wasn't too short or Penny would have been confronted with her closely cropped mound and waxed pussy lips.
There was a knock at the door and I clapped an excited girly clap and said "That will be our first activity."
I went to the door and let Sean in. He gave me his big box of goodies and wheeled in the clothes each full of lingerie. "Good afternoon ladies," Sean was always very nice, especially because he wanted sales on his lingerie and toys. "Looks like a nice little gathering, Rae. It's a pity I can't stay. It looks like the makings of a fun afternoon."
I'd normally ask Sean to stay, he added an extra dimension to our fun, but I didn't want anything to get in to get in the way of our seduction of Penny.
"OK girls, should we do the lingerie or toys first?" I asked, hoping they'd go for the lingerie and they did. I looked through the lovely outfits on the rack and said in mock surprise, "It looks like they're all one size, so we'll only have one person modelling for us today." I'd actually asked Sean to make them all one size so only Penny could model.
"Penny can you go and try this one for us?" Penny looked apprehensive, but also a bit excited. "Girls, I think we should make Penny feel a bit more comfortable. How about we get down to our underwear, while she puts this on for us?"
I hoped there'd been enough alcohol for Penny to be brave enough to model for us and I knew full well that neither Noreen or I were wearing any underwear.
Noreen said, "I'm a bit disappointed. I was looking forward to doing some modelling today, but I'm glad we'll be seeing Penny in this sexy gear."
That seemed to give Penny a bit of confidence and she went to change into the fairly modest outfit I'd picked out for her first exposure. While she did, I took off my bath robe, leaving me naked, Noreen took off her dress leaving her in only suspenders, stockings and shoes and Trish took off her top and skirt, leaving her in her cute white panties.
Penny looked divine when she returned. I'd given her a black baby doll outfit with matching panties, similar to what she was wearing the first time we met.
Penny came out looking so sexy in that outfit. She still looked nervous and that added to the erotic atmosphere that was developing.
Trish said "That suits you so well, Penny, but it does hide all of you good bits."
Noreen agreed, "Yes, you do look nice in that, but I'm afraid it's not revealing enough for me."
I gave Penny some support and whispered to her, "Realise that the girls are critiquing the outfit, not you. I think they'd like to see a little more."
When I leaned into whisper to her I made sure my nipple brushed her bare arm and stayed resting against it. She didn't move her arm, so that was an encouraging sign.
I handed her a more revealing body suit to model. "I think they'll like this more." It was lacy see through for the most part, but with a panty part which would hide her pussy. I didn't want to go too far too soon.
When Penny came out, my pussy fluttered a little. This was the first good look I had of her breasts and very suckable pink nipples. I looked at Noreen who was smiling and gave me a wink of approval. I could tell she couldn't wait to get at this sexy woman. I just hoped she wouldn't rush in and scare her off.
Trish broke the tension, "Wow, I wish I had tits like that. The only problem is that I'd be playing with them all the time." We all giggled, including Penny, which made her tits jiggle delightfully.
Her comment was just the right balance of compliment and giving Penny an idea that we found her sexy.
Noreen said, "Turn around slowly dear, I'd like to get a good look." Penny did so, "Very nice," Noreen continued, "How does the material feel against your nipples? It looks a bit rough."
Penny seemed to be gaining a little confidence, "No, it's quite smooth and feels nice."
Noreen couldn't help herself, "Do you mind if I feel it?" Penny moved closer and Noreen brought her hands up to Penny's breasts. She placed her outstretched hands on them and kneaded them, then took Penny's nipples between her fingers and tweaked them.
"That doesn't chafe your nipples?" Noreen asked.
Penny replied, a little breathless, "No, it feels nice."
I stepped in, I didn't want Noreen going too far. I'd chosen the next outfit carefully knowing that it would completely expose Penny's nipples and pussy.
It was a black one piece outfit made from 4 inch wide bands of silky material, two bands came over each shoulder and would sit on either side oh her huge breasts, leaving the majority, including her nipples.
The bands were stitched together at the waist like an 8 inch wide belt. From there, at the front, two of the 4 inch bands crossed over forming an upside down v and ran down to the tops of her thighs, up between her arse cheeks and were stitched into the wide belt at the back. The design left her pussy completely exposed. Yummy.
Penny has been gone a few minutes and I realised she'd left her wine behind, so I took it to her, besides I'd then get the first look at her pussy.
When I walked in, I thought I might have blown it. Penny had changed into the outfit but was sitting with her eyes looking down to the floor. She looked up and she looked worried.
"Is everything all right love? Aren't you enjoying yourself? You look worried," I said as I handed her the wine.
She took a long swig and said, "Yes, I'm really enjoying myself, that's why I'm worried. I'm worried I'm turning into a lesbian. It's turning me on showing myself off to you all."
I put my glass down and put my left arm around her shoulder. "It's OK sweetie, your not turning into a lesbian. We all think you're very sexy and we're not lesbians. The first time I laid eyes on you in that baby doll outfit at you home, I knew I had to get my hands on these."
With that I started caressing her right boob with my right hand. She didn't flinch, so I continued, "And as you know, I'm married and I love cock. All of us do. John and I swing and we've had foursomes and moresomes with couples and single men and women. I love experiencing new cocks and new pussies."
I thought this was the time to press things further. I now started concentrating on her very hard nipple. She has the type of areolae that don't contract evenly when her nipples harden. The sides do, but the tops and bottoms seem to stretch out leaving them elongated. I find that very attractive and it makes me horny.
I gently rubbed the back of my fingers over her nipple and then started to tweak it as I continued. "Take Noreen, she's been a widow for 5 years, but she now has more cock than ever. She'll have half a dozen men on the go at any given time."
I'd moved on to Penny's other huge breast. I fondled it and lifted it. Her tits really were very firm and quite weighty. I was getting the feeling that this dirty talk and tit play was really getting Penny turned on, I know it was turning me on, so I stepped it up a gear.
I slid my hand down along her stomach and towards her pussy. Rather than shrink away, she pushed her hips out, giving me better access. I softly slid my fingers up and down Penny's large outer lips and said, "My, you're very wet down there Penny. You really are enjoying yourself."
As I slipped a finger inside Penny's wet cunt, I continued, "And Trish might appear sweet and innocent, but she's a cock and cum loving slut and she likes more than one at a time. She has a few boyfriends, but what she really likes is older men. That's why her and Noreen are great friends. Noreen is easily bored and when she's had enough of 4 or 5 of her boyfriends, she'll organise a gangbang for them with Trish. She likes to have a cock in all three holes at once and she loves being covered in cum."
I took my finger out of Penny's cunt and sucked her juices off it. "So, as you see, we're not lesbians, but we do like playing with other girls." I took her hand and led her back out to the others.
As we were about to enter the room, I heard movement, like scuttling. I hesitated a moment before going through the door to see Noreen just sitting back down. They both had looks on their faces like a teenager whose mother nearly caught them masturbating.
I noticed that Trish's panties were now on the ground and for some reason thought that my husband would love to have a sniff of them. They were full of Trish's pussy juice.
I figured they must have been playing with each other. I couldn't blame them, we'd been a while and I'd been playing with Penny. I led her to the middle of the room and asked her turn a few times so the others could have a good look. She still seemed very nervous. I guess that was because she was now showing her bare nipples and pussy.
Like a fashion show compere I said, "I'm sure you'll agree ladies that this is a stunner. The outfit isn't bad either. See how the top highlights Penny's nice stiff nipples, supporting her lovely tits, while still exposing plenty of tit flesh and how the rear of the bottom draws together as a string up and into her arse crack, leaving her buttocks on full view."
I had sensed on the day we first met that Penny enjoyed being exposed, but was nervous about it, just like she was right now. I also guessed she would be enjoying having her exposed bits highlighted and attention being brought to them.
I continued, "And what lovely buttocks they are, wouldn't you just like to spank them?"
Noreen let out a little growl and an audible, "Fuck yes and I will at some stage."
I continued again, "See how the front of the bottom gives us a wonderful view of Penny's bush, and a hint of her luscious lips below. There's another feature I'd like to draw you're attention to. Penny, would you be kind enough to kneel down on the rug and lean forward with your elbows on the ground?"
She hesitated, but then a wicked smile came across her face. Both acts belied her nervousness mixed with excitement.
"Ladies, if you'd come around here behind Penny please, you'll see that if you had her in a spanking position, the material is stitched in such a way as to leave her pussy easily available to enjoy in between smacks and it gets better."
I knew this might jolt Penny, but I also knew it would excite her more. I grabbed each of her arse cheeks and pulled them wide apart. This had the double effect of pulling Penny's pussy lips apart and exposing her puckered little arsehole. Both Trish and Noreen gave me the thumbs up, which of course a Penny couldn't see.
I held her open while I continued, so desperately wanting to lean down and lick her pussy and arse. "As you can see, in this position, the material is cleverly made so as not to come together into a string until it clears Penny's tiny pucker, leaving it exposed for a little anal tickling or licking or more."
I let go of Penny and asked everybody to take a seat. Penny's face was flushed and while it may have been from a little embarrassment but a flush as deep as that only comes from being sexually excited. The other give away with that was how deeply red her blood engorged pussy was when I held it wide open to everybody's gaze.
We all took long sips of wine. This time Noreen's timing was excellent. She identified we needed to build the momentum and not let Penny go off the boil. She said, "Penny dear," in her friendly granny voice, "That's an outfit I'd definitely be interested in buying. You see, I'm something of an exhibitionist and I was wondering if you could show me what it looks like when your legs are spread, so I can get an idea of how it would look on me."
Penny was fooled by the friendly granny thing, but I knew the dirty old slut wanted a good view of Penny's cunt. She was either fooled or thrilled to be exposed like this because her legs went straight over the arms of her chair and she scooted her arse forward.
We had a wonderful view of Penny's wide open slit, nobody more so than Trish who was sitting directly opposite. Penny now had her hands between her legs and was spreading her pussy lips out and up and her gaze was firmly fixed on Trish, who was now in a similar position and I knew why. Trish was toying with her clit and Penny was now running a finger over hers.
Trish might be petite in every other way, but one. She has the biggest longest clit I have ever seen and she was now wanking it between her thumb and forefinger.
Things were really ramping up now and Noreen, the bitch, saw her opportunity. She knelt in front of Penny's altar and asked, "Have you ever had this beautiful pussy licked by another woman, dear?"
Penny just shook her head with a negative uh, uh, her eyes still fixed on Trish wanking her huge clit. Noreen continued, "Would you like it to be, dear?" Penny nodded her head with a positive uh hu.
So Noreen got in before me to break Penny's bi virginity, but there were lots of other firsts I had planned for Penny.
Noreen replaced Penny's hands with her own, keeping her pussy wide open. She licked up and down Penny's outer lips, lapping up the juices that had run from her cunt. Penny moaned and threw head back and closed her eyes.
I knelt beside Penny's chair and whispered to her, "It feels great doesn't it? You're lucky to have such an experienced woman as Noreen for your first time," despite the fact I was as jealous as hell.
I re-acquainted myself with Penny's left breast, fondling it, but this time bending to kiss her nipple and suck it into my mouth. I suckled her nipple like a baby trying to get milk and simultaneously flicked my tongue over.
I had a good view from here and could see Noreen insert her tongue into Penny's cunt and clamp her mouth onto it. I knew from experience that Noreen would be moving here tongue in and out and occasionally swirling it around.
Penny confirmed that, "Yes, fuck my cunt with your tongue. Oh God that is so good." I also knew from experience that Noreen would be rubbing her nose across Penny's clit.
Trish now joined in and placed her mouth on Penny's and started kissing her. I could tell by the movement of their jaws they were doing some dirty tongue dancing in there.
I was still watching Noreen's technique. She IS very good. She unclamped her mouth from Penny's pussy and remarked, "You're very wet dear and juice tastes divine. I hope you have a lot for me." Penny's mouth was too busy to answer and Noreen didn't expect one.
She continued to admire Penny's attractive pussy before easily slipping her middle and ring fingers deep inside her. She moved her fingers in and out a little, searching for something and she found it. Penny's body jerked as Noreen found her G-spot.
Penny pushed Trish away and moaned, "Fuck, that is so good!" Trish joined me on Penny's other tit and unison we kneaded her big tits and suckled on her nipples. Noreen made up the horny trinity by taking Penny's clit between her lips and gently sucked it and flicked her tongue across it as she stroked her G-spot.
Penny started to writhe. I knew that feeling from Noreen eating my pussy and I knew it wouldn't be long before penny went off like a firecracker. Noreen knew it too and quickened her stroking.
As it built, Penny's utterings became a string of incoherent fucks and shits and oh my gods. At that point, Trish and I knew to take hold of one of Penny's legs each and put a little weight on her torso.
I knew the most amazing orgasm she'd ever had was about to hit her when Noreen took her mouth off Penny's clit and held it open in front of Penny's cunt. She also sped her G-spot stroking up so much her hand was a blur. I told Penny to just let it go. She soon understood what I meant as her body jerked and jolted as if she'd been hit by electricity. She tried to scream but only a small high pitched squeal came out and then she started squirting in Noreen's mouth.
Well, most of it went in her mouth. Some went on her face and tits and some sprayed straight past her onto the floor. The first squirt was a long stream, followed by about eight others getting shorter and shorter. Penny whimpered throughout and her body spasmed with each squirt.
When we return, we'll find out more about Penny's new love of bisex.