Marlene was walking through the campus after an arduous day of exams, there was a liberating feeling inside her, because that morning she presented the last and the most complicated of all. Now she could focus her attention on activities of a playful and relaxing order for her, this took her towards the center of the city.
While she enjoyed her walk through those streets full of history and headed towards a small bookstore in search of a work she had ordered weeks ago, she thought of refreshing herself in a picturesque establishment which had a decoration and finishes that dated from the late nineteenth century when that place opened its doors to the public, Marlene enjoyed spending time there while having a drink and contemplating those silent walls that sometimes seemed to tell her all that they had witnessed, having survived two wars.
Marlene's gaze was impetuous as she scrutinized the walls and those old photographs that decorated the place, suddenly her eyes noticed a couple a few tables away from her. Her imagination was stimulated as she noticed that the couple was passing through town and seemed to have come from far away. The man was wearing a light-colored linen 3-piece suit with a blue French shirt and a quaint Panamanian hat, smoking a cigar and a thinly shaved mustache, reminding her of those old movies she enjoyed so much.
That mysterious and attractive man whose appearance reminded her of the afternoons Hemingway spent drinking mojitos in Havana Cuba, was accompanied by a distinguished woman who seemed to be absorbed by the obvious charm of that beautiful establishment, she was dressed in an elegant white dress crossed in front, from a distance the fabric and the manufacture betrayed to be the work of a prestigious designer, Her hair impeccably combed, her features so correct gave her a certain air of celebrity from the golden age of cinema and in her eyes seemed to lodge the secret of time, while she crossed her leg and the sound of her stockings subtly enunciated the rubbing of her thighs, his eyes stopped for that brief moment with Marlene's eyes.
Usually Marlene would have been a victim of her shyness, but that weather-colored gaze and the halo of glamour of that mysterious and beautiful woman were an extremely appealing power. The woman who looked a glorious 42 years old and had a sophisticated manner flashed a gentle smile at Marlene, who instinctively responded with her natural radiance.
Marlene had a secret game when observing both things and people, in this case she imagined the history surrounding this attractive and sophisticated middle-aged couple, who unwittingly exerted a mysterious and alluring charm, which took Marlene back to a bygone era where all that elegance and charming manners could be synonymous with aristocracy and majesty.
That brown-haired beauty raised from her chair and without any interruption, her eyes continued in that invisible dance they had engaged in with Marlene's just minutes before. The elegant sound of her steps and the aristocratic cadence of her gait with the rhythm in which her hips moved on the axis of that defined waist and her round breasts, majestically pronounced inside that cleavage, approached Marlene whose pulse began to have a slightly accelerated syncopation that moved to the rhythm of a series of emotions that seemed to bounce in her stomach and made a scale caressing her navel, the latter gave her a greater intensity, which made her legs tremble.
The beautiful and distinguished woman approached Marlene and cordially invited her to join them at their table for a La Gorce Chateau Medoc that had recently opened.
Marlene was fascinated and accepted the invitation, indicating how flattered she was by the attention.
During those hours they conversed around that wine that they accompanied with cheeses from the region and an artisan bread that made a wonderful pairing, the spirit of the wine pleased the senses in many ways and the atmosphere of that pleasant conversation would continue throughout the afternoon.
Marlene shared a wonderful evening with Melina and Otto who were amazed to hear about the young woman's readings and the way she described her musical hobbies, Marlene unwittingly became the center of the conversation, as Melina had a charming way of making her guests feel special and thus conceived an atmosphere of intimacy, in which Marlene generously opened up a good part of her way of thinking and living.
Once the third bottle was exhausted, the couple invited Marlene for a walk, she could not avoid feeling flattered by the interest of that couple that she found so interesting and cultured, the fascination to take the conversation to a walk through the streets, opened the possibility for her to talk about the architecture of the buildings that she admired when she walked through those places and the couple would listen to her delighted.
The night was in full swing and the streets slowed down their daily movement, this made the city offer its complicity, providing a peaceful atmosphere where at times the only sound was the footsteps of that trio and their voices immersed in a pleasant and intimate chat.
Melina spotted a bench and invited Marlene to take a seat, while Otto offered to fetch them a coffee and left them alone to talk.
"You really are a very impressive girl, I like the way your words reflect all that your gaze captures and how passionately you express your architectural taste, I am really enjoying this lesson." Melina said.
Marlene blushed and politely thanked her for the praise she received.
"I have a few days in the city and have toured a good part of it, there are some truly impressive things, but there is something that is more captivating; and that is the art in motion."
Marlene smiled, but did not understand exactly what Melina was referring to; art in motion.
"I don't understand what you mean." Said Marlene.
"You see, an artist leaves part of himself when he conceives a work, the other half is left to the observer. Let's say that the urban panorama is a canvas and there are expressions of beauty that are captured for an instant on that canvas, beauty is in the eyes of the one who has the fortune of becoming an observer. Last weekend Otto and I were walking through the city and we were fascinated to see a beautiful expression that I thought deserved to be considered a work of art." Said Melina.
"I really enjoy the way you speak, I would like you to tell me more about this interesting concept."
"Sure, something so beautiful deserves to be described and one hopes to capture again a unique and unrepeatable instant. Do you know that this substantially forms a work of art? Although this expression could be defined as ephemeral art. This gives it a greater value, given how unrepeatable it becomes, melting into the phenomenology of infinity." Melina said.
"How interesting, I would love to hear more about it."
Melina settled on the bench, crossed her leg in silence and for an instant her time-capturing eyes stopped and rested on Marlene's.
"They were 3 beautiful human sculptures in the female form, gliding naked inside the urban skyline, it was fascinating how that beauty interacted with the lucky few who were able to witness that event." Melina said in a tone that could be felt somewhere between solemn and enraptured."
Marlene smiled back and her eyes were illuminated by Melina's face.
"I almost didn't recognize you when I saw you with your clothes on, but the look on your face made me instantly realize it was you."
Marlene's heart fluttered its rhythm and a crackling heat ran all over her skin as she blushed and Melina stopped her from responding by gesturing to her, resting a finger on her full red lips.
"Don't say anything! Beauty belongs to the one who appreciates it and you know that perfectly well, I believe that for this moment it is my gaze that temporarily claims possession of a unique and unrepeatable instant, which may mean a rewarding mutual experience."
Marlene stood completely mute and motionless, as Melina rose to her feet and she followed.
"Say nothing, allow me the exhilaration of your shining."
Melina's hands roamed over Marlene, who sighed as the buttons of her blouse were released from those buttonholes, and gently the clasp of the black satin bra was playfully released, and a caress set free her breasts that greeted the cool evening light, the pleated skirt left the body of the ecstatic and expectant young woman, who was unable to resist the softness with which Melina's hands were molded and secretly begged for her touch to pronounce a secret on her dermis and guide her through the canvas that was laid out for them in that silent and smooth prelude to infinity.
Her body begged Melina to pull her strings and watch her move, to guide her through the blank canvas granted by that intimate nocturnal instant.
Marlene's young and trembling body received the desire of the gaze that voraciously read those secrets indelibly captured on that skin completely exposed on the public road, while her black panties fell to the ground and now she was liberated and was taken by the hand by the experience of that elegant woman, who invited her to walk with her through those lonely streets to the beautiful Wittelsbacher fountain, where Melina silently told Marlene to position herself, while from her handbag she took out a camera that would immortalize those moments.
Marlene flowed in silence and her body experienced a celebration in an ode while Melina and her gaze captured the poetry in motion that manifested itself in an exhibition of intimacy with the contrast of a neoclassical monument.
The sound of the water in the fountain and its illumination provided a sensual atmosphere to combine the architectural and sculptural aspects of the monument itself with the complement of the living sculpture embodying Melina's concept of the "ephemeral artistic instant".
Marlene was crackling with excitement due to the enjoyment she felt under the unstoppable gaze of Melina, who embodied an aristocratic female version of a modern Pygmalion ecstatic at the brief possession of a living sculpture, who yearned pleadingly for relief with her gaze.
Her eyes sought Melina's approval and with a wink, she indicated to her moving sculpture that her hands should release in her wetness that long awaited relief, which would be another unrepeatable instant captured in Melina's memory, whose pleasure increased witnessing that dripping relief that Marlene was experiencing, removed from her initial inhibitions and eager to continue pleasing the senses of that woman, who claimed her rightful possession hours before and enjoyed exclusively the overflowing sensuality of that young woman.
The sound of the crystalline water flowing in the fountain harmonized with the elegant steps of Melina approaching Marlene, their gazes seemed unable to break that mystical link of hypnotic concupiscence, the distance between their spirits was a brief metaphor that merged into a sublime series of caresses, the trembling body of the young woman approached Melina's and silently deciphered the enigma of her lips.
A passionate catharsis was overflowing through the architecture of the eternal feminine in a symbiosis of life acting as the work of art that served as a stage, an outbreak of her essence flowed resoundingly from her interior sealing with its humidity that secret between 2 spirits.
That beautiful and elegant dress of Melina's, sliding along her skin moved by her own weight, was now darkened by the humidity lying on the floor. Wittelsbacher was a mute spectator of the way the blue lace adorning Melina's body migrated from her skin, carried by hands whose subtle dexterity responded to her body's liberating desire, as her wavy hair fell over her shoulders. Now there was no inconvenience to be filled with the feverish nakedness of her young and sensual sculpture, joining her present and her after.
Those dexterous hands moved away carrying those now unnecessary garments, letting flow that wet and feminine secret that voluptuously flowed between them evoking a creative mutual orgasm that left its ephemeral evidence in that historical monument and was sealed with the passionate kiss of two concupiscent mysteries that met in the afternoon in response to their gazes.
Once their desires were satisfied, Melina took Marlene by the hand and together they would walk with no other shelter than the silence of the night, while Otto's subtle contemplation captured from a distance that ephemeral game of living sculptures adorning the urban horizon with their sensuality and being surprised by the dawn.
Otto silently witnessed the way in which those bodies whose festive nudity voluptuously adorned a dance with reality and glided imposing a condition of ephemeral art, walking hand in hand and being found by the echo in its eternity.