Morgan woke up with a start. She sat up and looked toward the window. It was still dark outside. She looked at the clock on the nightstand and sighed. It was set for seven but it showed a few minutes after five. She laid back down on her back and sighed again.
She sat up and leaned over to turn on the bedside lamp. As she returned to the upright position, her hands came up and caressed her bare breasts. She shivered as her hands rubbed back and forth over her nipples. It made them tingle. She exhaled noisily as she threw back the covers.
"I might as well get up. There is no going back to sleep now," she said aloud and wiggled over to sit on the side of the bed.
A backpack with a roll bag strapped at the bottom and her sleeping bag and small dome tent strapped to the top caught her eyes and she smiled. "An early start is a cooler start," she whispered as she climbed out of bed.
As she headed for the bathroom, she mulled over the heat of the day. This trip was supposed to have happened a month earlier but.... She sighed as she sat down on the commode. Her supervisor at work had had a heart attack and she had filled in for him.
She patted herself dry and opened the shower door. Turning toward the sink, she picked up a length of black ribbon and tied her hair up in a topknot so it wouldn't get wet. It was a little over shoulder length but it was fine and thick. It took time to dry.
Working four days a week gave her a three day weekend every week. Most of the time she stayed home and watched TV or played on her computer. But this weekend she felt energized. There was no rain in the forecast and the temperature was supposed to be mild to warm. Camping time in her mind.
After her shower, she put on a pair of dark green short running shorts and a black t-shirt that she had cut off at the bottom. Her breasts were not large but they were round and her nipples stuck straight out. The shirt ended a few inches below the bottoms of her breasts and allowed breezes to caress the bottom of each one.
Dressed, she sat on the side of the bed and put on her socks and hiking boots. When she stood up, she stomped her feet to settle the boots in place. It was an old habit. She found an old brown ball cap and put it on. With the pack in hand, she turned off the beside lamp and headed for the kitchen.
Since she was early, she considered making coffee and breakfast. Instead, she grabbed a bottle of water and sipped it as she rounded up her wallet and car keys. The idea of breakfast at the old café crossed her mind and she grabbed a hoodie and slipped it on.
*****
Breakfast had been quick and easy. Thirty minutes and she was on her way. Now she was entering the hill country. It was cool this early so she had the A/C off and her windows rolled down. The hoodie kept her comfortable.
It was just cracking dawn as she turned on a gravel side road. It led to an old park that was more run down than anything. A mile or so before the park, she turned into an old logging road. As she slowly followed the road, the surroundings were getting lighter.
By the time she reached the old logging clear cut where they had loaded out logs she had her headlights off. It had grown up a lot since the last time she was here but there was still enough of a road for her to get across it and hide her car among a stand of cedar trees.
She rolled the windows up, got out, and got her backpack out of the backseat. She locked the car and smiled as she took a deep breath and let it out slowly. It was sweet and heady out here in the woods.
With the pack in hand, she wove her way through the cedars until she was in a large oak flat. She took the hoodie off and tied the arms around her waist. It only took a few minutes to get the pack on, the straps snapped and adjusted to her liking.
She bounced the pack and wiggled her shoulders to get it settled. She had a big smile on her face as she headed out across the oak flat. She was headed for a gap between two very large pines. As she stepped between the pines, there were quick footsteps in the leaves to her right. She froze and watched two deer trotting away from her. They went out of sight around an old dead pine top.
That's a good sign, she thought. If the deer were not spooked enough to run then no one had been around to bother them. She headed out among the tall scattered pines, only now, she was walking slowly and carefully and looking around more.
She didn't see any more deer but she did see a couple of squirrels and a large rabbit. By the time she reached a brush line at the far edge of the pines, she was ready for a drink of water. She paused and unclipped her canteen from the side of the pack and took a swallow. It was still cool.
Putting the canteen away, she turned right and followed the edge of the brush. A couple hundred yards later, she came to a cut through the brush. She worked her way along the trail until it opened out into an area of large oaks with smaller pines and cedars mixed in.
She walked over to a big oak and took the pack off. She sat it down at the base of the trunk and opened the barrel bag. She reached in a pulled out two pieces of soft tanned leather on a woven thong. There was a small sheath knife on the string also. She laid it down on the pack.
Straightening up, she pulled the t-shirt off and put it in the roll bag. She took her time looking around as she ran her hands over her breasts and belly. She shivered and untied the hoodie from around her waist. That went in the bag also.
She slowly and carefully looked around as she caressed her breasts again. Her nipples were tingling deeply as she groaned softly and reached for the waistband of the shorts. As the shorts slowly slid down her hips and down her thighs, she made soft whimpering sounds. Being naked out in the wood was both exciting and scary at the same time.
Her head wanted to turn every which a way as she took the shorts off over her boots. She kept control of the scary part pretty well. The exciting part, there wasn't much she could do about that. She could feel her inner and outer lips slipping and sliding together as she squatted down to put the shorts away.
She picked up the two pieces of leather, along with the knife, and the thong and stood up. She shivered as she wrapped the thong around her waist and tied the two ends in a bow at her left hip. Her hands checked the leather panel in the back. It was as wide as the top of her ass cheeks and half that width where it ended an inch or so below her ass.
The front panel was almost as wide as her pelvic bones at the top and half that wide at the bottom. It ended an inch below her sex. This was the first time she had worn this outfit outside her apartment. It had felt fine inside but out here.... The words scandalous, scary, and exciting rolled around in her head.
Squatting down, she closed up the bag and stood up with the pack in hand. She put the pack on and groaned at the way it pushed her breast together and made them stand out more. The chest strap just added to that. The strap across her hips was just above the woven thong.
She had patterned the outfit on an American Indian breach cloth but without the part that ran between the legs. For a male that would have been right in her mind but.... She hadn't found a picture of a female breach cloth so she adlibbed it.
Wiggling her hips from side to side made her whimper softly. She was so very wet. Wetter than she ever remembered being without playing with herself. She looked around quickly and whispered, "Onward. It's another mile at the most."
Walking around naked at home was one thing but out here it was so much more. The scary part was slowly receding as she moved among the trees. The exciting part was getting stronger. Her hips were swaying more than normal and twitching from time to time.
She could feel her clit being rubbed by her inner lips as it stood up tall and un-hooded. The feeling made her whimper and her hands kept moving toward her sex. It was a constant fight. She came to a stand of cedar and moaned. Her normal campsite was on the other side of them. Her brain had a chanting question going on. Which would be first, set up camp or masturbate?
She moaned softly as she went to the right around the cedars. "Camp, camp, camp," she whispered over and over.
*****
Her tent was set up among the cedars with the entrance facing outward overlooking the creek about ten feet away and five feet down. At the edge of the drop was a rock fire pit. With the pack and roll bag in the tent, she spread out her sleeping bag in front of the door.
Part of the sleeping bag was in the sun and part was in the shade. She sat down cross legged in the shade. Her hands ran over her breasts. They felt slick from a fine sheen of sweat she had worked up setting up the tent and getting it in place.
She had a smile on her face as she looked up and down the rocky creek bed running in both directions from her camp. She was remembering the only people she had ever seen out here at her camp. It had been a couple who looked a few years younger than her.
Sunbathing nude on the sleeping bag, she heard a rock rattle. She had been on her belly, so she lifted her head to see the couple making their way along the creek bed, stepping from rock to rock. They had both been topless, which was the only thing that kept her from scrambling into the tent.
Morgan sighed as she remembered the guys broad muscular chest and bulging arm muscles. The woman had had a big chest also but it had nothing to do with muscles. Her breasts had been twice the size of her own. Her nipples had been the size of Morgan little finger and very tall.
With a shiver and a soft moan, Morgan pinched and rolled her small nipples. She wondered if the woman's bigger nipples were as sensitive as her own and if the extra size gave her more pleasure if she pinched and rolled them. There was no way of knowing but it was an interesting thought.
When her right hand dropped to her lap and slipped under the soft leather covering her sex, Morgan groaned and laid back on the sleeping bag. She straightened out her legs and spread them wide apart. A fingertip lightly and slowly rolling her clit around made her hips jerk and twitch.
The guy from that day had starred in a few masturbation fantasies from time to time but she wished he had been completely naked. In fact, she wished they had both been naked. That would have added so much more information for her fantasies.
Her hips rose up slightly as her mind showed a picture of the woman's breasts and the lack of tan lines. Morgan didn't have any either. She wondered if they had a place to tan nude and make love. Was it somewhere around this area? She made a soft whimpering sound as her hips gave a jerk.
She moved her fingertip off her clit and ran it up and down in her slit. It was slippery and glass smooth. She would barely brush her fingertip against her clit in one direction and stir the entrance to her sex in the other. Her orgasm had been climbing fast earlier but now she was teasing herself.
Her finger was now wet with her juices and she was spreading them in her slit and over her inner lips. She dipped her finger into her sex even deeper and it entered to the second knuckle easily. This raised her hips even higher.
The thoughts of wandering around naked or nearly naked earlier pushed her pending orgasm higher. The thought of running into the couple naked dressed as she was pushed her over the edge. Her knees came up and closed around her hand as waves of pleasure radiated from her sex. Her eyes were tightly closed and a long drawn out moan escaped her lips.
*****
Sometime later, Morgan sighed in contentment. She was again laid out on her back with her legs spread apart, her hands were by her side. Her eyes slowly opened and she was looking at the leaves fluttering in a gentle wind. She grinned and came up on her elbows.
"That was fun," she whispered as she sat up. She untied the bow at her left hip and moved the front panel to the side so she was naked in the front.
She looked down at her hairless mound and sex. She used a finger of one hand to spread out her inner lips over her outer ones. It was the same finger she had had in her sex earlier. Without thinking about it, she raised and sucked on it. Her eyes closed at the flavor on the finger. She loved her own taste.
She moved sideways until she was fully in the sun. She laid back, sighed, and relaxed as the sun warmed her body until she felt toasty. She groaned and sat up as she remembered her tanning oil was still in the roll bag. She rolled over and crawled to the entrance to the tent.
Back out in the sun, she applied the slippery oil to all of her body she could reach. She even came up onto her knees to get her ass and the backs of her thighs. Recapping the bottle she laid back down and relaxed again. Her hands came up ever so often to caress her breasts and to work her outer lips open and closed.
It wasn't long before she was ready to turn over. She also turned around so her head was toward the creek drop off. She loved to lay this way with her elbows down and her head raised so she could look up and down the creek bed. She laid that way until her back got hot.
She moved sideways into the shade and sighed as she laid her head down on her arms to cool off. She may or may not have slept but a rock rattling in the creek bed made her eyes pop open. She raised her head slightly and heard another rock rattle up stream.
She couldn't see anyone or anything from where she was so she crawled a few inches closer to the edge and lifted her head higher. She grinned as she saw a raccoon rummaging among the rocks looking for something to eat. It found a crawfish, which was soon devoured. It moved on to the next rocky area and searched under the edges of rocks. It ate several water bugs it found and another crawfish.
It was fun for her to watch the raccoon doing its normal business. She had seen several but they always ran off quickly. Finally it caught a huge crawfish and scampered up the far bank. She wondered if it was a female and taking that one to feed her young.
With the entertainment over, she came up on her knees and put the breach cloth and the knife on and tied the thong. Time to gather some firewood. She got a couple of swallows of water from her canteen and her folding saw.
Walking around picking up limbs and cutting them up felt different that walking around with the pack on. She felt more exposed but that just made it more exciting. By the time she had a pile of wood next to the fire pit she was sweating.
There was a deeper pool up stream that was a great place to wash up and cool off. She had explored up stream for several miles. The creek banks were lower and the creek ran in straighter lines. Down stream was toward the park but it was five or six miles in a straight line. The creek in that direction had higher banks and was very crooked for the short distance she had explored.
She looked at the sun and decided she had plenty of time to get her folding water jug filled and to take a short swim. With the jug in hand, she set off up stream staying in the edge of the woods until the bank flattened out. Stepping out in the open of the streambed sent chills up and down her spine.
Before, she had always worn her short shorts and the cutoff t-shirt when she walked the creek bed. The open creek bed was only about twenty feet wide here but she could see past her camp behind her and past the two pools of water in front of her. With a soft whimpering moan, she moved out to the larger flat rocks in the center of the creek bed.
Now she felt even more exposed. If someone came around the curve in front of her, she was caught. That made her sex clench up tightly. She was almost a mile from her tent and her clothes. She groaned softly and pushed on toward the pools. The rock was warm under her bare feet.
She skirted the large pool. It was over waist deep in the center. The water was warm along the edge where she stepped in it. The upper pool was shallower and the water ran through it quicker, that made it cooler.
At the head of the smaller pool was a knee high ledge where the water poured over in several spots. She choose the center most one and filled the jug. She would add the purification tablets to it back in camp.
She waded the upper pool's knee deep water on the way back. That cooled her legs off. She again skirted the lower pool. At the lower end, she left the jug in a small flowing area to keep it cool and moved out onto the big slabs that made up the dam on this end.
Stripping off the breach cloth and knife made her shiver hard. She had stripped off her shorts and t-shirt in this same spot more than once with the same effect. She sighed deeply and then grinned. Her mind and body were silly things.
She looked up and down the creek bed before she moved to the edge of the slabs and sat down. Her feet were in the water and it felt warm. She wiggled forward and stepped down to a ledge. The water was thigh deep as she stood up. It was cool on her thighs and colder on her feet.
With a deep breath, she stepped off the ledge. She blew out the breath quickly and gasped. The water was cold, especially on her sex. She danced around trying to decide whether to climb out or wade out. In the end, she squatted down until just her head was above water.
That didn't make it better. Her nipples hardened until they hurt. She stood up quickly and waded toward shore. When the water was up to her knees, she turned to face the pool and went to her knees. The water was warmer here. Almost tolerable.
"Why didn't I just wade in to start with?" She asked herself aloud. With a chuckled, she muttered in reply, "Where would be the fun in that. Anyway, I wouldn't have had to undress out on the rocks."
She used her hands to wash the tanning oil and sweat off her body. It wasn't long before her breasts and nipples were tingling. Running one hand and then the other over her sex and inner thighs made them twitch and jerk. She ended up pinching and rolling her right nipple around as she used one finger to tease her clit gently.
Her hips took up a slow and steady back and forth motion that pressed her clit to her fingertip one moment and lightened the touch the next. She switched nipples and let out a soft whimpering moan. "Now or later?" She asked herself.
Rolling her clit around more firmly with her fingertip, she moaned and whispered, "Both."
Her upper body moved back, pressing her clit more firmly to her finger over the next few minutes. Suddenly, she was coming and coming hard. In her mind, the couple she had seen that day had walked around the corner above the pool and caught her in mid climax. That just pushed her higher.
*****
Morgan came down from on high with a deep sigh. Her eyes fluttered open and she looked around quickly. There was no one around. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. One part of her mind was happy with that but another part.... She took another deep breath and dipped up water to pour over her neck, back, and breasts.
When she stood up, her knees were shaky. "Ya got to love the great outdoors," she whispered as she moved over to the rock ledge and sat down to dry naturally. She shivered and grinned. One part of her body never seemed to dry when she was naked outside.
She leaned back on her arms, which pushed her breast out more. The sun kissing her body felt so good after the cold water. Her knees were spread wide so the sun could reach her sex. She kept an eye on the turn in the creek bed in front of her. What would she do if someone walked around that turn? It wasn't like she could run out and get her breach cloth and then run back to grab the water can.
With a deep moan, she whispered, "Would I dare to just grin and bare it?"
She didn't have an answer to that question. Not a clear cut one anyway. One part of her mind told her she didn't have the courage. Another part was screaming something along the lines of how big her orgasm would be. A small voice in the background was yelling for her to get up, get dressed, and to haul ass back to camp.
With a shiver and a deep sigh, she stood up and went to put on the breach cloth. With it in place, she retrieved the water can. With one last look around, she turned and walked into the edge of the woods. She turned and looked back. With a shake of her head, she turned and headed for camp.
*****
Morgan dropped the tablets in the water can and shook it until they dissolved. She shook it some more and then sat it in the deep shade under a cedar limb. She built a small fire and then went to get one of the vacuum packed meals out of her pack along with a small boiler pan.
The meal was beef stew, one of her favorites. She dumped it into the pot and added water from her canteen. She stirred it up and waited a few minutes for everything to hydrate. She stirred it more and added a little more water and stirred it in.
She sat the pot on a flat rock near the fire and relaxed. A few minutes later, she went to the tent to get the hoodie. It was starting to get cool. The fire gave her enough light to rearrange the tent and to get her sleeping bag inside and arranged. An old yoga mat made a place for her to sit by the fire.
The stew was bubbling and the smell made her mouth water. A few more minutes and it was ready to eat. She pulled her hand inside the sleeve of the hoodie and used that as a hot pad to hold the handle of the boiler as she ate. It tasted as good as it smelled. She ate with great relish.
With the stew finished, she washed it down with a swallow of water. She poured water into the pan and sat it close to the fire as before. She relaxed back on her arms and looked up at the sky. The stars were hard pinpoints of light.
She sighed and laid down on the pad. The fire was warm on her bare legs. The hoodie was open in the front and the air was cool on her belly and breasts. Her hands felt warm as she caressed her breasts. Rubbing her palms in circles on her nipples made them tingle.
A few minutes later, the heat from the fire was getting hot on her inner thighs. She grinned as she sat up. Rubbing her nipples had her sex clenching up and relaxing. The water in the pot was starting to bubble lightly. She looked around at the darkness. A flicker of light to her far left caught her attention.
Suddenly it disappeared. She leaned forward and back and from side to side trying to relocate the light. It had looked like a fire but why had it disappeared so suddenly? Maybe it was some kind of barbeque pit with a lid. But.... How did someone carry it so far out into the woods? Was there someone else camping down stream from her?
That last thought made her shiver hard. Were they on this side of the creek or the other? She couldn't gauge the distance. She knew light carried farther in the dark. She remembered reading that the lit end of a cigarette could be seen for a mile in open country.
She looked at her fire and groaned. Could the other campers see her fire? That worried her. She quickly washed her spoon and the pot. She tossed the water over the drop off and rinsed the pan with the last of her water in the canteen.
The fire was low and got even lower as she scattered it around the fire pit. She sat on the pad for a while and watched the direction she had seen the light but it never reappeared. With a sigh, she scattered the coals of the fire and sprinkled some dirt and ashes on top of them.
"Time for bed," she whispered as she stood up and headed for the tent with the yoga pad in hand. She slipped it under one side of the sleeping bag and zipped up the door of the tent. She sat down on the sleeping bag and blew up her air pillow. Her eyes kept going to the screen of the door. There was a cloth outer door but....
She took the hoodie and breach cloth off and laid them aside. As she started to lay down, she retrieved the small sheath knife and laid it by the edge of the sleeping bag. It wasn't much of a weapon but it was sharp.
Laying down, she wondered if she could use it on someone. She had cleaned small game and fish with it but.... Only time would tell if it ever came to it. She groaned, pulled the sleeping bag over herself as she rolled onto her side.
*****
The sun coming through the front screen woke her up. She rolled over on her back and sighed as she stretched her body, her arms above her head. Her arms got cold quickly so she pulled them down and put them back under the sleeping bag. She had a sweat suit in her roll bag.
She shivered and watched the sum slowly rise through the trees across the creek. "Okay this isn't getting anything done," she whispered as she sat up, grabbed the hoodie, and quickly put it on. She started to do up the zipper but stopped and held the front closed.
She groaned as she looked out the front screen. She had come out here with the idea of running around as an Indian maiden wearing the breach cloth and nothing else. She had packed the sweat suit for the cool mornings and the cool evenings. She reached for her roll bag.
Under the sleeping bag, she slipped the sweat suit pants on. Tossing the sleeping bag back off her lower body wasn't nearly as cold as sitting up nude had been. She left the hoodie unzipped as she moved over and worked the yoga mat out from under the sleeping bag.
With it in hand, she unzipped the screen and stepped outside. She took several deep breaths and smiled as the smell and taste of the cold morning air. It was sweet and fresh, almost heady. She placed the mat by the fire pit and then got the water jug and refilled her canteen. She used a little of the water to wash her face. She dried it with the hem of the hoodie.
When the front of the hoodie opened, the cold air made her nipples hard. Her hands on them made them tingle and get an itchy feeling. The same feeling as getting out of the cold water of the creek.
She was stacking wood in the fire pit when she remembered the fire down stream the night before. Standing up, she walked to the edge of the drop off and looked up and down the creek bed. No one was in sight. She moved to the edge of the woods in the downstream direction and tried to look through the trees and bushes.
As she walked over and sat back down on the mat, she was wondering if she should go looking for the source of the fire now or later. As she worked on getting the fire lit, she shivered as she thought about doing that search in just the breach cloth. Her vagina tightened up at the thought and held that way for a while.
The fire caught and her vagina finally relaxed. "Breach cloth it is then," she whispered as she stood up and went to get her breakfast package.
*****
With her oatmeal done and the pan and spoon washed she leaned back on her hands and sighed. The sunlight on the open front of the hoodie felt good. She sat up and slipped it off. Leaning back the sun warmed her upper body in front but it was still cool on her back.
She had a grin on her face as she laid back, lifted her hips and slipped the sweat pants off. She laid those aside with the hoodie and groaned at being completely naked outside. She had her knees raised and groaned again as she let them slowly fall open all the way.
The sunlight was a warm kiss on her outer pussy lips and mound. She grinned and then let out a soft whimpering sound as she thought of going this way to look for the other camp. Now her vagina was really clenched up, as well as her lower stomach muscles. "The breach cloth will be bad enough. Not enough nerve for naked," she whispered as she closed her knees trying to get her sex to relax.
Her knees slowly opened back up as her sex relaxed. The sun had her warm all over where it touched her. Her hands came up to caress her breasts and then ran down across her stomach, and split to end up on each inner thigh. Caressing her inner thighs and coming close to her sex soon had her legs trembling.
Moving her hands back by her sides, she made a soft whimpering moaning sound. To the sky, she said, "It's too early for that." In her mind she knew that wearing the beach cloth and slipping through the wood would build her orgasm higher with anticipation for one thing.
She sat up with her knees still spread wide. Looking down, she smiled as she saw her slit was open and her inner lips were also. "Perfect," she whispered as she closed her knees and stood up.
Laying down naked was one thing, standing up that way was scary and exciting. With the hoodie and sweat pants in hand, she went into the tent. She put the breach cloth on and sheathed the knife. With a deep breath she went outside. Not as scary but still exciting her mind supplied.
The fire was very low with little to no smoke. She got a drink from her canteen and made a face at the chemical taste of the purification tablets. Putting the canteen in the shade, she turned toward the direction she had seen the firelight the night before.
*****
She slipped through the wood slowly and watchfully. She stayed close to the drop off into the creek but far enough in the woods for concealment. Her breathing was a little ragged as her sex kept clenching and unclenching. She would pause every so often to look and listen. When she did, her hands came up to caress her breasts. Her nipples tingled and were hard enough to hurt.
The trees were not thick being mature pines but scattered brush and bushes made her feel safer. She came to a more open area and squatted down next to a bush. Movement across the creek caught her eyes and she gasped softly. A large older man was sitting on a camp stool next to a small barbeque pit. He was completely naked.
Morgan was frozen. There was nothing but a couple of scattered tree trunks between her and him. It was obvious that he hadn't seen her, or so she thought. He was looking at the piece of wood he had in one hand. The knife in his other worked at the wood. It looked like he was carving something out of the piece of wood.
Could she move around the bush without drawing his attention? She shivered hard and remained frozen. Maybe she should wait for him to move but how long would that be, she wondered. He paused in his carving and lifted the lid on the barbeque pit a few inches. He lowered the lid and looked dead at her.
She gasped loudly as he asked, "What is a beautiful young lady like you doing wandering around mostly naked out here in the woods?"
Morgan's mouth worked but nothing came out. She ended up, jumping to her feet and running around to the other side of the bush. She had been caught, kept running in a circle in her brain. Why she wasn't coming like mad was a mystery unto itself. Her breathing was harsh and rapid. Her heart beat wildly.
Her first thought was to haul ass back to her camp and put the sweat suit on before she packed up and headed for her car. She took a step in that direction and then groaned deeply as she saw how open that direction was. How long had he been watching as she approached? Long enough to see me all over, came the reply from somewhere in her brain.
She suddenly realized her arms were covering her breasts. She lowered her arms as she thought, it's too late for that. Then she wondered where she had pause last to look around and caressed her breasts. Had he seen that? She groaned at that thought. She took several deep breaths. That seemed to calm her some.
After another couple of deep breaths, she moved so she could peek around the side of the bush. He was back to working on his carving. Now she was curious. What was he carving and what was he doing out here naked? After another deep breath, she asked aloud, "What are you doing out here naked?"
His answer surprised her. "I live here."
"This is park land," she said.
"No, the park land ends about a mile down stream. You're on forestry land and over here, I own fifty acres or so."
"My maps show this as all Park land," she said.
"It used to be but the park service sold a lot of it off to a lumber company. I worked for that company most of my life. I got hurt and they offered me a chunk of land and a settlement. I took it," he told her.
She suddenly realized she had moved out from behind the bush as they talked. That made her shiver hard. "You have a house over there?" She asked to distract her body and mind.
"I'm working on it," he replied.
With the deep channel of the creek between them, she took a deep breath and walked several steps toward him. He looked up at her and smiled. "You need a couple of feathers in your hair to go with that outfit."
"I thought about that but couldn't find any feathers that looked right."
He nodded and said, "I have some black crow feathers that would work well."
Morgan shivered again as she walked several more steps in his direction. "Straight up or off to the side?" She asked.
"Off to the side. One straight out and one angled down," he replied with a grin. "The knife is a good touch but the cloth is cut wrong for the local tribes."
She moved to the edge of the creek drop off and said, "I couldn't find any pictures of Indian women wearing breach cloths so I had to use my imagination."
"You did a fairly good job," he said as he leaned over and lifted the lid on the barbeque pit again. "Lunch will be ready soon."
"I had breakfast not too long ago," Morgan replied as she shifted her weight from one foot to the other. His eyes on her were driving her nuts. He was not staring but taking her in, in brief glances.
"Is this the first time someone has caught you mostly nude in your wanderings?" He asked.
"Yes," she replied with a hiss in her voice.
"How does it feel?" He asked still looking at her.
"Very scary and very exciting," she replied with a shiver.
"I'm honored to be your first," he said as he stood up.
Morgan gasped. His dick was standing up against his lower belly. It wasn't large compared to some she had seen on her laptop but it was bigger than anything she had encounter in real life. Not that there were that many to compare too.
She watched as he opened the lid on the pit all the way, picked up a pan on the little shelf at the end, and used a large two prong fork to take what looked like a rake of ribs off the grill and transfer them to the pan. He laid the fork in the pan and shut the lid on the pit.
"My ribs are ready," he said a moment later. "Come on over if you're hunger or if you want to continue our conversation. I have a table up by the house, which is where I usually eat." With that said, he turned and walked into the woods.
Morgan followed him with her eyes but his dark tan soon blended in and she lost track of him. She looked up and down the creek bed for a place to cross and then groaned. "Camp, clothes, pack up, car," she said and then groaned again.
Did she dare cross over to his side of the creek? Why should or would she? Her sex was so clenched up it hurt. Then move back in the wood and find a place to masturbate, her brain said. She groaned at that thought as her hands came up to her breasts. She jerked them down and shivered.
Was he watching her or was he sitting at a table eating? Part of her mind whispered, only one way to find out. Another part was chanting, camp, clothes, pack up, car. She groaned as she found her hands back on her breasts. She jerked her hands away again.
That he seemed harmless enough, crossed her mind. "Harmless?" She whispered. "I'm mostly naked and he's completely naked."
She took a deep breath and turned toward her camp. As she wandered that way, the chant was back in her brain. Get dressed, pack up, and haul ass to the car.
*****
She reached camp and got a drink from her canteen. She was standing at the edge of the creek looking up and down it. To cross, she would have to go to her right, cross over and then hike back to where he was. Are you crazy? A little voice in the back of her head screamed.
She grinned at that, set her canteen in the shade and turned to the right. "Probably," she said to the air as she headed out.
At the first low spot in both banks, she crossed the creek. She wasn't sneaking as she walked back toward his place. He had seen her, pretty much all of her. For some reason, that took the scary out of walking around. Well, most of it anyway but it left the exciting at full power.
She came to a three strand barbed wire fence. The brush and bushes had been cleared from both sides in both directions. She wasn't far from the creek but she wondered what was at the other end of the fence. She took her time to climb between the second and third strand.
Now that she was on his side of the fence, she again wondered if this was a good idea. She took several deep breaths and turned toward the creek. She looked up and down the creek and found her camp not far to the left. Had he been watching her from here or even farther down in front of her camp. She had no idea.
She turned right and followed the creek toward where the barbeque pit was. She reached a cleared area and stopped next to a bush. She could see the barbeque pit. She moved forward and looked to her right. The open area ran to what looked like a wooden structure. There was a picnic table to the left of it.
In between her and the house was just scattered trees and a few shrub looking bushes. The man wasn't in sight. Where was he, she wondered. She backed up into the bushier part of the woods and moved toward where the house was. When she thought she was close, she turned toward the cleared area again.
The house was a hundred feet from her when she stopped by a bush. The man was sitting in a chair on the small porch, leaning forward with his carving and knife back in his hands. She wondered if the hundred feet gave her enough of a head start if she needed it.
Then she noticed something she hadn't before. His right leg looked normal but his left leg was dark metal below the knee. Was that the injury he had spoken of? How fast could someone run with a metal leg, was her next question. With a deep breath and a shiver, she stepped out into the open.
When he didn't look up, she said, "Hello, again."
He looked at her and smiled. "I see you mastered your fear."
"Somewhat," she replied.
"Somewhat is good. Never lose it completely. That can be dangerous."
"I can see that," she replied and then asked, "What are you carving?"
He sat back and held up the stick. It looked like a figurine on the top end. "I'm hoping it will be you. I've done all kinds of animals but never a human figure before. It's harder than I first thought."
She shivered at the thought of it being her. "The head of a walking stick maybe," she said with a grin.
His eyes went from her to his metal leg and back. "I hadn't thought of that. A good idea. Not that I need a walking stick but it would get looks when I go to town."
"Is there a road over here?"
"About a quarter mile in front of the house," he replied. "It runs out to the highway where the bridge crosses the creek."
"I've been across that bridge but I don't remember there being a road there," she said as she stepped out into the open more.
"The logging company put it in for me. It also gives them a place to select cut on this side of the creek. I own everything between the road and the creek."
"That's a pretty good chunk of land," Morgan said.
"Yeah, I kind of stuck it to them since it was negligence on their part that got me hurt."
"I'm assuming medical bills along with the settlement?"
He nodded. "Plus I trade with them my timber for lumber. That's how I'm building my house."
"It looks kind of small," she said as she took another couple of steps forward.
He chuckled. "I don't need much. Right now, it is a living room, kitchen, and bathroom. Later, I'll add a bedroom or two and another bathroom."
"If you have a kitchen and all this space here, why do you barbeque down by the creek?"
He shrugged. "I like to barbeque for one and I like to look up and down the creek. I've seen some interesting things over the last few years, including you."
"You could see my camp from the corner of your property. Were you spying on me?" She asked.
He shook his head. "Nope, I go by the motto of live and let live. I saw your fire the other night and wondered who it was but I didn't pursue it."
Morgan grinned and said, "So, you're not a dirty old man?"
He laughed and shook his head. "I wouldn't go so far as to say that but.... I try to keep a rein on it."
"Why don't I feel afraid of you?" She asked next.
He shrugged. "That I can't answer. That is a question for yourself."
She took a few more steps in his direction and asked, "Do you have another chair?"
He shook his head. "That's on my to do list but we can move to the picnic table if you like."
She looked from him to the table and back. It had benches down each side. "Age before beauty," she said with a grin.
"Hey now, forty four isn't that old," he said as he stood up.
She watched him as he moved to the table and sat down. He didn't move fast but he wasn't clumsy either. She moved to the table and sat down across from him. "You're twenty years older than me," she said softly.
His eyes were on her breasts. Her nipples were hard enough to hurt. She shivered hard as he said, "I think I need to redo your breasts and nipples on my carving."
Morgan's hands came up to hover over her breasts. She made a whimpering sound as she put them back down to her sides. "Your eyes are driving me crazy," she whispered a moment later.
He chuckled as he raised his eyes to her face. "I'm Dave Morris by the way."
"Morgan Miller," she replied.
He stuck out his hand and she shook it. He smiled and said, "Now that we are acquainted and working on becoming friends, let me extend an invitation to camp over here on my place. No strings attached. You are the first visitor I've had of the female persuasion other than my helper when I'm building."
"I like the place where I camp now but I am limited on what I can carry in and out."
He nodded. "Have a look around and find you a place over here that you like. Maybe down closer to the old campgrounds. There's a lot to see down that direction. A lot of couples walking up the creek but very few go past the point where it straightens out."
"I've only seen one couple past my place."
"A big chested guy and a tall bigger chested blond," he said with a wink. "They have a place down steam from here where they fuck like minks."
Morgan shivered as she thought of watching the couple fucking. "That was them."
Dave chuckled. "A voyeur as well as an exhibitionist."
Morgan gave him a hard look and then smiled. "And what pot is calling what kettle black?"
"Guilty as charged," he replied with a wink.
She laughed. "I saw them walking but I've never watched anyone doing anything, actually."
"Ah, a want to be voyeur."
She groaned and nodded. "Them, you, and a couple of boyfriends are the only ones I've seen naked."
He nodded. "Then I know the perfect spot for you to get both eyes full. Why don't you go pack your stuff up and get your car. Then you can drive around and park in the driveway. You can set up camp down by the barbeque pit."
"I, uh," she said and then wondered if she should. "I'd, uh, feel safer with you around in one way, but not in another."
"I can understand both parts of that," he replied. "I'm fairly harmless. I only bite if I'm asked nicely," he added with a grin.
She looked at him for nearly a minute and then took a deep breath. "I think I believe that," she whispered softly.
"Good, then I can expect you for supper. I'll throw some more potatoes and carrots in the stew pot. The meat is the leftover ribs."
"You have electricity here?" She asked.
He nodded. "It runs the refrigerator, an old air conditioning unit, if I need it, and the water well. The stove, hot water heater, and my fireplace run off gas. I have a tank out by the driveway."
"All the comforts of home," Morgan said with a grin.
"I'm getting there slowly but surely."
Making a sudden decision, Morgan stood up. His eyes ran up and down her body that was above the table. She groaned and shifted her hips from side to side. "There you go with the eyes," she whispered as she turned and stepped across the bench.
She gasped and grabbed the front of the breach cloth. It covered well from the front but not from the side if she lifted her legs very high. "I, I, I," she stammered.
Dave grinned and said, "A very masterful flash if that was planned. If not planned then accidents make the best flashes sometimes."
"Not planned," she said quickly. "Not paying attention is the only thing I can say."
"Accidental then. Was that your first time flashing anyone?"
"Uh, a boyfriend or two but never a stranger," she admitted.
Dave chuckled. "We're not strangers but I know what you mean."
She blushed deeply and turned away from him. She was headed back to her camp. She had made three or four steps when he said, "Can you lift the flap in the back? It would help me with my carving."
Morgan stopped and looked over her shoulder. She shivered hard. "You're sounding like a dirty old man to me."
"Well, that too," he replied with a grin.
She turned back forward and used both hands to lift the back of the breach cloth. She held it up a few seconds and then jerked it down. She glanced over her shoulder and said, "You are dangerous. I've never done anything like that in my life."
"I've been an ass man most of my life and I must say, you have a gorgeous ass."
She shivered and whispered, "Do you say that to all the young women you see naked out here?"
"So far you're the only one I've talked too," he replied.
She groaned softly and headed for the woods.
*****
Pulling in his driveway, she noticed it had a curve in it so you couldn't see the house from the road. There was a two car carport in front of the house with an older pickup parked under it. She parked to the side and got out. "Here I go again," she whispered as she got her back pack out of the back seat of her car.
She slung it over one shoulder and started around the house. She had the short t-shirt on and the short shorts. She was bare footed. Her boots were in the car. As she came around the end of the house, he came outside. He looked her up and down and smiled. "Different, sexy but very different."
"These are the clothes I decided to wear while traveling out here yesterday morning."
"Sexy but sensible," he said as he stepped off the porch.
"Follow me and I'll show you a good place to put your tent up. There is cover but it has a good view and a fire pit already in place," he said with a smile.
She followed him toward the barbeque pit and then he turned to the right at an angle. There was a stand of low shrubs. He pointed to a place among them. "That is a good place for your tent. If it is green or brown, you'll blend right in."
"It's green," she said as she sat the pack down.
"I'd offer to help but I need to get back and check on the stew," he said as he turned around and headed back toward the house.
Morgan looked around and found the old fire pit and a stack of wood next to it under a piece of a tarp. It was close to the edge of the drop off but not as close as hers had been. She set the tent up and then realized she would be getting the afternoon sun. She moved it back farther and studied the trees in front of her.
Since it was getting on in the afternoon, she could see where the shade would be. She nodded and unpacked her sleeping bag, yoga mat, and her hoodie. She fiddled with the breach cloth and then pulled it out and tossed it on the sleeping bag.
She stood and looked out the door of the tent as she slowly took off the t-shirt and then the shorts. He was still naked and she had felt funny following him with all her clothes on. She shivered and caressed her breasts until her nipples tingled.
Stuffing the clothes in her roll bag, she put the breach cloth on. It felt right. Then she wondered what it would be like to be completely naked around Dave. She shivered hard and shook her head. "I'm not ready for that," she whispered as she turned toward the door.
She walked out to the edge of the creek bank and looked down toward the park. Movement in the creek bed had her backing up quickly. She turned and headed down stream staying behind some low bushes. She stopped and squatted down behind one.
Bending a limb down slowly she could see several people behind what looked like a drop off in the creek bed. Two couples at least, she soon figured out. Was there a waterfall there? If it was, it was short. She could see the two guys from the waist up and one of the women the same way. The other woman was short.
Then she recognized the guy and blond from before. She groaned softly as she wondered if they were all naked playing in the waterfall. She jumped as she heard Dave behind her whisper, "Ah so you found one of my favorite peeking spots."
"A waterfall?" she asked in a whisper as she looked up and around at him.
He nodded and said, "Follow me," as he turned and moved bent over back away from the edge of the creek. She got up and followed him. Farther down the creek, he turned to his left and walked out to a large bush. There were two of them close together but the limbs in between had been trimmed.
"A good vantage point," he whispered as he squatted down behind one bush and motioned her over behind the other. From here she had a good view of the three streams of water fall over the high ledge. She also had a good view of the four naked people playing in the water.
The big guy's body was muscular all over and his dick was like the guys on her laptop. She whimpered softly and then shifted her eyes to the tall blond. Big boobs, a nice high round ass, her sex was either shaved smooth or if she was a natural blond and the hair on it was thin.
The short brunet was a little doll. She had an oriental look to her face. Her breasts were small but the dark circles under her nipples were perfectly round. There was a small patch of dark hair on her mound but the rest was hairless.
The tall guy was on the skinny side but his hard dick stood up against his lower belly. It was slender but long. Longer than she thought possible for so small of a diameter. Then her mind jumped to anal and she groaned deeply. She had never tried it with anything bigger than her finger but....
"What was the groan for? The ladies or the guys or both?" Dave asked in a whisper.
Morgan felt herself blush hotly as she shook her head.
Dave chuckled. "There is a naughty thought or two in that blush," he whispered a moment later. Morgan blushed again.
"Okay, I'll behave," he whispered as he looked back at the two couples.
They spent the next half hour or so watching the two couples. The blond kissing the little oriental girl made Morgan whimper. When she grabbed both dicks and ran her hands up and down, she whimpered even louder. One in the front and one in the back jumped to her mind and she groaned deeply.
When the four started gathering up cloths, Dave whispered, "They are getting ready to leave. Anyway, our stew is getting cold. That is what I came to tell you."
He stood up and turned toward the woods. She followed him. After a thin line of brush, the woods opened up. The trees were more scattered and there were stumps here and there. "Has this area been, uh, select cut?" she asked a few moments later.
"The area around the house was clear cut except for the shade trees and then this area was select cut," he said without looking back. "They had enough cured lumber on hand for me to build the first part of my house. The second batch is curing but will take a few more weeks."
"Do you put on clothes when they deliver stuff?" She asked.
He chuckled. "Usually a pair of shorts if they let me know when they are going to be here."
"You have a phone?"
"An old flip phone. The cell service isn't great but.... I wanted a land line but the costs were too high. Not enough customers out this way."
"How about Internet and TV?"
"I have a computer and would like to have Internet but I haven't gotten around to it. TV is a waste of brain power," he said as they reached the house.
"Don't you get bored out here alone?" She asked as she stopped next to the picnic table.
He stopped and turned to look at her. He chewed on his bottom lip for a moment and said, "I've always been a loner. More comfortable with my own company than most other peoples. I'm an introvert according to the doctors at the hospital."
He paused to shrug. "Bored no, since I live more in my head than anywhere." He paused again and then said, "The stew, supper," and turned toward to the house.
Morgan followed him to the porch. "Do you need some help?"
"Come on in and grab a bowl. I'm turning the fire back on for a few minutes."
Morgan looked around as she stood just inside the door. There was a day bed in the front left hand corner with a small sofa closer against the wall. There was a large overstuffed chair in the right front corner and a fireplace center on that wall.
A small table with four chairs marked where the dinning area was. The kitchen was along this wall with the fridge on the left side wall. The place looked bigger on the inside than it had from the outside.
"Not bad for a start," she said as he handed her a bowl and a spoon.
"I still have stuff in storage in town but most of it is old junk," he replied as he spooned stew into his bowl. He stepped back and said, "Get what you want and we'll eat outside."
Morgan spooned stew into her bowl and followed him outside. She was careful to slide onto the bench from the end. Dave grinned at her. "There goes my show," he said before he put a spoon full of stew in his mouth.
She grinned back at him and replied, "When I'm not distracted I do pay attention to things."
"I'm about the same way," he said as he stood up. He went to the table on the porch and returned with his carving. He laid it in front of her.
She picked it up as he said, "I shaved the breast size down but made the nipples a little bigger. I think I have your general form about right but the butt is a little too big. Your sex is a little vague since I only got a glimpse."
"Pretty good for a first try," she said as she looked the carving over. "The face is more detailed that I thought it would be. The breasts are about right but my nipples are only long and hard when I'm excited. The back looks right but I think you have my butt a little too big also."
"I'll work on that," he said. "But it breaks my heart to trim up an ass like yours."
She laughed and then said, "Are my feet really that long and narrow?"
He sighed and shrugged. "I'll have to look into that. I do know you second toe is longer than your big toe."
"And that means what?" she asked with a confused look.
He chuckled and replied, "It usually means someone with a high sex drive."
"I've never heard that before," Morgan replied as she thought about what he said. She did masturbate once a day, sometime twice. Did that make her over sexed?
"Eat your stew before it gets cold," Dave said with a chuckle as he watched several expressions cross her face.
*****
When they finished eating, Dave picked up the bowls and spoons and went into the house. Morgan moved so she could sit with her back to the table. This is a nice place, she thought. Lots of shade but with patches of sunshine here and there. A cool breeze caressed her bare skin.
She heard Dave come out of the house and cross the space to the table. As he sat down, she looked around. "This is a nice place. Nice and quiet. Peaceful even."
He nodded as he picked up the stick and looked at the carving. "I'm enjoying your company," he said softly.
Morgan looked at him for a moment and then nodded. "I feel the same way."
*****
They sat around the table for most of the afternoon. Ever so often Morgan would get up and walk around. She was well aware of his eyes on her body as she did. Her first walk took her out to the barbeques pit and back by a crooked route. As she sat back down, he was smiling at her.
"What?" she asked with a smile like his.
"Watching you is beauty in motion," he said softly
"I can feel your eyes," she whispered in reply.
"Wait until you take off that breach cloth," he said with a grin.
Morgan groaned and shook her head. "Not enough nerve for that."
"So you've thought about it," Dave said softly.
Morgan nodded, blushed, and groaned. "A recurring thought but it doesn't help with my courage."
Dave smiled at her as she watched him from under her lashes. "There is no rush. When you are ready to try it, you will be ready."
"You are nude around me all of the time. How does it feel to you?" She asked fishing for information.
He shrugged. "I've more or less been a nudist since my early teens."
"Early teens?" Morgan asked in curiosity.
"Like you, I started by wandering the woods with less and less clothes. When I was 18 I joined a nudist group. After that, nude was how I spent most of my time off. Now it just feels natural."
"It was three years ago for me. I had decided to come out to the old park to get some sun in my bikini. I saw the logging road off the main road in and decided to go exploring. I parked a short ways down the road and walked on in to the clear cut wearing my t-shirt and shorts over my bikini."
She paused and grinned. "I walked back to my car wearing just the bikini. I got back in the car and drove down to the cleared circular area and parked. I explored there and the surrounding area in the bikini for a while and then took off my top. I found a sunny area hidden from the road by a large pine top."
When she stopped talking, Dave said, "So you decided to sunbath nude."
Morgan chuckled. "Oh yeah and ended up burnt to a crisp. I had left my tanning oil in the car and didn't want to put the bikini on to go get it and my courage wouldn't let me go get it nude."
"You could have moved out of the sun," Dave pointed out.
"But the sun felt so good on my body," she whispered in reply.
Dave grinned. "The sun or the orgasms from masturbating nude in the woods?"
"Yes," Morgan replied with a hiss in her voice and a blush on her face.
Dave chuckled. "Why don't you go take another walk and cool off?"
Morgan groaned. "Like walking around knowing your eyes are on me is going to let me cool off."
"Then go sit in the creek. That should cool you off," he said with a grin.
Morgan looked to her left and said, "It's a long walk to where I can get to the creek."
"Just past the fire pit at your tent is a couple of ledges and several rocks sticking out of the bank that are easy to climb down and then back up," he told her.
Her eyes jumped around to him as she groaned. "Just my luck, someone would come up the creek bed as I was climbing down."
Dave nodded. "Just make sure you finish climbing down before you start coming. Falling could be hazardous to your health."
Morgan groaned even louder than before. "Is that, uh, from experience?"
"No. not really. Climbing rocks with a hard-on comes with its own set of hazards," he replied with a deadpan expression.
Morgan found herself laughing at that. "Do tell," she said a few moments later.
Dave shook his head. "I'll just let you figure that out on your own."
"Where is the fun in that?" She asked as she stood up.
Dave chuckled and replied, "You tell me."
*****
Morgan was thinking about it as she walked around the side of the house she hadn't been on before. Hard and up against his belly wasn't a problem but if it started to soften and leaned forward.... Yeah, that could be a problem.
On this side of the house was an outdoor shower with two handles. Was one of them hot water, she wondered. There was also a bump out that was probably the bathroom. She paused at the front corner of the house and looked around at the front yard.
Like the backyard the pine had been removed and the oaks left. There were fewer bushes here except along the front fence line and along the driveway. She remembered the same thing over in the select cut area from earlier but she didn't remember seeing a gate opening. She hadn't noticed one on her drive in.
With a deep shiver, she walked across the front of the house. There was a large propane tank out past her car. Her eyes kept darting to the driveway opening at the end of the driveway. She rounded the corner and head for the back of the house. She noted an air conditioning unit in one of the windows.
Back by the table, Dave looked at her and smiled. "Trying out your courage in the front yard I take it."
"Something like that," she replied and then asked, "Does the outdoor shower have hot water?"
"Yes, it does," he replied and then added, "Use it whenever you want or need to. Just let me know and I'll make sure and give you all the privacy you want or need."
She had seen an old pallet sitting on some low blocks under the shower head. "What do you do for a drain?"
Dave chuckled. "The soil is pretty sandy and it soaks in quickly. That is the one place I have to mow the most often."
"Mow?" She asked. She hadn't seen a lawnmower anywhere.
"There is an old shed in the edge of the woods out by the propane tank. I keep the mower in there, along with the tools I have."
"A hot shower before bed would be nice," Morgan said thoughtfully.
Dave grinned. "I'll hang a towel out by the corner of the house."
Morgan grinned back at him and asked, "Before or after I start to shower?"
Dave chuckled. "Before if I remember to do it at all."
"I usually drip dry," she said with a wink.
"We're still talking showers right?"
Morgan laughed. "I'll never tell."
"It'll be dark soon, so I'll go get the towel now. Do you need soap and a wash cloth?"
Morgan shook her head. "I'm not really dirty except for maybe my feet. A little sweaty and dusty more than anything."
Dave grinned at the word dust. "Dusty but never rusty," he said as he stood up."
Morgan shivered. She had stayed well lubed since she had first been seen by him and it had only gotten worse over time, that was for sure.
*****
Taking a shower naked outdoors was almost as scary as skinny dipping in the big pool in the creek. The red and gold colors of the setting sun cut through the deepening shadows of the trees. She whimpered and even groaned as she ran her hands over her wet body.
Her hands and the warm water felt great. She shivered as she turned the water off and leaned over to grab the towel off a hook toward the corner of the house. She didn't know where Dave was. He had said he would give her space. As she dried off, she wondered exactly what that meant.
Was he watching her from the darkening woods? That thought made her sex clench up tightly. She moaned softly as she stood on one foot, lifted the other to dry it. Her knees were spread wide and she was facing the backyard but she didn't turn around to dry the other foot.
Did she want him to watch her or was it a fantasy in her mind. That made her pause as she lowered her foot back to the pallet. She brought the towel up and held it in front of her body. She stepped down to a block by the corner of the house and peek around at the table in the backyard and the table on the porch.
Dave wasn't in sight. Was he in the house or was he out in the dark? If he was in the house was he looking out the screen door or the kitchen window? She looked at the breach cloth on the hook and then out at the growing darkness. Could she walk to her tent without the breach cloth?
That question made her groan and come up on her toes. Her sex was clenched up tight enough to hurt. Her lower stomach muscles were the same way. Without giving herself time to think about it, she grabbed the breach cloth off the hook and headed for the picnic table holding the towel in front of her.
She was breathing in short fast breaths as she dropped the towel on the table and headed toward her tent completely naked. She tried to keep her pace normal but her feet wanted to run. The thought of him looking at her out the window had her whimpering at every other step.
When she was close to her tent, she stopped and turned around. She studied the window and door but couldn't see any signs of Dave. With a deep breath, she turned and headed for her tent.
She tossed the breach cloth in the tent and sat down cross legged on the yoga mat. She considered starting a small fire but decided against it as she yawed deeply. Was she that tired she wondered and then grinned. Being sexually on edge took a lot of energy and it had been a long day.
Leaning back on her hands, she looked up at the stars. A few minutes later, she sighed deeply and took a deep breath. She was finally starting to relax. "Bed," she whispered a moment later and got up to get things ready.
*****
She was sprawled out on her back on the sleeping bag with her legs spread wide. One hand caressed and teased her breasts and nipples. The other hand rested on her mound with one finger lightly rolling her clit around. She would shiver one minute from the cool morning air and the next from the feelings her hand and finger were generating.
The sunlight was bright outside the screen at the tent entrance. She had slept soundly. She had dreamed about walking around without the breach cloth with Dave sitting at the picnic table.
Thinking about the dream caused her to groan as her fingers pinched and rolled a nipple around and her finger applied more pressure to her clit. Her hips moved up and down with a rocking motion. That applied more pressure and less pressure to her clit.
Suddenly her hips rose up higher as she came long and hard. Her finger stopped moving as her clit became to sensitive. Her hips gave several hard jerks and then her ass slowly moved down to rest on the sleeping bag. Her finger rested just above her clit and her fingers on her nipple slowly relaxed its grip. She sighed and moved her hands to her sides. Her breathing was fast and heavy.
As her breathing returned to normal, she sighed and whispered, "The best way to start the day."
She sat up and grinned. "Yesterday could have been a three orgasm day. Maybe even four," she said to the door and then laughed.
That brought her eyes to her feet. Her second toe was longer than her big toe and her feet were narrow. That brought back the thoughts from the day before about being over sexed. "I think I'm guilty as charged," she whispered.
She looked out the door and leaned back on her hands. It looked like another beautiful day outside. Her eyes moved to the breach cloth near the foot of her bed. Not wearing it in the dark was one thing but.... She shivered at the thought of not wearing it in the daylight.
You're not brave enough, a little voice yelled in the back of her brain. Was the voice telling her the truth or taunting her? She picked up the breach cloth and looked at it. A grin crossed her face as an idea crossed her mind.
*****
Dave was sitting at the picnic table when she walked his way. "Good morning," he said with a smile.
She didn't reply. She walked up to the table and turned around with her back to him. He groaned deeply and whispered, "Wow! Be still my heart."
With a laugh, she turned back around. The part of the breach cloth in the back was gone. "Have you had breakfast yet?" she asked as she sat down across from him.
"I, uh, had oatmeal earlier but there is still some on the stove," he replied with a dazed look. "I can heat it up for you."
She stood up and stepped across the bench pausing with her legs spread wide. "I can do it," she said as she moved her other foot over the bench. Dave groaned again and turned to follow her ass with his eyes as she headed for the porch.
As she went inside, he took a deep breath and looked all around. "Such beautiful scenery has gotten even better," he said to himself.
When she returned, she again stepped across the bench. She sat down with a smile on her face as his eyes jumped to the front of the breach cloth. She started eating in silence.
"Where did this sudden rush of courage come from?" He asked a few moments later.
Morgan swallowed the bite she had in her mouth and took a deep breath. "Walking back to my tent naked after the shower last night."
Dave's eyes grew wide. "I missed that," he whispered a moment later.
"In my mind you didn't," she replied in a similar whisper.
"If I had, I would have had delightful dreams," he said softly.
Morgan grinned. "I had those believe me and remembered enough about them to get myself off hard."
Dave groaned. "Now I have that movie floating around in my mind. You are cruel," he said and then grinned. "Not really but.... I know what I'll be dreaming about tonight."
Morgan ate more of her oatmeal and then said, "You're right about the long toe thing."
"Oh?" He said with raised eyebrows.
"Yesterday could have been a four orgasm day," she admitted with a blush as she spooned up the last of the oatmeal.
Dave grinned and said, "More like six from my count."
Morgan groaned. "I, uh, was being, uh, conservative."
Dave took a deep breath and said, "Don't take this the wrong way but don't put them off on my account. I'm a voyeur, remember."
Morgan gasped and shivered. "That, that.... Now you're back to pushing my courage again. No one had ever watched me masturbate."
"Not even a boyfriend?" He asked and she shook her head.
He reached across the table and pulled her bowl over. Dave chuckled and said, "Go check out the waterfall for people trying to cool off or get heated up while I do the dishes."
Morgan gave him a questioning look. "Which would I be?"
"You're fingers will tell you that," Dave said with a wink.
*****
Morgan stopped by her tent to check on it and then looked for the ledges down to the creek bed Dave had talked about. She found them but felt exposed out on the very edge of the drop off. There was no one in sight but just the thought of someone else seeing her made her sex clench up.
She moved back into the woods to the select cut area and then turned left to follow the bushes along the creek side. When she thought she was even with the waterfalls she turned left in a narrow trail in the bushes. She came out the other side and found she was twenty yards below the falls.
It didn't matter since there was no one there. The scattered bushes here were a little less than head high. She turned right and followed the creek toward the old campgrounds. She rounded a bend and stopped to look along the creek bed by moving closer to the edge.
She heard a soft slapping sound but made nothing of it until a woman moaned deeply from right below her. Morgan jumped back away from the edge and squatted down. Walking around without the back flap on the breach cloth had brought the scary, exciting feelings back.
Now she was right above people that sounded like they were fucking. Should she crawl forward and look down or move farther away and look down? The thought that she wanted to look made her groan softly. She was an exhibitionist and a voyeur she realized. She liked to be looked at and she like to look at other people.
She moved about six feet to her right and found a spot covered in pine straw. She went to her knees and crawled forward. Close to the edge, she went to her belly and moved forward a bit more. The oriental looking girl was draped over a rounded rock and the tall lanky guy was fucking her from behind.
The young woman's feet were not on anything but she was trying to lift her ass to meet his every thrust. The soft slapping was the sound of his hips hitting her ass cheeks. Morgan tried to stifle a groan but it was louder than it should have been.
The guy stopped thrusting and looked around. He didn't look up, luckily. The oriental woman made a loud whimpering sound and he went back to fucking her. Morgan couldn't tell if he was in her sex or in her ass but it didn't matter as her hand found its way under the breach cloth and rolled her clit around.
Morgan lifted her hips and moved her finger down to jam it into her sex. It went in easily and deep. She was so wet. She chewed her bottom lip to stop another groan. Her finger came out of her sex and rubbed her slippery juices over her clit. Her eyes were hooded as she watched them fuck and masturbated at the same time.
The young woman let out a yell, pushed up with her hands, and threw back her head. The guys hips spanked her ass several more time even harder than before. His hips stopped hard up against her ass and then he flexed them forward hard.
Was he coming, Morgan wondered. She was right on the ragged edge herself. As he took a step back, Morgan saw his long thin dick coming out of the young woman's ass. That pushed Morgan over the edge. She slapped her free hand over her mouth and came her brains out.
*****
Morgan lifted her head and whimpered softly. That orgasm had slipped up on her carrying a club. She looked over the edge and then looked up and down the creek bed. The couple was gone. She was wondering how long she had been there as she rolled over on her back.
The next thing she knew, her finger was in her mouth. She moaned around it as she tasted her flavor all over it. She lowered the finger and realized the front panel of the breach cloth was off her sex. She groaned and fingered her sex for a minute or so. It was even more slippery than before.
Her finger went back to her mouth as she used her other hand to cover herself up. She made a soft moaning sound around the finger as she sat up. She used her free hand to brush the pine straw off her chest and belly. She popped the finger out of her mouth and sighed deeply.
"That's two for the day and it's early yet," she whispered as she got to her feet.
She used both hands to dust off her butt, her thighs, and her knees. She wiggled her hips from side to side, only to have her hips give a twitch as her inner and outer lips rubbed on her sensate clit.
Suddenly she realized her bare butt was facing the creek bed. She took a couple of quick steps forward and spun around. She took several small steps forward and looked up and down the creek. There was no one in sight. She sighed deeply and turned to cross the brush line to the select cut area.
She walked across the area to the front fence and looked through the bushes at the road. With a shiver, she turned and followed the fence back toward the house. She never did see a gate but there was a wide opening in the bushes at one point. There were assorted tire tracks in the soft sand.
Hurrying, she crossed the opening and continued on slowly. She was almost to the bushes between this area and the house when she suddenly turned and headed for her tent. She had been in the sun laying by the creek and there was more scattered sunlight where she was walking. She didn't want to burn so she needed her tanning oil.
She stood by the fire pit as she applied the tanning oil to her body. Her slippery hands on her breasts made her whimper as her eyes ran up and down the creek bed. As she did her arms and belly, she moved closer to the edge of the drop off so she could see up and down the creek farther.
Next she did her hips and thighs. She bent at the waist to do her shins and calves. She stayed that way as she did the backs of her thighs and her ass. Having her ass stuck out and bare made her groan. Straightening up, she got oil on most of her back.
The last to get done was the area under the breach cloth. Her slippery hands there made her hips twitch and jerk. She was breathing fast as she capped the tanning oil and tossed it in the tent. Now what, she wondered as she rubbed the oil into her chest and breasts more.
She backed away from the edge of the creek slowly and sighed as she lowered her hands and rubbed her belly. With another sigh, she dropped her hands to her sides and turned around. An idea crossed her mind and she had a big smile on her face as she went into the tent and retrieved the yoga mat.
With the mat in hand, she headed for the barbeque pit. She reached it and turned toward the cabin. Dave was sitting on the porch with his feet propped up on the railing. He gave her a wave and she waved back. About halfway between the barbeque pit and the house was a large patch of sunlight.
When she reached that area, she laid the yoga mat out on the ground. One end was pointed at the house. She went to that end, turned around and went to her knees on the mat. Going to her hands and knees made Morgan groan deeply. She laid down on her belly with her feet close together. She had her upper body propped up with her elbows.
In her mind, she could feel his eyes on the naked back side of her body from her head to her toes. It made a shiver run up and down her spine. Was she teasing him or herself. Both was the answer her mind shot back at her. She moved her arms forward and crossed them so she could lay her head down with her cheek on her arms.
She shivered again but this time it was the warmth of the sun and how tightly her sex was clenched. All sorts of ideas ran across her mind. Spreading her feet wide apart made her whimper. Slipping a hand down and under the breach cloth made her groan.
Wondering what Dave was thinking made her whimper. Wondering what he was doing behind her and out of her sight made her groan. She wiggled her body as she spread her feet wider until they reached the edge of the mat. How much of her sex was showing in the bright sunlight? That made her groan deeply.
Was she brave enough to slip a hand under the breach cloth? How much more would he be able to see if she lifted her hips a few inches? How much would her hand hold her hips up? Would he be able to see her finger rolling her clit around? That last made her hips twitch and jerk.
She lay still as her mind fought over her courage. Suddenly she realized her ankles were crossed and her feet were above her ass. When had she raised her feet? She had no idea as her feet rocked up toward her shoulders and then back above her ass.
Her mind was trying to figure out what that was doing as far as her sex showing. Was she showing more or less? What affect was it having on Dave? The affect on her was that her sex clenched up tightly as her feet came forward and then it would relax some as they went back.
The fight over her courage was now taking a back seat to her clenching pussy. Her feet kept moving only now they were dropping closer to her shoulders. That rocked her hips more. That brought a loud groan to her lips. She raised her head and moved her right arm down by her side.
One part of her mind yelled, do it. Another part yelled, don't you dare. She groaned and took several deep breaths. That just rubbed her nipples against the yoga mat. The fingers on her right hand curled up and relaxed. The word dare made a circle in her brain. Don't you dare. Would she dare? The war was back on. She took another couple of deep breaths and shivered as her nipples rubbed against the mat.
They were harder than before and tingled in an itchy sort of way. How, how hard would she come if she masturbated here in front of Dave? She didn't have an answer to that but.... Her heart was beating fast and her breathing was a little on the ragged side, which moved her nipples against the mat.
With a deep groan, her hand moved to her hip. Her hips flexed up and down as her hand slipped underneath. She rolled a little to the side so her arm was now under her body. Her fingertips were on her mound. She partially closed her fingers and then straightened them out quickly.
As she stretched her fingers out, her middle fingertip brushed over her clit. She gasped loudly and jerked her hand out from under her hips. With a deep groan, she lowered her feet to the edge of the mat and slowly closed them. She was on the ragged edge of a monster orgasm.
She was breathing hard. That wasn't helping anything as her nipples tingled more and more. She moved her right hand up and pushed up with both arms until she was on her hands and knees again. She came up onto her knees and then stood up. She turned around to see Dave still on the porch with his feet up.
He had a big smile on his face as she took her time and sat down on the mat. Her knees were raised but her feet were tightly together. She straightened out her legs and leaned back on her arms. "Close, so very close," Dave said to her.
"If you only knew," she whispered to herself as she lay back flat on her back.
She lay there for a while breathing deeply, trying to relax. Slowly her body was doing it. When her breathing was back close to normal, she grinned up at the clouds as she slowly moved her heels over to the edge of the mat. That clenched her sex back up tightly.
Looking at the tree tops, she sighed. There was very little wind. A gust of wind blowing the breach cloth off her sex would have her coming in seconds. What if she raised one knee or both for that matter. Her eyes dropped to the soft leather covering her sex. She groaned deeply as she tightened one thigh and then the other.
She was trying to relax but her mind kept asking how much of her sex was showing. Not letting herself think about it, she lifted her right knee until her right foot was close to her ass. With a deep groan, she lowered it back to the mat. She looked down at the leather. It was laying flat as before.
How much more had been shown with the knee raised. Her sex was clenching up and relaxing in quick succession. She lifted her left knee as she had the right but held it up longer. She lowered that knee and opened one eye to look at the leather over her sex. It was in place but looked like it had been pushed up higher.
Her sex was clenched up so hard that it hurt. She was breathing hard and fast. She was trying to relax but wasn't having much luck. With a deep groan, she raised both knees until her heels were close to her ass. She groaned as her hips bounced up and down. She was coming like mad.
*****
How long she was out of it, she didn't know. The orgasm had rolled on and on. Now she was floating in a soft cloud of endorphins. She sighed and opened one eye. She was looking straight up at the clouds. She opened the other eye and sighed deeply.
When she looked down along her body, she gasped loudly. Her knees were both rolled wide out to the side. Her sex was completely uncovered. She tried to close her knees but they didn't want to work. She reached down with both hands to cover up her sex but stopped with her hands by her hips.
Her eyes went to Dave. He was still on the porch but now he had his feet on the floor and he was leaning forward with his hands on the rail. His eyes were wide and he had a surprised look on his face. For some reason, that made Morgan grin. It also allowed her to straighten her legs out.
The breach cloth was still off her sex. Her right hand found the bow tied at her hip and pulled on it. Her other hand moved the leather over to the side. Now she was completely bare under Dave's eyes. A big shiver ran up and down her body.
She looked up at the sky as she groaned softly. He had now seen all of her, not to mention seeing her having an orgasm. With a deep sigh, she sat up and leaned back on her hands. Her feet were still wide apart.
"Beautiful, just beautiful," Dave said as he sat back in the chair.
"Me or the orgasm I just had?" Morgan asked in reply.
"Both," he told her.
"So I guess the breach cloth is history now," she said as she sat up all the way.
"That is up to you but I know which way I would vote," Dave replied with a grin.
"My body got the best of my brain," Morgan said with a shiver.
"And a beautiful job it did."
"Tell me about it," Morgan replied as she pulled her feet up close to her ass. It took her two tries to get to her feet.
Her legs were a little wobbly as she walked toward the picnic table. As she reached the table, she said, "That is three for the day so far."
"Who was at the creek?" He asked.
"The oriental girl and the tall lanky guy," she replied as she sat down on the bench. Stepping across it naked made her sex draw up tightly.
"And what were they doing?"
Morgan groaned. "He was fucking her in the ass," she said softly.
"And that got you off long and hard," he said and then asked, "Is that a fantasy of yours?"
"Not until I saw his long slender dick the other day," she replied with a blush.
"The brain can be such a kinky place," he said with a chuckle.
"Tell me about it," she whispered softly.
"I was thinking hot dogs on the barbeque for lunch," he said with a grin.
"Uh huh," she replied returning his grin. "With me staying naked."
"I wouldn't have it any other way," he replied with a big wink."
She said softly, "I have to go home this afternoon."
"There is always next weekend," he said as he stood up. His dick was hard and standing up against his belly.
Morgan groaned and shivered. "Yeah, next weekend," she said as he turned and went into the house.
She stood up and went to give him a hand with the stuff for the cookout.
*****
Walking around naked had her back at scary and exciting. Being close to the creek channel naked also had her excited. What would she do if someone walked past and looked up? Dave got the wood ready and lit the pit. As he watched the fire catch, he looked around and said, "I need a second chair down here also."
"Building two chairs while you're waiting for your lumber to be delivered should keep you out of trouble," she said with a grin.
"Yeah, but what am I going to do about all the dreams I'm going to have about a certain sexy naked lady?"
"How often do you masturbate?" she asked still grinning.
"Not often enough until now. I had run out of good material but...."
Morgan chuckled and turned around to shake her ass at him. "Here's you a butt to think about."
"Damned right," he replied with a leering look.
Morgan laughed and turned around. She looked down at his hard dick and shivered. "Just remember, nothing bigger than my finger has ever been back there."
Dave groaned and shook his head. "There goes that fantasy," he whispered and gave her a sideways look. "Have you ever thought about a butt plug?"
"Uh, no, I haven't," she said with wide eyes. "Until now that is."
"Try walking with one in bare footed and then try it in high heels," he said as he worked the fire with the long fork.
"Uh, there is a difference?" Morgan asked.
Dave chuckled and replied, "That's for you to find out."
"And you know this how?" Morgan asked quickly.
"From my ex wife before I lost my leg," he replied with a sigh.
"She left you?"
"No, she divorced me and took what little I had left. That was a year before the settlement, I'm glad to say."
"That sounds like her loss in both cases," Morgan said softly.
"She wouldn't be caught dead out here in the woods. She was a city girl."
"So am I but I'm starting to like the woods more and more," Morgan replied.
"No, you like being an exhibitionist and a voyeur more and more," Dave replied with a grin.
"That too," Morgan said with a grin of her own.
Morgan stood close to the edge of the creek bed looking both ways as Dave cooked. Being naked and out in the open where she might be seen had her hips shifting from side to side ever so often.
Dave had a grin on his face as he watched the young woman. He could almost read her mind from the way her body moved.
*****
Morgan sat in the chair and ate two hot dogs as Dave stood close by and ate three. As they were gathering things up to head back to the house, Morgan asked, "Why didn't we go eat at the picnic table?"
"Hot dogs are better straight off the grill," Dave replied as he closed the lid on the pit. "Anyway, it's more fun watching you out here in the open."
"Yeah, it does keep me on edge, shall we say."
"I take it, that is a good thing?" Dave asked as they started back toward the house.
"Pretty much," Morgan replied with a shiver.
"It is fun to watch," Dave told her.
Morgan chuckled and whispered, "It is fun to be watched also."
"Glad to oblige," Dave said with a grin as they reached the porch.
In the house, he put the mustard, ketchup, and relish away in the icebox before he washed up the pan, fork, and a knife. Morgan went to the bathroom to wash her hands and to pee.
When she came out of the bathroom, Dave handed her a bottle of cold water. As she took a swallow, Dave asked, "How do you like where your camp is?"
She shrugged and replied, "It's a good place, I guess."
"That is where I camped when I first came down to look the land over. It is also where I stayed while I built the house."
"Ah, the old homestead," Morgan said with a grin.
Dave chuckled. "I was thinking, now that you are coming to grips with your exhibitionist and voyeur sides maybe we should move your camp farther down so you have a view of more people coming and going along the creek."
Morgan shivered. "And a longer walk for me naked."
"More privacy, if you want or need that," Dave said with a grin.
Morgan gave him a hard look and shivered. "You've seen about all there is to see," she whispered.
"Uh, maybe I haven't mentioned it but I do have a helper here when I'm building on the house."
Morgan's eyes went wide. "A, uh, helper?" she asked with a catch in her voice.
"A friend of mine's daughter. She's a carpenter by trade," he replied.
Morgan shivered hard and whispered, "I just had a vision of a female carpenter in a bikini."
Dave grinned and said, "How about without the bikini."
Morgan groaned deeply. "I, uh, I, uh, yeah," she replied stammering.
Dave laughed and asked, "How are you at framing?"
"Uh, what's framing?" Morgan asked in reply.
With a shake of his head, Dave said, "We can teach you."
"Hammers, nails, saws," Morgan whispered.
"Tape measures, screws, screw guns," Dave added.
"Where does she stay when she's here?" Morgan asked.
"Sometimes she stays where you are. Some of the time, she stays here in the cabin. It all depends on her mood," Dave replied.
Morgan groaned softly and took another swig of the water. When Dave gave her a raised eyebrow look, she groaned again. "My mind is a dangerous place remember," she whispered a moment later.
"It's not just your mind that is dangerous," Dave replied with a wink.
"So I need to either pack up my tent or move it," Morgan said.
"No, that's not what I meant. I was thinking about you being farther from the house so you'd have privacy if you wanted it. Being out of sight until you didn't want to be," Dave said quickly.
Morgan grinned. "Or being out of sight so you had more privacy."
"Who me?" Dave said with a grin. "I'm the number one exhibitionist around here remember."
Morgan shivered. "I think I've been giving you a run for your money."
Dave laughed. "Not bad for an amateur."
Morgan downed the rest of her water and tossed the bottle in the trash. "Yeah, an amateur, that's me and a first time amateur at that."
"For a first timer, you are doing wonderful," Dave said.
"Okay, lets go find me another place to camp," Morgan said as she headed for the back door.
*****
Morgan was clearing out a place for her tent among a stand of young cedars as Dave tossed up rocks from the creek bed for a fire pit. The stand of cedars was just inside the untouched section above the select cut area. She would have the privacy of the woods behind her and to her right and some bushes between her camp and the open area of the select cut.
The walk by herself down to the old campsite naked was thrilling as well as scary. The openness of the select cut area seemed even more open by herself than it had as she and Dave had walked it before. She was going to load up her camp while Dave did some cleanup at the new camp.
She was surprised at the work Dave had gotten done while she was gone. He had raked back the pine straw and leaves from around the fire pit area. He had used the old sling blade to clear out the low brush and bushes. He had even used a long pole trimmer to clear some overhead limbs.
"You've been busy," she said as she sat her back pack down by the cedars.
"It's a good start," he replied as he opened a shoulder bag and got out two bottles of water.
Morgan looked around for a place to sit and realized her yoga mat was still over at the cabin. That would be a trip for later, she thought as she sipped the cool water. "We still need to trim up the bushes along the edge of the creek bank and to cut a trail toward the next bend in the creek," Dave said.
"What's there?" Morgan asked.
"A big shallow pool that people like to play in," Dave said with a wink. "A place where a lot of people lose their clothes."
Thinking about the pools above her first camp, Morgan muttered, "I can relate to that."
They talked about how to trim up the bushes and then Morgan went to set up her tent. She had it set up and was sitting inside the door looking out. With a shiver, she said, "A little more off the bottom of the right bush and more from between the two of them."
Dave looked around at her and grinned. "Getting more brave in your budding nudists life."
Morgan shivered at the thought of being seen and said, "Needing a better view, is more like it."
She stayed where she was while he did a little more trimming. When he finished, she moved out to squat down by the fire pit. "That first little bush to the right needs to go completely."
Dave picked up his bucksaw and walked over to the bush and looked at her. "Are you sure? Once I cut it, there is no putting it back."
Morgan nodded and then shivered hard as he started cutting the bush at the base. When he finished and pulled it out of the way, she groaned deeply at how far she could see down the creek. That also meant that whoever was in the creek could see where she was.
"Too much?" Dave asked.
"Yes and no," Morgan replied. "No in that I can see who is coming this way and yes as they can see me earlier. I'll have to keep my eyes open when I'm moving around."
"Something else to keep you on edge," he replied with a wink.
Morgan groaned softly and nodded. "It's always something."
"Okay, lets get the rain fly over your tent and tied off and then we can move the brush and limbs out in the open area so I can burn it later," he said as he stood up.
With his help the rain cover went on easily but instead of draping it over the tent, he made a tarp like cover tied off in the cedars. The cedar limbs were prickly and scratched Morgan's bare skin. By the time they finished, she was itchy.
By the time they had the brush and limbs piled up in an open spot in the select cut area, the sun was getting low in the sky across the creek. Morgan went to pack her stuff back up. She left her short t-shirt and shorts out. She moved the pack outside and zipped up the screen part of the door and then the cloth outer door.
Dave was working with a machete cutting a trail in the woods. "I can do that later," she called to him. "I need to get my yoga mat and a shower before I head home."
He walked back to where she was and looked around. "I can see a third chair in my future."
"For here or for watching me shower?" Morgan asked with a shiver.
Dave groaned and said, "Make that four chairs."
Morgan said, "You're dirtier and sweatier than me so maybe I should watch you shower."
"Or we could shower together," Dave said as he wiggled his eyebrows.
Morgan groaned as she picked up her pack. "Me and my big mouth," she whispered as she headed for the cabin.
*****
At the picnic table, Morgan got her tennis shoes out of the back pack. Dave had gone in the house. She took a deep breath and headed for the outdoor shower. She was up on the platform and adjusting the water when Dave came around the corner with two towels in his hand and a bar of soap.
He hung up the towels, handed her the bar of soap, and moved so he could lean on the corner of the house. Morgan groaned as she lathered up the soap and started to wash her right arm. She had her back to the warm water so she didn't have to look directly at the naked man watching her so openly.
As she washed the other arm, she kept thinking about him washing her body. She had showered with a boyfriend once but.... It hadn't been out in the open like this. The boyfriend had been her age and about her same size. Dave was older and a lot bigger in several ways.
She glanced in his direction and then turned to rinse the soap off her arms. He had a smile on his face as his eyes wandered over her body. Without letting herself think about it, she suddenly held the bar of soap out in his direction.
Dave straightened up and asked, "Are you sure about this?"
Morgan groaned and nodded. He stepped up on the concrete pad and then up on the platform. He took the soap and reached up to turn the waster off at the valve on the shower head. His soapy hands started at her shoulders and worked their way down her back and along her sides.
His hands were big feeling on her skin and rough. That sent a thrill throughout her body. Her hands came up to her breasts and squeezed them. Between her hands and Dave's hands on her hips, she groaned deeply. His hands on her ass cheeks made her hips jerk and twitch.
They jerked even harder as a pair of soapy fingers ran up and down the crack of her ass. She gasped loudly as the fingers reached the pucker of her anus. Her fingers were pinching her nipples, which shot jolts down to her sex.
When his hands moved down to her thighs, she came up on her toes. Her feet were shoulder width apart and his hands were coming very close to her sex between her legs. Then his hands were moving lower and then on past her knees. She was breathing raggedly as his hands ran up each side of her body to her underarms.
Her hands jumped away from her nipples, which left them burning. His hands coming around to cover her breasts made her groan loudly and her legs to shake. His rough hands made her push out her chest and arch her back. His big hands gave her whole breasts a squeeze before they moved down to her lower ribs.
One hand moved to her belly and pulled her back against his body. His hot hard dick at the base of her spine, made her hips try and move forward but he held her firmly. She was leaning back against him as his other hand moved to her mound and ran over it. Her hips jerked.
The hand running down one side of her outer lips to the crease at the top of her thigh, made her hips move to one side. The hand coming back up the other side of her sex made her hips move the other way. A moment later, she let out a yell as his thick finger ran down the center of her slit, rubbing her clit all the way.
She was coming like mad, her hips jerking and bucking against his fingers. One finger in her slit and one on each side of her outer lips squeezing them together around the middle finger. She couldn't get her breath and she couldn't close her mouth or get her hips to stop moving.
*****
Dave was holding her up as the warm water sprayed over her chest and ran down her body. It had been so long since she had had an orgasm with someone beside herself. The strength and length of the orgasm had her mind blown. Her legs were like rubber. She laid her head back against Dave's chest and groaned deeply.
Her body wobbled from side to side occasionally and the jets of the shower spray would rake across one nipple or the other. The tingling itch made her whimper softly. Dave let go of her belly with one hand and turned to water off again.
"Are you sure, you've had three orgasms today?" He asked softly.
She nodded and then whispered in a hoarse voice, "All of them by myself."
"Ah, so that was the difference," he observed. She nodded again.
"So, I guess I hold you until your legs are ready to work."
She nodded and whispered, "Please do."
Slowly strength returned to her legs. She groaned as his hands moved to her hips and turned her around. His chest was right in her face and she could feel the closeness of his body even though they weren't touching. He reached over her shoulder and turned the water on. Her left nipple brushed against his chest.
With a deep groan, she leaned forward against him as he rinsed the soap from her back and butt. He used both hands on her arms to stand her up straight. She shivered as he used his hands to direct the spray so it hit his chest and rinsed the soap off him.
He spun her around and rinsed the soap off the front again. The water went off and she gasped as she was suddenly swept up into his arms. He stepped down from the platform and then over close to the side of the house. "Grab a towel," he said as he turned her toward them.
With the towel in hand, she found herself being carried over to the picnic table. He sat her down on the table top with her feet on the bench. Morgan whimpered as he turned and headed back toward the shower. Part of her mind was confused. She had expected to end up on the daybed in the house.
She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Another part of her mind was relieved that that didn't happen. Relieved or disappointed. Her mind asked a moment later. She wasn't ready to answer that so she started to dry off with the towel.
*****
She was more or less dry and sitting on the table in a dry spot with her half t-shirt in her hand when Dave came back over to the table. He had a towel around his neck and was holding the ends with each hand. He studied her for a moment and then asked, "Did I go too far?"
Morgan groaned and shook her head. "Part of me thinks you didn't go far enough and another part is glad you didn't go any farther," she whispered.
He took a deep breath and said, "I was having a pretty good argument with my own self control there for a while."
She shivered and glanced at him from under her lashes. "Which part won?"
He grinned and replied, "The part that didn't want to mess up a growing friendship."
She nodded and slipped the half t-shirt on. She picked up the short shorts and stood up. She took her time slipping those on as she watched his eyes follow the waistband as it came up her body. When they were in place, she said, "Friendship is a good place this early in our relationship."
"Kind of what I decided," he said as he handed her, her tennis shoes.
She sat down and put the shoes on. As she finished, she asked, "How early would be good for you next Friday?"
"I'm usually up at daylight," he replied.
"Should I stay here at the cabin or head for my camp?" She asked next.
Dave grinned and said, "If there is a blue pickup in the driveway, it would probably be better for you to head for your camp."
"Ah, your helper."
"I haven't seen her in over three weeks so...." He let the sentence die out.
Morgan stepped down from the table and gave him a hug. She stepped back and he handed her, her back pack. "You've lit up my whole weekend," he said softly.
With a laugh, Morgan whispered, "You've made mine orgasmic."
"Glad to be of service," he said with a wink.
She returned the wink and said, "Later," as she headed for her car.
*****
Morgan's hand kept running up under her t-shirt to tease her nipples as she drove home. She had a big smile on her face. As she reached the edge of town, she put both hands on the wheel and pushed her shoulders back. She took several deep breaths and felt her hard nipples rubbing on the soft material of the shirt.
She shivered and whispered, "There is going to be another big orgasm before I go to sleep tonight. So many dreams and fantasies."
And there was that night an every night for the rest of the week.