I wanted to write this story, not only to entertain but to reinforce the ideal that during our lifetime we make choices and there are always consequences for those choices we make. Sometimes the consequences are great and work out well while other times the consequences are not so good and we have to be willing to accept the penalty for our bad choices.
As the story unfolds there will be detailed descriptions of some events while at other times there will only be passing information so you will have an idea what the characters have been through before we get to the climax.
This story is very long and has many true facts about one family's life and lifestyle. The names of the characters have been changed to protect the persons involved.
You may want to read the previous chapters first so you will have an idea what our characters have been up to.
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
*
As time moved on, Donna was more thankful than ever to be living in a house where we didn't have to worry about anyone seeing us nude in our yard. Her belly grew huge and she waddled from one room to the other. She spent a lot of time outside near the pool soaking in the water when she was uncomfortable from the heat. During her time outside, she had developed a very dark tan. She looked more gorgeous than ever. I loved her more with each passing day and soon she would present me a daughter, who I'm sure will be as beautiful as her mother.
As the time grew near for our baby to be born we were suddenly invaded with requests by both our mothers to come and stay with Donna so she would have someone nearby just in case she needed to go to the hospital while I was at work.
Donna and I talked about the offers extensively before we decided to tell our mothers the truth about our nude lifestyle in and around our home. Our plan was to shock them by telling them we had a rule in our home that clothes we not allowed ten minutes after arriving or ten minutes prior to leaving.
The first mother to call after Donna and I had our discussion was my mother. We put her on speaker phone and after all the pleasantries were finished, my mother asked when she could come out to be with us and help Donna during the final time of her pregnancy. Both of us were nervous but we had made a decision to go through with our plan.
I coughed and immediately my mom asked if I was coming down with a cold. I assured her I wasn't and that I had something to tell her. Once again my mom immediately thought something was wrong and asked, "What's wrong, are both of you ok?" I thought to myself, mothers, they're such worry warts!
I assured her once again everything was fine and I finally blurted out, "Mom, since Donna and I moved out here in the country and not having any neighbors near us, we don't wear any clothes when we are at home. We have a rule that anyone entering our house has to be completely naked within ten minutes after arriving and can't get dressed again until they are ready to leave."
There was silence on the other end of the phone line. Finally I asked, "Mom, are you still there?"
The silence was deafening! Donna and I were looking at each other when all of a sudden we heard my mom's voice say, "That sounds fair enough. I'm sure both of you remember when we, as your parents, had rules in our homes which each of you had to abide by. Now that you are in your own home, if I want to come and visit, I will abide by your house rules. I hope you won't be embarrassed or mind seeing an old lady in the nude."
I immediately yelled, "Mom, do you know what you just said?"
Mom's reply was soft and simple when she said, "Yes son, it means that I will be able to see how much you've grown since the last time I changed your clothes and for the first time you will see your mother without her clothes, so if it doesn't bother you to see me nude, I know it won't bother me to see you nude again."
Donna was at my side giggling and poking me in the ribs and whispering, "What are you going to do now big boy?"
Being that I was the one who blurted out the offer, I calmly asked my mother when she could arrive. Then all in the same breath I asked, "Mom can you do us a favor and talk to Donna's mom and let her know you are coming out here to be with us, that way she won't worry about Donna?"
You could hear the joy in my mom's voice knowing she was going to be coming out to stay with us even though she has made a major concession to be nude in our home. Mom agreed to call Donna's mom and tell her what we had planned so Donna's mom wouldn't worry about her.
My mom said that it would take her a day or two to get everything in order so she could come and stay straight through until the baby was born. We agreed that everything would be ready for her to arrive on Wednesday afternoon. After saying our goodbyes I hung up the phone and turned to Donna who grabbed me and pulled me into a bear hug and kissed me as passionately as if it was the first kiss we'd ever shared.
We looked at each other, staring deeply into each other's eyes before we burst out laughing hysterically because our fool proof plan, failed. Now both of us would be nakedly exposed to my mom and there wasn't anything we could do about it. We laid our collective cards on the table and my mom called our bluff. Donna and I had a long discussion before it suddenly dawned on us that we have a habit of fucking anywhere at any time. Even during this late in Donna's pregnancy, we had continued to have consensual modified sex. Of course in place of intercourse, both of us have been participating in more oral sex during the last couple of weeks.
We had a couple of days to figure out what to tell my mom and how we were going to act when she arrived. I was the one who asked, "Wouldn't it be wild to have sex and have someone who knew us, watch?"
Immediately Donna slapped my arm and said, "We can't have sex in front of your mom!"
I took it a step further and asked, "What would happen if we were having sex someplace and she caught us? Would you want to stop, or finish what we started?"
Donna called me a pervert and then headed off to our bedroom saying she had something wet between her legs which needed some care. I jumped up and checked the house, locking the doors before heading to our bedroom.
I found Donna lying on her back with her legs spread wide with her hand reaching around and past her bulging belly slowly rubbing her clit. I crawled between her legs using my tongue I started licking her pussy. My tongue and her finger fought for the privilege of attacking her clit. My tongue won out and soon Donna was a quivering mass of flesh enjoying an orgasmic episode. The rest of the night we made passionate love and fell asleep with me spooning behind Donna.
Over the next couple of days, after I got home from work, Donna and I tossed all kinds of scenarios at each other which might pop up during my mom's visit. We wanted to work out in advance a joint response to anything that could possibly come up. Did I mention that I love Donna not only because she is really a beautiful woman but she is also a very smart woman!
On Wednesday morning when I left for work, I knew there was a distinct possibility I would come home and find not only my nude wife but my very naked mother. As luck would have it, I had a very important meeting at the end of the day. It seemed like the meeting would drag on forever but suddenly the CEO said, "Let's get to work and see what we can do by Friday."
When I got back to my office I played my messages and heard my wife giggling into the phone saying, "I have a surprise for you when you get home." That's all she said and since I was ready to leave, I didn't bother to call her back. Our home is now about a half an hour drive from my office so I was determined to speed up a little and get home sooner. Driving a little bit faster than I normally would, I was hoping to could get home before my mom arrived.
I pulled into my driveway and sitting in front of my garage door was my mom's car. Suddenly I was hit with a guilty streak for telling my mom she had to be nude to come and visit me. I was nervous as hell and suddenly my hands started sweating. I drove slowly up my driveway and when I reached the front of the house, I parked and took a few deep breaths before picking up my briefcase and exiting my car.
I walked to the front door like a condemned man wondering what was on the other side waiting for me. My mind was traveling at a million miles an hour. A couple of days ago, our plan seemed like an excellent idea, now I am a nervous wreck.
I opened the door slowly and stepped inside and Donna came rushing through the patio doors and gave me a hug and kissed me before telling me to hurry up and go take off my clothes. I looked at her and asked, "What is my surprise?"
Donna said, "Don't worry about that right now, go ahead and go get out of your clothes and come out on the patio, I'll be waiting for you with a drink."
I put my briefcase down and walked into my bedroom. Nervously I undressed. I was about to walk out on the patio and see my mother nude for the first time and she was going to see me nude for the first time in many years.
Once I was nude, I pulled my cock a couple of times to make it look decent (guys you know what I'm talking about) and then I walked through my house and headed for the patio doors. Our patio table was on the far left side of the deck so I had to walk all the way out on the patio before I was able to see Donna and my mom as the table.
I gave my cock one or two more pulls in the kitchen just before I walked through the patio doors and when I turned to my left, my heart leaped into my throat and as I stared at three nude women sitting on my patio and none of them moved to cover any of their body parts. I stopped dead in my tracks as I heard a gasp from one or more of the women at the table. There at my table sat my lovely nude wife Donna, my very naked mother and to my complete surprise, my very naked mother-in-law.
I stood still and just stared at the three lovely women and the spell was broken when Donna asked me, "What's the matter honey? You knew your mom would be here when you got home."
All of a sudden I needed that drink Donna had promised me. I walked towards the table very aware that my cock had gone from flopping in front of me to pointing the way to the table. All three women noticed my erect cock and blatantly stared at it as I walked forward.
Finally my mom broke the ice and said, "Well Matt, I'm glad to see that our visit has excited you."
Mom got up and embraced me and pulled me tight against her mashing my hard cock between our bellies. She gave me several motherly kisses and then after was seemed like a very long time she released me. Immediately, I was taken into a hug from my nude mother-in-law and once again my very hard cock was mashed between our stomachs. She held me tight while both my mom and my wife looked on. Before releasing me, she too smothered me with many motherly type kisses.
Last in line was my wife who stood and I had to lean over to hug her shoulders because her belly was between us. I rubbed my baby and bent down and gave her a kiss and said, "Soon I will be about to kiss you without mommy being between us." Donna hugged me and said she was ready to have the baby when the baby was ready to make an appearance.
I picked up my drink and took a strong pull on it while I stood between my mom and my wife. My mom said, "Beth and I can see that you two have not been wearing any clothes like you told me on the phone, both of you have wonderful tans and no tan lines."
Beth, my mother-in-law piped up from the other side of the table and said both of looked great. She went on to say, "Donna looks so healthy with her complete all over tan."
Donna filled me in and told me, "When your mom had called my mom, like we had asked her to, my mom insisted on coming out to." Both of our moms smiled at us and asked almost simultaneously, "Will it cause a problem with both of us here instead of one or the other?"
I looked at both of them and referring to their nudity I said, "Both of you are welcome anytime you want to come out here to stay. It seems like neither of you have a problem with our house rule on nudity so both of you are welcome to stay as long as you want."
Once again I should stop here and tell you what my mom and my mother-in-law look like.
First I will tell you that I was totally surprised to see my mom was in such great shape. She wasn't what I would call toned but she wasn't flabby or droopy either. Her skin was tight and if I didn't know her to be my mom, I would have guessed her age to me far less than I knew it to be. As far as her body goes, my mom has dark hair like me with brown eyes. Being this is the first time I've seen her nude, I will have to guess that her breast size is about 36C. Her breasts still remained nice and round with only a very slight sag in them. Her areoles were a light brown and stood our prominently in the center of her breasts. Mom's tummy is tight but not hard. The thing that surprised me most is my mom's pussy is completely bald also and she looks great. I know I'm not supposed to critique my mom's body but I have always loved Donna's bald pussy and now I was looking at three bald pussies. But I am getting ahead of myself again.
My mom acted like she had always been nude at home because she wasn't a bit bothered by being nude with the rest of us. She didn't hide any part of her body from me and when she sat down, she sat with her legs parted and I had a clear view of her bald pussy. I would like to think that my cock was still hard because of my wife but I have to say, seeing the two added women nude didn't help me any.
As for Beth, my mother-in-law, she looked just like she could be Donna's older sister. Beth has the same small grapefruit sized breasts with lovely pink areoles just like my wonderful wife Donna. Beth also has blonde hair on her head and while I'm talking about hair, nope there wasn't any down below. Beth's bald pussy was partly blocked by the table but she was sitting with her knees parted just like my mom. Beth made no attempt to cover her charms even when she caught me momentarily looking at her. Beth had the same crystal blue eyes like her daughter. Like my mom, Beth was in great shape. I never would have guessed that our mom's would look so great nude.
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please vote and rate my story and if you have some feedback, I would like to hear from you.