Lacey looked at herself in the mirror. "It's a real nice dress, I like it!" she said, turning this way and that. "And it's even got little red and white stripes on it! It really is a candy stripe dress!" She grinned at herself. "I guess it's actually a skirt with a blouse, but they match so it looks like a real dress. I'm glad it's not like the old-fashiony kind they used to have like in the picture - a 'pinafore' they called it. That sort of looked like Bo-peep or Little Miss Puffet - or is it Muffet? Whatever, that one was sort of like an apron that wrapped all around, with big fluffy petticoats! You couldn't see what a girl looked like with that."
She caressed her round, shapely rear and pulled at the waist and neckline. "It is a little tight," she said, cupping her hands over her breasts. "But this was the only size they had left." She ran her hands down along her sides. "That's okay, though. At least it reaches my knees. Wouldn't be good if it was short like this, the way I usually like it ..." She pulled up the dress six inches above her knees and grinned. "Oo la la!" she sang, and flipped the skirt up, flashing her white cotton panties. "Don't guess I'll be doing that much today!" She undid the top button of the dress, which exposed a little of the cleavage between her ample breasts. "There!" she said, "That's better, especially since I'm not wearing a bra. I guess it's okay if I bounce a little - nobody'll notice ... except for the guys!"
She fluffed up her long wavy blond hair, and clipped in the little pink barrettes that kept it out of her eyes. Her friend Alicia told her to wear them, because she said a lot of men like how that looks, cute and innocent like a little girl. And she knew it was true - she'd seen how men stare at her on the bus, especially when she was sucking on a lollipop. "Alicia is so smart!" she often thought to herself. "Of course I'm not really a little girl," she thought now, "not with these ..." She grasped her breasts and lifted them up to the mirror. "Nope, no little girl is this big."
She thought about makeup, but then decided that she probably shouldn't wear it in places like the hospital she was going to today. Her lips were naturally pink, anyway. She puckered a little kiss at herself in the mirror and giggled.
She was so glad she was paying attention in church that day when Pastor Ted was talking about doing service to the community. "That's what I want to do," she decided. "I want to do nice things for people!" And wouldn't you know it, the very next day Alicia told her about the hospital looking for candy striper girls. At first she thought it was something about candy canes, but Alicia told her no, they were high school girls who volunteered to help at the hospital, bringing people drinks and books and magazines, or helping out in other ways. The candy stripe name meant the dresses they wore. "Oh! I see now!" She called the number Alicia gave her, and they said okay - she could be a candy striper!
It was always high school girls. Well, that's exactly what she was - next year she'd be a senior. She should have graduated already, but she had to stay back in the seventh grade. The math was so hard! She just couldn't get it, even though a nice eighth-grader named Jason would come by after school to help her. He'd try to explain it to her while she sat on his lap staring down at the page and listening to him. He used to keep his hands on her chest while she sat there, so she wouldn't fall off of his lap, he said. He was so nice! But the lessons hadn't helped, and she stayed back. Now the other kids are going off to college or working somewhere and she's still in high school. Oh well.
But the summer was going to be so cool! She'll meet the other kids and the hospital people at the school at 8:30 and they'd go to the hospital for a tour and their first day of being candy stripers. She could hardly wait! After that they'd decide when they want to go to work every day. Well, actually, she supposed the hospital people would decide that; whatever was okay with her. "And I really like this dress!"
* * * * *
The first day was just a tour around the hospital, finding out where things were, like the drinks and plastic cups, and the places where the books and magazines were kept. The girls weren't allowed to do the things that nurses do, of course, but Lacey was glad that she'd be allowed to go around talking to people, make them comfortable, things like that, try to make them happy even though a hospital is not a really happy place to be. And these were all things that she could do, she certainly didn't need math for that. The patients in the rooms seemed to like her, especially the older men - she liked them, too, they reminded her of her grandfather, the one who was still alive. Most of them smiled when they saw her; one of them even patted her rear - so cute!
Lacey got a big surprise when she and the other girls were led into one particular room, meeting the three patients there. They were older guys, and they seemed very happy to see the girls, smiling and looking them up and down as they filed into the room.
"Mr. Slocum! Is that you?" Mr. Slocum was from Lacey's own street at home, down at the end of it. He lived there in a big house with his sister, Mrs. Losik - she had moved in with him years ago when her husband died, and just stayed. Mr. Slocum never got married, so they just lived together now, two old people who happened to be brother and sister. A lot of people thought that was weird, but Lacey thought they were nice. They were always nice to her, anyway.
So here he was in a hospital bed now, with both of his hands bandaged up like he was wearing white boxing gloves, and one of his ankles was bandaged, too.
"Lacey? Is that you, sweetheart?" he said, looking at her with surprise. "Well, how about that!"
She ran over to his bed. "Hello, Mr. Slocum! Gosh you look like you got hurt real bad. What happened?"
"Oh, an accident with my damned backyard grill," he said. "The bloody tank was loose and flamed up when I turned it on. Both my hands got pretty burned, and I twisted and busted up my ankle when I tried to run away from it. Real stupid of me!"
"Oh gosh, I'm so sorry," said Lacey. "I hope it doesn't hurt too much now."
"Not too bad, they take good care of me here."
"Aw, poor Mr. Slocum!" Lacey pouted and stroked his hurt leg, but way above his knee, far away from the bandage.
A nurse called over to her. "Come along, Lacey, we have more rooms to visit."
"Okay," Lacey said, then turned back to Mr. Slocum. "I have to go now, Mr. Slocum," she said, "but I'll try to visit you later, okay?" She ran to the group, and smiled back at him and waved as she followed the others out the door.
Mr. Slocum's roomates, Al Johnson and Jerry Steinberg, had had their eyes on Lacey ever since she came into the room.
"Well, I'm gonna have sweet dreams tonight," said Al. "Won't be sleeping on my stomach, that's for sure!" The other two laughed. The candy stripers almost made a stay in the hospital worth it.
At five o'clock when Lacey's tour and training ended, she stopped to say goodbye to Mr. Slocum before she caught the ride back to the high school to meet her mom.
"So, Mr. Slocum, I'm going to start working tomorrow in the night time, well, not actually the night but like from five to nine o'clock. I won't be doing that all the time but just at first, I guess. Anyway, I'll be sure to come by to say hi to you before I leave. If you're asleep already I'll just whisper good night in your ear!" She grinned and waved then turned and tripped to the door. Three sets of eyes followed her enticing figure out of the room.
* * * * *
The next morning Lacey thought about her new job as a candy striper while she was in the shower. "I hope I can do a good job," she thought. "I think I can. The people there seemed to like me, especially the men. Of course, men always seem to like me, and I know why!" She looked down at her glistening, naked body and ran her hands over her hips up to her high, full breasts. She lifted and squeezed them in her soapy hands, and tweaked her erect nipples with her fingertips. "But that's okay, I don't mind. And they like this, too, I bet!" She reached behind her and moved her hands over her firm, prominent buttocks and along the curves of her hips. "Gosh, when some men look at me you can see them get big between their legs! I kinda like that." She reached down and caressed herself between her legs. "Makes me tingly to think about it," she sighed dreamily, closing her eyes as she massaged herself in little slippery circles.
"Actually, if a candy striper gets men turned on it's probably a good thing, 'cause it makes them real happy! And that's what we're for, right?" She began to shampoo her hair. "So I'll let the men look at me all they want ... just hope they don't have weak hearts!" She giggled.
"Of course, I wouldn't go too far," she said seriously as she rinsed her hair. "I'd never do anything like actual sex in a hospital, no, you couldn't expect me to do that!" She stepped out of the shower and began to towel herself off. "Just like with those boys who sometimes make out with me in their cars - just 'cause I unzip them and keep them hard forever doesn't mean I'll let them put it in me. I'm not that kind of girl! I mean, the way I touch them feels real good, right? And they get to feel me up while I play with them? Well, that should be enough, even if they don't get to come."
She wrapped a towel around herself and ran to her bedroom. "I think I'll make a good candy striper!"
* * * * *
The next day was busy. There were a lot of things she and the other girls had to do that didn't have anything to do with visiting the patients, like filing records or carrying little jars to the lab. But everybody was nice and smiled at her. As usual the men were extra nice to her, the orderlies and even the doctors. She could almost feel their eyes trying to see up her skirt when they were behind her on the stairs - it made her heart beat really fast! She was glad that she had gotten the small size dress after all.
About an hour before the end of her shift she finally got some time to go see Mr. Slocum. It was eight o'clock and she was worried that he might be asleep, but he wasn't. She pulled a chair over to his bed and sat down to chat. He seemed very glad to see her again, and appreciated how she fussed over him, making sure he was comfortable, running her hands over his covers to smooth them down. When she adjusted his pillows her breasts got close to his face, and he seemed to like that - he couldn't take his eyes off them, and she could tell that he was looking where she had left the top button undone. That made her smile, and she took her time leaning over him to fuss with the pillows. She noticed that the other two men in beds across the room were watching her intently.
"Aw," she thought, "I bet they're jealous! Oh well." She yawned and stretched her arms, which emphasized the size and shape of her breasts, then turned in the chair and slowly crossed her legs. As she did the two men had a clear view up her skirt to the crotch of her sheer, white panties. She looked up and noticed that they were staring at her with their mouths hanging half open. "Oh gosh," she thought, "I guess they got a peek!" She smiled. "Well, that's okay. Bet they're real hard now! I hope so." She felt quite proud of herself. "And they can't do anything about it! Well, serves them right for being so nosy." She looked away and pulled her skirt up a little higher, just to punish them more.
At nine o'clock she stood up. "Well, time for me to leave," she said, and leaned over to give Mr. Slocum a kiss on his forehead. "I'll come back to see you again tomorrow night, okay?" He took her hand between his bandaged ones and smiled gratefully. She waved back to him with her fingertips as she walked to the door. As she passed the other two men she waved at them, too. "Good night, sirs," she said. "Have sweet dreams!" She smiled and went out the door.
* * * * *
The next morning Lacey thought about her first day as a candy striper, and especially about Mr. Slocum. She enjoyed the time she spent with him - he was so pleased to see her! "But it must be hard for him lying there in bed with nothing to do," she thought. "He can't even get up to walk around! Maybe there's something I could bring to him that would help him pass the time. Does he have any hobbies? I don't know ... hmm. Wait! I know! I'll ask his sister, Mrs. Losik."
She had most of the day before her shift started at the hospital, so before lunch she walked down to the end of the street and knocked on Mrs. Losik's door. After half a minute Slocum's sister opened the door a bit irritably. Her expression softened when she saw Lacey.
"Oh, hello Lacey," she said. "What can I do for you? Come on in."
"Hi, Mrs. Losik! I wanted to talk with you about Mr. Slocum."
"Ah, yes, I heard about what you've been doing at the hospital." Her mouth twisted in a sarcastic grin. "So, how's the dirty old man doing?"
"Oh no, the patients there are kept very clean, Mrs. Losik."
The older woman looked at her blankly.
"The reason I wanted to talk to you," Lacey went on, "is to see if there's anything that maybe I could take to him, you know, something to keep him busy so he won't get too bored. Does he have any, like, hobbies?"
Mrs. Losik coughed a harsh laugh. "Well, the only thing he has you could call a hobby is in a box just inside the garage door. I put it out there when he went to the hospital." She got a glint in her eye. "You can take that to him if you want."
"Oh, could I? That would be great! I really want to try to make his time there nicer."
"Well, that should do it," the woman said. She looked Lacy up and down and nodded. "You know, you were always his favorite kid in the neighborhood."
"Oh gosh, that's so nice to hear! He did seem happy whenever I brought the Girl Scout cookies." She turned to leave. "Well, thank you so much, Mrs. Losik! I'll get the box from the garage now." It was a warm day and she was wearing tight white shorts, and her pretty rear wiggled as she tripped along the path to the garage.
"Oh yeah," Slocum's sister muttered, "he liked your little cookies, all right." She closed the door and hurried back to the soap she had been watching.
The garage was open, and Lacey found the box right away. It was tied up with string, and she decided she'd open it after lunch when she had more time. It was fairly heavy, but she didn't have far to go, so she managed to get it home without too much trouble. She put it in her room then went to have lunch with her mom and little sister.
After lunch she went into her bedroom and closed the door. "I wonder what it is?" she thought. "Model airplanes or something like that?" She carefully undid the knots of the string and opened the flaps of the cardboard box. She looked inside. "Oh my gosh!"
The box was filled with magazines. She took out the one on top and looked at the title. "Cocktease," she read. "Huh! Is it something about chickens?" Then she saw the picture. "Oh! I guess not. Her tits are even bigger than mine!" She leafed through the magazine, fascinated by the pictures of naked and half-naked girls. In most of the pictures the girls were smiling seductively, giving little peeks under their skirts, licking their lips as they almost uncovered their breasts. "Oh, I've got to tell Alicia about this!" She ran to the phone.
* * * * *
Alicia laughed with delight when Lacey told her about Mr. Slocum's magazines. She liked turning men on as much as Lacey did, and was certainly more experienced. She'd taught Lacey a lot about what gets to men - especially "dirty old men" - and they loved talking about penises they'd seen, how they get hot and hard when they're stroked - "aroused" and "erect" are the actual words, Lacey had learned.
"What I don't get," Lacey said, "is why the girls in some of Mr. Slocum's magazines don't show everything. I mean, men want to see girls all naked, right? So how come in a lot of the pictures they're just sort of almost taking off their clothes but leaving things on. You know, so the guys can't see what they really want to?"
"That's the cock-tease, girl! A lot of the time the girls are looking at the guys and smiling, right? That shows the drooling men that the girls know what they're doing to them, getting them all hot and bothered on purpose. It gets the guys all mad and frustrated and that's just what the girls want. And it gets the guys' cocks even bigger and harder, makes them want so bad what the girls won't give them."
"Oh! I get it. But that's kind of mean, isn't it?"
"Oh yeah, so mean that the guys spend all night going crazy and jerking themselves off, just loving it! Not all guys, but the ones it gets to are totally addicted. They're the ones I like to play with. Sounds like this old guy you know is one of them."
"I guess you're right - you usually are about hard cocks!" They both giggled. "Well, I gotta get ready to go to work now. I'll call you to tell you about what happens later."
"Oh yeah, call, I don't care how late it is. It makes me wet to hear about guys with stiff pricks!"
"Alicia, you are so bad! Don't worry, I'll call. Later!"
Lacey looked through another magazine after hanging up the phone. In this one the girls were showing everything, getting totally nude and spreading their legs wide apart while they looked out at the camera and smiled or licked their lips. But in most of the magazines they were teasing just like Alicia said - cock-teasing. "But I guess the naked ones spreading their legs are teasing, too, 'cause they're showing the guys what they want so bad but can't have!" She was learning so much today.
Although Lacey and Alicia were both interested in kinky things like older men who got turned on by young girls like them, she knew there was a difference in how they felt about it. Alicia wanted to punish men for being pigs, because of the cat calls she was always getting when she walked down the street, sometimes even getting groped. Of course she always dressed in ways that emphasized her sexy body - especially her ass! - but she couldn't be blamed for that. It was her business if she liked to wear skin tight pants that showed off her big round butt or the panty lines of her bikinis and thongs. "If they can't control what's happening between their legs it's not my fault!" she would say. "I like giving them raging hardons, but they should just keep their mouths shut and their hands to themselves!" Even on dates with a guy she liked she'd do things to drive him crazy with sexual frustration, since she always had it in the back of her mind that a man's cock should be used to punish him.
Lacey, on the other hand, believed that a man's cock should be used to make him feel good; well, to drive him crazy with pleasure, actually! Sometimes with actual sex, but not always - she was very selective about which penises she'd let slide into her nice warm pussy! But there were other ways to work a man's cock, like with the boys she liked to play with on dates. And one really good way was teasing them. I mean, she'd think to herself, I can't stroke the cock of every man I see during the day, can I? No, of course not! But if I smile at a guy who's staring at my tits or let him get a little peek up my skirt, then I bet he'll be thinking about me all day, wishing he could suck on these or fuck me, and later at night he'll be jerking his cock and wishing it was my hand! That way I'm getting guys off all day and maybe all night too!
She liked knowing that she had the power to make men want her, and doing things that aroused desire but kept it unsatisfied would just increase their sexual hunger and draw it out, and that was the idea, right? To make them want sex so bad it keeps them right on the edge of coming for a long time? She loved to get them all hot and bothered and frustrated - that way when they got home and jerked off half the night wanting her so bad it would feel sooooo good when they finally got an orgasm! So cock tease wasn't punishment at all. She enjoyed thinking about a man stroking his cock in bed while he thought about how she teased him with her sexy body, imagined him moaning real loud as he came all over his hands.
Oh, she loved cocks so much! She loved how they looked when they got hard, how the head got all shiny and tight when it was excited, how pink or even purple it got when it really, really needed to come! It was so cool to see a guy leaking out of the little hole when he was getting real close. She had learned where to touch a man's penis to make him moan, and she liked to imagine that when a man touched himself after she'd flirted with him he'd be trying to tease his cock even more while he thought about her. Yeah, he'd try to keep himself worked up for as long as he could, just to make it last - mmm I love thinking about that! She wondered if Mr. Slocum did that on the days when he had seen her in a skimpy top or tight shorts that showed her pouting little "camel toe"! She hoped so.
One of his magazines was called "Edge". The cover was a sexy girl who was almost naked, and beside her was "Stroke Your Cock Pump It Faster But Don't Cum!" in big letters. Inside were lots of pictures of girls posing real sexy, or even masturbating men's cocks or licking them, looking at the camera and saying things like "Don't cum pervert - you love it!", or "You need it but you can't have it!" Oh my!
"Oh, Mr. Slocum, you are so naughty! So this is what you like, huh?" She leafed through more of his collection, all of them filled with young girls showing off their tempting, sexy bodies. "Well, why not?" she said. "He's a man, isn't he, and just because he's not married doesn't mean he doesn't get turned on by hot girls, probably even more 'cause he doesn't live with a woman ... well, except for his sister, but she doesn't count! He's healthy - yeah, he got hurt, but that doesn't mean he can't get hard, right? I bet he used to play with himself while he looked at these girls ... while they teased his cock!"
As she looked at more magazines she realized that they were making her feel, well, sort of tingly. It wasn't that she was turned on by the girls - no, she really wasn't gay, not at all! Not even bi, like Alicia. But she enjoyed thinking about how it made men feel when they looked at the pictures of the of girls teasing them on purpose, how it made them so hot and bothered that they had to touch themselves, had to masturbate because the girls got them so worked up and frustrated! That's what got her excited, imagining how it felt to the men to be tormented with sex tease like that. Gosh, it must drive them crazy! She loved thinking about that, especially when she was the reason they needed it so bad.
Later in the afternoon she undressed to get ready to go to work. She looked in the mirror at her luscious naked breasts and covered the nipples with her hands. "This tease your cock, sir?" she said, and made a mocking smile while she licked her lips. "Gettin' all frustrated? Aww ... and all you can do is jerk off!" She laughed and reached down between her legs and touched herself - it felt sooo good!
"Well, that's enough of that!" She picked out a few of Mr. Slocum's magazines and put them in her shoulder bag, then got dressed in her candy striper uniform. She looked at herself in the mirror. "Hm. Maybe if I do this ..." She pulled the skirt higher and folded the top under, against the blouse. She looked in the mirror again - the hem of the skirt now was about four inches above her knees.
"Perfect! That'll be a lot more interesting ... especially to the guys behind me on the stairs!" She giggled and got ready to leave.
* * * * *
It was a busy night for the candy stripers, with lots of running around with papers and even some typing in the nurses' station office. Lacey was afraid that she wouldn't have time to visit with Mr. Slocum, but at eight things slowed down. "Oh good," she thought. "Now for your surprise!"
She got her bag from the locker room and hurried to Mr. Slocum's room. He and his roommates were very happy to see her, and sat up in their beds as she came into the room.
"Hello, gentlemen!" she called, waving to all of them as she walked across the room and put her bag down on a chair. "Glad to see me?" They all nodded eagerly as their eyes caressed her. She proceeded to make Mr. Slocum comfortable as she had the day before, smoothing his sheets and fluffing up his pillows, again with her breasts almost touching his face. This time she had decided not to leave his roommates out, so she gave them the same treatment, much to their delight. They almost drooled as she adjusted their pillows with her large breasts so close to their faces, their eyes actually crossing as they stared into her cleavage. After she ran her hands over their sheets to smooth them there were visible bulges between their legs.
"There," she said, "that's better!" She walked back to Mr. Slocum's bed. "Now," she said to him, "I have a surprise for you!"
"A surprise?"
"Yes, I think you'll like it! I hope so, anyway." She went over to the chair and reached into her shoulder bag. She watched Mr. Slocum's face as she slowly drew out a "Cocktease" magazine. She'd picked up the latest issue on her way to the hospital, which she figured he hadn't seen yet. The guy in the adult book store sure gave her a surprised look!
Slocum's eyes opened wide and his face went beet red. He looked up at Lacey and at his two friends, obviously confused and unsure how to react.
"Now Mr. Slocum, there's no reason to be embarrassed," Lacey said. "I'm here to make you feel good, and I'm pretty sure this is something that has made you feel really good before, right?" She gave him a big smile. "I want you to have a nice time! That's what we candy stripers are for, after all."
Lacey put the magazine down on Mr. Slocum's bed and turned to the other men, who had seen the cover when she took it out of her bag.
"So, gentlemen, would you like surprises of your own? Would that make you happy?" She put her hands on her hips and winked at them.
"Uh ... uh ... yeah, uh sure ..." they mumbled together, licking their lips.
Lacey turned her back and retrieved two more magazines from her bag. She bent over further than she actually had to, since she knew that two horny men were sure to be trying to look up her shortened skirt. She was pretty sure they got to see a flash of her panties - that should get them! She walked to their beds and laid the magazines directly over the bulges between their legs. "Have fun!" she said, wrinkling her nose and grinning. "Don't worry - I won't peek ..." She laughed and went back to Mr. Slocum's bed.
Slocum was holding his magazine clumsily between his heavily bandaged hands. "Uh, I can't really ..." he said, looking up at Lacey.
"Oh!" she said. "I didn't think of that! Oh shoot!" It was obvious now that there was a big problem. "I'm so sorry, Mr. Slocum! How could I be so silly? You can't turn the pages because of the bandages! Or do other things with your hands either ... oh, poor Mr. Slocum!" She put her bag on the floor and moved the chair up close to the bed. "Here, maybe I can help you ..."
She took the magazine and folded it over so she could hold it in one hand up to Slocum's face, while she leaned close to him with her other arm draped over the top of the pillow. Her breast pushed against his shoulder, but she didn't think he'd mind. She turned to the first picture in the first section, which showed a girl in ponytails and a school uniform standing in her bedroom, smiling sweetly at the camera.
"Ooh, look at her, Mr. Slocum! She's real pretty, isn't she? I think she's getting ready to take off her dress, don't you think so? You wanna see the next picture?" Without waiting for an answer she turned the page. "Oh, the little tease! Look how she's lifting up her skirt while she smiles at you ... you can almost see through those tight little panties! She really knows what men want, doesn't she?" Lacey continued turning the pages as the girl undressed, striking poses to tantalize the excited viewers. She whispered comments in Mr. Slocum's ear about how the girl was deliberately taunting him, slowly undressing just to get him excited.
"Gosh, she really is a cock-teaser, isn't she? Is she teasing your cock real bad, is she Mr. Slocum? Must be so frustrating!" She really didn't have to ask. Patients wore loose wrap-around gowns, and Mr. Slocum's was evidently raised above his waist under the sheet - she could see his erection pressing up against the sheet. Aw, she thought, and you can't do anything about it, can you, because of your bandages? Poor Mr. Slocum!
She looked over at the other men and smiled. Each of them was holding his magazine up with one hand while the other was busy under the sheet. The girl in the pictures she was showing Mr. Slocum had got down to just her skimpy bra and panties, and she was smiling at the camera as she reached around her back to unhook the bra. Her smile said that she knew you were dying to seeing her naked. Lacey could tell that Mr. Slocum was, all right! She could tell that his penis had been erect and hard the entire time she'd been showing him the pictures.
"Wow, she's almost naked, Mr. Slocum! She has nothing on but those tight panties and teeny bra, and she's about to take them off, too! Bet you'll like that, huh"? She let him stare at the girl for a few seconds while the head of his erection rubbed against the sheet. Then she closed the magazine and put it back in her bag. "But you'll have to wait until tomorrow to see that, 'cause it's almost nine o'clock and I have to leave. Sorry!"
She went over to the other men - the magazines were lying closed on their beds, and from the exhausted smiles on their faces she could see that they'd had a good time. She took the magazines before they could protest, and returned them to her bag. "No more for now," she chided. "You'll just have to wait until I come back with more - something for you to think about tonight. Bye!"
As Lacey drove her mom's car home she felt the familiar tingling between her legs while she thought about how she'd left Mr. Slocum. He was so worked up and sexually frustrated that he could hardly talk when she said good night to him. And he can't do anything about it 'cause of those bandages! Aww...
"Don't worry, Mr. Slocum, I'll make you happy. But I think I'll tease you some more first!" She giggled as she pulled into her driveway. "This is so much fun!"
* * * * * *
"Oh, you are a wicked little bitch!"
"Uh huh - I try!"
Alicia laughed. Lacey had called her as soon as she got home. She lay in bed now, telling her best friend what she had done to get the men in the hospital excited and masturbating. Except for Mr. Slocum, of course. She had left him hanging, so aroused, so frustrated! Alicia especially liked hearing about that, and she pressed Lacey for details.
"Did you get to see his cock? It must have been stiff and dribbling!"
"No, he was covered by the sheet, but I could see the shape real well. And I think there was a wet spot right at the tip!"
"Oh God, perfect! Old guys are the best to tease, 'cause they can never get girls anymore. Just think about how bad they must need it - God, I love that!"
"Yeah, I guess, Alicia, but I still feel sort of sorry for him, you know? I mean, I've known him for a long time, he's sort of like an uncle! Even though he's not really, but I saw him all the time when I was growing up."
"Uh huh, and did you notice anything different when you were getting older?"
"What do you mean?"
"I mean, like, did he look at you different when you started getting tits? Did he start looking at them instead of your face when he talked to you?"
"Well, yeah, I guess, but that's not so unusual, is it? Most guys do that with me."
Alicia laughed. "Yeah, I know they do! Especially when you stand in front of them with your hands behind your back and your tits poking out, fluttering your eyelashes at them!"
"I don't do that!"
"Oh yes you do! It's so funny to see - you are the perfect perv-bait! You should be proud."
"Well, maybe I do that a little, sometimes." Lacey giggled. "I like to watch what happens in their pants. That's really fun!"
"Yeah, it really is. God, I wish I had your boobs!"
"You've got nice tits, you do! And I've seen how guys look at your ass - you have a perfect bubble-butt!" Lacey knew that she did as well, but she was not about to compete with her best friend.
"Yeah, well anyway, it sounds to me that you've been teasing this old guy's cock for years without even knowing it. And now he's like your prisoner in a sex-torture dungeon! I bet he's still jerking off after what you did to him."
"Uh, no, because of, you know - the bandages?"
"Oh! Right! Oh God, this gets just better and better - the more you tell me the wetter I get!" Lacey wondered if Alicia was touching herself - she sounded like she was about to come!
But she had to admit that Alicia was right; over the years she had given Mr. Slocum plenty to think about as she grew up, running around the neighborhood in the summer in tiny bikinis or tight short-shorts, or bouncing in little half-tees. He was so nice to all the kids. She remembered how he used to water the big lawn in front of his house, setting up lots of sprinklers that spun around or waved back and forth in thin, shimmery fountains. Some of the spinning ones were in the shape of little animals or snow-white type dwarfs - so cute! He let the kids run around the lawn under the sprinklers in their bathing suits on hot days, laughing and shouting. Mr. Slocum would sit in the shade on his porch, with a big pitcher of lemonade, and whenever you wanted you could go up on the porch and he'd pour you a glass to drink, and then you ran back down to the sprinklers to play some more. He was so sweet and really nice to us kids!
And now with a body that looked just like the girls in the magazines he liked she could
be nice to him back ... and she'd do that by taking advantage of his helpless condition to drive him absolutely mad with sex tease! She wanted to think of a way to get Mr. Slocum really worked up - then she'd give him what he needed. Maybe.
* * * * *
Lacey arrived in her favorite room of admirers at about eight that evening, after going to the locker room to get ready for something she wanted to try. "Hello, gentlemen," she chirped. "Here I am!" The three men enthusiastically welcomed her. "I'm so glad to see you tonight," she said as she bounced into the room and put her bag down on a chair. "Glad to see me?"
"Oh yeah ...", "Absolutely ...", "So glad, so glad ..."
Lacey grinned. Then she made a show of wiping her brow. "Hoo, I get so hot running around this hospital!" she said. "I've got to cool down!" She began to unbutton her blouse, then ran to a ventilation vent in the wall and held the blouse open to the stream of cool air. After half a minute she finished unbuttoning the blouse and took it off. Unlike the day before when she'd had nothing on under it, tonight she was wearing a light pink t-shirt. She turned to face the men.
"There!" she said. "Glad I wore this today. So much better!" She stood with her hands held behind her back. The skin tight tee molded Lacey's full breasts, their pert nipples hard and erect from the cool air of the air conditioning vent. Above the waist she looked almost naked. All three men were staring avidly, unconsciously licking their lips as they imagined what it would be like to suck on those big, luscious tits!
"Now, let's make sure you're all comfortable, shall we?" She performed her usual ritual with each of them, fluffing their pillows and smoothing their sheets. Her t-shirt had a very low neckline, so they had a lot more cleavage than usual to feast their eyes on, as well as those inviting, enticing nipples. She smiled to see three erections stirring under the sheets.
She held up her bag. "So - anyone for some reading material?"
After she had given particularly hot magazines to Al and Jerry, she went over to Mr. Slocum's bed and put her bag on the chair next to it.
"So, Mr. Slocum," she said, "I want to try something that I hope will work better than what we did yesterday. That was a little clumsy, don't you think?" She went over to the table where his dining tray was sitting, the little stand that was put on his bed straddling him so that he could eat his meals in bed. She took it over to the bed and positioned it over him after lowering the sheet to his knees, then reached into her bag. She lifted out a picture frame that she had found stored in her family's garage, and placed it on the tray. It had a sturdy support attached to the back that held the frame up at an angle. There was no picture in the frame, but a pair of clothespins had been clipped to the top.
"There!" Lacey said. "I think this will work ..." She fished out of her bag the same copy of Cocktease magazine that she had been showing him the day before, and put it on the picture frame. She opened it to the first page and clipped it in place with the clothespins.
"Yay! It does work!" She unclipped the magazine and began to look through it. "Now, which little cock tease girl shall we look at first ..."
"Uh, could I see ... uh, from yesterday ..." Mr. Slocum said hesitantly.
Lacy looked at him. "Oh," she said. "The one I didn't have time to show you? Is that the one? Where she takes off all her clothes to show you everything? Is that what you want to see, Mr. Slocum?" He nodded shyly. "Well, okay! Why don't we start with the picture just before that." She flipped the pages to the last picture he had seen, and clipped it onto the frame. Then she leaned close to him so she had the same view that he had.
"Yes, this was the last one you saw," she said. "Were you thinking about her all night? Is she making you feel now the way you did yesterday, huh?" She giggled softly. "I guess you really, really want to see what comes next, don't you?" As she spoke she reached down and gently tugged his gown up until his penis was visible below the tray, then slowly unclipped a clothespin to turn the page. Slocum seemed distressed and embarrassed to be suddenly so exposed, but at the same time he was intently focused on the page that Lacey was starting to turn.
"Don't be embarrassed, Mr. Slocum, this shows me how excited you are! I'm so glad you are, it really makes me happy!" And in fact his penis was rapidly becoming erect as he looked at the next pictures. They showed the girl as she dropped her brassiere and then seductively pushed down her panties. In the last picture she was smiling and licking her lips, with her legs spread wide apart. She held one large breast in her hand, squeezing it, while the other hand coyly blocked the view between her legs.
"Gosh, I bet she's really making you want her! But that's the idea, isn't it? To get men to want what they can't have? All they can do is ... you know!" She giggled. "Oh! But you can't even do that, can you? Aww, poor Mr. Slocum!"
As she cooed sympathetically she reached down and touched his leg just above the knee. Then she began to move her fingertips slowly up the inside of his thigh until she had almost reached his penis. She paused for a few seconds, then gently stroked his scrotum with her fingernails.
"Lacey!" He was surprised and shocked. "You can't ... I really don't think you should be doing ... it's not ..."
She leaned close to him and whispered in his ear. "Shh ... it's okay, Mr. Slocum. You were always so nice to me and now I want to be nice to you." She gently ran a single fingertip up the shaft of his penis to the head. "Does that feel good, Mr. Slocum? Do you like that?" He was unable to suppress a low moan of pleasure. "I want to make you feel good, Mr. Slocum. I want to pleasure you while you look at these cock teasing girls. Can I, Mr. Slocum? Can I? Please?" She continued to run a single finger slowly up and down the underside of his erect penis. "Please?" His gasps and moans told her all she had to know.
"So, let's see what else they have here to get you turned on, shall we?" She chose another girl and clipped each page so Mr. Slocum could stare at it while she reached down with one hand and played with his cock. When they got to a series that showed a girl using her mouth to pleasure a man, she noticed that Mr. Slocum became especially excited.
"Mmm, you like what she's doing, huh? Well, when we get to a picture you especially like tell me, okay?" She continued turning the pages.
"Uh, there, that one," he said breathlessly. The picture showed the girl delicately licking the head of the man's erect penis, while she looked right at the camera with a taunting smile. It told the viewer that she knew that he desperately wished it was his cock that she was teasing and licking.
"Ya like that, huh?" Lacey said. She giggled. "Such a nasty little tease!" She clipped both clothes pins to the page to hold it open. "Okay, now you stare at her, okay? Stare at her and imagine!" Lacey had her hands free now, so she moved down to Mr. Slocum's lap and went to work on his cock with both of them. He moaned and writhed as she brought him almost to climax again and again as he stared at what the girl was doing with her maddening tongue. Lacey was having the time of her life!
Finally, at a minute before nine, after fondling and teasing Mr. Solcum's hard penis for half an hour as he stared at picture after picture of wicked young girls, when she knew that just one more tantalizing stroke would drive him to a spurting orgasm, she stood up and removed the tray with the open magazine, moving it to the table. She unclipped the magazine and put it and the picture frame back in her bag. Then she retrieved her blouse and put it on, smiling down at Mr. Slocum as she buttoned it up.
"Time to go!" she said gaily, and went to gather the magazines from the other two men. At the door she turned and blew a kiss. "Till next time!" she said, and left.
* * * * *
"So, Lacey," her mother said as they were having lunch the next day, "how are things going at the hospital? Not too depressing, I hope."
"Oh, no," Lacey said, "and they really appreciate having us girls there, making the patients feel better! I really like it." She took another bite of her sandwich. "And you know what? One of the patients there is Mr. Slocum from up the street!"
"Really?" said her mom. "Yes, I had heard he'd had an accident. Well, it must put him at ease a little having someone familiar pop in to see him. He always seemed to like you."
"Oh yes, he was real glad to see me. I'm pretty sure I made him feel better."
Several days later Lacey knew that Mr. Slocum was going to have some work done on his hands in the afternoon that required him to be given general anesthesia, so she suspected that he wouldn't be up to the kind of treatment she had in store for him. And she was right - when she arrived in his room at 8:30 he was sound asleep. She went over to his bed and gave him a kiss on his forehead, then turned to the other two men. She took off her candy striper blouse - she had the tight pink t-shirt on under it again.
"Well," she said, "I see from your charts that you gentlemen will be leaving us tomorrow to go home! I'll miss you." She pouted and traced an imaginary tear down her cheek with a finger.
"We'll miss you too, sweetie" Jerry said, "won't we, Al?"
"Oh yeah," Al said, nodding his head vigorously, "we really will, oh yeah!"
Lacey smiled and moved closer, between the beds. Their eyes were fixed on her shapely breasts, which loomed over the two staring men as she stood with her hands behind her back, looking down at them. "You know, guys, I couldn't help noticing that you got sort of, well, tense when you were looking at those magazines the other day. I've been thinking that maybe I could do something to relieve the tension." She looked at them with wide eyes and a serious expression. "What do you think? Is there something I could do that would help you relax? Something for you to remember me by?" She bit her lower lip and looked at them shyly.
The two men swallowed hard, then nodded uncertainly.
"Well, then, I think we're going to need some privacy!" She quickly drew the privacy curtains that hung from runners in the ceiling around each of the men's beds, enclosing them in a sort of cocoon together. She looked at her watch and frowned. "Oh shoot!" she said. "It's kind of late. I don't think I have time to give each of you the attention you deserve. Let's see: eeny meeny miney moe ..." She pointed back and forth between the two men. Then she stopped and sighed. "No, that really wouldn't be fair to the loser. Gee, that's too bad! I think you would have liked it. A lot." She sighed and began to move the curtains back.
She stopped. "Wait!" she said, turning to them and clapping her hands. "I have an idea!" She held up a finger as she turned to leave. "I'll be right back, don't go 'way!" She disappeared for a few seconds and then returned with a chair, which she positioned between the men's beds. She sat down and stretched out her hands to see how far she could reach on each bed. "Should work," she said. "Oh, this will be fun!"
She stood up. "Now I want each of you to lie on your back and just relax, okay?" They did as she asked as she watched with her hands on her hips. "Good," she said, then lifted the sheets off each man, lowering them and folding them neatly down near their feet. "Now don't be embarrassed - remember that I'm a candy striper which is almost sort of like a nurse, and nurses see men all the time, you know?" Then she proceeded to slowly raise their hospital gowns above their waists, folding them up over each man's stomach, so that his naked penis was completely exposed. "Very nice," she said softly. "Ooo, really nice!" She gently touched their legs. "I'd also like you to spread your legs apart, could you do that for me, please?" They did so immediately. "Very nice," she said again, and ran her fingernails gently up the insides of their thighs. She smiled when both penises began to lengthen.
She sat down again and took a bottle of lotion she'd brought with the chair and poured a generous amount into her left hand, then rubbed her hands together, making them slippery and fragrant.
"Okay, move over close to the edge of your bed and put your hands underneath your butts. That's just to sort of raise you up. And you're not going to need your hands." The men obeyed, and Lacey grinned as she looked back and forth between two erections that were rapidly expanding beyond their nests of hair. The head of Mr. Johnson's penis was starting to peek out from the foreskin, while Mr. Steinberg's glans was naked to begin with, and was swelling like a little throbbing balloon.
"I think this is going to work out so well!" she said brightly. "I can do you both together, and that way I'll have time to go real, real slow - I think you'll like that." She reached out and gently caressed the balls of each man. Their erections immediately began to twitch and lift from their bellies.
"And you know what? I think it will be fun to give you some other encouragement, too." She lifted her skirt and pulled up her feet, resting her heels on the front edge of the seat of her chair with her knees spread wide apart. Her panties were tight and sheer, and clearly molded what was barely hidden inside them. "You can look at me if you want, guys," she said, "while I work on you with my hands." The two men stared hungrily between her spread legs, where the lips of her young pussy were almost peeking out the sides of the crotch of her stretched panties.
She reached out and took the two penises in her hands. "I hope this feels okay, Mr. Johnson," she said to Al, who was in the bed on her left. "I'm not left-handed, so I'll have to be extra sure I give you just as much attention as Mr. Steinberg." She moved her hand tentatively up and down his penis. "Is that okay, Mr. Johnson? Does that feel good?"
"Oh! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it ... oh yeah ..."
She grinned and looked over at Jerry. "I suppose I should check with you too, Mr. Steinberg, just to be fair." She reached down and gave his large penis a single slow stroke. "Does that feel good, Mr. Steinberg? Does it?"
"Yes, Miss, it's ... good ... real good ..."
"Oh, this is going to be so much fun!" she cried, and began to slowly masturbate the two men.
Lacey had never had two hard cocks in her hands before, and she was loving it. They were both warm and throbbing as she stroked them slowly up and down, sometimes making a simple ring with just a finger and thumb, and sometimes squeezing firmly with her whole hand as she twisted her slippery hands around their shafts. Most of all she teased them, lightly flicking her fingertips around the rim, or drawing a single finger slowly up the underside of the shaft but stopping just before she reached the engorged head, just to let them know she knew exactly what she was doing to them, knew exactly what they wanted and how to make them need it more. She caressed their balls, too, gently scratching them with her fingernails while her thumb reached up to touch that place just below the head.
"I guess it's been a long time since you've had a girl young as me, huh? I bet it has, a girl who will do this to you ..." She watched the heads of their penises emerge from her slippery fists as she stroked slowly up and down. They look like puppy noses! she thought, and giggled.
"Do you think about this a lot, like when you see pretty girls at the mall?" she said as she teasingly flicked her fingertips around the heads of their cocks. "Does it make you wish you could have a pretty young girl doing this to you?" She gave their penises a long, slow stroke then let them go and moved her hands away. "Gosh, it must be so frustrating! Wanting them so bad and knowing you'll never have them?" She ran a finger up each shaft. "Wishing you could have that?" She gave them each a sensuous stroke. "Wanting a young girl to pleasure you like this?" She removed her hands again. "But no. You can never get that ... aww ..." She took them in her hands again and slowly twisted her fists around their slippery shafts. "Except for right now ... one last time ..."
The men gasped, desperate for more pleasure, raising their hips in a futile attempt to get her to make them come. But she ignored that, if anything slowing down, increasing their frustration.
"When you get home I guess you'll be doing this to yourselves, or maybe your wives will do it for you. Won't be the same, though, will it? Well, you can pretend it's me ... teasing you ... teasing your cocks ..."
The men were writhing in torment, their mouths open as they moaned and gasped as she pleasured them, or whimpering when she subjected them to extended teasing.
"What's the matter, guys," she whispered, "you getting all frustrated? Aww, but you love it, don't you? You love how this feels ..." She slid her fingers lightly around the rims of their swollen penises, twisting slowly back and forth, then set to jerking up and down with fast, slippery strokes, but quickly released them when she judged they were about to come. Then she started the agonizing, maddening tease all over again, bringing them almost to climax again and again. It took some concentration on her part to be able to make her hands do the same thing to the two cocks at the same time!
A few minutes before nine she abandoned the merciless edging and proceeded to masturbate them slowly and carefully, subjecting each of their cocks to mounting, unrelenting pleasure. Mr. Johnson was the first to reach the point of no return, and he cried out in ecstasy, moaning and twisting in his bed with his hands still behind his back, as his warm semen gushed and flowed down Lacey's stroking hand. Mr. Steinberg, on the verge himself and doubly excited by seeing the other man come, gave a low moan and began to buck in Lacey's other hand. She grinned with delight as she watched both their ejaculating cocks explode in drenching orgasms, erupting in helpless pleasure, covering both her hands in warm come. They lay gasping, totally drained.
"There!" she said. "And you were first, Mr. Johnson! I guess my left hand works, huh?" She giggled.
"Well," she said, standing up and wiping her hands on a towel she'd brought. "I hope you guys enjoyed that - I sure did! Have sweet dreams, now." She folded up the privacy curtains and returned the chair next to sleeping Mr. Slocum's bed. She grinned at the two men. "I know you'll be thinking about me when you're home in your own beds tomorrow night. But don't tell your wives!" She laughed and blew a kiss as she went out the door.
* * * * *
"You did WHAT?!"
Alicia was speechless when Lacey called and told her about her little session with Mr. Slocum's roommates. "Details, girl, I want details!"
Lacey grinned. She knew that Alicia would be blown away by what she'd done! "Well, when I got there ..."
"Listen, you want to come over?"
"Uh ... sure," Lacey said, "why not? Be there in a jiff."
Alicia had moved out of her family's house two years after she graduated from high school, into a little apartment not too far from Lacey's house. She was trying to save up for college, which was taking a while on the pay from her job as receptionist for a public service law firm. It would have been easier if she'd stayed home longer, but she felt she really needed to leave so she could have a private life.
As she drove the couple of miles to Alicia's apartment Lacey thought about their friendship. Gosh, we've known each other for like forever! Even if we're really really different. I mean, she's so smart and I'm, well, not so much. But she never looks down on me because I stayed back in school, and she wasn't jealous of me like the other girls 'cause their boyfriends liked to look at me a lot. She says she likes me because I'm open and honest and I'm kind. Well, I don't know, maybe. But I think she's a lot honester than me, she actually told me right off that she's bi and that she likes looking at me too! That's kinda kinky I guess, but we laugh about it, it's fun being such weird friends like that! I guess we really do love each other, but Alicia knows it's the kind of love where I won't go as far as she probably wants me to.
It's going to be so fun telling her about Mr. Johnson and Mr. Steinberg! We both like telling about guys we get hot and bothered, it gets us wet too, hearing each other talk about it. And I don't mind sort of showing myself off to her now and then, just to give her a thrill - she gets so turned on when I do that! I'm not bi, but it makes her happy, so why not? It was so funny that time she told me that I'm a real good cock tease but even a better pussy tease! That really made me laugh.
Alicia opened the door at the first knock. "Get in here, you! Here ..." She pulled Lacey in and pushed a glass of red wine into her hand. Lacey rarely drank wine, or any alcohol, actually, certainly not at home - it made her woozy. But it was okay here with Alicia, who said it helped loosen them both up before they got into the hot stuff!
"Okay - two big cocks, at the same time, in each hand?" Lacey then told her about what she'd done with Al and Jerry, described how she managed to masturbate them and get them off at the same time - after a lot of frustrating tease, of course!
After their second glass of wine Alicia jumped up. "Wait!" she said. "I have an idea ..." She took three of the chairs around her little dining table and arranged them next to each other. Then she took Lacey by the hand, took away her wine glass, and led her to the middle chair. "Sit," she said. "Be right back."
Lacey sat waiting for her, her head swimming a little bit from the wine. Alicia came running back into the room. "Here, take them," she said. She was holding dildo vibrators, one blue, the other bright pink. Each was attached to a little stand so that they could stand upright. Alicia had found them on some specialty sex web site.
"Oh!" cried Lacey, laughing. She took them from Alicia and put them on the chairs next to her. "Like this?" She set them pointing up, taking away her hands for a second as a test - they stayed up like two technicolor erections. Then she grasped them again and stroked up and down a couple of times, grinning at Alicia.
"Yeah, like that," Alicia said. "Show me how you teased them."
"Wait," Lacey said. "Here's something else I did." She pulled her now bare feet up to the edge of the chair and spread her legs the way she'd done when she'd given hand jobs to the men. "I gave 'em something to look at, too," she said. "See? And then I played with their cocks for a long time." She began to flick her fingers up and down the two dildos.
Alicia stretched out on her couch and watched Lacey demonstrate how she had teased the two cocks. She was dressed in only a long t-shirt and panties, and her right hand drifted down between her legs and began to move in slow circles over the bulge of her vulva, gently massaging her clitoris with a fingertip. Lacey smiled and puckered her lips into a kiss. She felt her own heart racing, excited by what she was doing to Alicia.
"You know," she said, "I probably shoulda done something else, too, maybe like this. What do you think?" She lowered her feet to the floor and stood up, swaying a little from the wine. She pushed her skirt down to her ankles and kicked it away. Then she turned her back to Alicia, and looked back at her over her shoulder as she slowly lowered her panties, revealing her creamy round ass and wide hips to the masturbating girl. Then she turned forward, with her hands coquettishly held between her legs. She grinned tauntingly and licked her lips as she looked at Alicia.
Lacey was naked now except for the pink tee, which did little to hide her erect nipples. She sat down on the chair again and lifted her feet back up to the seat, spreading her knees wide. She slowly moved her hands away from her crotch, caressing the insides of her thighs up and down, drawing attention to her exposed pussy as she looked across at Alicia. Alicia had pushed down her own panties and was moaning as both her hands worked feverishly between her legs. The wet lips of Lacey's delicate pink vulva were open to Alicia's gaze, under her trimmed, light blond pubic hair. She bit her lower lip and began to massage her own clitoris as Alicia stared and masturbated faster, quickly reaching orgasm in a gasping moan. She managed two more while Lacey continued to pleasure herself, reaching her own climax with a quivering sigh.
Later they ate chocolates and chatted until Lacey was sober enough to drive home. At the door Alicia kissed her gently on the mouth.
"That was good, so good - thanks, girl."
"It was fun!" Lacey said. And meant it.
* * * * *
"Well, look at this! It's just you and me, Mr. Slocum. I bet you've been real lonely, with Mr. Johnson and Mr. Steinberg gone, huh?" It was eight o'clock - Lacey made sure she would have plenty of time alone with Mr. Slocum.
She fetched the dining tray from the table and positioned it over Mr. Slocum's body, then moved the chair over to his bed. She took the picture frame out of her bag and put it on the tray, then sat down and took a magazine out of her bag, fastening it to the frame. This time it was a new issue of "Barely Legal," one of the others that she'd found in Mr. Slocum's collection. He licked his lips as the stared at the sweet young girl on the cover, while Lacey made sure his penis was uncovered and ready for her attention. She flipped through the magazine to a section called "Her Bedroom Window."
"I guess you're supposed to pretend that you're a peeping tom," Lacey said, "but gosh, it's obvious that she knows men are looking at her while she's taking off her clothes! Look at how she's smiling at you - so sexy!" She continued turning the pages. "You can tell she knows that men are touching themselves while she teases them. She wants them to masturbate to her."
She looked down at the bed - his penis was becoming erect. "Would you like to masturbate to her, too, Mr. Slocum? Aw, but of course you can't, can you - too bad!" She giggled. "So, I guess I'll just have to do it for you ..."
After clipping the magazine to a page that seemed to get him especially aroused, she began fondling and stroking his penis, using both her hands to pleasure him while he drooled over the cock-teasing young girls in the pictures. "Does this feel good, Mr. Slocum?" she whispered, as her fingertips fluttered all over his cock and balls. "Does this make you want to come while those girls tease you? Am I helping them tease your cock?" She held his erection up and gave it two slow strokes. "Do you like that? Do you want some more? Do you? Do you need to come?"
"Oh Lacey! Yes ... please ... oh God ..." She smiled and ran her fingertips lightly up and down his shaft.
"Oh, Mr. Slocum, you are so excited! You must need to come so bad!" She sighed. "But no, we can't let you do that - even though it'd feel soooo good! - 'cause then it would be over and I'd have to stop touching you, and you wouldn't want that, would you?" She fluttered her fingers all around the head of his rigid penis, lightly teasing it with soft flicks. "I love doing this to you, Mr. Slocum. You love it too, don't you?" His helpless moaning became more ardent. "That's why I have to stop now, Mr. Slocum. I have to stop so you'll keep needing it real bad."
She removed her hand from his agonized cock and pouted as he gasped and groaned in frustration. "Aw, poor Mr. Slocum." She removed the tray and the magazine she'd been using to excite him and looked down at him. "Look at me instead, Mr. Slocum." She watched his face as she slowly unbuttoned her blouse. He stared at her with helpless desire as she slowly opened the blouse to reveal her beautiful young breasts, firm and voluptuous. She cupped them from below and gently lifted them, offering her gorgeous body as a gift for him to feast his eyes on. Her nipples were hard and erect, and she leaned over and allowed him to lick and suck avidly on each of her warm breasts as she cooed affectionately, encouraging his desperate desire. After a minute she reached down and gently moved his legs apart. She looked down at him and smiled as she ran the tip of her tongue along her upper lip. "Remember," she whispered, "you're not allowed to come."
She looked down at his rigidly erect penis. It was dark pink, swollen with desire and need, the shaft curving up in a rigid arc, the head taut, glistening, aching. The urethra in the center was slightly open, almost like pursed lips, and Lacey eagerly anticipated seeing Mr. Slocum's orgasm sending ropes of semen spurting out of it! She loved his penis, and she wanted to make sweet, adoring love to it. But first she would drive it mad with tease.
She started with a single lick, light and delicate, on the underside of his excited cock just below the head. He gasped and cried out helplessly at the sudden flash of pleasure.
"Oh Gosh! Was that too much, Mr. Slocum? Maybe I better stop."
"No, please, oh Lacey, don't stop, oh my God ...!"
"Hm. Well, maybe one more." Once again she slowly licked what she knew was the most sexually sensitive part of his penis, but this time followed up with several rapid side to side tongue flicks.
"Yesss! Oh God yes, ohhhhhh ..."
"Gosh, you really like that, don't you Mr. Slocum? Well, I guess I'll do some more. But remember - you can't come. 'Cause if you do then I'll have to stop doing this to you ..." She swirled her tongue around the head of his penis. "And you never want that to stop, do you, Mr. Slocum?" He gasped and begged her for more. She giggled.
She leaned over his lap and set to inflicting on him all the tricks for worrying and pleasuring cocks that she'd learned in the back seats of boys' cars and in the dorm rooms of the college boys she liked to tease. She kissed and nuzzled his hard penis, sucked it and licked it, but was always careful to keep it just short of orgasm, denying it the relief it needed so badly. She loved how he begged her to let him come, as she fluttered the tip of her tongue slowly up and down along the underside of his penis while she gently caressed his scrotum with her fingernails. He was in an agony of sexual need, right on the edge, and she loved keeping him there!
"Gosh, Mr. Slocum, you are so big and hard - it must hurt to be so hard! You're gonna come for sure if I keep going. So I better stop."
"No please Lacey ... ohhhhh ... God, please Lacey, I need ... ohhhh ..."
"Gee, I don't know, you seem so worked up, it can't be good for your heart! I better cool you off." She blew a stream of air up and down his agonized erection. It was warm and maddening.
"Oh ... oh ... God ... please ... please ... oh Lacey ..."
Lacey was becoming excited herself, and was breathing rapidly as she watched Mr. Slocum writhing in agony, begging her for release. She got up on the bed and lay between his legs. Her parted lips were very close to the head of his penis as she breathed on it and looked up at his face, fascinated by his torment. Her warm breath came in ragged pants as she studied him, remaining very still. Suddenly her tongue darted out and flicked his cock, barely touching it. He gasped at the sudden pleasure ... but then nothing as she continued to look into his eyes, excited by his need. He could feel his impending climax quivering, aching, right there, almost ... almost ... please ... please! Then another flick ... and again nothing, as he moaned and gasped in frustration ... oh God oh God! ... then suddenly her fluttering tongue, more tantalizing cock teasing licks, wickedly accurate, but unpredictable, random, not enough. "Remember," she whispered, "no coming." Another flick.
Slocum was almost in tears, begging for mercy, in desperate need of orgasm more than ever before in his life, torn between indescribable pleasure and the agony of denial, all being inflicted on him by the most beautiful, lusciously voluptuous girl he'd ever seen. A thin stream of pre-ejaculate appeared at the tip of his penis, and dribbled down the head and shaft. Lacey noticed, and knew very well what it meant. She immediately stopped her maddening licks, and watched the tormented penis as it throbbed in anticipation of climax, but was left hanging at the last moment. The pre-climax drip stopped, so she licked again, this time a more sensuous, gentle tongue caress, and was rewarded by renewed flow from the inflamed penis. Finally, after several more deliberately frustrating licks, it became too much for him, and a powerful gush shot from his penis as he gasped out an involuntary cry of raw pleasure. A splash of semen caught Lacey's cheek, but she ignored it as she held the base of Mr. Slocum's convulsing penis and applied her mouth to the head and shaft, swirling her tongue lasciviously over the most erotically sensitive part of his ejaculating cock. He writhed on the bed, moaning in ecstasy at the onslaught of searing pleasure being driven by Lacey's relentless licking and sucking on his bucking cock.
When it was over Lacey dutifully wiped him dry and straightened the sheets, like the good little candy striper she was.
"Well, you went and came, Mr. Slocum - naughty you!" She took up her bag to leave. "But that's okay. Maybe you'll do better next time. Remember, I live just down the street." She knew that with Mrs. Losik there she'd never be able to have fun with Mr. Slocum again after he got home. But his bandages will be off by then, she thought to herself, so he'll be able to have fun by himself! I hope he thinks about me then.
She winked at him and went out the door.
* * * * *
Driving home Lacey grinned as she thought about what she had done to Mr. Slocum tonight. What was that word Alicia had taught her? Excruciating! Yes, that was it - she had driven him crazy with excruciating sex tease.
She was feeling the familiar tingling, so she pulled up her skirt and put her hand down between her legs, inside her panties. "Gosh, I am so wet!" She couldn't wait to get on the phone to Alicia. "Talking about this is gonna make her come so hard, for sure ... and me too!" She smiled dreamily. "Maybe I'll let her touch me this time ..."