There were a number of conclusions that Eva quickly came to after the night with her friends. First off, she was positive that she had done the right thing to go through with it. It had given her so much fun and pleasure and it wouldn't be right to deprive herself of that. She had fantasized about the experience so much and it was great to finally get it out of her system. She was also convinced that doing it with her friends was a good choice. It was far more safe to do it with guys she could trust, rather than some strangers. The fact that they were her close friends also added another level to the experience. It made the whole thing feel more special and real.
She was also happy that she had discovered the thrill of tasting herself and she quickly made it a part of her masturbating routine. She loved it partly because doing it made her feel a bit slutty, but she also found that the taste excited her. She thought sometimes that perhaps there was a Pavlovian explanation such that she associated the taste of herself with the amazing experience with her male friends. Other times she was convinced that she just happened to have a very exhilarating pussy; they guys sure had enjoyed tasting her. Either way, she really enjoyed it and couldn't for her life understand why she hadn't done it before.
The most important conclusion was however that she wanted to re-experience the feeling she got from that evening. She had discovered her slutty self and wanted to explore it further. The guys had all proven very good at turning off their objectification so their friendship wasn't ruined. Maybe this was partly because they were hoping for more fun with her, but Eva was convinced that this was primarily because they were honestly nice guys and actually still respected her.
Needles to say, it therefore didn't take long for Eva to get herself back as the sexual attention of her three friends. It even became a semi-regular thing, with Eva making sure she was getting together with her her friends about once a month. Sometimes she would schedule a "date night", usually at her place. Other times she would make sure they all ended up together after a party. Most people tend to get a bit horny after a few drinks, and Eva was no exception. However, in her case she knew she had the possibility to end up naked with not one, but three hot guys. What girl could resist that temptation? She would usually start teasing them, making it clear that she now wanted them to make her a sexual object. She would even start walking differently, swaying her ass tauntingly for them. Her intentions was always perfectly clear for the guys.
She kept to her idea that to avoid jealously, it wasn't a good idea to do one-on-one with any of the guys. She also made sure to share herself equally among the three. Sometimes she would just suck them off, usually while she fingered herself, but more often she would make them take turn fucking her. She would however always make sure that they finished on her face and she absolutely loved the sensation it gave her. She couldn't get enough of it. It was like they were worshiping her slutty persona, not just accepting it but actually adoring her for it. Afterwords, she would sit back and allow them to admire their creation.
Usually they would take a few photos, either with Eric's professional camera when it was a planned thing or just with a camera phone when it was not. She didn't bother with keeping the pictures to herself. The guys had all proven trustworthy and she figured they too deserved to have something to remember the activities by. She also really liked the idea that they would masturbate to the photos. She sure did that herself, a lot.
She however made sure that she never let her female friends know about what she was doing with the guys. She sometimes thought it would be a liberating thing to tell them, because she felt like she had to hide a part of herself that she was just discovering. It was almost like distancing herself from them by hiding it. They had actually commented on how close she appeared to be with the guys these days, but she knew she couldn't tell them why. She was convinced they wouldn't understand, especially since women's rights issues were a big thing amongst most of her friends. While Eva herself was all clear about how her facial fixation in no way contradicted this, she knew a lot of women didn't feel the same way. Instead, it sometimes became a bit of a nuisance to get rid of her female friends when they were all hanging out together with the guys and Eva felt the urge to be fucked.
One of these occasions happened on Eva's 29th birthday. She had invited a few friends over for dinner, including John, Daniel and Eric. This time she had told them beforehand that she was hoping for a naughty present and made it clear that she expected them to stay on afterwards. She had even made them promise to save their cum for her for at least a week, saying that she wanted to be covered like never before on her birthday.
She also made sure she would tease them all night, knowing that the prolonged excitement would make sure they were building up for a huge climax later. By wiggling her petite little ass in her particularly taunting way, she made sure they knew she wanted to be at the center of their desire tonight. She would also squeeze their asses and even their cocks whenever she found herself alone with either one or more of them. Sometimes she would seemingly innocently stroke her round cheeks, drawing attention to her face. She thought this was much fun because she could seemingly innocently do this openly while others were around, but she knew the guys all got the message. She had put on a rich red lipstick to draw attention to her hungry mouth and she could see the lust in their eyes when she occasionally licked her lips.
But she knew she had to wait until the other guests left before she could really have her fun. Many guests started leaving around 10 pm and soon it was just the guys and two of her closest friends, Linda and Rebecca, still hanging around.
Linda was a brunette with curly hair that Eva met in high school. She had rather big breasts, at least a generous C-cup, that Eva used to be jealous of during their younger years. Nowadays Eva was all comfortable with her own size, but they would sometimes joke abut Eva's tit envy. Linda's large chest always seemed to get the attention of guys, but they usually would get nowhere with their advances. She came out as bisexual when they were around 20 and Eva couldn't remind herself seeing Linda with a guy since then. She would even jokingly call her female friends "traitors to the cause" when they hooked up with guys. It was clearly not sincere, but Eva found it particularly hard not to tell Linda about her new-found facial fascination, because she was the person Eva would most often confine in.
Rebecca was a fiery redhead. It was an obvious cliche, but Eva often thought it was really the best to describe her. She had long hair that somehow always seamed flow perfectly and her freckles added to her wild appearance. She had a rather athletic build with strong, yet very feminine legs that Eva couldn't deny she found attractive. Though Rebecca's tits weren't particularity large, just an average B-cup, her shape was most feminine. Much like Eva herself, Rebecca would always make sure to take no crap when it came to gender equality and any guy who behaved inappropriately would rapidly get his nuts chewed off, at least figuratively.
As much as Eva wanted to just tell her girlfriends that she wanted them to leave so she could continue to explore her inner slut, she knew this wasn't possible. Instead she started making up excuses, yawning and saying she had to get up in the morning. The girls were somewhat surprised and teased her that she obviously was getting old.
"You're clearly getting close to 30," Linda said.
"Yeah, you used to party all nigh girl, what happened?" Rebecca added mockingly.
Eva thought to herself that she indeed was hoping to party all night, just in a different way. She was pleased to see that the girls got the message and soon started packing up their things. The guys however all remained seated, and Linda thought this was a bid odd.
"Are you guys taking off as well?"
There was a moment of silence before Daniel quickly thought of an excuse.
"My brother is picking us up soon. I'd offer you a lift but we just couldn't fit."
Rebecca made a joke about how chivalry was dead, but they seemed to accept the excuse.
As the girls left, Eva excused herself for a moment but she soon came back, wearing nothing but her black high heels and that red, shining lipstick that made her mouth look so inviting. Usually, she would prefer to build things up but they had been secretly flirting and teasing all night and now she was eager to get her present. In her right hand, she was holding a dildo, which she put down on the table. She turned on some music, and turned it up pretty loud. She knew she was going to scream with pleasure pretty soon and hoped the music might drown it out for the neighbors.
She stood proud in front of her friends, her body all exposed and inviting. She loved to be the center of their attention, the only one naked in the room. The guys all approached her and started to caress her body, starting rather innocently with soft kisses on her neck and shoulders and light touches on her stomach and legs. They however quickly got bolder and started to greedily grab her tight ass and perky little tits. It was driving Eva crazy.
She told her admirers to undress and line up on the couch. With the teasing all evening, she had lusted for their cocks and now desperately wanted to see them all hard for her. She was also eager to show them her slutty little pussy and she sat down on the table in front of them and spread her legs wide. Her blonde pussy was neatly trimmed, leaving just a thin strip of pubic hair above it. This made her lips all exposed and she loved how they could see all the details of her.
She grabbed the dildo next to her and stroke the smooth yet firm silicone shape a few times. It was close to a real sized cock and with her eyes closed she inserted it into her pussy. Knowing that her friends were transfixed on her most private parts, she started to slowly fuck herself for them. She could feel the purple toy sliding easily in and out of her willing pussy, which was hungry for the real thing. But she was determined to tease herself and let it wait.
She took the glistening dildo out of her and moved it up to her face. She gently rubbed her cheeks with it, smearing herself with her own invigorating juice. Looking at her audience, who were all stroking themselves for her, she proceeded to insert it into her hungry red mouth. She moaned as she tasted herself. Wearing nothing but her high heel shoes, she still kept her legs spread to show her spectators her open pussy. After sliding about half the dildo in and out of her mouth a few times, she slowly inserted almost all of it. While still deepthroating herself, she winked at her friends. As she she slid the dildo out of her mouth, she grinned at her friends.
"If I insist on calling myself a slut, I should be able to give head like one, right?"
The guys didn't speak, but merely nodded at her question. They were obviously all exited about the prospect experiencing her hot mouth themselves.
"Let's try the real thing now."
She slid down on the floor in front of Eric. She grabbed it and licked along the shaft a few times before taking it into her mouth her mouth on it. She slowly worked herself down on it until most of it had disappeared into her and then looked up at Eric with sultry eyes. As she started to bob her head up and down, she also looked up at Daniel and John, who were observing her with lustful eyes. They knew it was soon their turn.
As she felt that Eric soon would have a hard time to hold back, she moved on to Daniel, who was sitting next in line. Stroking his cock, she wiggled her eyebrows flirtatiously a few times before engulfing on his cock.
"Oh fuck Eva, your mouth is so good!" Daniel said with heavy breath.
Momentarily Eva removed his cock from her mouth and smiled sultry up at him.
"Well thank you Daniel, I always love a good compliment," she said and then slid his cock back deep into her mouth, moving her lips up and down his whole shaft.
When she felt he was getting close, she removed herself from it. As she moved to John and slid his cock down her throat, she thought to herself about how good it was to be with several men at once. Even when bringing one to the brink of eruption, he would still have plenty of time to recover as she focused on another.
When she was finished with John, she sat back and looked up at the three of them. The deep blowjobs had made her drool and her lipstick was smeared around her mouth and she was well aware of just how wonderfully slutty she looked now. She loved it.
"I think I need to be fucked now," she said. "I want to fuck each of you until you almost come. And then I want your cum on my face. I've been waiting like a good girl for this all week."
She then moved up to straddle John, moaning out in pleasure as his cock slid inside her. It felt so good inside her and the thought that there were two more awaiting their turn drove her wild. She had longed for this all week and knew she deserved this pleasure.
She soon decided she wanted another one and moved to Daniel. She assumed the same position she had been in with John and then started riding. The thought that she could just move between her friend's cocks at her own will made her feel both slutty and empowered. She loved it, and as John and Daniel started touching her, she could feel she would come soon.
But she wanted to feel all their cocks inside her before she came, and she moved to Eric. She straddled him too, however this time with her back towards him.
"I want cocks for my mouth as well," she said as she slid herself onto Eric.
The fact that they had both been inside her made them even more desirable and she looked at them with hungry eyes as they approached her, John on her left and Daniel on her right. While riding hard on Eric's cock, she started to lick and suck the two cocks by her face, always holding onto both with her hands. Knowing how sultry she must look drove her crazy, and she felt an orgasm building up in her body. She egged herself on by shouting profanities whenever her mouth wasn't busy sucking on one of the cocks in front of her.
"Fuck yeah! Fuck me! My mouth! In my cunt! I want to fuck you all! God I'm such a slut!!"
Then suddenly everything changed. As she was taking Daniel's cock out of her mouth and was turning to suck on John's, she suddenly froze as she saw Linda and Rebecca standing in the doorway. Because John and Daniel was focused on Eva and her attention to their cocks and Eric was behind her back, neither of the guys would have seen them come in.
Yet, the girls had definitively seen them and what they they were up too. They were both staring at Eva, yet with completely different expressions. Linda looked utterly shocked, covering her gaping mouth, obviously unable to believe what she was seeing. Rebecca on the other hand was clearly amused by what she saw and was grinning from ear to ear. She looked like she was suppressing a laugh, presumably so she would not disturb the action she was witnessing.
Eva didn't know what to do. She was momentarily unable to move from her position, still holding on to Daniel's and John's cocks. What could she do? With the load music, she hadn't heard them come back but they had already seen her, and there was no way to graciously cover up either. They had seen her riding on Eric's cock. In fact, he must have thought that she stopped moving up and down his cock because she was tired from riding all her friends and since he obviously hadn't noticed the girls yet, he was now grabbing onto her hips and was moving her up and down his shaft. So they were technically still watching her ride his cock.
She became suddenly aware again of how good that cock was feeling inside her. Images of what she must look like started running through her mind and evoke a familiar sensation of being exposed. Here she was, riding on one of her friends while sucking off two others, holding on to their cocks as your typical porn star. And her face must look a slutty mess, because she knew she had been drooling as she sucked the guys off. The lipstick would be smeared around her lips, making it further obvious how hungry her mouth had been.
Her girlfriends were watching all this and something clicked for the exhibitionist in her. Now it started controlling her body and seemingly involuntarily, her hips started to act, helping Eric move her up and down his cock. This made her feel even more turned on and soon it was all too hard to resist. She knew she should cover up, but being watched made her too excited and the fact that she was getting so turned on by this made her feel even more slutty, which made her lust spiral out of control. She could feel the orgasm once again building in her body, and knowing that her girlfriends were witnessing her inevitable loss of control drove her over the edge.
"Oh fuck! I'm coming, I'm coming!" she screamed as she rode faster. Her body started shaking, yet she was somehow unable to divert her eyes from Linda and Rebecca as the orgasm rocked her body.
There was a moment of silence as Eva recovered and the guys were still looking at her, obviously loving to watch their blonde little friend come for them.
"Eva! What the fuck?!" Linda suddenly shouted.
This made John and Daniel turn around, forcing their hard cocks to for the first time escape Eva's grip. This drew Linda and Rebecca gaze from Eva's naked and still penetrated body to look at their erections. In particularly Rebecca seemed to take good notice of their manhoods, smiling slyly a their swaying erections.
"Shit!" John said as both him and Daniel tried to cover up with their hands. "What are you guys doing her?"
"I... I forgot my bag," Linda started. "I knocked... But no one..."
Rebecca could no longer hold back her laugh and interrupted Linda's stuttering.
"I think this is a party we're not invited to," she said, still giggling. "Come on Linda, I think it's best we go have a party of our own."
She then grabbed Linda's hand and led the still chocked woman out of Eva's apartment.
For awhile, no one said anything, but Eva eventually figured it was time to get off Eric, who's cock had still been buried inside her. She wasn't sure what to do now. Part of her wanted to run after Linda and Rebecca, but she figured it was better to let that rest for now. Besides, what would she say? That she was sorry? She very much was not. She wasn't really at all ashamed of what she'd been doing. In fact, it felt kind of liberating to let the girls see this side of her. It probably would have been better to just tell them than having them seeing it with their own eyes, especially since being watched had made her orgasm in front of them. But then again, she had obviously got a huge kick out of them watching her. She couldn't deny that. She was sure it was going to be a bit awkward next time she'd see them, but she figured that it will all work itself out. Rebecca obviously already thought it was rather hilarious and Eva started to see the humor in it as well. Thinking about how they had seen her started making Eva excited again.
"I guess we should call it a night, right?" John said.
Eva though about it for a bit and then shook her head.
"No, why should we? So we got caught, but there's really nothing we can do about it now."
The guys sort of agreed and Eva continued, rapidly slipping back into her naughty self.
"And I believe you saved up for my present all week, right?"
She started to move between her naked friends, stroking their cocks and rubbing herself against them. Soon they were all hard for her again. She then slid to the floor and started crawling towards her bedroom. Just before she reached the doorway, she stopped and turned her head towards them, still with her ass and open pussy in their direction.
"You can of course leave if you want to. Otherwise I'll be standing like this on my bed, waiting for anyone who might want to continue."
She then crawled into her bedroom and got up on the bed. By putting herself just by the edge with her ass towards the door, she made her pussy accessible and very inviting for her friends. She knew they would soon follow and awaited them with her eyes closed. It didn't take long before she heard them entering her bedroom and immediately one of them inserted his hard cock inside her.
She kept her eyes closed and somehow it excited her that she didn't know who was fucking her. She figured it was deliciously slutty to willingly be fucked without knowing exactly who it was. The though made her moan loudly, driving whoever it was to fuck her harder. And when that person had enough, the next one took his place, only leaving a very brief pause where her pussy wasn't filled.
The guys took turns fucking her, saving no strength as they pounded into her. She was screaming with ecstasy, wild from the treatment she was getting. Between the hard fucking, the thoughts of her girlfriends catching them earlier and the excitement abut her upcoming facial treatment, it didn't take long for Eva to reach climax.
"Aaaah! I'm coming! You're making me come! You're making your slut friend come again!"
As she regained control of her body, she turned around and slid down on the floor. Three eager cocks where pointing in her face and she started to lick them all clean. She then proceeded to suck them all close to the edge, moving furiously from one cock to the other. When she felt she had them all at the brink of eruption, she sat back and coyly looked up at them.
"I want my present now."
Within seconds she felt the first spurt hit her face and she leaned back and savored the sensation of cum hitting her. All naked for them, she just sat there as they erupted all over her face. She loved it tremendously and started to giggle with excitement at the seemingly never-ending stream of cum she was getting. Part of what she loved about it was thinking about what she must look like, and this would surely turn her into a slutty mess. She could feel every load hit her face, but she soon lost count of them. She knew she was completely covered and some of it dribbled down her body.
She stood up and held her arms out to let them admire the state she was in. In many ways, the feeling of wearing the facial afterwords was as good as actually getting it. It wasn't something a girl was supposed to enjoy, but instead she just loved it and she was getting such a kick out of the liberation of her friends seeing her like this. She shook her head a bit to make the strands of cum dangling from her face wiggle.
"Do I look nice?" she asked.
"Yes, very much," Eric said and the others agreed.
"Best gift a slutty girl like me could ever ask for," Eva added with a devilish grin.
As the guys most often did after they had given her the facial; they started to clean up a bit and get dressed. Eva thought it was funny that they almost acted a bit shy afterwords, but she would never covered up. She wanted them to see her like this and she kind of liked to be the only one all naked, not to mention the only one with cum on her face.
They moved into the living room again and Eva sat down on the couch table as they were making little chit-chat. She enjoyed these moments where they were just hanging out afterwords. It was to some extent resembling a bunch of friends just chilling together except she was wearing their cum on her face, obviously participating as the slutty side of herself. As Eric brought out the camera, she smiled widely and proudly pushed her chest out. She was in no way ashamed of her state and she wanted that to show in the pictures. No one had coerced her into doing any of this. If anything, she had used her female sexuality to evoke her friends lust for her, making them give her the cum shower she desired. As Eric snapped some pictures, she excitedly pointed towards the cum hanging from her chin to further accentuate how delighted she was about her gift.
It wasn't long before one of the guys brought up the embarrassment of Linda and Rebecca walking in on them. Eva giggled, knowing that while she was OK with it now, she was probably going to feel rather ashamed about it tomorrow. Still, she felt that it was also a relief that they had been caught and she couldn't deny that it was actually pretty hot. She started to recapture the events, remembering how shocked Linda had looked while Rebecca seemed to think it was actually really funny.
John awoke her from her daydreaming.
"Well, maybe it's lucky they didn't come back later. Probably would have been worse if they had seen you like this." He paused for a bit and then added on with a sly smile. "You know, with cum all over your face."
Eva chuckled but as the thought of being caught with a huge facial settled in her head, she suddenly got very aroused. So much that an audible gasp escaped her mouth. Her first instinct was to hide the the fact that this idea turned her on from her friends, but she'd probably revealed that to them already. And in her current state, she wasn't exactly in a position to hide anything. Instead, she allowed her hands to wander to her pussy as she laid back on the table and closed her eyes. Soon she was moaning loudly as she rubbed her clit, imagining Linda and Rebecca actually seeing her at that moment.
When she opened her eyes, she could see the guys standing around her. They all had their cocks out, all of them hard for her again. Eva was impressed, considering it had only gone a few minutes since they last covered her with their cum. She spread her leg for them and Daniel knelt down and inserted his cock into her wet pussy.
The guys acted ever so synchronized, taking their turn at filling her pussy with their hard cocks. Eva just lay there with her legs spread, enjoying the sensation of once again having her pussy worked at by these skillful friends. She knew she must look very slutty indeed, lying there with her face already covered with cum while they took turns fucking her.
"Oh god, I love how your cum feels on my face!" she panted. "I'm just going to lie here and spread my legs for you so you can all fuck me!"
The thought of this turned her on even more and between this and the idea of her female friends seeing her, it wasn't long before she felt yet another powerful orgasm build up.
"I'm cumming! Fuck your little slut! You're making me cum again!"
But the guys were not done yet. As she came down from her orgasm, they guided her back into her bedroom and laid her down on her bed.
"The queen needs to be comfortable," Eric said with a wink.
Eva got the hint that they had more pleasure in store for her and with a pleased grin she spread her legs invitingly for whoever wanted to enter her wet pussy. It appeared it was Eric's turn and soon he was inside her. Eva felt like she was in heaven and just laid there and allowed them to to take turns pounding her. She was ecstatic, constantly screaming out with pleasure. With a desire to be even more sultry, she started to caress herself and rub the cum into her face and tits, making her skin glow. She was feeling high with lust, at a stage were she felt she was constantly about to come. Taking their turns at her pussy, the guys kept her at the edge of another orgasm for nearly an hour. When she finally felt it overpower her, she lost all control as her body stated shaking. She wasn't able to formulate any words at that point, and just screamed out with a high pitch cry.
As she regained control of her senses, she knew her body couldn't take another orgasm.
"Oh god," she said with amazement. "I didn't know I could come so much in one night!"
She looked around the room at her friends' still hard cocks, admiring how they glistened with her own juices.
"Can you please fulfill my birthday wish and cum on me again? I just want to lie here while you cover me."
Too spent to do anything else she remained lying on her back, cherishing the anticipation of the cum she was about to get sprayed with. The guys encircled her, stroking their hard cocks. Simultaneously, they then started releasing load after load onto her body and face. As Eva felt the warm cum hit her body, she experienced an almost divine sensation. She felt as if her body was an altar, and that her three male friends were worshiping her inner slut by giving her their cum. It made her tremble with pleasure, and she opened her mouth so she could taste their gifts as they landed on her face. She was their slutty goddess, and she could feel their desire. They didn't just accept that she had this need, they adored her for letting herself be open with it. The guys moaned and grunted, obviously pleased to finally release their build up.
The flow of cum inevitably ended, even though Eva for awhile felt like it might go on for ever. She was now covered with two huge loads of cum from each of her friends, and she knew she was soaked. She shivered slightly at the erotic sensation of the cum on her body and face. Too exhausted to get up she just lied there and smiled satisfyingly at her friends.
"Should I get you a towel," John offered.
"Nah, I want to lie here like this for a bit," Eva replied. "Maybe you guys can let yourself out whenever you're ready."
The guys joked about how the queen no longer needed their service and soon started to pack up and leave. As they said goodby, Eva didn't bother to get up and just blew them a kiss.
"Thanks for letting me be this little slut," she said softly as they left.
Eva remained on the bed, enjoying the afterglow of yet another group sex session with her friends. She let her fingers softly tickle her cum covered face and body, feeling proud that she allowed herself to experience this. Her mind again drifted to her female friends walking in on them, and how they might have reacted if they saw her now. Inadvertently, her hand drifted to her dripping pussy. After the intense fucking and a record number of orgasms, she knew she should refrain from masturbating. She however couldn't resist the urge to taste herself, and moved her wet fingers to her mouth and sucked them clean. She was exhausted after all the fun, and she was almost in a sleep like state. As the taste of her own juices filled her mouth, images of Linda and Rebecca ran through her head. A single, novel thought entered her mind.
"I wonder if their pussies taste as sweet as mine."