I met Ashley during our freshman year of college. We had mutual friends and just struck up a conversation at a party. Ashley was 5'2" and thin with medium-length sandy blonde hair. Her tits weren't large, but they looked oh so perky through her thin shirt. She had an absolutely perfect ass...quite round for such a skinny girl. I noticed all these things but tried to put them in the back of my mind. I'm not really the kind of guy that's looking for a hook-up, and Ashley didn't seem like she was looking for that either. She was pretty shy, and I did most of the talking at first. We started seeing each other more frequently and eventually started dating. Once Ashley opened up, I was shocked to learn how much she craved sex. She wasn't really into watching porn or doing kinky things...she just loved to have sex.
I had always been one that jerked off fairly regularly, and that was especially true early in our relationship. But, after a couple of months, she kept my cock properly drained. But even though she was always horny, Ashley and I kept our sex life private. We didn't really care for other people knowing about something so personal. That is, until she gave me road head for the first time.
We were making the 3-hour drive to visit my family. Ashley always liked to sit in the middle seat of my truck right next to me. We were riding along and talking, and she leaned over to kiss me. Then, she decided she wanted more. I couldn't really make out with her and focus on the road, so she opted to tongue my ear. For some reason, that always drives me wild, and she knew it.
"You're killing me. You know that, right?" I said.
"Aww, I'm sorry. Is that better?" she said as she rubbed her hand across my thigh and onto the growing bulge in my pants.
I sat there quietly trying not to drive off the road while she tongued my ear and rubbed my cock through my jeans. I then reached around to grab her ass. As I did so, she quickly undid my belt and pants and stuck her hand down my underwear. For some reason, it all felt so much better than normal. The excitement was unbelievable, and I wanted more.
"You know you're gonna have to finish the job you've started."
She responded by saying, "Nah, I think I'll just go over here," as she quickly slid into the passenger seat of the truck.
I stared at her in disbelief as she just sat there like nothing happened. My eyes then had to return to the road as we were coming up on a group of cars. A minute later, I glanced over to see her rubbing her pussy through her shorts. In the few months that were dating, I'd only seen her rub her clit while we were having sex. It was hot as hell to see her playing with herself. She stared into my eyes and she pulled off her shorts and threw them at me. It wasn't uncommon for her to not wear panties because she knew it drove me wild. She leaned against the passenger side door and spread her legs so I could get a good view of her playing with her freshly shaved pussy.
She slowly rubbed her clit for minute, and then she reached over, took my hand, and guided it down to her soaking wet pussy. She took off her shirt and bra as I slowly slid in my middle finger. All of sudden, I was driving down the interstate in the late afternoon with a completely nude, hot-as-hell college freshman.
Ashley squeezed her perky tits for me and played with her almost-always hard nipples. For every second I looked at the road, I soaked in her perfect body for two seconds. I just had to see her cum, so I gradually picked up the pace as I fucked her with my finger. As I got faster, she picked up the pace on her clit. She repositioned herself so that she was lying on her back with her feet on the ceiling of the truck. Looking back on it, I'm sure every car could see those two bare legs pointing straight up in the air.
I fucked her harder and harder with my finger. Our hands were moving furiously as she screamed out that she was cumming. I slowly rubbed her pussy as she came down. Her juices were running down my arm as I pulled my finger out of her.
But, she wasn't done. After catching her breath, she said, "Okay let's do you." I was already rock hard, but somehow that statement caused a big twitch in my underwear.
I raised my butt off the seat as she quickly pulled my pants and underwear down to my ankles. The she looked at me and said, "If you don't want me to put my clothes back on, I want to see you naked in 5 seconds." I'm so thankful that I didn't get us killed while I stipped my clothes off while going 70 mph.
Once my clothes were off, she dove down on my cock and took it down her throat immediately. When we first started dating, her blowjobs were only so-so. But by this point, they were amazing. She had truly come to enjoy going down on me, which of course I couldn't get enough of. I almost came right away has she slurped on my dick. She could tell I was getting close, so she started slowly stroking my cock while she licked and sucked my balls. The whole time she did this, she kept staring right at me in the sexiest way imaginable.
Up until this point, we really hadn't paid attention to the fact that we were sharing the road with other cars and trucks. I finally realized this when I noticed that an 18-wheeler had been riding along side us for about a minute. I couldn't really see him because of the glare, but it was obvious that he could see us. Ashley noticed this, and asked if it bothered me. I told her that I was fine with it if she was.
She didn't say anything, she just sat up and turned away from me. She then got on all fours and faced the passenger side door, presenting her beautifully round ass for truck driver to enjoy. He honked his horn right after she did this.
I just kind of sat there laughing at the driver's response while I grabbed and rubbed her ass. The she said, "I want him to watch me cum." I couldn't believe my cute little girlfriend was saying this. I, of course, wasn't going to let her down though. While she rubbed her clit, I slid 2 fingers in her cunt and started ramming her as hard as I could.
"Oh, FUCK that's good!" she screamed. I've never heard her scream as much as she was screaming while that driver was along side us. Then she asked for more. I slowly slid in a 3rd finger, and she screamed even louder. I fucked her that way until I decided she needed more, and I gave her a 4th finger for the first time. She was bucking back onto my finger as she came for a second time. I slowly slid two fingers out but kept the other two inside of her.
After another minute, she spun back around and told me take the next exit. As I pulled off, she told me to find a good spot to fuck. I almost came right then. Fortunately we were in the middle of nowhere, so I just pulled off on the first side street after taking the exit. Ashley immediately jumped in my lap and sat on my cock, giving me my favorite view her ass. She bounced up and down on my cock as I reached around and played with her tits. After a little while, she moved my hands to her ass so that she could play with her tits with one hand and rub her pussy and my balls with the other. I spanked her ass and kept telling her to ride it.
"FUCK ME!" "OH, GOD!" AND "SPANK MY ASS!" seemed to be the only phrases that she could come up with.
After riding me for a few minutes, she slowly spun around on my cock to give me a view of her cute, perky tits while she would grind on my dick.
She stopped grinding me when I asked her why she wanted me to cum. She sat there for a second and then said, "I want you to cum in my mouth while a trucker watches." Again, I didn't want to disappoint, so we headed back on the highway.
Ashley told me to let her know when someone notices us and pulls along side, and then she proceeded to slowly bob up and down on my rod and rub my balls. Her ass was pointing straight in the air, so I saw it as a perfect opportunity to reach around and play with her pussy again and smack her ass.
Were about to come into town, so the interstate changed from two lanes to three. I chose the middle lane with hope that a truck would come up on each side. The first one to notice came up along the right side and settled in to look at Ashley's ass and pussy. I told her he was there, and she started bucking back into my hand while I fucked her. Every once in a while I'd look at the driver, lick my fingers, and then smack her ass. He was loving it. After a little while longer, we finally got someone to pull along the left. I'm pretty sure the first driver radioed to the others that there were some freaks and they should get there quick.
Once the second truck pulled along side, I told Ashley to make me cum. She let out a sexy moan and then picked up her pace. Her hair and ass were bouncing all over the place as her head went up and down in my lap. I couldn't hold it any longer, and I finally shot a huge load into the back of her throat. As soon as the first shot went into her mouth, she dove all the way down on my dick and gently pulled on my balls. I don't think I've cum that much in my life. My body twitched, and I let out loud moan after loud moan. Ashley slowly sucked my cock until I couldn't stand it anymore and pulled her off. I didn't realize it, but she had kept all of cum in her mouth. She sat back so that each driver could see her as she played with my load and let some of it run down her chin and onto her tits. I'd never seen her do that, and she's never done it since. Then with a big gulp, she swallowed what was left in her mouth. Then she slowly scooped up the spilled cum and swallowed it, too.
Then, like nothing had happened, she slid over to the passenger side and put her seat belt on. I couldn't say a word. After a few seconds, I was finally able to say, "Well that was nice." To which she responded, "I just figured that would be better than listening to the radio."