Arrow stepped on stage- as usual, a large crowd was waiting for them. Arrow waved, and the audience cheered as Arrow gave their standard introduction: "Welcome, ladies, gentlemen, and other miscellaneous perverts! To STRIP-OFF!"
Arrow made a gesture. Spotlights came on, and shone down on all the contestants, sitting at a see-through casino table for the viewers' pleasure. Their ankles were cuffed to their chairs, and their legs were spread open by spreader bars. Although...
Arrow scratched their head. "Seems one contestant is missing. Where is Shelley?"
As if on cue, Shelley walked on stage, walking quickly towards her seat. She was completely naked, with the vibrator still firmly embedded in her pussy and vibrating at the VIP audience members' discretion.
Shelly stopped for a moment. "Ahhh~ Please, stop~ I can't move my legs...!"
Shelley immediately began fingering her clit. Her orgasmic face was displayed on the big screen for thousands as she came before the game even began.
Arrow grinned. "That's what you get for earning two penalties within the first three games. Come on, you slut- sit down."
Shelley wobbled over to her chair, red with shame but still smiling at the pleasant sensation between her legs. Locked into the chair with her legs spread apart, she could almost feel the audiences' gazes on her pussy- it made her incredibly wet, and she squirmed about in her chair throughout Arrow's explanation.
Arrow bowed. "With that out of the way. Today, we'll be playing Black-Jack-That-Pussy!"
The crowd cheered. Niko derisively snorted. "Blackjack! Another game that's based on luck rather than skill?"
Arrow ignored her. "The rules are just like regular blackjack. I, the dealer, will deal out two cards face down to each lovely lady here to peek at. I will go around asking them to hit, or stay. Yes, splits are allowed. When they hit, I'll give them a card face up. If the sum of the numbers on the cards are over 21, you will be forced to stay. Faces are 10, aces are 1 or 11. Once everyone elects to stay, the person with the closest number to 21 without going over, wins! If there is a tie for the highest, those who tied will play again."
Lilith raised her hand. "There has to be some catch, right? Surely it isn't just blackjack...?"
Arrow laughed. "Well, of course not. What fun would that be?"
Arrow whipped out five pairs of earbuds and put them in all the contestants' ears.
Arrow grinned mischievously. "You'll all be forced to stroke your pussies to a beat while playing. The closer you get to orgasm, the faster the beat will be. There will be erotic audio in the background for your enjoyment. However, you're not allowed to cum. If you hit 21, you will be allowed a full orgasm, but if you go over, we will force you to ruin your orgasm. Stay below 21, and you'll be forced to edge helplessly..."
Felicia spoke. "So... the closer you get to 21... the closer you get to orgasm... but you may never make it there...? That just sounds like you're trying to edge us..."
Arrow shrugged. "That's one way to put it. Anyways, there are some cameras under the table so that the audience and I know what numbers you all are at, and how quickly you should be masturbating. If you cum without permission or cheat, you're eliminated immediately. Winner loses no clothing, whoever cums first or scores the worst loses two pieces of clothing, the rest lose one piece each. Ready?"
Shelley moaned out. "I'm sooooo ready..."
Arrow dealt out the cards.
Almost immediately, all five girls were assaulted with all sorts of naughty sounds in their ears, as well as a beat. Knowing that they had no other choice, the girls started stroking to the beat, all at different paces. With their free hands, they peeked at the two cards Arrow had given them.
The screen showed the girls' current number total. Shelley, who was at 20 (she drew a King and a Queen, paled when she heard her beat count- it was almost continuous. She stroked her pussy frantically, and moaned desperately as the voices of several men whispered in her ear: "Don't you wanna cum...? It'll feel soooo good..."
Arrow looked at Shelley. "You first, Shelley. Hit or stay?"
Shelley wanted to hit so badly. She wanted to just cum, even if she had to ruin it, but she knew that with the vibrator in her pussy she wouldn't get any relief anyway. Besides, she wanted to edge herself for a bit longer... "S-stay... mmm... Please let me cum, please...!"
Arrow shrugged. "Nope. Second-to last- Felicia, your turn."
Felicia was relatively calm, having a meager total of 7, though still blushing a bit. She was sensually, delicately caressing her slit at a much more reasonable pace. She was still visibly wet through her panties, which were the only scrap of clothing left on her body. "Hit."
Arrow placed a card face up on her table- a 4. Immediately, she started fingering herself a bit faster. "Mmmm..." She was groaning visibly now.
Arrow turned to Amy next, who was tied with Felicia in terms of clothing. "Hit or stay?"
Amy, who had 10, was fingering herself at a moderate pace. "Hit."
Ace dealt her a Jack.
Almost immediately, she began stroking frantically. "Ahh... Ahhh... Please, please, just a little more and I can cum...! Please... Ahhhhn!"
Ace shrugged. "You'll have to edge yourself like that until your next turn. Now, Niko?"
Niko was unlucky- she had 16. Too low to refuse to hit, but high enough that she was visibly gasping at her own speed. Even worse, she realized, she needed a 5 to win- she was fairly sure that Amy and Shelley were both at 20, considering that they were shaking their hips and begging for "just one more" so that they could cum. They were supposed to keep their numbers secret, but being drunk on stimulation loosens lips considerably.
Niko braced herself. "Hit." Arrow dealt a 3.
Niko grew even closer to orgasm, clenching her legs as she was forced to go faster. She was trying to will her body not to cum, but it was hard, even for her. She felt like she was floating, and started whimpering a little, still too prideful to beg for release.
Arrow turned to Felicia. "And now-"
Shelley interrupted them with a lewd moan. "I can't take it any more, please, I need to cum, I can't edge like this anymore, please...!"
She gasped as she finally released. A huge, gushing spray of juices flowed from her womanly flower as a week of sexual tension and teasing from her vibrator came out all at once.
Arrow shrugged. "That means you're last. Unfortunately for you, though, you still need to masturbate at that speed for the rest of the game. You lose two pieces of clothing, and another for each time you cum after. Though," Arrow chuckled, "since you have no clothing to lose, we're gonna have to bring out a LOT more toys for you..."
Shelley began edging herself again while Felicia and Lilith asked Arrow to hit. Felicia got to 17, and decided she would stay there, unaware of the other girls' scores. However, Lilith had deduced the same thing Niko did- Amy was at 20. Lilith had a total of ten, and Niko had 18, meaning she was likely to bust. All Lilith needed was a face card, and she would tie Amy, forcing a tiebreaker round and torturing the other, losing contestants further.
Face cards being the most numerous cards in the deck, Lilith was not surprised when Arrow dealt her a face card- a King. She masturbated twice as fast as before, moaning a bit, but was heartened by the fact that her strategy worked, and was thus easily able to withstand it.
Arrow turned to Niko, who was now panting and trying to keep up with the pace of the 18-card-value speed. "Hit or stay?"
Niko chose to hit- and Arrow dealt an 8.
Arrow announced to the crowd- "Bust! Now, Niko, you need to ruin your orgasm in ten seconds! Orgasm, then hands off! You will have the luxury of not having to masturbate for the rest of this game, though."
Niko's hand sped up as the audience chanted. Niko could feel the orgasm welling up within her. She was almost there, and wanted to rub her body all over while she orgasmed more than anything. Niko became even more desperate, despite her pride, and began to beg. "Please, please, I don't want to ruin my orgasm, I want a full orgasm, I'm so horny...!"
Arrow simply tapped on his watch in response. "Running out of time...! Cum, and put your hands up while you do it!"
Just as the crowd yelled, "ONE!" Niko put her hands up. She whimpered as her body twitched, then stopped. She was very unsatisfied... but she couldn't touch herself in any way until after the game.
Amy quickly shouted, "I'm staying!", with Felicia and Lilith following suit. Arrow declared, "Alright, we have a tie! Amy and Lilith both have 20, so I'm going to reshuffle the cards, and we'll play a tiebreaker round. You two can take a break. Felicia and Shelley must keep edging, and Niko, hands off!"
Amy and Lilith stopped masturbating, relieved that they didn't have to actively edge, but still horny and wanting to touch themselves. The other three girls moaned pathetically. Niko, who was still unable to touch herself, hands held high in the air, was blushing, ashamed at herself for begging to cum earlier. Shelley and Felicia were in a different predicament- squirming in their seats moaning, they both tried not to cum desperately, as they didn't want to lose any more clothing.
Arrow didn't give them much time to rest, immediately dealing out cards to both Amy and Lilith. Both of them immediately got a score of 20- Amy with two 10 cards, and Lilith with a queen and a jack.
Arrow turned to Lilith first, this time. "Stay or hit?"
Lilith was gasping and panting at the lewd sounds and sensations she was feeling in her hears and pussy, but her mind was still intact enough to register that it was EXTREMELY unlikely for her to be dealt an ace. Besides, the fact that Amy was masturbating furiously but not cumming meant that she didn't have 21. Amy decided to stay, hoping Amy wouldn't push her luck.
Amy, however, was a bold person. She never backed down. Though she was beet red from masturbating, her breasts exposed and sweet nothings being whispered into her ear, she still said, "I'll split! Hit me once on each hand!"
Amy turned her two tens over and split them. Arrow drew one card- a nine- and placed it on the first ten. Lilith knew that so long as the next card was not an ace, she would win.
Arrow drew the second card- it was an ace.
Arrow shouted out- "21! You may cum, Amy!"
Amy moaned out in pleasure as she rubbed her clit furiously, one hand on her exposed left breast. Her tongue was frantically wiggling out in front of her face, as if she was imagining someone making out with her, and she thrust her hips repeatedly as she came. Panting and exhausted, Amy smiled. "Whew... what an embarrassing workout... good thing I have good control of my pelvic muscles, or I wouldn't have lasted that long...!"
Arrow laughed. "Guess body training has more than one use, huh? Oh, everyone, stop masturbating. Time for punishments!"
Reluctantly, Felicia, Lilith, and Shelley stopped masturbating. They all squirmed in their seats, wishing that they could just cum already. With a few clicks of the remote, Arrow stripped off more pieces of the contestants' specially made suits. Lilith's midriff was exposed, leaving her in a bra and panties. A bit shy after realizing what she had done, she desperately tried covering herself up.
The other girls had it far worse, though. Despite winning over her, Amy still had less clothing on than Lilith, having lost her top last round. She had gotten used to walking around town topless, but the stares that her full, supple breasts got were intensely embarrassing for her still. Felicia, on the other hand, was stripped of her last piece of clothing, exposing her pussy for all to see, along with her meager breasts. Niko's top was stripped off, too- she snorted derisively, blushing a bit, but not covering her average-sized boobs. As for Shelley...
"You get to pick out two more toys to wear! What a treat, eh?"
The crowd cheered as Shelley smiled at the audience, shaking her hips and moaning for effect as the vibrator buzzed in her pussy. She walked up to the table, where she picked out the vibrating buttplug and the weighted nipple clamps from the remaining four options. After putting them on, she did a lap around the stage, with her two holes completely plugged and her breasts swaying with each step as the weights swung back and forth, pulling on her achingly sensitive nipples.
Arrow clapped their hands. "Alright! And, with that, we are done with today's challenge-"
As soon as they said the words, all five contestants rushed out the exit. Arrow scratched their head. "What, do you hate me that much?"
Walking outside, Arrow found a very surprising scene- most of the contestants were masturbating in public, desperately trying to relieve themselves after over half an hour of edging and sexual tension. Amy was lying on the ground rubbing herself, Niko was stepping on Amy and kneading her stomach with her foot. Niko seemed so turned on that she started rubbing one out herself, and finally got a real orgasm after being forced to ruin earlier. She covered her boobs after and stepped away from Amy, who was already finished. "Thank you..." Amy said, blushing. Niko sighed. "Just remember that I'm not your girlfriend. I just feel so damn sexy when a bodybuilder wants me to step on them and dominate them. Don't get the wrong idea."
Felicia was standing in the middle of a crowd, masturbating to Shelley, who was so turned on she was humping the air as she frantically rubbed her hands on her body. Both were flushed, being naked in public, but being the more experienced exhibitionist, Shelley was showing Felicia the ropes and making her a bit more comfortable with her naked body.
Lilith was the only one not masturbating, seemingly shy despite having her breasts and genitals covered still. She was walking with her girlfriend, Isabelle, while holding hands. They seemed to be headed home for some much-needed, private sexual relief away from prying eyes.
Arrow shrugged. "Huh. It sure is a good thing I brought my cameraman out here with me. I was thinking this episode was too short, anyways." Turning to their cameraman, Arrow winked. "See you on the next episode of Strip-Off, for our very last challenge of this season!"