It was almost noon when the sun started to peek through the edge of the blinds making Erin stir. As she saw the naked form of her best friend next to her curled up in her man's arms, the events of the previous night replayed in her head, causing her to smile and renewing a familiar dampness down below. She gingerly slipped out of bed so as not to disturb the lovers and crept off to shower.
The steam and warm water did wonders for Erin's hangover as well as her memory. As she thought more about the previous evening, her fingers brushed her nipples. She couldn't believe how hot it was to bring herself to orgasm while her best friend and boyfriend not only watched, but climaxed themselves while fixated on her. Erin's breathing became raw as her hand worked its way south. Her throat was as dry and her pussy was wet as she pumped two fingers in and out. She didn't bother trying to stifle her moans of ecstasy as she came. In fact, deep down she was hoping that the siren call of her climax would be cause for someone to join her. She didn't care at this point if it was Scott, or Laura, or both of them. Sadly, for Erin, it was not meant to be this morning, and even though the shower session had temporarily scratched an itch, she had not yet been properly fucked on this trip, and Laura and Scott's antics were causing her to walk around in a permanent state of arousal.
Scott awoke to the smell of coffee and the exquisite view and feel of Laura's exotic body spooned against his. As he marveled over her olive skin and raven hair, his manhood started to harden. He slowly moved his hand from Laura's stomach up to her chest and felt her nipple stiffen and enlarge at his touch. This elicited a soft gasp from her as she ground her hips back into his now erect cock. She lifted her leg slightly to give Scott full access to her tunnel and he was completely inside her immediately. From this position, Scott was able to keep one hand playing with her tits while the other hand rubbed her clit as his piston bore into her. This felt magical enough that neither one of them lasted very long before they came together once again. Even though they could have stayed in bed all weekend, they had the ocean outside, a boat at their disposal, and they had already spent half the day in bed.
"Good afternoon, sleepyheads" kidded Erin as the couple made their way to the kitchen counter. Erin was freshly showered but not fully dressed yet. She was wearing a teal oversized Miami Dolphins jersey that matched well with her more pale skin tone. She reached the top cupboard to retrieve coffee cups for Laura and Scott. As she did, her jersey raised enough to put her bare ass and blond landing strip in full view of her audience. Scott started to make a smart assed comment, but caught himself in time. Laura swallowed hard but acted as if she saw nothing. Erin made no mention of it as she poured coffee for the other two, even though her pussy was now absolutely on fire as a result of her exhibitionism.
Scott showered quickly and grabbed another coffee before making his way to the boat dock. If he had learned anything about his new girlfriend. It was that he would never get anything done if he had to wait on her. How she could be a delivery driver baffled him. "This girl would be late to her own funeral" mused Scott on more than one occasion. Scott wrinkled his forehead with confusion when he reviewed the rental agreement. While he expected a little bow rider or flats boat as so popular in the Keys, the reservation called for a sleek deep vee craft with a large cuddy cabin equipped with a fridge and head. Scott's co worker had made the reservation that he couldn't keep, and as it turns out, he has a toddler and a fussy wife. The only way to get them out on the water was to have a safe place out of the sun to nap and as many conveniences as is practical. While Scott did not need a 27 foot Formula, it was a holiday weekend, and every other rental was spoken for. Begrudgingly he signed the credit card slip for the luxury craft.
Scott heard the commotion of the girls walking down the dock to the boat before he saw them. He had told Laura the deal with the boat earlier when he called her to tell her which slip they were in. The sight of the girls was something to behold. They made a stop at the liquor store for a little Hair of the Dog and were walking down the dock with what looked like half the store in tow. They had enlisted the help of 2 young fishing guides to help haul their cache, and Scott was sure they didn't mind. Both girls looked absolutely stunning. Each wore a pair of boardshorts with bikini tops. Laura wore a bright pink top that contrasted well with her dark skin. The small triangles of fabric barely covered her large brown areolas, and the thin straps holding the top together seemed to struggle to keep her DD breasts in check. Erin was every bit as stunning. Scott assumed she had a set of bolt on tits, as they were perfect and absolutely defied gravity. She was wearing a thin white top that he swore he could see through. He could not wait to get them on the open water and see what type of bottoms they were hiding under the boardshorts. As they clamored up to the boat, he helped them aboard.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" exclaimed Laura as she stocked the fridge and iced down the coolers in the boat. "You don't have to impress me Scott. I was already planning on sucking your dick!" Scott didn't feel the need to explain that he would have been happier with a little pontoon boat. He was enjoying this temporary role as a big shot. He felt even more like a stud as he idled away from the marina with the two beauties on the boat with him. The sea was dead calm and the offshore breeze was perfect as the trio motored through paradise. As expected, the girls stripped off their boardshorts as soon as they were underway. Both sported matching bottoms to the mini tops. Scott had a hard time keeping from staring at Laura's incredible ass. Laura went below to mix two Margaritas for herself and Erin while digging out a beer for Scott.
Scott had heard that there was a sand bar at the mouth of the shipping channel into Islamorada where folks liked to congregate. He figured that this would be a good place to people watch without wasting too much gas. He was lucky enough to find a recently vacated spot between two boats and gently slipped the nose of his beast onto the sand bar before dropping an anchor off the stern to hold him in place. The girls moved from the engine cover to the bow of the boat on top of the cuddy cabin to catch the sun and survey the scene. Half of the ladies were topless and another half of them were bottomless as well. College aged guys on jet skis motored back and forth with beer bongs and "show us your tits" signs. Neither Laura nor Erin was shy, so they soon lost their tops as well. Scott sipped enough beer to keep his nagging hangover away and enjoyed the scene. Nothing like this occurred in his hometown in the Midwest. The more he saw Laura interacting in her element, he knew he had found a new home.
Out of nowhere Erin heard someone calling her name. Doug, her boy toy from the night before, was approaching on a jet ski. "Nice boat Scott!" he said. "If I knew you were rich, I would have let you buy all the rounds last night!" He pulled up to the stern and was helped aboard. He apologized profusely for the night before, explaining that he wasn't a huge fan of firewater, and the Rumrunners snuck up on him. He said he woke up in a bush with a security guard pulling him up by his hair. Luckily his room key was in his shirt pocket, so they were kind enough to deposit him with his buddies rather than call the cops. Scott handed him a beer and shared his hangover secret. Laura noticed how Erin brightened up immediately upon seeing Doug and was happy for her. Erin for her part had been keeping her emotions in check, as her pussy was gushing by the time he climbed aboard. Laura traded places with Doug so he could spend more time getting to know Erin and she could stay closer to the fridge, as she was now the de facto bartender. Scott helped her as she made the long step over the windshield of the boat into the passenger seat. He got a beautiful shot of her crotch that did not go unnoticed by Laura, as she gave a knowing smile and a kiss. "Later Buster!" she said with a grin.
"Doug if you hang out with us, do you have someone that can take your jet ski back to the boat ramp?" asked Erin. He picked up his phone and had a friend over to collect it in a half hour. The rest of the afternoon consisted of good music, conversation, and plenty of booze. While Scott had been taking it slow as he was operating a boat in unfamiliar waters, the rest of the crew was getting properly shitfaced. The sand bar crew started to thin out as the tide rolled in, and Laura suggested that they motor around to take in the view before sunset.
Erin and Doug stayed on top of the cuddy cabin as Scott navigated the open water. He didn't know how safe or even legal their choice of seating was, but the sea was calm, and they seemed happy. Doug was backed up to the passenger windshield with Erin in his arms. Laura stood in front of Scott with her hands on the wheel helping him navigate. With every wave, she pushed her ass against him. Occasionally she would turn her head and smile. She knew exactly what she was doing to him, and she loved every second of the torture. She pointed out an island and said it would be a perfect place to see the sunset from. Scott beached the boat in the best position to take in the view, and Laura went down below to make another round of drinks. She came up with two margaritas for Erin and Doug, and told Scott she thought the fridge wasn't getting cold enough. Scott dropped down below and opened the door to check. The fridge was cold as fuck. He started to ask Laura what she was talking about when she quickly ran her finger across his lips and kissed him. She pointed above to the invisible duo on their roof and mouthed "leave them alone."
"What about our sunset?" Scott questioned.
"We have a lifetime of sunsets." was her reply. With that, Scott turned up the music loud and had a seat below deck. Laura sat next to him and looked him in the eyes. "Thank you for doing this" she said. "Erin really needs release. If she doesn't get laid soon, you will start looking good to her, and I hate to have to fucking kill both of you!"
They both laughed and Scott reminded her that Erin was looking good to both of them last night, and they were probably a drink away from a threesome. Laura nodded in agreement and replied "Baby steps, lover. Baby steps."
Laura closed off the doors to the cabin and fixed more drinks. The sound of waves lapping on the hull was hypnotic. She sat next to Scott and kissed him passionately. After a moment Scott noticed something from above and pointed above. Directly above them on the closed Plexiglass hatch, was Erin's bare ass pressing against it. Scott quickly turned off all the lighting below to make the most of the dwindling sunlight above. They could plainly make out Erin's pussy and Doug's fingers penetrating her. Both were hypnotized by this foreplay, and they both knew from the earlier boat tour that Erin was very aware that the two hatches were completely see through from below. Erin had lined herself on top of the hatch on purpose. Just knowing this fact ratcheted up the kink level for the lovers. Laura and Scott watched in awe as they had the perfect view of Doug's stout cock penetrating Erin's waiting pussy.
Laura was happy to see her friend getting laid and extremely horny having a front row seat. Laura stripped off her bottom and sat on Scott's cock in a reverse cowgirl position so she could see the show. Scott was happy to fondle her tits with both hands as he pumped into her from behind. What a show it was. Doug slammed into Erin like only a 24 year old stud with a good beer buzz could. Laura's pace with Scott was deliberately slower so as to savor every minute of the ride. When Erin's cheeks raised up from the glass and slammed down with force as Doug thrusted into her, they knew she was finally getting what she needed. They saw the movement stop and Doug pull out of her. When their mixed creampie dripped onto the glass hatch from Erin's exposed pussy, it was too much for Scott, who released his load into a moaning Laura.
Scott and Laura took a minute to clean up and made enough noise coming back above as to not surprise anyone, even though Erin knew exactly what they had seen. By this time the sun had set, and twilight was upon them. Laura handed them fresh drinks and asked how they enjoyed the sunset. "I don't know if you saw anything but the moon from below," said Erin seductively. Scott suggested that it was time to make it back to the marina. He suggested with a wink to Laura that Erin show Doug what was below deck in the cuddy cabin. He had turned the lights in the cabin back on, so anyone unaware would not realize the plexiglass hatches were see through in the darkness outside. As those two closed the cabin behind them, Scott took Laura in his arms as they guided the craft back home.