Vishal changed into a t-shirt and long pair of shorts, his usual attire at home. He was too embarrassed to leave his bedroom and face Nisha again, after she had seen him with nothing but a small towel around his waist. But hunger soon got the better of him, and he decided to venture to the kitchen to get breakfast.
As he walked to the kitchen, he noticed that his sister was sitting alone in the living room, talking on the phone. Where had Nisha gone, he wondered. He rushed into the kitchen, complaining, "Mommm, I'm hungry!" only to find himself almost bumping into Nisha.
Nisha smiled at him. He blushed.
Mom was behind the stove, her back to Vishal. She momentarily turned around to look at him, "Of course you're hungry. I was wondering when you'd be done getting dressed. Look, Nisha already washed up and changed, and she started helping me in the kitchen. You kids need to learn so much from her."
Vishal looked at Nisha, her angelic face framed with damp curls. He noticed that she had changed out of the conservative salwar kameez that she had arrived in, and was now wearing a short-sleeved t-shirt and a knee-length blue skirt. The t-shirt was form-fitting without being tight, and it was short without being a crop-top, ending at her waist just where the skirt started. As she bent over the sink gently rinsing the vegetables, a small sliver of her lower back and the sides of her waist were peeking out. She apparently sensed him looking at her, as she turned to look at him and smile. He averted his eyes.
Mom continued, "Anyway, I'm getting started with lunch so I can't help you. Take the upma and chutney from the counter and help yourself."
Vishal wasn't used to helping himself, and opened his mouth to complain again, when Nisha interjected, "I'll help him, aunty."
She wiped her hands dry, came up to Vishal, and placed a hand on his shoulder. He froze. She had a nice fresh smell. He wondered what soap she used. He then realized that he was staring at her t-shirt and immediately looked up at her face. She was still smiling. "Go sit at the table, Vishal. I'll bring you a plate of upma."
As he was leaving the kitchen, he heard his mom grumbling about how spoilt he and his sister were.
Vishal sat at the dining table. Nisha followed soon after with a plate of upma and a bowl of chutney. She pulled a chair close to him and sat down. He started eating, feeling self-conscious. She started making small talk.
"How is school?"
"It's OK."
"Are you studying for your engineering exams too?"
"Yeah."
"Rita tells me you're a whiz at math and computers."
"Yeah, but I always seem to have trouble with chemistry."
"I love chemistry. I can help you out."
"That's OK."
"Come on, Vishal. It would be a pity if you get a low score due to Chemistry. Let me help you."
Vishal was quiet. He was already feeling flushed that she was sitting so close to him.
"Vishal, you should feel grateful that Nisha is offering to help you out," his mom interjected from the doorway between the kitchen and dining rooms. He didn't realize she was there.
"OK", he mumbled.
"Don't worry, aunty. He'll be a pro at chemistry soon," Nisha assured his mom, and then she got up and ruffled his hair as she headed back to the kitchen. Vishal couldn't get over the fact that she was treating him like a child.
He finished eating, and yelled to his mom that he was going down to play cricket. She told him to be back within 2 hours; they were going shopping. He didn't want to go shopping, but his mom reminded him that they had to get him some new clothes for the pooja season.
Vishal returned around 2PM. His mom was having her afternoon nap. Rita informed him that mom had been annoyed that he hadn't returned yet. He went to the dining table for lunch, the rest of them having finished eating. Nisha brought him a plate again. But before he could sit down, she held his arm and stopped him.
"Vishal, look how you're sweating. Your shirt is soaked. Let's take it off."
She held the bottom of his t-shirt and stated pulling it up. Vishal was shocked and immediately held his shirt down.
"Vishal! You can't sit here with wet clothes."
"I'll.. I'll go change."
"No. You're already late for lunch. Don't tell me you're shy." She sounded like she was daring him.
Rita was now standing at the table, watching with a smirk on her face. Vishal didn't want Nisha to think he was shy. He slowly let go of his shirt. Nisha gently lifted it up, and waited for him to raise his arms. He did so obediently, while she peeled it off him. As it cleared his head, he noticed that her t-shirt momentarily lifted up as she reached above his head, and he could see a few inches of her bare tummy, including her belly button. He began feeling aroused. He hoped she wouldn't notice the tent that was now forming in his shorts.
"There, that's much better," said Nisha, as she draped his damp t-shirt over her arm. She was blatantly looking at his bare chest, and her smile had returned. He suddenly felt acutely embarrassed, but resisted the temptation to cross his arms. "Now how about the shorts? You can take them off too if you'd like. You'll feel much better without them in this heat."
Vishal was shocked at the suggestion that he strip down to his briefs in front of her. He mumbled a no and immediately sat down, going red in the face. She served him lunch and he ate quietly. It unnerved him the way she had so casually stripped him and was now blatantly watching him as he ate, topless. He felt a strange tingling in his chest and his nipples. She started making small talk again.
"I don't know why you even bother with a shirt, Vishal. My brothers never wear a shirt when they're home or playing outside. It's so hot and humid and you boys sweat so much."
"Oh, Vishal is just shy," Rita responded, grinning.
"I'm not shy!" Vishal exclaimed, going beet red.
"You have no reason to be shy. You look cute." Nisha rubbed his bare shoulder softly. This was all getting too much for Vishal. He quickly gulped his lunch, but his throat was suddenly feeling dry and he burst into a fit of coughing. Nisha immediately got up and gave him a glass of water.
"Eat slowly, Vishal" she said kindly, as she started rubbing his bare back. She rubbed his back from just below his neck, all the way down to his lower back. Her strokes went longer and longer each time, creeping further down his back, until he felt her soft fingers reaching a little into the waistband of his shorts. Vishal shivered. He felt his penis straining against his shorts again. On the next stroke, her fingers went down the back of the shorts until they grazed the waistband of his briefs. He was now getting a full blown erection.
"I'm..." He cleared his throat. "I'm OK now."
She smiled at him and sat down again.
By the time he finished eating, his mom returned from her nap.
"Vishal, what happened to your shirt?!" His mom had a concerned look on her face.
"Aunty, it was soaked. I asked him to take it off," Nisha answered. That was apparently satisfactory for his mom, and her expression turned normal again.
"We'll be leaving for the clothes shop in an hour or so" his mom said. "You can change into a good shirt at that time."
Rita went to the living room and started watching TV. Nisha helped clear the table, while Vishal's mom once again complimented her on her upbringing, Vishal wanted to join his sister and watch TV, but shirtless as he was, he decided to go back to his bedroom and read a book instead. It felt strange sitting bare-chested on his bed, and he couldn't focus on his book at all. He kept thinking about the way Nisha had stripped his shirt off, and had smiled at him after she did. The way she had rubbed his bare back almost down to his bottom. He kept pressing the book down at the erection in his shorts.
At 4PM, his mom announced that it was time to go, and Vishal donned a shirt, relieved. He left the bedroom so Nisha and Rita could get dressed too. Nisha came out first, dressed in a pretty salwar kameez, while Rita took much longer with her makeup. Nisha sat with Vishal in the living room and started reading a magazine. He noticed how radiant her face looked with no makeup on. Her outfit pretty much covered most of her body, and yet the kameez (tunic) was form-fitted enough to show the curves of her breasts, and the slits at the side were cut high, almost to her hip. Through the slits, the salwar (thin long pants) could be seen as it conformed to the shape of her thighs and calves, until her ankles emerged from the bottom.
Vishal never thought he could be aroused by the sight of someone in a salwar kameez, and yet he was.
They soon arrived at the clothing store. Vishal was bored as the women browsed through the salwar kameezes and sarees. They shopped for a new salwar kameez for Nisha first, which his mother insisted on paying for. Nisha refused to buy anything else. Then they started shopping for Rita's clothes, and this was taking much longer. Vishal started whining that he wanted to go to the men's section, but his mom wanted him to wait.
"He still doesn't know how to pick good clothes," his mom explained to Nisha. "I let him buy the stuff youngsters call clothes these days by himself, but he needs a good pair of shirt and trousers for pooja."
"Don't worry, aunty. I can go with him. I'll make sure we pick some good clothes for him." Nisha ruffled Vishal's hair. He hated the kid treatment. "You can check whether you like them once you're done here, before we pay for them."
"I'm sure I'll like anything you pick, Nisha. You're such a mature kid."
"Thanks aunty. Come on, Vishal, let's go."
As they turned to leave for the men's department, his mom suddenly remembered something.
"Oh, and Nisha, I almost forgot. He needs a new set of briefs too. I don't know what he does to them, but he goes through them so quick."
Rita giggled, while Vishal blushed a deep red.
"Make sure they're the same kind he wears now."
"Sure aunty, I'll take care of it."
Nisha took Vishal's hand in hers, and happily headed to the men's department.