Ashley was a beautiful girl with a beautiful body. She is 19 years old, light brown hair, tan skin, and sparkling blue eyes. She is about 5'8 and has bubble butt. She has a shaved pussy and has size D breasts. She is daring and enjoys the rush of flashing, but her family does not know about her secret naked life. When her parents are at work and her sister Julia isn't home she would go out and wear tiny, revealing clothing and never wear panties or a bra. She would get a tremendous amount of looks in her home city of NYC.
There was one time all she wore was a micro thong that didn't even cover up her pussy lips or her asshole when she bent down. It was like pink fishing line. And on top she wore a see through white top. That day she went out there were people stopping and taking pictures and video and Ashley loved it. During that walk she got noticeably wet with her juice coming down her legs which bystanders got a great view of. At home she was a nice girl that dressed normally. Her parents had no idea about her exhibitionist lifestyle.
She loves the feeling of being exposed. The adrenaline rush of being caught flashing or walking around town in barely legal clothes is like Ashley's drug.
--------------------------------------
Today was Ashley's older sister Julia's birthday. All her family, Julia's friends, her parents friends, and co-workers were going to be there a there apartment in NYC. A total of around 50 people were coming to the party. It was all going to be videotaped by a small film crew because my parents wanted to remember every bit of Julia's 21st birthday in high definition.
Ashley was upstairs in her room with Julia's friends next door and the party downstairs. She was wondering what to wear.
Ashley had a nice collection of tiny and barely legal clothing in her closet, which was a secret from her family. She was feeling really horny today and wanted to expose herself to the strangers of the party a reveal her true self, but was nervous.
She looked in her closet and found a sweater like dress that went down to the middle of her thighs. It was perfect. That is all she wore. She could feel the breeze on her pussy and the openness made Ashley turned on.
She was in her room and the first thing she wanted to do was daringly go to Julia's room where all her friends were and say happy birthday.
Before going Ashley looked in the mirror. She was dressed so lightly and the thought of being seen in front of so many people and strangers made her wet.
She left her room and turned right and slowly entered Julia's room. As she entered the room there were a few girls on there phones on the floor. They didn't notice Ashley's lack of clothing. She knew if she stood near them they could easily see her butt under the dress. She sits on the bed near the girls and says happy birthday to Julia and starts talking to the girls.
Ashley starts to feel more daring and gets up from the bed and walks near the girls. A girl then asks if she wants to see a picture that was on her phone.
When she tried to sit down her dress went up and her whole pussy was exposed, but no girls noticed.
Ashley starts to get daring again. She then stands up and goes under the blankets of the bed saying she is tired. Being the horny girl she is she takes off her dress under the sheets of the bed. She tosses it under the bed where it is out of reach. She was really wet now. There was nothing she could do to get her clothes unless she got out of bed naked which would definitely get her caught by the girls.
She was under the blankets of Julia's bed completely naked. She then started to masturbate. She was becoming so wet and the girls started to notice Ashley doing something under the bed.
Then out of nowhere the camera crew and then all 50 guests including her parents come into the room to surprise Julia by bringing her gifts early.
Julia was ecstatic and Ashley was buck naked under the blankets with a camera crew, family members, and strangers in the room. She started to panic.
The guests, parents, and Julia's friends wanted to Ashley to give the first present since she was her sister.
But Ashley kept on saying she will go last because she wanted to give the best present for last. She was so embarrassed and yet she still was masturbating under the blanket while everyone was telling her to get up and give Julia her present. The camera crew was capturing every minute of the scuffle. Then her mom says, "What are you doing under there anyways"?
She was on a brink of a squirting orgasm when her mom ripped the blanket off the bed and everyone gasped.
When her mom ripped the blanket off of the bed Ashley was there full on naked with her bald pussy and big tits that had rock hard nipples lying on the the wet sheets of Julia's bed.
The camera crew zoomed in on Ashley's privates and then Ashley was out of control. She was about to have a raging orgasm and was still fingering her pussy fast and hard in front of 50 strangers and family. Everyone was stunned.
She then turned around with her ass out and up towards the crowd, cameraman, and her mom who was 2 feet away from her anus and bald pussy. Her mom was still speechless. Her co-workers will be talking about this until she dies. Her gaping pussy that was filled with her fingers was getting video taped by the camera crew which would eventually end up on the internet and the camera crew was especially zooming in on her bald, wet pussy, and pink anus.
Moaning loud and screaming "I'm a dirty whore" her pussy lets out a squirting orgasm on her mom, Julia, and her friends. They were frozen. This teenager was so nice and respected and this act made them all dumfounded.
Then taking one hand out of her pussy and putting it in her tight pink asshole and the other spreading her cheeks she lets out another squirting orgasm all over her mom's face.
Almost immediately after that orgasm she puts both fists in her pussy and her asshole and lets out another squirt that goes farther than mom and lands on her co-workers. At this point everyone had their phones out recording the whole scene and uploading it on various social media.
On that final squirt she collapses still with her butt sticking up and her head down. Still conscious, she hears all the talking in the background on how she is a dirty slut and whore and how she is a disgrace to the family. Ashley was so embarrassed yet this made her horny even more.
With her butt still up all the guests get up close and start to take close pictures and videos of her ass and face.
Her family still watching could not take the embarrassment and leave the room.
Ashley could not move after those strong orgasms and Julia's bed was soaking wet in Ashley's juices. One of the women there had a little vibrator in her purse and said, "let's teach her a lesson on how to behave". Ashley unable to move from exhaustion could not stop the women from putting the XL filled water bottle deep into her anus. Her butt still sticking up in a vulnerable position gets inserted slowly as the asshole expands to the mega size of the full water bottle. Ashley is screaming in pain and horniness. Slowly moving it back and forth her anus was sore. After ten minutes of fucking her ass with the bottle the women takes the bottle out and takes off the cap and starts sticks the water bottle in her ass and all the water starts to go into her sore pink asshole. While doing this she starts to slap her ass. The women says to hold the water in or she will be punished. Ashley tries.
But she could try no longer when the woman sticks a vibrator in her pussy.
She felt another orgasm coming. She started to shake from the vibrator and then out of nowhere she screams as another squirting orgasm comes out of her pussy as well as her asshole that is now swollen and leaking. The water continued to come and Julia's bed now had a puddle of Ashley's cum on it. The guests were not finished though.
The women had another surprise in store. The guests then began to pick her up and take her outside the apartment building where there was a parade broadcasted on ABC and all over the news. The women takes out a vibrator and sticks into her ass and then her husband, who is a police officer, takes his handcuffs out and puts them around her wrists. Ashley is screaming for mercy when they take her out of the building where soon thousands of people in person will soon see her nude and wet in her own cum as well as millions on tv.
They open the door and there is a crowd of people. They go near a lamp post and then get another pair of handcuffs and connect handcuffs to the lamp post and her ankle. The guests go back inside and leave her out and plan on coming back in an hour. She was now bright red as the news crew from the party was videotaping the whole thing as well as the major news crews. The crowd starts screaming "slut", "whore", and some laugh while others go near and touch.
Ashley was now shaking from the vibrators inside her. And was about to squirt in front of all these people.
She lets out a moan and screams "Ahhhhhh" and starts to squirt all over the ground and lamppost. Her legs were soaking wet and as well as her body. The crowd was also videotaping and taking pictures while she continuously squirting for minutes straight without control of the vibrator in her ass.
After done squirting the vibrators were still on because the guests ditched her and didn't plan on coming back anytime soon.
The crowd started to touch her nipples and pussy which made her start to orgasm again. People in the crowd were amazed on how many orgasms she was having.
A CNN cameraman got in close and zoomed in on the squirting orgasms she was having. Ashley was so humiliated, embarrassed, and disgraced. Yet she asked for this.
The women came back outside with her husband and took the handcuffs off and the vibrators from inside her and walked the exhausted Ashley to the park nearby. She was walking through crowded streets where she was being slapped in the ass and called dirty names. The women, who went to the store to get ropes, had a final punishment for Ashley.
Ashley was so dehumanized at this point she thought nothing could be worse than what just happened.
Ashley was then walked over to the monkey bars where parents and little kids stared at the bare Ashley with her tight pussy and her swollen asshole.
The women tied Ashley's wrists to the monkey bars. Ashley was hanging from the monkey bars from her wrists, Then her legs came up and were tied to one side of the monkey bars and the other tied to the other side. Ashley was flexible remember, she was in a split, and now her asshole and pussy were so vulnerable.
Ashley was nervous now, she didn't know what the women was going to do to her. And she could be used by anyone at anytime and she could do nothing.
Then out of nowhere her mom, dad, and Julia come to the park.
"You're going to get what you deserve said Ashley's mom.
She takes out a whip and starts to whip her back. Ashley was screaming and begging for mercy.
Then after 20 slashes
She starts whip her tits.
"Is this what you like you dirty whore daughter", said her mother.
After another 20, Ashley's dad takes over.
This is all happening in a public park with at least 40 bystanders watching and videotaping.
Ashley was pleading for no one to watch but the crowd grew larger and the parade was coming near.
Her dad starts to whip her anus and pussy. Ashley screams loud when this starts. But then she starts to feel a tingling. Is she really going to orgasm from this. That would be unexpected and everyone will think she is the dirtiest whore in the city. On the 15 lashing the parade passes the park and the news crew finds Ashley. The crew gets closer and videotapes the whole scene and nakedness of Ashley. All this gets her aroused and even though she was being whipped at her pussy and pink butthole. Also, her anus and pussy being whipped was being broadcasted on all major news stations where the whole country could see how much of a slutty whore she is.
People started coming from the parade to watch Ashley's parents teach her daughter a lesson.
With half the country watching at home and thousands watching up close on the final lash Ashley lets out a scream and squirts all over herself and some reaches her dad. Everyone was in shock and her no one could believe she was getting aroused from this. Her parents had enough and left her there on the spot. The women came by and put the 2 vibrators into her ass and left to go home.
Ashley was hanging for 1 more day where she experienced 83 more orgasms before her parents coming back and taking her down to tell her that they threw all her clothes out and would be going to school and everywhere naked with a vibrator in her at all times in public.
Ashley now felt like a slave.