SIDLEY PREPARITORY SCHOOL
CHAPTER 2
by Musings of Pan
Author's note: I hope you will read chapter 1 of this story so what is happening will be clear. This is the second section of documents discovered which report on an investigation of a private school. All participants in this story are over 18.
3RD REPORT
The second report must have been lost because it was not in the case. However there was a third report which covers the second school term.
Mr. P.
As you requested we brought up your concern that perhaps it is not proper for young ladies to know that much about sex to the dean of women, Ms. Carter. Her reply was that Sidley takes pride in preparing both young women and young men for the challenges they will face in life and sex is an important part of life. She stated that the more a young woman knows about sex, the better prepared she will be. She then went on to point out that not many decades ago it was not thought proper for young women to study mathematics and philosophy but now it is quite common. She did admit that an intelligent young woman may not let it be known how much she knows.
We are continuing our detailed examination of the practices at Sidley with our two students Susan and Michael. Our last report covered their diary entries for the remainder of the first term. They had a short break at their homes and the entries here are their experiences in their second term at Sidley.
MICHAEL'S DIARY
Back to school again. The two weeks went too quickly. My parents dropped me off at the door to Sidley as we were instructed. This time I did not pack much because I knew I would not be wearing much. On entering the building I was told to be at a meeting at 2:00. So I hung out with some of the other second term students in the common room.
At 2:00 we all filed into the meeting room. The chairs were in rows all facing forward and the girls were instructed to sit on the right side of the room while the boys were directed to the left. Mr. Harris entered and welcomed us back to Sidley. He went on to remind us of the rules regarding nudity and respect for other students. Then he asked if there are any questions. John Peterson put his hand up and asked when he could get a girl to sit on his face. Mr. Harris told him to speak to his room mate about that.
While he was talking Ms. Carter was passing out white paper cards to the girls. Each girl was to write her name on a card and they were collected. All the cards were placed in a large bag which was shaken to mix the cards. Then the boys were told to come up one by one and pull a card out of the bag without looking. The boy would then read the girls' name aloud and she would join him. Ms. Carter stood at the door passing out room keys to each couple as they left.
I drew the name Mary Sloane and was pleased. She is a very pretty girl, as tall as I am but with long hair and a slim waist which makes the most of her bust and hips. She was dressed in a blue tank top with bra and blue shorts. We were given the keys to room 322.
On the way to our room we were talking about how we felt the beginning of the first term when we found only one bed in the room. We had a good laugh about that now that we are so much more experienced. When we got in the room we had some additional surprises. There were two desks and chairs, and one large bed but in addition there was a strange looking swing hanging from the ceiling. Also a peg board on one wall held a variety of what looked like sex toys.
"Well," said Mary, "I guess we haven't experienced everything yet." With that she stripped off her clothes and said, "Come on, I haven't had a cock inside me for two weeks."
SUSAN'S DIARY
I got to school after the break feeling comfortable and that I knew the routine. A few of us took off our tops for the first meeting just to show that we were Sidley girls. Steve Deckker drew my name out of the bag. He is a tall good looking boy with dark hair and a smile that would melt any girl. We went up to room 302. When we got there another surprise. The room was furnished like a sex pad. A wall with an assortment of vibrators, blind folds, cloth ties, leather clothes, a whip, dildos, and some items I couldn't identify. Also, a strange looking swing hanging from the ceiling with an open seat and straps which appear to be for feet. This looks like an exciting year!
Looking at all that stuff and Steve I was starting to get wet and tingly but he wanted to go meet some of his friends to organize a soccer team so the fun will have to wait until tonight. Betty popped in to update about what happened during the school break. She was also topless. After awhile the discussion came to how our breasts compared. We ended up giving each other a thorough breast massage.
I left my room heading for the common room to see who else I could chat with when Doug stopped me in the hall. "Susan, can I ask you something?" he stuttered. Doug is very shy. I really don't know how he manages at Sidley. Now he was looking at me like he had never seen breasts before. "Was wondering if.." he trailed off.
I don't know why it is but I have a thing for helpless boys and I knew if I didn't take charge of this conversation we would be here standing in the hall all night so I said, "You want to fuck me?" He smiled and nodded.
I took him by the hand and led him into my room. Then I stripped off my shorts and panties and said, "You better get out of your clothes and put on a condom."
I got on my hands and knees on the bed with my ass toward him giving him a good view of my slit. I felt his hands tremble when he came up behind me and put them on my ass. Having not had a good fuck for two weeks I was wet and ready by now. I reached back for his cock and guided it into me. He reached around me and fondled my breasts.
About that time Steve came into the room. He stopped short and said, "Oh, sorry." I told him, "It's all right, you can watch." So he sat on a chair stroking his cock while he watched us fuck. That made the session even hotter.
MICHAEL'S DIARY
The next morning I woke to the feeling of someone holding my dick. Mary was cuddled up to me with her hand stroking my penis. When she knew I was awake she rolled on top of me in a 69 position and started sucking. I reciprocated by licking her slit and clit. Then she moved toward my feet to put her pussy above my cock in a reverse cowgirl and lowered herself into a nice morning fuck. When we were finished I told her, "I think I like having a liberated woman who will take what she wants."
"You like a liberated horny woman."
"Yes."
The school day began with Algebra, then Civics. I enjoyed gym class watching all the boobs and cocks flop as we played volleyball. Since gym is nude and I had only one other class, English, before Sex Ed I just went to English naked. I noticed most of the class was naked for the same reason.
Our Sex Ed teacher opened the class by saying "Did you notice anything different about your rooms for this term?" Everyone laughed. She went on to say that since we covered basic sex last term for this term we will explore some more advanced practices and the equipment which is used. I think she had everyone's attention by now but it got even better when she said today we will learn how to use the swing. There was a swing hanging from the ceiling in the center of the room which was just like the one in our room.
She asked for a couple to volunteer to demonstrate. Paul stood and reached out his hand to Emily who went with him over to the swing. The teacher showed Emily how to buckle a wide strap under her bottom and around her waist so she wouldn't fall out. Then she placed each of Emily's feet in a foot loop which raised and separated her legs. "This is just like a Gyne exam." she said.
Next she had Paul sit on the floor between Emily's legs and lick her slit while she rocked gently. Once they were ready Paul stood and entered Emily. He could rock her to produce in and out strokes. Paul then found that he could cause the rocking motion by holding Emily's breasts. Both seemed to be enjoying the swing.
Our homework assignment was to try the swing in our room and report on the experience. Mary and I headed for our room to get started on the homework.
SUSAN'S DIARY
The sex swing demonstration in class really fascinated me. Steve and I went back to our room talking about it. It took some effort for me to get into it the first time but I was excited. Once in the swing, Steve came to my very wide open pussy and licked me while inserting his fingers. I had my first orgasm. Then he came around to my head so I could lay back and take him in my mouth. When he got back to my pussy and inserted his cock it was fantastic. I have never felt a fuck like that. The freedom of the swing and the changes of angle when the swing moved were a completely different feeling. I had orgasm number two.
Then we found that I could be moved into totally different positions in the swing each of which had a new feel. I had orgasm three. Finally, with me turned on my stomach with ass in the air he took me in the ass and I had orgasm four. Wow! This is going to be a great school term if we don't wear out the swing.
MICHAEL'S DIARY
We settled into a school routine in which each day was so similar to the past and the next that there is little to report. Hugging the nude girls was a fun practice we adopted. It became normal when a boy and girl met instead of shaking hands they would hug pressing penis and boobs against each other. It actually encouraged more meeting.
One evening we were hanging out in the common room, a mixture of about a dozen boys and girls when Cecil got up and announced that he had to go pee. Jane piped up, "I have never seen a boy pee, can I watch? The stall doors are always closed."
Cecil responded, "I have never seen a girl pee. You can watch me if I can watch you."
"Wait a minute," I said, "What about the rest of us. We would all enjoy that."
It was obvious that the bathroom stalls were too small for that many people. Then someone came up with the idea we would all meet in the shower room naked. It was agreed. Everyone went to their rooms to ditch their clothes and gathered in the shower room.
Cecil who had started this organized things. "The boys will go first. We will all line up and pee. The girls can watch from as close as they want." So we all held our cocks and tried to pee which is hard to do in a room full of girls even when you are accustomed to being naked. Finally one by one we each got a pee stream going. Betty came up beside me and asked if she could hold it, so there I was peeing with a beautiful red head holding my cock.
When we were finished Cecil said, "Okay girls your turn." The girls lined up and tried to pee standing up. They were having the same problem we had plus the fact that few of the girls had ever peed standing up. Finally Mary produced a stream coming out of her crotch. That broke the ice and all the girls started. Most of the girls stood with legs wide apart to avoid peeing on themselves but some just let the pee run down their legs. It was educational. We finished by all taking showers to clean up ourselves and the shower room floor.
SUSAN'S DIARY
I have had to be really hitting the books hard to keep up with homework. Particularly Geometry and Chemistry. The teachers don't let us slack off occasionally like we could in my previous school. Sex Ed of course is always a delight. We went through how to use all the sex toys on our wall and practiced in the evening when other homework wasn't in the way.
Today when I arrived in the Sex Ed room for class I found it full of long padded tables. This was different. Our instructor explained that we were going to learn to give a sensual erotic massage. She had all the boys lay on their stomachs on the tables with their towels under them. We girls were to give the first massages.
We followed the instructions as we put a fragrant oil on our hands and a little on our partner's back. Then I stood at the end with his head and stroked the oil into his neck, shoulders, and arms. Soft music was playing to enhance the mood. As I reached over Steve's head leaning down to go lower on his back my boobs were rubbing on his head and neck.
Then, as instructed, I moved to the side of the table where I could stroke his lower back and then his butt. Extra oil on the butt and don't forget an occasional slide between the cheeks. Moving down I started with his right foot, getting it oily and then a good massage. Up his calf slowly and up his thigh kneading the mussels and occasionally bringing my hand up over his balls. The same thing with the left leg. Steve was sighing contentedly.
Now Steve's back was covered with oil. The instructor said to oil our boobs and give him a massage all over with out breasts. I started with his shoulders and moved back and moved side to side down his entire body spending extra time on his butt.
The boys turned over and I saw that Steve had a good erection. Obviously he was enjoying this as much as I was. I felt a trickle of my wetness running down my leg. I started at the top of the table leaning over him to stroke his chest with some extra time on his nipples. Only now as I went lower my boobs were dangling in his face. He didn't seem to mind and I certainly didn't.
Moving to the side of the table I did his stomach but was told to avoid his cock for now and proceed with his legs. I did manage to touch his balls and cock briefly when moving up his thighs. Now the breast massage on his front. That was even more fun than on his back. Finally I took his cock and balls in my hands and gave them my full attention until he twitched and shot cum in the air.
That was a fun class. I can't wait until tomorrow when we girls get to be massaged.
MICHAEL'S DIARY
I thought the Sex Ed massage was great both receiving Susan's very sexy attention and the next day stroking all over her body while listening to her sigh and build up to a shuddering orgasm. But the following day we did something which was just as good.
When we entered the room the tables were gone and the folding chairs back. We were told we would be learning something called tantric sex. We boys sat on the chairs on our towels and the girls straddled our legs to sit facing us. We looked into each other's eyes while we synchronized our breathing. Then while still breathing together I reached down to stroke Susan's slit while she gently stroked my cock. When I was hard she moved up and lowered herself so my cock was in her. No up and down movement, we just sat there for several minutes just enjoying the sensations and breathing. Susan started clenching and releasing her vagina while I moved my cock in time with her. We were told that the purpose was not to cum but to enjoy the intimate pleasure as long as possible. I guess I have a ways to go with that because I came inside her after a few minutes. But practicing to get better will be fun.
Mr. P this all of the reports we have received to date. In our opinion Sidley is an excellent school. Of course we will forward to you additional reports as they become available.
Sincerely,
Johnathan Rockford
Principal, Rockford Investigation Agency
I had no way to search for subsequent letters so I was not able to find out if Mr P decided to send his children to Sidley Preparatory School.