Stripper
Part 1
Last year when I visited her I ended up going to a strip club one night. Actually I went to two. The first one was just horrible, so I quickly left, then I tried one more before going back to the hotel, and it paid off. I ended up in a private room with a stripper. She was smart, funny and hot. After some discussion it turned out that, while probably not quite appropriate, for an extras were available for an extra 'tip'. And they were worthwhile.
But that was last year, the same year that I shared an incredibly intimate and hot afternoon with my friend. This year I was visiting again and we didn't really talk about what happened last year. Which was fine. I just wrote it off as a fun experience and memory.
One afternoon we were chatting and she brought up the night I went to the strip club last year. I had of course, told her all about it. So, the obviously question I asked was, want to go tonight?
'Can't think of any good reasons not to,' she said. And so that was that!
The club was in a mall so there were a few places to eat just nearby, so we went for a meal, and then walked to the club. It was still pretty early and not too many people there.
After a couple of shots of tequila at dinner, then another at the club, we were feeling pretty happy. We had some one dollar bills with us, so went to sit by the stage. There were a couple of strippers who came and went. We gave them some money. Then one came up, and I recognised her from last year. I immediately made eye contact with her and so she came over and started dancing for us. Her top came off and her small but nice tits came loose, and she leaned over and reached for my head. I resisted and asked if she could do it to my friend instead. So she moved over and grabbed her head and pushed it into her tits, motorboating her. I was loving it, and from the smile on my friend's face, so was she. The stripper kept dancing with us until the song ended, then she leaned over and asked if either of us wanted a private dance. 'Probably,' I said, and I asked her to come over when she was done. I talked to my friend: 'Want to have a dance? My shout.'
'Haha, well, if it's your shout then it would be silly not to.'
So when the stripper came over she went with her to a room at the back. I minded my own business (watched another stripper) and she was back soon.
'How was it?'
'Yeah, it was ok.'
'Only ok? You didn't like her?' I asked.
'No, she was hot and seems pretty cool. But the moves she was making weren't really that hot for me, they are designed by guys.'
'Well, why don't you teach her how to dance for girls. You remember I told you she was bisexual,' I said, which I'd discovered last year.
'Doesn't sound like a very good deal, to pay her money to teach her how to do something.'
'How cheap, you didn't even pay that time!'
'Well, still sounds like a dumb idea.'
'Ok, why don't we just talk to her?'
'Sure.'
Not long afterwards she came back over and asked if we wanted another dance. I asked if we could go outside for a chat, she could have a smoke. She agreed and we went outside.
'Do you remember me? I expect not but I was here about this time last year and I remember you.'
'I do now that I can hear you. I'd never forget that accent.'
'Haha. How cool. I obviously remember you to, and I'd told my friend about you too. She was pleased that you are still here.'
'Thanks, did you like the dance?'
My friend said, 'Well, it was ok. No offence, but it kinda seemed like it was for guys. You are gorgeous but the dance didn't do a lot for me.'
'Oh really, that's good to know. What would you have preferred?'
'Well, from what I can work out, guys are really visual, so the optics of it are really important. But for girls, well, for me, the connection is the important thing, not just the visual. I think the hip gyrating and that stuff is a bit dumb at times.'
'Haha, that's funny. I guess it's just habit. I don't find it too impressive either, I just do it because that's what strippers are supposed to to. But you didn't really answer the question, what would you prefer? What would turn you on?'
'Ok, well, I guess what I'd be most interested in is dancing with you.'
'I can do that, it would be hot.'
'So, let's go then.'
'Wow, that was quick.'
'Well, he paid for the last one, so this one is on me. Just one other thing, is it the same for two people to be there?'
'Yeah, sure, let's go.'
'Wow, thanks for the invitation,' I said.
'No problem, thought you'd be interested.'
'Of course, but if I recall correctly it's a bit crowded back there.'
'Well, if I'm up dancing with her then you can sit.'
'Good point, I'm more than happy to be watching you guys.'
So, we go into the small booth for a private dance. We both sit down and she starts slowly dancing. She takers her top off and takes my friend by the hand. She get up and face each other. And just slowly dance facing each other. It was hot. The stripper grabbed my friends hands and they are just there dancing. Then she undoes the top button on her shirt, then the next. Now things are getting interesting! And, of course, the song stops and everything comes crashing down.
'That was hot,' my friend says.
'Sure was' said the stripper, 'I could have kept going for ages, but the bouncers would have come in'.
'Pity.'
'Well, we could go to a VIP room?' suggested the stripper.
'Mmmm..., how much is that?'
She told us the amount, and I quickly asked, 'Is that for both of us?'
'Yep.'
'So, do you want to do this?' my friend asked.
'Only if you do.'
'Make a goddamn decision.'
'Ok, I'd really like to go to a VIP room with you and this lovely young lady. I think that would be really hot. But I want you to do it because you want to, not because I want you to.'
'Well, I want to, and I want to do it for you too.'
'Well in that case, what the fuck are we waiting for?'
Part 2
So, we went through to the VIP rooms. A couch for the two of us and room for her to dance.
'Before we start,' I asked, 'I remember last time you accepted personal tips for some extras. Is that still possible?'
'Of course,' the stripper replied.
'Well, I'd like to pay for the extras. I remember what we did last time, I paid extra and you let me suck your tits and gave me a hand job. But you didn't take your pants off. What if I gave you double it. Do you think that will give me what I want?'
'I don't think you'll be disappointed with that.'
'Ok, lets go.'
So we sat down next to each other on the couch. I reached out and took her hand, locking fingers together. I checked my watch for the start time and the stripper started dancing. Just swaying. Taking off her top and bra. She slid off her short skirt and came closer. She took my friend by the hand and stood her up, took her other hand and started dancing, closer this time than in the private dance. I was sitting, watching my hot friend and this hot stripper, topless, dancing close. Then the got closer. Very close. Then my friend leaned forward and started kissing her neck. The stripper reached around and grabbed her ass, and they kept dancing. My friend's hands were moving all over her back, and then down to her ass, massaging it. They seemed to start grinding their hips together, lost in the moment. Then suddenly, my friend turns to look at me.
'So, is this what you were after?' she asked.
'Umm, its a good start.'
'Yes, it is isn't it,' and she smiled.
'How about I get a go?'
'Nothing stopping you joining us dancing.'
'Except that I hate dancing, and also that I'm enjoying watching you.'
'Well, you're call, I can't think of a reason to move.'
So I reluctantly got up. I went over and put my arms around both of them and started trying to sway with the music, without ruining their rhythm. My hand immediately went to their butts, squeezing, then I started kissing the neck of the stripper.
To my surprise she interrupted me and said, 'so there is one problem here.'
'What's that?'
'Neither of you are sucking my tits.'
We all separated a bit and looked at each other. Then my friend and I both leaned down and starting licking her tits, one each. They were small but good, and her nipples responded nicely to my tongue. We kept going and I thought I'd try my chances, I started pulling down the strippers panties. She didn't stop me. I slid them down and she stepped out of them, all the while having both tits sicked and licked. Now things were getting interesting.
'Why don't we sit down again, and have a bit more of a show?' I said.
'Yeah, that sounds good to me' said my friend.
So we sat back down on the couch.
'So, bit of a bulge in your pants?'
'Of course there is!'
My friend reached over and grabbed it which shocked me, as she isn't into dicks at all.
'Are you turning?' I asked.
'No, just checking. Nice to know that you are as turned on as I am.'
'You are?'
'Fuck yes.'
'Can I check?' I asked tentatively, not sure whether I was going too far, or fast.
'Sure,' she said, and smiled.
The stripper watched us as I reach over and put my hand into my friend's crotch. 'It doesn't seem hot to me?' I said.
'Trust me, it is.'
I squeezed a bit harder.
'No, nothing.'
'Well, I don't know what to tell you.'
'You could show me?'
'Hey, I'm not the show here.'
'You can be, hey, what do you think?' I asked the stripper.
'I'd be more than happy for her to take her pants off.'
'I can't believe I'm doing this, but ok. I'm going to need some help.'
She stood up and I stood up with her. The stripper and I faced her. She was swaying to the music. The stripper undid another couple of buttons on her shirt while I reached lower to unbutton her jeans. Once the stripper finished with the shirt buttons, she helped me drag down her jeans. My friend stepped out of them and I reached up to see if she was wet, that was the point of all this after all. Because her shirt was hanging down I hadn't noticed that she wasn't wearing any underwear. So I was a bit shocked for my hand to immediately find wetness, rather than the dampness of panties.
'Whoa, what the hell, wasn't expecting that!'
'Haha, thought you'd be surprised, that was fun.'
I'm on my knees looking up at her and I slide my finger along her slit while she looks down at me. The stripper reached forward too and took my hand out, replacing it with hers.
'You are turned on, aren't you. I love that I've done that, or at least had a part of it. Why don't you sit down again?' she said.
'Hey, what about me' I said.
'I'm feeling a bit overdressed'
My friend smiled at me, I stood up. She kissed me gently on the lips, then squatted down and undid my jeans. The stripper helped, and I was standing their watching these two beautiful women undressing me. They pulled down my jeans.
'Ha, looks like I'm wasn't the only one not wearing any underwear.'
'Yeah, well. I remembered getting the hand job last time and thought I may as well make it easier this time in case we get there.'
I stepped out of my jeans took my friend's hand and we sat down on the couch again.
Part 3
The stripper immediately sat on my friend's lap, put her arm around her neck and swung her legs over both of ours.
'Well, what now?' she said.
'You're the expert. I haven't really been in in a situation like this before. What do you think?' I asked my friend.
'If it was up to me I'd be making out with this young lady.'
'Ha, well if it was up to me, I'd be watching you two make out. But it's not up to either of us.'
'Well, that sounds great to me,' said the stripper, and she leaned forward and kissed my friend on the mouth.
I sat watching for a while, trying to keep my hand off my cock. They were gorgeous. Kissing pretty passionately now.
I reached and started stroking the strippers legs up as high as I could reach. I stroked up and down. Soon I saw my friend move her hand and reach towards mine. We held hands and kept stroking up and down the strippers legs. She shifted a bit to allow us access to her pussy. We reached further, stopping at her pussy.
'Fuck, you aren't faking this, are you?'
'Hell no,' the stripper replied.
We kept our hands in her crotch, she widened her legs further, still kissing my friend. I pushed my friend's hand up to the stripper's clit, and she started rubbing. I just watched. She clearly knew what she was doing. The stripper was clearly getting hot, and was spreading her legs as far as she could. I reached further forward and pushed a finger into her. An audible gasp came from the stripper, and she squirmed a little on our laps..
'Good?'
'Uh huh.'
'So what do you want to do, finger or rub the clit,' I asked my friend.
'I'm good where I am, I love the clit.'
So I put two fingers into the stripper, and she gasped again. My friend was working on her clit and I was slowly pushing two fingers in and out of her. She was only barely kissing my friend anymore, then stopped completely and leaned back.
'Keep doing that, i'm almost there, fuck this is hot.'
We keep going and keep going, both watching this person lying on our laps, completely open to us, and uninhibited. We looked at each other, which just encouraged us to go faster and harder on the stripper. She moans loudly this time, and starts twitching, her legs are twitching. My friend stops rubbing her clit and puts a finger into her pussy, adding to the two I already have. She twitches again. A big one this time, and opens her eyes, looking at the two of us.
'You guys are amazing.'
'We think so,' my friend says with a laugh.
'So have you guys ever hooked up?'
'Not, she's not into guys.'
'Nothing? You seem pretty open with each other.'
'Well, last year we were sunbathing and one thing led to another. We basically watched each other masturbate, that was very hot.'
'Don't forget that you went down on me,' my friend reminded me.
'Thanks, yes, that too, I have definitely not forgotten that.'
'You two are weird. In a fun way.'
'Yeah, its an interesting relationship, but it works.'
'So what's next?'
Part 4
'I think I need to repay the favour to the two of you,' said the stripper.
'That sounds great, where do you want us?'
'Just stay sitting where you are,' she said, and got off my friend's lap.
So the naked stripper was standing in front of us. We were sitting on the couch.
'Get closer.'
So we moved closer together. Our legs now touching, and even after we had just been fingering the stripper together, the physical contact was really turning me on.
'Now I will go down on both of you.'
My friend and I looked at each other and smiled. We automatically reached for each others hands and looked back to the stripper, who was now moving down between my friend's legs. I was watching as she moved her head forward, kissing the inside of her legs, and spreading them apart. She lifted up her far leg and moved it so the foot was up on the couch, giving her a wide view of my friend's pussy. She leaned back and reached her hand forward, stroking the inside of her thighs gently with the back of her hand.
'Your pussy looks awesome.'
'Well, thanks. I didn't really have anything to do with it, but I have heard that before,' my friend said.
'I'm not sure if I've said it before, but I completely agree,' I added, then moved my hand between my friend's legs and joined in the gentle stroking of the inside of her thighs.
The stripper moved forward again and started kissing where she had been stroking before. I moved my hand and gently stroked her head. She kissed closer and closer to my friend's pussy, before gently kissing her lips gently, and again, then more passionately, completely surrounding the pussy with her mouth. I looked at my friend and reached up to stroke her cheek. She looked at me and smiled, took my hand and kissed it.
'What does that feel like?' I asked.
'Your hand?'
'No, her tongue, smartass.'
She smiled. 'If feels fucking great, she knows what she is doing.'
The stripper stopped and moved her head away and said, 'Thanks, it's not my first rodeo!' Then she moved her head away from my friend's pussy.
'Where are you going? How rude!' my friend said.
'I told you I was going down on you both, I can't do it at the same time,' and she got up and moved over to me.
She knelt down in front of me and took my dick in her hand. She gently stroked it and rubbed my nob, which was wet with precum. She bent and licked it. Then popped it in her mouth and gently sucked it, using her tongue on my nob.
I looked over at my friend and saw that she was gently rubbing her clit.
'Haha, can't wait?,' I said.
'Just keeping myself going,' she replied. 'How about you? What does it feel like for you?'
'Well, it feels great, obviously. At the moment she is just sucking a little, and using her tongue on my nob, which is the most sensitive part.'
'I thought that guys liked the up and down part of it?'
'That is definitely part of it, but this is great too.'
'Can you come from that?'
'Hell yeah, can you come from just rubbing your clit?'
'Of course. I hadn't really thought of it like that. So what do you do when you masturbate?'
'Well, it depends. I don't think I could come without any work on the nob, but it's hard to avoid it even if you wanted to. Can you come only from fingering?'
'Hard to say, it's not that easy to just finger without rubbing against the clit from time to time as well, especially if you are reaching from the front.'
Suddenly the stripper stopped and looked up at me, 'Hey, how about a little appreciation for me!'
All three of us laughed.
'Sorry, do continue. You are doing a great job.'
'Can't be that great if you are able to have a conversation while I'm doing it.'
'What if I did a fake moan, would that help?'
'Haha, maybe,' said the stripper.
And then she got up and moved back to my friend. 'I'll go where I'm more appreciated,' she said.
'Noooooo,' I said.
'Don't be so needy,' my friend said.
'Easy for you to say, she's about to bury her head in your pussy again.'
'Stop your complaining,' she said.
'Well, you could help me out?'
My friend looked at me and suddenly twitched. The stripper had moved back to her pussy.
'What was that,' I asked.
'She just went straight for my clit and started sucking hard.'
'Which is good?'
'Which is very very good.'
'I'm glad,' I said. 'So, I think you must have missed my question before, how about helping me out a bit?'
She looked at me, with some hesitation. Then said simply, 'Ok'.
She reached over and took my dick in her hand. I wrapped my hand around it and gently urged her to use her thumb on my nob.
'Just rub it, think of what you were just doing on your clit. In fact, think of it as a really big clit if that makes you feel better!'
'Ha, its really not much like that at all.'
I smiled, 'Yes, I know, just wanted to make it easier for you. I know you're not a fan of this, but love that you are doing it'.
'It's the moment. It helps that I'm having my pussy sucked by a beautiful girl, which makes me hot. Kind of breaks down some barriers.'
'Well, I'm all for that.'
Suddenly, the stripper came up for air, 'Why don't you two just kiss already'. Then went back down the pussy she was sucking.
We looked at each other in the eyes. God she has great eyes. I leaned over and she leaned towards me. We were close, and just looking at each other in the eyes.
'This doesn't mean I'm turning straight, you know that, right?'
'Well, I don't think anyone having their pussy eaten by a hot stripper will be accused of being straight because they kissed their best friend while it was happening.'
And with that I reached forward and gently kissed her on the lips. I then moved back again.
'Ok?' I asked.
She leaned forwards again and kissed me, more passionately this time. She was still gently rubbing my dick and we kissed some more. I pushed my tongue into her mouth and she did the same to me. We kept this going for a while, time meaning nothing. Eventually we pulled away and looked at each other. I realised that she had stopped rubbing my dick. Then noticed that the stripper was just watching us, no longer paying attention to my friend's pussy.
'That was hot,' the stripper said. 'And you didn't even notice that I'd stopped sucking your pussy, which is a little bit insulting,' then she smiled.
'Haha,' my friend laughed. 'That's weird and a bit embarrassing. Sorry. It's not a reflection on your skills, I swear.'
'Well, as I said earlier, you guys have an interesting relationship.'
'We do,' we both said together, and we all started laughing.
'So what happens from here?,' the stripper asked.
'Depends on how much time we have.'
'Well, we are only halfway through the session you've paid for.'
'What do you want now' I asked my friend.
'Well, I'd kind of like to dance with my new friend again.'
'And I'd like to watch that, so perfect.'
Part 5
They got up and the first thing the stripper did is take off my friend's shirt and bra.
'If we are going to close dance, we need to do it naked,' she said.
And they grabbed their hands and pulled their bodies tight.
That was all I could take. I started rubbing my dick.
'Fuck that looks hot.'
My friend looked over.
'You look hot too, you know I love seeing you turned on, just don't come too fast!'
'Not going to be easy, might be better off making it happen quick then going again.'
'No, just come up here.'
So I stood up and went over. They stopped and faced me, pulled my shirt over my head, and came close. I started kissing the stripper, who reached down and grabbed my dick. I pulled away from the kiss and said, 'Just gently, I don't want to come too quickly'. She then dropped to her knees and put it in her mouth.
'Woah, that's not exactly what I meant.'
She looked up at me and took my dick out of her mouth. 'It's Ok, I thought the 'make it quick then go again' option was the best one' the stripper said said. Then she went back to work.
My friend left us and sat on the couch again. She is so hot, great tits. Athletic body. Strong shoulders. She sat there and looked at me.
'Don't want to join in?'
'No, you guys go, I had something else in mind.'
And with that she hooked one leg over the arm of the chair, opening her pussy to us. She moved her hand down and ran it up her slit. She was literally dripping, and I swear as she brought her finger up to her mouth some of her juice dripped off, before she put it in her mouth.
'How does it taste?'
'Tastes like me.'
'Can I taste some?'
'Sure.'
She reached back to her pussy, and this time rubbed with two fingers, then slipped them both into her pussy. All the way in. She was looking at me. She pumped them in and out a few times. Then she stood up and came over to me. Put the fingers in my mouth. I sucked on her fingers for a while, still looking her in the eye. The stripper was still going on my cock and I was starting to lose control. Especially with my friend standing next to me.
She took her fingers out of my mouth and sat down again, spreading her legs like before, and reached down to her clit. The stripper stopped for a moment and saw what was happening. She reached over between my friend's legs and rubbed a finger up and down her slit. My friend was still rubbing her own clit. There I was, getting a blow job from a stripper, watching my friend rubbing her clit while getting fingered by that same stripper. Just the idea of the moment set me off and I came in the mouth of the stripper.
She keept sucking and licking my dick, then stood up and started kissing me. Tongue in my mouth. I pulled her tight and started to rub her ass, she lifted up a leg and started to grind against me. I was already getting hard again already.
'Hold on a sec,' someone is missing out, I said.
The stripper stopped and we looked over at my friend who was still sitting there rubbing her clit.
'What did you have in mind?' she asked.
'Well, I think you are the only one who hasn't come yet and that just doesn't seem fair.'
'I'm enjoying myself.'
'Well, I think it's your turn. How do you want to get off?'
'There are few things better than just sitting back getting eaten out to climax, do you think that is an option,' she asked the stripper.
'That is completely fine,' and she turned to my friend and knelt down and immediately placed a big kiss on my friend's pussy.
I went over to sit down on the couch next to my friend, and to get a better look. I leaned over and started sucking her right tit. Her nipple was a little hard at the beginning then hardened more. I kept sucking on the near tit and reached over to rub the other one. I went straight for the nipple and rubbed it. Then started nibbling on one nipple and tweaking the other. I was loving this, engrossed, until I felt someone push my head away. My friend said, 'why don't you help her out a bit?' I leaned over to kiss her again, immediately pushing my tongue into her mouth. Then pulled away and reached down to rub her clit. The stripper was busy licking up and down her slit. I leaned in towards her ear.
'How far away are you?'
'Right now I'm pretty good, this is just great, enjoying myself. Things will turn south quick once she puts some fingers in me though.'
The stripper stopped and looked up, and smiled. I kissed my friend on the lips gently and stood up.
'I might never have this chance again, so here goes.'
I stood behind the stripper, lifted her ass off the the ground and pushed my dick towards her pussy. I rubbed her slit with it. Up and down. Pushing against her and in her just a tiny bit. The stripper seemed fine with it, and she was certainly wet, so I just rammed into her as far as I could. My friend's eyes opened wide. As did mine.
I was holding the strippers hips and moving in and out of her. She was busy on my friend's pussy. She had put two fingers into her pussy, moving in and out, and sucking hard on her clit. My friend was lying there, legs as wide as she could put them.
'How're you going now?' I asked.
'Yep, great. Pretty close now.' She was panting.
'Look at me.'
We locked eyes.
'Rub your nipples.'
She grabbed each nipple and started tweaking them. We stared at each other.
'I love you.'
'I love you too.'
'Fuck this hot!!'
'I know' she laughed, and then the laugh started changing to a moan.
'Keep looking at me!'
She did and she started moaning more. I was pounding into the stipper and she was working her fingers hard in and out of my friend.
'This is it,' she said, 'keep going.'
I slowed a little so that stripper could concentrate. She kept going. I pulled out of her and went over to my friend.
I leaned over and started sucking her tit. She started twitching. Then more. Just spasming, reaching for the head of the stripper.
I reached up and started kissing my friend. She kissed back, breathlessly.
'Ok, stop now' she panted.
The stripper stopped and looked up.
'Come here, I want to taste her.'
She came over and we started kissing.
She tasted of women's come, and that just got me thinking about where her mouth had just been.
'I think I'm about to come again' I said, and laughed.
Part 6
'I'm going to sit on the couch and I want to watch you go down on the stripper,' I said, 'If that's ok with you both.'
'Now we are talking' said the stripper.
My friend got up and the stripper replaced her on the couch. I was standing there watching as my friend moved her face to the stripper's pussy. She licked it up and down, then got up and moved over to me.
'Taste her,' she said, and she kissed me, pushing her tongue into my mouth. I couldn't help it and put my arms around her, rubbing her ass, kissing her passionately, my dick hard between us. She moved away and said, 'Now we are being mean. That and I want to keep eating her beautiful pussy.' S she went back down on the stripper, who was sitting watching us, with a finger rubbing her clit.
'Wait a second,' said the stripper, and she got off the couch. She went over to my friend and took her by the hand.
'Trust me' she said. The indicated that my friend should lie on the couch.
'But I want to eat you out,' my friend said.
'You will,' said the stripper. 'I'm not stupid enough to stop that from happening!'
She lay my friend across the couch, roughly in the middle.
'Now I'm going to sit on your face,' and my friend smiled. 'I'm going to push my pussy into your face and you're going to eat me like you've never eaten pussy before, ok?'
'Fuck yes,' my friend replied.
'And one other thing.'
'I think I'd agree to just about anything at the moment,' my friend said.
'Your friend is going to go down on you at the same time,' the stripper said.
'Now we are talking,' I said. 'Let's go.'
'I think I can get on board with that,' my friend agreed.
'Then we are settled,' the stripper said, and she climbed up onto the couch. She faced her across the couch and sat on the arm.
'I want to watch you start,' she said.
I went over to the stripper and kissed her on the mouth. I reached down and rubbed her pussy, then put the fingers into my friend's mouth as she was lying on her back on the couch. I reached down and kissed her on the lips, tasting the pussy of the stripper. I stood back up and said, simply, 'I love you'.
'I love you too. But now I want, in a very non-straight way, you to go down on my like you have never gone down on anyone before.'
'Haha, sounds like a competition?' the stripper said.
'Competition?'
'Whoever gets their designated pussy off quickest, wins.'
I looked at my friend and we both burst out laughing.
'What's so funny?' the stripper asked.
'Well,' I said, 'my friend is just about the most competitive person in the world, so she is absolutely going to take up that challenge.'
'Damn right I will. Winner takes all.'
'Winner takes what?'
'Ok, you're right, we need a prize. How about the winner gets a blow job from the loser?'
'Ha, you that cocky? Get it? See what I did there?'
'Yes, I see what you did, and I'm actually not that cocky, as you can plainly see,' and I pointed to my dick which, though hard, wasn't really anything to brag about. Both of the girls laughed. 'I'm actually not that cocky, I'm pretty sure you are better at eating pussy than me. What do you suggest?'
'I have an idea' said the stripper. What about the winner gets to do anything they want with me afterwards.'
'Now that's something to compete for,' and I immediately moved over and buried my face in my friend's pussy.
'Hey, not fair' said my friend.
I looked up, 'Come on, you have the advantage. You can hold off from coming so that you can win.'
'Don't be ridiculous,' she said, 'with my pussy being played with it's going to make it hard for me to concentrate on making her come.'
'Good point,' the stripper said. 'This is going to be interesting. And I have no skin in the game at all so I'm just going to sit on your face and enjoy it. Ok, enough talk. Are we ready for an official start?'
'Yes,' we agreed.
'Ok, on the count of three, put your tongue in the closest pussy. One, two, three'.
And with that she lowered her pussy down onto the face of my friend. She immediately angled her clit so it was against my friend's mouth. This made put her nose right into her slit. She started rubbing up and down so that her nose was pushed into her slit, and then at the top it rubbed against her clit. My friend reached her hands up and put them under the stripper's ass, giving her a bit of relief from the weight pushing down on her face. But at the same time, covering her clit with her mouth and sucking hard.
'Are you going to get started?' the stripper said.
'Sorry, distracted. I could happily watch this to conclusion.'
'Not as competitive as your friend?'
'No, I'm happy for her to win and for me to watch.'
'So you don't want to go down on her.'
'Good point. I really want to go down on her.'
'Well, you better hurry, she's doing a fantastic job on me.'
So with that I leaned down to her pussy. First I looked at it up close. It really was beautiful. Bald, with her lips prominent from the action it had been receiving, darker pink closer to her hole. I reached forward and pushed a finger into her. Then leaned down and kissed her clit. She moved her hips against me. I looked up and saw her hesitate on the stripper. Then I kissed her clit, and started sucking it. I pumped my finger slowly in and out of her while sucking her clit. She closed her legs around my head and pushed them together. I reached up and spread them out again, so I had more access. I put another finger in her and leaned my head back. I rubbed her clit with my thumb while wiggling my two fingers inside her. I looked up and the stripper was tweaking my friend's nipples, while my friend's whole mouth was around her pussy, her tongue obviously working inside her. The stripper was clearly starting to get close. I looked back down at my friend's pussy, my fingers wiggling inside, then pushed my little finger against her asshole. She twitched a bit, which I took for enjoyment. I kept wiggling my fingers and gently pushed my little finger into her ass. It was completely drenched from the wetness of her pussy which was dripping down. I pushed my finger all the way in and then started pumping my fingers in and out of her. I looked up to see if I could judge who was closer to coming. The stripper was looking at my hand, she'd stopped tweaking my friend's nipples. She was obviously close and looked up at me.
'You better hurry,' she said.
I pushed my fingers all the way inside my friend's pussy, and then pushed a third finger into her pussy. She bucked her hips towards me. The started bucking, and the stripper was doing the same on her face. 'Fuuuuuck' said the stripper, and I could hear my friend moaning, muffled through the pussy she was eating. She kept bucking against my fingers, trying to get more of them into her pussy. I stopped pumping and just wiggled them. I could feel my little finger through the membrane between them, and kept wiggling.
The stripper started twitching against my friend's face. Grinding her pussy. Rubbing her clit against her chin. Then she slowed and stopped and slid back so she was sitting on the other arm of the couch, legs spread.
'Oh my god,' my friend said. 'Keep going.'
'But you've already won,' I replied.
'Don't be a fucking smartass, keep going.'
So with that I reached down and started sucking her clit. All my fingers still inside her. My face pushed into her. I felt hands on the back of my head. 'Keep doing that,' I heard. And I did. Sucking, and rubbing her clit with my tongue. Fingers in her pussy and ass.
'Ohhhhhh,' I heard and I felt a stiffening in her crotch. The hands still hard against the back of my head. Then I felt a liquid on my fingers. Not just the wetness of arousal, but coming out of her as she was orgasming.
'Oh my god, this is amazing,' the stripper said. I moved my fingers and she was still coming. I kept my mouth on her clit, until the pressure on the back of my head eased. Then I sat up. Looking first at the come on the couch, then at my friend's face. She opened her eyes, and smiled at me.
'So, you never told me that you could squirt.'
She smiled, 'It's never come up.'
'So does it always happen?'
'No, only when I'm really really hot.'
'Well I feel privileged that I was able to be part of it then. It was really really hot.'
'Come here and kiss me,' she said.
I reached down and licked up and down her pussy, tasting her come. I sucked on her pussy and got more in my mouth. I got up and went over to my friend. I kissed her on the lips. Then opened my mouth and pushed my tongue into her mouth. She kissed back passionately. Tongues pushing into each other's mouths.
'It sure was hot,' said the stripper. 'The only problem is that our winner is now spent.'
My friend suddenly sat up and twisted around. 'Spent? I can go again.'
'Hahaha, really?' I said, a little bit sceptical.
'Hell yeah. I'm not sure something like this will ever happen again, and I don't want to miss my prize.'
'Well, ok,' said the stripper. 'That is awesome, because after watching that I don't want this to be over, I'm ready to go again. What'll it be?'
'Well, a couple of thoughts. Firstly, having someone go down on my while someone else was doing something to them was a fantasy, but that has already been done twice tonight, so we don't need to revisit that. Sorry.'
'Haha,' I knew this was aimed at me. 'Don't worry about me, worry about yourself, you won fair and square, though there wasn't much in it.
'Hell no,' said the stripper. 'I thought you would win at the end there, but then I saw you put a finger in her ass and that just about tipped me over the edge.'
'Tipped YOU over the edge,' my friend said. 'It just about did for me too, it was only that I could hardly breath because my nose was in your pussy and your clit was in my mouth, that I didn't.'
'So you're telling me it was a good move?' I asked.
'How can you make this all about you?' my friend said.
'Sorry, I was just kind of happy with myself. And it wasn't about me, it was the thought that I almost made two girls come. That's pretty amazing and turns me on a lot.'
'Ha, ok. Yes it was a good move. I don't always like it but it was about perfect. But what about my squirting. Sometimes that freaks people out.'
'Hell no, that was hot. Knowing that I had something to do with turning you on that much was awesome.'
'Ok,' said the stripper, 'we better decide what's happening next, I can't stay in her forever unfortunately.'
'You're right,' said my friend. 'Ok, but what do I want? There are a lot options with three, more than I'm used to! I could go for something a bit kinky, or something I might never be able to do again because it takes three. Any suggestions?'
'Well,' I said, 'My vote would have been for you having your pussy eaten out while I fucked her from behind. That's been a fantasy of mine for about as long as I remember. In fact, I remember exactly when it was. When I was twenty two and I saw that in a porn magazine. The image of it just blew my mind. In fact, I think it was that image that I was looking at when I came in someone's face and hair for the first and only time. But that is a story for another time.'
'Was it a guy?' my friend asked.
'Ha, no. It was a friend of mine. Friend with benefits is probably how you would describe it. In fact, we are still friends. But anyway, that would have been my preference. What about you?' I asked the stripper.
'Well, I thought I was the prize. I didn't realise I get to have a say. Having said that,' she immediately went on, 'I really don't have a preference. I'm just really turned on by you two. The relationship you have, the openness. I've never done anything like this before, and might never again, but it's been amazing with you two.'
'Couldn't agree more,' I said. 'Ok, if no one else has any ideas, then how about you give me a blowjob,' I said to my friend, 'while she goes down on you. She can return the favour.'
'That's a great idea,' my friend said.
Part 7
I was surprised, I didn't really think she would give me a blowjob. But the way things were going maybe anything was possible?
'Ok,' I said, 'I'll sit on the couch and you can get started.'
'No, you're going to sit on the couch and play with yourself while she and I scissor.'
'Well I stand corrected! Nice tease! Oh, and fuck you!'
'Thanks, I thought so. But please, why would I win the prize of doing anything with this beautiful girl and waste it on giving you a blow job?'
'I thought it was a bit strange, but I would have been happy for it.'
'I know you would. And if ever there was a time when I might do it, it would be now, but I'm going with the scissoring. Sorry.'
She was still sitting on the couch and I was standing near her. She reached out and grabbed my dick, pulled me towards her. She kept pulling towards her mouth, then she reached forward and gently kissed my nob. Her eyes looking up at me as she was doing it.
'Much more of that and you might be the second person who's face and hair I come on.'
She was still looking up at me, holding my dick. She swirled her tongue around my nob, put her mouth around it and sucked it gently, still looking at me. Then she took it out of her mouth, gently kissed it again, and let it go.
'Seriously, I just about came then. That was horrible timing for me and perfect timing for you.'
Without saying anything else, she got off the couch. I grabbed my dick and started gently rubbing. Then sat down and leaned back, ready to enjoy the show.
My friend took the stripper's hand a they sat down on the ground, arranging their legs so they could rub their clits.
'So women really do this?' I asked.
'Hell, yeah. It's great. It is sometimes a little awkward getting into a good rhythm and position, but once it's there its great.'
'What does it feel like?'
'Well, in the end it is just rubbing clits together. But when you are both so wet there, and you get in a good rhythm, it's great, because your whole body is into it.'
'Ok, enough talk. Let's see if we can all come one more time.'
So we just get down to business, as I'm conscious the time is running out.
'How close are you?'
The stripper replied, 'Fuck, pretty much now.' She was panting. Rubbing her pussy against my friend's in rhythm. Both of them going hard. Their faces red.
My friend gasped, 'I'm going to come again.'
I was watching them just rubbing. Naked. Writhing. Their whole bodies trying to somehow to push their clits closer together. I'm rubbing my dick, 'I'm coming too.'
We all start moaning at about the same time. I come, shooting halfway across the room it felt. My god. That was incredible. I open my eyes and see the stripper and my friend. They are both just holding each other now. Pussies still locked together.
I get up and go over to them. I look at my friend's beautiful face. And stifle a laugh.
'What's so funny,' she says.
'Well, you probably aren't going to like this, and it certainly wasn't deliberate, but I think you have some of my come on your face.'
'What!' and she immediately stiffened.
'It was an accident! But, I'm sorry, I'm not going to lie, it's pretty hot, and funny, seeing you with my come on your face.'
'Are there any towels anywhere'?
'Don't need towels,' the striper said, and immediately moved so that she could kiss and lick the come off my friend's face. She then kissed her passionately.
'There. All gone. Was that ok?' I asked.
'Yeah, no harm no foul I guess,' she said.
'I'm guessing we are out of time now?' I asked the stripper.
'I think so, certainly out of bodily fluids,' she said.
'Ok, one more hug?'
And we all stood together and hugged. We kissed each other. Then my friend gave me a hard slap on my ass, and one to the stripper.
'Hey,' I said.
'Sorry, couldn't help myself. That was for coming on my face.'
'Ok that's fair. So does that mean if I do it again I get to be spanked again?'
'If you do that again I'll smash you in the face. To get me to spank you would require something very different.'
'Ok, that sounds like a conversation for another day.'
'What was mine for?' asked the stripper.
'Your's was because I wanted to!'
Epilogue
And so, we were in the taxi on the way home. We were holding hands, as we often do, sitting in the back of the car.
'That was pretty crazy,' she said.
'Beyond even my wildest expectations.'
'What did you mean by the conversation for another day.'
'I'll tell you on another day.'
'Well, technically it is another day. It's about 3 in the morning.'
'Ha. Well, in that case, technically I'd like to spank you some time. But I don't want to talk about it now. I just want to keep tonight going for a while. I mean it. I will talk later, but for now, just think about the evening we just had, and smile. Ok?'
'Haha. Ok. Love you.'
'Love you too.'