The advert kept drawing her eye. 6 words that burned to the centre of her, melting something buried deep. 'Closet exhibitionist required for private project.'
Closet exhibitionist described her perfectly. Or at least it described someone she used to be.
----
Kirsty had been something of a late developer, only blossoming into full womanhood during the latter days of college. University was the time when she was able to explore who she really was. She lost her virginity in a largely forgettable freshers week fumble, and proceeded to get into the swing of uni life.
She moved into a student flat with 3 others - 2 lads studying Civil Engineering (nice enough but a bit dull), and another girl called Sam. Sam was like a walking hormone - always talking about sex, openly fantasising about people she met or saw on TV, and not shy to discuss her many conquests. Kirsty really liked Sam, but found her a bit intimidating - probably due to Kirsty's lack of experience and more reserve when it came to anything sexual.
Like many exhibitionists, she first fell in love with watching. The thrill of unexpectedly seeing something illicit.
It was random chance - walking home late one night after a big fresher's fancy dress club night, a noise drew her eye to a doorway slightly ahead of her. In the shadows, a man stood with one hand on the wall and head thrown back in ecstacy. Between his legs, a blonde girl was enthusiastically sucking his cock. Cheeks drawn in as she bobbed her head up and down the shaft, taking the whole length in and moaning appreciatively.
The street lamp over the road lit the scene perfectly. The girl looked like she had been at the same club night, dressed as a slutty schoolgirl - blonde hair tied in pig tails and a white blouse tied round her midriff. She was crouched in high heels, bare legs spread wide apart letting her short tartan skirt ride up to her waist, wantonly exposing her bare, glistening pussy to the night.
Kirsty was shocked, but despite herself her eye was drawn to the girls hand, alternating between furiously rubbing her clitoris before plunging two fingers deep inside herself urgently.
Kirsty had to fight the urge to lift her skirt and seek her own relief. Suddenly, she froze - the girl was looking right at her, smiling. Her right hand was wrapped round the base of the man's erection, slowly tugging. Without breaking eye contact with Kirsty, the girl parted her lips and licked the underside of his cock along its full length, eliciting a noise that was half groan, half growl. Fight or flight kicked in and Kirsty ran past the couple and didn't stop til she got to her flat.
The flat was empty when she got home and Kirsty rushed to lock herself in her bedroom. The scene she had witnessed replayed itself over and over again in her head. The dirtiness of it thrilled her. Each time she replayed it her focus came back to the brazenness of the girl - short skirt, no knickers and high heels, legs spread wide - seemingly enjoying the exposure. Despite having never thought of another woman sexually before, it was the image of the girl's fingers frantically sliding in and out of her shaved, soaking slit that made Kirsty buck against her own hand as she came hard in the privacy of her bedroom.
Wide awake now, and buzzing with excitement she decided to shower. Stripping off the rest of her clothes she tood in front of the mirror. She wasn't bad looking, a pretty face with dimples in her cheeks when she smiled. Brown hair framed her face and rested on athletic shoulders. Her breasts were a nice C cup, tipped with long pink nipples which had a tendency to stand out in the cold, or when she was aroused. For that reason alone she usually kept them covered in a thick padded bra, even around the house. She pinched them now and watched them swell to their full length. Her tummy was pleasingly toned, as were her legs and arse - a product of many miles of middle distance running. Her neatly trimmed pubic hair was still wet from her orgasm, and her thighs were slick with her juices.
A delicious thought crossed her mind - she wrapped herself in a short towel, walked across to the window and pulled the cord on the venetian blinds, exposing her lamp-lit bedroom to the block of flats across the street, before turning and heading for the bathroom.
The shower did nothing to calm her heightened arousal. Needles of almost too hot water drummed her chest and belly, picking out her sensitive nipples and making them swell again, amplifying the effect still further. Little sharp sparks of electricity travelled from her chest to her pussy, adding to the slickness.
Kirsty couldn't remember ever being more horny. Her mind worked at a thousand miles per hour. She had a sudden desire to see and be seen. Like a switch being tripped, Kirsty had suddenly and unexpectedly discovered a need to show off her body, and to catch a glimpse of other people fucking. Fucking. Even that word wasn't one that would have entered her mind before tonight. But the fleeting glimpse of lust; wanton exhibitionism and exposed sex had awakened something deep within.
Her nipples demanded attention again, and Kirsty took them between the ,thumb and forefinger of each hand and twisted, hard. Her clit throbbed, she could feel her cream oozing out of her, and she nearly collapsed - knees almost buckled, as she moaned aloud.
Briefly, she wondered if her flatmates were in fact home, and whether they heard her almost coming again. The thought at once appalled and excited her. That surprised her, and she filed the feeling away for later analysis.
Looking round the steamy bathroom, Kirsty picked up her razor.
--
Across the road, he stood in darkness curious to see what he might see. He had noticed the blinds were open where usually they were firmly shut. The bedroom door opened and he swallowed hard as the cute brunette student walked in wearing a very short white towel around her body, wet hair loose across her shoulders.
She was stunning - a pretty little face and a very hot body underneath her skimpy towel.
He expected her to close the blinds quickly, and was pleased when she walked past the window and picked up a hairbrush from her night stand. She sashayed across the room to her dressing table and to his eternal delight, with her back to him, she dropped her towel to reveal her naked body beneath.
--
Kirsty was wetter than she'd ever been. She sat down nude on the piano stool in front of her dressing table and exhaled. She hadn't allowed herself to come again while she shaved, despite the attention she had to give herself to ensure she removed all the hair. The sensation of being completely bald was intoxicating and she couldn't wait to touch herself properly. When she walked back into her room she thought she saw movement in the shadows of the room directly across the street. After tonight's events, the thought of an audience made her clit buzz.
The leather of the stool felt good on her newly shaved pussy. She flexed her hips, grinding down onto the cool leather. Kirsty tried to imagine what her neighbour could see - her naked back and most of her arse. In the dressing table mirror in front of her she tried to make out the window opposite to see if there really was someone there but couldn't quite get the right angle. She picked up her hairbrush and began teasing out the knots, occasionally twisting slightly, giving her imaginary audience a brief glimpse of the side of her breast.
The earlier image kept on coming into her mind causing fresh wetness to escape from her slick lips onto the leather stool. She recalled the stranger's cock - difficult to gauge size from so far away but it looked thick and long enough. Kirsty wondered what had happened next - did the girl swallow all of the man's come, the feeling of his ejaculation hitting the back of her throat enough to send her over the edge? Perhaps the couple had fucked right there in the doorway, attracting more attention and admirers. Maybe they went back to one of their flats and were still at it, hot bodies bringing each other untold pleasures.
Forgetting herself, Kirsty dipped her fingers between her legs, touching her engorged clit for a moment. Suddenly she had a desire to turn around on the piano stool, showing herself to her neighbour - an urge to spread her legs and frig herself to orgasm in front of her open window. A voice of sense told her she wasn't ready for that though, and somehow she resisted.
Instead she took a deep breath, turned round on the stool (unable to resist a quick 'accidental' flash), walked to the window and closed the blind.
--
He couldn't believe his luck. As she dropped her towel he caught the briefest glimpse of a peachy arse as she sat down at the dressing table.
For ten minutes or so he studied her sexy toned back flexing and moving as she brushed her hair. She turned her head, as though hearing a noise, and her torso twisted slightly, giving a tantalising glimpse of the side of her breast. He longed for her to turn around so that he could study her properly.
At last his wish came true. His exhibitionist neighbour turned on her stool. He would later wish he had been recording on his videocamera so that he could replay it in slow motion.
As she turned, her knees parted showing off her long, toned legs and glistening pussy - it was completely shaved, revealing her pink inner lips and enlarged clit. She stood up, seeming to look straight at him and walked to the window. His eyes drank in the sight of her fantastic tits which jiggled slightly as she stood, tipped by magnificent, suckable nipples which were very erect as though she was sexually aroused. Did she know she was being watched? A half smile as she flicked the blinds closed added to the intrigue...
--
Kirsty lay face down on her bed, rocking and grinding herself into the duvet, hands all over her soaking pussy and hard nipples - caressing, twisting, squeezing and fucking. She came quickly and noisily, unable to contain her cries as she felt her come gushing over her fingers. Again she found herself wondering if her flatmates were home, and whether they could hear her cries, knowing what she was up to.
She drifted off to sleep on top of the sheets, snapshots of the night flickering through her mind : wet mouth sucking on a hard cock; a stranger girl masturbating in a doorway; her own shaven pussy and stiff, aroused nipples displayed to the window opposite; a stranger in the shadows getting off on her display; the prospect of one of her flatmates bursting in tomorrow morning with a cup of coffee and gossip, seeing her like this.