Last August we went on our second holiday of the year to sunny Morocco. We arrived late at night and found our way to our room which was set out in two story blocks in the hotel gardens, with the main lobby being a short walk away. The next morning we got up and opened the curtains and walked out onto the balcony to have a look at the view. It fairly good, looking out over the manicured gardens and as we were on the first floor, our room was not over looked. If I'm honest, it didn't cross my mind about the balcony not being overlooked until I was surprised to see my Wife getting changed for breakfast with the curtains open, in full view of the large balcony windows. It was she that had pointed out that there was no need to be discreet.
After a day relaxing by the pool, we went back to the room. I grabbed a beer from the mini bar and went out onto the balcony, where I ended up chatting with the chap on the balcony to the right of ours; nothing meaningful, merely exchanging small talk for 15 minutes or so before I went back inside.
The next couple of days followed the same pattern, becoming more familiar with "Mal" from next door.
After the fourth time we spoke he beckoned me to come closer and said "I'm not sure if I should tell you really, but from where I am standing now I can see into your room through the mirror on the wall there."
I turned around and saw he was referring to large mirror on the wall of our room, just inside the balcony door. I smiled and said "Oops!" He smiled back and admitted he had seen my Wife getting dressed and undressed a few times and also walking around naked. I told him about how she hadn't bothered closing the curtains due to the balcony not being over looked. "I'm sorry, I know I shouldn't be looking, but her body is wonderful!" He gushed.
I realised at this point that he was well into this and I started quizzing him a little. "What do you like about her?" I asked.
"Her tits are such a nice shape, lovely pink nipples. Such a pretty pussy too, I haven't seen a shaved one in real life before!" He replied.
"Wow, sounds like you really do like her!" I exclaimed.
"So much so that I have had to start bringing tissues out on the balcony in my pocket. I made a bit of a mess on the floor the first time and my Wife almost found out! He said under his breath. "Are you going to tell her?" he asked, looking slightly worried.
I just smiled and said "Nah, why spoil the fun!" Before walking back inside.
The following day while my Wife went to the hotel spa for a massage, I stayed by the pool reading a book. She turned up at the pool around half an hour after her massage had ended and explained she had nipped back to the room for a quick shower after. This didn't seem unusual and I didn't give it a second thought. We went back to the room around 5pm and I grabbed my beer and went out onto the balcony as had become my custom. Mal from next door seemed visibly excited and couldn't wait to speak to me. He explained he had seen her come back to the room that afternoon (Obviously when she had gone for a shower after her massage.) He said he saw her strip off her shorts and vest, then her bikini and paused for a second looking at herself in the mirror, towel in hand; obviously deep in thought. She then threw her towel back on the chair and he could see her hand was on her pussy, already massaging her clit. She then lay on the bed, licked her fingers and began masturbating proper. He told me enthusiastically that he had lay on the bed directly overlooked by the mirror, giving him the best view he could have hoped as she worked herself up. He seemed to take pleasure in describing her technique, rubbing her clitoris side to side mostly, with the occasional circular motion and now and then dipping her fingers into her pussy. By Mal's account, it didn't take long for her to finish herself off, making her buck her hips up and gasp out loud as she orgasmed. He admitted he had been wanking as he watched her and timed his climax to coincide with hers. She got up after taking a few moments to recover, grabbed her towel and hit the shower before coming out to meet me at the pool.
I must admit that I was more than a little aroused at finding out that Mal had watched my Wife jilling off. I already found it hot that he had seen her naked but this was another level. I made it my mission to get her onto the bed in front of the mirror and fuck her in the afternoon while the curtains were open and put on a show for Mal. I decided there was no time like the present, not thinking he would maybe not enjoy it quite so much after what he had already seen that day.
I walked in and grabbed her from behind, she giggled and asked what was up. "I'm just in the mood that's all" I whispered.
She turned and reached down feeling my already hard cock through my shorts and said "Mmm you really are, aren't you!" She reached inside my shorts and pulled my cock out, starting to wank me straight away. "What do you need me to do with this?" she asked, smiling a little.
I had already reached up and started groping her pert 36C tits, then ran my hand down to her pussy touching her clit which made her jump, obviously still a bit sensitive after the bashing she gave it earlier.
She moved close, whispering in my ear "You want this in my pussy?" I grunted that I did. She moved away slightly and spit in her hand, then rubbed it over my cock. She then licked her fingers and used it to lube her pussy and bent over the bed. I pulled her around and pushed her over the dressing table in front of the mirror telling her I wanted to watch her. She reached back and positioned my cock, I pushed it inside roughly making her gasp.
I fucked her roughly over the table, it was never going to last long and after barely two minutes I could feel I was getting close. I would normally have taken my time and made it last but that wasn't the aim of the game today, so I didn't even attempt to slow down. Within seconds of getting the feeling of being close I was shooting my hot semen deep inside her.
She went straight into the shower, I pulled on my shorts and went back onto the balcony to see if Mal had watched. He had seen everything as planned but had been out of tissues and was now busy cleaning up his cum from the balcony tiles.
The next couple of days were somewhat less eventful with him just seeing her walking around naked and this unfortunately brought Mal to the end of his holiday. We discreetly agreed to keep in touch and have had a few hot chats online since our return. We have explored the possibility of holidaying in the same place again, which probably wont come to fruition; but still a sexy memory to relive together!