(Thanks to Drewau for editing. Comments and feedback are always welcome and appreciated. Summary in case you didn't read part 1, 2, and 3: A husband and wife come to an old B&B to help ghosts with their unfinished business.)
Jeff breathed a contented sigh and then turned to face the voyeur on the other side of the pool bar. She was a blonde with slight brown highlights. Her hair was mostly pulled back into a ponytail with a few random strands crossing her forehead. She had a slim figure. Her yellow bikini easily covered her 34 C breasts that were quite perky. She looked a little like a stereotypical cheerleader.
"You must be Clarissa." She smiled a thin tight lipped smile and nodded. "And what is your fantasy?"
Clarissa looked timidly over at the final woman and said, "Do her next." And then she looked back into Jeff's eyes.
Thinking that she was just nervous, Jeff said, "I will, but right now I want to satisfy whatever erotic itch you have always fantasied about."
Clarissa leaned forward in the water until her face was mere inches from Jeff's. Her light blue eyes were wide with a constrained excitement. She placed her hands on top of his on the bar and said, "That is my fantasy. I love to watch."
Then it all made sense to him. Her watching Jeff and Rose, the blowjob suggestions, he wouldn't be surprised if she hadn't been watching him from the very start. "OK." Jeff whispered. "I understand." Before he stepped away though, Jeff glanced down her sharp thin nose, to her lips, and then back up into her eyes. He stole a quick peck from her lips and moved to the edge of the pool.
Jeff didn't have to see her face to know that she was grinning from ear to ear and blushing as crimson as Rose's hair. She may have been a voyeur, but she was a timid voyeur.
Who is next? Looks like our Hero's balls will live another day and he can go on to enjoy more phantasmagorical sex for our viewing pleasure! But still no news on the ice cream front? Dear viewers, we can't tell you all, with no tension! Tune in next week...
When he reached the edge of the pool, he hoisted himself out of the water and walked to the final woman. She was relaxing in one of the sun loungers and she was amazing. She looked like Marilyn Monroe, from her short blonde wavy hair to her dark eyes to her bright red lipstick.
She had a similar figure to Monroe's except her breasts were much larger. So large in fact that they were barely hemmed in by her strapless bustierre one piece that contoured to every inch of her curves. "Hi, I'm Jeff."
"Sylvia." She glanced from his face, to his penis, to the other side of the pool.
"Mind if I sit down?"
Sylvia nodded to the chair next to her and Jeff took it. "Is that your wife over there?"
Jeff looked to Rachel on the other side of the pool. "Yes, that's Rachel."
"And she is OK with you screwing every woman out here?"
"OK with it? She's probably wetter than she'd be if she was in the pool right now."
That brought a subtle smirk to Sylvia's lips. "With a figure like hers, why would you possibly need anyone else?"
"Don't get me wrong, she is more than enough to satisfy me. But just because chocolate cake is delicious, that doesn't mean that you shouldn't try other kinds."
"And is that what you are doing? You had some chocolate cake, then some strawberry, and now you want vanilla?"
"That's one way of looking at it. Another is that I'm a people pleaser. I love pleasing others."
Sylvia looked at Rachel again. "So, how did the chocolate cake taste?"
Jeff was pretty sure he saw her angle. She loved dirty talk. "Decadent."
"And the strawberry?"
"As sweet as if I plucked the berry straight from the bush."
"And what about vanilla?"
"I would love to find out."
"But you already know." She looked over at Rachel again. "How does your wife taste?"
Jeff suddenly realised he had read her all wrong. Sylvia wasn't playing word games, she was hinting at a secret desire for another woman. "Well, that is something beyond exquisite. There is no way to describe it. You just have to try it for yourself."
Sylvia's eyes went wide in shock. She was embarrassed that he actually suggested it, but she didn't object. She didn't actually say any more. Jeff stood and stretched his hand out to help her up. She hesitated before taking it and standing to her feet.
Jeff slowly led her around the pool, being careful not to rush her for fear she would spook. They reached Rachel and Jeff made the introductions. They shook hands and said hello.
"Sylvia here was just asking about the tasty desserts I have had here tonight. She was curious what your pussy would taste like."
Sylvia startled at the word "pussy" and Rachel smiled. Rachel said, "Well, you're more than welcome to a taste."
Sylvia was suddenly embarrassed and flustered. Flirting words were one thing, this was moving very quickly into the category of action. She glanced at the B&B behind her. "Oh I can't. My husband would never approve."
"You're at a swingers event. He would approve of you having sex with potentially multiple other men, but not one woman?" Rachel queried as she slowly tugged the strings of her bikini bottoms loose.
"That's different." Sylvia said, mesmerised by the triangle that was simply laying over Rachel's pelvis. You could tell in her eyes that she was hoping for a strong wind to blow it away.
"Really?" Rachel asked, "Most husbands I know are more likely to fantasize about their wife with women before men!"
Sylyvia still delayed, even as Jeff moved behind her and gently kissed her neck. "I'll tell you what." Jeff took the zipper on the back of her suit and excruciatingly slowly began to lower it. "You let her taste you, and we'll see where things go from there."
The zipper stopped just above her butt and the front hung loose, giving Jeff a peak down the front at her exquisite tits. From the size of her nipples he could tell she was excited. He gently took the sides of her suit and slowly pulled down until she was standing pool side, completely in the buff.
Rachel stood, leaving her bottoms on the chair below her, and stepped intimately close to Sylvia. She bent her elbow's and let her fingers gingerly graze across the ghost woman's stomach as her hands approached her breasts.
Rachel's fingers rested delicately on the other woman's areolas.
Sylvia flinched, her breath caught in her throat, but she didn't step away. Rachel then placed an ever so delicate kiss on Sylvia's lips.
Sylvia licked her lips nervously and whispered, "I, I've never actually been with another woman."
"That's OK. There's a first time for everything." Rachel encouraged as she looked lovingly into the woman's eyes before kissing her again, this time with more intimacy. Then she drew a trail of kisses across her cheek to her ear. She sucked on the woman's lobe briefly, before continuing her kisses down her neck.
When Rachel reached her collarbone, she drew a wet line along its length with her tongue. As she reached her sternum, Rachel retracted her tongue and began teasing Sylvia with just her hot breath. She began with her mouth wide, as if she were fogging a mirror, but as she reached Sylvia's areola she puckered her lips and blew gentle circles around her nipple.
Rachel then stopped and stretched out her tongue to briefly tap the tip of Syvlia's engorged nipple. Sylvia gasped loudly. But her real reaction came when Rachel sucked the woman's nipple into her mouth. Sylvia's entire body shook from a mild orgasm and she moaned weakly.
Rachel smiled and said, "We're not done yet." Then she continued her trail of kisses down the ghost woman's flat stomach. She playfully tickled her navel with her nose, before finally reaching the woman's slit.
Rachel gave her pussy lips a quick peck and Sylvia felt her stomach jump into her chest and goosebumps ripple up her spine. Rachel then stretched her tongue out and penetrated the other woman. Sylvia's pleasured moans quickly became a common occurrence, especially after Rachel began involving her fingers.
As much as Jeff wanted to join in and make a threesome out of the situation, it wasn't about his fantasy, it was about Sylvia's. Besides, he had someone else to attend to. So he quietly slipped away as Rachel continued her activities.
Jeff walked back to Clarissa and offered her his hand. "You wanted a show, now let me offer you front row seats."
Clarissa smiled and took his hand. He helped her out of the pool and guided her to the action with gentle fingertips against her lower back. They walked slowly, because despite her eagerness to be a voyeur, typically she never got such an up close view of the action.
By the time they returned to the sapphic coupling, the two had changed positions. Rachel was now completely nude as well and they were scissoring on the lounge chair. Their hands roamed and explored each other's bodies greedily, while their lips were inseparable. Their pelvis's grinding intimately into each other.
Clarissa stopped with a chair still separating them. That was apparently as close as she felt comfortable getting. Which was fine with Jeff, he didn't want to interrupt the other couple and ruin Sylvia's fantasy.
Jeff slid his hands around her hips in a lover's cuddle. He rested his chin on her shoulder and they watched the show together. Jeff's hands laid flat against her stomach at first. Every muscle in his body wanted him to move faster, but he had learned discipline over the years. He needed to make sure he did everything right, so that Clarissa's ultimate fantasy was finally achieved.
A moment or two into their voyeurism, Jeff let a hand slip below Clarissa's bikini line. The woman startled, but didn't protest. Jeff began to draw gentle circles around her clit. This caused her breathing to stutter as she felt her pulse rising.
Jeff then kissed her and Clarissa tilted her head to the side, elongating her neck, giving him greater access to continue. So he did, he kissed back and forth from her ear and cheek, to the edge of her shoulder. When he began working his way back up to her face, Clarissa turned her head so that she could meet his lips with her own.
They kissed passionately for several seconds before breaking the kiss to study each other's face intently. As their eyes darted back and forth attempting to scan every inch of the other's face to their memories, Jeff's left hand began moving. It came up behind her neck and pulled the ties holding up her top. The triangles fell away exposing her pert breasts.
Clarissa looked down at her sudden exposure, but felt no shame. Then she noticed Sylvia looking at her as Rachel kissed her neck. The voyeur had suddenly become the exhibitionist. She smiled and reached behind her, freeing the bottom tie as well, so that the entire top fell to the ground.
Sylvia's attention quickly returned to her lover, but she did catch glimpses of Clarissa and Jeff every now and then. Clarissa's hands came up and cupped her own breasts as she moaned and gently twisted her nipples. Jeff's fingers were soaked inside her bikini bottoms, and he was confident it wasn't from pool water.
Jeff slid his hands up her body and joined hers on her breasts. Clarissa was perfectly willing to let his hands do the teasing, so she slid hers out and let Jeff play with her tits.
Suddenly, she remembered that he was butt naked, as she felt his searing rod press against her butt and low back. Clarissa decided it was time to escalate things further, so she pulled the strings on both hips and let her bottoms fall to the ground.
Jeff's member was now sandwiched like a hot dog between her cheeks. They were both more than ready for the next step. They moved to a lounge chair and Jeff sat sideways on it, facing the other couple. Clarissa faced them as well and sat on his lap, careful to guide him into her canal.
Clarissa and Jeff moaned in tandem as she lowered herself completely onto him. Then she began to half bounce half flex her hips back and forth, quickly building both of their pleasures.
Jeff kissed her back over and over again as his hands tweaked and fondled her breasts. Clarissa played with her clit and savored every inch of Jeff's shaft. Her pleasure was building fast, especially as she watched the couple in front of her. Their orgasmic screams were double the volume of hers, which turned her on even more.
The pressure in her loins built and built until she was at her bursting point and her hips bucked into the air and she sprayed Rachel and Sylvia with her cum before disappearing into a vapor. Sylvia quickly followed with her own final orgasm as she licked Clarissa's cum off her lips.
Jeff groaned in frustration as he had been left hanging again. He dropped his head back and laid there with his eyes closed. He thought about masturbating to finish off, but before he could, he felt a very familiar tightness around his member.
He looked up to see his beautiful wife, drenched in sweat straddling him. "I didn't get to finish either."
Jeff smiled and set up. They embraced and kissed and screwed like there was no tomorrow. They had both been so close that within seconds both of their loins were bursting from their orgasms. Jeff pumped load after load of cum inside his wife, and Rachel was spraying squirt everywhere, drenching them both in her juices.
They held each other in such a tight embrace that it became hard to breathe. But they held each other anyway as their bodies twitched and convulsed through several orgasmic aftershocks.
When they were finally able to unclench, they just stared into each other's eyes. Jeff was the first to speak, but his message was simple. "I love you." Rachel reciprocated the same, and then they kissed.