Hey everyone! Glad you liked the first chapter! Hope this one lives up to expectations. Thanks for the likes and the great comments. Please keep them coning but remember, I will not put up with name-calling or abuse in comments. Those will be deleted without prejudice. Enjoy!
Danni returned later that evening and as promised, took more candid shots with Kevin. With the new camera Kevin had purchased, the shots came out looking better than the ones from the cellphone. Per Danni's request, Kevin figured out the timer function and was able to be in a few of the pictures with his wife, albeit from the waist-down only. Several of the new pictures featured Dangerous Danni with her mouth full of a mysterious cock and an advertisement detailing the live show. Thirty-one minutes after these were posted to the FYEO site, eighteen notifications chimed on Kevin's cellphone signaling subscriptions to the event.
By the time the day of the livestream arrived, over seventy users had subscribed to participate in Dangerous Danni's first real time event. Danni spent most of her day at the salon and spa getting her hair highlighted and styled and getting massaged and skin moisturized. Kevin checked and rechecked the lighting and camera equipment hourly to make sure everything would go off without a hitch. When he wasn't checking everything in the basement, he was pacing back and forth. He would later say he thought he was more nervous than Danni was about that evening.
The livestream was scheduled to start at 10pm that night and by 8:45pm Kevin was a wreck. He hadn't seen Danni but for a few minutes that morning and was getting anxious about her late arrival. At five minutes after 9pm, Kevin heard the front door open and footsteps on the hardwood floors. He began to race up the stairs to see what kept her away so long, but Danni shouted down the hall to him.
"Don't come up yet!" she cried. "I'll be down there in a few minutes!"
Kevin stopped midway up the staircase and turned back around and re-entered the spare room. He checked the time on his phone every thirty seconds until he finally heard her coming down the stairs. Heavy clunks announced her arrival on the basement tile and Kevin surmised that Danni had bought some new shoes- her steps were louder than usual.
When she entered the room, Kevin noticed two things: Danni was wearing very little, a blue quarter-cup lace bra that barely hid her pink nipples and a matching micro thong. Black platform heels adorned her feet with freshly painted toenails. The second thing he noticed was the most striking. Danni was not alone. A familiar figure strutted through the doorway behind his wife. Dressed in the exact same attire as Danni was Mira, the neighbor from down the street who had revealed to Danni that she also had made money on her own FYEO page.
Danni ambled up to her husband, who was still in a state of shock at seeing their neighbor in a nearly nude state, and lightly pecked his lips. "Let's give 'em a show, baby..." she said softly as she and Mira climbed on the bed and waited for the clock to strike ten. Kevin shook himself back to reality and said, "Danni, could I talk to you for a minute?"
++++++++++
Seven Days Prior
Danni had an idea. The video they had posted last week went over better than either could have imagined. And the money! Three thousand dollars for basically three hours work between taking the pictures and shooting the video. If a pre-recorded sex show garnered that much, then Kevin's idea of a live show could be huge. The page had taken off and Danni wanted to make sure the hype would continue. She had an idea, but first, she had to convince someone that this idea would be as big as she thought it would be.
Danni did as she told Kevin she would; she went to the lingerie store and purchased her outfit for the real time show then went to a boutique for a hot new pair of heels. Danni found what she was looking for then went to put her plan into motion. She drove the route back to her home but instead of turning into her driveway, she stopped five houses short and pulled up to the home of her friend and neighbor, Mira.
Mira invited Danni in and poured two cups of coffee and the two women sat on the couch for an early afternoon chat. They talked about the weather and the latest neighborhood gossip then Danni put her plan into motion.
"Hey," she started, "remember that online sex thing you told me about awhile back?"
"Oh, that." Mira answered then took a sip from her mug. "It was kinda fun for a while, but alotof work. You know I still get checks from that every month. It doesn't bring in as much as when I was active but it's a nice little bonus."
"So, your page is still active?" Danni asked.
"The page is," Mira answered, "but I haven't added anything new for months. It's tough with work and no one to film for you. Doing everything yourself is a real pain in the ass. Why do you want to know about that stuff? You didn't show Kevin, right?"
"No, I didn't show him," Danni confirmed. "But can I showyousomething?"
"I guess so," Mira replied. "Whatcha got?"
Danni pulled out her cellphone and brought up the Danni Dangerous page on FYEO then handed the device to her friend. Mira's jaw dropped slack when she saw the images on the screen. "When did you do this?" she asked Danni, never taking her eyes off the phone.
"A few weeks ago," Danni revealed. "It was Kevin's idea. We needed to make some quick money and that seemed like the best way. It just kind of exploded fast, especially after the video."
"Video?" Mira repeated her friend's last word. "You made a video? Can...can I see it?"
Danni smiled then took the phone from Mira's hand, making sure to brush her fingers lightly with her own as she retrieved the device. Danni unlocked a secret file and brought up the video then passed the smartphone back to Mira, holding her neighbor's hand while they both watched. Mira's eyes went wide as the image of Danni's nude body came into view. Her jaw dropped again when Danni began fingering herself. By the time the flick reached the dildo play, Mira's other hand had wandered to her crotch, covered in a pair of white shorts, and was rubbing up and down her cotton covered mound.
When the video ended, Mira was left dumbstruck. "Jesus, Danni," she exclaimed, "that was more than hot. It was fucking fire!"
"We're planning another one this coming Saturday," Danni told her aroused friend. "Not just a video, though. A livestream. Ninety minutes of anything goes. Say, what was your screen name on FYEO?"
"Mira Impossible," the lithe blonde stated, still a littler taken aback from her friend's revelation. "Y'know, I did some vids and a camshow or two, but yours was far and away better than anything I ever posted."
"Hmmmmm..." Danni pondered as she sat the phone on the coffee table in front of the two then took Mira's hand again and drew closer to her friend and neighbor. "Danni Dangerous and Mira Impossible, together for ninety minutes doing whatever the paying audience asks. Interested?" she asked then planted a light kiss on Mira's soft lips.
"Danni..." Mira said as their mouths parted. "Danni, is Kevin on board with this? Stupid question, of course he is. He's a guy, right? But..."
"But?" Danni echoed.
"But I haven't done anything in months, D?" Mira disclosed. "Yeah, I get checks, but I'm pretty sure it's just from guys that forgot to end their auto-renewals. No one probably even remembers me?"
"Don't sell the male libido short, Mira," Danni stated. "Kevin can tell you the names of most all the women in the pictures he sees and likes on Tanglr. Men remember the things that get them going. I'm guessing you caused your fair share of hard-ons, and the masses will be dying for more, once they recognize you again. Wouldn't you like those checks to be a little bigger every month?"
"Well, sure," Mira confessed. "I wouldn't turn down more money. It's just..."
Danni inched closer to Mira and slid her hand up the leg opening in her shorts until she felt the silkiness of her panties. "It's just that you've never done anything with another woman before?" she asked as her nails traced up and down her friend's slit and feeling her wet excitement that had seeped through.
"No," Mira said just over a whisper. "I've done things with another woman before. Just not for a long time." She involuntarily jumped when Danni's finger wiggled her pulsing clitoris through her underwear and moved a little closer to her friend.
"And I can promise you half of whatever we make on this," Danni added as her finger slipped under the waistband of Mira's panties and directly stimulated her buzzing nub. "No guarantees, but it looks like it could be a big payday come Saturday. What do you say?" she propositioned Mira as another finger slipped inside Mira's panties and began to work her clit vigorously. Mira leaned back on the arm of the couch, giving Danni better access to her soaked pussy. Just before she exploded in orgasm, Mira acquiesced and shouted her approval.
"Yes! Yes!" she shouted. "I want to do it with you! I want you!!" she agreed as her body trembled with unbridled bliss. When Mira came down from her orgasm, Danni removed her hand from underneath her friend's shorts then licked Mira's passionate wetness from her fingers.
"I was hoping you'd say yes," Danni said as she moved her face close to Mira's. "Let's go shopping. I know just the place."
++++++++++
Present day
Danni climbed back off the bed and stood on slightly unsteady legs. She teetered on her new heels a bit as she walked to meet Kevin in the main room of the basement. Kevin swung the door to the spare room shut so that their conversation would be more clandestine.
"Are you drunk?" Kevin asked his wife who smiled a little at his accusation.
"Maybe a little," Danni confessed. "Just a little champagne to kill the jitters and some pre-celebration, I guess. Don't worry, we didn't drive. We walked here."
"You walked here dressed like that?!" Kevin questioned as he waved a hand in front of Danni's scantily clad form.
"No, of course not!" Danni answered. "We had long coats on. No one saw anything. We're saving that for the paying customers."
"So, this was your big idea?" Kevin, full of questions, asked. "Bringing Mira in on this? You could have let me in on it. I'm not saying it isn't a great idea, but it was a bit of a shock seeing you both together like that. What did you promise her?"
"Half." Danni stated matter-of-factly. "I think that's fair. Have you seen how many people have paid for this livestream? Even half of the money we've already made from this is going to be more than we could earn in three months combined at our real jobs."
Kevin couldn't argue with his wife's math. It was going to be an incredible payday just for the sixty-minute session. And those that chose to stick around for the last thirty minutes would be paying more. Kevin had meant to tell Danni not to get too crazy on camera until about ten minutes before the hour was up to entice the subscribers to stay. Kevin motioned for both to re-enter the spare room to join Mira and prepare for the night's festivities.
"Everything OK, Kevin?" Mira asked as the couple opened the door and came back into the downstairs room.
"Everything's fine," Kevin confirmed. "I was just taken aback a little when you walked through the door with D. Mira, have you done a camshow before?"
Mira acknowledged that she had indeed livestreamed before and knew what to expect. Danni and Mira had lots of room on the bed for play and for Kevin's laptop where they would be able to see the chat for requests.
"Now, ladies," Kevin began, "we want to give our audience their money's worth, but it occurred to me earlier that we don't want to give it to them too quickly. If it gets hot and heavy right off the bat, then no one will want to pay for the extra half hour. When you get a new message, say it out loud and if there's a request then I'll write it down on the whiteboard, so we have it ready to go. I think you two should get kissy and handsy, but don't try to get each other off until I give you the go-ahead around fifty minutes into the show, OK?"
Both minimally dressed women nodded their understanding of Kevin's directions then sat quietly waiting for the appointed time to begin. Two minutes before the show was to start, Mira leaned over and whispered in Danni's ear.
"I'm so nervous," she said softly, her red painted lips just a millimeter from Danni's lobe. She shot her tongue out and circled a light trail of wetness around the diamond stud in her friend's ear then spoke again. "But I'm already super wet and excited. I can't wait for that fifty-minute mark..."
At T minus ten seconds before the livestream was to begin, Kevin started the countdown verbally. At three seconds, he counted down to the start time with his fingers. At zero, the red light from his camera flicked on and the stream went live. Kevin pointed to his wife to start, and the show began.
"Hey, hotties!" Danni started. "Danni Dangerous here! Wow! Thanks to all of you for joining us tonight! This should be a lot of fun. As you can see, I brought a friend to double that fun. Let's get started. What do you all have to say?"
The chat lit up with a flurry of activity and Danni began to read aloud all the messages coming through.
"JM2763 says, 'Hey Danni. Loved your last video. Super hot! Can we expect more of that tonight? Is that Mira Impossible with you?' Hey, JM, you guessed it! I wanted to make tonight extra special for you all, so I found the hottest babe out there to join me. Mira, you want to say something to the guys out there?"
"Hey, guys!" Mira said into the camera. "Did you miss me? I sure missed all of you. Danni asked me to come over and have some fun with her for you all tonight. And no one says no to Danni Dangerous..." At that she pressed her lips to Danni's and the two kissed for the masses.
Danni and Mira went through the chat and read every line aloud so that Kevin could write down the requests for the women. As promised, the two women did not go right into the heavier demands right away.
"Kinkyboi12 wants us to take our bras off," Danni said at the nineteen-minute mark of the show. She saw Kevin nod his approval then Danni turned to Mira. "You think we should?" Mira smiled and reached behind Danni to unhook her bra clasp. Danni followed suit and reciprocated the action until both were topless.
"God, I love your tits," Mira said to Danni as she took a breast in each hand and fondled them gently. Danni half-faked a moan of pleasure when Mira took one of her nipples in her mouth and sucked for a few seconds. Danni threw her head back and let her long red hair, now highlighted with subtle blonde streaks, cascade down her back until it almost touched the sheets on the mattress. Mira switched her suckle to Danni's other nipple and greedily sucked until Kevin gave the two ladies a thumbs up then a scissors motion with his fingers letting them know they should return to the chat.
"Mmmmmmm... more of that in a little bit," Danni said as she backed off a few inches and broke Mira's seal on her large tit. "Let's see what else you naughty fuckers have to say." The two returned to the laptop and continued reading the messages coming in, now faster and more explicit. There was a call for the ladies to remove their thongs at thirty-seven minutes in and Kevin circled his index finger and thumb for the OK sign. Danni's thong came off first and showed her hairless pussy, waxed to perfection a scant four hours before the livestream. Mira followed suit and when her G-string came off, she revealed a small strip of blondish pubic hair above the beginning of her slit.
The chat broke into a flurry of activity when the women got completely naked except for their matching black platform heels. The group was mixed on whether to take those off or let them be. In the end, the ladies sided with the "On" crowd and the shoes remained. Kevin furiously wrote on his whiteboard then held it up so the duo could see: 45 minutes in. More logging on!
Danni decided that they had waited long enough and began to run her fingers up and down Mira's moist opening, concentrating on her swollen clitoris. Mira's moan of approval was loud enough for all to hear, and she laid back with the laptop and let Dangerous Danni and her fingers work their magic.
Danni looked from Mira to the camera and saw Kevin waving to get her attention. She saw him mouth the words, "Not too fast," and she understood. He didn't want Mira to cum before the hour was up. They were all having fun, but it was still a business, and they were determined to make as much money as possible. Danni stopped her stroking and licked her fingers.
"Oh, she tastes sooooooo good, guys..." Danni toyed with her audience. "I'd love to share her with all of you."
Mira then spoke up, "DanteR52 wants to know when we're going to use our mouths. I think that's a fair question." She glanced at Kevin who held up five fingers then two and nodded, letting her know that they were fifty-two minutes in, and it was time to go for it. Mira wasted no time in switching spots with Danni, propping her up against the headboard and spreading her legs wide so that Danni's pink showed prominently.
"This one's for you, Dante," Mira said as she laid belly down on the bed and put her face between Danni's legs. Kevin hit the zoom button and focused in on where the action was taking place. Through the viewfinder, Kevin saw, as did the paying audience, Danni's protruding clit being licked furiously by Mira Impossible's flailing tongue. Mira worked her tongue up and down Danni's nub then sunk her mouth muscle deep inside her hole and tasted her offering.
At thirty seconds before the hour was up, Kevin waved his hand at Danni and let her know that the time was approaching. Kevin zoomed the view out, showing the two women engaged in the throes of passion. Through ragged breaths and moans of pleasure, Danni spoke to the camera and her audience.
"it's almost that... Ohhhh... time, guys. If you want to see more then go... Mmmmmm... go ahead and sign up for our after-party party. Lots more to cum! Oh, God! That feels so good! Hurry up and sign in. We'll be waiting..."
For those that did not pay for the extra thirty minutes, the feed cut off just before Danni said the word "waiting." For the rest of the audience that ponied up for the extra time, the two women did not disappoint. "Time for the real show, guys," Mira said after she removed her mouth from Danni's sizzling box. The smaller blonde first pulled Danni from her propped position to completely horizontal on the bed then swung herself around so that the two women were in a sixty-nine position.
"I've been waiting all night to do this," Mira said as she looked into the camera and winked before she buried her face between Danni's legs and began to pleasure her partner with her lips and tongue. Danni returned the favor and clamped her teeth lightly around Mira's clit, trapping it in an enamel-covered prison while she viciously thrashed her button with her tongue.
Kevin started to use the zoom function on the camera then decided to remove the filming device from the tripod and walked nearer the action on the basement bed. He knew he could get a better angle on both women if he could move the camera. The feed went shaky and blurred a bit for a moment but after the picture steadied, the paying audience was treated to the sight of Danni's lipsticked mouth working Mira's soaked pussy to the point of explosion.
Kevin then moved down the bed so that the viewers could watch Mira Impossible swiping her tongue up and down Danni Dangerous' wet clit while plunging two fingers in and out of her creamy opening. Kevin glanced at his watch for the elapsed time on the live stream: seventeen minutes to go. From the way Danni's chest was heaving breaths in and out, he knew her orgasm was imminent. Kevin also surmised that Mira wouldn't last much longer with the paces Danni was putting her through. Kevin returned to his position on the other side of the room, placed the camera back on the tripod, and waited for both women to cross the finish line.
Danni came first at just under thirteen minutes before the show was to end. The audience saw Mira slip one more finger into her worked-over gash and wiggle her fingers back and forth, lightly scraping her nails across Danni's fibrous G-Spot. Danni's back arched slightly as she came hard and squirted a jet of fluids off the end of the mattress that splashed Kevin's shoes but missed dousing the expensive new camera. Her hips bucked up and down on the bed until her pleasure waves subsided then her lower half laid still.
Danni Dangerous caused Mira Impossible's orgasm at ten minutes and thirty-nine seconds before the end of the feed and Kevin once more removed the camera from the tripod to catch the climax. Mira's ass did not bounce up and down on Danni's face when she let loose; she ground her spasming sex hard into Danni's nose and mouth for such an interminable length of time that Kevin feared that Danni had quit breathing. Danni audibly gasped for air when Mira finally lifted herself from her face and rolled to the side to lay with her sex partner for that night.
Danni caught her breath and reached for the laptop on the nightstand next to the bed. The screen flashed a torrent of congratulatory messages and even more that expressed their amazement at the show's finish- lots of "Wows" and "OMGs" scrolled at light speed across the screen. Danni play-acted wiping the sweat from her brow then spoke to the camera and the remaining audience.
"Well..." Danni started then blew out a heavy exhale. "That was fun. Did you guys enjoy it?"
Another wave of messages flooded the chat, mostly "Fuck Yeahs!" and fire emojis. Mira and Danni laughed in unison when they saw the electronic approvals.
"I think they liked it, D," Mira said as she turned to Danni and kissed her lips, still sticky from her own lubrication. "Mmmmmmm... I taste good too. We'll definitely have to do this again.
Kevin signaled to the women that there was less than a minute left in the livestream and to wrap it up.
"OK, guys," Danni concluded, "time for us to say good night. We had a blast tonight, and I almost blasted the camera," she laughed. "So, until next time. Remember, Danni Dangerous..."
"...And Mira Impossible!" Mira chimed in, then the two said in unison, "love you!!"
The two waved to their audience for the last five seconds of the show until the feed cut off. Kevin pumped his right arm once in victory then ran to the bed and dove between the two naked women. He kissed his wife in celebration then shocked Mira by kissing her as well.
"You two," he began then repeated, "you two... were a-maz-ing! I haven't tallied up the total, but my prelims are telling me that this is going to be big. Not just big. Huge!"
"That's great, honey," Danni said then added, "I hope you didn't mind my surprise tonight. I didn't want you to get jealous of me and Mira having fun."
'Of course not," Kevin answered. "It was super-hot watching you two. I do think I'm going to need some release of my own though."
"That's good to hear," Danni said as she turned Kevin on his side to face her, "because Mira here," at that the second woman in the bed slid up to Kevin and pressed her naked body against his back, "thinks we should show you some extra special gratitude for being such a good director." Mira turned Kevin's face to hers and kissed him as Danni unbuttoned his jeans and worked his zipper down. She fished her husband's growing cock out of his pants then engulfed his length in her mouth while Mira continued to suck his tongue. The live stream had finished, but the trio's night had just begun.
++++++++++
Kevin awoke the next morning still in the basement spare room, Danni on his right and Mira on his left, both with their heads resting on his chest. He smiled as he recalled the previous night's transpirations. The livestream had gone better than expected for everyone. He believed the audience got more than their money's worth with the sizzling girl-on-girl show and, although he hadn't tallied up the final take, Kevin knew that even with the split with Mira, it was going to be a healthy payday.
Then there was their impromptu after-after-after party with the camera off. One of Kevin's dreams came true when the camshow finished as Danni and Mira decided to reward him for his hard work on the feed. Kevin was surprised at the two women's stamina. After the show they had put on earlier, he thought they would have fallen asleep directly after they had finished with each other. But for the next two hours, Danni and Mira took turns sucking and fucking Kevin's hard cock until he finally shot his load on Mira's pretty ass after pumping her tight box while she had her face once again buried in Danni's pussy. All three were exhausted by the time Kevin finished and decided to sleep on the livestream stage that night and clean up in the morning.
Kevin gingerly left the bed and the sleeping women and silently exited the room. He went to the main level of the home to get the final numbers from the live feed. When he crunched the numbers, remembering to allow for the three percent that FYEO would take, he was astonished to learn that the night had netted them over fifteen thousand dollars. An even split with Mira would ensure both parties would receive over seventy-five hundred each.
Danni and Mira made their way upstairs and both grabbed a cup of coffee to help them start their day. Both had slipped on terrycloth robes that Kevin had provided them with the night before. Kevin sat them both down then revealed the final take from last night. Both women's eyes went wide as he told them the amount they had made and how much each would take home.
"Kevin," Mira began, "I want to thank you for this. My car has needed some repairs for a while now and I've been putting off repairs for too long. This is going to help so much. But I don't want the split to be fifty-fifty. We used your home, your camera, and your page to do this, so I want you to keep another ten percent, if that's OK with you both."
"Are you sure, Mira?" Danni asked. "You worked just as hard as we did on this."
"In the moment I may have," Mira responded, "but you two did so much behind the scenes. You should take a little more. I insist."
"If that's how you want it, Mira," Kevin acquiesced. "But don't be surprised if you get some bouquets of roses soon."
"I'm going to give you both more than that very soon," Mira said as she leaned over and kissed Kevin lightly then leaned the other way and pressed her lips against Danni's. "Gotta get back home now, friends. I have a feeling that Mira Impossible's page is going to get some new activity after last night." She stood up and grabbed her long coat that she had worn walking to Kevin and Danni's home the night before. Untying and dropping the robe from her shoulders, Mira once again revealed her naked form to the couple. She gave them both a little wiggle then put the coat back on along with her heels then exited the house via the front door and took her Walk of Fame back to her home five houses down the street.
"I think we made a new best friend last night," Danni said as she stood and placed her coffee mug in the sink. "And last night was ultra fun with her. But now I think I need some one-on-one time with you, mister."
"I should really clean up that basement bedroom first," Kevin remarked as he also stood from the table. He moved to go down the stairs and Danni grabbed him by the hand before he could leave the room.
"I wasn't asking." Danni said forcefully as she pulled her husband to her and kissed him hard on his mouth. "You and me. Our room. Now."
"Do you think we should shower before we..." Kevin tried to say but Danni interrupted him.
"No," she stated. "I want to taste all three of us on you. You can shower after we're done." She turned him around and smacked his ass through his jeans. Now, get moving, pal."
Kevin overreacted playfully to his wife's ass slap then turned around and shot her a mock salute. Danni moved to slap her husband's ass once again, but he ran to their shared bedroom laughing. She returned his laugh then raced to join Kevin to delight in each other for the next ninety minutes.
++++++++++
The following Thursday, Kevin checked their joint checking account and saw the deposit from the livestream show: $15,178.65. He shook his head slowly in near disbelief.No one but Danni could have pulled that much in, he thought. Yes, Mira was there and helped immensely, but Kevin knew that she could have been swapped with virtually any other woman and the haul would have been just as good. But Kevin and Danni had promised her a cut and he would keep that promise to her.
Forty percent of the take came to $6071 and some change, but Kevin decided to round that number up to an even $6100. Kevin took a half day from the plant and did his banking. He went to Mira's house down the street from his own and handed her a cashier's check for the promised amount. Mira rewarded his delivery with a scorching kiss and an offer of a blowjob for his kindness. Kevin accepted the first with great pleasure but declined the second offer with a smile. He had partaken in the three-way with Mira and his wife, but he wasn't sure what Danni would think about him stepping out on his own, so he politely begged off.
After Mira's share, the sixty percent that belonged to Danni and Kevin came to just over nine thousand dollars. More than they could have hoped to bring in at any part-time job, and certainly not in ninety minutes. This would go a long way to getting them back on their feet financially, but there was still more to take care of in the way of bills and loan payoffs.
Kevin had taken enough pictures of Danni to keep the page going for a few weeks, and he knew they could always take more or do another video, but he really wanted to score big to try to get the debt paid off in one felled swoop. An idea came to him, and a smile crept onto his face, but he would have to be very careful with how he presented this to Danni. If they could pull this off, then they would be back to even or possibly more by the end of the month.
Danni had to work a full day so Kevin decided to soften the hammer hit that might be coming when he told his wife about his next idea for Danni Dangerous. He made sure the house was spotless; dishes done, laundry washed, dried and folded, and floors swept of the tiniest mote of dust. After the cleaning was done, he made his wife's favorite meal for dinner and set the table with their fine China and silverware. When Danni arrived home after work, Kevin had everything ready.
"Honey, that was wonderful," Danni said as she finished her dinner, "and the house looks great! You didn't have to do all that. I could have helped when I got home."
"It wasn't that bad," Kevin disclosed. "And I know how much you like parmigiana, so I thought 'What the Hell', let's make it for my hard-working wife."
"I saw the account earlier today," Danni revealed. "I can't believe we made that much off that show. Do you think we should do another one?"
"Well," Kevin started, "I've been thinking about that. And I have an idea that might put us over the top and take the page through the roof."
"I'm all ears," Danni said as she rested her head on her interlaced fingers and leaned in a little closer to her husband, waiting for his big reveal.
"OK," he continued, "Picture this in big flashing letters on the Tanglr and FYEO pages: 'Win a Date with Danni Dangerous!!'. What do you think?"
Danni said nothing, only stared at her husband for a few seconds that felt like hours for Kevin. She then leaned back a bit and began with her questions with just two words. "A date?"
"Baby, who wouldn't want to go on a date with you?" Kevin answered his wife's question with another question. "You are THE most beautiful woman I've ever seen. And if the past month has shown us anything, it's shown us that I'm not the only one that thinks that."
"How exactly would someone 'win' this date with me? Pick a name out of a hat with entries?" Danni quizzed her husband, her interest piqued.
"It would be more like a silent auction really," Kevin replied. "A highest bidder kind of thing, y'know? You know how the volunteer fire department does their date raffles every year to raise money, right? It's not so different from that."
"I don't know that it would be exactly the same as the fireman's raffle, Kevin," Danni countered. "The women who win those dates maywantto fuck those guys, but I'm pretty sure it isn't expected. Like it or not, I'm a sex worker now and there would probably be an expectation. How would we know this would be a safe transaction."
"I've been thinking about that too," Kevin admitted. "It might be an auction, but I never said it had to be afairauction. I want to try to make as much as we can but that doesn't mean we can't handpick the winner. Who would know, right?"
"I don't know," Danni said doubtingly, "actually meeting someone from the page. How would we handpick the winner?"
"The bids will all have names, addresses, telephone numbers and copies of their driver's license. Of course, you'd be the one to pick who you want to go out with. We can take bids for two weeks and see what we get. If there's no one you deem worthy, then we'll just tell them that I won. No one knows who I am. But I think you'll be surprised at how many bids we get and for how much. So, what do you think?"
"I think you're crazy, Kevin Bartolli," Danni responded. "But, so far, your ideas have all worked out amazingly. I think we should give it a go. If it doesn't work out, then you can be my date. But you'll have to pay for it, buster!"
"I think it'll work out," Kevin stated, "but if not, then I'd pay any amount to go out with you, hot stuff. Let's go take some more pictures and maybe shoot a promo video for the contest."
"Give me a few minutes to change into Danni Dangerous," she said then rose from the dining room table. Kevin exhaled sharply then smiled again as she left the room. He knew he wouldn't have to pay a dime to go out with his sexy wife. Someone will pay a lot of money for that. This was going to be the big one that would solve most, if not all their problems.
++++++++++
Kevin took pictures of Danni Dangerous along with a short three-minute video announcing the contest and uploaded them to both pages they owned. Kevin was becoming a pro at video editing and web domain administrating and the video came out looking very professional. It started with Danni Dangerous sitting on the bed in the basement room in an emerald, green and black corset and black G-string. Her beaming smile was prominent as the video began.
"Hey, guys! Danni Dangerous here and we have a huge announcement for you." She started as she tossed her hair back and leaned in a bit, showing her cleavage. "Now, I know you all like looking at my pictures and videos, and I know a few of you have done some naughty things while watching, cuz you're naughty boys, and hopefully some girls too! But it's time to get out of your bedrooms and enter our contest to win a date with me! Just follow the link on the page and check out all the details. I can't wait to meet the winner. Until then, remember, Danni Dangerous loves you. And for one lucky winner, she's going to love you a lot!" Danni pronounced the word "lot" with a flip of her tongue across her white teeth then blew the camera a kiss as the video ended.
"Perfect, babe!" Kevin said in response to his wife's performance. "We'll shoot a few more throughout the next couple of weeks to keep the interest up. Then we'll choose the winner from the best of the bunch."
"Remember," Danni reminded her husband, "Iget to pick the guy, or the girl. I hope there's a few girls that bid." Kevin smiled at his beautiful wife. Ever since the livestream with Mira she was noticing sexy women more and more. But they still needed to think like businesspeople for the time being.
"I love that you're diggin' the ladies lately, sweetie," Kevin told her, "But I think we need to stick with a man for this one. I think it would tip the viewership off that this might not be a fair contest if we chose a woman. Although there are some women that have signed up on the page, from what I've seen, our audience is about ninety-six percent men. Others can chart those demographics too, so we'd better make it a man, OK?"
"OK," Danni said a little dejected then a question popped into her head. "You're not expecting me tosleepwith another guy, are you?!"
"No, of course not," Kevin said quickly. "There's nothing in the legalese that says anything about having sex with Danni Dangerous. In fact, there's a clause in the fine print that specifically states that physically touching you is not guaranteed. Any affection would be initiated by you and you alone."
"But what if I did?" Danni asked. She wanted to see just how far Kevin was willing to go with this. "Do you think that's something you could handle watching?"
"I guess I never thought about it," Kevin admitted. "I suppose I would leave it up to you to decide. With Mira, you kind of sprung it on me. I didn't have a lot of time to process it. I have two weeks to think about this; what may or may not happen. I do know that I would support whatever decision you made. I trust you, Danni. I wouldn't have married you if I didn't."
"Let's see how things go," Danni said as she stood from the bed and began to loosen her corset. "Who knows? Maybe we won't get anyone I think would be worthy and you'll be the lucky guy. I'd have sex with you, big boy. You're kinda cute!"
Danni completely loosened the corset and let it fall to the floor, exposing her wonderful breasts then walked up to her husband. She pressed her nearly naked body to his and kissed his lips as she rubbed his swelling crotch. "Wanna have a test run?"
"Maybe I'll make the bid first," Kevin said as he scooped his bride up into his arms and carried her back to the bed in the basement where they had just shot the video. He laid her down and removed her thong then dove his face between her legs. He could never resist his wife and, the thought that was formerly in the back of his mind now came to the forefront, he knew neither would any other man.
++++++++++