I walked down the still busy street, my coat flung over my shoulder. It was summer, and I was on my way to a new baby-sit address.
The guy was a film producer, or so he said, and he had the cutest little toddler – I'd seen pictures. I was glad I found a new place to sit, having just turned 18, being bored and low on cash. When I reached the right street, I started counting down the numbers. 28, 30, 32... 34, there it was. The house wasn't big, but not small either. Through the living room window I could see him sitting on the sofa, smart jacket and bow-tie, ready to go. As I rang the bell, he looked up and smiled at me.
He welcomed me in, and gave me a short tour around the house. "There's plenty of food in the fridge if you're hungry, and feel free to use the computer. Joshua is upstairs, asleep. I have to go now, my phone number is on the table if anything comes up."
With that he left, reassuring me that Joshua usually slept all night, and might he wake up a hug and a story usually were enough to lull him back to sleep.
First thing I did was tiptoe up the stairs, to check on the kid. He was indeed sound asleep, and cute as a button. I swiftly took a glance in the room next to his, which held a double bed, out of which one side was made. There seemed to be only men's clothes and no make-up or whatsoever, and I thus concluded my employer lived alone.
I went back down, and turned on the TV. Zapping past game shows, bad sitcoms and documentaries on the natural habitat of octopi, I settled on a half movie. The story wasn't dashing, but I liked the pictures. It was some soppy love story, and after a while I decided to get myself a soda. When I came back, a full glass of ice tea in one hand, I walked straight in on a love scene. I settled back on the couch, slightly aroused. I sipped my coke, and one hand slid under my skirt. I had made sure the curtains were closed, and I could watch the door from where I sat. The kid was asleep, so I deemed myself relatively safe.
The lovemaking went on and on, and I became more and more slippery down there. I rubbed my pussy though my tights. The woman on tv was riding her boyfriend now, grinding her hips into him. I slid down my tights, and put my hand in my panties. The woman grinded. I rubbed. The woman orgasmed, I slid my finger between my lips. And just as I was going to orgasm myself, the door opened.
Mr Rhett stood facing me, his face gradually moving from surprise to delight.
"Ah, I see you have made yourself quite at home."
I was frozen, unable to even remove my hand from my panties. I watched him as he walked into the room, begin unbuttoning his coat.
"I had forgotten my ticket, no use showing up without it." He said, taking off his coat and slinging it over the arm of the couch.
"Please, stop staring at me as if I'm Santa Claus." He smiled.
I attempted to smile back, but miserably failed. I then took out my hand, taking care to wipe it at my panties in the process. I sat up straight, and stared at him.
He smiled again, taking a step towards me.
"Did I mention you're quite the babe? I mean it. I can't say I mind having you masturbating on my couch..."
I forced a grin.
"As a matter of fact, please, continue. I think I could enjoy this."
I was shocked. Instead of going into a rage fit about me violating his hospitality, not to mention making nasty stains on his sofa, he was asking me to masturbate for him!
I thought on this for a moment. I was still rather horny and my pussy was dying for attention, and after all, I had already damaged my image of perfect college girl, so why not?
He seemed to sense my decision, and sat down into the chair opposite me.
"I see. Now, if you would be so kind, spread your legs so I can enjoy the show. Oh, and take off your panties, you will appreciate having them slightly clean afterwards."
I, though slightly reluctantly, did what he said. He was after all a stranger, twice my age, asking me to masturbate for his pleasure.
I put one leg up on the sofa, giving him a clear outlook on my pussy. He licked his lips, and untied his bowtie.
Slowly, I slid my finger back in between my wet lips. Wiggling a little, I rubbed my clitoris. I looked at him, and saw him enjoy.
I slid my finger into my pussy, and started to fingerfuck myself.
After a while, he said, "Now use a second finger, please." He was still a gentleman, though one indulging in barely-legal masturbation.
I slipped in a second finger. I resumed treating myself, whilst my other hand slid under my shirt. I kneaded my breasts, 36C's, and moved up the speed of my fingers in my pussy. I began moving my hips along, feeling the throbbing sensation of nearing an orgasm. It was rather sexy, masturbating while being watched. But again, right before I orgasmed, he stopped me.
"No, don't let go. I want to finish it."
He then continued to take off his chalet, which left him in his dress shirt and pants. He walked over to me, and kneeled down in between my legs. He placed his hand on my leg, and moved it down until it reached my pubic hair. He ran his fingers through it, and then slid one into my pussy.
He had long, manly hands, and his finger went in deep. He moved it in and out, increasing in speed, stopping only to add another finger, and then another. He was fucking me with three fingers now, and I once again felt myself nearing an orgasm. He too saw this, and took out his fingers.
"Why do you keep doing this to me?"
It was the first thing I said since he left, and he grinned widely. Not wasting another word, he bent his head down, and put his hands around my waist. I could feel his hot breath on my thighs, then on my cunt. He bent lower, eventually reaching my pussy with his tongue. He flicked it over my clit, sending shivers through my body. He licked it upside down, and then slid it into my cunt. He licked faster, faster, faster, pushing his tongue in deeper and deeper, until he could no more. Then he suddenly stopped, and bit my clit.
I came as hard as I never had before. It was the first time a man had masturbated me, and it felt so good.
I could feel him smile as he lapped up my hot juices, but he did not lick all of them.
Instead he stood up, and faced me.
"You liked that, didn't you?"
I nodded.
"Do you want more?"
I nodded again.
He then took off his pants, and I saw his boxers bulge. He took my hands, and led them towards his boxers. He made me take them off, and his cock sprang free. It was large, pink, and very erect. The swollen red head glistened with precum, and he placed my finger upon it. I wanted to wank him, but he wouldn't let me.
"No, I want to do you first. I want you to experience pleasure like you've never felt before."
He laid me down on the sofa, and took off my skirt and blouse. I only had my bra on, and he unfastened that too, and took it away from under my back.
He then sat over me, his huge cock nearing my cunt.
"Are you a virgin?" he asked.
"Yes," I said, and he smiled.
"I thought you were. You have masturbated often, I'm sure you have, but you are really going to like this."
He moved even closer to me, and grabbed his cock with his hand.
"This may hurt a little..."
He moved the tip against my lips, and pushed it in an inch or two. I inhaled my breath in short gasps, and he pushed the head in even further.
He then moved his chest upon mine, caressing my nipples as he slid in further. When he was halfway in, he pulled back almost to the end, and with one large thrust pushed in to his balls.
I gasped loudly, and felt tears spring into my eyes. Perhaps I should have picked a slightly less well-endowed guy to be my first!
He slid out, and pushed back in. His thrusts were slowly at first, but rapidly increased in speed. His hands squeezed my tits, as he fucked me harder and harder. It was really intense, and I moaned a little. This felt amazing!
"Harder!" I urged him, grinding my hips into him. He smiled, and pushed in roughly. It hurt, but I loved it. He went to fast and his thrusts were so hard, I felt like I was splitting open. I orgasmed harder than ever before. Amazing! He went on a few thrusts, and with his final thrust, he pushed in his cock as far as he could, and squirted into me.
I could feel his hot cum inside me, and I wanted to cry out his name. Which I didn't know, so I refrained from it. Instead, I pushed my hips into him until he was in incredibly deep, and received all of his cum in my cunt. It kept on coming, and I felt it flow out of me, flowing over my ass.
He collapsed onto me, and we panted together for a while.
Then he moved off me, and while still panting, began searching around in his pants-pocket. To my surprise he took out fifty bucks, and handed them to me, together with my clothes.
"As much as I have enjoyed your services, I am home now, and you can place Joshua back into my care. Now please, get your delightfully sexy ass out of here, and I'll contact you if I need you again."