That wasn't the end of the night. Not even close. We ate something, not much, just split a salad. None of us wanted anything to slow down. Sure I was hungry, but when I walked down the stairs I had two gorgeous nude women pressed tight against me. In the kitchen Lexi spun and pushed herself against me with a long sucking kiss. Emmy's hard nipples pressed against my back, and she kissed my neck while she ran her hands up and down my thighs. I reached behind me and squeezed the butt that I had been inside just moments before. My other hand squeezed my wife's waist, and despite my earlier performance I began to respond.
So yeah, it was a quick meal, and we didn't waste time heading back up the stairs. We took advantage of the couch, with Emmy on her knees facing backwards, her back arched, her face to the ceiling with her mouth agape. We took advantage of the table, Lexi perched on the edge, her legs wrapped around my hips, our foreheads pressed together, our breathing ragged. While I was paired with one woman the other had their way with either themselves or me. When I had Lexi on the table Emmy sidled up close to my side, grabbing my hand and pulling it to herself. I slipped two fingers into her and she did the work, rising up on her toes and gyrating her hips. Her breath was hot on my shoulder as she came again and again, and as I emptied myself into my wife I curled my fingers inside of Emmy and both women screamed.
--
The next morning I wake up up to a brand new sensation. My wife and I share everything except our sides of the bed. Mine's closest to the bathroom, hers to the window. I know I rave about our sex, but honestly we're not the best cuddlers. I sleep on my back, she on her stomach, and when it's time to sleep that's what we do.
Well today I'm in the middle of the bed, and while I'm on my back I Lexi is on her stomach right next to me, straight as an arrow. On the other side Emmy is snuggled against me, her breath light on my shoulder. One hand rests on my chest, the other on my hip. I take quick whiff of her tousled hair before I move my gaze to Lexi, her back rising and falling with every breath, her pert butt peeking out from the blankets covering her legs. God I don't want to move.
God I want to have them again.
Emmy stirs, her hand pressing down on me. She jerks it away with a gasp, an incredibly cute one. She looks up at me, her hair falling across a blushing cheek.
"Hi," I mouth. She gives me a soft smile then does the same back. She bites her lip and shifts her hip so the entirety of her butt is in my view.
And it is a view.
I pull my eyes away from it and back to her face. The smile is still there, but her eyes are uncertain. I kiss her on the forehead and turn to Lexi, running a hand along her back. She stirs, then sinks back into her pillow. I wait for it to hit, and her head jerks up and looks at us. She looks at us with parted lips, taking in the sight.
And giggles.
"Not just a great dream then?" She asks. "It definitely happened," I respond. I pull her in for a deep kiss, morning mouth be damned.
Emmy pulls away from me, leans on one arm. She has a small smile on her face, unsure of where she fits in. Lexi and I break our kiss, and she winks at her best friend. "I need a shower. Are you guys hungry?"
I had barely eaten anything the night before, and the afternoon of exercise followed by a night of unbelievable sex had me famished. "Starving. I'll get breakfast going while you guys get ready?" Lexi nods and jumps out of bed, struts naked to our bathroom. I drink in the sight of her toned back, taught butt, and long legs before turning to Emmy. "Like pancakes?" I ask.
She nods, still bashful. "I like crepes even better."
"That is a perfect idea," I say, kissing her on her cheek. She blushes, then turns and gets out of bed. She covers (or fails in an attempt to) her butt with her hands while she grabs her clothes and runs into the bathroom. Lexi and Emmy whisper, and I hear a giggle followed by the sound of running water. Could they be...?
I doubt it. Not wanting to push my luck, I get of bed, grab some sweats, and head down to the kitchen.
--
I'm surrounded by burned down candles. Thankfully Lexi had the presence of mind to blow them out before we crashed into bed last night, probably saving our house and our lives. I pull up a recipe for crepes, grab the ingredients, and toss a pan onto the stove. I'm about to pour the first of the batter into the pan when Lexi walks into the kitchen. Short shorts, thin shirt, wet hair and no bra, she is a vision. She kisses me.
"You're the best," she says. I kiss her again, rub her lower back, let one hand wander over the seat of her shorts. "Nothing compared to you," I reply. She grins and reaches up for some glasses.
"Good morning for mimosas?" She asks, knowing my answer is always yes. I flip the first crepe - terribly, it's been awhile, but hey there's lots of batter - then turn away from the stove. "You got down here way before Emmy."
"Yeah, I called first shower," replies Lexi.
"I was wondering if you guys might share it." Lexi laughs and raises an eyebrow. "Would you have enjoyed that?"
"Yes?" She raises both eyebrows now. "No." She shakes her head and moves close, wraps her arms around my neck. "Didn't get your fill last night?"
"Definitely," I reply, my hands light on her waist. "I couldn't imagine anything better." She smiles and kisses me again. "But you still wanted to imagine us in the shower together?"
How could I not? The two lithe beauties, one long and brunette, the other short and blonde, pressed together in the confines of our shower, the water pouring over their bodies, their lips close, Lexi's hands on Emmy's ass while Emmy teases Lexi's nipple with her teeth...
Lexi nipped my ear with her teeth. "Come back to me big guy." I shake my head, feeling like my wife could see directly into my thoughts.
"Sorry. But seriously, is she okay? Are you guys?" Lexi steps back with an inquisitive look. "Why wouldn't we be?"
"She seemed pretty shy this morning, and I just want to make sure eveything is good on the other side of things, especially between you two. The sex was amazing, the entire night blew my mind, but it's not worth a friendship."
Lexi hugs me tight. "I think she just felt a little out of place this morning, but she's fine. I'll bring it up at breakfast though, alright? Make sure everything's good." Speaking of breakfast...
I break our hug as a slight burning smell reaches my nostrils. I move for the spatula but it's too late.
Ah well. Like I said, plenty of batter.
--
Emmy comes down soon after, hair wet and bare-faced, looking radiant. There is fresh fruit on the table and the crepes are ready, and the girls lather theirs with butter and preserves while I choose ham and eggs. I'm on my second before they're halfway through their first, and gearing up for a third when Lexi breaks the silence.
"Alright," she says, placing her fork down with finality. "Anyone think last night was anything less than amazing?" Me and Emmy exchange quick glances before shaking our heads. Lexi looks at me.
"I know you've always wanted anal. Was it everything you'd imagined?" I swallow my food and think back to Emmy cussing and gasping with me buried deep in her ass, begging for more and demanding I fuck her harder. I nod. Lexi grins and turns to Emmy.
"The roleplay? The sex? Was it good?" Emmy looks down at her plate with the cutest (whoah, second cutest) grin I've ever seen and nods. Lexi leans back into her chair and crosses her arms across her chest.
"I loved every second of it, myself. Emmy, my beloved husband cares so much for our friendship he wanted to make sure that it will survive this. What do you say to that?" Emmy takes a quick drink and looks at me.
"Seriously? That is so good to hear. Jack, in my own weird way I've always loved you because of how good you've always been to Lexi. And I think we're friends, and I hope you do to. This won't screw anything up between me and Lexi, and I really don't want it to change things between us. Does that make sense?"
"Definitely. As long as everyone is cool, I'm good with it." Everyone takes a few more bites, then Lexi whips her stare towards me. "You better be able to talk to her without thinking only about her butt though."
I choke on my food, unsure of what to say. What butt was she talking about? The same one that paraded through my head all morning?
"Wouldn't think of it." Lexi grins and Emmy gives me a wink. We fill the air with small talk until breakfast is over, and Emmy volunteers to do the dishes. Lexi and I clean up the candles, and she sprays down a few spots on the couch left from last night. When the cleaning is done Emmy gathers her things.
"Thanks?" She says. She and Lexi giggle and hug. I stay leaned against the counter, and we share a smile." See you soon." I say, and Emmy leaves. Lexi walks over and leans against me. "I'm exhausted," she says. I sigh.
"You have no idea how glad I am to hear you say that." I pull her to the stairs. We fall into bed, I on my back and she on her stomach. "I have to ask," I say, as the silent room does it's work on us. "Hmm?"
"Will there be another time?" Lexi snuggles against me. "I honestly have no idea."
--
Sometimes the days drag but the weeks fly. We were busy at work, busy with life, busy with each other. Emmy stays in our life pretty much the same amount as before, and to my great relief things seem to be the same. Maybe I look at her a bit different, maybe my eyes linger longer than they did before, but other than that things are normal. You always read how sex can make things complicated, change things, make everything different. It certainly didn't seem to this time.
But as I said, life goes on. I get home from work early one day, eager to do something for Lexi. I gather some ingredients for dinner and text her, asking her when she'll be home. I'm chopping vegetables when she replies. I frown. Working late? How late?
Not sure, but don't wait on dinner for her.
I won't. I'll take it to her.
The plan was to cook that night, and I would love to say I hold myself to it but... there's a great little Greek place on the way to Lexi's office, and we both love Mediterranean. I place an order, run upstairs to reapply deodorant and spray some cologne, and I'm out the door. Drive to the restaurant, grab the food, run across the street and pick out some flowers. Lexi loves lilies (chiefly Stargazers) and I try to pick out the best looking of the bunch. I'm back in the car as the sun sets, the dark falling far too soon in the early winter months. Realize I forgot wine, hop back out and run into a corner convenience store that sells it cheap.
She surprised me weeks ago, incredibly so, after a rough day at work, and I'm hoping to do the same for her. I take the elevator to the eleventh floor, my mouth dry. In my mind she's so happy to see me, so touched, so amazed, she rips my clothes off and we go at it on her desk. Perfectly plausible, right? We try to keep our sex life healthy for sure, but have yet to cross into getting busy in the business place, so to speak. So no, probably not the most realistic of outcomes, but what else is a guy supposed to think about during the whole 30 seconds he spends on an elevator?
I'm thinking a lot about Lexi in her work outfit now, the black tights underneath a pencil skirt, white shirt and cropped business jacket. She usually wears her hair in a bun, but tends to loosen it on late nights. I'm wondering where it will be, her ridiculously thick curly brunette hair, as I step off the elevator and code in to the door to her office set. There doesn't seem to be many others sharing her late night work ethic. I'm about to knock on her door when I hear a familiar noise from within.
My heart drops. I press my ear against her office door to confirm.
It's coming from inside. I lean against the door, aghast that it was this bad.
All expectation of sex gone from my mind, I burst through the door.
Lexi gasps and looks up at me, her eyes red-rimmed and her make-up a mess. To answer my earlier question, her hair was completely undone and flowing past her shoulders. We lock eyes, then I look up at the tv tucked into the upper corner of her office. I drop everything on her desk, rush around it and drop to my knees in front of her. She sobs and throws her arms around me, crying into my shoulder. I don't say a word until she's mostly done, sniffing into my dress shirt.
"Baby," I whisper. "You've Got Mail? Was your day really that bad?" She laughs through a sob and looks up at the tv in time to see Tom Hanks hand tissues to a sniffling Meg Ryan. I take a cue from the master and grab Lexi a tissue from the box on her desk. She takes one and blows her nose.
"I'm sorry. I know this looks bad."
"It's okay," I say. "But what happened? Why wouldn't you come home?" Lexi sighs. "I was embarrassed. I didn't tell you this, but a few weeks ago a position opened up that I really wanted. It wouldn't be a huge pay increase, but it was going to be an opportunity, and something different, you know? I applied for it and thought I interviewed and thought everything went really well, but today they announced that the position had been filled by some dweeb out of state." She wipes her eyes.
"Why didn't you tell me any of this?" I ask. A fresh flood of tears flow from here eyes. "Because I wanted to surprise you!" She sobs again into her tissue, and I pull her in for another hug. She cries for a few more minutes before sitting up.
"I just kept thinking about how much fun it would be to walk in and tell you all about my new job, how it was going to be a huge surprise, and then we'd go out to dinner and then I'd drag you home to the bedroom and we'd make a whole night of it," she wipes her eyes again. I reach for the flowers and the bag of take-out.
"You being mine is all the reason I need to celebrate. Flowers and Mediterranean?" She does that laughing sob again then leans forward and gives me a quick kiss. "Sure."
"Anytime Booboo Bear." Lexi rolls her eyes and reaches for the food.
--
We're mostly quiet while we eat, and some of the puffiness fades around Lexi's eyes. We don't have a wine opener, so I use my keys (look it up, it works) and I grab some Styrofoam cups from the break room. I see no lights on in any other offices on the floor.
"Who needs a fancy restaurant," I say, stepping back into Lexi's office and brandishing the cups with a flourish. She looks up from her make-up mirror and gives me a sheepish grin.
"I really look like a mess, huh?" I shake my head and pour us each a...cup of wine. "Not in the least. Pretty impressive mascara though." She giggles. "Didn't run a bit."
"All done?" I ask, and she nods. I grab her tray and toss it into one of the communal trash cans out in the main room. When I come back into her office Lexi is leaned back in her chair, sipping her wine with eyes closed. I push the door shut behind me and lock it. I walk over to her and kneel on the ground in front of her.
"I am constantly amazed by you," I saw as I slip off one of her heels and massage the bottom of her foot. She gives a soft moan. "Seriously. You always work hard, you give all of yourself in everything you do, and you are an amazing wife. I'm really sorry for your setback today, but I hope it won't keep you down for too long. You have way too much going for you."
She opens one eye and grins down at me. "Like my great husband?" I shake my head. "Nah, I was thinking more your legs." She laughs and I kiss her calf, and run my fingers up to meet the flesh my lips just touched. "I have never seen a nicer pair."
"It's the stockings babe, don't be fooled." I chuckle as I kiss my way up to her knee. "I don't think it is. I've seen them without the stockings, I know they hold up on their own." My lips move past her knee, and I grab the leg I'm kissing with a soft touch and separate it from the one it's crossed over.
"And what's this?" Lexi asks. I run both hands up her thighs beneath her skirt. "Don't worry, I locked the door." She giggles. "At least let's move behind my desk, Just in case," she says, pulling away from my touch but grabbing one hand as she rolls her way to behind her desk, dragging me with her. I plunge forward and pull her knees apart, covering her thighs with kisses. She giggles again, then sighs and settles back into her chair. Lexi is wearing a pink cotton thong adorned with tiny white hearts, a playful contrast from her business-like black and white outerwear. I hone in on the pink fabric and run my tongue up the length of it, my touch soft as possible. Lexi sighs and pushes her hips forward as I grab her skirt and yank it up. Her pink thong is now completely exposed, a thin strip of her thigh between the pink of her underwear and the black of her stockings.
I groan at the sight then kiss the exposed flesh. Her fingers run lightly over my scalp, then grab my hair when I return my attention to my goal beneath her panties. I kiss and lick at the fabric as my hands grasp at her breasts beneath her shirt and bra, and she arches her back with an excited gasp. I bring a hand down and pull her panties aside with one finger, exposing her smooth, glistening lips. I smile at the sight, then give them the softest lick. She moans, and my well practiced ears pick up the sound and know what it means. Oh so gently I push that one finger into her while licking up to her clit, taking that nub between my lips and applying soft pressure. Her hips rise up from the chair and I curl my finger up until I find the rough spot of flesh, and then I do not hold back.I rub my finger inside of her while I suck on her clit, my free hand unbuttoning her shirt and pulling the cup of her bra aside to expose one breast. I tweak and tease the nipple there while her breathing picks up in intensity and her hips buck harder against me. I know it hasn't been long, but I also know when she doesn't need much. I move from her nipple to grabbing her entire breast and double down with my mouth and finger. Lexi tightens beneath my ministrations and grabs my head, shoving it between her legs. Her breath fully catches and her throat, ragged from crying, lets out a quiet strangled cry.
I keep at it until she pushes me away and collapses against the back of her chair. I sit back on my heels with a grin, enjoying the view of a job well done. My wife rises her crumpled form and leans forward and gives me a long, slow kiss. She breaks it only to unbutton my shirt and pull it off me.
"Under my desk," she says. "On your back." I am anxious to follow her orders and crawl into position, trying to stretch out in the cramped quarters. Lexi removes her soaked panties before getting on her knees and crawling on top of me.
"I know this place is empty, but lets pretend that it's full, and if we're too loud my boss will bust in here and fire me." She gives me a hungry kiss. "But I can't bring myself to care because all I want is you inside of me."
With her knees on either side of my hips she grabs my hands and runs them up her thighs, pushing up her skirt and revealing her smooth sex. I run my fingers over her pubic mound as she lowers herself onto me, shuddering as she does so. It's cramped beneath her desk, and she is hunched over me, her thick hair almost covering my face. I work on her shirt as she starts to ride me, her thrusts frantic from the start. I unbutton the top four buttons then pull the shirt from her shoulders, framing her silk-clad bust. Lexi is grinding herself against me now, keeping me deep within her as she works towards another orgasm. I reach behind her and unhook her bra, and her breasts fall from it as she moves on me. I pick my head up from the floor and pull her to my mouth, taking in one nipple as my other hand runs down her back. She gasps and moans and groans and grabs the back of my head, pulling me hard against her chest. I open my mouth and suck in as much of her breast as I can, her fingers gripping my hair. She bucks hard against me now, her core muscles tightening. She's close, and, well, so am I.
Lexi pushes my head against the carpet, using me completely for her own pleasure. She rocks her hips into me, and I cup her ass with one hand help her in the act, ensuring she slams against me with as much power as possible. Lexi is soaking wet and I slide in and out of her without effort, and she bites my lip and starts to talk.
"If my boss found us I'd be done but fuck its worth it, fuck you're good. I loves your hands on my ass, I love you inside me, I don't want you stop you can't stop oh please don't stop..."
Those last words turn into a wail as her hands clench my shoulders and her body tenses. She seems to want to ride me yet grind on me at the same time, and her body twitches and convulses as the waves of her orgasm take over. She buries her head into my shoulder and moans as it passes, her sex still pressed down tight on my pelvis. Unable to hold back I take up the work, thrusting into her while I grab her hips and work them against me. She whimpers and mewls against my shoulder, then nibbles my ear.
That does it for me.
I pull her hard against me and thrust up my hips, and I pour myself into her. She tenses and I sense another small orgasm overtake her, and we both fall slack against the thin carpet of the floor. It takes a while for me to work up the strength to speak.
"Rug burn," I say. "Definite rug burn on my back." Lexi lifts up head and pouts. "Then let's head home, baby. There must be something I can do to make you feel better."
--
There certainly is. We take a bath at the house, a long, languid affair. She touches me and I her, neither of us in any hurry. I scrub her body, then kiss up one long leg to her shoulder, my lips dancing across her collarbone to her other shoulder, than down her torso and opposite leg. I purposely avoid her breasts and sex, and by the time I reach her second ankle she's wiggling and antsy. I rub my body up her legs and press my torso against hers, and I find her lips with my own. My kisses are light at first, but Lexi is in no mood. She's hungry for me and I her, and I slide next to her while one hand cups her breast, tweaks her nipple. She moans and wriggles some more, smiling against my lips. Her stomach is taut as I run my fingers towards her sex, slipping just past it and rubbing her inner thighs. She sighs, gives me a look, and nips my lip. I pinch her thigh and she laughs, pulling me tight against her.
"Enough teasing," she says, thrusting her pelvis towards my fingers. I oblige her, rubbing two fingers soft over her clit. She sighs again, this one content. I add pressure againt her and slip my fingers towards her slit, using my palm to stimulate her clit. I slip one finger into Lexi, and raises her hip to meet it. She kisses me deep, almost devouring my tongue. With her orgasm earlier I know I don't need to be too gentle, and I push hard against her nub and slip in a second finger. Her abs are tensing and her hips starting to buck, her reactions to my ministrations having their own effect on me. She gasps and moans, her voice high and light, and she grabs me witha free hand, stroking me while my fingers move in and out of her. I curl up my finger insde of her and find that rough spot of skin that will send her overboard, and it works. Her nipples are rock hard, her breath short, her entire body writhing against my hand. I know her climax is moments away when he thighs clench around my hand and she pulls it tight against her. Her body tenses and she lifts up from the water, her eyes closed and mouth open. Her hand squeezes me almost too tight, but I don't complain.
As she comes down from it Lexi opens her eyes and stares at me through a haze, a small smile flitting across her lips.
"Well done Jack," she says, "well done." I bow my head. "Only the best for you," I say, and she giggles. Gets on her knees, the water sloshing from her glistening body, and pushes me to my back, her hand again stroking my shaft. I settle against the back of the tub with a decidedly goofy grin on my face. She looks at me with a look I recognize well.
It's not lust. Without trying to sound conceited, because there are times I look at her the same way, I know what that look is. Sometimes it comes over both of us, and the eyes say it all, no words necessary.
It's adoration, pure and simple. We love each other.
I lift my head up, and she lowers hers. We kiss, her hand still working me with exquisite skill. Lexi breaks our kiss and she moves down the tub, and I already feel her lips on me. But, my love surprises me yet again.
With her breasts positioned just over me, she grabs them, one in each hand, and squeezes my shaft between them. I groan as she moves them up and down me, increasing the pressure as she goes. I work one hand through her thick hair, reveling at the feel of her perfect breasts enclosing me. I start to thrust against her, and each time she licks my tip at its apex. I laugh at the feeling and keep my hips raised. She seizes the opportunity to swirl her tongue around my head, and my hands bear down on both her shoulders. Her lips break their seal with a pop and she continues to stroke me with her breasts, and I go back to my own thrusts. I feel the beginnings of my own orgasm, and I stiffen even further against her. Lexi must feel it as well, because she looks up at me with those sparkling eyes, her hair framing her face, and bites her lip with a moan of anticipation.
It really doesn't take any more. I groan and thrust up my hips, and Lexi releases her breasts and takes me in her mouth, one hand grasping the base of my shaft. I release myself inside her mouth, and Lexi takes all of it. I relax against the tub with a shudder, the sweet release washing over my entire body. Lexi sits up and wipes her mouth, gives me a wink. I grin in return.
--
We retreat to bed after, lying in each other's arms. "I hope all that was alright," I say.
"What do you mean?" Lexi asks.
"I mean, a couple weeks ago, you really came through for me after a tough day. I could tell you put a lot of time into it, a lot of planning. Tonight was just me, off the cuff. I hope it was enough." Lexi nestles against me.
"More than enough baby, you were my white knight tonight. You came in with everything I needed after a god-awful day and made everything feel right againt. It couldn't have been better."
"Well... good," I say, wrapping my arms around her and kissing the top of her head. "Very good."
"mmhmm," she replies, drifting off against my chest. I sink into my pillow, content.
--
A few weeks pass, our life together moves forward. One Saturday I'm om the couch, immersed in a book, when a throw pillow gets, um, thrown into my stomach.
"Want to do a spin class?" Lexi asks. I push the pillow to the floor and look up from my book. "Right now?"
"Yeah right now. Don't I look ready for it?" She's wearing baggy sweats and a sports bra under a loose sleeveless shirt, her hair in a messy bun. She looks amazing.
"I'd be down, but I just went for a run." Five miles, right at 38 minutes. I was happy with it. Lexi rolls her eyes. "C'mon, wimp. It'll be worth it."
"My legs are tired," I say, in a manly whine. Lexi huffs and leans over the back of the couch, one hand on my chest. "Hey. When I say it'll be worth it, I mean it." I perk up.
"Chinese after?" She rolls her eyes again. "Probably not. Actually.." she ponders. "Maybe tonight. Don't think you'll need it right after." After a run and a spin class, all I'll be able to think about it is food. Unless...
I watch Lexi walk away, swaying her hips enough to let the loose sweats drop just a bit. I see a spandex waistband I don't recognize. I am intrigued.
"I'll get changed," I say, jogging up up the stairs.
--
The class is set up in five rows of five bikes each facing a singular bike at the front, where the instructor sits ready to lead her torment. The class is surprisingly empty for a Saturday afternoon, but Lexi leads me towards the back anyway. The fifth row is empty, and there are three empty bikes in the middle of the fourth row.
"Perfect," she says, turning and smiling at me. "Three in a row?" I ask. Lexi shakes her head.
"No, you should sit in the back."
"Why?" I ask, but she looks past me and waves, her face lighting up. I turn to follow her gaze and see Emmy running towards us in baggy sweats, smiling and giddy. She hops up and kisses my cheek when she runs by on her way to giving Lexi a big hug. While I watch I realize I'm grinning like an idiot.
"Looks like the big guy liked your greeting," Lexi said, laughing at me. Emmy turns back to me, her eyes shining. I try to recover. "What? It was nice." Lexi rolls her eyes, but Emmy giggles and squeezes my arm.
"I was excited to see you both! Why should you be the only recipient of my affection?" She says, giving Lexi a light push. "Are these our bikes?"
"We're in front, Jack's in the back." Lexi says. Emmy's grin widens, if possible. "Perfect," she says. I shake my head and take my spot in the middle of the empty row, mildly perplexed and a little put out. I adjust the seat and handlebars, my head down and concentrated on the task at hand. A patch of color catches my eye and I look up. My heart stops.
Both girls have removed their sweatpants, revealing miles of flesh beneath short spandex. Extremely short.
Lexi's are a faint orange and Emmy's pale grey, and each hug tight to the firm flesh beneath, the fabric scarcely long enough to begin going down their legs. They are a sight to behold. Lexi bends over to stretch and I'm not ashamed to say I drink in the sight, the fabric of shorts translucent and the outline and color of her thong beneath becoming all so visible. While she does this Emmy removes her sweatshirt, her shirt coming up with it to reveal toned abs and defined back. She tosses the hoodie to the side and pulls the shirt back down, dark green and form-fitting, the moisture-wicking material displaying her perfectly. She crouches into a stretch and her shorts somehow tighten even more. Though not see through, I am led to believe from what I see that Emmy is not wearing underwear.
My throat dries up just a little. I jerk my head up and get on my bike, guilty at what I just very obviously watched. I dutifully pedal as the girls adjust their bikes, bent over with their posteriors pointed prominently in my direction.
"Are you guys doing this on purpose?" I ask. They both look at me, Lexi admonishing and Emmy aghast.
"Doing what on purpose?" Emmy asks, one hand to her lips. "Of course we are dork, aren't you enjoying it?" Lexi says, shaking her butt at me. Emmy winks and runs one hand down her thigh before throwing her leg over the seat of her bike with a long exaggerated movement.
I have never been more excited to begin or more ready to be finished with a spin class in my life. A few moments later the instructor hooks up a mic and blasts her music, and we are underway. The music is too loud and very pop, but the girls seem to like it. Emmy's head sways to the beat, her ponytail swinging in time. Lexi bumps her shoulders as she rolls her head around to loosen her neck. She then stands up and stretches her calf by extending one leg and pushing her butt back, the thin material again doing little to cover her modesty. The instructor says something but I'm lost in the view. Lexi sits back down and I bring myself back to the moment.
"-and after our warm-up, we'll get to work. Alright?" The instructor (I'll call her Tracy, because I definitely missed her introduction) is an attractive woman wearing tight but modest workout clothes. She probably would have caught my eye on any other day, but today belongs to the two women in front of me.
Lexi and Emmy chat as much as they can during the warm-up, each straining to hear the other over the music. I know my wife is wearing a sports bra that doesn't reveal much, but I still appreciate the sight under her sleeveless shirt. I take in her smile, her laugh, the way she glances back at me every few moments. I love this woman, I really do. I can't believe she would share her best friend with me, but when I glance over at Emmy I am ecstatic she did. The sporty blonde is getting in to the workout, her toned legs pumping in time to the music, far faster than either mine or Lexi's. She glances back and catches my eye, then rises out of her seat with a grin. She leans low over the handlebars and pops her round butt back at me, the grey fabric deliciously stretched. Lexi glances over at her and laughs, then focuses to the front and starts pedaling harder. Not to be outdone, I pick up the pace, trying to keep my eyes from locking on Emmy.
It's hard not to though, because those shorts outline every piece of her, and it is right there in front of me.
"Alright," Tracy says as the first song dies, "We're going into some hills. Start at about medium resistance, with half a turn on my word. Let's go!" Emmy settles back in her seat as we all turn up the resistance. It's a long song, and Tracy has us cranking up our bikes every 30 seconds or so. Some of the excitement leaves me as my quads begin to burn and I curse my run from earlier in the day. The song ends, and I have a moment of blessed relief. Tracy outlines what awaits during the next song.
"Good work so far, now up out of your seats!" The class rises as one. "We're gonna do eight counts standing, eight hovering over your seats. On that hover, really stretch your legs and thrust your hips back!" Lexi and Emmy share a grin. I am ecstatic. Tracy starts the next song. "Here we go!"
The bass drives and Tracy counts to the beat, and we push the pedals hard. At the eight count Tracy counts and the class shifts, torsos low over the bar and butts just over the seat. Most butts, anyway. Lexi and Emmy stick both of theirs well past the end of their respective seats, arching their backs for my benefit. I drink in every detail, and even admire the sweat stains starting to form along the tops of the shorts. That first eight count I spend studying Lexi's thong through her shorts, a sporty little red number I'm particularly fond of. The next, Emmy's sex, outlined in skintight grey.
The next, I focus on Lexi's legs. The next, Emmy's.
I spend the next few comparing the two and realizing that I am the winner no matter whose legs come out on top.
That little thought makes me hope that Emmy will be on top later wearing nothing but her ponytail so I can watch it sway in time with my every thrust, her giggling and bouncing on me while her toned stomach ripples and her nipples harden beneath my grasp...
I realize I hear her actual giggle, and I surface from my daydream to see Emmy and Lexi laughing at me, and Tracy watching me with one eyebrow raised.
"I'm impressed with the effort, keep it up!" She yells. I pull my head out of my ass long enough to realize the song is over and I am the only still pedaling like my life depended on it. I release some of the tension on my bike and take a drink of water.
"Distracted?" Lexi asks, turned towards me.
"How can I not be?" I ask. She laughs and pulls on the loose fabric of her shirt, then grabs her sports bra. With a wink she pulls down on the edge and her left breast pops out, her nipple hard against the humid air of the room. "Keep it up big guy," Lexi says with another wink. Emmy looks at her then glances back at me, now with a look I translate as pure lust. She bites her lower lip then turns back to the front of the room.
I groan and lean my head against the handle bars. How much longer could this class be?
--
45 minutes, it turns out. Tracy took the hour long time limit seriously, a fact I could appreciate any other day. But definitely not this one. We cool down and get off our bikes, soaked in sweat. I can't help it - the two girls still looked hot, no other word for it. Did I say I'm a sucker for a girl in workout attire? Doubly so if they just put in a hell of a workout but can still smile at the end of it.
"Soo..." Lexi says, walking close to me. "We got a room?" I look at her. "What?"
"Remember a long time ago you told me that hotel rooms always turn you on?" She's right. The anonymity? The austerity? I try not to think of it as the ghosts of God knows how many others going at it in the same bed I was sleeping on. But yeah, something about being in a hotel room just does it for me, I am always ready to go.
"I did, and yes they do." Emmy smiles. Lexi continues. "Well, we had something planned out for later, but we figured, why not now? I have a little overnight bag packed for you. Not much in it, but you won't need much."
"We thought we could head there, shower up, then just see where the evening takes us," Emmy says, a little breathless. I look at both of them in awe.
"Don't know what I did to deserve you two, but yes. Let's go. Why aren't we there already?" They laugh and we exit the class after gathering our things, Tracy acknowledging our departure with a wink and a wave. Lexi grabs my hand while Emmy runs ahead to her car. She leans into the backseat, leaving her posterior clear for my view for a brief joyous second before she withdraws a small back pack. Lexi pulls me to our car, pushes me against the side of it, and kisses me long and deep. The car beeps behind me as Lexi's wandering fingers find the car keys in my front pocket. I reach back and pop the driver's door open. Lexi breaks the kiss, glances past me, smiles and jumps to the back door. I turn to see Emmy climbing in to the front seat, beaming. I slide in and start the car as Lexi massages my shoulders and Emmy rubs my thigh.
"Which hotel?" I ask, whispering. "The Luxe Central," Lexi whispers into my ear. "Not even five minutes from here."
I back the car up and try to focus on the road, and not the ministrations of the beautiful women sharing the car with me. Lexi's hands drift down to my chest and Emmy's index finger traces my inner thigh. It is only a five minute drive, but a longer five minutes I cannot remember. Lexi pulls the head rest from my seat and leans up, nibbling my ear and tweaking my nipples wit her fingers. Emmy's finger drifts further up my leg, then she massages my groin, her knuckles grazing my spandex bound member, trapped beneath the slider shorts. Despite that, I am fully erect when we pull into the half-circle drive and I toss my keys to the waiting valet. Lexi has teased me throughout our marriage about my thriftiness, which definitely includes never using the valet, but today my priorities are advanced far past any financial worries. The valet watches us pile out of the vehicle with out small bags and sweat-covered bodies with practiced boredom, but I catch his eyes lingering on Emmy's ass. Poor guy doesn't look 19, I sure as hell can't blame him.
We enter the lobby and Emmy skips to the counter. Lexi and I wait a few steps back, holding our bags in front of us and remaining a respectful distance apart. My eyes keep flitting towards her though, and I see the small grin, the way her fingers tap against her thigh. In front of us Emmy stands up on her tiptoes and giggles at something the guy behind the counter says.
Come on, I think to myself, you stand any taller on those toes and I won't be able to wait for the room.
My tormentor, whom if I squint I can see is named Paul, finally hands Emmy her key cards and bill, which Emmy signs and slides back to him. Then she's coming towards us, and Lexi reaches out her hand. The girls squeal in delight and we're practically running to the elevators.
"What floor?" I ask when we're inside, but clearly that doesn't matter. Lexi pulls me from the buttons and pushes me against the wall, her tongue slipping into my mouth. Emmy moans and stands behind her, her arms snaking around Lexi's torso and rubbing mine. Lexi breaks our kiss and slips from between us, and there is Emmy. Her eyes sparkle as she does her own pushing, and again I'm pressed against the wall once more as another beautiful woman locks her lips to mine. I hear a smack! and Emmy gasps, breaking our kiss for a moment before returning to it. I glance at Lexi, who winks at me and spanks Emmy again. Emmy stifles her gasp, but moans as I drop a hand and cusp one cheek, supple against my palm.
The elevators dings and we jump apart but no one is there, we have reached our destination. I glance at the floor number. "38?" I ask. "Better views and bigger windows," Emmy replies. "I think it'll be worth it." She pulls me by the hand down the hall and I grab Lexi with the other. After an interminable length (maybe 80 feet) we arrive at our destination, 3818. Lexi opens the door, and for the briefest moment my mind is drawn from the heaven that awaits me. It's a beautiful suite, mostly white with black furniture, a small wet bar to the left of the large couch. To our right is another door, this leading to a bedroom with a California king and a wall of windows with a beautiful view of the city. The bathroom is on my right, and I glance to it then back to the angels who led me here.
"You shower first, we'll go next," Lexi says. I open my mouth to protest but she holds up a finger. "Look at us. Smell us. It needs to happen. Make it quick." I glance at Emmy, who nods her assent. I grab my bag and dash to the bathroom. I turn the water on cold as I can stand and leap in, determined to make this the fastest shower possible while still cleaning what needs to be cleaned. I try to ignore my arousal, but see that I could clean up some around it. My lovely Lexi thought of packing my razor, and I make some quick adjustments after thoroughly cleansing myself. I turn the water even colder to try to calm the fire raging within me, then turn off the water. I dry off then wrap the towel around my waist and leave the bathroom. The girls are sitting in two chairs across from the bed, wine in hand with a third glass on the table between them. They both glance at me with raised brows.
"Took you long enough," says Lexi. She stands and walks towards me, stopping with our lips only inches apart. I lean in to kiss her but she has other plans, grabbing my hand and dragging me towards the windows. "Like the sunset?" She asks.
"It's beautiful," I respond, always a fan of the way the setting sun seems to freeze our bustling lives for an instant. "Good," she says, and suddenly I can't see, the soft fabric of a blindfold pressed against my eyes. "Leave that on until we're done."
This time she silences my protests by whipping the towel from my waist and giving my ass a quick smack. I hear Emmy giggle, then one of them (I'm guessing Emmy) presses a glass of wine into my hand. Then a quick peck on my cheek and I listen to them walk towards the bathroom.
"No peeking until we say," Emmy says, and I groan my assent. The bathroom door closes and I am left nude, bare to the city, with a glass of white in my hand. I take a sip. A decent white, at least, though I am certainly no expert. I try to remain still, but find myself pacing with measured steps after a few moments, struggling to remember if there were any tripping hazards this close to the window. The only sounds I can hear are the running shower and the muffled words of the two women inside, the two women I plan on ravaging in every possible way when they finally leave that accursed bathroom. I lean my forehead against the window at one point, wondering if anyone could actually see me and not truly caring if they could. I am turned on, ridiculously so. The only thing keeping me from touching myself is the promise of what awaits, the only thing keeping me going is what's on the other side of that damned door, the only thing I can think about is that stupid fucking door and what it's keeping me from, my fingers tighten on the wineglass and my fist curls up against the window and...
The bathroom door clicks open. I laugh and almost sob in relief. I hear two pairs of heels clacking towards me, then a hand touches mine like a breeze, taking my curled fist and leading me from the window. Another takes the wineglass from my hand. I reach for my blindfold but another hand stops me. I don't protest, I just freeze where I am, one soft hand still in mine. The touch I would recognize anywhere, the touch of my love.
I actually hold my breath, naked in the middle of the room, blind to the beauty in front of me. My patience is rewarded when I feel two tongues on me, one on each testicle. I groan, the sound coming from deep within, my exercise-tautened muscles relaxing to an almost dangerous degree. Someone at my waist chuckles, then a mouth engulfs me while another continues to to suck and lick on my testicles. I hold my breath again, not daring to move lest the magic breaks and the moment ends. Four hands roam my thighs, massaging them as the mouths belonging to them drag me to another realm. Just when I think it could get no better, it ends. I hear movement before me, then the clacking of high heels moving towards the window. After a brief pause, Lexi speaks.
"Take it off," she says. I do, turning to the window to see a glorious sight. The sun is just above the buildings on the horizon, and Lexi and Emmy are standing with hands pressed against the glass, their backs towards me. The high heels they wear accentuate every bit of their lower bodies, and they bend their backs to ensure their asses jut out to the maximum degree. Their faces are bare and their hair wet and I have never seen anyone more stunning. Lexi bites her lower lip and Emmy grins, shaking her ass at me. I need no further invitation. I drop to the floor and glance towards Lexi, who winks at me in assurance. I crawl to Emmy, running my hands from her heels to her ass, cupping it with both hands. She moans and leans against the window, then cries out in shock and pleasure when I spread her cheeks and drop my tongue onto her asshole. She reaches around and pulls my face into her, and I lick her hole with everything I have within me. My hands knead her ass and massage her thighs, which begin to tremble when I move my right hand to her pussy.
My index and middle fingers rub either side of her slit, and every few seconds I tease her clit with my thumb. She was wet before I began, so I don't tease her for long before slipping my index finger into her and caressing her G-spot. She twitches when I find it and her asscheeks clench around my face, pushing me to go further. My thumb rubs her clit and, while not the most comfortable position for my wrist, it gets the job done quickly. Emmy's fingernails dig into my scalp and she moans against the glass when the orgasm overtake sher, her thighs trembling and twitching against me. I run one hand up her abdomen, delighting in the feel of her muscle movement as her body takes over. I move up to her breasts, grabbing the right one and pinching the nipple between my fingers. At this she screams and stiffens, her pussy tightening. She grabs my hair in a death grip, then pushes me away from her. I keep my fingers inside her for another second before she grabs my hands and throws them out. She leans against the window, taking deep breaths, her body slack. "That... that was two," she gasps. "Fuck me."
"Love to," I say, on my knees and grinning. I glance towards Lexi, leaning against the window with two fingers buried deep in her pussy. "That's my job," I growl, crawling towards her. She continues to finger herself until I'm close enough to grab her hand, pulling it from her pussy. Without hesitation I dive in, rubbing my tongue up and down her pussy before focusing on her clit. I know what my wife likes, and slip one finger into her pussy while my other hand grabs her right breast. What with the build-up and her enjoying the show Lexi and I put on, it doesn't take long.
"Fuck fuck fuck!" She screams, louder with each fuck. She trembles against me and grabs my head, and I know to pull my mouth away. I replace it with one finger, barely touching her clit as I rub it through her orgasm. Lexi's head leans against the window, her back jutted from it while the orgasm overtakes her, and at last she pulls my hand away. She squats down in front of me and gives me a dreamy smile.
"Bed?" She asks. I kiss her nose and stand her up, picking her up in one arm before turning to Emmy. The tight little blonde screams and runs from my grasp, throwing herself on the bed before I can reach her. I laugh and walk to its edge, spanking Lexi before throwing her on the bed next to her friend. The two women lay on their stomachs, arching their backs as one before turning and facing me.
"We were thinking something like last time, but I want you to fuck me first before taking Emmy's ass," Lexi says. Like I am in any position to argue with such an idea as that. I nod and climb onto the bed between them, and then it's a tangle of hands and lips and legs and tits, the three of us taking a short break to explore the bodies enmeshed around us. At last I find Lexi under me, her legs to my shoulders and her soaking pussy beneath my cock. As she guides me in Emmy jumps on my back, pressing her tits against me and whispering into my ear.
"Fuck her Jack, fuck the woman you love." Lexi groans as push all the way into her, raising her hips to meet me. Emmy continues. "Fuck her like it's the first and last time, grab her tit the way she likes it..." I do that.
"Push into that tight little pussy and make her scream, god you know you love the way she screams..." Emmy reach beneath me and fondles my testicles as I pick up my pace, "... god you know you love the way her body looks, god you know there's no other place you'd rather be..." then Emmy pushes her lips right against my ear, her breath hot while she licks the lobe. "...Except in my ass."
Guys, I pride myself on lasting as long as I need to (most days), but seriously? Lexi screams beneath me as I pick up my pace, slamming against her. Emmy, that little vixen, goads me on until I lock lips with Lexi and cum inside of her, inside of the woman I love. The release is immense in my loins and in my tired muscles, and a little part of thanks both women for the workout they just forced me into. Lexi, bless her, cums right after I do, a testament more to the situation than any prowess of mine.
Emmy moans behind me and gives me a slight squeeze before sliding off me. I take my time getting off of Lexi, still making small moves inside her before I pull out. I sit back on my knees and glance at Emmy, who's staring at both of us with longing. I beckon her over with my finger, and she all but leaps against me, her lips on mine. Lexi chuckles, a slow soft sound, then moves over to us. She traces my thigh with one finger, then moves it up to my softening shaft. I glance down at her and see her staring at with an almost questioning gaze, then moves to take it her mouth, our mixed juices still on it.
That was new.
I groan against Emmy's lips, and she reaches behind me, running one hand over my ass and pressing a finger against my asshole.
This is also new.
I break our kiss and look at her, seeing the question in her eyes. I shrug, the briefest of movements, and she smiles. She kisses me again, her tongue tracing my teeth while she adds pressure to my hole without actually pushing her finger inside of me. All of this, my friends, my wife on cleaning my cock and her friend pulling me into her kiss means no one had to wait long before I was ready to go one more time. I push Emmy away, who looks hurt for the briefest moment before I turn her and push her face down on the bed. As her torso hits the soft sheets she giggles and raises her rump to me, and Lexi reaches for a small bag on the nightstand, withdrawing a small bottle of lube. She pours it onto my fingers while she kisses me, and I slip the first finger of the night into Emmy's ass while I kiss my wife.
I work it in and out slow while my other hand runs up and down the back of wife, reveling each inch of flesh it comes into contact with. I slip a second finger into Emmy while Lexi cups me with one hand before running it up and down my shaft, no doubt ensuring it was ready for her friend. Emmy shifts, and I glance down to see her hips raised and one hand working her clit. I break my kiss with Lexi and put my hand on Emmy's hip, slowly rolling her over, careful to not hurt her with my two fingers buried in her ass. Emmy meets my eye, questioning, before I pull her hand away and replace it with my mouth. Her head drops back, and she groans deep as I suck her clit and I establish a steady rhythm with my fingers in her ass. Lexi watches us for a moment, then drops her mouth to Emmy's nipple and latches her lips around it.
This is very new.
Unaware I could become more aroused, I do. Lexi's hands rub Emmy's torso, and the blonde really doesn't stand a chance. She starts to scream and Lexi buries four fingers of one hand into her mouth, muffling the noise. Emmy bucks against us, finding my head at last and pushing me away. Lexi shows no such mercy to Emmy's nipple, and I watch in awe as she remains locked on her tit. I even forget about my fingers until Emmy squeezes down on them. I come back to reality (or to what must surely be a dream) and remove my fingers, reaching once more for the lube. I cover my cock with it, and pour another helping on Emmy's asshole, which is already gleaming with her own juices. Lexi sits up while I position myself, and Emmy pulls both her legs back before locking eyes with me and giving the go ahead.
The feeling is delicious as I enter her, my head popping through as Emmy moans, collapsing once more against the bed. Lexi runs one hand through Emmy's hair and uses the other to play with her nipples, keeping the blonde preoccupied as possible. I push in a little deeper, and Emmy moves one hand to her clit, keeping herself loose and distracted from any discomfort. We continue like that for... five minutes? An hour? An eternity? Far too soon and after far too long I reach my depth, and my groin makes contact with Emmy's ass. She stops her ministrations on her clit and pushes Lexi away and lays back on the bed, almost limp with a small smile on her face. She squeezes her ass around me once, twice, three times... then looks up at me and nods.
I pull back less than an inch before pushing back again, and Emmy groans. I continue a slow, easy pace, building up to a rhythm while I pull more and more of myself out of her before pushing it back in. She moans and mewls and gasps, looking from me to Lexi while I fuck her ass. One time her gaze locks on Lexi, and I look over to my wife as well.
I've seen that look before.
Pure lust, the desperate need for an orgasm, for earth-shattering pleasure. Usually that look is locked on me, but tonight, those eyes are laser-focused on Emmy's mouth. Without a word, Lexi straddles Emmy's face and pushes her pussy against Emmy's lips. Emmy rises to the challenge and begins to lick and suck for everything she is worth and my head almost explodes.
After last time and the distance they kept, I did not think it possible, should it ever happen again. Of course I wanted it do, but now seeing it happen, my wife grinding her pussy on her friend while I am deep in that same friend's ass, watching my wife's ass achieve a perfect rhythm... I reach around and grab her tits, using one the fingers of one hand to stimulate both nipples. I use my other hand to grab Lexi's leg and I begin to truly fuck her while Lexi leans back against me, her body on fire.
They orgasm. Again and again. When Lexi does she leans forward to presses her full body against her friend's face, the fit blonde not backing down from the challenge. When Emmy does her ass grips and releases me in a steady wave, and I try to watch her contracting pussy. Sometimes she slips a finger in, sometimes I do. After some time Lexi cums for what would prove to be her last time, her body taught and quivering before collapsing onto the bed next to us. One leg remains across Lexi's torso, and I look at the blonde with hunger in my eyes and she gazes at me with the same. I lean over her and double down on my pounding, and she pulls both legs back so I have the best possible access to her hole. I'm pouring sweat but Emmy says nothing, her eyes goading me on while she stares at me with a face covered in my wife's own juices.
Her mouth now free, Emmy uses it for another purpose. "God I've been dying to have you back in my ass Jack, I've fucked it so many times thinking of you, I've fucked myself so many times wishing it was your cock, god you feel so much fucking better, fuck you make me feel so good, just keeping fucking my ass, please keep fucking my ass..."
I do, and she keeps talking. I grow even harder in her, and Lexi lets out a gasping laugh when she feels it. I slam into her, and with a guttural growl empty myself into her ass. Emmy grabs one nipple and pushes another two fingers into herself as I do, goading one last orgasm before I pull out of ass. I do, slowly, and collapse onto the bed on the far side of Emmy. None of us move for some time, and we fall into a brief doze without moving. My last thought, before I fall into that fitful slumber...
Who's paying for this room?