If you've been following our stories, you know my wife Sheila has discovered and very much enjoys exhibitionism.
For those of you that do not know us, let me give you a short recap. Sheila is an attractive middle aged woman, blond hair and nicely shaped, large natural breasts with pale pink nipples. When not encumbered by a bra, her breasts have a very sensual sway to them when walking or moving about. They are what guys first notice about her, the second being a dazzling smile.
The exhibitionism started when she agreed to pose for revealing photos for me and my friend Bill after a few glasses of wine. At first, she was tentative and started with posing while not wearing her bra under a sheer blouse. Once she got into it, she let Bill open and eventually remove her blouse for topless photos. She and I both found we enjoyed that experience and she has since graduated to much more erotic adventures.
Out of all of Sheila's experiences, her favorite is exposing her breasts to younger, inexperienced guys, ones that have never been with a girl, or have ever had a girlfriend and are on the shy side. She finds young men like this seem more appreciative and grateful for the experiences she gives them and loves the way they look at her when she shows them her bare breasts and body for the first time.
Our tenant Todd (from a previous story) introduced Sheila and I to a friend of his, Robert, who is into photography. Robert is like Todd, shy and introverted and most definitely inexperienced with girls.
When Sheila learned of Robert and his interest in photography, she was immediately interested, knowing she could easily persuade him into photographing her. It would be the perfect opportunity for her to show off and expose her breasts or more while posing for him. We knew Robert would jump at the chance because he had already seen the topless and nude photos of Sheila taken at Todd's birthday party. We figured he'd love to see Sheila in person and an opportunity to take revealing photos of her for himself.
With that in mind, we arranged to have Robert over for a BBQ. Sheila dressed for the occasion, wearing a sexy little summer dress. It was lowcut, loose fitting with little straps over her shoulders and short, about 6 inches above her knees. Just right for a BBQ and getting a young boy's attention.
When Robert came over the following Saturday, we had a good time talking and getting to know him better. Initially, he was a bit rattled by Sheila's dress and the amount of cleavage it showed but he handled it well. Our conversation eventually led to his interest in photography. He told us of his passion for taking photos and his never ending quest to take the perfect photo. We could tell he really loved photography by the way he became animated when talking about it. It was nice to see a young man his age with a true passion.
Sheila asked Robert if he ever took photos of people or used models. His demeanor changed instantly, becoming more serious. He said he hadn't. When she asked why, he explained that he was too shy and didn't think he could relate to a model, let alone actually ask someone to pose for him.
"Have you ever considered it?" I asked.
Robert thought for a moment then answered, "Yes and no. I've thought about it and would love to try it but I could never get up the nerve to ask someone. A woman I mean, I wouldn't want to photograph a guy." He seemed a little embarrassed by his answer.
Sheila jumped in and said, "If photography is your passion, then you should go for it. At least try it. What do you have to lose?"
Robert seemed uncomfortable and told Sheila, "I know I should. I would really like to try it and I know I could take some really good photos if given the chance, I just can't. I wouldn't even know where to go to find someone."
That was just what Sheila wanted to hear. She leaned forward and asked, "How about me? I could do it. I'm not a model and don't have any experience but at least we know each other. Would that work?"
Robert froze for a moment, possibly shocked by Sheila's un-expected offer or maybe by the fact that her tits had almost fallen out of her dress when she leaned towards him. Gaining his composure but not taking his eyes off Sheila's tits, he said, yes, it would work and that he'd love the opportunity to photograph her.
Pleased, Sheila leaned back into her chair and told Robert she thought it would be fun. She explained that since she had no experience, he would have to take charge and arrange and create all the poses. "I will be your clay, you will have to move and mold me as needed for each photo. Can you do that? Would you be ok with doing it that way. It would make it easier on me." Robert told Sheila that he could and was looking forward to it.
We agreed on an evening when Robert could come back for their photo session and enjoyed the remainder of our afternoon/evening talking more about photography.
Sheila took Robert in to the house and showed him our den, thinking it would be good for photos. She also suggested the patio and backyard as possible locations. He took a long time looking at the den, family room and kitchen, explaining some of the most innocent places can be used for great photos. He also said the patio area and the hot tub were two good locations. It was obvious he was already planning for the shoot.
Before Robert left for the evening, he told me Todd had mentioned a photo I had taken of Sheila a while back that I used on my computer as a desktop photo. He seemed embarrassed, but asked if he could see it, saying he wanted to see it and how Sheila photographed. It seemed like a logical request and took him back into the den and brought the photo up for him.
The photo was of Sheila facing away from the camera at an angle and looking back over her shoulder. She was topless and it showed her from the waist up, showing her bare back, shoulder and the side of her breast but not the nipple. It was one of those sexy, classy shots, showing some skin, yet not showing much at the same time. It was a lucky shot and one of my favorites.
Robert liked the photo, saying it was a great pose, sexy without showing too much. "I like it, that's a great pic. Sheila takes a good photo. I should be able to take some really good ones. You guys will like them, I promise."
For a young man with no experience, Robert showed a lot of confidence. Sheila's showing off photo session may just result in a bunch of great photos as well. I was looking forward to it.
In the days before her upcoming photo session, Sheila talked about it often and I could tell she was looking forward to it. In particular, she wanted to re-create the first time she posed for me and Bill. She enjoyed being a novice and letting Bill move and position her, and especially when he opened her blouse a bit more each time, slowly exposing her until he finally had an entire breast bared.
"I want this to be just like when you let Bill pose me. I'm going to let Robert do everything, right down to him undressing me."
Thursday evening was upon us. Sheila and I had a quick dinner. I cleaned up while Sheila showered and did her hair and makeup. Robert got the at 7 o'clock sharp. I was expecting him to show up with his phone as his camera. Instead, he had a digital 35mm camera with different lenses and two tri-pods. lights and reflectors.
I asked where he wanted to start, he thought the den would be best. I helped him set up his equipment. It looked like he was going to start with Sheila posing at the bar or the nearby chair.
Sheila came in a few minutes later, hair and makeup looking good and wearing a short pink robe. From the way her breasts swayed beneath, it was evident she wasn't wearing a bra. She asked Robert, "Do you have any ideas on what you want me to wear?"
Robert said he had been thinking a skirt and blouse to start, preferably something dark. A black skirt if she had one and a blouse in a dark color would be perfect. He said with Sheila's pale skin, the darker color would make a nice contrast. He obviously had been giving this some thought. I was impressed.
As Sheila started to leave to get dressed, she stopped and spun back around, asking, "Bra and no bra?" It was the perfect question because when she spun around and stopped, her breasts kept going momentarily then swayed back and forth to a stop, accentuating the fact that she was braless. Her robe also felt the strain of movement and opened a few inches, showing cleavage down to her navel.
Caught by surprise by her question and her tits almost spilling out, Robert stared at Sheila's gapping robe rather than answering her question immediately. When he finally answered, he said, "No bra, definitely no bra."
Why was I not surprised?
When Sheila returned, she had on black heels, a black tight skirt and a deep purple satin long sleeve, button up blouse. She looked great. Robert was right, the darker colors looked good again Sheila's skin, at least what little of it that was exposed. She had her blouse buttoned up to her neck, not normal for her.
As she walked into the room, her nipples were poking under her blouse, probably from rubbing against the material of her blouse and from excitement.
Before getting started, Sheila poured herself a glass of wine and explained how she saw her part of the photo shoot going.
"Like I told you the other day, I don't have experience. I don't really know what to do and these are your photos, so you will have to do everything. Feel free to literally move me however you want."
"Take hold of an arm or shoulder or knee and move it as needed for the shot. The same goes for my clothing. If you want more leg to show, move it how you need it, pull the hem of my skirt up if you need to. If you want to show my chest or cleavage, you are free to unbutton my blouse, untuck it, open it, pull it off my shoulders or anything else you need for the photo. Don't be shy, I'm your model, you are the boss, ok? Have fun with it."
Robert agree and we got to it. I say we, because he had me holding a reflective screen to help with the lighting. This was good because I was going to be close enough to see every little detail during the evening rather than watching from across the room. As a matter of fact, the first detail I noticed was Robert's hands were shaking as he picked up his camera.
At first, all of Robert's shot were pretty mundane. He had Sheila stand and sit at the bar, or on a barstool but they were pretty much just plane photos. Sheila noticed this too and told Robert that he needed to relax, to enjoy and be creative. She reminded him, this was the chance he'd been longing for, so he needed to pick it up a bit. She assured him she was ok with whatever shot he wanted and not to hold back.
Robert thanked Sheila and said, "Sorry, ok. I guess I'm just nervous."
After that encouragement, he settled down some and finally started to move Sheila how he wanted for each shot. Rather than a shot of just Sheila standing at the bar, he lifted her leg at the knee and put her foot onto the footrest. In order to do that, her needed to scoot the bottom of her skirt up the leg he was moving. I could see his hands shaking as he placed them on Sheila's leg and slid her skirt up. Since the skirt was short to begin with, Robert's inside hand was far up on the inside of her thigh.
After a few of those, Robert asked, "Is it ok if I undo a button or two?"
"Yes, of course it is. These are your photos and your poses, you have to do everything. If you want to show more skin, then show it."
Reassured, Robert wasted no time. He had Sheila keep her leg on the stool footrest, turned her shoulders to face out toward the camera more and unbuttoned three buttons.
He took a couple shots but wasn't satisfied. Her blouse had flopped back closed. In an attempt to show Sheila's chest and the top of her breast, Robert had her lean forward for the next shot. Again, he was not satisfied. He had Sheila stand again and pulled up on her blouse to untuck it, allowing it to loosen around her. He put her back into her pose, had her lean forward again and reached over and pulled the front of the blouse out away from Sheila's chest. Now he had a good inside the blouse shot. Robert took numerous shots from different positions, making sure to capture Sheila's open blouse and partially exposed breast.
Next, Robert had Sheila sit on the arm of chair. He told her he wanted to cross her legs and helped lift one leg over the other and at the same to used his hands to slid her skirt up, showing her bare thigh almost to her butt.
Taking Sheila by the shoulders, he turned her torso enough to allow her to rest an elbow on her knee. When Robert bent her forward, her blouse naturally fell open, exposing Sheila's breast and nipple. Noticing this, he grabbed his camera and took shots from different angles, backing away enough to capture all of her, making sure to show the massive amount of leg being exposed and her gapping blouse. Robert moved closer to take upper body shots focusing on her open blouse and naked breast inside.
Robert seemed to really like this pose. He had Sheila stay seated on the arm of the chair and asked if he could undo another button. Sheila started to say something but he stopped her, laughingly saying, "I know, I'm sorry, it's my shoot, I can do whatever I want."
That understanding re-established, Robert unbutton Sheila's blouse down to her waist. I think there was only one button remaining but it was under her the waist band of her skirt. He definitely had her blouse open enough now to show as little or as much as he saw fit.
Once he made sure the blouse was plenty loose and just the way he wanted it, Robert took Sheila by the arm and bent her forward again, placing her elbow back on her knee. He said he was trying to get a shot inside Sheila's blouse that showed most of her breasts while still being held close together at her waist. His fix for that was to reach over and slide each side of her blouse out, opening it more until he thought he got it right but not yet uncovering her nipples.
Thinking he had the problem solved, Robert backed away and took a few more shots but still, it wasn't the look her wanted so he asked Sheila to sit back up. When she did, both sides of her blouse fell out to the sides and her breasts pushed their way out, exposing them both.
Robert gasped when he saw Sheila's breasts were exposed. He opoligized, telling us he didn't mean for that to happen and looked to me, worrying that I would be angry. I told him, "Hey, it's ok. I don't know if that's what you wanted but it looks good to me, I'd take a shot of her like that."
Sheila agreed and put one arm behind her and leaned back, causing her left breast to be thrust out towards Robert. He liked the pose and took some shots then had Sheila stay in that position while he covered her bare breast, a little at a time, photographing her each time. I noticed when Robert was adjusting Sheila's blouse, his fingers managed to brush over her nipple as her moved the material. He was starting to catch on.
Still using the chair as a prop, Robert moved Sheila into several positions, photographing each. When her blouse would slide back over a breast, he would take shots of that but eventually, he'd open it again, getting lots of pictures of her bare chested and partially covered.
For his last pose, Robert moved Sheila to a normal sitting position. He positioned her feet on the floor so that they were about six inches apart then closed her knees together. Next he worked Sheila's skirt up higher, so her panties were visible then opened her legs again to about the width of her feet.
Having Sheila sit up straight on the edge of the chair had cause her blouse to close again. Once he moved Sheila into the position, shoulders just right, he told her to look into the camera as he was taking these next shots and to make a kissing shape with her lips, holding that position.
Needing one last adjustment, Robert pulled Sheila blouse out away from her body with one hand and at the same time cupped her breast with his other and lifted it up and out of her blouse for his next shots.
After taking several photos in this pose, Robert stopped long enough to reach into Sheila's blouse to take her other breast out so both of her breasts were bared for the last of that series of photos.
At that point, Robert said he had all the photos he needed of Sheila in that skirt and blouse. Sheila asked what he wanted her to change into for the next series of pics. Again, Robert must have thought tonight's photo session out because he immediately asked Sheila if she had a blouse that was somewhat see through. She asked, "How see through do you want it, I have a couple in varying degrees of sheer."
Robert told her he was hoping for something in the medium range. Not totally see through, but sheer enough to be able to see her breasts and nipples.
"I've always found photos of women in see through tops erotic and have always wanted to take some of my own. It will be awesome, plus, you'd look great in anything see through."
Sheila said she had something in her closet that would be perfect and went to change, leaving Robert and I alone. Once Sheila was out of earshot, he asked me,
"Are you ok with everything so far. I mean with me taking Sheila's boobs out with my hands. I hope I didn't go too far but she did say I could do what I wanted."
I assured him it was perfectly ok and this is what she and I expected him to do for his photos.
"It's ok if you touch her. She is alright with it and so am I. We expected you to have to touch her, even her breasts. We assumed at some point you may have to put make up her areola because they are so light. Do what you need for your photos."
Robert was relieved and seemed to relax even more.
When Sheila came back, she was still wearing her black skirt but had changed into a black sheer chiffon blouse. Even across the room, Robert and I could see her tits clearly, bouncing as she walked to us, her nipples hard and poking. She looked incredible.
Robert had Sheila stand for many of his photographs this time. He paid special attention to his lighting, using it to enhance the sheerness of her blouse and to more clearly show her breasts under it. Towards the end, he had her move to the barstool again. After a few profile shots showing Sheila's tits through her blouse he surprised us.
When we thought he was finished, he had Sheila stand and he began unbuttoning her blouse. I figured he was going for some open blouse, tits out shots. Instead, when it was completely unbuttoned, he opened it and slid it off her shoulders and removed it completely. Sheila was now standing there topless. Robert handed her blouse back.
For his next shots, he had Sheila use her blouse as a prop, taking photos through the material and silhouetting her breasts. He had her hold it up between her breasts with her nipples showing on both sides and a few with her blouse draped over one shoulder or the other, taking his photos from the front and sides, showcasing Sheila's bare breasts in each.
Robert stopped for a moment and turned to me. "You had a good point about using make-up. I think if we darkened her nipples, these see through photos will be even better." Then he turned to Sheila and asked, "Do you have some make-up we can use?"
Sheila said she did and went off to get it. She didn't bother putting her blouse back on or covering herself. Soon she came bouncing and swaying back into the room where she handed the make-up to Robert. He looked confused and asked Sheila if she was going to put it on. She told him it was his job and for him to do it.
I watched as Robert lifted one of Sheila's breasts up (his hands were shaking again) and with his other hand and using a finger, rubbed the makeup around her areola and over her nipple. Robert took his time and was thorough. Whether he was making sure to cover it completely or just playing with Sheila's nipple, I'm not sure but he did go over and over it several times, making it pop back to attention each time his finger passed over it. When finished, he lifted her other breast and repeated the process.
Makeup applied, Robert retook the same photos over again. The makeup helped a lot, we could see Sheila's nipples through her blouse much easier as she posed. Robert was sure these would turn out better than the others.
When finished, Robert told Sheila, "I just had a thought for more photos at the bar. These will be a kind of fantasy shots. I'm thinking it would be cool to photograph you at the bar, drinking a glass of wine in just your skirt no top."
Robert looked to me and said, "You can stand behind the bar like a bartender and I'll take shots of Sheila like she's at a bar, drinking."
Sheila liked the idea. I got a towel and a few glasses as props and Robert moved around us taking his photos. After he was done, we decided to take a break and have something to drink and relax for a while. While Robert was using the bathroom, Sheila told me each time his touched her breasts, she could feel his hands trembling, especially when he was putting the makeup on his nipples. She said she thought it was "cute" that he was so nervous while touching bare titties for the first time.
I fixed Sheila and I a couple real drinks and a soda for Robert. We went out to the patio and sat at the table and talked, Robert and I fully dressed, Sheila sat with us, wearing only a skirt and high heel shoes.
"So what's next on your agenda Robert, what are you going to have Sheila wear next"?
"You know that pink robe you had on earlier? I think that has potential for some nice photos. Could you put that back on?" asking Sheila.
She agreed and left us to change. Sheila returned wearing her robe, she had it tied loosely, showing ample cleavage.
As we drank our drinks, Robert saw it as a photo opportunity and got his camera. He took photos of both Sheila and I at the table but mostly of her. After getting those, Robert reached out to Sheila's robe and opened it just enough to expose the areola of a breast then took another pic. He kept repeating the process, a little at a time, until he had exposed her entire breast.
Liking the robe, Robert closed the robe again but this time, he told Sheila to look into his camera and give him a "sultry" and to slowly slid the robe off her shoulder until her breast was completely exposed.
He stressed, "Do it really slow and act like you're flashing someone, I want to take several shots as your robe opens."
This was a great set of shots. Sheila got into it and her expression was perfect as she looked directly at Robert, opening her robe and showing him her tit. Those were going to be some good photos.
We went back into the den for more robe photos, each time starting with Sheila's robe closed and gradually having her open one or both sides. On the finally series, Robert untied the robe so that it would fall completely open rather than staying close at the waist as it had before.
For the last sequence, Robert told Sheila he wanted to photograph her as she took the robe off. Again, he stressed to do it slowly so he could capture each small sequence until her robe was off.
He said, "When you take it off, sort of hold it up and let it hang from your finger. Make sure to look into the camera and try to have a naughty girl look on your face."
Sheila giggled and told Robert, "Oh, I can do that. I can be really naughty when I want!"
Robert had her stand in front of the bar and when he was ready, he told Sheila, "Ok, real slow now, show me you boobs."
Sheila out did herself. She very slowly did the most sensual strip I've even seen. The way she looked at Robert, the way she moved and that naughty look on her face, wow! Without uttering a word, she was saying, "Come fuck me" to the camera and Robert.
Even Robert noticed how hot that sequence of photos were. He simply said, "Wow! That was incredible Sheila. That was so sexy."
Sheila was now standing before us wearing her black high heels and a very simply pair of black lace panties with her robe hanging from her finger. She looked great. Robert must have thought so too because he began taking more photos.
After Robert took his photos of Sheila using her robe as a prop, he took it from her, wanting to take shots of her in just her panties and high heels. The kid had a pretty good imagination for poses. Not only did he have Sheila sit and pose on a barstool and the chair from earlier, he had her hop up onto the bar and took a whole series of her sitting, laying on it and kneeling. The kneeling shots must have been Robert's favorites because he took many with Sheila on her hands and knees and leaning forward, all of which caused her breasts to hang and sway.
Getting even more creative, Robert asked me if we had a champagne glass. We did and I got it for him. He filled it with some of the Sprite he'd been drinking earlier and placed on the bar. He said he wanted to use the Sprite so the bubbles would make it look like champagne was in the glass.
Robert put his hand and Sheila's ass and moved her forward a bit then had her lean forward placing her hands onto the bar. With her on her hands and knees, he instructed Sheila to lower her body down slowly as he wanted to take a photo of her dipping her nipple into the champagne.
As Sheila lowered herself, the movement was making her breasts move so Robert reached up to steady her breast as she lowered further. Once her nipple broke the surface of the liquid, he instructed Sheila hold still and grabbed his camera.
With Sheila's dangling her breast into the champagne glass, Robert quickly took pics from a distance to get Sheila's entire body in the photos then moved up closer for close-ups of just her breast and the glass. Once he got those, Robert had Sheila sit on the bar and poured a small amount of Sprite over her breast, trying to get a profile shot of the liquid dripping off her nipple. This took a few tries but he finally got the shot he wanted.
We all thought that the liquid dripping from Sheila's nipple was going to be a good photo. Robert truly did have an eye for photography.
Sheila was having a great time posing and being topless for Robert. I'm sure Robert felt the same and by this point of the evening, Robert had finally become relaxed and was much more comfortable. We all were enjoying ourselves, the photo sessiom was a success.
Robert grabbed the towel I had used earlier and wiped up the small mess he made when pouring the Sprite over Sheila's nipple. When he was done, he began wiping off Sheila's breast and tummy, even lifting her breast up and dried under it. He was very thoughtful.
"Ok, what's next? Sheila asked as she kind of hopped up and down in excitement. This of course caused her tits to bounce delightfully.
"I'm really enjoying posing for you Robert. You seem to have a good eye for it. I'm impressed, you've been very professional and courteous, thank you" and gave him a hug.
I think she embarrassed him a little but he thanked Sheila, saying, "Thanks, but I should be the one thanking you. This is a dream come true for me and you're a great model. I can't wait to put the pictures on my computer to crop and edit them. I think you are going to be happy with the results."
"I'm glad you are enjoying it too. I'm looking forward to seeing them. Are you tired or do you want to take some more?"
"Heck yeah I do. I'm not tired at all. This is the most fun I've every had. I'm ready if you are." Robert answered.
"Good, what do I do next. Go put another outfit on or what?"
Robert hesitated before he answered, asking Sheila, "You meant what you said about letting me pose you any way I wanted, right"?
Sheila told him she did and was ready for her next session. Pleased, Robert asked her if she'd take off her panties and pose with nothing on but her shoes. Sheila couldn't help but smile at that and reminded him that it was his job to do the posing.
Robert knew what he needed to do. This was another big moment and his hands began to shake again. He stepped up, facing Sheila and knelt in front of her, his hands shaking even more and took the sides of her panties and started pulling them down, one side just a bit, then the other. By kneeling, his face was almost level with Sheila's pussy.
When he'd get her panties down far enough, he was going to be eye level with her pussy.
Robert worked both sides of the panties and when he had them down to her inner thighs, he moved them down all the way to Sheila's ankles in one motion. Lifting one foot at a time, Sheila stepped out of her panties and stood naked before him.
When Robert slid Sheila's panties all the way down, I'm sure I heard a small gasp as he realized her pussy was shaved completely. She doesn't leave any of those strips or heart designs, she prefers to shave completely smooth therefore, Robert was treated to Sheila's bare pussy lips, just inches from his face.
Gaining his composure and trying to act calmer than he was, Robert looked Sheila's naked body up and down. Trying to find the right words, he finally muttered, "Oh my God!" as his eyes went from Sheila's bare pussy to her bare tits and back down. I think at this point Robert was in shock. We knew he was a virgin and had never seen or been with a naked woman before so Sheila let him stare and enjoy her body.
Being a tease, as Robert looked at her, Sheila put her hands on her inne thighs and ran them up over her pussy, tummy and her tits telling him, "I love being naked. It's feels so good. This is going to be fun!"
Curious to know what Robert had in mind for her nudes, Sheila asked. He told her he thought he'd like to try to take some classic nudes, something like the old "pin ups" or the classic nude of Marilyn Monroe. Sheila agreed and asked, "Ok, sounds good, where do you want me?"
Robert chose our living room. It's big and has a large open carpeted area where she could stand, kneel and lay for the photos. Robert started off with trying to re-create the Monroe picture, with Sheila sitting on the floor, legs tucked under her a bit, one arm back pushing her chest forward. We didn't have a red silk fabric but it looked good and Robert took quite a few shots hoping for an exceptionally good one. He also circled around her, shooting at different angles, moving her arms in different positions, moving her shoulders and body and changed which side she was sitting on.
While he had Sheila on the floor, Robert took more photos of her in other positions. Basically, he took photos from every possible angle, having Sheila twist and turn, even moving her legs and knees a few times. It looked to me like Robert had run out of ideas and was simply taking as many photos of Sheila as he could.
After exhausting all the sitting poses, he got Sheila on her hands and knees again so her breasts were hanging. I think Robert likes to watch Sheila's tits hang and sway as much as I do. Again, Robert circled her, taking shot from every side. I have to hand it to him, he was discrete and didn't photograph her from behind, trying to be a gentleman.
Finishing up his photos, Sheila ended up standing while Robert moved her arms all around her body, across her chest, under her breasts, hands on hip and arms over her head. There are only so many ways to photograph and naked lady and I think he did them all.
Sensing Robert had run out of ideas, Sheila asked if they were done. Robert told her yes, he couldn't think off any other poses for her. Both Sheila and I suspected Robert wanted to take more photos of Sheila in more daring poses, showing more of her but was trying not to take advantage of the situation.
Sheila looked to me, almost as if we were thinking the same thing. I was hoping Robert would put her into poses with her legs spread to take bare pussy shots. I knew that was Sheila's goal as well so I nodded my head, indicating, yes, go ahead.
"Well, if you're finished with all of your photos, would you take some for me? Sort of for my private collection. The ones you've taken so far are yours to keep, although after you finish editing them, we'd like to get together and see them. Anyway, do you mind taking a few more, just for me?" How could anyone refuse an offer like that from a a naked lady?
Sheila said, "Let's go back into the den, I like the bar setting."
Robert and I followed her, watching her ass move as she walked in front of us. As soon as Sheila got to the bar, she sat on a barstool sideways to us and told Robert to start taking photos of her as she turned towards us. Camera ready, Robert said go ahead.
Sheila pulled her shoulders back to accentuate her tits and slowly turned to the camera. Robert clicked away the whole time, catching her as she turned to show us her tits and at the same time, she was spreading her legs.
When Sheila stopped her turn, she was facing Robert and I, hands behind her head, thrusting her tits towards us and knees apart, exposing her pussy.
I took a quick look over to Robert to see his reaction. His mouth had dropped open and he was staring at Sheila as she sat there in front of him, bare breasted, legs wide open showing him her pussy but still wearing those black high heels.
After letting Robert stare for a bit, Sheila told him to get his camera ready and to start shooting again. He lifted the camera and Sheila went to work.
She left her legs spread, her pussy was wet and the lips were open, allowing Roberts camera a straight on shot of her gapping pussy. Sheila started rubbing and squeezing her tits and playing with her nipples. At one point, she pulled her nipples hard, actually lifting her tits up as she did so. Having her nipples played with is one of Sheila's favorite things. Robert was catching it all on his camera
Leaving her tits, moved her hands down her body to her pussy. Her breathing had quickened, a sign of an approaching orgasm. Having been turned on all evening while posing, Sheila plunged her finger into her waiting pussy and started working it. She wanted to cum for Robert and his camera and began rubbing her clit. Thirty seconds later, a powerful orgasm overcame her. Sheila convulsed over and over, moaning and whimpering as she came for us.
I leaned over and asked Robert, "Did you get all that?" He indicated he had as he watched Sheila recover from one of the biggest orgasms I've seen her have. Recovered fully, Sheila asked for a towel as she had pussy juices over the barstool and running down her legs. Robert handed her the towel we had been using earlier.
Sheila told Robert that she hadn't actually planned to cum in front of him but hoped he got photographs of it. He assured her he caught it all, from start to finish and he was sure she'd like them.
"Good, I'm sure I will. We can look at those when we look at all the others. It will be fun to see how you've immortalized me!" Sheila kidded.
I assumed that we were finished for the night and was surprised when Sheila asked Robert if he would take just a few more photos. He readily agreed and asked what she wanted next. Her answer was another surprise since her and I hadn't talked about it beforehand. I normally know everything Sheila has planned, thus my surprise.
Sheila told Robert she wanted him to video her this time, rather than take still photos. He said it was no problem and easily done.
"There's just one catch. I want you to let Mark (that's me, my name is Mason but I go by my middle name) take the video, so I can have one of you and I together, to commemorate your first photo shoot."
Not sure what exactly Sheila had in mind, Robert agreed. It would be great to see himself and Sheila together in a photo or video, especially since she was still naked.
Sheila said she tell me when to start the video. Robert showed me how to use his camera on video mode and we were set. Sheila took Robert's hand and led him back to the bar. She sat on the barstool and had Robert stand next to her, telling him, "Just to follow along, listen to my instructions and not to worry, it will be fun."
Given the nod to proceed, I started the video and watched and wondered what Sheila was up. It didn't take long to find out and I wasn't disappointed when I did.
Video rolling, Sheila looked to Robert and asked if him, "Did you like seeing my tits and being allowed to photograph them." He nodded yes.
She asked, "Did you like being allowed to touch them too?" Again, Robert nodded he did.
"You've been wanting to play with them all evening, haven't you?" Another nod yes.
"Do you want suck on them? To feel my hard nipples between your lips?" Robert nodded more enthusiastically this time.
Sheila knew he did. Looking at him, she smiled and lifted a breast up for him and pulled his head to her waiting nipple. "Suck it honey, you've been waiting all night, suck on it all you want."
Robert was probably shocked but he wasn't stupid, he put his mouth to Sheila nipple and sucked it into his mouth. I heard Sheila gasp as he did. As he sucked on her tit, his other hand went to Sheila's other breast and began playing with it. Robert was in heaven, a big tit in one hand and another in his mouth. Sheila let him enjoy her tits while she held his head to her breast as he sucked it.
As Robert was enjoying Sheila's breasts, I noticed she had slid her free hand between her legs and was masturbating. Sheila loves to have her tits sucked and with Robert doing such a good job, it didn't take long for her to climax again.
After allowing Robert to have his way with her tits for almost ten minutes, she lifted his head from her breast, got off the barstool and sat down in the nearby chair. Sheila spread her legs wide, resting one leg over the arm of the chair. She told Robert to kneel in front of her. When he did, she told him to watch her.
With Robert's full attention, Sheila spread her pussy to show him her most intimate parts. She put her finger up into her to pussy and finger fucked herself. Robert watched intently as Sheila's finger slid in and out of her very wet pussy. She withdrew her finger and held her pussy open and with her other hand, showing Robert her clit and how she liked to be touched, alternating between tracing circles around and over it, to slowly rubbing up and down.
When satisfied Robert knew what to do, Sheila sat with her legs spread wide open and let him finger her and play with her clit. Robert caught on quick and soon figured out he could finger fuck Sheila's pussy with one hand and rub her clit with the other. He no sooner started on her clit when she began to cum. Sheila told Robert not to stop and came hard once again.
Catching this all on video, I enjoyed watching Robert fingering my wife to an orgasm. Sheila bucked against Robert's hand as she came, her tits moving wildly with each spasm. His fingers were driving her crazy!
After Sheila's orgasm, she pulled Robert to her and kissed him long and hard. As they kissed, Robert's hand went back to Sheila's breasts. The kid was a quick learner!
They broke their kiss after a while but Robert continued fondling Sheila's breasts. She looked down at his hand as he was twisting one of her nipples and asked him, "Are you having fun with that?"
"Robert grinned broadly and said, "Oh yeah!"
Sheila let him feel her tits for another few minutes and then asked, "Are you ready for the last act?"
Robert didn't know what the last act was but he sure as hell wasn't going to say no. He nodded his head eagerly.
Sheila had him stand and she knelt in front of him and started unbuckling his belt. Robert started to panic, looking to me, down at Sheila and back to me. He didn't know what to do. I nodded to him and it's said, "It's ok, relax."
With my reassurance, Robert didn't resist and let Sheila do what she started. I'm sure the poor kid had been hard the entire evening and desperately needed and wanted relief. Sheila wrestled his hard cock out of his pants and pulled them down to his ankles.
Knowing Robert was probably on the brink of cumming, Sheila wasted no time. She took Robert's cock deeply into her mouth in one smooth motion and began pumping him with her mouth. Robert came almost immediately. He let out a groan and starting filling Sheila's mouth with cum. I don't think I've ever seen someone cum as long as Robert did that night. Sheila kept pumping, he kept cumming. It wasn't long before cum was running out of the corners of Sheila's mouth and dripping off her chin onto her chest. She continued fucking Robert's cock with her mouth, all the while, spilling more cum onto her chest and tits.
When Robert was finally spent, Sheila pulled her mouth from his cock. It was covered in her saliva and cum as was Sheila's mouth and chin. She took Robert's cock in her hand, turned her face to me and the camera and rubbed the head of his cock over her cheeks and mouth, licking it and cleaning the remaining cum from the head and shaft. Sheila smiled for the camera with cum around her mouth and her chin and said, "Cut!" I turned the video off.
The photo session was complete. Robert got his photos and his first blow job, Sheila got her video and some major orgasms. All in all, they both enjoyed themselves!
We made plans with Robert to call when he completed his editing so we could look at his work. Who knows, if they are good, Sheila may want to do another photo shoot.