Kathy sat down in the change room and began slipping out of her clothes. This was definitely a part of the day he enjoyed. Shedding her maternity clothes and getting into her bathing suit made her feel good. Even now, seven months pregnant, she enjoyed the stares he got from men once she was ensconced in her one piece. There was no question her boobs were bigger. The clingy and body hugging material gave her the kind of cleavage she had always dreamt of and her nipples could basically punch holes through the deceptive white suit. Why were her nipples always hard here? Was it the chill in the air or the knowledge that she was getting a lot of attention in a perfectly socially acceptable setting? Who knew maybe it was the good looking lifeguards and swim instructors wandering around in their own tights swim suits.
Being pregnant was lovely and she was happy about her future. But being a heavily pregnant single woman was presenting its own challenges, particularly for someone with as healthy a sex drive as Kathy. She certainly had not planned her pregnancy. She had been living away from her home town in Atlanta. She was in her final year of college and had picked up a very cute freshman. After meeting at a party she had been attracted to his swimmer's body, smooth muscles and broad shoulders. Well, what was a girl to do. She had taken him back to her flat. He was not a virgin, but nor had he had much experience. First she had talked him through going down on her and then given him the best blowjob he had ever had. But they had not had a condom so she had told him that if he wanted to fuck her he would have to use her ass. She had thought his eyes were going to pop out of his head! They had spent some time slowly stretching out her tight little bud and eventually he had climbed on top of her and slid his full length into her.
She had writhed and moaned, loudly enough for both her room-mate and her neighbours to hear as it turned out later. They had rolled and sweated for longer than she had ever been able to take anal before. At last, he pinned her to the bed and drove into her harder than she believed possible. When he pumped his cum into her she thought he was going to split her in half. Afterwards, they lay there and enjoyed the slick and slippery feeling as his lubed cock slowly slid out of her and his cum cascaded down her thigh.
Later, after they had both showered she had started playing with his cock. She felt so luxuriously excited when she got him hard again she pulled him on top of her and spread her legs, pulling him into her. Of course, they had both gaspingly sworn that if he neared orgasm he would pull out and cum on her tits. But when he breathlessly grunted that he was about to cum she didn't let him go. She locked her ankles behind his rock hard ass and made him cum into her hot welcoming cunt. She milked him, pushing him again and again into her as his young and virile balls drained themselves as deeply into her as anyone had ever been.
She didn't stay in touch. She didn't feel the need to. And when she found out she was pregnant she quietly left and travelled back to the town she had grown up in to await the birth. One piece of advice no-one thinks to give pregnant girls is, that if you are single, don't expect it to improve your sexual appeal. Since she had begun to grow, a lot of people showed their support by telling her how fantastic she looked. And times having changed, many who knew about her situation even told her how great they thought it was that she was doing it by herself.
What she had noticed a shortage of was hot young guys trying to get into her pants. Hell, by now she would have settled for a quick finger fuck from a middle aged taxi driver. What she got was concern, help and patronising displays of platonic friendship. She wanted to just once say, how about you skip the 'warm hug' and throw me some mind blowing oral sex.
Ironically, while seeming to make her sexual poison, her pregnancy had actually made her hornier than she had ever been. Her nipples had swollen and were incredibly sensitive and her pussy had become puffy. Whether that was because of her hormones or because she was now masturbating a couple of hours every day she didn't know. Somewhat disappointingly she found that in the last couple of months she had lost the ability to orgasm. She still loved to play with herself, but she could now go all day building herself to a climax that never came! So in all she had found pregnancy to be as wonderful as everyone told her but also an extended lesson in sexual frustration.
She had now signed up for neo-natal pool sessions. They were fun and relaxing. It was nice to chat with other women who were in the same swollen boat. And it got her out of the house for a while. Today was a little awkward as everyone had been invited to bring a partner. So all of the other women entered the pool with husbands or other partners. Some had brought friends or family members, but they all had someone. Kathy's mum had offered to come along but she decided she would rather lone it than have her mum holding her in the water, cooing in her ear.
So after they had all relaxed for a while and done some gentle exercises, the instructor asked the partners to stand behind their expectant ladies and support their weight as they floated up. There was a brief pause, as Diane, the instructor, realised that she had one singleton in the pool. Just as Kathy started to say she was happy to do her own thing for a while. Diane looked up and waved over another instructor.
"This is David. He's just started working here and he'd be happy to step in for a moment. Wouldn't you David?"
Kathy looked up and saw a solidly built lifeguard wearing nothing but the standard yellow shorts. He was smiling down at Kathy with a cheeky grin and a soft crinkle to his eyes. His hair had short brown curls she immediately wanted to run her fingers through.
"Sure," he answered and slipped into the pool beside her, "always happy to help out."
"You'll have to excuse his unintelligible accent. He's Australian." Diane laughed, "He's joined us for the summer, you know how these Aussies are, he probably has a criminal background."
Kathy didn't know about a criminal background but she was pretty sure she would welcome some kind of contact that could constitute assault in less enlightened circles. As they all got back into position Diane made a final joke about making sure he didn't let his hands wander. There were a few polite titters and Kathy realised with a bit of a jolt that it was funny because obviously there was no risk of this guy actually wanting to molest a heavily pregnant stranger.
Oh well, this was the closest she had come to being felt up in a few months and she was going to enjoy it. At first the instructor had her lay back and allow her feet to float to the surface while David slid his arms under hers and supported her shoulders and head against his chest. She let her hands run down his arms at each side and felt his muscles through the sliding water. He had an extensive tattoo running down his right arm made up of intricate scrolls and billowing medieval scenes.
Kathy tried her best to relax and pretend this was a very relaxing position but the truth was she could feel her nipples starting to harden. When he asked her softly if she was feeling comfortable she had to sputter for a moment before responding. What was this a date? Did she really need to weigh her answers? Before she could say anything he spoke again, telling her to relax and close her eyes. Her legs had now drifted up so that she was lying on her back in the water. His hands had moved to the centre of her back to support her belly in the water while her head still rested against his shoulder. With her eyes closed she could feel as his hands slowly moved down to cup the small of her back. His arms ran along the length of her body and she could just feel his breathing .
In her mind his hands continued down and caressed her half exposed bum. She then allowed herself to continue the fantasy where he slid his hands back up her front to fondle her breasts and pull her against his own solid chest.
She opened her eyes with a jolt. Had she just moaned? She wasn't sure and when she snuck a quick look at him he was wearing the same lop sided smile. When she turned her eyes to the front she saw her own nipples standing up through her suit like beacons. She hurriedly allowed her body to sink beneath the water again but just managed to avoid drawing more attention to them by clutching her arms across her chest.
For the next ten minutes she enjoyed doing the gentle exercises that involved his hands and arms tucking and wandering around her. They managed a few jokes and she could easily convince herself that under other circumstances she would have been bold enough to ask him if he wanted a local to show him around. At the end of the session he helped her out of the pool and then stood near her as she wrapped a towel around herself. She felt sure that he took a chance to take in her full belly and her breasts which now seemed determined to burst out the top of anything she wore. But to be fair just about everyone she met these days spent most of their time taking in her belly and cleavage. And that was without the added attraction of wet lycra.
When she finally got herself into a private cubicle she stripped off the wet material and thought about his hands removing them for her. At that point it was almost a biological necessity for her to lean back on the wooden bench in the cubicle and slip her fingers into her wet pussy and prolong the sense of stretched arousal. Her nipples started like batteries as soon as she grasped one between the fingers of her other hand.
Leaning against the wall she found the sight of her own massive breasts and swollen belly with her hand rubbing at her unseen, aching pussy incredibly arousing. She stayed and enjoyed the sensation as long as she thought she could decently occupy the bathroom. Unfortunately, she failed to orgasm as she had for the last couple of months. Still, she left the pool feeling like the experience could just about see her through the next few months until she might be in a position to do something more satisfying about her urges.
That night she had made a commitment to meet friends to see a live band at a local bar. As she was not drinking herself and the venue was smoke free she was looking forward to a chance to do something a little bit adult. And not working meant that she had a chance to get a good afternoon nap in before heading out. So, when she arrived at the bar at 9 her friends were already partying. They loved having 'their pregnant friend' with them, and while Kathy could have done with fewer invitations to sit down and rest and enquiries about how she was feeling it was good to listen to music and see what everyone was up to. She had worn a full length dress. It was figure hugging, but then, so was everything nowadays. It was mostly white with navy circles which almost accentuated her tummy. And her cleavage made a spectacular appearance at the halter neck. It was comfortable and she suspected was a gift to any guys who liked their boobs big and didn't mind a pregnant body supporting them.
The band was a local pub rock group called the Screaming Jets. Kathy and her friends had probably seen them a dozen times over the years and knew all the songs. It had a feeling of old times. After they had played about an hour, Kathy looked past the shoulder of a friend she was talking to and saw David standing a few feet away. He was holding a beer in one hand and appeared to be by himself. He had clearly noticed her and now gave her the same grin she had seen earlier in the day. Out of his wet gear his hair was a little lighter but the curls remained. His jeans and tshirt didn't do much to hide his build and she remembered every inch of it quite clearly.
She smiled and gave him a small wave. She even caught herself reflexively pushing a strand of her hair back over her right ear. The music in the venue was so loud it was impossible to hear anything but voices shouted right in the ear. So for the next few minutes they exchanged frequent grins and looks but nothing in the way of words. Kathy thought briefly of inviting him to join her friends but while she knew she couldn't really try to seduce him just now herself, she certainly wasn't ready to surrender the field to any of her friends who would be likely to make short work of an Australian life guard and tell her about it for the rest of her life.
She watched him reach back to a table and deposit his empty beer bottle and then turn back to her through the crowd. With another smile he extended his hand in her direction and then beckoned her over to him. She walked over to him with what she determinedly referred to in her own mind as a saunter rather than a waddle. She certainly resisted the urge to put her hand in the small of her back for support. As she neared him he took her hand in his and turned to walk her through the crowd.
Was he going to take her to somewhere she could sit down? Was he worried about her spending so much time on her feet? She had heard them all over the last few months. He briskly walked to the side of the bar in which the band was playing and crossed through a staff door and into the lounge bar which was next door. It was dark and empty, having closed a couple of hours earlier when the band started next door. She was unsure if he had a contact in the bar or perhaps worked here but he certainly seemed comfortable wandering about on his own.
Finally, he stopped in front of a booth that had a leather wraparound seat and its own table. She suspected he was going to ask her to sit down and relax. At least it meant they would be able to have a private chat. He turned and took her waist in his hands and then spun her around and sat her down on the booth's seat. "Hi," was all he said to her as their eyes met again.
"Umm , Hi," she answered as he knelt down in front of her so that his face was just below her own. His hand then came up behind her neck and pulled her forward slowly into a deep kiss. His mouth tasted sweet and warm and he gently parted her lips with his own. He didn't move his tongue forward and after just a moment Kathy allowed herself to kiss back and moved her lips against his, bringing her own tongue flicking slightly against his lips.
As she gave in to the kiss she felt his hands running over her body. They moved gently over her belly before taking more control as they shaped themselves around her tits and pressed their palms firmly against her eager nipples. After she pulled back a little he slid one hand behind her back and gently lay her down on the seat. Leaning over her he kissed his way down her neck and across the top of her breasts. Lying as she was as soon as he put his hands on her both nipples fell up and out of the generous neck. Laughing softly, he covered first one and then the other with his mouth and sucked gently on them.
This time there was no room for doubt, Kathy moaned and pulled him against her, she spread her legs and let him position himself so that he was leaning forward and taking both breasts into his mouth. She could feel the rock hard swelling in his jeans pushing against her own crotch, but for the moment she wanted nothing more than to lay there and have him suck on her full tits.
If it was enough for her it clearly wasn't for him. Kneeling between her legs he now slid his hands up her legs and took the soft fabric of her dress with him. She had neither the desire nor the ability to do anything about it. In seconds she was lying back on the seat with her legs spread wide and her dress pushed up to her waist. He gently slipped one finger down the side of her underwear and moved them down her legs to her feet. She could no longer even see what he was doing from where she lay. Looking down one hand of his still seemed to come from nowhere to cup her left breast, but he had disappeared below her cleavage and belly. She shuddered dramatically as she felt his first warm breath on her wet pussy lips. Again, she moaned out loud and used her own hand to force him to grab her breast as hard as he could. As that throbbing wave went through her his lips brushed against her. Then she felt the magical warmth of his tongue pushing into her. What could she do, should she try to stop, should she at least suggest they go home. She lay, exposed and helpless on a seat in a massive empty bar room and she was pretty sure she was going to moan like some kind of wild animal if this man followed through on what he was promising.
He did. He began to nuzzle and lick at her sweet centre. She wanted him to stay there for hours, days! She wanted to enjoy the gentle sensations but then she also wanted to grab handfuls of his beautiful hair and grind into his face so hard he would have to beg for air. Was she making too much noise? Could anyone hear her? Or had all of her friends from next door come through and lined up to take photos. She didn't know and cared less. She wanted to be carried away on this wave of a dream. He was moving now, she could feel his mouth pushing harder into her in a rhythmic movement. She matched it and felt the beautiful sensation of his face actually becoming wet and slippery with her juices. After ten minutes she felt as close to cumming as she had in the last few months. But she knew she just wasn't going to get there at the moment and she wanted something else she hadn't had in almost 8 months.
Using her elbows to push herself up, she managed to get into a sitting position. He looked into her eyes and she could see her own moisture all over his mouth. She kissed him passionately both as a thank you and to taste herself. Then she pulled him to his feet. He rose without any resistance, he was happy to see what she wanted. Quickly she ran her palm over his cock, she could feel it through thick denim and wanted to feel it in her hand.
Murmuring with pleasure as she started to rub him, he undid his fly and allowed her to pull his jeans down off his waist. His cock quickly sprang free and stood to attention right in front of her hungry eyes.
She grabbed it with her right hand and looked up at isi face. He was smiling now but his eyes had lost their easy going smirk. Sweat was beaded across his brow as he looked down at her. She knew what he was seeing, she could imagine it. She now took the chance to pull her dress the rest of the way over her head. Then she looked down herself. Her red nails wrapped around his cock and her breasts framed a naked swollen belly, then her legs spread. She still wore her back shoes but otherwise she was the picture of naked and fertile need. She looked up again and smiled at him. She wanted him to want everything he saw, and he did. Now she kept her eyes locked on his as she opened her mouth and slipped his length past her lips and onto her tongue.
It was his turn to moan aloud and allow his head to drop back. She now focussed on what she was doing. His cock was just above average length and the hair was very short and trimmed, perhaps it was a requirement of the job. She used her right hand to begin stroking along the length of the shaft and at the same time secured the base to push herself further and further along him. She wanted to feel her lips push onto his balls, she wanted to take absolutely everything he had.
She felt his hands grab at her hair, she had spent quite a bit of time styling her short dark look but now he grabbed at her in his desperation to push himself further into her. Soon, almost gagging she pulled back and took the opportunity to look up into his face. He was staring down at her with a fixed intensity. Was he about to cum? She didn't know him at all so he was hard to read. Would he like to cum in her mouth or would he like to spray all over her upturned face? At that moment she was not going to deny him anything, even if it meant walking back out to her friends with his cum running down her face.
He grabbed both of her hands and stopped her, then he pulled her up to her feel so that she stood in front of him. Her ass was now pushed back against the table. He kissed her again and this time she felt the thrill of his whole body length against her naked body. His cock was in her crotch but her hypersensitised nipples were being crushed against his chest as she pulled herself into him. Catching her under both thighs, he quickly lifted her onto the table and moved himself between her legs so that she was spread wide. Gazing down at her he pulled his own shirt off over his head. She needed to put her own hands on the table behind her so that her whole body was left exposed to him. He grinned and lifted both of her knees slightly, which effectively left her even wider spread. Her pussy was now aimed right at him. When he stepped forward, he slipped into her as if made for her. She gasped and clutched at him with her ankles. She threw her head back and convulsively ground her ass forward on the desk as he sank fully into her.
As his own waist pushed against her prominent belly she felt him come to a rest against her womb. His cock was warm and filled her so exactly she wanted to keep him there. For a few minutes neither of them moved. Simply by shifting their weight they heightened the sensations that were pulling them closer. At last, she managed to put one arm around his shoulder and then brace herself to start sliding herself along his shaft. He also leant forward and took her in his arms. It meant the strokes were necessarily shorter but she could crush her own mouth against his as he began to fuck her hard, pushing her back against the table every time he reached his limit inside her hungry pussy.
The sensation was overwhelming. Again and again she considered asking him to slow down or to stop just for a moment, but the feeling of treading the line between enough and too much was delicious. She loved the feeling of being fucked, the smell of his mouth and body in her face. She parted her lips and took a big mouthful of his shoulders. She wanted to be oblivious, she wanted to take as much of him into her as was possible. She began by almost dragging her mouth backwards and taking a bite of his shoulder with her, then she slowly let him slip out of her teeth before moving forward again and biting.
She was finding it hard to focus, waves of arousal made her want to stop, scream, bite and climax simultaneously. His own movements were taking on a measured rhythm. She wanted him to cum, she wanted him to do anything he wanted. Stopping to lick the side of his neck she pulled his head into her own shoulder and as she did she could see over his shoulder back to the empty bar.
She almost yelled. She was certain she saw a deeper shadow standing in the doorway. Was it a person or was it her imagination? What was she doing, should she stop? She was being fucked in a public place by a guy she didn't know. She was spread on a table being enjoyed and being watched, her tits and her whole body were not her own. What was she doing?
What was she doing? She realised almost as it happened, was that she was cumming. Months of mounting sexual frustration broke as her pussy clenched around him and she raked her nails down his back. She bit down again on the sensitive spot she had already tortured with her mouth. He grunted as her teeth sank in but she did not care. harder and harder she bit down as waves of orgasm rocked her. She felt and tasted a hint of blood in her mouth but still she clenched her jaws in rhythm with her spasming pussy. Her legs clung to him and pushed him as hard into her ravaged pussy as she could. She shook and strained out the grandest climax she had ever had.
As she began to slow she saw the shadow move. There was now no question that someone was standing and watching her cum like an animal all over the table she was splayed on. And it appeared whatever their response was likely to be it didn't include leaving. Well, if they were happy to stay it clearly wasn't going to slow her down. Was it being watched that had made her cum or simply the fucking she had wanted for months.
David pulled back slightly. He knew what had just happened and wanted to see the look on her face. She was beautiful. Her make-up had become spread and she had bitten deep grooves in her own lower lip but she didn't want to finish just yet.
"What do you want?" she asked him, holding him still deep inside her.
He shook his head and stood for a moment. He could not think about options. He couldn't move beyond looking down at her. He had thought about this all day.
"Cum on my face?" she asked him. Was it pleading or offering, she didn't know.
He nodded wordlessly and she quickly slipped off the table and back down onto the seat. She felt her ass move over the leather, lubricated by sweat, cum and her own juices. Taking his balls in her left hand and holding his shaft in her right she began to pump him again as she looked up. He held her head and stared down intently at her waiting face. Soon he began groaning and bucking his hips towards her so she grinned and opened her mouth as wide as she could aiming him right at her tongue. But she didn't let him push into her mouth, she wanted him to enjoy the show.
When he began to cum he struggled to keep his eyes open. We watched as spurts of cum spread themselves across her face. Generous spurts fell on her tongue and into her mouth, but just as much landed on her cheeks, lips and chin. She felt the warmth and had some idea of being covered but also tasted him in her mouth and smelt the musky odour of him all over her. After the last strand fell she licked his head one more time before closing her lips and swallowing in a drawn out gulp. She even enjoyed the sensation of running her tongue all over her lips and teeth afterwards, feeling further drops everywhere she went. He took one step back and lifted her chin in his hand.
"Beautiful" he murmured and bent to kiss her in a lingering and possessive movement. When he drew away she finally gazed back to the dark recesses of the bar. As if on cue, she saw a shadow detach itself from the shade around it and move silently back through the door and into the other room.
David stood her up and enveloped her in his arms. He then handed her her clothes and watched appreciatively as she slipped it back on. She made a show of running her finger around her face and collecting the most obvious loads of cum from her skin and licking it off her small finger. When she was finished she simply ran both hands over her whole face. The significant remnant of cum could simply be mixed with sweat and pushed into her hair for a shower later.
Slowly and almost wordlessly they held each other's hands and moved back into the bar next door. Her friends were still there, rocking on and showed very little curiosity at where she had been. Presumably they thought she had snuck off for a quiet sit down. David did nothing to dispel that idea and allowed her to rejoin her group and moved off with nothing more than a promise to see her at her next pool session.
Kathy stood silently and enjoyed the last two songs of the set. She smelt of sex and still felt the reverberations of the greatest orgasm she had ever had, running through her central nervous system. And somewhere in this room was someone who had just enjoyed watching her fucked and covered in cum in one of her favourite bars. Scanning the crowd she realised that she knew the names of over half the people in the room and the faces of another third. How many times would she wind up talking to the person who had just watched her screwed. Who cared?