So there it was. Carol just asked me if she could fuck Tom. Was this the inescapable next step in our flirting game? We had gone from Carol's hot dancing, to her wild exhibitionism, to sharing deep kisses with others, to Carol being finger fucked. It was like a flash of blinding lightening in my mind. Could we really do this? Should we do this? Could I lose Carol if I let her fuck someone else? But this was so sexually hot. Would there be others?
I pulled Carol to me and said, "We need to talk by ourselves on the deck."
Carol looked at Tom and said, "Dick needs to approve."
Carol and I were alone on the deck. I looked at her naked body. Her tits were flushed red with poking nipples. She had love bite marks on her tits, shoulders and neck. Her bald mound glistened in the moonlight. Her eyes were hooded with lust and her breathing was shallow. I told her my concerns but, how sexually exciting this could be.
Carol said, "If you say no, no it is". "If you say yes, I'll still love only you."
My cock was throbbing, dripping. My cock said yes. I turned Carol around, my cock between her ass cheeks as my hands caressed her whole body. I moaned, and breathed into her ears. She shuddered.
I said, "Yes."
Carol wrapped her arms around me and gave me a full body sexual kiss.
She said, "We'll all have fun."
She walked back into the cottage, took Tom by the hand and walked back out to the deck. They wrapped themselves around each other, kissing, panting, fingering, moaning. They were lost in a world of sexual nirvana. They were lost in each others needs. Carol sank to her knees, her mouth salivating for his cock. She sucked the head into her mouth, licked the crown, slathered his length with saliva, stroked his hardness with one hand and moaned as she took him deep into her throat.
Tom held Carol by her hair and began driving his cock into her, face fucking her. His face was a picture of sweet agony as Carol's cock sucking drove him to new heights of pleasure. When he began trembling, about to explode, Carol looked up and smiled at him. She ran his cock between her tits and all over her face.
She pulled him down on the nearest sleeping bag and hovered over him. She offered her tits to suck. While he sucked one nipple she pulled on the other. Carol got up on her knees and sank her overflowing cunt over his mouth. She moaned at his muffled groans. She started fingering her clit and riding his face.
I knelt beside her and kissed her hungrily. Our tongues sought each other's out, lips slobbering, mouths open wide, moaning sounds of unbridled lust. I wanted to watch Carol fuck like I couldn't see her while we fucked.
Carol, "Ahhhhh, Fucking god, meeee, me, cummmmming."
I held Carol while she shuddered through her orgasm.
After glowing for a minute Carol lay back on the sleeping bag while Tom got between her legs his cock pulsing with lust, dripping pre cum. Carol took his cock in her hand and pulled it to her cunt. She slid it along her slit soaking it with her juices. She raised her legs so that her feet were on his shoulders and her toes starting to curl. I'll never forget the moment when Tom's prick slowly entered Carol's cunt. They were focused eye to eye as Tom sank his cock deeply into her slit. Once Tom was fully in they both froze luxuriating in the raw sex they were about to have.
Carol threw her head back, eyes rolling, sweet ecstasy, cheeks bright red, mouth gasping, lips pursed with wantonness. For her there was nothing in this world except this fucking.
I still have the picture and it get's me hard every time.
Carol and I always talk dirty while fucking.
Carol, "Cock, Prick, Cunt, Arghhhh, Fuck meeee."
I was still kneeling beside them. My mind was a whirl of conflicting emotions: Lust, anxiety, jealousy. Lust won.
I was surrounded by the symphony of raw fucking
"Ohhhhh, Ahhhhh, unhhhh, arghhhh
Ccccok Tease, Ohhhh, Ohhhhhh, Fuck meee
Oh Yeahhhhh, Unhhhhh, Ohhhh yeah, Ohhhh yeah
Cunt, Cunt, Cunt, Fucking Goddd, Fuck, Fuck
Cummming, Cummmming, Cummmming, Argh
It seemed to go on forever. I couldn't tell who was moaning, sexing. I saw Carol frantically strumming her clit and pulling her nipples. Tom slapped Carol's tits and that only brought on more groaning. Carol reached up, grabbed Tom's hair and pulled him tightly to her body.
They reached a crescendo gurgling and clutching at each other before they collapsed. Tom was on top of Carol, panting and gasping for breath his cock still buried in Carol. Carol lay back her arm across her face breathless, gasping. They were sharing small kisses and touches as they shared the after glow of sex.
I was still on my knees and my cock was on fire. I couldn't hold back and stream after stream of hot cum blasted out of my cock covering Carol's tits and Tom's heaving back. We were all lost in a wonderland.
Carol reached up and pulled me in for a sweet sexy kiss.
She asked "Are we all right?"
I hugged her sexy body to me and told her how much I loved my dirty girl.
We gradually became aware that there were other people in the cottage and they had seen Tom and Carol fucking and me watching.