Gnarly had his first night of truly good sleep since moving to Chicago. Stretching out on a nice firm Queen sized bed with the Queen spooning under his arm. His Landlady Naomi Carpenter had spent the night after setting up the furniture she had treated him to. Having been given a sizeable loan by her Bank for renovations. Not to mention and extra $5,000 for unexpected services rendered. Having been caught having phone sex from the Bank's men's room with Gnarly he encouraged her to be bolder. How this Iowa farm boy managed to get her to do these crazy things was beyond her. She never realized what her life was missing before now. While both insisted their relationship remain free spirited it was nice to have someone to wake up next to. Reaching for his cell to check the time his movement unintentionally revived her majesty.
"What time is it?" Naomi yawns.
"8:10 AM. Time for some coffee."
She stretches vibrantly as his eyes wander her gorgeous contours. The sheets slipping away revealing all but succulent thighs. With a swift pull aside there it was. She dropped her jaw mid yawn as Gnarly rolled over and ate her out for another five minutes of morning pleasure. She was flabbergasted by his hunger. A short route to her orgasm she coos with her hands behind her pillow crushing it up around her ears.
"There's where I put the coffee creamer." Gnarly winks and licks his lips.
"Your only weekend before starting that record store job. What's on your agenda?"
"Breakfast for one. I'll finish up the last two cabinet doors upstairs. You can start varnishing them tomorrow."
"Breakfast does sound yummy. Seeing as your own cupboards are bare I'll treat you to breakfast."
"Spending an awful lot of money on a guy you just met Easy."
"If I were worried I wouldn't be doing it. You're working it off right?" She winks at him eying his dick.
"Not my way being a kept man Easy."
"I'm not keeping you Gnarly Reese. I'm well aware of your desire to be a free man. I'm just here until you kick me out."
"Return the favor by evicting me?" He grins.
"I don't see that happening anytime soon. Concerning the furnishings? That extra $5,000 the bank gave me was hush money. The loan officer didn't want to lose his job."
"Should have shook him down for another 5."
"I felt like a prostitute as it was. Truth be told I only accept that money for your benefit. You needed things to start your life over properly. Just consider this my welcome to the neighborhood."
"I will pay you back. No arguments."
"Do I look like a fighter to you?"
"More a lover."
"Absolutely." She beguiles him with her pearly whites then reaches over to grip his dick. Pulling him toward her he follows. Down over her he nestles kissing her neck as she gently massages his beast back to performance level. Her other hand rolling fingers amid his long brown hair.
"Breakfast in bed it looks like."
He sensually made love to her for another thirty minutes. A shower together led to a torn shower curtain. Naomi would replace that as well. Once their hormones subsided they dried each other off and stepped from the tub. Listening to the silence for a moment he kisses her shoulder, her palm lingering his left cheek. She was very happy with this new tenant.
Suddenly they heard singing. Gnarly lifts his lips away squinting. Looking between each other they both realized the singing was just outside the door.
"That Isabella?" He starts to wrap his towel around his waist when the bathroom door is kicked open. Isabella his Colombian neighbor across the hall barged in dancing. She had her earplugs in attached to an iPod that was tucked into her boy shorts. Her only other clothing was a T-shirt tied up over her belly button. In her hands was a laundry basket.
"What in the world?" Naomi held her towel to her chest as Isabella danced about grabbing washcloths and stealing Gnarly's towel from his waist placing it in the basket. His dick wagging about is brushed up against as Isabella grinds up on him singing to Shakira's Hips Don't Lie. After a wink at Naomi she danced back out into the living room and his bed room. She gathered up every dirty article of clothing she could find. Before she could be stopped she marched out the front door and headed for the basement. Gnarly followed her to his door planting both hands on the threshold sides leering after the Colombian beauty.
"Well good morning to you too." He hears a voice to his right. It was Regina his African American neighbor doing pushups in the hallway. Not once did she lose her timing even as she winked at his wagging penis. With all this stimulation he was getting hard again.
"She stole my clothes." Gavin didn't shy off as he shook his head.
"That's Isabella. Compulsive as all get out. You should feel lucky she's in a good mood. Doing your laundry keeps her busy."
"She do yours?"
"Oh hell no. I'd knock her on her tight little Colombian ass."
Naomi in the meanwhile had gotten dressed and slipped in under Gnarly's arm. "I'll go talk to her about breaking and entering." Naomi then glances at Regina. "Good morning Reggie."
"Damn boy you move fast." Regina smirks exerting herself with military style pushups letting her hands leave the carpet and clap before going down again.
"Nice." He admired her aggressive strength.
"I could say the same. If you ever need a spotter lifting that bad boy you just come knock on ole Regina's door."
"Ain't that heavy." He chuckles stopping Naomi from being hard on Isabella, "Let her feel appreciated. I'll find something to wear for breakfast."
"You do realize she was wearing one of your concert shirts?"
"Damn! It did look familiar. Well at least I know that one won't get ruined."
"Who you kidding?" Regina hisses, "She's gonna toss that in the washer too. That girl will sit nude on that washer until it's done with the spin cycle."
"I'm liking this brownstone more and more." Gnarly salutes the ladies and leaves his door wide open as he goes to figure out his wardrobe. As he does Vicki Chow rolls her bicycle down the steps and past Regina and Naomi.
"Good morning." Vicki shyly whispers moving past Gnarly's door. A quick glance within she sees his bare butt and blushes. Hurrying away Regina just shakes her head. Naomi tried not to giggle. Vicki was the cutest. Following Vicki down Naomi went to change.
"We got ourselves an exhibitionist."
Finding a pair of jeans and a Harley Davidson T-shirt Isabella had missed he got dressed. No underwear to be had. Socks that didn't even match were pulled on. Luckily his boots hid the fact. From there he brushed his hair out and pulled his mane into a lengthy ponytail. Shades atop his head he grabbed his keys and locked up. Then it dawned on him looking at Regina.
"I'm sure I locked my door before we sacked up."
"Don't you mean shacked up? Ohhh! Gotcha. Better get used to it Gnarly Man. Isabella could rob a bank and nobody would notice anything but her ass. She's harmless. With no job she just gets bored. Can't live by bed alone. If you get my drift."
"Her cam shows?"
"That and her Man. Well...her so called Man. Once a week lover. Pays her bills though. Maybe I should find one of those."
"Right. She said she was a Mistress."
Naomi returns after changing into something nicer. A red dress with a belt around it, that flared out into ruffles in the skirt. It showed off her legs up past her knees. "Ready Mister Reese?" She admires his clothing choices. He points a finger at her nose making her blush.
"Don't be getting any ideas about buying me clothes. You've done enough."
"Hey I'm Easy." She winks then flutters her fingers at Regina. Gnarly scowls at the Fitness Instructor and intentionally flexed a noble bicep to show off his masculinity. Regina merely looked down avoiding the situation all together. Her count was at 120 pushups.
A ten minute drive in Naomi's sports car, a red 2007 Saturn Sky convertible with a black interior they pulled into an old fashioned diner that looked almost like fancy Airstream trailer but huge. Puckering at both the restaurant and Naomi's car he sets back in his seat.
"For an older model this thing rides good."
"Me or the car?" She lifts her sunglasses to wink.
"Both. But like I said you're not much older than I am."
"Let's hear you say that when my Mother visits."
"She holding up like you?"
"Watch it Gnarly Reese." She frowns then rolls her eyes, "The woman hasn't aged a bit since I was born. She even had a boob job when I was 12. Her lift blows mine away."
"Well now. That gets my motor running.'"
"You're a free man Gnarly. Just don't ask for a threesome." She giggles.
"Ruined a perfectly good fantasy Easy."
"Come on. This is where Beth works by the way."
"Upstairs Beth? Ahh hell."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"Nothin'. Just met her and Sam up on the roof tanning."
"Nude again?"
"Not that time. I figured they were the type."
"Samantha more than Beth but one rubs off on the other at times."
"You know there's a couple guys watching your roof with a telescope?"
"Oh really? Do I need to dial 911?"
"Naww! They're old enough to know better but dumb enough not to care. The sisters antagonize it."
"Wonderful."
"Let them have their fun."
"Fine. You do realize I sunbathe up there too."
"They watch you?"
"Come to think of it no. Now I'm offended."
"Belly's growling. Biscuits and gravy?"
"Too fattening. One egg and a piece of toast for me. I need to keep my figure."
"Your figure is certainly worth keeping."
"I know."
She opens her door and exits before he does. He being taller was more cramped in his seat. His door opened by her assistance he manages his escape.
"First time a gal has opened my door."
"Don't get too used to it."
"No plan on it." He slaps her on the bottom as she moves to shut the door. She squeals and flutters her skirt up showing her barely hidden bottom. She wasn't wearing panties. Somehow he knew she would abandon those around him. He darted in front of her and returned the favor of opening the diner door. She grinned sheepishly and led the way.
"Palooka's. Interesting name for a diner." He looks around to see photos of Boxers. "I was just gonna say I feel like this should be where Apollo Creed and Balboa should be hanging out."
"Eddie Karosha owns this place. He used to train boxers uptown until he decided cooking was more his speed."
"No good at boxing?"
"Only the leftovers." They hear behind them as neighbor Beth greeted them in her Waitress uniform. Her dreamy big brown eyes caught Gnarly instantly. Blond locks shorter than her sister Samantha but definitely beautiful. Cleavage bulging beneath a low cut dress.
"Missed you at our tanning meet yesterday. I was called in to work."
"I heard that. Sam apologized for you."
"Can we have that booth over there?" Naomi points to one that anyone entering could see the people sitting from the side.
"That's my booth. Sure you can. You look nice Naomi. New dress?"
"No. Just rarely get dressed up."
"That's not true. I've seen you dressed up lots of times."
"When I'm showing apartments or dealing with finances."
"Afraid to wear sweats to the Bank?" Gnarly chuckles.
"I do like to appear business like when dealing with people directly."
Waiting on Naomi to sit down he eyes her legs as she slides through. She intentionally fans her legs wide giving him a peek at her pussy. He enjoyed it. As did a pair of guys off to the left of their table. They looked to be construction workers by their attire. She certainly caught their eyes.
"Off to a good start Easy."
"He calls you Easy? How cute." Beth brightened up then leans to whisper at Naomi, "They've been flirting with me the last fifteen minutes. I hope they tip good."
"You have the legs and the cleavage going on. No reason not to get a tip." Gnarly winks.
"It helps, but guys seem to always expect more. Sitting on a lap kind of thing."
"Anything wrong with that?" He shrugged smirking.
"No." Beth stuck her tongue out at him. "Here's your menu."
"You on it?"
Beth blushes looking at Naomi. "They asked the same thing."
"Don't look at me." Naomi sheepishly grinned, "I'm on a diet."
"Anything to drink while you look over the menu?"
"Unsweetened tea for me." Naomi didn't bother to look at the menu.
"Tall OJ. Not the football player."
"Got it. Be right back." Beth wiggles away passing her construction workers who raised a glass for a refill. She quickly grabbed the man's glass and took time to fill everyone at once. Returning to him with a coke she hands it down. As she turns he reaches over and pinches her ass. She nearly spilled Gnarly and Naomi's drinks. Offering a smiling blush Beth dropped her drinks at the right table.
"The older guy just pinched my butt."
"Oh yeah?" Gnarly raised his OJ toward the man with a friendly nod. A returned nod the man continued eating. "Let me borrow your pen." Beth passes her pen and holds her order pad as if he needed paper too. Clicking her ballpoint he makes a whirling motion with his hand. She didn't comprehend at first but caught on turning her back to him. He then hiked the back of her skirt up with all eyes watching. Boldly he wrote the words, "BIG TIPS ONLY." on her left ass cheek. With a snap of her thong band making her jump, he hands her pen back.
"What did you write?"
"What every good looking waitress needs if they wanna reel in the cash."
"Oh my God!" Beth looks at Naomi, "Did he just really write on my ass?"
"Last will and testicle." Naomi jests sipping her tea. Taking their order Beth still slightly flustered noted not just the construction boys but another table of four elder men grinning from ear to ear. They were all curious as to what Gnarly scribbled. Refilling coffee at said table one of the 50 somethings had to ask.
"What did that guy over there write on you?"
"He lives in my brownstone. Hopefully his phone number." She giggled. Fidgeting slightly she turned and dared to show him her ass cheek. "Was I right?"
"No. Not a number." He laughed. "Might do well to write your own number on the other cheek."
"Why would I want to write my own number on it?"
"Set your rates Sweetheart. Here give me your pen." She hesitantly cooperated as the old man lightly touched her hip encouraging her to turn. He then lifts her skirt above her opposite cheek and jots down 50%. Once done his friends approve and start delving at their wallets. "Got our check Sweetheart?"
"I do. All on your bill correct?"
"Yep. I got the check they got the tips." He winks at his buddies. He whips out a $100.00 and each of the other men tossed a $20 on top of it.
"Lil over the percentage rate but well worth it Sweetheart."
"Wow! Your bill was only $64.00."
"Keep the change Beautiful."
"Are you sure? The tips are more than the meal." She gathered the money with an expression of awe. Returning to Gnarly and Naomi she fluttered her cash. "That was insane. $126.00 tip."
"Guess that makes you a darn good waitress." Gavin winks.
"What did you write? What did they write?"
Gnarly lifts her skirt again showing off her entire butt. She nearly pissed in a restaurant full of folks, the other two waitresses oblivious to Gnarly's hijinks. The construction boys eyed her butt while chewing their food. Even with their mouths full they dropped their jaws. Rubbing Beth's bottom Gavin finally drops the skirt.
"New menu item is all."
"Oh my God. Gnarly tell me." He shook his head forcing her to turn to Naomi lifting the skirt. Peering over her shoulder she begged, "Tell me."
"I'm staying out of it." Naomi shakes her head.
Hearing the Chef ping a bell Beth scowled and retreated. As she does Naomi smiles devilishly at Gavin. Kicking off her shoes she lifts her right foot up and rubs her toes along Gavin's crotch. Feeling her boldness he looks down at her teasing foot.
"I knew you should have ordered the link sausage."
"Love it when we link up like this."
"You just keep that on up. You'll be getting the bigger tips in this burg."
"Only if it's yours. I've had enough unexpected sausages this week."
"About that. I do need to open a checking account still. Your bank far off?"
"Ten minutes away. This is Saturday so they're only open until noon."
"I have two hours if we eat fast. Mind dropping me by there before we head home?"
"Sure."
As Beth returns with biscuits and gravy, and a single egg with toast she sets them up.
"Here we go. You're still not going to tell me what you wrote are you?"
"Nope. But, it's getting the job done." Gnarly winks.
"I can't keep showing my butt off though, I'll get fired."
"Be careful about it."
"I'm off at 1:00. Rooftop sunbathing?"
"I'll be sanding some cabinet doors. Might drop up and say hey though."
"Awesome. I'll let you two eat."
Turning away she notes her construction boys waving for their check. Plucking it from the tablet in her apron pocket she passes it off to the elder of the two. She then collects dirty dishes. As she does the man with the check doesn't bother to ask her permission and lifts her skirt. Eyes bulging she turns her back to him to let him see her entire heartshaped bottom with a black thong string between her crack.
"Let's see here. Check is $35.00." The man calculates in his head giving his buddy a good look at her bottom before releasing her skirt. "I guess that means your tip is $32.50. Pony up a twenty Jim. I got a twenty too." She shivers at the extra cash building up. Suddenly she didn't care what was written on her backside. Both men take the time to pinch each of her cheeks. She let it happen. She was up $166.00. Too bad she had to split it with the other waitresses. Or did she? Beth would be sly. Not one person who knew of her writing bothered to mention the tiny arrow drawn toward her anal cavity. Big Tips Only indeed.
At Gnarly and Naomi's table all eyes were now on Naomi's massaging foot. Women in the restaurant were taking note and grinning. Lucky bitch was muttered numerous times. Gnarly was a hot commodity. He knew it but did his best to restrain his ego.
As Naomi finished her food she dabbed the corners of her mouth trying not to ruin her lipstick. As Gnarly polished off his biscuits and gravy he did the same then snatched up Naomi's foot making her yelp. Tickling her foot she busted out with an infectious array of giggles. Dragging her toward him a bit more her own skirt rode high. Half her hip slipped into view and everyone enjoyed her. She tried to hold her skirt but he just smirked and shook his head at her. She flared her eyes knowing that her bare bottom was now sticking to the seat of the booth.
"Gnarly stop." She whispered.
"Nope. That's what you get when you roll over a toll booth without exact change."
"My...everything is showing." She turns as red as her dress rides up near her waistline.
"Anyone here think this gal needs to be on any diet? Look at that firm belly." He gets the attention of everyone. Nobody not even the waitresses complained at seeing so much of Naomi's skin. With a hand between her thighs at least no one got a clear view of her divine pussy. Humiliated but trying hard not to laugh Naomi points directly at Gavin.
"I SWEAR I'M GOING TO PEE GNARLY. STOP TICKLING."
Releasing her she pulls herself together and hides her face in her hands. Gnarly slides out of the booth and reaches to his back pocket for his wallet. Peeling out $40 he leaves it on the table. Moving past Beth he stops to inform her.
"I'll give you my tip around 2:00. Rooftop?"
"Okay." She brightens up fanning herself with a menu.
Ok, ego struck a chord. He was a hard rocker after all. Naomi left her own tip and swiftly marched past everyone. Ignoring the applause. Meeting Gnarly at her car he leaned on the passenger door chewing on a toothpick.
"Better go pee."
Fuming at his attitude she paces about in front of him wanting to lash out. She couldn't. Instead she stops cold and stares at him. Without a word she tosses her purse into the car and cops a squat. Hiking her skirt she pissed right there in the parking lot in front of him. Impressed he whipped his dick out and pissed right between her legs. Her jaw dropped. She hadn't anticipated that he might go that far. She thought she was showing off for him her boldness. He matched her every move.
"You drive." She pushed him out of the way and got in on the passenger side. Nodding he made his way around to the drivers side and pushed the seat back. Climbing in he fastened his seat belt. She looked toward the diner as people were staring out the window. They had seen the whole thing. Blown away she huffed. "On second thought I'll drive." In a brash move she leans over and unzips his fly and pulls his monster out. Once reaching for the sky she throws herself over his lap and rides him right there in front of everyone. His dick destroying her senses without any effort on his part. He merely kicked back and enjoyed the show.
Her back against the steering wheel set off the horn twice gathering attention. In mere minutes Naomi Carpenter had her orgasm. Gnarly kissed her hard then winks.
"Ain't we on Banker's hours?"
"Shit! What are you doing to me Gavin Reese?"
"I don't think I did anything." He chuckles, "You looked pretty in charge of things there."
"Drive. Before the cops get called." She falls back into her seat. Looking up laughing she saw people waving at her from the diner. Everyone loved a good show. Especially Beth. Her turn was just around the corner.
Gavin Reese started the engine and followed directions to the bank. Still rock hard. He hadn't had time to fire off. His time was coming. Literally.
Reaching the bank Gnarly parked at a meter directly across the street. Naomi opted to wait in the car to cool off over her hormonal escapades. Gnarly dodged traffic as he sprinted inside knowing his time was running out. Entering he located the new accounts area and was greeted at the counter by a lovely thirty something brunette with shorter hair and sparkling green eyes. Her curves were decent with a bit extra in the hips and bottom. Still extremely attractive. She had a cute tattoo of a circle of fire right over her heart the size of a silver dollar.
"Hi. I'm Joanie. How can I help you?"
"Morning Joanie." He eyes her tattoo beneath the cleavage of her black dress. She blushes slightly and catches on to his glance.
"My last name is Cash."
"Joanie Cash? Nice." He smirks. "Burning ring of fire?"
"Absolutely. What can I do for you today?"
"I need to switch my checking and savings over. Just moved here from Iowa. Been using cashiers checks and a debit card. Need to make things easier."
"We can do that." She locates the proper forms and he begins filling them out. She stares at him for long moments before daring to ask. "Single Mister Reese?"
"You reading over my shoulder?" He winks at her, "Yeah! Asking me out?"
She flares her eyes, "Would that even be an option?"
"I'll think on it while I'm moving money."
"Nothing like a man with money." As she flirts another girl sneaks up behind her sharing a quiet smile. This girl was short sweet and petite. A blond with a deep tan wearing a goldenrod colored dress with boasting cleavage. Easily a boob job. Those were the real moneymakers. Her melons were stripper quality. Safe to say they got her the job. He hears her whispering but focuses on his paperwork. Then he hears Joanie's return whisper. "You're so bad Edith."
"Edith?" Gnarly hesitates to look up at the blond, "Old fashioned name for a younger gal ain't it?"
"Edith Mooney but I go by Edie. Blame my parents." She extends a hand over the counter offering a brilliant smile and a distinct amount of extra cleavage. Those melons were glossy ripe.
Pausing Gnarly cocks an eye brow, "So I'm in the presence of Joanie Cash and Edie Money. Two tickets to paradise." He follows his flirting with a wink.
Shyly Edie lifts her boobs, "That would be these."
"And those?" He points his pen at Joanie's breasts.
"Oh my Lord. Don't make me faint Mister Reese." Joanie fans herself.
"Can't be having that. I need my money."
"I'm right here." Edie shivers, "Ka-ching!"
Nodding with an impressed pucker he finishes his paperwork. "Even signed my John Handcock."
Both girls notice him lightly stroking the pen. Eyes meet between women and more fanning begins. "I'll need two things to prove your identity." Joanie adds.
"Drivers License and Social?"
"New address?"
"Why? You two dropping by?"
"We can." Edie jumps at the possibility. Joanie merely dropped her jaw blushing.
"So you're saying I can be rolling in dough?"
"You are so gorgeous." Edie trembles nibbling her own pen before suckling on it like a straw.
"Take Me Home Tonight." He sings with a horrible but amusing tone.
"I'm Shakin'." Edie boldly shakes her jiggling tits mimicking Eddie Money's song Shakin'. A nice dance for silicone.
"Your turn." He winks at Joanie. She shivers and awkwardly shakes her boobs as well. He chuckles, "Nice. I meant a song reference."
"Oh." She ponders to breath then risks singing the chorus of Johnny Cash's song, I Won't Back Down. It was the only one she could think of at the time.
"Good. Backing down on what you want is losing everything you hope to gain."
"A philosopher." Joanie swallows dryly.
"I don't actually have my mail transferred over yet. My landlady's just outside. She banks here. Naomi Carpenter. She can attest that I just moved into her brownstone. Best I can do right this second."
"I know Naomi." Edie confesses. "She was here recently."
"Right. Signing papers with her ex Vincent I think his name was."
"I think we can let this slide Joanie." Edie looked hopeful. Joanie hesitates then caves. Stepping away to do the necessary transfers Edie steps around the counter and joins Gnarly as he leans on the ledge. Eying her waltz toward him he whistles under his breath as long bronze muscular legs dance toward him. Her chest bobbing like a runway model. Alluring eyes glue toward his. All that was needed was a wind machine to toss her blond hair about.
"Care to have a seat? It will take Joanie a few minutes." The bank wasn't all that busy anyway. She motions him to a comfy sofa that the bank offered to it's customers out of courtesy. He nods and moves behind her watching her supremely tight heart shaped ass shift from side to side. Plopping down in the center of the black suede sofa he looks up at her.
"Lap dance?" He chuckles, "I'm liking this bank more and more."
"I wish I could." She beams eying his crotch, "Cameras I'm afraid." She merely stands over him and continues being friendly. "So what brings you to Chicago?"
"Job opportunity is better here. So is the music scene. I play guitar."
"Definitely not Country. Rock and Roll I bet."
"Metal and 80's stuff mostly."
"I love rocking out. Dancing even more." She grits her teeth tempted to put her hands in her hair and dance for him. She found him beyond gorgeous.
"I bet you got plenty of moves."
"You have no idea, Gavin was it?"
"You were looking at my paperwork too." He chuckles, "You cheat on tests back in school?"
"Always."
"Call me Gnarly."
"Just call me." She expresses leaning over him to share cleavage that led to her belly. He shakes his head briefly.
"Might need a number to do that." Before she can offer it his cell rings with the ringtone of Guns n Roses, Mr. Brownstone. Fitting now that he lived in one. "Gimme a sex...sec."
He winks, "It's Naomi."
She turns her back to him looking for Joanie but hovers listening to his talk. She intentionally bent over to touch a potted tree removing a candy wrapper from it. Her ass was fucking dreamy. The hem of her dress higher than he imagined was allowed.
"Sup Naomi?" He listens but admires Edie.
"Put me on speaker." Naomi giggles.
"You playin'?"
"Not yet. You will be though. You owe me Gavin Reese."
"Awww hell. Turnabout is fair play huh?"
"That it is."
"Gimme a few more minutes. Waiting on Joanie to finish my transfer of funds and get me a few temporary checks."
"Speaker. NOW!" She growls.
"I hear ya." He opens the speaker up. "You're on Landlady."
"How does it feel having someone else in charge of your hands Gnarly Reese?"
Edie peaks an eye brow hearing Naomi. Turning to face Gavin Edie grins with curiosity. He chuckles at her gaze. "Do your worst Easy."
"Oh my worse is still better than the best. Are people listening?"
"Yup. Edie Money is right here beside me." Edie loved his nickname of her even if it really was Mooney.
"Hello Edie."
"Hi Naomi. How are you today?"
"Ohhh, just lounging in my convertible outside. My feet on the dash."
"She's wearing a short dress. About as short as yours. Little shorter maybe."
"Oh really?" Edie almost laughs but remains proper.
"The sun feels lovely on my legs. My very sexy legs." Naomi invites imagination.
"Yup. Very sexy legs. Kinda like yours Edie."
Edie exhales a bit of adrenalin while flaring her eyes. Where was this going? All the way she hoped. Then it occurred to her again about the cameras. She knew that they also recorded voices but they would barely be audible.
"Edie?" Naomi called out.
"Right here."
"Can you show Mister Reese to the ladies room please?"
"I got time for this Easy? Getting near closing time."
Edie eyes a large clock on the wall. They had barely over an hour. She knew Joanie would be back soon with his finished paperwork. More signatures required. Still her thoughts on this gave her the chills. Good ones at that.
"I can do that. Follow me Gnarly."
"Gladly." He stands tall and carries his cell along with him. Every step made Edie more sexy than the last. At the Ladies room entrance which was right next to the Men's Edie stops then realizes Naomi said Ladies room. Swiveling on her heel she offers a confused expression.
"Don't you mean the Men's room?"
"No. You heard correctly. Trust me on this Edie. Oh, and Gavin?"
"Yeah?"
"Is Edie as beautiful as I recall?"
Brows lifted he nods with a pucker, "Drop dead gorgeous."
As if Edie Mooney wasn't wet enough that just made her thong soggy. Smiling from ear to ear her hand rises to tease the ends of her long blond hair as if a school girl.
"Why don't you go on into the Ladies Room and find a cozy stall just like I did in the Men's Room." Her admission instantly found regret. Now Edie knew of she there in the banks Men's Room. She needed to be more careful.
"Going in now." He winks once more at Edie then vanishes. Leaving her behind Gnarly stops to shake his head at the fem friendly bathroom. He did know a few others were working in the offices but only Joanie and Edie were on floor level. Whispering a bit he clocks Naomi. "Better watch your words Easy. That extra cash won't be hush money if you don't hush."
"Are you alone?"
"Looks it."
"I know. I caught myself ight after I said it. I'll be more careful. Are you enjoying yourself? I know Edie is very attractive."
"That she is."
"Would you fuck her?"
"You gotta ask?"
"Yes. Tell me."
"In a hot minute."
"Would you like to invite her into your stall?"
"If I go back out there Joanie is gonna be waiting."
"Joanie? Yes I recall her now. She's rather cute too."
"Curvy but worthy."
"You have such a way with words Gavin Reese. Into your stall Young Man."
He moves to a stall and sits his cell on a toilet paper dispenser. Unzipping his pants he drags them to his knees. No boxers to follow he sits down on a toilet seat. Erection mighty he begins stroking it.
"I heard the zipper going down. Are you fondling that Stratocaster, Guitar Man?"
"That I am."
"Are you picturing Edie in front of you?"
"Picturing you with your legs on the dashboard. Why don't you move one leg out over the car door."
"I can do that."
"Nice and wide?"
"Very wide. You can see right up my skirt."
"Anybody walking around you?"
"I am at a parking meter across from the bank. On a busy street. You tell me."
"Touching yourself?"
"Ever since you first walked into the bank."
"Any guys take interest?"
"A few. Now more than before thanks to my leg out the door. Oh, this should prove interesting."
"What?"
"A meter man. Writing tickets for expired meters."
"Meter man? Ain't that supposed to be Meter maid?"
"Not today. You forgot to put money in the meter by the way."
"Awww hell. Better hop out before he gives you a ticket."
"I'd rather see if I can avoid a ticket by staying right here touching my very sensitive clitoris."
"Daaaamn! That made my boy turn purple."
He hears the restroom door open with a whispered, "Your papers are ready Mr. Reese."
"That you Joanie?" He chuckles.
"Yes." She giggles.
"Ask her to let you sign anything else there in your stall." Naomi sighed, "He's three meters ahead of me coming this way. Should I put my legs down Gnarly?"
"Wider Easy."
She giggles, "Let me put my seat back a bit more." She does and deliberately lifts her skirt out from under her butt for a more vibrant view of her entire lower half. "My skirts up to my waist."
"Hey Joanie? Still with me?"
"Yes." She sighs nibbling her lip.
"Bring me those papers?"
"Give me a second. This is very exciting."
"Sure is. Hurry back good looking."
"You really think so?" She shivers and hurries to her counter where Edie stood watch. Before heading back Joanie drops her jaw. "I'm going all the way in."
"Hurry up I want to see too." Edie already had her name and address ready to pass over once he gave her the time.
Looking toward every office she could see people in Joanie felt confident about going in with her pen and clipboard of papers. Once inside she shakes like a leaf shyly stepping toward Gnarly's opened stall. Peering around the frame she bulged her eyes. "Whoa! You really are jacking off."
"Is that Joanie?" Naomi asked.
"Eyes wide at Clyde." He chuckles.
"You named your penis Clyde?" Joanie giggled and nibbled her lower lip watching his hand thrusting back and forth. His crown was massive and so purple it made her stare.
"Sure."
"Hi Joanie. Hand him his papers. I think he has one free hand to sign his name on the dotted line."
Astonished by the speaker phone sex she looks once toward the main door then steps in front of him. He accepts the paper and the pen but removes his hand from his monster cock.
"Mind helping me while I sign these?"
"You want me to..." He grabs her trembling hand and guides Joanie's fingers around his beast. She could feel his pulse throbbing hard. "Oh my God! I can't believe I'm doing this. He's fucking huge."
Gnarly stretches backward giving her room to jerk him off. He takes his time reading before signing. She was happy he was reading slowly.
"Meter Man is one car away. This should be good. Either I get arrested or free parking for life." Naomi giggles shivering at the risk. She now had two fingers up inside her dipping in and out. Gavin could hear her succulent sloshing. Her cell right beside her thigh.
"You can jerk a little faster Miss Cash. I can still write nice and neat."
"Both hands?"
"Go for it."
She does so marveling at his girth. As he wrote his name and initialed beside already marked check marks he felt a tongue flick his urethra. Lifting the papers he saw her eyes doe like as if caught in headlights. Gnarly winked and finished his papers. Just as he lowered them again Naomi broke the silence.
"Your meter's expired Ma'am." A man's voice coughed up, "If you have a quarter I'll feed it so I don't have to write up a citation."
"Here somewhere." She continually probes not only her pussy, but searches for a quarter in a cup holder. With her seat back that required stretching. With her legs widely parted that became a challenge. "Could you help me? I'm a bit tangled up."
"Uhhh! Sure." The Man knew something was up but he played coy and marched right over to her car door. Looking down at her thighs he smiles and rubs the back of his neck. "That's something."
"I think there's a quarter in my cupholder. Do you see one?"
He glares over Naomi and notices two quarters amid other congested change. "Yup I see two."
"Fingers inside me?" She dares to whimper.
"Those too." He chuckles.
Gnarly listening intently grins at Joanie who hovered her lips over his crown awaiting permission. A nod given Joanie swallowed his beast in a feverish hunger. He sat back admiring her work. "Still with me Easy?" He chuckles awaiting confirmation.
"Yes." She huffs at his voice. The Man grinned and put two and two together. Mouthing the words, "Phone sex?" She nods with a sheepish grin. She in turn mouths, "Play along?" He looks up and down the street and nods back. Naomi becomes more vocal now, "How's the paper signing?"
"Almost done. Joanie's showing me how to dot the I's." She was indeed. One very Big I. "Meter guy still there?"
"Yes. He's standing right next to my door. I could stretch my toes and touch his arm."
"You like that pussy?"
The Meter man chuckles, "Damn fine. You're a lucky man whoever you are."
"Hey Easy?"
"Yes." She trembles.
"Your hand getting tired?"
"Very tired." She flared her eyes knowing what was going to be said.
"Mind helping her out Buddy?"
"Oh fuck yeah." The Man eagerly leans into her car and watches Naomi remove her messy fingers in a milky white web stew. His own fingers rubs her labia nice and glossy. She whimpers as she observes him insert two very large fingers up inside her. "I'm in."
"Fuck!" Naomi gasps as he finger fucks her more aggressively than she herself had. "Don't you dare stop."
Gnarly concurred, "How many fingers in her?"
"Two. I have big fingers." The Man offers up looking both directions again. Cars passing by barely looked. It was erotically daring for both of them.
"Add a third finger."
Naomi tenses up as her hole is stuffed, "Holy shit."
"She likes three."
"Funny you say that. Joanie here likes seven. Her face is turning blue."
"Joanie is sucking you off?" Naomi whimpers.
"Sure is. Doing a damn fine job too." Gavin caresses her cheek making her coo.
"Should we call this a Bankjob?" She giggles.
Gavin mulls it over, "Bankshot here in a few."
Joanie really wanted to taste his cum. As her hunger increased they heard the restroom door open. In marched Edie with a small iPod and speaker. She chose a song called Porn Star Dancing by My Darkest Days. Sitting it on a sink Edie strutted over in front of the stall making a dramatic entrance. Hands in her hair she danced to the music and proved just how sexy she was. watching Gnarly get a blowjob made her yearn to join in. For now she chose to drive him crazy. It was working.
"I hear music." Naomi moaned.
"Edie's dancing for me."
"Is she taking her clothing off?"
"Not yet. Are you?"
"You want me to take my dress off on a busy street?" Naomi bulged her eyes.
"Only fair if Edie here risks getting caught naked. I'm thinking Edie likes the idea of stripping that dress off."
Edie flares her baby blues and touches her chest swirling fingertips around her nipples. Risking her job Edie Mooney couldn't disobey her desires. Hands to her hemline she guides her dress up over the most succulent smooth golden flesh Gavin had ever seen. Over her head the dress flew. She danced more seductively in her lacy black bra and G-string. Shaking her breasts he reaches behind her and unleashes her 40C's of silicone greatness. Her nipples tiny and deadly. Another round of dancing her fingers slip down beneath her thong straps and drags them low. Leaving her thong on but bordering her pussy she let him know how silky smooth her lower regions were.
"Damn! Edie has a smoking hot body. Joanie's lips are rocking with the band. Gonna cum soon Easy. How about you?"
As he awaits Naomi's reply Edie runs fingers down her thong to rub her clit then dip a finger inside her pussy. Showing off her wetness she teases Gnarly by stretching over Joanie and putting her finger to his lips. He licks her fingertips. Edie withdrew her hand and continued her dancing. Turning her back to him she bent over and slowly guided her thong to her heels. Edie Mooney was naked. Her heart shaped ass begged to be spanked. Her clam tight and shiny. Yep Gavin was ready to blow.
"Oh my God!" Naomi draws him back to her, "I can't believe I took my dress off. That wasn't easy in my reclined position."
"Like those big titties?"
The Meter man growls, "Squeezing one now. Your girl here is really wet."
"Fuck her pussy harder."
At his command the Meter man rammed his three digits deep until Naomi lost her mind. Gnarly and his girls could hear her rambling, "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! That feeeeeels so fucking good. Don't stop." Her voice shares rapid breathing and joyful squeals of pure pleasure.
Gnarly couldn't resist any further and floods Joanie's mouth with scalding hot lava. She whimpered at her overrunning lips. She didn't want to lose any of his cum. Jealous Edie grabs both sides of the stall with a starvation gaze. Pulling her lips away Joanie showed off her tongue coated with creamy goodness. In a shocking move Edie reaches around Joanie and tilts her head back. Moving in she licks the cum right off of Joanie's own tongue. That led to sharing a lingering kiss that gave each girl enough to satisfy them.
Seeing this Gavin encouraged Joanie to get up. Nudging Edie back she offered an expression of poutiness. Helping Joanie to her feet Gavin kissed her showing his appreciation. Guiding them from the stall Gavin stormed Edie picking her up with a shrill squeal of surprise. Planting her back against the wall Gavin penetrated her pussy and destroyed the blond beauty. Joanie lifted her own skirt watching and ran fingers beneath her panties and fingered herself. Noting her activity Gnarly reached out and slid his hand in on top of hers. He whispers, "Take me along for the ride."
Moaning loudly both girls voices overtook the volume of the iPod. Joanie gushed all around Gnarly's knuckles. Removing his fingers he planted them directly into Edie's mouth for her to suck on. In seconds Edie Mooney squirted all over his cock and balls. With his cleaner hand he reaches down and gets his fingers soaked before reaching over coaxing Joanie to do the same. Joanie greedily fed on his fingers tasting Edie's juices.
"Closing time yet?" He sighs not wanting to leave Edie. This little bitch was screaming hot and he wanted more.
Joanie quickly pulled herself together and obtained his paperwork from the tile they had toppled to. Easing out of the restroom cautiously Joanie set about getting ready to close up.
In the bathroom Gnarly fucked Edie longer. She melted into a compressed hug whispering, "God I want more."
"Oh we're fucking again. Get me that number before I leave."
"I can't wait. Come stay a weekend with me. Fuck me every second of that."
He thrusts harder then tenses up to cum again himself. She digs her nails into his Harley shirt and begs, "Cum inside me." He fired and blew her mind. Exhausted he pulls out letting she kneel and suck him off. In a warm welcome of her cheeks she caresses his cock along her face. Licking and kissing his balls without lifting his penis. This was one amazing lady.
"Better get dressed. Don't lose your job."
Pouting she knew he was right. She claimed her clothing and ducked into a stall to get dressed. Gavin pulled his pants up and obtained his cell. Hearing nothing but moans and guttural grunts he winced. "You fucking him Easy?"
"Seats all the way back. I can't believe I'm doing this Gnarly. What have you done to me?"
"Only get crazier Easy." He grabs Edie and drags her into a steamy kiss. Edie loved it. Hearing Naomi have a screaming orgasm doesn't even break their kiss. Suddenly, his phone rings forcing him to look at the number. Edie slips away fanning at her breathlessness. Escaping unscathed with her iPod she hurried to help Joanie.
"Pinky Floyd's?" He doesn't answer it. Moving out of the restroom he takes Naomi off speaker but continues listening. They were still going to town. Rejoining Edie and Joanie at the counter Joanie Cash hands him temporary checks and fills him in on a future debit card and a number to call concerning setting up a PIN number. Edie slides her number toward him with a hint of missing him already. He claims it and chuckles, "You passing me a This is a Robbery note?"
"Only if it steals your heart."
Joanie fidgets at hearing them and starts to shyly slip away when Gavin growls, "Your number too."
Eyes bulging Joanie returns slowly and jots down her number. "Are you really going to call me?"
"Oh this isn't over. Threesome here soon. In a safer environment. Thank ya Ladies. Dial you soon."
Watching Gavin leave was difficult. Both women sighed and hugged each others hip. "We kissed." Joanie broke the moment.
Edie giggled holding a palm to her chest. "So weird. I think I liked it."
Leaving the bank with cell to his ear he notes a gathering around Naomi's car. Haunted that maybe the moaning in his ear meant more than the Meter guy he bolted through oncoming traffic until he could see into the car. Naomi was still being pounded by a pants less Meter man. He was blindly tearing her up. Naomi's eyes were rolled back into her head as seven onlookers enjoyed the show. One walking his dog. It had pissed on her rear tire.
Opening the drivers side door Gavin pats the Meter man on the shoulder. Reaching into the cupholder he raises two quarters. The Man tilts his gaze still keeping an awkward rhythm.
"We need to get going."
"Fuck you Gnarly." She whimpers loudly, "Not until he cums inside me."
Scratching behind his ear he looks up at the gathering. Another curious observer opted to examine the scene. Naomi's legs were kicking about clipping Gnarly's arm. Sitting there Gnarly turned on the radio. Hearing of all songs the exact same one Edie played. Smirking he kicked back his own seat leveling with Naomi. Sunglasses lowered he grins.
Naomi swatted his chest digging her nails into him. She nearly ripped his shirt.
Squealing again she feels the Meter man tensing up. Two more long minutes he fed the meter maid. After a lengthy appreciation kiss the Man peeled away realizing the group hovering.
"HEY! Can't a guy fuck a beautiful woman in broad daylight in peace?" The gathering chuckled and left them alone. Naomi raises her hand in the air waving at whomever saw her goodbyes. Careful to pull his pants up from his knees the Man reached over and patted Gnarly's arm.
"Keep the quarters. It's on me."
As he took off to finish his rounds Gnarly started the car. Naomi remained reclined breathing heavily.
"You are going to be the death of me Gnarly Reese."
"I've heard you say that before. This car have a trunk?"
"Yes. Why?"
He snatches up her dress and bra and pops the trunk from the inside. Hopping out he tosses her clothes into the trunk slamming it.
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"
"Killing you slowly." He winks and starts the car. Before looking into the mirrors to leave he plants her hand back to her pussy. "Song's not over. Dance Porn Star." She fingered herself all the way home. It definitely wasn't her darkest day.
Gavin Reese had cabinets to sand and a tip to leave. His work was never done.
He would call Pinky from home.
If she answered.