My name is Sally, and I am a 35 year old wife who loves life in the woods, and my husband and I have a life built around the wilderness. We have a business of white water rafting and we take customers on the river in the wilds of Idaho. One year my husband and I decided to build a remote cabin along the river, but far back in the wilderness whereby the only access to the cabin was a 2 hour jet boat ride upstream to get to the cabin. We had a crew of eight men working on the cabin, and I was the only woman on the build site, which the men were all working for the past two months. The men were all such nice guys and I was so thankful they had worked so hard in building our cabin.
One afternoon after the crew had worked all day to finally get the building dried in, I felt so sorry for them working so hard and being away from home for so long. I was also feeling very horny from being in the woods with the guys working so hard, and I had not been able to have any sexual release in the past two months with all the work ongoing.
After the crew had finally finished for the day, my husband looked up at me and said out loud that I should give everyone a treat for the hard work and go topless for all to see. I, of course was already very horny before this sexual request, and now I was actually thinking about this suggestion and giving all of the guys a bit of a strip show. I was getting wet, and I actually had to reach down and rub my pussy just a bit on the outside of my jeans because I was so turned on with the thought of showing off to all those men while we were all alone in the woods. So I started rubbing my crotch on the outside of my jeans while no one was watching, and it felt so good. I had to moan quietly just from the touch of my own hand on my pussy.
The more I thought about stripping for the guys, the hornier I got. My pussy was getting so very wet now. I finally decided, what the hell, I might as well give the guys a treat for working so hard over the past couple of months. I yelled down to my husband to gather the guys and that I would give them a treat. So he called all the guys to come over for a bit of a show. They guys all gathered on the lower deck, and I was above them all looking down at the crowd of guys. I started to speak to thank them all for the hard work on my new cabin, and I told them I wanted to do something special for all them since they had all been away from home for a couple of months now.
I started to unbutton my blouse, and as I started to unbutton the blouse some of the guys realized what was happening and a few sexy whistles and cheering could be heard echoing through the woods. As I kept unbuttoning my blouse, and I was not wearing a bra today, I could feel my nipples getting so hard with the excitement of what I was doing, and I knew that every guy had to be getting a hard on just with the sight of what I was doing for them all.
As I continued to unbutton my blouse, I was now showing more and more cleavage. They guys were clearly getting more excited at the thoughts that I might actually take my top off and show them my tits. I was so horny now, and my pussy was so wet, and I stopped unbuttoning just for a second to feel myself up and caress my right breast, I would squeeze my breast and then slightly pinch my nipple, from the outside of my blouse, all while the guys were watching quietly now with amazement. I just had to moan with the touch of my hand, and then I even reached down and caressed my pussy on the outside of my jeans, and then I heard several of the guys moan from the audience watching me touch myself. I realized that I had everyone turned on now, and that got me going even more.
I decided to go further and I continued to unbutton my blouse even further. I could not stop now without showing the guys more, and I was so turned on with the action that I did not want to stop. So I unbuttoned by blouse all the way to the bottom, and now my full cleavage was to bear all the way down to my navel. The guys were so turned on, but they were all silent with the tension of the moment, and I could even see a couple of the guys grabbing their crotches to rub their hard cocks on the outside of their jeans.
Next I started to run my hands up the inside of my blouse, and up my stomach, and then to finally reach and caress my tits under my blouse. The guys were all so quiet as the sexual tension was so high as I continued to caress my breasts, and I knew they wanted more. So I started to remove my blouse and let my tits come into view of everyone. I could hear several of the guys moan at the sight of my breasts with my hard nipples poking into the fresh mountain air. With my blouse now fully off, I reached up and continued to caress my breasts and pinch my nipples, and it felt so good to show off to all the guys.
I heard some of the guys say, "keep going, please", and that continued to turn me on and made me want to take this even farther. So I reached down again to rub my pussy on the outside of my jeans, and I could feel that I was so wet, and I could feel that I was making the insides of my jeans wet because I was not wearing any panties today. I knew the guys would go crazy if they knew that I was not wearing any panties, so I decided to show them a bit more and flirt with showing my pussy just a bit. I started to unbutton my jeans, while staring into the audience of eight guys intently watching me.
I think they all could not believe that I was doing this for them, and that I would even keep going. I surprised myself, because I had only intended to show them my tits as a reward, and now I was going even further. I unbuttoned my jeans, and then I slowly pulled the zipper down, and I thought some of the guys might just cum in their pants right at that moment. I was so turned on, and my pussy was so wet, and now that I had my jeans unzipped down to just above my pussy lips. The guys could not yet see my pussy, and I just had to reach my hand inside my jeans to touch and rub my aching pussy a bit.
I was lost in the moment, and rubbing my pussy with my hand inside my jeans, and all of the guys were getting quite a show. It felt so good to touch my wet pussy, and I even started to insert a finger inside my wet pussy. I could feel myself moaning as I slid my finger into my wet pussy. The guys were all watching me quietly, and it even looked like some of the guys were now reaching into their own pants to grab their own cocks.
I was so hot, and so wet, and so turned on now. I turned around and moved my butt towards the guys, and slowly moved my hands around the inside of my jeans, and then I actually started to push off the jeans over my butt to show them all of my beautiful ass. I could hear some of the guys cheer, and some of the guys moan with excitement, and I could not believe I was taking this strip show even further. I felt motivated now to give them a show of everything I had, and I was so turned on at this time that I just could not stop stripping for them.
I slid my jeans off my ass, and then down my legs, all while keeping my backside turned towards the guys. I peaked at the crowd of guys, and a few of them were now unzipping their jeans and beginning to pull their cocks out for me to see. I started to wonder how far this exhibition would go, and I was now thinking how much I would like to suck on one or more cocks. And my pussy was starting to ache to have a nice warm cock slide into my so very wet pussy. I stepped out of my jeans while bent over to the ground, and I am sure the guys could see my pussy from behind me as I was bent over to the ground to get out of my pants.
I stood back up and I was now completely naked, but facing away from the crown of guys. I looked at the guys over my shoulder and they were begging me to please turn around so they could see me. So I decided to keep going and I slowly turned my body for all to see. I could tell the guys were all silent, with jaws dropping, as they could not believe that I was now exposing my fully nude body directly to them all. I could clearly see now that several had their cocks out and were stroking at the sight of the show I had displayed for them.
I was so wet and horny, that I did not want to stop just yet, and I decided that I would touch myself some more and let them watch the show. I caressed my breasts, and then I reached down to my pussy to stroke and massage my clit. I started to slowly insert a finger into my wet hole, and the crowd of guys got quiet again watching me insert a finger into my pussy and start to stroke myself. I think the guys all had their cocks out now and were all stroking their cocks at the sight I was giving them. I could even see some of the guys were dripping pre-cum from their cocks, and I had such an urge to be able to taste that pre-cum. I let my finger come out of my wet pussy, and I brought my finger to my lips and then sucked that wet finger with my mouth, tasting my own juices. I was so turned on that I thought I was going to cum from all that hot exhibition action.
I decided I was too horny to stop and I went back to fingering my pussy for all to see. My knees were getting weak, and I finally decided to lie down on the floor and continue to finger myself. The guys started to move closer to me and gather around me, and I could see many cocks hovering above me as I fingered myself on the floor of the new cabin. Some of the cocks were leaking pre-cum, and it dripped down onto my body. I reached up with my fingers and collect the pre-cum onto my fingers, and then I brought my fingers to my mouth and sucked the pre-cum from my fingers. It tasted so good, and I could feel myself starting to orgasm for the first time from this sensory overload. I was moaning, fingering my pussy, tasting the pre-cum in my mouth from my fingers, and having an orgasm at the same time. It was so intense.
As my first intense orgasm started to subside, I was still so horny with all the activity, and now I definitely wanted a cock in my mouth so very bad. I was craving to be sucking on a cock, and to have it cum inside my mouth so I could taste and swallow the warm cum. There we eight hard cocks all around me and I reached out to grab two of these hard cocks, and I started sucking on my first cock of the night. The guy for which I was sucking on was so hard, and his cock was now leaking pre-cum into my mouth, and I knew it would not be long before I would be tasting his full cum load.
I kept sucking on his cock and wanting him to cum inside my mouth so I could taste and swallow him. A few more strokes of his cock inside my mouth, and he finally started to cum. He was grunting, and yelling, and his hot cum was exploding warm jets of cum into my wanting mouth. I could taste his wonderful load of cum in my mouth, and it felt so good to finally have some cum inside my mouth. I let his cum roll around my mouth while tasting the warm goodness, and then I started to swallow the warm load. As I was swallowing my first cum load, I started to orgasm for a second time from the whole experience and the feeling of the warm cum load filling my mouth and my stomach.
As the cum from the first guy finally started to subside, I moved my mouth to the other cock in my left hand as I now wanted more cum to fill my mouth. I started to suck on my second cock of the night, and I was feeling fantastic. I now realized that I was going to suck, or fuck every guy in this room, and I was so incredibly turned on. Not long after I started to suck that second cock, then he started to cum in my mouth. The second warm cum load felt and tasted so good. I swallowed much of that second load, but I also let some of his cum dribble out of my mouth and drip down onto my chest. I reached down to my breasts and let the guys watch as I rubbed that sweet load of cum into and all over my tits.
Next, I lie onto my back and looked up and the remaining six guys and asked them all if anyone wanted to fuck me. One guy quickly got on top of me and started to move his hard cock to my wet pussy. And two other guys got on each side of my face to where I could reach up and stroke both of their cocks. I now had one hard cock sliding into and out of my pussy, and I had a cock in each hand so I could work back and forth sucking on both of their cocks. The one guy fucking my pussy now started cumming inside my pussy. I started to have a third orgasm while the cum was filling my pussy, and my hips were raising up to meet his thrusting cock inside my pussy, and then one of the two cocks in my hands started erupting cum so I took him into my mouth so I could taste and swallow his cum. I had cum filling my pussy while at the same time I had cum filling my mouth, and I was feeling incredible. I could not get enough of this, and another orgasm.
Soon the other guy in my left hand also started cumming, and I turned my mouth and face to get his cock into my mouth. As I turned, his erupting cock sprayed cum onto my face and all over my mouth as I quickly worked to get his spurting cock into my mouth. He was cumming so much, and I could feel his cum filling my mouth as I quickly swallowed trying not to miss all of his cum. While I continued to suck on this cock which was cumming inside my mouth, another guy had now had now replaced the guy fucking me. He lifted my into a doggie style position and his cock from behind me and started to slide into my wet pussy from behind, while I continued to finish off the guy cumming in my mouth from in front of me.
Finally the guy in my mouth stopped cumming, and he was replaced with another nice hard cock into my mouth. Now I had two new guys, one guy fucking me from behind, and the other guy fucking my mouth from in front of me, all the while I was in the doggie style position. Soon, both guys were cumming at the same time, and I could feel cum filling me both inside my pussy at the same time I was having my mouth filled with more of that warm wonderful cum. I was swallowing cum in my mouth, and I was enjoying every minute as I was having another orgasm with all of the cum filling my body at the same time.
Lastly, when both of these guys stopped cumming inside me, then my husband crawled underneath me and I laid on top of him with my cum filled body resting on him. We kissed mouth-to-mouth, in a very hot French kiss, and I know he could taste all of that sweet cum which had just filled my mouth. We continued to kiss passionately and share the taste of the warm cum, and I was so horny once again from the cum kiss. I could feel his hard cock start to slide into my wet pussy, and once again I had another hard cock fucking me. I continued to slide his hard cock in and out of my pussy, and soon I could feel his orgasm begin. I could feel his warm cum exploding into my warm pussy, and I too was having another orgasm with his cock spurting cum inside my pussy.
What an amazing experience. I had fucked, or sucked all eight different guys in just one evening. I had all eight of them fill me with cum, and I loved every minute of the experience. I can't remember how many times I had orgasms myself, but it was without a doubt the most sexual experience of my life. It was a night I will never forget, and I am glad I decided to reward to guys for their hard work.