Have you ever spotted someone spying on you whilst in the shower?
I have on more than one occasion. The time that springs to mind was when I went to a Gym whilst on a short visit to Spain with Jon. Jon had left me in the Hotel whilst he went to a business meeting so I went for a walk. Just round the corner from the Hotel I came across a Gym and decided that I needed a bit of exercise. I went back to the Hotel, got my kit and went back to the Gym. It was quite small and there weren't many people there. No one took much notice of me as I worked-out wearing only my tennis-skirt, crop top and trainers. After my work-out I went to the changing room, stripped, put my towel round me and went to the little sauna. There were two men and one woman in there, all wearing swimming costumes. I took my towel off and sat on the bench. The three people looked at me then continued talking in Spanish.
When I got too hot I wrapped my towel round me, got my kit from the changing room and went looking for the showers (none in the changing room). I found a room with 3 showers that were separated by curtains. I dropped my towel and clothes onto the bench and went into the middle shower (there was no one else there), pulled the curtain round and turned the shower on.
I was enjoying the shower when I heard the door open and someone come in. After a couple of minutes I thought I saw the curtain round my shower move a bit, but I ignored it. I heard one of the other showers get turned on. For some reason I looked towards the curtain that I thought I saw move and saw a little red lights. After a couple of seconds I realised that the curtain had been pulled back a bit and I could see a video camera, half covered with a towel, on the bench seat. I guessed that the red light showed that it was recording. At first I was a bit surprised, but I quickly realised that I had an opportunity for a bit of pleasure.
During the following 5 minutes or so I played with my nipples and pussy until I had cum twice. I then turned the shower off and dried myself very slowly, tweaking my nips and clit a few times. All the time I faced the camera, but didn't look at it.
When I'd finished showering I opened the curtain and went to the bench seat. As I walked towards it I was convinced that I was right about the video camera. I made a big show getting dried right in front of the camera. All the while listening to the shower that was still running. At one point I though that the curtain moved and I was expecting someone to come out, but no one did. I though that I'd give the owner of the video camera a treat and went over to it and squatted in front of it so that my open pussy was right in front of the lens. Just for good measure I flicked my clit a couple of times and slipped a finger in my pussy.
I was just about put my clothes on when the shower stopped. Keeping my cool I started 'drying' myself with my towel again as a man who looked to be in his thirties appeared from the shower. He was naked and had a 'semi'. He looked at me and said something in Spanish. I smiled at him and moved the towel to dry my back. He stared at my naked front as he walked to his clothes.
Picking up his towel he turned an faced me and we watched each other get dried. All the time his 'semi' was rising towards the ceiling. By the time I had finished 'drying' myself and picked-up my top, his hard-on was looking good.
Neither of us seemed at all embarrassed although I was a little scared and very excited.
He continued to watch me as I put my top on then my trainers. I wanted to keep my pussy on show for a long as I could.
When I'd finally got what few clothes I had on I picked-up my bag and made sure that I trapped the hem of my skirt under the bag that I carried under my arm. With my pussy and ass on display I walked towards the door and out.
I then went out into the reception area. As I left, the man behind the counter stopped me. I thought that he was going to say something about my goodies being on display but instead he gave me a voucher for me to get in again for half price.