Nigkala Tales Pt. 07: My changing sex drive
When a goddess wants to play...
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story.
= = = = = = = = = =
My first clue of an increased sex drive was at the sci-fi convention the studio sent me to, as part of their promotion of "Space Pussy". I was on a panel discussing where science meets science fiction, and my experiences making a film set in outer space. Of course, I was dressed as Captain Kitty Galore.
"Ms. Asher, how did you get so good moving about in Zero-G? You moved so much better than your crew."
"That would be because I spent six months in Zero-G researching the part."
"Researching?"
"Yes, researching. I am the one who designed and created the sex machines used in the film." At that, there was a collective gasp. "Yes, I developed them. I worked with Red Horizons to figure it out. I paid my own way, at a fair cost, and helped fund some of their research in space. In return, they provided me with some 'assistants' for my research. As I designed the devices, they helped me test them, and later refine them. In return, I assisted them in their research.
"I lived in Zero-G for six months; with my official position as health tech. I was responsible for them to eat well and maintain their muscle mass with exercise. As the one with the most muscle to lose, I also did quite a lot of exercising. Part of the sex research, was the use of a large open space, so we could move freely as needed. While it served that purpose quite well, it also allowed us to get stuck floating and waiting to drift to within reach of a wall. So, I created some tools to find a way to speed up the drift. However, it was someone at Rad Horizon who submitted a device that turned out to be the best option. We used it for about two months, before it was time to return home.
"Next question?" Quite a few questions were about the development of the sex machines, but I only told them how I evaluated them, not build them. I indicated my contract with them did not allow me to give technical info until the patent expired. I was also asked a few questions about living in Zero-G. I described the fun parts, as well as the not so fun parts. I also told some interesting stories. However, there was one question that was of great interest.
"So, just how often did you have sex, or try to have sex, up there?"
"At first, we spent four to six hours a day trying various setups, but when it worked, we spent two to three hours a day refining the devices. Also, we only did 'testing' three out of four days. At the five-month mark, development was over. The only things left to do were related to manufacturing, marketing, and setting up the automation to make their use as user-friendly as possible. All of that was done by Red Horizon on the ground. That last month, I spent two, maybe three hours a day with recreational pleasure. The rest of my free time I spent assisting their projects, as mine was effectively completed. Casually having sex with people who are shorter than me was nice. Usually, I have to find a bed, comfy rug, or a chair, to have casual sex."
"A chair?"
"Yep. While being pushed up against a wall looks fun, I am too tall for that. Sitting down on a man, however, is easy and fun for both."
Of the questions on my character, this was the one that was the most telling: "Why was Captain Kitty Galore so eager for human cock?"
I had fun. "Well, cat-guys had cocks also, but human male pheromones acted on them like catnip does on cats. In fact, I think near the end of the film, the earth doctor told Captain Galore. From that point on in the film, any time she went for a cock, someone mentioned catnip."
After the panel, I was on my way to lunch when I heard someone off to the side, "Here Kitty, Kitty." I looked over, and I saw a guy in a shaded alcove. When he saw me look, he pulled out his dick. "Want some catnip?" I felt an immediate surge of desire, and my nipples came to attention.
I went to him, and he backed up and sat down. I went and sat on him, impaling my vagina perfectly (I've had a lot of practice). I barely had to lift my skirt. "Oh, that feels purrrrrfect." I then pulled his hands to my breasts. Staying in character, I began to purr. A few minutes later we came, and I gave a "Meow!" as sexily as I could. I then casually got up and continued on my way to lunch, tail wagging happily. This happened several times more before my next panel two hours later.
With only the two panels, I had plenty of free time. The studio wanted me to mingle and talk up the film. Yet, I found myself having sex every twenty minutes or so, for the rest of the day. I didn't go back to my room until late. I ordered a late night pizza, and the bellhop delivered it, handed it to me, then pulled out his dick and said, "Catnip time."
I looked at him, the pizza, and then him again. I carefully set the pizza aside, then stripped and took him. About an hour later, we slowed enough to realize we were both hungry. I invited him to share the pizza, and we wound up eating it all, even as I slowly ground on him. "I can't believe you are still hard. And with ten inches, too! Some girl is going to be really lucky."
"I know. But my staying power is chemically induced."
"Oh? Viagra?"
"Yeah. Last time it lasted three hours. But I'm not so sure, this time."
"Why?"
"Well, the last time, it took me about fifteen to twenty minutes to refill. But you have somehow got me refilling in less than five. I don't know how long I'll last."
I heard in my head, "All night if you want. Don't worry, I got this." I silently replied, "Thanks."
To the guy, I said, "We'll see how long it lasts. For now, let's just enjoy it."
That night, I dreamt that I was Kitty, and that I was exploring a new world: Earth. My crew was exploring it with me, and we toured many places. We were constantly distracted by 'catnip'. The dream started with the movie plot, but went a lot farther, and with lots of sex. As I slowly woke, I realized I had ten inches of wood in me. I opened my eyes and saw I was still on top of the bellhop, and he was fast asleep. I decided to take advantage and started grinding. He woke just as he came. He finished waking up as he deflated. I picked him up and placed him on the bed. I just headed to the shower.
It was there that I realized something was off. I had way more sex than normal for one of these shindigs. Yet I clearly seemed to desire it. I finally realized Inanna must be behind it. Well, I figured, as long as she was ensuring no one bothered us, I was willing to go along. I then started to wonder about the dream. The actions of the captain felt correct for a cat-girl from space, and I didn't get any vibe of Inanna about her. Yet there was a subtle vibe in the dreamscape that was Inanna. I finished my shower, and after drying off, I collected my clothes and put them in the used pile. I then dressed in another Captain Galore outfit for the second day.
I only had one panel that day, but I emceed the cosplay event. Again, throughout the day during my free time, I wound up having sex every twenty minutes or so. When the event was over for the night, rather than hang about chatting, I slipped off to the indoor pool. Seeing no one there, I decided to strip and swim for a while. I was underwater when they came in. There were twenty, or so, young men, and they all stared at me as I broke water.
"Hey, we reserved the pool."
"Oh! I didn't see any sign."
"Yeah, you should leave."
I swam over to the side, and slowly climbed the stairs. I walked over to the guy asking me to leave. "I was so enjoying a swim. Are you sure there isn't some way I could stay?" I then placed a hand on his crotch.
"Urk!" he squeaked.
"Let her stay. She looks fun."
Someone must have seen my clothes and realized who I was. I heard, "I have catnip," off to my left. I looked over and saw one of the guys had removed his trunks, letting his dick wave at me.
I walked over to him, and looked for a chair or something. I found nothing. I then realized I could switch the old ploy. I lifted him up just enough and pushed him into the wall. Then I sent my crotch into his. Suddenly, he was inside me. Soon, I was not only pounding into him, but I was also purring. "I love catnip!" Since his hands were free, he used them to play with my breasts.
A few minutes later, we came, me with a "Meow!" As he deflated and fell out, I slowly lowered him. He wasn't too steady, so I helped him over to a bench against the wall and sat him down. I then walked back to the guy who told me to leave. "Where were we?"
He thought quickly. "We were just saying, you can stay if you have sex with all of us."
"Great. Um... you don't need swimsuits. Also, I think sex will be easier in the water." I then dove back in. Shortly, the guys got naked and joined me. We played a lot of games in the water, but most of the time I was sexing one of the guys. Two hours later, the room lights went out. Someone saw the time and realized the pool must be shutting down. They quickly agreed to head out. I decided to stay and get a few more laps in, as the pool was still lit.
About half an hour later, I decided to get dressed and head to the bar for dinner. I went to pick up my clothes, but they were gone. I looked all over, but no sign. Giving up, I left the pool and went to the bar. I was surprised at the size of the crowd, but not their reaction to me. I held up my hand to silence the catcalls, the invitations, and so on. When it quieted, I just said, "Dinner first. Then we can have fun." I figured I might dry off by the time I had eaten. I picked a spot where everyone could see me and took my time eating dinner. I tried to eat everything in a sexy way.
When I was finished, I asked the server to clear the table of everything, and take away the chairs. When it was clear, I lay down on my back. I tilted my head back and called out, "Pick an end. Not only do you get to have fun, but get a pair of breasts all to yourself. So gather round and show me what you got."
In moments, the first guy stuck his dick into me and started going at it. Another few moments, and a dick was going down my throat. As they increased in speed and intensity, I found myself purring. How I was doing it with my throat being full, I don't know. Even stranger was my "Meow!" as I came despite a dick down my throat. After seven or eight dicks, I felt someone eating me out. When I got a chance, I looked up to see what was happening. I saw a woman was there. I was then reminded that a dick awaited when the guy at my head pulled mine down, so he could fuck my throat. When a gal lifted her skirt and put her vagina in my face, I went with it and ate her out. It didn't take long for her to come. She left after coming twice.
While it was mostly guys, I got a fair number of women as well. When I heard "Last call!" I realized I had been on that table for almost three hours. Another half hour later, I was finally alone at the table. The crew cleaned up around me. Finally, the bartender tapped me on the shoulder and offered me a washcloth and a soft drink. I sat up, wiped myself off quickly, and then downed the drink slowly. "Thanks, that will cut through the taste of sex."
"If you need another, or something harder, let me get something for you."
"No, I'm okay. I just have to go back to my room. Oh! I don't have my key!"
"No problem. Just go to the desk. I'll call ahead."
A few minutes later, I was at the desk getting a key to my room. "I don't understand. I thought there would be a lot of questions before I got a key."
"Normally, you would be right, but your ID is easily proved. You're the only four-breasted woman around. I can see all of them, so I know you are our guest, Ms. Asher."
"I'm sorry about the nudity."
He chuckled. "I'm not."
I went to the elevator, and back to my room. I headed right for bed and fell instantly asleep. Last night's dream continued. This time, the sex was even more blatant and open. I woke, showered, and dressed in my third Captain Galore outfit for the final day of the convention. When I opened the door, there was a bag. I picked it up and found yesterday's outfit and a note: 'Sorry for taking this last night. I thought I would keep this as a rather unique souvenir. But last night, I had terrible dreams of being hunted by cat-girls. Somehow, I was a mouse. A terrified mouse. I woke up scared, in the middle of the night. That's when I decided to return it. I don't know why I chose this door, but it felt right. Please forgive me.'
Not thinking, I mumbled, "I wonder how he slept afterwards."
Suddenly, in my head, "I gave him a dream of finding a small bit of cheese."
"You?"
"Well, after chasing him in his dreams, I figured he deserved some mercy when he gave you your stuff back."
"Thanks." Hesitating a bit, I decided to continue. "What's up with all the sex? I assume you're behind it, especially at the hotel bar."
She giggled. "What gave it away? Everyone accepting you naked in the bar?" More snickers.
I laughed with her. "Yeah, that helped. But even before, the sex throughout the day isn't normally like me."
"Well, it's like this. While there was no mention of me in your 'Space Pussy' film, you, my priestess, were in it. It seems that a number of women are pretending to be you and re-enacting some of your role. I felt them as an echo of you, and also got a tiny boost from them. When I realized what was happening, I decided to help the film. While I don't understand it, I do know that the more who see it, the more I will get. So I spent some power to make those pretending to be you to also encourage others to watch the movie. That takes lots more than what they were generating, so I had you power me up. I hope you don't mind."
"I don't think I will want to do this for long, but a few days? Sure. Definitely fun. Oh, what's with the purr?"
"Well, they are pretending you are a cat-girl, and the purr just solidifies the reality of it for them."
"Even in the bar? I wasn't wearing my costume then."
"They knew. You are well known for your four breasts. They also know you were here as Captain Galore, so the purr just helped."
"So how did I purr with my throat full? And that meowing, as well?"
"I noticed that you had some trouble breathing with a dick in your throat. So I used a little power and made a path from your nose to your lungs by way of your vocal cords that went around the dick in your throat. Now you can breathe, even with a real big dick clogging your throat."
"Oh wow." How many women would have loved to have that?
"I'm afraid I'll need to power up a lot more over the next few weeks."
"You think it is that important?"
"Oh yes. I even have the other priestesses helping."
Over the next few weeks, I was at a new convention each weekend. While I had sex a few times a day between events, it seemed the fifteen to twenty minute schedule of sex happened at all of them. While I never lost my clothes again, I did find myself lying naked on a table at the hotel bar 'til closing on the final night of each. The curious thing was no word of all this sex reached the scandal sheets. Shots of me in the skimpy outfits flashing my vagina, yes, so the paparazzi were there. Inanna just said this was hers, and not theirs. So I stopped worrying about it.
I continued to dream I was Captain Galore while I was at the conventions. The dreams were different, and in them, I explored a great many people and places. It slowly coalesced into a story. One that made sense in terms of the original film, yet also had a plot worthy of another film. As the summer wore on, I wrote it down and refined it.
When the summer was over, and "Space Pussy" stopped playing, my insatiable desire for sex left. Inanna felt smug. Most surprising to me, was the studio asked me to make a sequel. I asked if they had a script yet. When they said they were going to hire someone to write one, I said I already had a script. A bit of negotiation later, and I sent them a copy. Not only were they impressed, they asked how soon would I be able to reprise my role? We filmed "Space Pussy II: Tourist" a few months later in the Southern Hemisphere. This let us wear skimpy outfits, and often little to no flack for public sex scenes. While there were some changes from my version, I don't think anything significant was changed.
For nearly the entire movie, I wore earrings shaped like lionesses. The major comic relief in the film was the 'catnip' gag. Numerous times in the film, Captain Galore would explore some town or city when she heard the word 'catnip'. When she looked and saw a dick, she soon found herself riding some man in ecstasy. So did her crew, but not as often. Once, she was sitting at a restaurant when she heard 'catnip' to the side. When she turned her head, there was a dick inches away. She just leaned in and deepthroated it. Everyone thought the purring was an added sound effect, and it was for the crew. But it was not for me, the captain. At filming, everyone wondered how I did it. I just said I didn't know. Since it was real, it made my cat-girl character seem so much more real. The earrings soon became a fad, but as I felt Inanna's use of power, I knew why.
Another change I felt after the run of "Space Pussy" finished, was my sex drive dropped lower than it had been before I met Inanna. Even with her power-ups, I could feel the difference. So when the filming was over, I did some meditation to try to figure out why I had changed. It took weeks, and I found myself focusing on my childhood self-hypnosis before finally understanding that my subconscious realized that Nigkala's sex drive was actually driven by Inanna. Now that mine was also, at times, there was no longer any need for forcing me into something I was not, and it lost its power and faded away. All that remained was the complete inhibition I had having sex any time, any place, in private, or in public. However, with all my experience, its effect was small.
When I looked for signs of other bits remaining of my self hypnosis, I realized there was none left of the body image, as achieving the reality replaced the need for it. There was some for exercise, but more in the 'ensure I took the time' area. The part about becoming strong and learning how to fight was no longer there, as I had accomplished them. My hypnotic stare, however, was never part of my self-hypnosis routine, and so I was surprised to find there was some sort of connection to Inanna.
So one day, I asked, "Queen Inanna, in my recent meditations, I was examining my mind to see myself as I am rather than as I wish to be. I noticed a number of things I had done to my mind as a child were gone or nearly so, since I have become what I desired as a child. But one thing I noticed, appeared to be your touch upon my hypnotic stare. I don't understand it or what it does. Can you tell me what it means, and how it occurred?"
I felt her surprise. Suddenly, I felt her intensely. Just as quick, the intensity left. "Daughter, remember when I taught you how to talk to me without speaking?"
"Yes."
"That skill involves sending your meaning, by will alone. It is very much like how your stare works. I touched your will to strengthen it, so it is not surprising it carried over. It has done more than I would have thought. You have a greater range you can use it at, and you can overcome even strong wills if you desire. But you can also use it to 'talk' to others. They will know your meaning, but will not notice you did not say anything."
"That seems intense."
"Yes, it is also the first step in making the world do your bidding, by will alone."
"That sounds like magic."
"What is magic? You have shown me your magic. You speak, and one of your magic servants hears and does your will. Be it simple as opening a door or as complex as designing a vehicle that drives itself. Other magic lets you see and talk to someone very far away, as though they were in the same room. You call these things science, but do you really understand it? No more than people of old understood."
"You are right. I understand how to work with science, but I don't understand it."
"Do not worry. There is far more to know and understand than any man can ever know or understand."
"Of that, I am sure. My people figured that out quite a while ago. As to my stare, I will meditate on it to figure out how I shall use it."
"Use it for sex, lots of sex."
"Yeah. But I don't think I have any problem in that department." We both snickered.
"No, I don't think you do. Still, it might come in useful."
In time, "Space Pussy" and I won some awards. The sequel was set for the next summer. I think I knew what Inanna would do then. Using my new mind power, on the other hand, deserved more thought.
But that is another story...