"Damn, that game made me horny."
He laughed. "Babe, the wind blowing makes you horny."
"Yeah, and I don't hear you complaining about it," she answered with a chuckle.
Karen and Rich had spent the evening with friends, enjoying a nice dinner, fine wine, and good company. Their friend Carl had brought out a board game for adults, with all kinds of suggestive questions and drinking requirements. They had bid their farewells after lots of laughter, and were driving home down a dark rural road to their place about fifteen miles south.
"I thought he was going to choke when you gave that one answer," recalled Rich.
"Well, it was either answer it or take another drink. I was already feeling no pain and didn't need any more," she answered. "And it IS my favorite thing you do."
The question to Karen had been, "What the best thing he does for you when you have sex?" Without hesitation, she had answered, "I love it when he eats me." She did indeed love to be munched, and Rich was quite good at it. It made her wet just thinking about his tongue parting her pussy lips or flicking her swollen clit.
Carl had reacted in shock, getting out of his chair and stomping around the room as his girlfriend laughed uproariously. "I can't believe you said that!" he cried. "That's not even sex - that's foreplay!"
"Not the way he does it," Karen had said with a huge smile as Carl's girlfriend collapsed into fits of giggling. "He can make me cum twice before he even fucks me."
That set Carl off again. They couldn't tell if he was jealous or shocked by her willingness to share such intimate details, but his reaction had been quite amusing.
Rich glanced over at her in the darkness as he drove. The dim light from the dashboard cast a faint light on her blond hair, framing the perfect lines of her heart-shaped face She was leaning back with her eyes closed, a slight smile gracing her mouth.Damn, she's beautiful, he thought to himself. And she fucks like a mink.He chuckled.
She opened her eyes and turned toward him. "What was that for?" she asked.
"Oh, nothing," came his reply. "I was just thinking about how lucky I am."
"Aw, that's sweet," she said, leaning over to kiss him on the cheek and giving his package a quick, playful squeeze. "But I'm the lucky one."
With that, she unfastened her seat belt and climbed between the seats, into the back of the car.
"Where are you going now?" he asked.
"Just drive." He had to pay attention to the road anyway; it was pitch black out in the middle of nowhere. He shook his head in amusement, wondering what she was up to this time.
He heard various noises behind him, but couldn't see her in the mirror because of the dark interior. The car was a hatchback, and the rear seats had been folded forward that day so they could haul some stuff around. Her voice came out of the darkness.
"Find a place to stop."
A few seconds later he caught a glimpse of a building on the right, and just past it a wide dirt area. He swung the wheel and pulled in, then shut off the lights and the ignition.
"I've got something for you," came her voice from the back.
His eyes adjusted quickly to the darkness, and the light of the full moon was enough to see some details. Turning in his seat he could see her behind him, lying on her back with her head at the back of the car. His attention was immediately drawn to what she was doing - she had removed her jeans and panties, and had her legs spread wide apart as she rubbed and fingered her pussy, not three feet away from his face.
"OK, that's enough looking. Get back here now," she commanded.
The sloping rear window left little room for action, so he released the hatch with a button on the dashboard and quickly exited the car. Hurrying to the back, he lifted the hatch. She was on her back with her head toward him, so he quickly removed his shoes and lost his pants and boxers, dropping them in a pile next to her. As was often the case, just the thought of sex with her made him hard, and this was no exception.
Climbing in, he straddled her head with his legs and supported his weight on his knees and elbows while he buried his face in her hot, wet pussy. At the same time, she grabbed his hard cock in one hand and took it all into her mouth, rhythmically sliding her mouth its entire length and licking around the head. He heard a moan from deep in her throat as he added two fingers into her pussy to stimulate just the right spot and he rubbed his rough tongue across her swollen clit.
So it went for the next several minutes, the back of the car open like a stage, the moonlight illuminating his pale ass and her blond hair. She lifted her knees to bring her pussy tightly against his face and moaned again while she sucked his shaft. He ran his tongue up and down her box, pausing to flick at her clit then moving to insert his tongue into her and taste her juices. His hands cupped her ass cheeks as he chowed down; eating pussy was about his favorite pastime, and he was feasting.
They knew each other's ways so well that they could communicate without words. They simultaneously stopped their ministrations, and he gingerly moved himself back out of the car, standing behind it wearing only his shirt and socks. She eased herself out also, then turned toward the open back. With her feet on the ground, she bent forward and leaned into the car, supporting her weight on her hands.
He didn't need a gilded invitation. Moving toward her, he grasped his cock in one hand and used his other to slightly spread the cheeks of her delightful ass. Guiding his shaft into her dripping pussy, he buried it to its full length and she moaned again. He held her hips and began rhythmically moving in and out of her, his pace quickening. She responded by pushing back against him on each forward stroke, her ass smacking against his midsection.
"Ohgodyesyesyes," she cried. "You're like a fucking machine."
Their frequent sex meant he could last longer and longer between orgasms, though the Cialis he took on nights like this did make him stiffer more quickly. In any case he could pump her for ten to fifteen minutes at a time, which brought her great satisfaction as she came repeatedly. Her ass cheeks vibrated each time he slammed against her.
"Come on come on fill me up. That's it yesyesyes..." She called out as she could hear his breathing reflect his approaching release. With a final thrust, he mashed himself against her ass, as if he was trying to climb into her. He threw his head back and let out a primal grunt as he shot his hot man juice into her in repeated spasms.
His orgasm finally subsided and they stayed in that position for a half minute catching their breath, then she moved off him and turned, collapsing into the back of the car with her lower legs dangling out of the hatch. He lied down next to her on his side.
"Holy shit," she said, "I didn't know it was possible for anyone to fuck like that. You are so damn good."
"We're good together," he answered. It's that good because you're even better than me." He propped his head on his hand and glanced out the back of the car, then started laughing uproariously.
"What the fuck is so funny?" she asked. He pointed out the back of the car with his free hand and she turned her head in that direction. In the moonlight she could just make out the lettering on the white sign in front of the building at the other end of the dirt area:
Hillsdale Primitive Baptist Church
All Are Welcome
Her own laughter joined with his to echo off the surrounding hills. "Ohmygawd that's funny," she finally said. "Can you imagine what the old ladies would say if they knew what we did in their parking lot?"
"Scandalous!" was his reply, as they lapsed into another laughing fit.