I have you dressed quite elegantly in an evening gown that covers a classic merry widow lingerie ensemble with garter belt, stockings, corset with open shelf style cups that have your nipples poking out continually; there is a full back satin bikini, but it's decadently crotchless to show off you silky smooth pussy lips that seem to always be moist and swollen. Stiletto heels complete the outfit. I'm wearing a dark suit, complete with a silk tie and cufflinks ~ Dapper!
This type of attire isn't unusual for out time together, and given we have two days away from your family; it's almost expected that we will indulge in some kinky fuckery, and you know I like showing you off, dressing you up. We arrive at a small venue with another half dozen couples, dressed similar to ourselves. It's a library/study that doubles as a wine tasting room. Racks of books and shelves with wine adorn the room with tables and chairs neatly arranged. Your suspicions are raised when you notice a makeshift stage at the opposite end...
We mingle about, enjoying different wines, paired with appropriate snacks, and you're feeling quite relaxed enjoying meeting the other couples, even if the other women seem a little standoffish, and overly competitive when their partners try and engage you verbally - Is it your imagination? I whisper in your ear to go to the washroom and relieve yourself with a quick orgasm and further instruct you to text a picture of My Cunt after you have cum. You're a little embarrassed upon your return to see me showing a small group something on my phone... Am I showing them all My Cunt you wonder?
Before you have a chance to ask as you rejoin me; the host announces that the first contestant for the sub auction is ready to be introduced! Sub Auction, what the hell??!! A couple that we were just chatting with makes their way up on stage where he promptly Orders her to take off her dress... and she does with bravado - Revealing a fishnet bodystocking with cut outs that allow her tits, ass and pussy to be seen. She looks like she could be a stripper, about 25 and all firm with pierced nipples and as she bends over we all see her labia are pierced as well. He starts to boast about her prowess at sucking cock and promptly orders her to demonstrate - Whereupon she bends over again, at the waist, fishes out his flaccid cock and starts going to work. Not distracted at all he welcomes one and all to come have a closer look at her technique and mentions all are welcome to inspect the fuck holes that aren't busy!
You blush at this brazen public display, and look at me... and blush even more realizing that you will soon be displayed likewise! "You're going to make me so proud babygirl - these other women might look younger, but I'm betting none can come as fast and furious as my cunt has been trained to do!" Those words burn inside your core and cause a little gush to escape your swollen slit! A few of the men have taken an opportunity to examine the sub more closely and you hear the crude comments above the flesh slapping sloppy sounds of her getting face fucked! He stops thrusting and holds her head in both hands against his groin "Yes bitch, take it, take all like the good little whore you are!" He shouts and she backs off, licking her lips and says "Thank you Sir!"
She is commended for being a good whore, and I take your hand leading you on shaky legs to take our place on stage. I announce to the potential bidders that your services are available only for two hours, and that no marks can be left on you. I further explain that you are only recently a three hole whore and remain tight and toned as I tear off your gown unexpectedly. You stumble a bit but regain your balance and composure when I turn you to face mercifully away from the crowd staring at you like meat!
You know when you bend over like this everyone can see your swollen pussy lips and you also know that they are wet and swollen, because you saw the picture before you sent it to me... your face is burning with shame as you look under and between your legs at everyone taking in my demonstration: "Can any of these sluts offer this kind of performance?" I ask as I expertly dig my fingers inside you like I have so many times before, immediately locating that magic, manic spongy area that turns you into a fountain - And within moments you hear me command "Cum you little whore!" As I pull one nipple harshly and find your g-spot you feel a torrent spew forth! Gasps and cheers ensue because you sprayed one woman in your line of fire! Your humiliation and shame is compounded when I use the flat of my hand in an upward motion landing squarely on My Cunt, the shock causes you to squeal and convulse while at simultaneously a few more jets of your juices spray the crowd! "Good girl" I commend, and you hear a strange voice begging "Please, I need a hard cock" and realize it's you as you collapse in an undignified heap on stage.