I have always enjoyed going to public places, and behaving naughty to turn on strangers. I like to give a show, then just never see the lucky viewers again.
I am 26 years old, with long brunette hair, blue eyes, that I get compliments on, regularly. I am tall for a female, at 5'9, with muscular legs. I am not too thin or too heavy, my stomach is close to being flat, with just a smidge of a pooch, my ass is round and hard and my tits are big. I always thought that they are too big. But I do enjoy the attention that they bring. I have been told by past lovers that they are the best tits that they have ever seen.
I do not have to do anything to get noticed. I see men and women openly appraising me wherever I go. I just really get off on taking that to the next hot level.
I recently went into a restaurant. I chose to sit in a booth that was opposite a table with two very large handsome men.
As I scoot into the booth, my already very short skirt, rides up even further to give the men at the table a glimpse of my pantyless pussy.
I glanced over and just as I had suspected, I had their full attention. I order a milkshake then relaxed into my seat. Allowing my legs to open further, giving the men a better view of my tight wet pussy.
I glance over, and notice one of the men had discreetly pulled his penis out, pumping it as he watched my show. This sent a quiver straight to my pussy, cumming a bit. I spread my legs even further and slid my hand down to finger myself.
My waiter then brings the milkshake. I notice his look of surprise as he sees what I am doing. He gives me a hungry look, but says nothing. I see him adjust himself as he walks away in order to hide his erection.
With my free hand I take the cherry from the milkshake and delicately lick it clean, I suck it into my mouth and swallow it down. I take the straw from milkshake, I tilt my head back and hold the straw above my mouth and let the milkshake in the straw drip into my mouth. Some missing it's target, landing on my lip and chin.
As it slowly begins to slide down, I take my middle finger and scoop it up then suck it slowly off my finger.
Imagining that I am sucking cum from a cock. I steal a glance towards the men again and see that they both now have their penis's in hand pumping almost in unison.
This turns me on so much I feel spasm shoot through my pussy as I orgasm, squirting my juice, soaking my hand and the inside of my thighs.
I let out a low moan that I couldn't hold back. I begin to work my hand faster. Finger fucking myself furiously as I stop pretending not to know they were watching.
I make full eye contact from one to the other, as I give myself a mind blowing orgasm. Biting my lip to try and keep myself from crying out. Not entirely successful, I see the first man reach for his napkin in order to wipe the cum now dripping from the tip of his penis.
Then the next man began to cum, just letting it land on his hand and the floor. I see the waiter still watching my show from the side lines. No longer trying to hide his erection. He just stood, staring at my pussy squirting.
Because once more I had started to squirting from yet another orgasm. My head falls back slightly as I finish my orgasm with a little cry of pleasure escaping from my mouth.
I take a few moments to compose myself, then I slide out of the booth. Walking past the men, I give them a smile of thanks and nod of goodbye. I go into the restroom so that I could mop up my drenched pussy.
Just as I am reaching the stall, I hear the door open and close. I glance back to see that the two men had followed me. This gives me a jolt of fear and excitement. I had not considered the possibility of them following me.
I could tell by the hungry looks they were giving me, that they were far from done with me. I was about to find out what happens when you play with fire.