Prologue
As I prepare to publish my story, I am about to leave for DFW airport in anxious anticipation of picking up a good friend. I really can't wait. I delayed writing this for four months because there were some people involved here that I did not want to dishonor. It took time to capture the events and its effect on me when this all happened. Also, there have been a series of things in motion since the time this main event occurred. Now, there is resolution and I can tell the story from beginning to end. It's been long enough now to finally put words to thought; but it excites me beyond imagination of what I am about to tell you.
...So, let me rewind to Nov 2018 where I was working and living in southern Germany. I was working as an Information Technology manager at a military community. My name is Scott, I'm a 47-year-old just divorced man with one son. He had just finished high school and elected to go to college back in the states. Within three months, my American, Indiana born wife of nineteen years, Lisa left permanently for the US. This was in the summer of 2017. Lisa was fucking around behind my back with a military civilian.
Lisa had become quite popular at our neighborhood pub. whenever I was deployed to one of my remote sites that I managed; she was out. I found out about her from a couple that I knew. I confirmed it with a female bar waitress when I was visiting that pub on an odd weekend off. Lisa had more than one encounter, but she was now seeing this military civilian regularly. So, I confronted Lisa and when she confessed; I filed for divorce and she was happy that I did. I don't have hatred for her but as it stood, we had not been in love for years anyway. We just went through the motions, to get our Son, Alan to mature enough to understand and make his way. With that behind me, I moved to a three-bedroom condo in the center of a village close to where I worked. Lisa joined her boyfriend in California. Then I became middle-aged single. Oh well. On to better things.
I loved my new condo because it was walking distance from everything including my favorite Irish pub. It was nice to be in town. One problem I had with the move though, was the amount of furniture I'd accumulated with the downsize of property. The other complication I had was a few months after the divorced, I landed an Italian girlfriend named Emma. Emma was actually my house cleaner initially; she was hired by my real estate agency to service my apartment every two weeks. I found her adorable to talk to and found out she was divorced as well. She also liked to dine and hit the local pubs too. We quickly became friends and then became romantic. Soon, she stated that she wanted to move in with me; I simple wasn't ready for that step yet. Emma was a hot little number, nice thin body with small tits and light brown hair. She was fun to be with and a delight to fuck. After some thought I was really pondering letting her move in with me - when I got the bad news.
My company contacted me and told me the local customer was cutting positions at my location. I would have to take a position up in the states. I now suddenly had only a month to complete my business in Germany. The news hit me so fucking hard, I was instantly in shock This quickly turned to anger, and I drank the night away. I composed myself the next day and asked my boss back in Texas if there was something else in Germany for me; but I got a flat "NO." I looked around the local job market and found nothing. It also looked like it was going to be a long-distance relationship with Emma, and I needed to pack my bags. The other problem I had was my rental lease was for a full year, I was going to have to default on it for 5 months and probably lose my deposit.
I broke the news to Emma during dinner on a Friday evening, and she took it hard. She told me she had wanted me to eventually get a position in Italy, but I had not even considered that. I told her I'd look into it but already knew nothing was open in my particular field for the location she wanted. We softly broke up that night. As I waked away from the restaurant, I was relieved that Emma had not already moved in. "No more pussy for a while," my greedy side of me spoke in my ear.
I explained my situation to my Landlord, Marcus the next day. He was actually pretty understanding. He made me a deal that if I could find a renter before I left, he would honor my deposit. He also asked about my furniture and I told him I wanted to keep a few main furniture pieces but perhaps sell some main items to a new tenant. I let him know though, I'd leave some minor stuff like the small kitchen appliances for free. He agreed.
I helped the Marcus advertise the property rental. We were going into winter season and I knew it wouldn't be easy to find a new tenant. I put some posts out on the local social media site and waited. It seemed to work; It was only two days before the landlord was notified of a potential renter. I smiled to myself when I answered his call with the good news. While I started some small packing, I realized I had not had sex in over two weeks with Emma. My dick was hard, but I didn't want to call and lie to Emma just to get a piece of her ass. I decided I'd jerk my cock after I got my media stuff packed that evening. I was thinking about fucking Emma again when the phone rang. It was my landlord, Markus. He told me someone was interested in looking at my apartment now if I could get it ready to show it. I told him, "it's kind of a mess, but Sure." I quickly moved the finished boxes against the wall, I only had a few minutes before they would arrive.
Markus showed up minutes later with an English-speaking realtor. I asked who was coming to see the apartment and he just said, "a couple." The doorbell rand minutes later. I opened the front door to a cold wind and saw a petite and pretty Asian woman with long shoulder length black hair. She was followed by a slightly heavy, burly bearded guy who shuffled behind her. They entered the apartment and I shook their hands. His name was Steve, hers was Gina. As they met the agent and landlord, I found myself starting at Gina. Something about her almond shaped eyes, her eyebrows kind of pointed up at the edges. I found this alluring. She also had a cute pug nose and her skin was golden tanned. The more I looked her over, the more things about her that excited me. She was kind of short, no taller than 5 or 5'1. She also had tiny feet to match her body. I turned to talk to the landlord and realtor as the couple looked around the main floor. They both loved the kitchen.
Steve and Gina briefly walked around the kitchen and living room as I answered their questions. As we continued on, I offered the couple to remove their jackets. That's when I noticed Gina's body. She wasn't flat-chested like most Asian's I had seen before. She was well proportioned with a nice set of tits and a very ample ass. She was wearing black yoga pants with a tight high-necked black sports top. I was interested in seeing more of her. Her husband was talking to the landlord about TV and internet services when Gina announced she wanted to see the upstairs bedrooms.
I followed her up the stairs watching her ass the whole time. As she made the spiral turn on the upper part of the staircase, I got a good visual shot of her black translucent yoga pants. She was wearing a thong! I could see the red tint of the top triangle. Her ass was so fucking hot, I wished I could have stared at it another hour.
Steve appeared upstairs minutes later where I showed them both the bedrooms and two baths. I mentioned the wardrobe cabinets and bedroom sets were up for sale. After we settled back down stairs, the couple said they really liked the apartment and we celebrated with some French wine. Steve and Gina decided to stay and look around after the contract was signed. The Realtor and Marcus both smiled and left the house.
We finished the bottle of wine as I watched Gina's cheeks turn slightly red. We talked about the furniture items with some rough estimates on price. We didn't agree on anything, just kind of put it in the air. After one more look around, Steve seemed to want to be on his way so they both left.
Once they were gone, I happily got back to work, packing small boxes until midnight and then I showered and laid down. I felt like I closed my eyes for only a minute and then my clock said it was 1:35. I woke up with a hard on, not knowing why. I remembered again I had not had sex in a couple of weeks. I knew there wouldn't be any more sleep that evening without cumming.
I began to have sexual thoughts of Emma and soon my underwear was down, and my hand was slowly stroking my hard on. My dick is not huge, 7.5 inches when hard but I have a huge head which girls seem to like. My balls hang kind of low too. I also shave my pubic area which makes my cock and balls look bigger.
I thought of Emma's tongue licking me between my balls and ass; my most sensitive spot. Soon, I began to feel the familiar tightening of my balls as I neared climax but then I stopped to prolong the ecstasy I was feeling. I started again, this time thinking of seriously calling Emma. I picked up my phone looking at it with my hard cock in my other hand. I knew she would come over even at this odd time but then I'd get tangled in a long-distance relationship. I just had to jack it instead. I stroked again and got close to shooting but couldn't for some reason.
I stopped stroking, pulled up my underwear and fell asleep nude. I woke again horny once more. I stroked thinking of fucking my ex and Emma at the same time but then ... I thought of Gina walking up those stairs to my bedroom. I thought of her in just her thong. Now my cock was fully hard, and I wanted to come so badly. I moaned and gushed haphazardly all over the top of the sheets and over my chest and onto my wrist and hand. I continued to pump it as my sexual fantasy finished with me fucking Gina. I felt ashamed of myself as I cleaned up my mess. I later woke with the alarm and thought of her again. "Fuck," this had to stop, I needed to get to work!
I didn't hear from Steve or Gina for a couple of days. I packed the stuff I could; and still needed to decide what furniture items would stay; damn! I hated to move. Emma also called me that same day, asking me if I wanted to meet before I left. She was emotional on the phone, so I met her for lunch. She looked good in her sweater dress. I felt she was flirting with me and she was. We both discussed our situation. I knew we could have gone to my apartment to patch things up between us, but I didn't want to risk it so close to me leaving. "Fuck!," I was so frustrated between wanting her pussy or too just to make things normal between us." We kissed and tearily promised to keep in touch; just like that.
I needed to make a quick decision on the furniture; what would be shipped and what would stay? The movers were coming in two more days. That evening, I fumbled around with some last small boxes when my cell phone rang. It was Gina! She apologized for not calling earlier as she was working on buying a car. She asked if she could come by to pay for the furniture. I was elated and told her to stop by anytime. She rang my doorbell at 7:45 pm. It had already been dark outside for hours and it was snowing quietly. I invited Gina in and smelled her perfume immediately. I think it was the Opium brand, not sure. I looked outside for Steve, but he was MIA. Gina said they had him working a lot now because "he replace another guy, not much time for train." Gina was so cute when she spoke with her broken English, I just smiled. Gina looked around the house briefly from the entry as I helped her take off her heavy wool coat. It had been freezing outside for the last few days. I was surprised to see her in a black leather short skirt with black hose and a tight red sweater top. Her tits were amazing, I had to turn my head to keep from getting accused of staring.
I asked Gina into the living room, but she sat on the stairs instead unzipping her long black boots. I noticed her make-up was so bright, not like before; perhaps she wasn't wearing any the first time. I noticed her cute ankles and feet were so sexy as she pulled them from the tiny boots. I assured her it was alright to wear shoes in the house, but she simply said, "Korean custom." I asked her if she was born there and she said; "of course I born there, Pusan." I laughed and she chuckled too.
We both walked to the kitchen where I had just cleaned up after my meal. I still had a half glass of wine sitting on the kitchen bar. I noticed Gina looking at it and asked if she was hungry, she said "no," but looked at the wine again, so I offered her some, she accepted a glass of French Merlot and said, "long day, sure."
She sipped at her wine while walking around the living room eyeing the living room ensemble and dining set. "This stay," she pointed and asked. "Sure." She smiled brightly. I watched her move around the room, bending over once to stroke the sofa cushions with her hand. I couldn't believe her ample ass. It was so fucking round! I began to imagine her ass in my face but then her phone rang inside her purse. As she went to grab her phone, I noticed her glass of wine was empty. I never saw her finish it.
She held the phone to her ear for a second and whispered, "husband." I heard his voice on the other end. Then her reply; "oh too bad, no don't try, stay, just stay see you later, I'm fine, negotiate now. Yeah, sure Love you too, bye." I didn't get all the words he said so I looked at her and she said he was stuck in a snow storm in Stuttgart over two hours east.
Gina explained, "he working too late and not good to drive in ice. He come tomorrow when better weather." I nodded my head and offered Gina more wine. She didn't hesitate to tilt her glass towards me as I poured the wine to the top this time. She kept looking like she wanted to talk but didn't until she got half the drink down. We were both sitting now across from each other at the kitchen bar.
"Finally, she looked at me saying, "good wine," before putting the glass down in the middle of the bar. I noticed her face had a crimson glow to it. She wasn't a lightweight drinker either, it was a strong brand. She looked at me as I told her the wine, she was drinking was empty. She frowned but then I told her that I was leaving several bottles of French wine for her and Steve since I couldn't ship it. She smiled brightly at me and said, "you can open one more? I don't walk far from here. Not driving yet." She laughed as I pulled out another bottle of a different label from my bar. Soon, I could see her beginning to relax with the wine.
As I poured us a fresh glass, she asked, "you married?" I was also feeling the effects of the alcohol, so I opened myself to talk. "I was ... for a long time."
"What happen to you wife? No kids?" I filled her in on my sad story and then she kind of looked at me in pity for a few seconds. Then she said, "everybody have ups and downs, my husband good to me but," She sipped at her drink again before continuing, "but some things he not do well. You know, everybody have problem." I told Gina our problems were "ups and downs, "and I laughed at myself. She didn't get the joke until I relayed to her that "up and down" meant going "up and down" with another guy, that's why we broke up. When she finally got the sad joke, she laughed long and then turned her face to a frown, saying, "ohhhh, I'm sorry." Somehow, though, our talk about "up and down," got me semi-hard again.
Gina then asked me if I had a girlfriend and told her that it didn't work out either, so she just said, "sorry you alone now but you not have problem, you are handsome and funny guy." I thanked her and put our glasses down so we could get back to business. She said she'd buy the downstairs furniture at what we had discussed then I asked about the bedroom sets upstairs. She wanted to see it again.
We both seemed to have difficulties standing up. I knew I was buzzing from the wine and Gina's face was bright red as well. We had nearly finished the second bottle over small talk and now I felt like saying fuck the furniture, I just wanted to sit down and drink some more. Gina nearly fell from her stool and she laughed as I grabbed her arm to keep her from falling. "Strong wine, I like it." She laughed. I inhaled her sweet perfume again and got her standing on her feet.
We walked to the winding staircase near the front door and I stood close to her in case she fell. She took careful steps in her stocking feet. I felt all my inhibitions go as I watched her begin to climb the stairs in front of me. My eyes were glued to her perfect leather covered ass. I could almost see her panty outline as she slowly climbed the stairs ascending up the wooden steps. She smiled at me as she rounded the corner. I felt my cock begin to harden. "Shit, not now, "I had to quickly think about something negative to get my mind off of Gina's body. I thought of my ex and my cock stopped surging.
At the top of the stairs, Gina excused herself to the guest bathroom. I also used the master bathroom as my bladder was full. After I finished up, I found Gina in the guest bedroom where she was admiring the antique wood bedroom. As soon as I mentioned price, she turned her face to a frown. I didn't do it again. Gina had mentioned money was tight with the move, deposits, car purchase etc. I just let her look around and decide for herself what she wanted to buy if anything.
We proceeded to the upstairs center bedroom/ office and I told her the Antique desk would have to ship, which she had no problem with. Then we went into the master and she really smiled. She just seemed to love the huge room with its sloping cottage styled windows. She briefly looked around the room and then went into the master bath. I walked to the bedroom window and briefly watched the snow swirl and pile up on the back patio down below. My solar landscape lights had kicked on but not very visible with the snow and ice. Then I followed Gina into the Master bath in case she had questions.
Walking in, I immediately realized I'd messed up. I collect men's magazines and there near the hamper was a box of old international penthouses and on top was a cover of a Penthouse "Hong Kong" edition with a cute long-haired Chinese girl holding a wine bottle and a glass, she was using them to cover each nipple. I was embarrassed because I had started to jerk to that magazine earlier in the day just as Emma called. What was more embarrassing was Gina was also staring at the box of magazines. I apologized as I pushed the box out of the way. "Gina smiled and said, "that's no problem, she is pretty, she like wine too." We both laughed.
We then went back into the master bedroom and there was more sexual evidence laying on the nightstand. A bottle of hand lotion right next to the tissue box and it was sitting on a Maxim men's magazine. Maxim isn't really porn, but it could definitely get a guy hard flipping through the pages. I thought it strange when Gina thumbed through the magazine like a shocked school teacher. "I read a lot, "I chuckled. Gina smiled while looking at a celebrity brunet's bikini layout pics in the center of the magazine. As I observed Gina, I noticed her sweater looked tighter and her nipples slightly peaked outward. Was I drunk? This excited me and my dick began to grow again. "Why was I so fucking horny today?"
To distract Gina, I gave her a brief history about the four-poster antique oak king bed. She smiled while putting down the magazine and stroked the head post in an erotic way. I asked her to try out the pillow top cushion, so she sat on the side of the bed and then I asked her to try to lay down on it and she did. She laid there flat for a few seconds and curled in each direction. I imagined taking her body right there but then for a second but then nervously picked up a remote control from the night stand. I dropped it once, then retrieved it.
"Let me show you my favorite thing about this room, "I smiled as Gina crossed her mini-skirt covered legs and sat back up on the side edge of the bed. Her face was intimately close to me as I demonstrated control of the mood lighting installed above the bed. I pointed to it and showed her how it ran along the ceiling over the bed. I turned it on and changed the colors. Then I handed the control to Gina so she could learn the device. This allowed me to look her over again. I could slightly see her red panties through the sheer black hose as she balanced back on the tall bed. Then, looking up, her nipples seemed to push out harder as she worked the controls. She enjoyed making the lights change throughout the neon spectrum.
Standing so close, I took in more of her perfume as she laughed and manipulated the controls. I was fully hard now, my cock straining to go down the right leg of my jeans. My bulge was obvious, and I couldn't hide it without leaving the room. Gina peaked at me as she changed the color of the light to pink. She asked if I used the lights all the time, I said "no, sometimes."
"With girl-friend?" She asked coyly. Fuck it, I was half drunk and didn't care to hold back from Gina's questions anymore. I was already excited as hell.
"Yes, she and I used to use the lights..."
"What color?'
"The pink or purple."
"This one?" She changed the light color to hot pink and smiled.
"you like to do it with this light?" Her question threw me so. I tried to turn away from Gina's eyes knowing she would see my cock straining inside my pants just inches away from her face. Then I felt something tickle me behind my left knee. It was Gina's fingernail.
"You are excited now?" I felt her fingers again, almost pulling me into her.
"Yessss," I admitted, not knowing where the conversation was going.
"I know you are; you want to make deal?"
"What deal?" Now she was stroking me with her fingers behind both knees, her nipples fully erect, she had to be braless, "FUCK!" I let the word out of throat. My hands trembled as I touched one of her shoulders. Her fingers continued to caress me.
"Im little buzzing ... so, you don't mind what I say?'
"No, uh go ahead." I assured her. She must have noticed the trembling in my voice.
"I can't pay for bedroom set full price but discount ok, we don't afford now."
"They are worth a lot." I was pleading now.
"Yeah, I know." Her right hand now slid from the side of my knee and moved slightly up my left thigh.
"I want to help you but..." her hand slid to my ass. She caressed the bottom of my cheek. My cock was screaming to be let free.
"We can trade..., come on ..." Now I knew what she wanted to trade, and I was willing, but I wanted her to continue persuading me.
"What color light you like for fucking?" She said coyly. I just folded. She placed her toes on the outside of my feet trapping me and then her hand slid to the front just outside the outline of my cock. My breathing became labored and I felt as horny as I'd ever felt in my life.
"I like to fuck... with the red light." Gina dropped her hands, picked up the control and changed the light to bright red.
"Me too.' She said with an excited voice. "give me upstairs beds, and we can both enjoy right now."
"How long?" I scrambled for words. My breathing was labored. Now her fingers traced the outline of my cock and balls I saw she was marveling at the size even though it was still in my pants.
"All night ...no problem." Her hand cupped my balls through my pants now, my cock had traveled down my pants leg and was trying to stand up. I quickly decided that if I was going to lose thousands of dollars over one fuck, I was going to get everything I wanted out of the deal.
"Anything I want?"
"Yes, really," she smiled as she started to unbuckle my belt.
I helped her remove my belt. Then my pants. I took off my shirt and she complemented me for my chest hair." When she saw me hard in just my jockeys, she commented, so Huge." She also liked to squeeze my ass for some reason. I decided to take over negotiations.
"Now stand on the bed and show me." I said it as seriously as I could. Gina smiled as she climbed and balanced herself on the bed. She slowly removed her sweater top and acted the shy schoolgirl as she covered her bare tits afterwards. I asked her if she had taken off her bra somewhere in the house and she admitted to leaving it in the guest bedroom. I just said, "naughty girl' as she unzipped her leather skirt.
Once the skirt was off, I saw her transparent red thong showing her thick labia and mound. I had her turn around and model it for me. My dick sprang forward immediately. She was still trying to cover her nipples. "One rule, don't be shy for anything tonight, drop your hands." Gina did that and I saw the longest pink nipples I'd ever seen. "Hot Damn! Come over here!" I said in a loud voice. She motioned near me and I grasped her tits, then pinched them as she exhaled loudly and moaned as I sucked at her lobes that were like pencil erasers. The harder I sucked, the harder she breathed and the louder she moaned. She also seemed oblivious that the neighbors in the three story across from the back of the house could easily see us. I thought to close the blinds but couldn't stop what I was doing.
I reached down to touch her crotch with my lips, she was wet at her mound. I figured she was wanting this as much as I was. I pulled at her nipples with my fingers and pulled her down to sit at the bedside again. I loved her thigh high lace black hose; it made her look super erotic. Her hands circled the waist of my jockeys and pulled them down. She gasped when she saw my cock head and low hanging fat balls.
"Use your tongue, just your tongue," I commanded her, and she followed my words. She took in my musk when her tongue darting in like a kamikaze on my balls. She licked at them passionately until I told her to take each of my balls in her mouth. She did a great job sucking them slowly and gently. My cock was already throbbing and leaking. With my cock dribbling precum, she took the head into her mouth. Soon she was pumping it with her sweet petite mouth and I was moaning with her thrusts. I was in heaven as she worked my horny cock. I took her tits in my hands to reward her efforts. She loved it and took my cock deeper which made my moaning louder. She stopped for breath a few seconds as I felt my balls tingle to warn me I could cum at any time.
"You like the taste of cum?" I asked while pulling at her nipples.
"I never swallow." I pulled at her nipples harder forcing her to moan loud. Then I quickly remembered our deal; "anything I want."
"You like the taste of cum?" I repeated myself as I continued torturing her nipples harder.
"Ummm, don't stop... Ohhhh yes, I like it."
"You like cum?"
"Yesssss.""Then get it back in your mouth and show me."
She took the base of my cock in her hand and started pumping my cock head and sucking it as she looked me in the eyes. Just for a second, and only a second, I felt guilty about fucking another man's wife, but then I remembered my ex. If she could do it, why can't I.? This was going to be my revenge fuck. Yes sir, my little mistress and Asian whore. I felt myself empowered to do whatever I wanted with Gina. My balls tightened some more as I watched her lustfully suck my cock. I worked her tits to keep her excited. I stopped for a few seconds when I was close to shooting. I slapped her tits lightly and she winced, then I worked her nipples again. She waited for my commands. I decided to go for it. I held her head in my hands and pumped as she opened her mouth wide. Then I let her pump it again with her lips just as I felt the tiny dam break inside. I pulled her head forward with my hands and made her take my full length. I was cumming and moaning incredibly loud.
Gina took my load well. I knew I had three good squirts before I went into gush/dribble mode. She was having a hard time holding my cock in her mouth in as she softened her sucking. Then she finally backed off and held my load in her mouth. She gave a slightly distasteful facial look before swallowing it. Then she squeezed my cock slightly with her hand and then took the last few drops of my sperm and licked my shaft of the final residue. I was very happy, but I needed to help Gina now.
"Your turn baby." I kissed her lips and pushed my tongue down her throat as I held my softening cock next to her stomach. I tasted myself but it wasn't bad.
"You not tired?"
"Nope, just getting started." I pushed Gina onto her back on the bed and brought her legs up. I needed a little break from the cock action but not much. I massaged Gina's legs and ass. I started at her toes and worked my fingers upwards. She seemed to like it so far. I slid my hands up her thighs and then rolled her over to see that adorable booty she had. I massaged her ass as my cock grew about 75% in around 10 minutes.
Gina moaned as my finger got really close to her pussy. I pulled at the crotch to make the thin panty separate her labia. The material was wet in my hand. I massaged her tits and sucked her tongue again. She was squirming, moaning and fully aroused. I decided to see how far I could dominate her.
"Lay back on the bed and take off your fucking panties." Gina looked at me curiously for a second, probably because of the dirty command language I was taunting her with. But after a few seconds, she did as I wished. Once she had her panties off, I noticed she had just a wisp triangle of black hair above her wet pussy. Her pussy was a beautiful oyster with thick, big lips. "Play with your nipples and open your legs, wide, wider, do it!" "You're so hot in those stockings, damn!" She pinched her nipples and moaned while I gently stroked my cock. I was getting horny again. "Now show me how you play with your pussy, I know you do it all the time!"
Gina reached down to her mound with one hand as she continued to work her left nipple with the other hand. She moaned long as soon as she found her clit. She stroked it slowly breathing and moaning, "I'm horny, I'm really horny."
"Get two fingers inside for me." She did it and I could hear the wetness of her pussy as she fingered herself like a small cock.
"So why did you come here tonight? don't fucking lie."
"For make a deal" She moaned in rhythm with her finger thrusts. She was in the early stages of a strong orgasm; it wouldn't be long. She placed the balls of her feet on the edge of the bed and raised her hips up above the bed as her fingers pushed in deeper.
"Why did you come here?" I slapped the side of her ass smartly. She gave me a scared look when I did that. I did it again and saw a slight smile crack her lips. She looked like she had been wanting to play this game part for a long time.
"For... for... fucking."
"Is that why you took off your bra earlier?" Damn! she was getting into the verbal sex part now too; her voice was so excited and erratic. Now, I knew she was getting ready to cum. Her breathing got heavier and sweat appeared on her forehead.
"Yes, I saw you...hard, so big downstairs and I want to come to bed with you and fuck so bad."
"Really?"
"Yes, I want it. I want now." She opened her legs even wider for me and placed her wet hands on her tits and went to work again on her nipples as she moaned.
I took off her stockings slowly and kissed her pink painted toes and the soles of her tiny feet, then I pulled her legs towards me and placed them on my shoulders so I could lay my cock on her mound.
"do it! she begged as she pulled at my wrists.
I could hold back no longer and slid my cock head into her sweet hole. Just the head. She arched her back as I pushed it all the way in. Then I backed out and slid in easy again. She was incredibly tight and smooth and super lubed so I knew now I could do what I needed. I thrust in her hard and she almost screamed. Then I began to pump her tight hole in rhythm.
Gina was now moaning with my thrusts while playing with her own tits.
"Oh yesss, yessss," she forced the words from her lungs. I went harder in her feeling her silky pussy pulling in my hard cock. Soon, I was slapping against her and she was moaning good. I pushed her back on the bed and pulled her legs back with her ankles close to her head, she was super flexible, she folded in my hands. I then lowered myself and pushed my tongue in her hole. I licked and sucked at her labia and clit for a minute until she pulled my head forward and I felt her tense up. "Ohhh, Ohhhh, I cum, I cummmmmmminnnnng, fuck!!."
She pushed her hips high and her body shook and convulsed as I sucked at her clit. After a minute of squirming and loud moans, she started to relax and cradled my head in her hands.
"Soooo, good, sooo, good."
"Now, you turn again," she laughed."
I'd been dreaming of her ass too long to fuck her missionary. It was going to be doggie this time. I got Gina on the bed face down with a pillow under her hips. I got behind her and looked out the window the apt across the street had their lights off. I knew the guy, Guy I played golf with him. I wondered if they could see; didn't matter now.
I came in behind her and had her look in the mirror aside the bed. I entered her wet mound and she moaned for me. I got the just the head in and had her move back and forth as I told her to keep looking in the mirror. My hands circled around and played with her own tits. With tit play, her backward thrusts became stronger. I pulled at her hair to make her straighten her back as I slapped into her. Damn! I loved her married pussy!
I played with her tits and noticed she had one hand between her legs, playing with her clit. I slapped her ass a few times as I felt my orgasm building. "Your pussy is mine!" that was the last words I said before my bucking orgasm in her sweet hole. I don't think Gina came that time but I'm sure she enjoyed it.
Afterwards, we were both temporarily exhausted, so I helped her get up and she showered. I joined her there minutes later and we soaped each other up. I checked the clock, it was 12:35 am. Not too bad for time; I was just hoping she wouldn't leave early.
We drank some water after the shower while I sat nude and Gina wore a white towel. I asked if she was ok and she said yes, then she mentioned her husband. I asked if she felt bad, she said "no." But she said he has problem with "up and down. "
"How?" I couldn't figure why any guy would want to fuck around on Gina.
"He had surgery two year ago."
"What kind?"
"Prostate."
"So now he doesn't get hard?"
"No more, also even before he is not very big."
"What about Viagra?"
"Viagra, Cialis, nothing working."
"So, he doesn't cum?"
"He cum by himself, but not get hard for me."
"So, he doesn't do anything for you anymore?"
"Ummm, he buy me toy, and vibrator, make me cum like that or myself most time, then I give him bj when he want."
"I'm so sorry, you know a toy is not the real thing." Gina smiled as she gently stroked my semi hard cock.
"No, I like toy like this one." She laughed and I felt sad for her. She sincerely came here to fuck and I'm glad she did.
"Anyway, sleep while, ok?"
I turned the overhead light off and dimmed the led. Soon, I closed my eyes and felt Gina snuggling against me. It was a good feeling.
I heard something and peeked outside at the moon and stars. Gina was fast asleep. I loved the feel of her tight body next to me. I closed my eyes again minutes later, heard the toilet flush. Then I felt her hand slide over my hips to my chest, then to my ass and then to my cock. I also noticed the led lights were brighter than when I turned them down.
Gina slid her fingers over my balls and grasped my cock, rubbing her thumb over the tip. After a few minutes, I felt it hardening in her hand. Then I felt her hips push against mine. And her tongue touching my ear. Her hand pulled at my cock until it was full length.
She was really exciting me with her touching and squirming of her body against mine. I'd had never known a woman to initiate sex in the middle of the night. This was refreshing. She finally whispered in my ear, "can I have one pony ride please?" then she laughed, and then I joined her. I turned around and sucked her tits, making her moan. She just said, "please."
"You get on top this time?" I asked since I just didn't feel like moving.
"Yes." I laid on my back and Gina climbed over me. But I wanted to eat her pussy first, so I pulled her forward. Soon she was sliding her pussy over my tongue.
"Ohhhh, you do this so good tooooo, ohhhhhh."
I sensed when she got close and pulled on her wrists, forcing her to cum in my mouth. I tasted her squirting into my mouth. She bucked so hard; she bruised my mouth. She moaned out loud as she convulsed over me.
Two minutes later, I helped her mount my cock. She liked that even better, moaning and pushing forward and back. She would hang the insteps of her feet on my inner thighs as she moved up and down on me in various speeds. I relaxed and felt myself build another orgasm. She came first and told me it was her favorite position. She came again and then concentrated on me. She waved her long hair in my face as she moaned. I was close to cumming but wanted to try something else; with her body so light, I picked her up and slid my cock in her pussy while she wrapped her legs around me, hooking her ankles together. Her arms circled my neck and I grabbed her ass cheeks and fucked her as hard as I could. I came with her tongue sucking at mine. I was tired of holding her now, so I settled in the lounge chair and she rode my semi hard dick slowly until I was hard again.
I talked sex with her again, which seemed to excite both of us.
"You like this?"
"Yes, ohhh yes, I like it." I sucked her nipples to make her talk more and fuck harder.
"When you came over here, you knew we were going to fuck, right?"
"I was hope so. I like your dick. Ooohhh. I saw you downstairs first time I come here, you have big bulge, ahhh."
"Your so sexy when you wear the yoga pants or when you wear nothing, doesn't matter, I just love to fuck you."
"I know, we make a deal, so I give you all night, right?"
"Yeah, your pussy and tits are mine all fucking night."
"Yes, belong to you, ohhhh ohhhhh, yessssss, mmmmmm." She came again and I followed bucking into her hard. No woman had ever cum with me more than twice in one night; this was a new record!
After that, we were both beat. We didn't bother to shower. We just laid down and fell asleep. Gina showered in the morning first. We had some coffee and she reluctantly left.
More than a week went by. I was moved out of the apartment and in a nearby hotel. Gina and Steve had already gotten into the apartment; I'm sure they were happy since I left all the furniture in the home. I decided I didn't want to keep any of the crap my wife and I had accumulated, a fresh start was in order. The only problem was I'd not been paid for anything - at least not yet. I didn't want to call the couple especially since I was feeling guilty about fucking Gina. Don't know why. Guess it was the married woman taboo.
With work no longer in the picture and just two nights left in country, I decided to pick up a bottle of Jack Daniels to console my depression in leaving. With time on my hands, a call to Emma was in order. I got hold of her and we had lunch. Things didn't go very well since I could not commit to her long term. I knew if I said the right words, I'd have her both in the bedroom and in my life again. But I didn't really want sex with her since my experience with Gina. It just felt like she wasn't enough for me at this time. Perhaps I was the same for her in her mind. Somehow, the feelings between us, and our words became distant. I knew it and it was time to say goodbye. We did with a kiss with promises to keep in touch.
So, I went to my hotel without dinner on that Friday afternoon, slept in the afternoon and watched the dark rain begin from my 3rd floor hotel suite. "Another shitty day, "I thought, sipping at my Jack and coke. I had not had sex since Gina and I knew I needed to play with my cock soon, it was time. I eyed the Maxim magazine I'd harbored from my collection. It sat on the night stand. It featured Lucy Lui. I was suddenly hot for any woman that was Asian, and Lucy Lui fit the bill. Figured I'd use her soon, I had hunger pains for the last hour.
I decided to pull out a leftover sandwich from my basic fridge and then the phone rang, it was 8:4o pm.
"Probably Emma," I thought as I slowly reached for the phone. I recognized the accent immediately; it was Gina! My heart raced as I had wanted to see her even briefly before I left country.
She gave me some good news, that she had the money she had promised, and she wanted to meet soon. I looked out the window and suggested somewhere dry closer to her place but she said better to come to me. It would be a few blocks by walking for her trip and I didn't like the downpour outside. "No, just wait for the rain to settle down, then come. She agreed but the rain did not let up.
I got another call from her thirty minutes later. "I am outside, you see me?" I told her to go through the lobby, but she said, "no, different door, unlock."
I couldn't see Gina from my window, so I raced downstairs. She was struggling, trying to control her large umbrella in the wind just outside the security door. I let her in, and she was soaked. Her long hair was wet, even her face and makeup were damp. Her bright red lipstick still looked good despite the rain. She was struggling to get her umbrella closed in the doorway, it was broken. I helped her in and got the door closed. Her body and voice were shaking from the damp cold. actions as she came near me. She was wearing a knee length black trench coat and long black boots from what I could tell.
She followed me into the elevator and then to my room, last room on the right. Inside the room, she was still shaking, so I asked what was wrong. She just said "nothing." "How is Steve," I asked.
"He at music concert with friends."
"You didn't want to go?"
"No, I don't like his "has been music band." We both laughed.
"You look cold and very wet, would you like a small drink?" I handed her a hand towel for her face and hair.
"What is that drink?"
"Jack and coke."
"Oh, Ok, I'm not drive, ha." As I handed Gina her glass, I smelled alcohol on her breath, she had been drinking, he face was also flushed so I wondered where she had been.
Gina took a sip, then a long drink of the bourbon. I asked her to take off her coat, but she nervously smiled as she slipped her hand into her pocket. She brought out a somehow dry large white envelope.
"Here is money, you left everything, my husband and I very happy, thank you so, so much."
Gina took another long drink as I just peeked into the envelope.
"I won't bother to count it, thanks." Gina finished her drink and said, "just little more." She was a speed drinker, I couldn't get over it.
I threw in some extra ice and filled her glass again, I didn't want her throwing up bourbon in the hotel so I said, sip it, we have time..
Gina said, "I want to thank you for everything." Then she opened the belt to her trench coat. My eyes followed as she unbuttoned the front. As her coat separated, I quickly noticed she was nude. The only thing she was wearing were thigh high black fishnet stockings and the knee length black leather boots. She folded her coat over a chair and my eyes bulged looking at her perky diamond hard nipples. She was also sporting a shaved pussy. I was in complete awe and my cock immediately bulged in my light grey sweatpants.
"Oh, fuck! You just hit my number one fantasy bucket list item, hot Damn!"
"You so nice to me, I want to do something for you," she said.
"Likkkkkeeee?" I started the verbal role play which seemed to excite us both.
"Like anything you want."
"Do you want it?" I placed my hands on her cool mounds. I felt her heavy, excited breathing as my fingers encircled her nipples. Then I made them go to work.
"Yesssss, I want."
"Anything?'
"Anything and ... everything."
"What about Steve?"
"He come home real late, no problem, I want to come early but I wait until he leave before I come, that's why I'm..."
"Don't talk, just get over here." I moved her to the side of the bed and sat her down. Then I kissed her hard before letting my tongue find her nipples. There was some nervousness going on with her, I didn't notice it the last time.
"Everything ok?" I started to unzip her boots.
"Yeah, I'm ok, just exciting." I got her boots off and brought her drink.
"We have plenty of time, right?"
"yeah,"
"So, what's wrong?"
When I come here, my umbrella broke and two military guys, American came to help me, they walking out of pub, drunk."
"What happened?"
"I was already drink two glass of wine before leave home, so I was feeling light head."
"ok, and?" I rubbed her beautiful feet as I she talked it out; she was still shivering. I moved my hands up progressively as I massaged her slowly towards her newly shaved pussy.
"They were younger military guys; they ask me where I'm from. I told them Korea. Then they ask me where I stay. I told them truth. I was scared because I'm little buzzing and the whole time, I know I'm naked inside my coat."
"So my umbrella broken and they begging me to go inside pub; I went inside with them just to get out of rain.
"How did you feel?"
"Strange, because I'm so horny to come here for you but strange guys keep talking to me."
"What about now?" My hands were now at Gina's inner thighs, caressing them slowly. I could already smell her sex. She was aroused.
"Feels good. Ohhh, yeah "
"Then what happened?"
"They told me one drink, that's all."
"So, I said ok, because I just want to go. But they bring me my vodka and water and then fireball shot, but I don't want." Anyway, I want it to get over so, we drink shots and now my throat burning. Black guy have his hands on my ass when I'm sitting on barstool. Other guy say why don't you take off coat. I'm really scared and little drunk then, and I just said no, I have to go soon." Now my hand is massaging Gina's ass and getting her more aroused.
"I don't know what to do, finally ... ooooh, Scott, feels so good. Anyway, ohhh, I say to them I have to go, so they follow me outside. Then they ask me to go to hotel, they will pay. I said no, not this time, raincheck. I start to walk away, and they say, where you fucking going? I said, going to fuck my boyfriend. They ask me what club I came from; they think I'm from strip club! They just keep yelling, beg me to go with them, but I walked really fast here.
"Did you want to fuck them?" My index finger pushing into her wet pussy slowly. I was fingerfucking her extremely slow. Then my left hand finding her long, right nipple and began pinching it. She was moaning as she labored to speak. She couldn't speak immediately; she was so absorbed in pleasure.
"Yes, yesss I want it."
"Both of them?"
"mmmmm, No, I really want to fuck you."
"Naughty girl! it's ok, stand up." Gina slowly stood naked in front of me as I found a drapery tie, then another. I tied her hands behind her back and removed my clothes. Then I got her on her knees and said, "Show me what you want."
Gina's tongue found my balls immediately. She flicked at them and sucked them slowly. Finally, she licked up the side of my dick getting me fully hard. I brought her over to the recliner, sat down, and said, "Suck it good." She went to work on my cock again and had me wanting to cum in no time.
After a few good moans, she asked me if I was close. I lied and said, "not yet." I stood her up and had her face the dresser mirror. I fingered her pussy and slid my cock between her legs as I worked her nipples good and hard. The harder I pinched them, the more she moaned. I brought her right ankle up to the dresser and rested it there as I pushed the head of my cock into her open pussy. She moaned as I got it halfway in.
I fucked her a couple of minutes nice and hard and she said I could go harder. I did and backed off from cumming twice. I told her not to move and grabbed some hand lotion from the bath and lubed her ass. Then I fingered her tight ass with little resistance from her. She probably knew it was inevitable, after telling me, "I could do anything again." I got two fingers in her ass and worked her left nipple making her moan again.
"I think you too big" She finally admitted.
"You done this before?" I lubed up my cock.
"With toy, yeah, Steve, he like to .."
"But not with a cock?'
"No."
I pushed my cock head slowly into her crack. She pushed back at me with her tied hands. I fingered he pussy, then her nipples and pushed in her again. She took it and finally I was in her very, very, tight hole. I started a slow thrust and the pain suddenly shrunk from her face.
"It's ok now, its ok." She reassured me. Gina looked at herself in the mirror as I began a slow assault on her beautiful ass. Her spiderweb fishnet stocking legs turned me on too. I caressed her legs and watched her face intently in the mirror as II explored every centimeter of her tight ass. Her facial expressions soon turned to pleasure.
I knew I'd cum soon, the pleasure was so much that I found it unbearable. I untied her hands and let her rest them on the bureau as I tortured her tits. She asked me to untie her so she could play too. I did. She increased her own pleasure by fingering herself. Soon she was moaning, Finally, Gina begged," fuck me harder, fuck my ass."
I started an all-out assault. I slapped her ass like I was in a rodeo and fucked her ass as fast and as hard as I could. I kissed her neck and watched her nylon covered toes point and wiggle as I slammed into her.
"I came, and I came more, thrusting and shooting inside her dark honey-hole. Finally, I succumbed to lack of oxygen and a cock that was in need of a break. I slowly pulled out of her. I was in awe as Gina continued watching herself in the mirror while fingering herself to orgasm. She moaned out, "oh fuccccck," as she exploded in front of me.
We cleaned up a bit and drank some water. Then, less than 30 minutes later, I tied her hands to the headboard, sucked her tits and then ate her pussy until she came loudly. Then I moved up and raised her ass in the air with my forearms and fucked her until she came again. Still tied and looking sultry as hell, I removed her stockings and nibbled and sucked at her sweet toes as I fucked her from the side. She soon came again, and I came in her mouth for my final orgasm that early morning. We talked until 2:30 am. While we did, she admitted that her and her husband were not doing well in their relationship. I asked if it was serious, she said, yes, he had a girlfriend in the states.
She said that while he was a good guy, he couldn't give her the pleasure she needed and even asked her if she wanted to swing, to make things better. Gina had said no because it would feetl strange having sex front of her husband. She never cheated but he did, and Gina knew the marriage could go at any time.
I comforted Gina and gave her my contact information. I walked her close to her apartment and she got in alright. Later, I texted her before boarding the jet and responded immediately. I couldn't wait to hear from her again.
Fast forward to Spring, 2019
I waited at the arrival entrance to the international terminal; Gina's flight was 37 minutes late and the wait in the arrival area seemed like forever. When I spotted her among all the carts, bags and people, she was simply beautiful, standing out from all the rest. Her long black hair and great smile fashioned excited me immediately. She was in a yellow flowery sundress with beige wedge sandals. As you can tell, her feet somehow turn me on too. Finally, we hugged, and breathed in her new exotic perfume. As I smelled her exotic aroma, I noticed she wasn't wearing her wedding ring. The few texts we had swapped in the time since I'd left never fully explained what happened. She told me on the drive home that her and Steve were officially separated, and their divorce was pending. She wanted possibly to move in with her sister in Austin while she sorted things out. But for now, she wanted to see me. I felt relieved somehow that we were no longer sneaking around on Steve. She said," don't worry, he has girlfriend long time and now they move in together now, they both happy."
"We both got quiet for a few minutes after leaving the airport. Gina soon broke her silence by asking, "You have girlfriend now?'
"Uhhh, no I don't, just my magazine ones." We both laughed.
"Ohhh, has been really long time then .."
"Yeah, it has." She was right. Emma had found someone else and I was alone and in no hurry.
"Long time for me too." She smiled.
I told Gina about my new job too and she was happy for me. I also told her about my private bungalow (with a pool) near a recreational lake in the suburbs. After battling city traffic for 40 minutes, we were driving on county highways. Looking to my right, I could see Gina had some jet lag, she had her feet on the window console and her eyes would close whenever we didn't speak. I told her to sleep but she just asked, "how far away?" I told her 15-20 more minutes.
"Can you stop a minute somewhere?"
"You have to go to the bathroom, or are you hungry?"
"Bathroom." I stopped at a rest stop and she went in while I got a cup of coffee. When Gina returned to the car, she was smiling at me like she had a private joke. She kept smirking at me as I drove. I gave her the dark-roast Columbian coffee and she sipped at it as we drove off.
She removed her sandals and slid her pretty bare feet back on the console and pulled a plastic bag of something from her purse and laid it in my lap. I was afraid to look in the bag, but I had to know. I reached in and brought out her wet sheer yellow thong. She did it to me again! Damn! Her panties were soaking wet at the crotch. I sniffed them quickly as I drove, making her laugh. "Hot Damn Gina!" I yelled and she laughed. Also, in the bag, I found some silver metal handcuffs. The cuffs looked official too with the key still in the lock.
Still in shock, I said, "How did you get these through airport security?"
"They have no problem; they think is funny."
To ramp the situation up more, she looked around for traffic and then let her dress fall down to the seat, showing me a sexy side view of her naked apple ass.
I was now convinced, she was the most erotic, exotic and kinkiest woman I had ever met.
"You really know how to turn a guy on, don't you?"
She slid her hand to my swollen crotch and squeezed," I hope you not tired, you have to teach me driving lesson." So, I did that day and continue to do so.