Another little 'we need to talk' type story, so you can probably guess roughly where it will be going. Hope you enjoy the ride, but sorry, as usual, no graphic sex.
++++++++++++
"Dave," she mumbled. "We need to talk. There's something we need to sort out."
"Sure Gwen," I answered, glancing up at my wife with a grin. "What's up?"
"Put that bloody newspaper down for a moment and listen to me," she snapped, catching my attention, though in all honesty I was still rating Arsenal's chances against Chelsea that weekend. Let's be honest now, the newspaper was suggesting that maybe Walcott might not be fully fit after his knock last week.
"Yes dear," I relented, folding the paper in my lap, even though I kept a good hold onto it, hoping that she might not notice.
"Last Month," she stated simply, and stood there staring at me.
"What about it?" I replied in all innocence. "It was bloody hot."
"That week end," she went on.
"What week end?" I queried, though already I felt an unease flowing over me.
"You know damn well what week end," she spat out. "The week end when you and your damn three friends went off on that bloody, stupid, so called, fucking, invented, childish fishing trip."
"Oh that week end," I replied, limply, the newspaper falling from my hands. Chances were, I could be in trouble! "What about it?"
"I know!"
"You know what?" I squirmed.
"I know what you did," she stated, glaring at me.
"We went fishing," I flustered, somehow knowing that I was on a loser, but floundering for something to say.
"And the last evening," Gwen demanded, and I knew I was lost.
Fuck it!
I'm a partner in a small speciality building business. There's me, the so called brainy one with the qualifications, Ted who sorts the paperwork out, and Mike and Nick who provide the brawn and the on site know-how, and cajole our construction teams into doing what they have to do, faster and maybe better than they otherwise might.
We're a bit of a mixed bag but we get on fine and the four of us and our other halves have become pretty good friends.
Last August, the four of us guys had gone off on a long week end fishing trip, though in all honesty Ted was the only one who knew one end of a rod from the other. We floated around on some sort of boat, three of us more interested in keeping the beer cool than what bait we were using, and most evenings saw us downing pints, down at the local pub.
Then we got to the final night, didn't we!
"Let's go into town," suggested Mike. "There's a bit more life at the coast and we could have some fun."
"Not sure I'm feeling up to it," I protested, but I was over-ruled, and to be fair, I wasn't exactly that upset about it.
So there we were, all done up in our casual finery, and trying to act as we had when we'd been in our twenties a decade or more before. The beer was good and plentiful, the music loud and generally terrible, but the scenery pretty interesting.
"Bloody hell," growled Nick as a pretty slim little teenage girl flounced by us wearing a wisp of a mini skirt that she didn't ought to be bending over in, and an excuse for a top that covered her tits but otherwise did little to restrain them. "I wish I was ten years younger."
"More like fifteen," piped up Ted with a chuckle. "Even then you wouldn't get a look in."
"What about this one then," I interrupted them indicating yet another young girl who made the first one look almost overdressed, her shorts leaving the greater part of the cheeks of her bottom on display and her top fighting a potentially loosing battle to contain her plentiful and bountiful breasts, which were swaying around as she walked towards us and threatened to sway right out of her top.
"Damn!" exploded Ted.
"Double damn," Mike added. "Are them nipples real, or has she got some wine corks stuck on her tits?"
Nick and I simply glanced at one another and agreed with them. These young girls were out to enjoy themselves and were dressed to make sure that their clothes didn't get in the way.
Now probably nothing further would have happened, three of us being happily married and Mike, though single with a special girl back at home, but we hadn't allowed for the hen party.
Hen party?
Well sort of.
Yes the resort catered to all sorts and that very evening there was a group of four, thirty something girls right there celebrating one of them getting her divorce. Weren't even sure which one it was, as they all seemed to be wearing a wedding ring when they rolled up at our table and asked, no demanded, that they join us.
"Sure," Mike agreed, gathering a few chairs from the table next door, and none of us thought to argue.
"What are you four doing here then?" asked the big buxom blonde.
"Fishing," laughed back Mike, not offering any further explanation.
"Ok, so you've hooked me handsome," the blonde responded, quite blatantly lifting her top to flash her bare tits at us, but him in particular. "What are you going to do about it?"
To our surprise, but maybe not to hers, Mike promptly stood up, took her arm and wandered off with her, and that was the last that we saw of the pair of them that night.
"Trust Gloria," giggled the slim dark haired one. "She's such a slut."
"Mike's not married," pointed out Nick.
"Gloria's husband need never know," giggled the slightly overweight one, and that about set the tone for the rest of the night, as our conversation became more and more salacious and raunchy as the evening wore on.
------------------
"Aren't any of you wearing a bra?" Nick demanded, his sixth, or was it his seventh beer having long since loosened his tongue.
"No bras and no panties," squealed back one of them. "We made a pact to go out for the night with no underwear."
"Prove it," challenged Ted, and bugger me if they didn't, all three of them, right there in front of us, and in the middle of that pub to boot.
"Do that again," called out Nick as the three of them, giggling like schoolgirls, pulled their short skirts back down.
"Come back to our hotel and we'll show you more than that," promised the redhead, probably the prettiest one of the bunch and the one that had been making up to me.
We refused of course.
Like hell we did.
Seven pints of best bitter did the talking, and with three pretty women with their tits hanging out and without a pair of panties between them decided the matter for us, and five minutes later we were paired off and strolling arm in arm with our chosen one back to their rather sleazy hotel ten minutes down the road.
"Look lads," I whispered to the other two when we had found ourselves alone when the girls went off to the toilet together. "We'll just stay half an hour or so -- OK?"
"Yes," agreed Ted. "Mess about a bit. A bit of slap and tickle and we'll be on our way."
"I'm with you there," Nick went along with us. "If my Jilly ever found out then she'd cut my dick off."
Seven pints of beer or thinking with our little brains, it didn't work out that way, and the early hours of the following morning found the three of us slinking guiltily away wishing like hell that we'd stuck to our promises. To be honest, wishing we'd never agreed to go fishing in the first place.
-----------------
"And the last evening?" Gwen demanded.
"What about it?" I played for time.
"Those four sluts you picked up?"
"Oh them."
"Yes them," she snapped at me. "Want to tell me about them?"
"Well Mike went off with one of them, Gwen," I tried to head her off, not knowing how much she actually knew, and not even dropping Mike into it as he wasn't actually married.
"And the redhead?" she questioned me and I knew there was no longer any point in trying to be evasive. Best to just come clean and hope for the best.
"We'd had too much to drink honey,' I relented. "I'm not denying something went on, but I don't remember too much."
"So you admit it," Gwen snarled angrily. "You went to bed with that redhead and fucked her all night long."
"That's not completely true," I replied honestly, trying to stay calm. "I did maybe mess around with her, but the state I was in, it was over and done with in a couple of minutes, and then we both dozed off."
"And the next morning?"
"No way," I protested, honestly. "When I woke up I felt awful about what had happened; ashamed of myself. Besides she didn't look nearly as attractive as she had the night before."
"Would it have made any difference if she had?" My wife quizzed me, her face an unreadable mask, and leaving me with an unenviable task. Should I give her the politically correct answer, or tell the truth.
I went with the latter.
"I'm not sure," I admitted quietly. "I'd like to think not. I doubt that I could have forgiven myself, Gwen, so I'm just glad I didn't."
"As it happens I believe you Dave," I was relieved to hear her say.
"Thanks honey," I smiled uncertainly at her. "We can get past this. We both love one another and have a great marriage. I'll do what it takes Gwen, honestly.
While I struggled for more words to plead my case she just stood there staring at me, till at last she broke the silence.
"Don't think you're getting off that lightly you bastard," Gwen informed me, her voice frighteningly calm and precise. "I'm meeting with the other girls this evening to discuss what we're going to do."
"They all know?"
"Of course they do you fool," she retorted, her temper flaring up again. "How the hell do you think I found out?"
"One of the guys spilled the beans?" I asked. "Which one? Who opened his mouth?"
"That's for us to know and you to worry about. I'm meeting up with Kim and Jilly and hopefully Mary, Mike's girlfriend. We're going out for a night on the town and we might be back late."
"For God's sake don't do anything silly Gwen," I pleaded. "Two wrongs don't make a right."
"We're not planning to, but who knows, and your opinion doesn't count any more. We're meeting to discuss what to do about you four and how to make you pay."
"Please don't do anything that we'll both regret Gwen," I begged her. "It won't help; anything but that."
"We'll see," she ended the conversation, and brushed past me on her way to our bedroom, leaving me sat there in despair.
------------------
Considering how long she normally took to get ready when we went out, Gwen was back down remarkably quickly, done up to the nines in probably the shortest dress she owned, the highest pair of heels in her wardrobe, and by the way her breasts were swaying around under the thin dress, hadn't bothered with a bra.
She looked gorgeous and desirable, and in that flimsy dress, worryingly vulnerable, and even worse, frighteningly available.
"Don't do it Gwen," I repeated my warning.
"Doesn't feel so good when it's the other way round does it arsehole?"
"I didn't plan it Gwen," I pointed out. "It just happened because we'd had too much to drink."
"I'm not planning anything honey," she sneered at me. "I'm just going out for a drink with the girls, but who knows what might happen if I drink too much."
I clamped my mouth shut, refusing to be drawn further in. Short of tying her up, then there wasn't much more I could do about it, and deep down I reluctantly accepted that I wasn't really in a position to complain too much.
Deep down, I didn't honestly think she would do anything stupid, and her threats were her way of punishing me.
Ok, so that I could take.
"Do the washing up while I'm out," she growled at me.
"Yes dear."
"Clear up the mess you've made in the living room."
"Yes dear."
"The washing machine needs emptying."
"Yes dear."
"There's a pile of ironing in the kitchen."
"You're kidding me," I rebelled.
"You might prefer that to some other ideas I've got," Gwen all but screamed at me, her temper really boiling up by then.
"I'll think about it," I retreated unhappily. If it came down to a choice between doing some bloody ironing or my wife being unfaithful to me, then there was little choice, was there.
It was a very unhappy little me that was left there as Gwen stormed out without another word.
-----------------
Dring Dring ...... Dring Dring .....
"Hi, Dave -- It's Ted," I was greeted when I picked up the phone, ten minutes later. "Has Gwen left yet?"
"Just stormed out," I informed him. "How about Kim?"
"Stormed out hardly describes it mate. I thought she was going to take the bread knife to me."
"What about Nick and Jilly?" I asked.
"Same thing mate. He's in the doghouse the same as us two. They're all off out for a night on the town, and Lord knows what they'll get up to."
"What about Mary?" I demanded. "How's she been with Mike?"
"No idea," Ted replied. "I suspect that it was him that spilled the beans but it doesn't really matter now. If it was then he'll be suffering."
"And we aren't?" I queried.
"Not yet," Ted answered. "But it looks like we might be doing so soon."
We didn't chat on much more and when he rang off I called Nick, only to be told by his teenage daughter that 'Mummy and Daddy had a huge argument. Then Mummy went out somewhere and Dad's gone down the pub.'
Mike never even answered his phone!
--------------
It was a pretty miserable few hours that I spent, not because I hated doing the washing up etc., but trying to get my mind round something that I hated even thinking about. Would Gwen do something stupid tonight? I thought not, at least not of her own volition, but she was out with Jilly, and gorgeous though she was, Jilly had a mind of her own. She had a strong feminist streak in her and had frequently clashed with Ted and me, albeit that it had been more a case of us teasing and her over-reacting.
That's what worried me. Over-reaction!
I just prayed that the three of them wouldn't rush into something we'd all live to regret, and that they'd take their time to talk it through, and somehow or other manage to get over what us, their stupid, drunk husbands had done.
It was with some relief therefore that just after eleven thirty, I heard a car pulling up outside, and a few minutes later the door opened and Gwen walked in. I was pleased to see that nothing seemed abnormal, and she looked as neat and tidy, and as gorgeous for that matter, as she had when she went out. Not a hair on her pretty head out of place.
She stood there looking agitated for a few moments before speaking.
"Did you do the washing up?"
"Yes, and the ironing," I replied, and I'm sure I detected a hint of a smile on her face.
"Are we going to bed?" she astonished me with.
"How did tonight go?" I asked uncertainly.
"It went well," she smiled to herself. "Don't worry, there aren't any surprises for you when we go to bed."
"So what did you talk about?"
"We'll discuss it tomorrow," she insisted. "Let's go to bed."
Well .... When in the position that I found myself in, and your wife suggests that we go to bed three times in as many sentences, then why argue? Especially when the wife's a pretty slim blonde like mine and had her top off before she even got to the bedroom.
Suffice to say that the night ended up, however puzzling it may seem, far better than I had any right to expect.
Trouble was of course, was it the calm before the storm?
----------------
The following morning was as totally unreal, as the sex the night before had been unexpected. She was up and showered before me as normal, and by the time I got downstairs, breakfast was on the go. We talked like any other morning before we both left for work, and the two times I led the conversation round to our problem, then she glared at me silently, shutting me up. Not surprisingly I didn't push it.
"Will you be home at the normal time Dave?" Gwen asked me, as she prepared to leave to catch her train.
"I guess so," I responded, still puzzled by her attitude.
"Don't be late," she told me with a smile. "I'll cook something special."
"No need for that honey," I found myself telling her, still confused as hell.
"Oh yes there is honey," she grinned at me as she waltzed out of the house. "We haven't talked about last night yet."
Oh shit!
------------------
When I got to the office the other three were already there and engaged in heavy conversation. Mike thoroughly denied that he'd let the cat out of the bag, as did the rest of us, and it was only much later that we discovered that Mike's girlfriend decided to have him followed. Apparently Mike had been a naughty boy prior to that night, so us three weren't too pleased that his philandering had rebounded on the lot of us.
"You all did it that night though," he pointed out and we couldn't deny it.
The day was a wash out for the lot of us, and none of the others could throw any light on what our women had got up to the previous night, or what they had discussed or planned. Mike wasn't even sure if Mary had been there, as she hadn't responded to his calls, which probably wasn't surprising with hindsight.
About my normal time I got home and was greeted by a frighteningly friendly Gwen with a kiss on the cheek, and sat down to my favourite dinner, which she'd prepared, and a bottle of good claret.
"I suppose you want to know what we got up to last night," she hit me with, as she came back into the room with a second bottle of wine.
"I was wondering," was my nervous reply.
"What would you say if I told you we'd picked up four studs and gone back to their hotel and let them fuck us silly?"
"I'd hope you weren't telling me the truth," I answered sullenly.
"Well we didn't," Gwen breezed on. "We got hit upon several times and we could have, but we didn't do anything but talk."
"Talk?" I queried, feeling more relaxed.
"Talk and plan," she carried on as if I hadn't said anything. "We all discussed how we were going to get our payback."
"Lots of new pairs of shoes?" I joked weakly, but she didn't laugh and it didn't go down well. It didn't go down well at all.
"Well you might as well know that we, all four of us, are going to equal things up honey."
"Now look here Gwen," I growled angrily. "If you think I'm going to stand for you going out and picking guys up at some bar for the next few weeks, then you've got another think coming. I did it once when I was drunk, and I hardly even remember if I even really did it, for Christ's sake."
"That's not the plan," she surprised me with.
"Oh .... Well .... What ...."
"Just once! You won't know with who and you won't know when. All you need to know is that it is going to happen. Just the once and then we'll be even and can get on with our lives."
"As if nothing had ever happened?" I queried.
"That may be difficult," my wife conceded. "But if you try then so will I."
"There must be another way Gwen," I pleaded with her, but there wasn't. Not at least as far she was concerned. The four girls had discussed it and dissected it and reassembled it, and argue as I would there was no budging her. It was accept it or get on my bike as far as she was concerned, and when I talked to Ted and Nick, they both seemed to be in exactly the same boat. As for Mike, then although we knew that Mary had been with our wives and involved in the discussion, she still hadn't responded to any of his calls yet.
Impasse!
Give up and suck up, and take our punishment was the attitude that Ted and I were cornered into, but Nick was all for telling his wife to get lost if she went through with it. Mike, the bastard was beginning to lose interest in our problems and must have already decided that the grass was greener elsewhere.
-------------
Back home things carried on as normal as if nothing had indeed happened, and I convinced myself, or perhaps kidded myself that Gwen's threat was just that. Something to make us sweat and certainly something to make sure that we never strayed again. Eventually, about a week or so later, Ted must have come to the same conclusion, and pointedly avoided all reference to our wives threats, and even Nick stopped muttering threats regarding his wife under his breath. I guess we'd all put it behind us and it was all smiles again both at home and at work. Even Mike apparently picked up some girl, and though he didn't talk much about her, so I guess she was no Mary, she was pretty obviously keeping him happy.
It was in this happier state of mind that I decided the air between Gwen and I needed clearing.
"Everything Ok between us now honey?" I dropped into the conversation one evening.
"I guess so Dave," she grinned back at me. "It's just so nice to be back to the way we were."
"Certainly is," I agreed happily, taking her in my arms and planting a kiss on her lips. "I'm just so glad that you didn't have to carry out your threat."
My heart missed a beat as I felt her go stiff in my arms, and looked away from me.
"What's up?" I demanded.
"Nothing," came the reply, all too quickly.
""Have you ..... Are you telling me ....." I floundered, releasing her from my arms.
"I'm not telling you anything," Gwen mumbled.
"For God's sake woman," I exploded. "Have you done it? Have you been with another man?"
"I told you," she snapped back. "You wouldn't know when or who with."
"Fuck it Gwen," I screamed at her. "You can't do this to me."
"Sorry honey, but I already have," she destroyed me with.
------------------
The argument that followed that little exchange of information was short but not sweet. There were many things I wanted to say but I was so wound up that I couldn't put words to them, and I soon stormed out of the house down to the local pub, ringing Ted on the way and asking him to join me.
"Well Ted," I greeted him, handing over the pint I'd got for him. "Gwen and I had a little talk this evening, and you'll never guess what the bitch told me."
"That's she's fucked somebody else, I guess," he stunned me with.
"You know," I exclaimed, spilling my beer. "What about Kim?"
"Her too."
"And Jilly?"
"So I understand."
"And you're Ok with it; the both of you?"
"What happened, happened," he stated, matter of factly.
"And you don't mind?"
"What can I do? What can any of us do?"
"What about Nick?"
"He feels the same as me. Better just to let sleeping dogs lie and get on with life. We've got enough problems with that council contract without getting worked up about something that we can't undo."
"But Nick was so convinced he would throw Jilly out if she went through with it. What happened?"
"Changed his mind, I guess."
"And that's it?"
Ted shrugged his shoulders dismissively, and asked if I was ready for another pint.
I was.
I was more than ready for several more.
------------------
And that seemed to be that!
Gwen forgave me for coming home pissed out of my mind and life went back to normal, incredibly so, it transpired.
It was as if nothing had ever happened, as long as I didn't try to revisit the subject with Gwen, in which case I got the freeze out, and when I tried to talk to Ted and Nick or Mike for that matter, about it, they shut me down as well. It was as if everyone was trying to pretend that nothing had ever happened, and with a bit of soul searching I decided that it might be the best thing if I followed suit. Not saying that I didn't wonder who the hell my wife had slept with, and not claiming that I didn't get jealous flutterings whenever I saw her talking to some guy that I didn't know. Having figured out that it was most unlikely that the three women, or maybe all four of them, would have done it with anyone that us guys knew. It would be too risky. On the other hand I simply couldn't imagine Gwen, or Jilly for that matter would actually go and pick up strange men in a bar. Kim maybe, and Mary no problem as far as I knew, but not Jilly and certainly not my Gwen. They just wouldn't do that. The more I thought about it, the most likely scenario that I could come up with, was that Mary had introduced them to some of her younger male friends. Or maybe just one! Perhaps one lucky bastard had got to fuck all four of them.
As I said I tried to forget it but it kept eating away at me like a festering sore inside me, and after a couple of months I couldn't keep it bottled up any longer.
"What the hell is up with you Dave?" Gwen demanded one day. "You've been like a bear with a sore head all week."
"You know damn well what's up with me," I retorted, glaring at her.
"Oh not that again," she tried to dismiss my concerns. "You got what you deserved and now we're even."
"OK so maybe I deserved it, and maybe we are even, but not knowing who it was is eating me up Gwen."
"I told you honey," she explained to me for the hundredth time it seemed. "You were never going to know when or who, and I'm not changing my mind."
"But you've no idea what it's like Gwen," I pleaded, actually having to hold my tears back. "Every time I see you talking to another man at a party or whatever, then I wonder if it was him. Several times I've had to restrain myself from coming up to you and slugging whoever you were talking with."
"Oh God, you have got it bad, haven't you," she answered me sympathetically. "I'm sorry honey, but I just can't tell you. All I can say is that it was just the once and it will never happen again. If it's any help, then I promise you it was nothing special."
"You didn't enjoy it?"
"I didn't say I didn't enjoy it Dave, and I wouldn't lie to you. The most exciting bit was messing about beforehand and then letting him undress me. After that, the actual sex was a bit ordinary."
"And that's supposed to make me feel better?" I grunted.
"Probably not straight away, but you telling me how quickly it was over with that redhead helped me a bit when I thought about it later, so maybe what I've told you might help you."
"So you're telling me it didn't last long," I sought some relief.
"I didn't say that honey," she answered almost reluctantly. "I just said it was pretty ordinary. Nothing special. Not as good as when we do it on a good day."
"On a good day?"
"Yes --- sorry."
"Thanks a damn lot!"
-----------------
I couldn't leave it there, even though I wished I could have. I simply knew that if I kept it bottled up inside me that eventually I'd explode and it would wreck our marriage. I even tried to explain that to Gwen, about how serious it was, but she still wouldn't relent, and wouldn't even confirm that it hadn't been someone we knew, however vaguely. The only other bit of information that I managed to squeeze from her was that it hadn't been the same guy that had fucked all three of them, and that in the end, Mary had taken off, and hadn't taken part. Her and Mike had split up, so I guess there was little point in her doing so.
I questioned Ted and Nick to the point where the pair of them ended up arguing with me, and told me to shut up and get on with my life and to stop trying to wreck theirs.
They had a point.
Maybe.
But the thing eating away inside me wouldn't go away. I was Ok most of the time, but then someone would say something on the TV, or one of our customers would mention about some goings on over the road or whatever, and it would all come flooding back.
I thought about divorce.
I thought about finding another woman to fuck, so that I could have my secret.
I thought about all sorts of things, but all to no avail.
Eventually in my obsession, I started to put two and two together, reckoning on the fact that Gwen had never actually lied to me. From what she had said, I thought I'd picked up that he, or indeed they, were men that we had at least met at some stage. Also that Mary, Mike's girlfriend, hadn't taken part.
Then it clicked!
Or at least a strong possibility did.
Mike was the youngest of us bunch, and Mary had been a good four or five years younger than him. She hung around with a younger set, and yes, we'd met quite a few of them at parties and bumped into others at pubs. Certainly some of them had been men, and damn it, six months or so ago, Nick and me had teased our wives for flirting with a couple of younger guys one night, who seemed to be rather taken with them.
What were their names?
Mick? Rick? Nick? Dick? Something like that, but I couldn't remember, but I was convinced I was onto something, even though I didn't know where to take it.
But then I did.
Without mentioning it to the others, I made some excuse to go out for the evening, and found myself up town searching in the pubs and occasional club for someone who I hoped would be there. No, not those guys, but Mary herself, who I hadn't seen sight of since a week or so before that disastrous fishing trip. It was a long shot, but I struck lucky, finding her at a bar with a couple of other girls. I waited patiently till the other two were pulled up to dance by some guys, and I made my move.
"Hi Mary," I greeted her, sitting down, uninvited, in the chair just vacated by one of her friends. "Long time, no see."
Simply the look she gave me confirmed in my mind that I was on the right track. It was a mixture of surprise and that 'Oh hell, what is he doing here'.
"Hello Mary," I repeated. "How are you?"
"Hi," she said, failing to meet my eyes.
"I need to talk to you Mary," I told her gently, not wishing to frighten her off.
"No fucking way," she screamed at me, shocking me with her intensity. "Piss off."
"Mary, settle down," I pleaded, astonished at her reaction. "I just want to talk."
"Like hell you do, you bastard," she yelled at me, attracting attention from all the people around us. "There's no bloody way I'm going to fuck you."
"What?"
What else would I say?
"Fuck off and leave me alone."
What would you do?
What would you do when three extremely large friends of hers, somewhat younger and a lot more bulky than me, arrived to back up her opinion.
I left.
I left of my own volition and extremely quickly.
In reality, I left with my tail between my legs.
------------------
So where did that leave me?
You guess, because at that point I had no idea whatsoever.
My wife refused to talk to me, my partners, my friends, avoided my questions to the point of telling me to fuck off, and now some girl who I hardly knew had virtually set the heavies on me.
What was I to do?
I decided I'd had enough?
Really, I was pissed off to the point where I didn't care a fuck what the outcome was. I was going to get to the bottom of this no matter what it took.
"Gwen," I virtually screamed at her, when I got back to the house. "What's going on? If you don't tell me then I'm out of here. I swear that I'll pack my bags and you'll never see me again."
I stared down at her, my anger genuine, my fists clenched and my teeth gnashing. I meant it. I was on the point of striking out at her, and one way or another, I was going to get to the bottom of this.
Then everything went black!
I mean, really black, as in totally out of it.
-------------------
"Is he OK?"
"Damn it Mike, you didn't have to hit him that hard."
"Piss off Kim, this is your fault as much as anyone's."
"Piss off yourself. If you three guys had come clean with him, then we wouldn't be here."
"Settle down all of you. He hasn't a clue. We can still get away with this."
"Easy for you to say. You're not married to him. You don't have to look him in the eye every bloody morning and pretend that everything is normal."
"We agreed Gwen. All six of us agreed."
"So where's fucking Mary? Why didn't she play her part?"
"Don't blame her. Mike buggered up their relationship. He should have kept his trousers done up."
"Don't try to pass the blame on me, you hypocrite. If you'd stopped when we should have done, then he would have been none the wiser."
"Shut up the lot of you what we've got to do is ....."
At which point, I must have slipped back into oblivion, which considering what I'd just heard, even though I didn't realise it at the time, was probably the best place for me to be.
----------------
"Hello mister Rogers. How are you feeling?"
I blinked my eyes and glanced around me.
Where was I?
Pretty girl.
Very pretty girl, all dressed in white.
"Mr Rogers. Everything's Ok. How do you feel?"
Pretty girl. Same pretty girl and the same white dress. Everything must be fine. Pretty girl was smiling at me!
"Mr Rogers," pretty girl spoke softly. "How's your head? Do you have any pain?"
"I think I love you," I gasped, and then went back into oblivion, I suspect quite happily.
----------------------
Well, yes, Ok, seems obvious, but not to me at the time, even though I should have guessed. Pretty girl was a nurse, albeit a very pretty one, and I was in a hospital of some sort, though I had no idea how I'd got there.
I had a vague memory of a heated discussion going on around me. Something about Mike's trousers and hypocrites and Mary not being there. Didn't make sense, and my head hurt and didn't want to deal with it.
"Hello Dave."
It registered that someone was talking to me so I looked up, hopefully.
"Gwen?"
"Yes honey," this person, another pretty girl responded. "Are you back with us?"
"Think so. Hope so," I smiled back at her, sort of recognising my wife. "What the hell am I doing here?"
"You fell down some stairs Dave," this pretty woman, who I was still trying to register in my brain, told me. "Got a bump on the head, but you're Ok now. We'll be able to take you home as soon as the doctor releases you."
"Home?"
"Yes, sweetheart. Then you've got nothing to worry about."
"Good," I responded aloud.
"Fucking liar," I mumbled silently, under my breath, so the bitch couldn't hear, as the conversation that had taken place around me some time earlier flooded back into my mind.
Trousers. Hypocrite. Hit him so hard. Mary. Hasn't a clue?
I haven't got anything to worry about she'd said?
You must be bloody joking!
-----------------
It might seem pretty obvious to you lot out there reading this drivel, but to me at the time it took some while to put two and two together. The four girls, yes all four of them, had come up with a revenge plan for each of them to bed another man to make things even and for that they needed four willing men. Ok one guy might have done, but that wouldn't have fitted in their plan, would it?
So where were they going to find four willing guys at short notice who they could trust to keep their mouths shut. That, or maybe to know when they were onto a good thing.
I knew my wife had always had a bit of a fancy for Mike, though their flirting had always been pretty innocent, and I'd seen Kim giving Nick the come on when she'd had a few glasses of wine inside her, but was pretty sure that it had never amounted to anything more than that.
Ted and Jilly? No idea but anything was possible, so where did that leave me?
Mary?
The whole thing seemed so preposterous, that I could hardly believe it, but equally all the bits seemed to fit together so well.
Either way I had no idea what to do about it, not sure that I wanted my marriage to end, but at that point maybe more worried this conflict would bring our flourishing business tumbling down just when things looked so good.
What to do?
I decided that I couldn't accuse my wife with the threads of evidence that I'd assembled, and simply didn't trust my three partners and so called friends any more. There seemed only one safe avenue to explore so I found myself heading for the Lion's den once more.
"Mary," it's me Dave," I spoke into the mouthpiece when she answered her phone. "Please don't ring off."
Silence at the other end, but at least no disengaging tone.
"Are you there Mary?" I pleaded. "You're the only one that I can think of to talk to."
"I'm not doing it Dave," she mumbled back to me. "I told them it was a stupid idea at the time and I shouldn't have agreed to it. If we hadn't all had a bit to drink, then I would have never said yes."
"Yes to what Mary?" I asked quietly.
"You know damn well what I'm talking about," she sobbed. "I can't. I won't."
"I don't know what you're talking about Mary," I replied gently. "I have my suspicions, but that's all."
"You really don't know?"
"Scout's honour," I tried to lighten the conversation with. "I'm going out of my mind trying to sort it out. Then I get bashed over the head and end up in hospital. You've got to help me Mary."
"Hospital?"
"It's a long story Mary. Can we meet up please?"
"You don't want to fuck me then Dave," she asked nervously, leaving me with a quandary. Exactly how do you answer a questioned put to you like that by a gorgeous, shapely blonde with legs to die for and tits whose' perfection defied description? Especially one that was just about on the limit of age difference to get away with it, and had put me off watching soft porn for a week, the one time I'd seen her in a bikini.
"I couldn't honestly say no to that question Mary," I answered honestly. "But that's not what this is about. All I need is to talk to you."
"OK," She murmured uncertainly. "I'm free at lunch time. Do you know the Anchor pub on Broard Street?"
"I'll find it," I assured her, and an hour later I entered the busy bar, looking for her.
---------------------
"Over here Dave," she greeted me when I spotted her and waved, sighing at what a fool Mike had been to let such a stunner escape from him. She'd obviously come straight from work to meet me, but even so the shortness of her suit skirt, half way up her thighs, and the hint of lacy bra under her thin white blouse didn't go un-noticed. Not it appeared by the group of guys alongside trying to peer down her top, and certainly not by me either.
"Shall we move over there," I suggested genteelly, realising that as she'd moved over to make room for me, the view being offered to the guys perving her had improved, something that they hadn't missed either.
"It's OK Dave, it'll make their lunchtime, and doesn't do me any harm," she grinned back at me, confirming that she was well aware of what she was revealing. "But thanks for offering. That was sweet of you and they won't try chatting me up now that you're with me."
"You don't mind?" I asked, surprised at her reaction and quite how much the thought of it turned me on as well. "You're showing quite a bit of cleavage there Mary."
"Oh come on now Dave," she chuckled. "Why do you think I dress like this? Why do you think I've left two buttons undone? Why do you think I haven't pulled my skirt back down when I know it's ridden up so high?"
"Point taken. No complaints here." I gulped, never having been aware of Mary behaving like this when we'd she'd been with Mike. Not that she didn't always dress rather sexily, but never before in my presence flaunting it quite so openly.
"So what do you want to know?" Mary asked, straight down to business. "What do you know already?"
"Only that my wife, all three wives have had sex with someone else, and I suspect that I'm the only husband not involved."
"I think you've got it in one," she confirmed. "You got left out because I picked you, but chickened out of the deal. I tried to talk the others out of it when it dawned on me a little later what a stupid idea it was. But it was too late by then, as one of them had jumped the gun."
"One of them?" I queried, a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach, not that it really made much difference in the long run.
"Sorry Dave, it was Gwen," Mary confirmed my fears. "Her and Mike didn't hang around, and I suspect they'd already dabbled a bit beforehand. Not suggesting that he'd bedded her, but I'd be very surprised if he hadn't already had his hand inside her bra once or twice and maybe inside her panties as well."
"Jesus," I exclaimed, genuinely astonished. "I had no idea, no bloody idea at all."
"Did you know that Ted and Jilly had an affair last year?"
"What! I can't believe it," I exclaimed, even more surprised than hearing the dirt on my own wife. "Jilly's such a straight starched woman."
"Not on the inside apparently Dave," Mary grinned at me. "I don't think Kim ever knew about it, but I'm pretty sure Nick did."
"Bloody hell, I've been living in a den of iniquity without knowing it!"
"What about the wife swapping?" Mary continued, clearly enjoying in some perverse way, shocking me with her revelations.
"I don't believe that," I spat out. "Who?"
"Mike, me Gwen and you," she went on, unable to keep her amusement totally hidden.
"Rubbish!" I cried out, totally gobsmacked. "That I would have known about."
"You would have it had actually happened," she agreed, still smiling at my reaction. "It never got beyond the talking stage, but Gwen decided you'd never go for it, and didn't want to take the risk of asking you."
"Just as damn well," I stated firmly. "I would never have gone for it, and I guess that let you off the hook as well Mary."
"What do you mean?" She asked, looking a bit put out.
"You've made it plain that you wouldn't let me fuck you," I reminded her. "Quite publicly in fact. Nearly got my head caved in by those big mates of yours."
"Sorry about that," she sighed. "Caught me at the wrong moment. I was still so pissed off with Mike. Besides, I said I wouldn't let you fuck me. I didn't say that it didn't appeal to me."
As she said that she stared at me, that damn sexy grin returning with a vengeance. I found myself blushing, unsure how to reply.
"To be honest Dave, whether I might actually let you is a bit under review at the moment. I'm really very fussy who I go to bed with, but if you were back on the market, then you'd be very high up on my list."
Ever tried to gulp and cough at the same time?
Well I did and it ends up going up your nose, so the result bought a peal of laughter from my companion.
I desperately needed to change the subject, not because I wasn't enjoying such attention from a beautiful sexy young woman, but because I was unable to find the words to counter her, and the whole thing seemed to be going just too far and too quickly.
"Careful Mary," I warned her, seeing a possible escape. "Another of your buttons has popped open."
"I know," she grinned even more wickedly. "I undid it."
"Your showing even more of your breasts off," I commented, concerned for some reason, but enjoying the view myself.
"I know," she repeated. "It's fun, isn't it?"
"I can see your whole breast," I thought to tell her, my eyes all but popping out as I caught a tantalizing glimpse of a very erect nipple.
"You complaining?" she teased me.
"Those guys up there can see it as well," I pointed out the obvious.
"They're not complaining," she replied, licking her lips deliciously. "Are you?"
"Hardly," I croaked, my throat so dry I had to take an urgent swig of the beer still in front of me.
"Can you just imagine how jealous those guys are of you Dave?" Mary surprised me yet again with.
"Why," I demanded. "They've probably got a better view than I have."
"But they know that's all they're going to get Dave," she taunted me. "They might be able to see my tits, but they're not going to feel them. They're not going to get to suck them, are they?"
"And I am?" I asked incredulously, swallowing deeply, hardly able to believe this conversation.
"Jury's still out on that one Dave," she giggled. "I know where my vote would go, but let's see how things pan out over the next few weeks shall we. Why don't you sort your own situation out and then give me a ring. Besides, I've got to be getting back to work."
"Me to," I agreed reluctantly, not having had so much fun since Tom Hanks fell into the duck pond. "I've got some thinking to do."
"Right," she said, swinging herself around and out of the seat, the hem of her dress riding up high and giving me, and the other guys for that matter, more than a quick glance of the crotch of her panties; white by the way if you're interested.
"Sexy bitch," I whispered to her, knowing she'd done it deliberately.
"Think you could handle a girl who likes to show her naughty bits off in public," she whispered back. "Mike couldn't. It used to upset him, so I had to behave myself."
"I could," I grinned back at her, realising quite how much I would enjoy it. "I'd love it."
"Then get yourself sorted and definitely give me a ring," she ended, reaching up and giving me a kiss, which should have been on my cheek, but rather cheekily missed, and rather pleasantly. "I suggest you do it quickly."
And with that she was gone, with an exaggerated swing of her hips as she walked out, still pulling the hem of her skirt down as she left, to where it should properly have been.
"Bloody hell mate, has she got a sister," I heard from the raised platform just above me where the 'watchers' had positioned themselves to enjoy the best view.
"Or a friend?" joined in one of the others.
"I'll ask her," I joined in the good-humoured banter to show I wasn't annoyed, looking up at them with a huge grin on my face.
"Lucky sod," a third one added, looks of pure jealousy oozing out of them all.
"Aren't I just," I agreed, giving them a wave of my hand and following her out, at least making them think that I was leaving with her.
By God, did I feel good at that moment!
I wasn't sure that I'd got all the answers that I'd been seeking, but somehow in less than an hour, it all didn't seem to matter so much by then, and the future simply didn't look so bleak anymore.
------------------
Now all that had taken place straight after me booking myself out of the hospital, no worse for wear as it turned out fortunately. My wife Gwen didn't even know that I'd left, so when she got home that evening from work, she was surprised to see me sitting there.
"Mike," she called out when she saw me, dropping her bag and running over to me. "When did you get out? I was just going to freshen up and go over to visit you."
"Today," I replied, holding my hand up to stop her from jumping on me. "We need to have a little talk."
"Of course honey," she cooed. "I've missed you so much."
"Enough to stop fucking Mike?" I spat out at her, and she came to a dead halt, her lips quivering, and her face loosing its colour.
"Well Gwen! Enough to stop fucking Mike?" I repeated. "Enough to ask him not to bash me over the head again?"
Gwen stood there staring at me in shock, almost seeming to age before my eyes, her mouth opening and closing but no intelligible words coming out.
"Cat got your tongue Gwen?" I carried on harshly. "How the hell did you think you'd get away with it? The six of you fucking one another and leaving your poor, damn, clueless husband in the dark."
"It wasn't like that honey," Gwen eventually sobbed. "I swear I've only been with Mike. I promised you it would only be with one other man."
"You promised me it would only be the one time as well," I reminded her. "What the fuck happened to that promise?"
"How do you ....." Which is far as she got, realising that the cat was truly out of the bag, dropping her head as the first tears started to roll down her cheeks.
"I more or less figured it out for myself," I started to answer her unfinished question. "Mary told me the rest."
"That bitch," she flared up angrily, looking back up at me. "If she'd kept her word. If she'd not chickened out, then none of this would have been necessary."
"You stupid cow," I spat at her disdainfully. "Do you really think I would have gone along with it? Do you really think I would have let that big, stupid bugger Mike fuck my wife and not gone after him?"
"Nick and Ted went along with it," she mumbled unhappily.
"Ted was already fucking Jilly," I continued, as if it was common knowledge. "And Kim's been making eyes at Nick for months."
"You know about Ted and Jilly?" Gwen asked, eyes wide, obviously shocked that I did.
"So did Nick," I ventured, unsure that he did. "But how's Kim going to react when she finds out that she was late to the show? That her loving husband was knocking up one of her best friends."
"Oh God Dave," my wife pleaded, the tears reappearing. "She doesn't know. She mustn't know. She was the hardest to convince and if she discovered we'd deceived her she'd kick Ted out."
"Serve the pair of them right," I snapped, an idea forming for a little later on that day. "What about you Gwen? How long had you been fucking Mike before our fishing trip?"
I hadn't Dave," she cried, tears now falling freely down her cheeks. "I swear to you we hadn't."
"Could you also swear that he'd never felt up you tits as well Gwen?" I pushed on, my accusations striking home, causing Gwen to drop her head and start to sob loudly.
"How about swearing that he'd never had his hands inside your panties Gwen? How about that?"
That bought no response and certainly no denial, and by then I was on a roll.
"How about telling me you've never wanked him off Gwen," I screamed at her, having no idea whether she had or not, though her lack of denial told me volumes.
"How about the blow-jobs Gwen," I ground on. "Did he enjoy you sucking him off, did he?"
"Nooo," she cried between sobs. "I didn't do that Dave, I swear to you."
I actually believed her that time, as the only times she'd ever done that for me were so infrequent that they felt like birthday presents. But I wasn't finished with her.
"Maybe you never sucked him off before, but what about since Gwen. Can you also swear that his cock has never been in your mouth since you've been fucking one another?"
At that point I had to break my ranting off, striding quickly to the downstairs toilet to puke up in the pan. My last question had provoked nothing other than another outburst of crying, confirming my accusations of what she'd done for him that she professed to dislike doing for me, her husband. Worse of all, wondering how many times in the last few months I'd kissed those lips that had been wrapped round Mike's cock, possibly not a long time previously.
YUK!
--------------------
By the time I'd managed to control my heaving, my guts threatening to come up and disappear into the pan, every time my minds eye pictured my lips and tongue following the same route as Mike's cock, then I needed to wash my mouth out and freshen myself up. That done, with a heavy heart I made my way back into the living room, uncertain how to do it, but knowing that sooner or later I would be announcing the end of our marriage.
When I got there, she'd gone. I assumed that Gwen had gone up to our bedroom to cry her eyes out as she'd seen her comfortable life dissolving before her eyes, but I simply couldn't raise the enthusiasm to climb the stairs to check it out. To be honest at that moment, I couldn't give a damn where she was, or what she was doing, and decided that my life having been ruined, then I'd wreck a couple of others as well.
I was lucky to get Kim on the phone when I rang Ted's house, and of course she greeted me happily like the good friends that she thought we still were.
I soon put her straight on that point!
"I know Kim," I announced firmly, ignoring her questions as to how was I feeling following my fall. "I know I didn't fall and I know who hit me. I know you six bastards have been fucking one another behind my back, and I know who's been fucking who."
"Oh!" she murmured, but then fell silent.
"I also know something that you don't know Kim," I went on blindly. "I know that your husband Ted has been having an affair with Jilly behind your back for the last year or more. I know they've been fuck buddies and I know they set you up with Nick so that they could continue without getting caught."
"That can't be true Dave," Kim wailed. "Nick and me have only done it twice, and I've felt so guilty that I've told him it's over."
"Over for you, but not for them Kim," I slammed into her. "They've been having sex in Ted's office, at sleazy hotels, even in the damn park and at your house as far as I know, and it's been going on since last summer."
I was back on the roll, and inventing things as I went along, no idea if they were all true or not, and not caring, simply wanting her to hate him.
"I don't believe you Dave," Kim sobbed unhappily, though it was pretty obvious she was beginning to.
"Where is he now?" I demanded, her silence confirming that one place that he wasn't, was at home.
"I'll tell you where he is Kim," I carried on, my mind desperately trying to conjure up some suitable place that seemed feasible. "The pair of them are at that show house we've just finished. Did you know it's all now furnished? Did you know there's a big king sized bed in there?"
"I know," she wailed back, though quite how she knew I had no idea, because in reality I didn't know that myself. "The bastard! Her as well! Damn the pair of them! It's not the first time he's strayed, but it's the last time as far as I'm concerned."
That was news to me, and I choked back the next invention that I'd already thought up.
"I'll divorce the bastard," Kim carried on ranting. "I'll take him for everything he's got. I'll throw him out of the house. He'll never see the kids again. I'll get my revenge. That's it, I'll get my revenge."
"Good for you," I encouraged her.
"How about you Dave?" She turned the talk in a direction I'd never expected. "I need to get my revenge. Do you want to fuck me?"
"Me?"
"Yes you Dave," she screamed. "Gwen's always going on about how good you are in bed when we complain about our husbands. D'you want to show me how good you are?"
Bloody hell!
That was a double wammy out of the blue. How should I react to that?
"Maybe I could take a rain cheque on that Kim," I somewhat reluctantly half turned her down, aware that if she discovered how much of my information was made up, then she may cut my cock off rather than stick it somewhere warm and inviting. "I really need to sort my own situation out before I get involved with anyone else."
"Ok," she growled. "I understand, but promise me you'll think about it."
"I'll certainly think about it Kim," I promised her, and grinned as I realised that unlike earlier I was speaking the truth. Kim was a pretty little thing, just a few pounds overweight but in the right places. Her tits were pretty huge, bigger than I'd normally go for, but I was sure I could make allowances.
Yes Kim, I thought after I'd put the phone down. I'll be thinking about that!
------------------
Well that was one down and four to go. No not five, my feelings against Kim seeming to have levelled off somewhat, a mixture of her being the least keen of the six to get involved, plus her offer. Yes, that's right, I was already thinking about that.
Make that three in fact, as besides Ted, my own wife Gwen was already a casualty, though she had more heartache yet to come.
Little did I know however that the events I'd already set in motion were going to take on a life of their own, and that Kim was going to do the dirty work for me to take some revenge on Nick and Jilly.
Little did I know that after ending our phone call, the feisty little Kim had literally gathered up her rolling pin, stormed out of the house and drove up to the new show house.
Little did I know, or for a moment suspect, that my false accusations of where Ted and Jilly were at that moment had an unexpected grain of truth in them. They probably hadn't been' doing the nasty' in the king sized bed at the house, but they were there when Kim arrived. They had every right to be there as it happened, Jilly having been involved in furnishing the house, and Ted of course keeping the paperwork right, but of course Kim didn't give them time to explain that. She rushed them and waded in, knocking Ted senseless and ending up in a real catfight with Jilly, who unlike Ted, had time to defend herself.
In this modern age of course, a member of the public was there with an I-phone, an all singing and dancing I-phone 5, and I can imagine his disbelief as he, whoever he was, stood there watching Jilly and Kim fighting at one another, screaming and cursing as they grappled and tore at each other, and more interestingly as far as the internet was concerned, at one another's clothes. Jilly was taller and stronger than Kim, but unfortunately for her more flimsily dressed, and by the time the police arrived to break it up, the pair of them were flopping about completely knackered, Kim with her more than generous tits out on display, but Jilly with little more than her panties left.
The Internet video was a hit, first on U-tube, and then it went viral (whatever that means -- sorry but I'm simply not of that generation)
Jilly's family saw the results, and her big brother (read very big brother), decided for some reason that it was all his brother in law's fault. Big brother ended up in the clink, but Nick ended up the local hospital, the very same one that I'd recently left, but in a somewhat worse state than I'd been in.
I figured justice had been done, except of course for Mike and he had his day coming. Meanwhile it was back to my house to confront Gwen, who I gave twenty-four hours to get out of the house.
"We can get past this Dave," she pleaded, sticking her admittedly fine breasts out at me, in an attempt to sway my opinion. Unfortunately for her, the only things swaying that day were those rather fine tits of hers, and they simply didn't cut it, so twenty-four hours it remained.
Less than half of that time later and she returned with no one less than Mike himself, to help her to persuade me to change my mind. I'm not sure what Mike had hit me with on that auspicious day, but I found that a seven iron served the purpose equally well.
Like the big brother, I also spent two nights at her majesties pleasure, while Mike was in a ward just down the corridor from Nick. I know this because I was told, and not because I visited them, I can assure you, and when I got back to our house, then Gwen had flown the nest, never to bother me again, and for me, that just about bought that chapter in my life to end.
Our building company?
It went bust, and the final cherry on the cake was that the other three had guaranteed the loans from the bank two months before I'd decided to join them, and we'd never got round to getting the paperwork put right.
Tough shit eh?
-------------------
Now I don't want to gloat, but ..... Well, yes Ok maybe I do. But I didn't exactly come off totally unscathed myself. I'd lost my principal means of support, but what the hell, when our divorce came up, it was based on my situation at that point in time, and Gwen's hopes of living off me were squashed.
Though I thought about it, and I thought about it long and hard, I never took up Kim's offer and therefore never sampled the delights of her undeniably attractive body, but of course there were other fish in the sea
-----------------
"Is that you Dave?" --- It was the phone again.
"Hi Mary," I answered, a smile spreading across my face. "I've been thinking about you."
"Just thinking?" She queried. "I heard you're divorcing Gwen. Why not more than just thinking?"
"Got to find a job," I informed her soberly. "Can't date a beautiful girl with no money in my pocket."
"My dad wants to meet you," she surprised me with. "I've told him all about you."
"Your dad?"
"Yes Dave. My dad worked with Mike's dad years ago. They were both carpenters on building sites and did their apprenticeships together."
"Mike's dad?"
"Yes, that's how we met. Dad's looking for someone to take the load off him and Mike's dad suggested him. He wasn't really right for the job, but I met him and the rest is history."
"But Mike's not a carpenter and nor am I," I pointed out, the whole thing moving along a bit quickly for me to take it in.
"Nor's my dad now, Dave," she giggled. "Don't you know my name is Mary Driscoll?"
"You're kidding me."
"Not at all."
"Driscoll construction? Really?"
"Family business Dave, and dad wants to retire in four or five years time."
"The biggest building company in the region," I found myself mumbling.
"Got it in one," Mary chuckled reminding me of more unhappy times. "I've told dad that I'd conduct the initial interview. Are you free this evening?"
"I guess I could be."
---------------------
So that's how I found myself sitting there in the Anchor pub, the very same one that I'd met Mary in the first time. She was fashionably late, and I sensed her arrival by the silence that descended over the corner of the bar where I'd settled.
The sight that greeted my eyes as she approached will be engraved in my memory forever, as I tried to ignore the groans and mutters of male appreciation all around me.
"Been waiting long Dave?" Mary greeted me with.
"Worth waiting for," I replied, dry mouthed. "Did you forget your bra or something?"
"I'm out for the evening," she sang back without a care in the world. "I only ever wear a bra during the day at work."
"With a see through blouse?" I queried, blinking in disbelief, remembering our last meeting.
"Oh come on Dave. It's not completely see-through, just a bit sort of cheeky."
"I like cheeky," I sighed, watching her hard nipples trace patterns in the front of her blouse, gulping as her already very short skirt rose up to the top of her thighs as she sat down opposite me.
"Like what you see?" Mary smiled sexily, wriggling in her seat to make herself comfortable, her little pelmet of a skirt rising even higher.
"You're about to display your panties to all and sundry," I warned her, thoroughly enjoying myself.
"Not possible," she grinned wickedly. "They're strictly day-time wear as well. Do you have a problem with that?"
"None at all darling. None at all."
"Great," Mary responded, leaning over to bestow a big sloppy kiss on me, and giving who knows what sort of views to the guys sat behind her. "You're just my sort of man Dave. I think we're going to have a really exciting relationship, don't you?"
I did!
I grinned.
I nodded my agreement.
I wondered if I could handle the beautiful and daring, new young woman in my life, but I was going to do my level best to make the most of it. Either way, I just knew that I was about to have the time of my life, and I couldn't wait to get started.
++++++++++++
Don't forget folks, Dave's not me. I've never even met the guy. Hope you enjoyed the story though.