Rachel came over, and I let her in. We'd agreed to work on some videos for her web site, and she was dressed in black yoga pants and a sweatshirt. She had on her black bob wig. She also had on the black ribbon necklace that she knows I like.
As she had requested, I was wearing sweat pants and a sweatshirt.
Her shirt had the elastic at the bottom cut off so I could just see her navel, and I looked at that quizzically.
"Watch," she said, and lifted her arms above her head. I could see a little underboob, so it was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra.
She jumped in the air, and I saw a flash of her nipples.
"Panties?" I asked.
She turned away from me and bent forwards, then pulled her yoga pants down to her thighs. She was wearing a black thong.
"What did you have in mind?"
"I thought we could go out, and see what happens," she said, pulling her yoga pants up. She handed me her bag and I put it over my shoulder, picked up my wallet, phone and keys, and headed for the door.
"Oh, can you bring your GoPro?"
I went and grabbed the camera, and dropped it in my pocket.
We walked down the high street, with her leaving me to walk in front and turn and flash me from time to time. I was recording her with my phone when she did.
I followed her in to the department store where Anne worked. Being early, and mid week, it was quiet. Rachel wandered around the aisles pretending to browse, with me videoing her while she occasionally pulled up her shirt, flashing her tits at me. When there was nobody about, she'd pull her yoga pants down, showing me her panties.
She pulled her yoga pants down to her thighs, showing me her panties again, and did a little twirl. Then she pulled her panties down as well, and twirled again to show her butt and pussy. She stood facing me, and pulled her shirt up so I could see her tits, too. She came over to me and knelt down, pulling my sweat pants down and grabbing my dick. She licked it and sucked the head into her mouth, then let go and stood up. She turned around and backed onto me for a few thrusts, then stopped, covering herself up again. She bent over and licked my dick clean.
I saw Anne, and pointed her out, pulling my sweats up. Rachel waved to her, and I lifted her shirt the rest of the way so Anne would see her tits. She came over and joined us, giving Rachel a kiss.
"Hello baby," she said, stroking Rachel's face. "I almost didn't recognize you with that hair. What brings you here today?"
"We're not really shopping for anything," said Rachel, "we're just out having fun."
They both looked around a little, then Rachel said "I could try on some dresses."
We started over towards the women's section, and suddenly Rachel pulled Anne aside.
"Hey, could we put a camera in the ceiling vent in one of the changing rooms?"
"You only want to video yourself?"
"Obviously," said Rachel.
"I'm sure we could organize something. Give me the camera, and go and grab a few dresses to try on," said Anne.
I put the GoPro on standby, gave it to her and we went to the changing rooms. I watched as she took a step ladder into one of the changing rooms. I saw the light in there flicker, and sat down to wait over by an older gentleman.
I looked up as Anne put the step ladder away, and Rachel breezed up with three dresses on hangers. Anne pointed towards the changing room she'd just left, and said "changing room number two is available, miss."
I pulled my phone out, and started the camera recording. Anne came over and looked over my shoulder.
"What is that, YouTube?" she said loudly, as we watched Rachel getting undressed.
She'd already taken her sweatshirt off, and was sitting down taking off her sneakers and socks. She stood up and pulled her yoga pants off, then took her thong panties off and dropped them obviously on the top of the pile of clothes.
"She's shaved," Anne said to me quietly as she sat down next to me. I just nodded, still watching.
She put her sneakers and socks back on, then picked up the first dress. It was a short little red dress, and she stepped into it, pulling it up and putting her arms through the shoulder straps. Despite there being a mirror in the changing room, she then came through the door and turned towards us. I was recording her with my phone, while Anne and I were watching the feed from the GoPro on the screen. We didn't look at her.
She walked up to the older guy, and said "can you zip me up please, sir?"
She turned around, so you could see her bare back. The guy stood up, reached out and pulled the zip up, brushing his hands down her back when he was finished. She turned around and thanked him, then went and looked at herself in the mirror.
"What do you think?" she asked him.
"It's very nice," he said.
"Can you unzip me?"
She backed into him, and he did, this time his hand brushed her hip as she started back to her changing room. We went back to the camera feed, and we watched her shrug the red dress off and stand there in just her sneakers while she hung it up. She collected a dark blue dress, and stepped in to it. Once the straps were over her shoulders, she opened the door. The old guy was standing there by her door, smiling, waiting for her. I saw him glance over her shoulder at her clothes in the pile. He'd known from her bare back that she wasn't wearing a bra, but now he probably knew that she wasn't wearing panties either.
She turned her back to him, rubbing her butt against him and he pulled the zip up, his hands stroking her bare back as he did so. She turned and looked at herself in the mirror.
"You like?" she asked him.
"Yes," he said as she turned her back so he could unzip her again.
He brushed his hands across the small of her back as he got to the bottom, then stroked her butt as she turned and smiled at him. She went back into the changing room.
We watched on the phone as she shrugged the dress off again without checking that the door was closed. The door swung closed, but wasn't locked, and she stepped out of the dress and went to hang it up.
I looked up as another changing room door opened, and it was the guy's wife. She bustled past him with an armful of what looked like sweaters.
"I'll catch up to you," he said as she left him behind.
Anne and I watched Rachel step in to her last dress. It was black, and strapless. She pulled it up, and stepped out, holding the front of it to her. The old guy was waiting, and she smiled at him and turned her back so he could zip her up. He was right up against her and she leant forward to allow him to pull up the zip, rubbing her butt against his crotch as she did so. His hands rested on her shoulders for a second as she straightened up and stepped away to the mirror.
"Which do you prefer?" she asked him, over her shoulder, looking at herself in the mirror.
"I like this one," he said, "but you should try it with heels and stockings."
"Maybe later," she said. "Can you unzip me?"
He did, and she wasn't holding the front, so the dress fell away from her. She caught it around her waist, and threw her arm across her tits, covering them. You could see her butt as she scurried over to her changing room. The old guy followed her to the room, his hand holding the door open.
"Are you OK?" he asked her, stepping in.
"Yes," she said.
We were watching on the phone as the dress fell on the floor around her feet, leaving her in just her sneakers.
She turned and bent over and picked up the dress, showing him her butt and pussy, then stood up and turned towards him, putting it back on the hanger. He was reaching for her as she turned back to him, and she smiled as he grabbed her tits and squeezed them.
We watched as she knelt down in front of him, and rubbed up and down his dick through his pants. He undid his belt, and she unzipped him and pulled his dick out. She licked her lips before putting the head in her mouth. She ran her hand up and down his shaft as she bobbed her mouth over the head. It didn't take long before he was cumming in her mouth, and she looked up at the vent with her mouth open to show his cum before making a show of swallowing it, then opening her mouth again to show it gone. He obviously thought this was for his benefit, and thanked her before zipping up and leaving.
As he hurried past us to catch up to his wife, Anne patted me on the shoulder before grabbing the step ladder and going into the changing room.
I was back to watching my phone as Anne walked in and opened the step ladder and sat down on it. Rachel had got up, but was still not wearing any clothes. Anne pulled Rachel over to her, and tilted her head back slightly so she could suck her nipples, one at a time, gently.
She stroked her butt and licked her clit a few times, then stood up, got on the ladder and took the GoPro down from the vent.
She picked up the ladder, then said "do you want me to put those away?", pointing at the dresses on the hanger.
Rachel just nodded dumbly, standing there naked, and Anne picked them up and left. She put the ladder away and handed me the GoPro, then went to put the dresses back.
I turned the GoPro off, then looked up as Rachel came out of the changing room, dressed.
"God," she said, "I'm so fucking turned on right now."
Anne was coming back over to us.
"What would you like to do next?" she asked us.