Bill was having the last of his pizza when he heard Ellen's car drop his wife off out front. It was a little after 10:00 pm, about what she had predicted. His wife, Amy, had been out for drinks with her long-time friend Ellen. Ellen was going through a divorce and Amy had become a listening companion and drinking buddy for the past month. He heard Ellen's car pull away and he got up to greet his wife at the front door.
He opened the door and found his wife squatted on the lawn near the front porch. Her black dress had been hiked up over her hips and her pussy was fully exposed to him. She was holding her panties in her hand. And she was peeing onto the lawn just beside the flowerbed.
"Amy, are you drunk?"
"No! I'm not drunk. I needed to pee, and I'm peeing." She continued to keep her knees spread apart and a strong stream of liquid flowed from between her legs onto the lawn.
"You sure you're not drunk? Our bathrooms work fine you know."
"I know, but I felt like peeing on the lawn." Her stream dwindled and she was done. She used her panties to dab herself dry and then dropped them.
"Now I want to fuck."
"OK. Come inside. I think I can help you with that."
"No. I want to fuck out here."
"You want to fuck out here? Don't you think someone might see us?" He really thought she might be drunk. Although it wasn't like her to over-do it.
"Yes, someone might see us. That's why I want to do it out here." She got up and walked to the front door. She reached in and flipped the wall switch so that the front porch light came on illuminating the porch and the grassy area where her panties still lay. She returned to the lawn and got down on all fours. She hiked her skirt up above her hips again revealing her bare ass and pussy lips. "I know someone might see us. That's what makes it exciting. Now come and fuck me." She wiggled her ass which Bill found creamy and inviting in the light of the porch.
Bill had no resistance where she was concerned. He got on his knees behind her and undid his pants. His cock sprung out, hard (no surprise). "You're sure you're not drunk?"
"NO! I'm not drunk. OK, Tipsy. I've just sat drinking with Ellen for three hours while she talked about how much sex she hopes to have now that she's becoming single. She can be quite graphic. So I got home needing to pee badly and wanting to be fucked badly. You suggested someone might see us which has only made me more horny." She wiggled her ass at him again. "I'm not going inside 'till you make me come, so if you don't want anyone to see us, start fucking!"
Her logic was flawed but his ability to reason had slipped away as he admired the ass she was presenting to him. He slid his cock into her waiting opening and began thrusting.
"Oh your cock. Mmm Mmmm. That's exactly what I needed. Fuck me Bill. Make me come." She remained on hands and knees and began thrusting back toward him.
Although the street they lived on didn't have much traffic this time of night, it wasn't unusual for an occasional car to drive by, and one did so now.
Bill continued to slide in and out of Amy. "I think that car may have seen us."
The car slowed and then pulled over to the curb in front of the neighbor's house. It sat there with the engine idling.
"I think whoever's in that car is watching us."
"Do you think so? God that makes me horny. Keep fucking, I'm going to come."
Bill's dick voted with Amy. He began thrusting harder sliding his cock into her its full length. She dropped her head down causing her hair to cascade toward the lawn. She arched her back.
"Yes baby. Yes!! I'm coming. Fuck! Make me come!"
He joined her in coming and his cock started spurting, filling her pussy. When he was done he slid out of her and she turned around still on her hands and knees.
The car continued to sit and idle.
She took his soft cock in her mouth and sucked all the liquid off of it. It was a combination of his cum and the juice from her pussy. The same mix of fluids was dripping down the inside of her thighs. She enjoyed the sensation. The night's air was causing her wet pussy to chill. She loved all of it.
She stood. "Thank you. You are such a good fucker." She kissed him and opened the front door.
The car pulled away and continued on down the street.
Bill followed his wife into the house. He closed the front door and turned off the porch light. God, how he loved her.
The next day Ellen had come over to Amy's for lunch. "We had fun last night, didn't we?" Ellen said.
Amy took a bite of her sandwich. "And I had even more fun when I got home." She looked up at Ellen trying to seem shy.
"You and Bill?"
Amy nodded slowly.
"Details. I want details."
"Well, he caught me peeing on the front lawn." She paused for another bite.
"And why were you peeing on the front lawn?"
"I was really horny, and I just felt like it. And Bill caught me. Well, not really 'caught', I didn't care if he saw me. In fact when he saw me it only made me more horny. And I told him I wanted him to fuck me in the front yard, and he did."
"And you weren't afraid that someone might see you? This is very exciting." She took a sip of white wine.
"Bill was worried about that, but it just made it all the more exciting for me. So we fucked. I was on my hands and knees on the lawn and he fucked me from behind and it was so good." She rolled her eyes and took the last bite of her sandwich.
"And no one saw you?"
"Well, that's what I wanted to talk to you about. Someone did see us. A car stopped and I think whoever was in it was watching us have sex. But instead of stopping, I just really got turned on and I convinced Bill to keep going until I had a climax. I think maybe I liked having someone watch me have sex." She looked over at Ellen to gauge her reaction.
Ellen took another sip of wine. "Well, I'm almost afraid to ask, but what did you want to talk to me about?"
"I want to know if you'd watch me have sex. With Bill. I want to find out if it's as exciting as I think it might be."
"And Bill is OK with this?"
"Bill doesn't know about it yet. But you'd be OK watching? You wouldn't mind seeing Bill naked, right?"
"No, I admit I wouldn't. Bill's handsome enough and seeing him naked, with an erection? Yes I think I could do that. It's certainly more exciting than anything I've done in the last eight years with Jim."
"So you'll do it?" You'll watch Bill and me have sex tonight?"
"Tonight?! You do move quickly Amy! Well, maybe. How are you going to tell Bill?"
"Oh, I just need to get his cock hard and he'll agree with anything. This is exciting!"
Bill came in for dinner and found Amy and Ellen in the kitchen. Amy was just dishing up spaghetti for everyone. "Hi Honey! Ellen's staying for dinner."
"Great!" Bill took a seat at the end of the table. Ellen was sitting at the other end. "Hi Ellen. I hear you and Amy had fun last night."
Amy finished serving everyone and took her seat.
Ellen said "Yes. I hear you and Amy had fun last night as well."
Bill looked over at his wife.
"We're having spaghetti," Amy said changing the subject.
"I see that. It looks good." Bill took a sip of red wine.
"Then we're going to fuck." Amy looked at Bill.
"You and Ellen? Really?"
"No! Not me and Ellen! Me and YOU.We'regoing to fuck," She paused. "And Ellen's going to watch."
She started eating her spaghetti.
Bill looked at his wife who was pretending to ignore him.
He looked at Ellen. She just gave him a little shrug.
He took a larger sip of wine. "And you're OK with this?" he asked Ellen.
"I guess I am if you are. It's her idea. I'm just being a supportive friend."
"What's this about?" he asked Amy.
Amy took a breath. "Well last night we were having sex in the front yard, and that car was watching us, and it made me really excited. And I've been thinking about it all day and I think I like the idea of someone watching while you and I fuck and so I asked Ellen if she would so I can find out if I do and she said she would. And I really want to try it and I think it might be fun. Or exciting. Or both. Will you?"
She went back to eating her spaghetti while she stared at him waiting for an answer.
Bill shook his head. "You constantly surprise me."
"So you will?"
Bill looked at Ellen. He then answered Amy. "I might. It's weird, but intriguing. I'm not sure if it's a good idea, but it seems to be something you're curious about, and I like to encourage your sense of sexual adventure. Let's finish dinner and I'll think about it. You are really planning on doing this tonight?"
"Yes after dinner. Think about it. I think you'll like the idea."
They went back to eating.
When she was almost finished, Amy got out of her chair and started unbuttoning her shirt. She dropped it to the floor. "I think I'll finish my dinner in my underwear." She unzipped her skirt and also let it fall to the floor. She slipped out of her shoes and got back in her chair, wearing only a bra and panties, and she resumed eating.
Bill looked at her. He loved seeing his wife in her underwear. And she knew it. He finished his wine.
Across the table, Ellen got up and pulled her sweater over her head revealing a very large lacy blue bra. She unzipped her jeans and pulled them down. "Me too. It looks comfortable." When she got back in her chair she also was wearing only her underwear. She resumed eating.
Amy asked her friend "Ellen, would you refill Bill's wine glass?" Bill looked up.
Ellen got up, picked up the wine bottle, and walked around the table to Bill. She poured wine into his glass. Her large bra showed a lot of cleavage, and it was just at Bill's eye-level. Ellen finished pouring the wine but stood there a minute longer affording Bill a good look.
She then returned to her chair.
"And where will we have this sex?" Bill asked.
"Amy locked eyes with Ellen. She felt assured of victory. Then she turned to Bill. "I thought the living room. I started a fire earlier and it should be nice and cozy. And there's lots of places where Ellen could sit to watch."
She then turned to her friend. "Come on Ellen. Let's arrange the room. Bill, why don't you clear the dishes and then come join us. And bring another bottle of wine."
Amy got up and took Ellen's hand. They made their way toward the living room. Bill watched them go and started clearing.
As they walked Amy looked down at Ellen's panties. "I've always thought that you have a lovely pussy. It's puffy."
"Ha! Well Jim sure never got much use out of it. It's wetter now than it's been in a long time."
Amy leaned over and gave her friend a kiss on the cheek.
In the living room they placed pillows on the floor where they might be useful. "I think you should sit in that chair over there, OK? And I'll start here on the sofa."
Ellen sat on the chair and placed her wine glass on the table beside her. Amy sat on the sofa and took a drink of her wine. It wasn't long before Bill came in to join them.
"Two beautiful women in their underwear. This may turn out to be a dream." Then to Amy "What do you want me to do?"
"Don't worry. I think you'll know what to do. Start by coming over here and kissing me." She stood.
Bill joined her and they began to kiss. Amy used her tongue and Bill did the same. As they kissed, Amy could feel Bill's cock harden, pressing through his pants and against her panties. She continued to kiss him and moved her hips so that they rubbed against his pants.
Amy broke the kiss and sat. "Mmmm. I think this is going to go well. Bill and Amy both looked over at Ellen. She was already massaging one of her breasts through her bra. Both of her nipples stood out aroused.
Amy undid her bra and threw it out onto the floor. She then leaned forward and started unbuckling Bill's belt. Once done, she undid his pants and then pulled both his pants and his underwear down to his ankles.
"Take those off. And the shoes and socks. Then come back here." Bill sat on the sofa beside Amy and undressed except for his shirt. Amy drank some wine and looked at Ellen. She also spread her legs so that Ellen could see how wet her underwear and inner thighs were becoming. Ellen smiled and spread her legs as well showing off her damp pussy to Amy. Ellen was now rubbing both breasts and fingering her hard nipples.
Bill returned to his position in front of Amy wearing only his shirt. But now his cock was erect. "Come here," Amy said. She took his erect penis in one hand and guided it into her mouth. She started to suck and cover it with her saliva. Bill reacted by reaching down and caressing one of Amy's bare breasts.
Amy slid her mouth all the way off Bill's cock. It was even more erect now. Bill continued to stare at his wife and caress her breast.
Amy held Bill's eyes but spoke to Ellen. "He loves my tits, don't you honey? And I love his cock."
She then looked over at Ellen. "Don't you think he has a lovely cock?" Then back to Bill. "Turn so she can see it."
Bill turned profile to Ellen and Amy began sucking his cock again. Bill was becoming very aroused and his hips started moving in and out as Amy sucked him. She took one of her hands and started stroking his cock even as she continued to suck it. Her saliva made it very slippery.
Bill was wondering if she was going to bring him to climax when suddenly she stopped.
"OK baby. I want you to lick my pussy now." She took a sip of wine and lay back against the back of the sofa with her legs spread wide. Her underwear was very wet but it was still covering her vagina. Bill took a drink of his wine and then positioned himself between her legs. He slid his hands under her ass and she lifted up allowing him to slide her panties off. He dropped them on the carpet beside him and then pressed his mouth against her pussy and began to lick. Her clit was already swollen and he massaged it with his tongue.
"Oh that is so fucking good. I'm going to move so that Ellen can see." She angled herself against the arm of the sofa and put one foot on a cushion. Bill adjusted and now slid one finger into her opening as he sucked her clit gently into his mouth. She lay back in pleasure and then looked over to see Ellen watching them.
Ellen now had one hand in her panties and was rubbing her pussy. She was inserting one of her fingers into her wet opening as she and Amy watched each other. Amy started moving her hips as Bill's tongue worked her toward a climax.
"Just keep doing that baby. You're going to make me come. That's what I want. Make me come. I want Ellen to see me come."
She pinched her nipples and pressed her hips as hard as she could against Bill's face and Bill pressed back. And then she came.
"Fuck yes. That's it. Fuck! Fuck!" She clamped Bills head between her thighs and slid her hand down between them to protect her sensitive clit from any more stimulation. Bill sat back, his cock still very hard.
Amy looked over at Ellen. She was staring at Bill's cock, still masturbating.
"Ok Amy said and jumped up. Time to fuck!" She got on all fours sideways to Ellen. She turned to Bill. "Fuck me like you did last night. Let me feel your cock."
Bill, still on his knees, positioned himself behind Amy, sideways to Ellen. He looked down at his wife's ass. It was a view that always turned him on. Her pussy was swollen and wet. Her ass was soft and round. She was arching her back so that she was presenting it all to him. He didn't even need to use his hand for help. His cock slid smoothly in and he started fucking her.
"Oh Bill, fuck me just like that." She was pumping against him feeling him bump against her ass as his cock reached its full insertion each stroke.
"Can you see Ellen? Can you see my pussy?" She looked over at Ellen who was still masturbating with her panties on.
Ellen responded. "I can see your pussy. I can see his cock sliding in and out of your pussy. His cock looks like it's so hard."
Bill let his cock slide all the way out of Amy and then forcefully shoved it all the way back in. He did this every stroke knowing he was on the verge of coming.
"Come on my ass baby. Let Ellen see your cock come on my ass."
Bill let his cock slide all the way out of her pussy and then he began to stroke it. It only took a couple of strokes before cum started shooting out, landing on Amy's lower back and her beautiful ass.
Amy used one of her hands to bring herself to climax as she felt Bill's cum spurt onto her.
"Can you see Ellen? Oh God I'm so turned on. I'm coming so hard." She collapsed onto the rug. Bill's cock finished and he lay back against the sofa, a dribble of cum leaking from his softening penis.
Ellen came. She hadn't masturbated with this much enthusiasm for years. She had started to come and then she had just kept rubbing her pussy, and she kept coming and coming. It was glorious.
Amy used her panties to clean most of the cum off her back and ass.
She tossed her soiled panties into the middle of the room. "That was fucking amazing. I loved it. I was so turned on! How was it for you Bill?"
Bill looked at Amy. "Fucking you is always amazing. Everything you do makes me so hard."
"Was it weird for you Ellen?" Amy asked.
"It was great for me."
Bill was still wearing just a shirt, and his penis was now pretty limp. He sat on the sofa near Amy. He asked her "So did you learn what you wanted?"
She looked across at Ellen and smiled. "I learned I love having Ellen watch me be fucked. I'm still turned on." Bill Laughed.
She then asked Ellen "What turned you on the most?"
Ellen smiled. "Seeing Bill go down on you. I've never had oral sex. It looked so exciting." She actually looked a bit embarrassed to be sharing this.
"What?" Amy was now sitting up. You've never had oral sex? Seriously?"
"I was married for eight years. Jim wouldn't do it. I don't know if he didn't like the smell. Or the taste. Maybe it was just my pussy. I don't know what the problem was. But no. I've never had my pussy licked."
Amy looked at Bill and then back at Ellen. "What a dick he was! You poor thing. I love oral sex. And you could see that Bill knows just how to push my buttons. Or I should say 'button'." She smiled over at Bill.
Then Amy's eyes widened. "Bill, you have to give her oral sex. Do it. Now."
Ellen was taken aback. "No, No. That is NOT why I told you. Don't make Bill do things he doesn't want. That's not how I want my first oral sex experience."
Amy looked at Bill with exasperation, then back at Ellen. "Ellen! Spread your legs apart and show Bill your damp panties and pussy. Bill! Look at Ellen's pussy."
Ellen now really was embarrassed. "Amy, you don't have to..."
"Stop. Bill's going to look at your pussy and he won't be able to stop himself from thinking about licking it and his dick's going to get hard. Bill! Think about licking Ellen's pussy through her underwear! I dare you not to get a hard-on."
They both looked over at Bill expectantly. Ellen couldn't help herself, she spread her legs and pointed her pussy in his direction.
Bill couldn't help himself either. He looked down at Ellen's panties and her wet thighs and his cock started to grow rigid.
"Ha! See? He wants to. Bill! Show her how good your tongue is. I'm going to watch."
Bill kneeled down and spread Ellen's legs apart. He could smell her, and it made him even harder. He leaned in and forced his tongue past her panties and into her vagina. He started to lick.
Ellen leaned back in the chair and let him do whatever he wanted with her. She started stimulating her nipples as she felt him slide her damp panties off. He dropped them on the rug and then returned his attention to her bare pussy.
To her it felt glorious. He continued to flick her clit and slide his fingers in and out of her until she couldn't take it any longer. She got out of the chair and moved away from Bill positioning herself on all fours on the floor just in front of Amy. She looked back over her shoulder, her ass pointing at Bill.
"Amy! You have to let him fuck me. My pussy really needs it. I need to be fucked."
Bill looked at Amy. Amy was masturbating with full intensity. Her nipples were hard and standing out. She nodded her head slowly and smiled.
Bill got behind Ellen. Her ass was different from Amy's. It was bigger. It was older. Her asshole had less color and was tighter. Her pussy lips were more pronounced. Her pubic hair was darker than Amy's and there was more of it. The sight made his cock ache with hardness. Her pussy was so wet and swollen, he shoved his cock into her and they began to fuck in earnest.
Amy watched and became even more aroused than she had been earlier. She continued to rub her clit.
Bill continued to fuck Ellen from behind, both of them in complete synchronization, until Ellen stopped and turned around. The move caused Bill's cock to slip from Ellen's pussy. She undid her bra and cast it aside. She then rolled over onto her back and spread her legs with her knees in the air. "Fuck me Bill. Fuck me 'till I come."
Bill put one hand on each of her knees and spread her legs even further apart. He plunged his cock into her pussy and they fucked for only a short time until each of them cried out from their orgasms.
Amy masturbated and watched until she had her own orgasm. She slid from the sofa and put her arms around Ellen and Bill. She kissed each of them deeply. Bill and Ellen kissed her back, and then they kissed each other.
Amy stood up, naked. "Come on Ellen. I have to pee. Come with me."
Bill said "I'm going to pour myself a Scotch. I am fucked-out. Amy, you are an amazing wife. I may not be able to get another erection until next month.
In the bathroom, Amy sat on the toilet and started to pee. "Wasn't that fantastic? I mean didn't you love it? Or was it weird for you?" Amy spread her legs and watched herself pee. "I loved it!"
Ellen stood beside the toilet as her friend used it. "I'm sure it will seem very weird in the light of tomorrow. But for tonight it was exciting. I feel more sexy and more like a woman tonight than I have in years. I wanted Bill's cock, and I loved feeling that way. I haven't wanted a cock that strongly for a long time. But I should, right? At my age I should still want a cock. Well tonight I wanted Bills cock, and it was a great feeling." She smiled at Amy. "And, it was a great cock."
Amy finished and stood. She grabbed some toilet paper and dabbed herself dry. She tossed the tissue into the toilet. Ellen then took her turn and sat on the toilet peeing.
Amy watched her friend and said "Well it's obvious what we have to do." She realized that watching her friend pee was giving her a little thrill. Well, she'd deal with that feeling later.
Ellen was confused. "What do we have to do?"
"You have to move in with us! You're going through a divorce, you need friends. We both love being fucked by Bill. You have to move in!"
Ellen stood and flushed the toilet.
She paused. "Fuck! I love the idea! We'll have spaghetti, wine, and sex every night!" She laughed.
Amy agreed. "Right! And maybe some nights we'll skip the spaghetti! We'll spend each day naked and horny." She reached her hand out and cupped it up between Ellen's legs. She gave Ellen's vagina a squeeze.
Ellen paused. "But do you think Bill will agree?"
Amy turned to her friend incredulous. "Haven't you been paying attention at all? All we have to do is get his dick hard and he'll agree to anything. I think he's very wrong about not having another erection until next month."
She then looked at her friend with a mischievous smile "Let's go show him our pussies."
They headed out of the bathroom together, best friends, naked, and with a plan.