For the most part these stories are from Tawny's viewpoint, with some segments being from her husband Eric's viewpoint.
Tawny loves to be used by multiple guys who treat her roughly. Her being a slut to be used by strangers is something that Eric understands and supports, not only because he loves her, but because hearing about it is a huge turn-on for him as well. Tawny charging her "customers" for these parties is an idea she had to get the type of sex she enjoys, but still have boundaries. She'd happily do it all for free, the money is just a way to ensure that the guys feel entitled to treat her as roughly as she wants to be treated.
Ideally, these stories should be read in order. However, if the reader's only interest is in hearing what is happening to Tawny in this installment, it's not strictly necessary.
It is strongly suggested to at least first read her origin story "Tawny and the Value Given" to better understand her lifestyle, and to get an idea of what will (and won't) be happening to her in these stories.
Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction. Unlike the real world, STI's don't exist and The Pill is 100% effective. In reality, the lifestyle depicted here would present a large health risk, and a low but non-zero pregnancy risk. Tawny's sexual tastes are not shared by all, or probably even most, women.
Also note that when Tawny goes to a stranger's house for sex, they have been vetted and someone she trusts always knows where she's going and who she's meeting.
The Tawny Chronicles so far:
#1 - Tawny and the Value Given
#2 - Tawny and the Five Guys
#3 - Tawny and the Fraternity Reunion
#4 - Tawny and the Charity Food Drive
Copyright © 2021 by EightBits.
All Rights Reserved.

Tawny and the Charity Food Drive

Can Do
The week went by quickly, and I drove to the party excited to find out just what a charity event considered to be kinky. I arrived at one of the area's nicer hotels, the Maru Oceanfront, and parked around the back as instructed. I was barely out of the car when I saw a well-dressed woman step out a door and walk towards me. As she got closer I could see that she was quite attractive, and looked to be of Japanese ancestry. Maybe five or so years older than me? I settled on a guess of 38.
She stopped, held out her hand, and said in a cultured, yet sensual voice, "You of course, are Tawny. Thank you for coming my dear. I'm Miki"
This was not the type of greeting I was used to at these parties, but I tried not to look surprised and we gently shook hands. "Yes, I'm Tawny, thank you for having me."
Ok, so no one had actuallyhadme yet, but I was pretty sure more than one of them was going to before the night was over!
"Follow me inside please," she said, and we walked together back towards the door.
"Is my understanding that your associate has not given you any details of tonight's events correct?" she asked.
"Yes, that's correct. My clientele usually comes up with novel ways to, umm, 'enjoy me'." Her politeness and obvious class made it hard to just casually talk about guys squeezing my boobs and fucking me.
I forged ahead, "I find that they often derive pleasure from my reactions to their enjoyment. Therefore I've instructed him to tell me the bare minimum about tonight so my reactions to what is done to me will be truly spontaneous." I didn't mention that it added immensely tomyexcitement to not know how I was going to be used and abused, or by who.
"In that case, I will tell you as little as possible about each event until they occur. The more pleasure our donors derive, the more money they tend to contribute," she said with a polite smile.
We entered the sort of back-stage area of what looked to be a modest-sized hotel ballroom. She opened the door to a small room and said, "Here is a dressing room for your use. Of course, considering your role tonight, perhaps 'un-dressing room' would be a more accurate designation."
Again, a polite smile, although this time tinged with genuine humor.
She continued, "You may wait in here."
She followed me inside and closed the door behind us. Looking at me with a serious expression, she said, "Before we proceed, I must ask you - are you here of your own free will? Are you under any sort of duress?"
Surprised, I shook my head "no".
She said, "Please believe me when I tell you that if you are, I will help you. The resources I can call upon are... significant."
I was amazed by her concern, and her offer. "No, I'm not being forced in any way at all. Eric is my business associate, not my pimp. It is 100% my decision to be here tonight," I said in a formal tone.
She smiled and said, "Good. From my interaction with Eric, and after meeting you in person I didn't believe that you were, but I always want to be completely sure."
She continued, "One of my assistants will call for you shortly, and will get you in place to greet the guests as they arrive."
She gave me a half-nod, half-bow, and left the room, surprising me again. I was sort of expecting her to watch me undress.
The room was small, obviously a storage room set up for my use. I set down my bag and undressed, carefully folding my clothes and placing them on a table. Naked, I sat down on a chair and thought about how different this was from my two most previous parties, where the hosts had treated me like a slut from the moment I walked in the door. Not that I didn't love that, of course, but this interesting too. I did know that just because Miki had been polite, respectful, and concerned didn't change the fact that she had hired me for a night of bondage and sex. I was expecting the guests, and probably her assistants, to treat me a lot more like the five guys or the frat dudes had.
Adding to the night's list of surprises, the gentleman who "called for me"wasactually a gentleman. He quietly knocked on the door, and waited until I stood and opened it. Sure, he then took a good look at my boobs and the rest of my naked body, but he did it as politely as any guy ever has.
"Hi Tawny, I'm Perry. I'll be in charge of security tonight. Can I get you a water or anything else before we begin?"
"No, I'm good, thanks, I brought some with me. Hydration is really important." I gave him a chaste smile. Which was not the smile Iwantedto give him - you know I'm a sucker for a man in well-tailored suit. But if he was being a gentleman, I'd be a lady. A naked lady, but still a lady.
"Do you have any questions I can answer?"
"No, but thank you. Unless you happen to know - whatisthe sound of one hand clapping?" I said, tilting my head.
He looked at me like he couldn't decide if I was being funny or if my non-sequitur indicated a poor grasp of reality. He decided to go with funny, and grinned at me. It was a good grin. "No, sorry. Follow me please."
Perry was a big guy. Not football-linebacker big, but about 6'1" and solid. He wasn't bulky like a weightlifter type, but more like a guy who started out big and then worked to tone up what nature had given him. I'm tall for a girl, but I still felt small and delicate next to him as we walked out into the ballroom, and towards the main entrance.
Perry said, "So, I'm curious --"
"About how a nice girl like me etc.?" I interjected.
He laughed. It was a good laugh. "No. Well, ok. Yes. Damn, that's such a cliche, right? But you seem a little different than the girls we usually get for these events."
I'd never had a client ask me a genuine question. Usually it was questions like "tight enough bitch?" or "how do you like this cock?", so I had to think about how to answer him.
"I think you are genuinely curious, not looking for some tawdry titillating tale," I said.
He smiled and said, "Nice alliteration!" and waited for me to continue. I got the impression that he was good at waiting for people to continue.
I gave him my standard story. "I discovered that with a good body and a high pain-tolerance, I could make good money. And I like money."
He frowned slightly, and for some reason I added, "Or maybe this is just a good way to get my kinky desires satisfied." I realized that waswaytoo much like the truth, and gave him a big fake-looking "only kidding" smile.
He nodded, politely acting like he believed my first answer, but I glanced up at him and could see he was thinking about my stupidly honest follow-up. Oh what the hell, I thought, he's just a staff member who wangled a chance to escort the naked girl, and see her boobies close up.
The ballroom was full of very nicely decorated tables. Tasteful photos of volunteers handing out food, and of people holding bags and boxes of food while looking happy and grateful were on one of the walls. There was plenty of activity as various people were getting things set up for the event. They all paused to look at me, because I guess it's hard to ignore a naked blonde walking though a hotel ballroom. You know what an exhibitionist I am, so you can imagine how this excited me. You won't be shocked to hear that I was sort of hoping that Perry might be planning to have a little fun before the party began.
We stopped at some sort of display next to the main doors, which were closed. There was a big frame, with cuffs hanging from chains at the top corners, and two more cuffs laying on a cross beam that was a few feet above the floor, with chains that ran to the corners. It was made of wood and very nicely finished, so it actually looked at home here in a ballroom. A beam stuck out in front of it from the top, with a couple eye-bolt attachment points.
"Wrists please, Tawny," he said. I held my arms up and out, and he fastened the top cuffs snugly around them.
"Tawny, I'm going to set you up on that beam," Perry said. He put his hands on my waist and effortlessly lifted me up onto the beam. What can I say, his warm hands on my naked hips and that demonstration of his strength definitely made my pussy a little wetter.
"If you would spread your legs please. Good, thanks."
With my legs spread wide, but not uncomfortably, he fastened the lower cuffs and proceeded to take the slack out of the chains. He then took up the slack on my arms, again stopping with the chains almost slack.
"These will get tightened up a bit closer to when the doors open, but I wanted you as comfortable as possible until then."
The politeness I'd been shown so far was beginning to freak me out a little, but I just said, "Thanks Perry, I appreciate that."
"I've got to go check on some of the security details. In about five minutes the prep crew will finish you up. Doors open in fifteen." He nodded to me and walked off, leaving me naked and on display. Yes, the people setting up the room were still looking at me every so often, which was still turning me on.
After I had gotten all the entertainment I was going to get out of watching people put centerpieces on tables and fold napkins, the "prep crew" showed up. This was two men and a woman, all three dressed in some sort of waiter-ish uniforms. They were pushing a cart full of equipment, and a dolly with what looked like a teeter-totter on it.
"We're going to prep you now," said the woman. With that extensive conversation out of the way, they began. I had apparently found the place to get my sex-object fetish fulfilled, because they were impersonal and efficient as they handled my body.
She took a step-stool from the cart, placed it in front of me and began to expertly tie up my breasts. She didn't bother asking if the ropes were too tight or anything like that, she knew exactly what she wanted to do, and what she wanted to do was tie my breasts up pretty damn tight! She placed about six loops around the base of each breast, and ended up with a length of rope coming from the each one. She tied these together at a point above my head, and attached that rope to another longer one that she threaded through a pulley she hooked to the projecting beam.
Meanwhile, the guys had taken the teeter-totter, and as you might have guessed, placed one end between my spread legs. Without any warning, one of them stuck his fingers up my pussy, making me gasp. He did it like he you fist a girl, fingertips together to form a cone. That wasn't his plan however, he just poked around a bit, nodded to himself and walked over to the cart.
He came back with two of what looked to be large dildos. They were a little wider at the base than at the tip, and made of very polished metal. He attached one to the arm of the teeter-totter beneath me and then raised it up, stopping with the tip just below the entrance to my pussy. He took the second one and placed it on the beam below me, where he snapped it in place.
The other guy had been fastening a large basket to the other end of the arm, and the gal who had tied up my tits attached a matching basket at the other end of that rope, causing a light pull on my tits. I now had a pretty good idea of what was planned. The finishing touch was of course a ball gag, tightly fastened behind my head.
The guys then tightened the chains on my arms, making them taut and slightly uncomfortable, followed by the same for my legs, spreading them just a little wider. She then took a long, bright red metal rod from the cart, climbed the ladder, and inserted it into mounts on both sides of the frame. She positioned it so that my nipples were lightly resting on it.
One of the guys patted my ass, happy with their work, and they gathered up their cart and vanished out a side door.
While I waited, I had some time to consider my situation. She'd tied my breasts tight, making them even firmer than usual and causing them to look like rounded globes. I've had them tied tighter, so the goal here was apparently to let them be pulled rather than make them painful just by being constricted.
I looked at teeter-totter thing, whose function was pretty obvious. Weight in the basket made that end go down, and made the other end with the dildo go up. Up into my waiting pussy. The lever arm's fulcrum was not in the center, but much closer to the basket end. I tried to remember my basic physics, and decided that meant it would act to reduce the force on my end relative to the force on that end. Good I guessed?
I could see a clock from my position, and right at the opening time, Miki came from the back and walked towards me. She didn't say anything as she passed me, but did a quick assessment of how I was tied, then smiled at me and nodded on her way to the doors. She opened them and entered the lobby, where I heard her address the people waiting for entrance.
"Welcome everyone and thank you for attending tonights Third-Annual Kato Maru Charity Food Drive. We hope that tonight's special entertainment will delight you as the night progresses. I see that most of you have brought the canned-goods we requested as a symbolic donation. A symbol of the actualcashdonations I know you will be making tonight." She paused for laughs from the crowd. "As you will discover as you enter the ballroom, there was an additional reason for the cans."
"Upon entry, you will see a beautiful girl displayed for your viewing pleasure. You will be able to decide how you would like to see her affected by the cans you brought, by placing them in one of two baskets. The results of your choices will be obvious when you step inside. Please form an orderly line and have your invitations ready to present to our greet staff. Welcome!"
Ok, I knew the baskets were going to get something placed in them, but I wasn't expecting canned goods! Miki took a position next to me, facing the door, as the first guest entered.
"Oh, she is lovely! And indeed displayed quite nicely. Miki, you never disappoint."
Miki smiled and nodded in acceptance of his compliment. She then gave the brief explanation I'd hear her repeat many times to come. "The upper basket is attached to her prominent breasts, with obvious results as canned goods are donated to their associated basket. Note the red bar that will show the progress of those donations by indicating where her nipples were when the night began."
She continued, gesturing at the teeter-totter, "The lower basket will cause the object to progress upwards into her lady parts. As you can see, that object also gets somewhat wider as it goes deeper, for added entertainment. It's twin is placed there for comparison, so the guests can appreciate just how far it's progressed inside her body as the donations accumulate."
The first guest thought about what she'd said, and said, "Cannot resist causing her pussy to be penetrated!" He smiled and carefully placed his canned food into the lower basket, causing the dildo to gently just enter my pussy. He then stepped to the side, where he stared at my body and waited for the next guest's choice.
This was a couple, who conferred briefly before placing each of their cans into the upper basket. I felt the pull on my tits, and could see my nipples raise up just above the bar. Not painful yet, but it sounded like a large crowd!
I watched as guests began to fill the baskets. My breasts were now being noticeably raised, and the pain was slowly increasing. As for my pussy, the metal cone was several inches in, and widening enough that I could feel my pussy widen to accommodate it.
One woman dressed in a very shiny dress whose neckline plunged to her navel placed her can into the lower basket and said, "Oh, I do hope enough people contribute tonight. I'm looking forward to seeing that dildo all the way up her!"
Miki responded, "Yes, that's my hope as well, but it depends on the choices the guests make. We did make sure there would be enough cans donated to make that possible."
I looked at the "sample" dildo and a thrill of fear went through me. That thing was longer than I thought my pussy could accept. On the other hand, how high did I really want my tits pulled up? Because that seemed the only way to spare my pussy!
The next guest to enter had apparently started the party early, as he loudly said,"Oh, I bet this bitch is enjoying having something big up her cunt! It's her tits that need my help!"
Miki frowned at him as hedroppedhis can of food into the upper basket, causing my boobs to twitch upwards and give me a small surge of pain.
"They're still not high enough," he said in a disgusted tone, "What they need is a good pull!"
He placed his hand on the rim of the basket and pulled down, causing the pain in my tits to double as I closed my eyes and moaned into the gag. It only lasted a second before the pull subsided. I opened my eyes to see that Perry had appeared, seemingly out of nowhere, and had one hand tightly around the guest's forearm, countering his attempt to pull on the basket attached to my tits. Perry tightened his grip, and the man's face lost all color. With a squeak he let go of the basket.
Perry put his arm around the man's shoulders and discretely walked him into the ballroom. To a casual observer it looked they they were old friends having a talk, but I was pretty sure whatever Perry was saying to him was not friendly.
Miki looked up at me and quietly said, "My apologies, Tawny. Not for the pain, I know that's why you are here, but for his boorish violation of the game's rules. He won't bother you again."
If it weren't for the ball gag, I might actually have told her how much that had excited me. Being on display as my pussy was slowly violated and my tits steadily pulled was a turn on, but actively rough treatment like his impulsive pulling on the basket is what I was used to! Perry's alpha-male display had sent a little jolt of heat though my pussy as well.
After several more guests had added to the pull on my tits and the intrusion into my pussy, Miki signaled to the door staff and they halted the flow of guests into the room. One of them leapt agilely up onto the beam I was on and proceeded to remove my ball gag.
Miki addressed me, "Tawny, I can see that the things being done to you have reached the point where you may have a preference for which basket the guests choose. Your gag has been removed so that you can attempt to influence that choice by appealing for mercy. I'm sure some of them can be swayed by a beautiful woman's pleas."
"In addition," she added, "I've instructed my staff to add a third 'mercy' basket. Any cans you can persuade a guest to place in that basket will spare your breasts and your tunnel of love from additional pain."
"Thanks Miki," I said, managing to keep sarcasm out of my voice. It's way easier to be snarky to guys that are being rude to me than it is to a women being unfailingly polite. Even when that woman was orchestrating my humiliation and torture, she made me want to be polite to her!
The next guest was admitted, and as he looked at my predicament, I decided to exercise my newfound power of speech, and said, "Please sir, my tits are being pulled so tight! You can see how far my nipples are above the bar they were touching at the start. And I'm not sure my pussy can accept any more of that dildo. Please choose the mercy basket!"
He looked at me, smiled, and shook his head, "Nice try my dear, but like many of my fellow guests, I'm waiting to see that dildo firmly ensconced in your pretty little pussy."
With that, he placed the can in the lower basket, increasing the pressure from the metal dildo. Damn, I thought. I really hope he's not typical.
I tried the same plea on the next couple, and thought I had succeed as the husband started to place his can of food into the mercy basket. He was stopped by his wife, a stunning redhead, who said sweetly, "No, I want to see this bitch's titties all the way in front of her pretty little face." They added their cans to the upper basket, and my breasts rose again, as did the pain in them.
After three more cans of food were added to the lower basket, the pressure as the dildo pressed into my stretched pussy was as much as I could stand, and there were still a couple inches of that unyielding dildo yet to penetrate me. The guests had to stop arriving at some point, I thought. A large group had formed to watch me, enjoying seeing my tits get pulled higher and that dildo slide deeper into me.
I pleaded with the next guest, "Please, no more to my pussy! It's so full!"
He said, "Ok, bitch, how about you let me pull your nipples?"
"Yes," I said. "Pull my nipples! Please, put the can in the mercy basket and you can pull them as hard as you want!"
Miki shook her head, and said to him, "I'm very sorry, but touching her is not allowed at this time."
She looked at me and said apologetically, "You may try to convince them, my dear, but tonight, use of your body is mine to offer, not yours."
The matter-of-fact way she reminded me that I was not in control of what was happening to my body sent a thrill though my poor stretched pussy.
The guy looked disappointed, but he nodded and tossed the can into the mercy basket anyway, and I thanked him sincerely.
I continued begging the guests to please not cause that dildo to be pushed further up me. Several agreed to show mercy on both my tits and pussy, while a few others agreed to spare my pussy and just added to the tension in my tits. But two guys looked quite happy to be adding to the pain the dido was causing me, and added their heavy cans of food to the 'pussy' basket.
Finally, what looked to be the last couple to arrive stood in front of me as I moaned and pleaded with them to at least abuse my tits rather than force that dildo deeper into me. The watching crowd, however, was exhorting them to choose the "pussy basket". To my dismay, I watched them turn to the crowd, give an exaggerated show-business bow, and then added each of their cans to the lower basket!
With that, I felt the dido slide it's final increment into me and stop with its base pressed firmly against my pussy lips, making me moan loudly. I couldn't believe the entire length of that thing was up my pussy! The watching crowd gave a lengthy round of applause, and then started drifting off to the bar or their tables.
Miki snapped her fingers, and the three-member team that had prepped me appeared. The guys pushed down on the lever arm and the dildo slid out of me, causing me to gasp at the sudden emptiness. They first removed the basket on the other end, and then unhooked the basket that had drawn my tits so far upward. The woman had climbed the ladder and was roughly releasing my swollen breasts from their bondage.
They finished removing all the toys, but left me with my arms and legs still spread, attached to the framework.
Miki looked up and said to me, "You did extremely well Tawny! Your passionate pleading was a wonderful touch. I personally found your pain to be quite beautiful. I am confident this level of entertainment will greatly increase our donor's generosity tonight!"
With a gentle smile, she added, "Perry will be here momentarily to take you to your dressing room, where you can relax until we need you for tonight's next show."
Guess
After a few minutes, as promised, Perry showed up.
"Tawny, I'm sure you are tired of that position! Give me just a minute and I'll have you loose."
"You're not the first guy to promise to make me loose," I said, batting my eyes at him.
He chuckled and said, "Good, your sense of humor seems to be okay."
He removed the cuffs from my wrists and then my ankles, and then lifted me down from the elevated frame as easily as he had lifted me up there earlier. If his goal in being my handler for the night was to get a good view of my tits, he'd succeeded. They almost rubbed across his face as he lifted me down. Again, I was surprised that he didn't "accidentally" hold me a little too close and have that happen. Or for that matter, he didn'tneedan accident - I was paid for, and if he wanted to rub my boobies across his face, he could.
"I'll walk you back to your dressing room. The next show doesn't start until after dinner, so you've got some time to kill," he said.
We walked back through the now-crowded ballroom. More than one guy looked like they wanted to cop a feel of the naked woman strolling past them, but I'd see them glance at Perry and decide they didn't really need to after all. Apparently Miki ran a well-organized event!
I entered my room, and Perry stood in the doorway.
"Miki wanted me to check and make sure you were ok, and that the game hadn't been too much for you."
"Thanks Perry, please tell Miki I'm fine. It was painful, but... interesting," I said, smiling to show I meant the good kind of "interesting".
"Okay, great, I'll see you in about 45 minutes. There's a bathroom a few doors down to the right," he said, closing the door behind him as he left.
I threw on the robe I'd brought, made a trip to that bathroom, and then settled in to one of the comfortable chairs in my dressing room to get some quality time with my video game. You know how obsessed I am - of course I had it with me!
The time flew past, and just short of an hour later he knocked on the door. I'd been ready for about five minutes, just sitting there naked and playing with myself a bit as I thought about what had been done to me earlier, and fantasizing about what might be next. The knock startled me, and I quickly wiped my hand on a towel before answering the door.
"Ready?" he asked.
I nodded.
He said, "Dana and I will be the ones preparing you. She's the woman who prepped you for the previous show."
He led me out into the ballroom where a curtained-off area the size of your average living room had been set up. He parted the curtains and we entered.
In the center of the 'room' was frame similar to the one I'd experienced earlier. This one was simpler, basically just two uprights supporting a sturdy crossbeam that was about nine feet off the ground, but showed the same careful craftsmanship that the other one had. No badly nailed-together 2x4's for this crowd!
A table held various cuffs, chains, and other odd items. The woman from the prep crew - who I know knew was Dana - got up from the chair she'd been waiting in, and walked to the table. Picking up a set of large soft-looking cuffs, she pointed at the floor beneath the crossbeam.
I got the message, and walked to the spot she'd pointed at. She placed the cuffs around my ankles, carefully adjusting and tightening the multiple fasteners on each of them so that my ankles were snugly held. When she was done, she took a step back and nodded at Perry.
"Ok Tawny, this is going to feel weird, just go with it, please," he said apologetically.
He walked up to me, bent down and picked me up. This was a different hold, because as he picked me up, he also turned me upside down. I was glad he warned me, because even with his warning I made a little "yip" noise as he did it. With his arms wrapped around my waist, he was having mixed success at keeping my pussy out of his face. Yes, you know that was turning me on.
Dana wasted no time in scurrying up a ladder and attaching chains from my cuffs to hooks in the crossbeam. She said, "Secure" and I felt Perry lower me a bit and let go, leaving me hanging upside down, legs spread in a wide "V" and my head about two feet off the ground. She carried a heavy kettle-bell weight over and set it underneath me, and followed that up by using standard police-style handcuffs to handcuff my wrists to the handle on top of the weight. The cuffs were not not too tight, but tight enough that I wasn't slipping out of them. I was happy to just have my arms dangle, it was a nice change from them being pulled taut!
Perry nodded, said, "Dana" to her, and left the room. She took something that looked like a mesh sock from the table. It had a ring holding the end open and, unlike a sock, it was straight and almost a foot long. She parted my pussy lips and, using her fingers, began tucking it down into me. She retrieved a long thin rod from the table, and and used it to push the mesh deep into my pussy. When she was done, I felt the metal ring resting between my outer lips.
"What is that for?" I asked, not really expecting her to answer me.
"For accurate accounting," she replied. I think that made almost ten words she'd said to me tonight! Clearly we were on our way to being gal pals.
She picked up the remaining items from the table, and then she left also. Apparently that's what Miki had been waiting for, as I heard her amplified voice speak to the crowd. "Ladies and gentlemen, tonight we have a variation on the classic 'guess the number of jellybeans in the jar' game."
She went on, "Before the guessing can begin, we, of course, need to fill the 'jar'. Anyone wishing to help with this task, please form a queue at the entrance to the draped-off room at stage left."
I could hear chairs scraping and people talking to each other as the line began to form. After a minute, the curtains parted, and Miki entered. She carried a bowl full of what looked like small shiny off-white beads, which she placed on the table.
The first guest entered, and Miki said to him, "You will have the pleasure of filling the 'container' you see before you with pearls from this bowl."
Now the "sock" made sense. *I* was the container.
"Please take a very small handful," she said, "We want to be sure that everyone in line gets to contribute."
I couldn't see how many he chose, but I felt him press several of them into me, his fingers pushing them as far down as he could.
"That's just the beginning, slut," he said, "Your pussy looks like a lot of these are going to fit!"
That began the stream of men and women happily putting pearls into my upside-down pussy, and pushing them as far as the could with their fingers. I was totally getting off on the humiliation of having my pussy used as a jar for their game.
"I think she's starting to get full," said one woman as she used what felt like at least three of her fingers to push more pearls into me.
My pussywasstarting to feel full, with the pressure of those pearls pressing against my pussy walls. The fingers were no long going deep inside me as the pearls filled my cunt. That just meant they were starting to push them down even harder to make room for more pearls.
"I'm trying to put more in this bitch's hole, but they just spill out," I heard the woman with her hands between my legs. She pressed harder, making me moan.
Miki said, "Then it sounds as though she is finally full." She picked up a clear plastic lid from the table, and walked up to me. I felt her fingers at my pussy, and then I heard her snap the lid onto the metal ring. She then carefully nestled it back between my pussy lips. I assumed that kept the pearls from falling out of me while still letting people see those pearls filling my pussy.
She patted my thigh and said quietly, "Time for the guessing to begin."
I hung there feeling completely full. I'd had large cocks and even larger dildos in my pussy, but nothing had ever filled every inch of me like this before.
Miki stepped out, and shortly after that some of the staff began removing the curtains that made up the walls of the "room" I was in. I could now see the entire ballroom, and all of the guests now had a clear view of me naked, upside down, and a pussy full of pearls. Being on exhibit like that was, of course, a huge turn-on for me, and I found myself wishing it was a hard cock inside me instead of pearls.
From the podium, Miki announced, "Our lovely 'container' is now full. Anyone who wishes may buy a chance to guess how many pearls she contains. Entries are $500 each, with all proceeds going to the food bank." She paused for some polite applause.
"There is of course a prize for the three guests who have the closest guesses. Gentlemen winners will experience her skill at fellatio, and the ladies who win will get to enjoy her talents at cunnilingus. The prizes will be awarded from her current interesting position, and winners may accept those prizes in private, or allow the audience to enjoy the show."
This got a better round of applause, which just added to my excitement. An upside-down blowjob was something new, and you know how I love to try new things! The thought of having the whole crowd watch me suck some guys cock was also wonderfully slutty, so I really hoped at least one winner would make that choice.
Miki said, "Entries will be accepted for the next 15 minutes. During that time feel free to look at her, as you try to determine your guesses. You maygentlytouch her between her legs only, but please do not disturb the clear lid which is sealing her contents. Good luck!"
Both men and women started to gather around me. A woman placed her hand against my mound, and giggled as she felt the pearls within me.
The bitch who had stopped her husband from having mercy on me earlier went beyond Miki's instructions, and reached down to pull one of my nipples. "Did it feel good having these tits pulled up like that, bitch?"
"Yes," I said. I tried to at least sound embarrassed, but I'm not sure I succeeded.
She pulled my nipple even harder, making me gasp, and said, "I bet you did slut, and I bet you like this too!"
Her husband said to her, "Kellie, we're supposed to be guessing how many pearls are in her, not playing with her tits."
Kellie replied, "Yes, dear, I know. But these looked so nice when they were tied up earlier, I just had to have a feel. We can move on to her pussy." She let go of my nipple, but not before giving it one last hard pinch.
I hung there as people rubbed and prodded my crotch, trying to feel the pearls that filled my pussy. I had not noticed, but at some point a bottle of lube, and gloves for the fastidious, had been placed on the table. I became aware of that when I felt a slippery finger suddenly poke up my ass and feel around for the pearls from inside! That was just the first. Before it was over at least six people stuck fingers up me, adding pressure to my already-stuffed pussy that made me moan in pain.
"So bitch, you have a tight little pussy or a loose one from being such a slut?" said one of the guys. "I need to make a good guess, I really want to feel those pretty lips of yours wrapped around my dick!" he laughed and patted my cheek. I didn't answer him.
"Sorry Sherman, I plan to win this game. I'm pretty sure I have a better idea what can fit inside a pussy than you men do," said Kellie. "I plan to enjoy her tongue in my pussy, and I'm going to pull on those nipples until she makes me cum!"
Sherman laughed, "Well, there are three winners so maybe we'll both be satisfied tonight!"
People drifted off to enter their guesses, and the 15 minutes passed. Miki announced it was time for the counting and that once that was complete, the winners would be announced. She walked up to me, and said, "Tawny, are you ready? This is going to be intense my dear."
As everyone watched, she took a firm grasp on the metal ring and began to pull, and I felt the pressure inside me building as she began to force the bag through my opening.
"Aahhhh!" I yelled. It felt a lot like it does when the person fisting me would be done, and begin to pull out. My pussy entrance stretched as the sock, which had widened inside me as it was filled, began to slowly slide out. Combined with the pressure was the pain from the mesh scraping the delicate skin of my pussy walls as she extracted it. "Owwwwww," I continued to yell.
Miki paused, and I the scraping stopped, but the painful pressure caused by my pussy entrance being stretched remained.
"Halfway there," she said quietly, "this must be quite an interesting feeling." She was right - it felt like being fucked by a slightly abrasive dildo, except instead of feeling it forcedintomy pussy, it was being forcedout.
She resumed pulling, and I yelled again at the pain from that mesh sliding out of my tender hole. There was a peak in the pressure as the the bag full of pearls was finally withdrawn from my body. Miki held it up for everyone to see, and the crowd laughed and cheered.
"Holy shit," I heard one guy say, "All that was inside this bitch? I damn well lost, that's way more than I guessed."
I could hear more people expressing similar disappointment. I knew it had felt like the people stuffing those pearls into me were determined, so it was nice to hear it wasn't just my imagination. They had crammed my poor pussyfull!
The mesh sock was emptied into a bowl where a couple of staff members counted them quickly, as I hung there waiting for the pain in my poor abused pussy to stop. Once they finished, they sorted through the large pile of entry tickets and finally handed some of them to Miki, who was waiting at the podium.
"Ladies and gentlemen, you will be pleased to know that you were able to introduce an astonishing 532 pearls into her most tender and delicate of openings! Obviously you gave that task the determination and effort it deserved."
After the applause and catcalls died down, she continued, "Closest, with a guess of 550 was Kellie Luth. Congratulations Kellie!"
I was not happy at that news. Not only do I hate it when over-confident people win, but she was the woman who had happily added to the pain in my tits, even when her husband intended to spare me. But yes, the thought of how humiliating it was to now have to lick her pussy was turning me on.
"The other two winners are Kevin Ridgwell and Harry Medland, with guesses of 490 and 475 respectively. Congratulations gentlemen! Your prizes will be awarded in order of closeness, so if Kellie would join me, she can be the first to collect a prize."
The Prize
Dana appeared, and removed my handcuffs. "Suspension ok? Any adjustments needed?" she ask.
"No, thank you, I'm fine." I actually was fine. The suspension gear was first-rate and Dana had fitted it to me expertly.
She nodded and left.
Kellie made her way towards me, where Miki now awaited her. When she arrived, Miki said, "Will this be a public show, or will you be enjoying her in private?"
"This slut obviously enjoys one and all watching her," said Kellie, "but a lady doesn't put on a show for the crowd. Privacy. And play some music please, I don't want everyone hearing me when this slut gets me off."
Miki nodded and left. Kellie waited while the staff re-hung all of the curtains around us, and then stripped off her dress, revealing a surprisingly nice body. She saw me looking and said, "Yeah, bitch, you're not the only one here with a great rack. I just don't let every Tom, Dick, and Harry play with mine."
She laughed, "It's funny because later on a Harry might actually be playing with yours! And if he does, I plan to make sure he finds them nice and sore."
She slipped out of her underwear, revealing a tidy-looking landing strip. She stepped up, put her hands behind my head and pulled my mouth onto her pussy. "I want to feel that tongue as far up my pussy as you can manage, bitch."
With my hands now free, I reached around her legs and pulled myself against her. Her pussy was wet as I worked my mouth into her, my tongue extended and licking her walls. She moaned in pleasure and moved her hands from my head to begin squeezing my tits.
"Oh, yeah, bitch, that's it. All the way up there," she whispered.
I moaned into her as she gave my breasts a hard squeeze, twisting them as her grip tightened. My moan turned into a quiet yell as her fingernails dug into my flesh. I pressed into her even harder, still licking. The humiliation of having to lick her combined with her abuse of my tits had me so wet and horny!
"Yeah baby, find that clit!" she commanded. I pulled my mouth back and slid my tongue upwards, seeking her clit. (Or was it down? Hanging upside-down makes this confusing.)
I found her sensitive nub, and began gently licking and sucking on it. I kept one hand around her leg and used my other to insert a finger into her pussy, which caused her to moan again. She stopped squeezing my tits, and began to twist and pull my nipples. Hard. Hard enough to make me squeal.
Knowing that the only way to spare my nipples was getting her to orgasm, I got to work. I have a really good idea of what gets girls off, the advantage of also being a girl with a clit and vagina! My mouth, tongue, and fingers were all focused on getting her to cum. I was even stroking her leg and ass with my other hand.
She moaned, and to my shock, I felt her mouth on my pussy! She was way too far into her own pleasure to be actually trying to get me off, but she was moaning and frantically licking up and down my slit.
After a minute, my efforts were rewarded and I felt her body contract as her orgasm hit. She yelled and reached down to pull my face hard against her pussy as her orgasm peaked and slowly subsided.
She let go and took a shaky step back. Bending down, she whispered to me, "If you tell anyone that I got carried away and licked your pussy, I'll find a way to make you regret it, slut."
I smiled at her and nodded. It may have been my imagination, but I'm pretty sure I saw just a flicker of a smile in return before she shut it down.
She used a handy towel to wipe her face off, and got dressed. She bent over me again, pointed a warning finger at me, and then gave my cheek a quick and gentle stroke. Rapidly straightening up, she turned on her heel and left the room. Quite the mixed signals from our girl Kellie!
Dana popped in, handed me a towel to wipe my face, and then popped back out. The curtains parted, and a guy I assumed was Kevin Ridgwell stepped through.
"Kevin, right?" I said.
He nodded.
"How do you like it Kevin? Fast? Slow? Are your balls sensitive, or do they like it rough? I'm here for your pleasure, so tell me what you want."
"Slow. Sensitive."
Kevin was a man of few words.
"Ok, Kevin, that's exactly how I'm going to lick and suck on you. I'm ready when you are!"
He still looked a little nervous, but I figured he'd get over that. After all, he had decided to join the contest knowing that the prize was oral sex from a girl hanging upside down! With a look of resolve on his face, he stepped in front of me and pulled down his pants, then his underwear. He may have been hesitant, but his cock wasn't. It sprung out hard and ready. I reached out and gently stroked the shaft with one hand, while I used my other hand to run my fingers up and down his thigh.
"Ready?" I asked him.
"Uhh huhh," he moaned.
"You can touch me, you know," I said.
I licked the head of his cock, tasting a little pre-cum. He was definitely ready! I closed my lips around his cock and began licking my way up and down his hardness.
I felt his hands rubbing my ass, and working his way down my body towards my tits. He began kneading them, and playing softly with my nipples.
Letting his moans tell me what was working for him, I proceeded to give him a great blow job, if I do say so myself. I kept my hands busy caressing his balls and stroking his inner thighs and crotch, and he kept his busy playing with my tits.
"Oh!" he yelled as I felt his balls tighten. I took him deep as I felt his cum pulsing into my mouth. He withdrew, and I swallowed his cum, confirming that gravity isn't a big factor in that process.
"Wow, that was great, thanks! Your mouth is amazing!" he said, any shyness pretty much dissipated by getting to cum in my mouth.
I smiled and said, "My pleasure," and meant it. Something about being able to make a guy come using just my mouth makes me feel so sexy.
He pulled his pants up and left, happy with his 'winnings'. He was barely through the curtains before the staff started removing them. Apparently the last winner wanted to put on a show! I love being watched having sex, so you know this made me happy.
The final winner, Harry, took his place in front of me. He turned, dropped his pants, and bowed to the crowd. I heard laughter from the men, and saw a few of the women whistle. He turned back to me and I saw why - he had an impressive cock, not excessively long, but much thicker than normal.
"Hope that little mouth of yours opens wide enough for this prick, slut," he said to me.
I started to ask him what he liked, but before I could finish he grabbed my head much like Kellie had, and shoved his hard dick at me, confident I'd open my mouth. I did, of course, and he shoved that cock all the way in. From the angle he had, he barely made it to the back of my mouth, so I wasn't gagging on it. My mouth was, however, having to open quite wide.
"Your jaw's going to be plenty sore by the time I'm done, bitch. You hold it open like that - I don't want to feel any teeth on my dick!"
His hands were strong, and he kept a tight grip on my head. Unlike Kevin, I wasn't giving him a blowjob, instead he was fucking my mouth. He was driving his cock in and out with hard thrusts, and I was trying to keep my lips tight around him.With him holding my head as he fucked me, I obviously didn't need to hold onto him, so focused on stroking his legs and his balls.
I was doing pretty well, but his energetic thrusts made it a challenge, and I felt my upper teeth scrape his cock during one of those thrusts. He pulled his cock out of my mouth, and I yelped as he pulled his arm back and gave my right tit a hard slap. A murmur went through the crowd, concern from some and excitement from others. And, as you can guess, excitement from me too. The stinging in my tit just made me even wetter than I already was at being treated like something for him to just shove his dick into and fuck.
"Damnit you cunt!" he yelled at me. "I said no teeth!"
He shoved his cock back in my mouth and resumed thrusting. I knew it was probably not a great idea, but you know the decisions I sometimes make when I'm that excited. On one of his outward strokes, I relaxed my lip and scraped his cock again, just a little. His cock was so wide it wasn't an implausible accident - I'd been working damn hard to not have that happen.
This time he yelled, "Where the hell did they get such a worthless whore!"
I was hoping for another slap of my tit, but was surprised when he delivered a slap with that same amount of force, but to my pussy this time. His cock was out of my mouth, so my scream was unhindered, and filled the ballroom. My pussy felt hot, and stung like hell.
In the silence that followed, I heard Miki say, "Harry."
She said it in a very quiet tone, but he paused, and in a surprisingly contrite voice said, "Sorry Miki." I had already gotten the impression that Miki ran a tight ship, but this really confirmed it.
His pause was quite brief before he resumed fucking my mouth just as roughly as before. He moved one hand from my head, and began pulling my right nipple towards the ceiling. The hand that remained on my head was large and strong enough that he was still firmly in control of how he was using my mouth. He change the pull on my nipple, and my tit was now being pulled sideways, causing me to moan on his cock. He pulled even harder, and my moans turned into muffled screams, which I know must have felt amazing on his cock.
He changed hands and tits, and now my left tit was pulled as far sideways as my right one had been. Between this treatment and Kellie's earlier abuse, both of them were aching as he continued to enjoy me screaming and moaning around the dick that filled my mouth.
I think it was the screams that did it for him, because after a few more strokes he let go of my head, grabbed my other nipple, and pulled both of my tits hard to the left and right sides as he pumped his cum into my mouth. Between the size of his dick and my focus on the pain in my tits, I didn't keep it all in, and I felt some of it run down my cheeks. I closed my eyes tightly to try and keep it out of them as I swallowed what remained in my mouth while he held his dick in me until he was done coming, and then slowly slid it out.
"Nice job, bitch," he said, and patted the pussy he had previously slapped so hard, "You screamed really good on my dick!"
The crowd was applauding the show, and he gave another bow before pulling his pants back on as the staff started closing off the room by re-hanging the curtains. Dana appeared and handed me a towel again so I could wipe as much of his cum off of me as possible. Perry had also appeared and he wordlessly grabbed me around the waist while Dana unhooked my cuffs from the chains.
With my face basically in his crotch, I wasn't able to miss the fact that his cock was hard this time. Being the slut I am, seeing this made me try and let my hips fall forward, without being too obvious, and push my pussy at his face. Yes, I was horny!
He flipped me right-side up like I was a doll, and Dana proceeded to remove the cuffs. The ease with which he did that made me even more horny, and I imagined him just picking me up like that and impaling me on his hard cock.
Since the shows were done for the night, he handed me a robe to wear as he walked me back to my dressing room. Most of the people we passed very nicely complimented me on tonight's show, and thanked me. After parties like the fraternity reunion, this really felt weird!
Perry opened the door to my dressing room for me, and I went in. He followed me as far as the doorway, then said, "Great show Tawny! It was very nice to meet you. Goodnight."
As politely as he said it, I wouldn't have been surprised if he'd then kissed my hand. But no, he just nodded and closed the door, leaving me alone. I'll admit I was wishing he'd closed the door with him in the room! Your loss guy, I thought. I wasreallyhorny, and whether he knew it or not, he'd missed the chance for a great fuck.
I sat there for a few minutes, enjoying the feeling of being right-side-up and having gravity pulling on me from the usual direction. There was a knock on the door, and after a moment it opened and Miki stepped in.
"Tawny, first let me say you that exceeded my expectations tonight. You took everything we dished out with the perfect blend of innocence and sluttishness. I've received many compliments on both your behavior and your beauty."
I blushed (yes, your wife can still blush!) and said, "Thank you, that's very kind."
Miki went on, "Kevin in particular was quite effusive. He's been a great friend of the Kato Maru charity group, and attends all of our parties. This, however, is the first time he's actually participated in the entertainment. I put that down to not only how attractive you are, but the poise with which you played your role."
I said, "Thank you Miki. I won't 'kiss' and tell, but I will say that he did seem hesitant. And I tried my best to put him at ease. It's nice to know I may have succeeded."
"After observing you tonight, there is one thing I would like to mention," she said. My stomach dropped as I thought she was going to admonish me for my teeth '"accidentally" coming in contact with Harry's cock. For some reason, I didn't want her disappointed in me. I should have known that in a night of surprises, this would be yet another one.
"Tawny, please pardon my presumptuousness, but I don't think you are in this for the money. Rather, I think you actually enjoy this very much."
I was too shocked to respond, and she continued, "I obviously have known you only a short time, but I have a lot of experience reading people. I'm also considering what Perry told me what you said when you answered his question about why you do this."
She raised her hands to placate me, "Please know he didn't run to me and share your answer. He only told me after I had told him of my suspicions. He was merely confirming my observation."
My shock at her so casually penetrating the cover story you and I had so carefully crafted had faded, and I went on the offensive, "This? And what is the 'this' you think I enjoy? Being treated like a toy by random strangers?"
She smiled, but not in a mocking or superior fashion, and said matter-of-factly, "Yes; being treated as a sexual plaything; allowing men - multiple men - you have just met to use your body in whatever fashion they choose. You enjoy all of it - the pain, the humiliation, and most of all, the loss of control. The fiction of 'doing it for the money' is just a facade."
My mouth hung open and I stared at her, feeling more naked than I had when I was hanging there by my ankles. I knew denial would be useless, and probably just cost me some of her respect.
"Yes," I said. "Your instincts are spot-on. Tonight was an incredible turn-on for me, I loved every bit of it."
She nodded kindly, and said, "Please don't be embarrassed. I understand completely and I'm in no way judging you. Nor would I use this knowledge to harm you in any way. Sexuality is complicated, and we have very little control over our true desires."
"Thank you," I said quietly, still processing the fact that this virtual stranger now knew something that I had expected to never share.
"I know why you do this, but one facet is unclear to me. Why the money? In my experience there is no shortage of men happy to use a willing woman. And some who don't require her to be willing." Her face hardened as she said the last part.
"That was my idea actually. Them not asking for my permission to touch me, or use me roughly is actually harder to find than one would guess. Or at least it's hard to find safely. Having them pay for me tends to remove their inhibitions - I'm a toy that's bought and paid for! And it also allows Eric to check them out them and ensure they are aware of my rules - as you know."
She smiled and said, "Ah, I see you, too, are a student of human nature! A clever solution to your problem."
Looking serious, she continued, "I truly hope this doesn't prevent you from entertaining at our future events. We are of course happy to pay your fee - the fact that you enjoy what is done to you doesn't affect the value we receive from having you here. And far from using my understanding of your interests to your detriment, I believe I can use this knowledge to increase your enjoyment of what is done to you here."
It was a lot to absorb, but I was feeling better by the minute. I was beyond anxious to talk to you about it all, but my fears had been allayed.
She opened the folio she was carrying, and handed me an envelope, saying, "Your associate sent this over today and requested I give it to you at the end of the night. Thank you again Tawny."
I yielded to an impulse, and gave her a quick hug, hoping that wasn't crossing some employer-employee boundry. To my relief, she hugged me back before turning and leaving the room.
I wondered what you had sent me, and ripped open the envelope. When I read that you had acquired a room in the hotel and were waiting for me, I almost cried. And that brings you up to date!
Now I reallyneedyou to fuck me! Everything that happened tonight made me more and more excited, and I've been looking forward to having your cock in my pussy the entire time! Yes, it's a little sore, but that just makes your kinky wife even hotter. Fuck menow!
Breakfast
I had promised the room service folks a hefty tip if the food arrived quickly, and it had. Which was good, because we had woken up ravenous. We now sat on the balcony wolfing down some amazing breakfast sandwiches.
I was feeling very proud of myself for having the idea to rent a room in the hotel, and have Tawny join me after her party. We have been having amazing sex after she gets back from her adventures, but last night was another level entirely. And to be honest, I was pretty revved up by knowing that while I was watching TV up in the room, my wife was down in the ballroom naked while strangers played with her. I'd actually gotten up twice and started to head down, planning to at least get a glimpse of her in action, but stopped myself since that was not the discrete move. Hell, even staying here in the same hotel was probably more exposure than was wise!
She'd been anxious to share the story last night as she teased me, licking and sucking my cock on-and-off the entire time.
When she finally got to the end, we were both beyond horny, and she laid down on the bed, her sexy ass sticking up, and begged me to fuck her from behind. Which I did! That's one of her favorite positions and I did my level best to fuck her as hard and as long as I could. A night full of the kinky fun she loved, but with no one actuallyfuckingher, had made her insatiable and she'd worn me out completely! Have I mentioned how amazing my wife is?
"So I didn't go into this last night, for reasons involving what you were doing to me with your tongue as you told me the story, but now I want to follow up," I said.
Tawny gave me "the look", and slowly licked her upper lip.
"If you are trying to distract me, it's working," I said and smiled back at her. "Anyway, the security guy who you were all hot for, his name was Perry, right? Black, about 6'2" and deceptively strong? Very calm and confident? One ear kind of sticks out?"
"Yeah, that's a pretty good description, even the ear part, which I don't think I mentioned," she replied. "And I'm not sure that 'hot for' is what I said." She blushed slightly.
"I'll be damned," I said, "Yeah that has to be Perry Woodhall. He was at the firm, started as a merc and moved up into our covert-protection group. We worked together on a few occasions. Resigned a couple years back amidst rumors of some scandal. He's a good guy, though, and very good at what he does."
"I thought he seemed pretty smooth for your usual event security rent-a-cop," she said thoughtfully.
Did she look a little concerned that he knew me? Probably my imagination. She knew he'd never met her before. The security firm we had worked at was less about company picnics and more about things like need-to-know, and compartmentalization. I didn't even have her picture at my desk.
She said, "But hey - I tell you last night that Miki made like Sherlock Holmes and told me why I wasactuallyat the party, and the first thing that you want to talk about is your old buddy from work?"
"Sorry," I said, smiling sheepishly. "I was just really surprised that your paths crossed. This Miki must be the real deal, a guy with Perry's skillset doesnotcome cheaply."
I continued, "But yeah, how are you doing with that? I've just been assuming you aren't too freaked out since it very clearly did not interfere with your sex drive." I grinned at her.
"The more I think about it the less concerned I am. I may be way off-base, but my instinct is to trust her. Something about her is just reassuring," she said.
I was glad to hear that. I'm good at reading people. It's part of my job and I've had serious training for it, but Tawny's ability to read people is still better than mine. If she trusted Miki, so did I.
"Ok honey," I said, "if you're not worried, then I'm not either. Breakfast was good, but now it's gone, and wedohave late-checkout on this room..."
With a mischievous twinkle in her eye, she smiled, shrugged out of her robe, and said, "Babe, you read my mind."