When you reach your 40s it can be hard to figure out what is just change for the sake of doing something different (a couple decades is a long time to do the same thing over and over again) and what is a mid-life crisis. To be honest, the only time you really know is looking back and reflecting. Using that test, the night my wife and I had was a lot of fun and definitely not a crisis.
We were married right after college but before we started our careers. The early years were a lot of fun. Kids came along and jobs started taking a lot of time. We didn't have as much time together and the spark faded. It took a lot longer than it should have, but we figured it out and started working to put things back together. Finally, the relationship was back to good but we were still missing that sizzle.
When things were cold, as a guy, it was hard for me to figure out why she just wasn't interested. Fast forward to today and I understand that neglecting the relationship curbed her desire. Back then, it was a mystery to me. I started to suspect that she was finding some other way to satisfy her urges. I was working enough that I probably wouldn't have been able to figure it out anyway. As I thought about it I didn't get angry or jealous, I found myself getting excited instead. If she was out with friends, I would make up fun stories for my "personal time." Eventually, we incorporated it into some fantasies and it made for some fun nights but things were still pretty reserved.
My wife is middle-aged and has convinced herself that she just isn't that attractive anymore. I know she is hot and there are a lot of guys who would agree with me given the chance to say so. She is a brunette just over 5 foot and around 130 pounds with great breasts (a good firm handful) a cute ass and a nice curvy figure. But, when someone is mentally locked into a certain body image, it's hard to get them to change their mind.
One day we had one of those rare moments where the kids were out of the house and we were together. I took advantage of the opportunity and started rubbing her back. I told her she was hot but she claimed I was just trying to get some action. I protested and told her that she turns many men's heads but she wouldn't believe me. It was the millionth time we had this conversation and I wanted to break the cycle.
I told her that if she was so sure, we should go someplace where we could test this. Whoever was right got to pick the location for our next couples vacation (she likes hiking and outdoors, I like the city and music). She pushed back a little and I teased her that she didn't want to play because she knew I was right.
Finally she started to crack and asked where we would go to prove it. When we were playing around with our fantasies we had discovered that there was an alternative lifestyle club in our town (very surprising for a smallish town in a pretty conservative state). We had talked about going but never worked up the nerve. After we went back and forth a bit, we agreed and found a Friday that would work. The rules were that we had to agree on her outfit, it only counted if the person hitting on her was someone we would actually want to play with and no swapping.
The big day came and we were excited and nervous. We settled on a black slip dress. It was short enough that she had to keep her legs together when sitting otherwise everyone would see the black sheer panties she was wearing and it was cut low enough that she could give anyone a nice show by bending over and letting them look right at her breasts (no bra). We made it to the club and walked in. The first couple of guys that showed interest clearly did not count as neither of us would have ever considered them as a possibility.
We made it to the bar area found an empty table (a four top) and started sipping drinks. The music was pumping, there were a lot of couples that were dressed to get attention and the sexual tension was thick in the air. There was no shortage of couples that would be playing a starring role in our future fantasies.
After about half an hour we had started to relax a bit. The drinks and the scenery were definitely getting us going. The tables had filled and a couple came to us and asked if we would share our table. Bill was six foot tall and definitely worked out, Ann was a little shorter and smaller than my wife with perky little breasts peeking out from the lace top of her chemise that was cut short enough that I didn't have to try to see her G-string.
We started with small talk and learned that they had been in the lifestyle about five years. Then it was our turn and we confessed this was our first night.
"Well," Bill said, "welcome to the club. I'm surprised your table was still open with a hot woman like you sitting here."
We both instantly started laughing (we had been drinking a bit) and after some prodding explained the bet. They thought it was funny too, Bill was sad that he wasn't going to get to enjoy my wife that night but we all agreed that wasn't a reason to end the night early.
We kept talking and drinking. I could tell my wife was getting more and more aroused as we kept talking with a guy that clearly wanted to bed her. Bill, for his part, didn't stop flirting. He started by casually touching her arm during conversation. She didn't object, Bill made his way up to her shoulder and she scooted closer to him. Both of the wives nipples were hard and I was so horny I was up for anything. Bill's hand made it to her thigh, she didn't object and I caught a slight sent of her very wet pussy. The night hung in the balance and I didn't know which way it was going to go.
That's when Bill had the first great idea. "I know you aren't swapping tonight, but I really want to see that hot pussy get drilled. What if we went to one of the rooms upstairs and fuck as couples next to each other?"
We asked for a minute in private to discuss and Bill and Ann headed to the bathroom.
She looked at me and said, "I think I like the idea. We are both so horny we aren't going to make it home before we go at it and this wouldn't be swapping. It isn't any different than watching porn together."
I told her I totally agreed and we decided to make it happen. Bill and Ann came back and the four of us practically ran upstairs. Fortunately there was a private room still open and we went inside. Ann ripped off the chemise, dropped the G-string and went straight for Bill's dick. We didn't do anything for a while as we just watched Ann suck Bill expertly. She started by licking the pre-come off the tip and then started to slowly suck his dick into her mouth. She worked her way deeper and deeper as Bill groaned. They got into it more and more and then Ann suddenly stopped and pulled her mouth away with a pop.
She jumped on the bed, looked at us and said "let's get to the main event! Right now!"
My wife was more reserved and kept the slip on but the panties hit the floor and she was on the bed next to Ann. Bill and I took our positions and effortlessly slipped into our very wet wives. From that point on it was fucking, truly fucking, with abandon. With each thrust my wife's tits would bounce and her hard nipples were finally well out of her slip. It was so much I started to feel myself letting go. I was the first to cum, flooded my wife's pussy and started getting soft. She still hadn't orgasmed.
She begged, "No, no, no! Don't stop! I need more! I was so close!"
But I was not ready to reload yet. Bill and Ann were still going at it. Maybe it was experience or just stamina but he clearly could last longer than I could. It turned out that he could last longer than Ann too. He was fucking her hard and she started to scream out her orgasm. It was loud, primal and hot.
And then she said, "Stop, please stop! I am so sensitive it hurts. You need to pull out Bill."
Now we had a real problem. My wife was still moaning about needing more cock and Bill was still looking for relief. Ann had the second great idea. She pulled my wife to the side and whispered in her ear.
My wife's eyes opened wide and I could see the excitement. She said, "I think that's a great idea." Both Bill and I wanted to know what it was.
Ann said, "As I understand the rule, we just can't swap tonight. What if she straddles Bill and he just rubs the head of his cock against her clit. No fucking, so we aren't swapping and everyone gets taken care of."
I kinda saw where this was going, but it was hot and I wanted to go there anyway. I said, "I'm good with it if she is."
My wife practically jumped on top of Bill, now straddling him with his cock tightly sandwiched between her pussy and his body. Slowly Bill started pumping. I could see the head poke out after it had rubbed her clit and then disappear as he drew it back down along her wet pussy. She was clearly enjoying it with loud moans and adjusting her position to get more and more contact with her clit. Ann and I were on either side of the happy couple, touching her nipples and encouraging her along.
She looked at me and said, "I need a cock inside of me. Right now. Please fuck me!"
I smiled and said I wasn't ready yet she would have to wait. (It wasn't true, I could have, but that clearly wasn't where the night was supposed to go now.) She kept rubbing and getting hotter, begging more and more often for a hard cock inside her. Her hips started moving, changing the angle so that Bill's dick was pushing more and more against her opening.
She looked at me again and said, "I can't resist it any more, if you can't fuck me I need his cock inside me."
I kissed her and said, "It's ok, you can have him."
She said, "Really, it's your last chance. I'm going to do it. I'm going to fuck him."
I said, "Go for it!"
Ann grabbed a condom from the bedside table and expertly put it on Bill. I reached back to angle Bill's dick into her hot pussy. My hand touched Ann's and everything was ready to go.
She moaned as the tip entered her and then slowly rode Bill's pole all the way down.
All the way down she kept moaning and quietly saying "Fuck, fuck, fuck!"
When she bottomed out she held that position for a second and then slowly started to rise up. From there, it turned into a pure frenzied fuck. She was loud and begging for more. Bill fucked her harder and harder and somehow maintained control. Finally, after what seemed like hours, my wife screamed and came. Bill pulled her down hard and emptied his balls. I could see each contraction firing another jet of Bill's sperm. She collapsed on him and they held each other breathing hard. It was such a sexy vision.
After that, there wasn't much to say. We had definitely gone further than we had planned but we both were happy and horny for each other. We all cleaned up, exchanged phone numbers and left. When we got home she went to the bedroom to wait for me. I dismissed the babysitter for the night, made sure everyone was asleep and headed to the bedroom.
My freshly fucked wife was waiting there for me.
She said, "I didn't expect that to happen, are you ok?"
I said, "I am, are you?"
She said she was and asked me to gently and slowly make love to her. I had to be careful as she was a little sore, but we finished together and I came inside her for the second time that night. We snuggled together and fell asleep knowing that it was going to take a while for us to figure out what it all meant and where we would go from here. That was something for another day. But tonight we both knew that she was a beautiful wife and I was lucky to have her.