It had been nearly a week since Trent proposed to his now-fiancée. There was another pressing matter among the many sacrament-related thoughts on his mind. He was incredibly horny. Trent had spent the past month on a strict sexual sabbatical, which included no self-gratification. Trent's plan was simple, impress Roxanne with what could only be described as a storybook proposal, and part of his reward would be a night of sweet sexual bliss. A night where both Trent and Roxanne's inhibitions could be thrown to the wind, leading to two melting chocolate bodies writhing in ecstasy.
Unfortunately for Trent, this had not happened the night of the proposal or the following nights. As Trent prepared for a celebratory engagement dinner later that night with his new fiancée, Roxanne, and her best friend Andrea-there was an uncomfortable intensifying feeling in his groin. Trent's testicles were a dam at the brink of overflowing, and so too were his testicles swelling with passion yearning to be released.
Trent thought about these feelings while fixing his hair in the vanity in his apartment, his caramel athletic frame glistening in the light from the fresh shower. He wondered if he should just stroke one out quickly to eliminate the overwhelming sensation of busting a load. Thoughts of his chocolate Nubian goddess began to run wild in his head. Particularly her plump booty that one could argue was good enough reason to marry her. Trent quickly shook these thoughts off while curling his hair and contemplating just how dressed up he would get for this dinner. As a slightly petty person, Trent decided that if he were going to be sexually frustrated, he would not be alone.
Trent picked out his tight-fit navy-blue polo that hugged his muscles while accentuating his chest. This was in addition to the black dress pants that clasped his thighs and outlined not only his tiny but shapely round butt; it also displayed the bulge that was his crotch. Trent grabbed his car keys with a smirk and sinister intent on his mind.
If there was one thing about Trent, he hated being late. His mind ran like an oven timer, on-time meant the perfect meal, while late meant burnt and hungry. Usually, this fueled his more than the rare occurrence of speeding down I-75 as if he were at the Daytona 500. Trent loved driving with the window down, especially at night. The feeling of the cold night air brushing against his face was always a mood.
But even this sensation could not override the erection still looming in his pants. Trent pushed the pedal further, going 85 in a 55, trying to escape the torture lying just below the surface of his clothes. He began to feel his precum wetness touching his inner thigh and wondered if the spot would start to bleed through his pants as it had in the past. Trent shifted his focus towards the cold night air hitting his face while his brown eyes scanned for potential patrol vehicles. The back of his mind wondered just how soaked he would be when he arrived at his destination.
Roxanne, by Trent's standards, did not live far. For anyone else, on the other hand, a thirty to forty-minute drive is not exactly appealing. But after a relaxed night drive, he had arrived, on time for that matter. Trent parked his car in the overcrowded driveway as usual. He inspected his nether regions before exiting his Chevy to see how much damage he had done. "Not exactly a water park, but not a spilled glass of water either." Trent thought to himself. Trent gave himself a minute to air out and dry before he went and knocked on the door to the massive two-story home. His now soon-to-be sister-in-law Jen let him in.
Roxanne was still in the process of getting ready upstairs, "shocking," Trent sarcastically thought to himself. Trent did his rounds of the typical hellos to the future family while waiting for the love of his life to descend the stairs. "Who let you in?" Trent heard the familiar voice coming from the top of the stairs. Reflexively, Trent said "your mom" jokingly, as he had done to his brother and his brother had to him many times. But as Trent began to look up the stairs, as he heard the sound of Roxanne descending them, he caught a glimpse of the beauty that is his fiancée.
Roxanne had decided to go with a light grey plaid dress and a black turtleneck. The length of said dress immediately grabbed Trent's attention, which showed 80% of Roxanne's 5'7 chocolate legs for days. As Roxanne descended the stairs, Trent's eyes followed her legs up to where her dress began. Thankfully, Trent did a gentleman's tuck of his equipment right before entering the house.
"Why would my mom do that?" Roxanne asked jokingly with a slight grin on her face. Trent desperately tried to focus on his retort and not on how Roxanne's dress hugged every delectable curve of her body. From hips and thighs to her round butt and beautiful breast.
Trent quickly snapped out of it before his stomach turned into a swimming pool of his juices, "because she loves me, of course. Why else?" Trent replied.
"Very well," Roxanne said while moving towards the downstairs mirror in the dining room, "I just need to finish my lashes, and we can go."
"Can't wait," Trent stated. "I knew we were going to be late," Trent thought.
Surely enough, they were on their way after ten or so more minutes and a fur jacket later. As Trent drove them to the restaurant, he could still feel the pulses of his member pressed against his stomach and touching his belly button.
"At least I'm dry for the moment," Trent thought. The car ride to the restaurant was relatively quiet, with a few sporadic conversations here and there. Trent's mind raced with ambitious thoughts of lust and conquest fast enough to catch the 80 miles per hour car he was driving. Trent's eyes might have been focused on the road. Still, his mind fluctuated between the directions on his phone and the mouthwatering dark lips hidden away betwixt Roxanne's thick with two c's thighs.
It was not helping that midway through the drive, she had placed her hand on his lap and began caressing, "probing for an erection, I'm sure," Trent thought. These slight strokes of his thigh sent pulse racing up towards his still erect penis, causing it to twitch in place as if begging for proper attention. Surely enough, like a bloodhound catching its scent, Roxanne moved her hand ever so slowly and slightly upwards towards Trent's crotch.
Trent's mind was divided between the anticipation of soon-to-be penile contact and the cars passing by him. He watched as her delicately soft hand began shifting, freshly painted pink nails leading the way. Trent often pictured Roxanne's hands wrapped around his member and the contrast the nail colors tended to provide against his skin as she stroked it. That thought was now in his mind as he glanced at Roxanne's hand placement.
"What's this?" Roxanne asked slyly as she found Trent's erection tucked away against his stomach.
"A true wolf in sheep's clothing," Trent thought. Before he could even conceptualize a witty remark, Roxanne had already worked her index finger and thumb around the tip of Trent's member. Roxanne glided her thumb right over the entrance, rubbing Trent's precum and spreading it around the tip of his head. This act was not just customary for her to do. It was sport. Roxanne gained true pleasure and gratification from watching Trent squirm with pent-up sexual frustration that could not yet be released.
And despite Trent's good poker face, his member had none. With each passing glide of Roxanne's thumb on his tip, Trent's insatiable itch for sexual release grew. Trent could not be mad at Roxanne either; he loved that she was a closet freak. As the urge to act grew exponentially, Roxanne stopped, and Trent watched as she took her hand back and placed her thumb in her mouth to taste his wetness.
"Just a little taste before dinner," Roxanne said with a sly but victorious look in her eyes.
Trent's mind was nearly consumed with wanting just a taste of Roxanne's essence, but they were at the restaurant before he knew it. Trent and Roxanne parked in the 3rd-floor parking garage attached to the sprawling outdoor downtown Miami shopping mall. The mall was laced with Christmas decorations that were beautifully lit up since it was nighttime when they arrived. The mall center had an enormous Christmas tree where patrons lined up to take photos.
Trent checked his watch, thinking, "alright, not too late," as he looked up from his watch, he again saw the way Roxanne's dress clung to her sculpted bottom. "Just another inch or so, and that thing would be out in the wind," Trent thought. He followed Roxanne as she led the way to the Kilo Lounge, a more up-scale sports restaurant. They met with Andrea outside the restaurant and exchanged pleasantries; Andrea congratulated them on their recent engagement.
Soon enough, after 5 minutes of waiting, they were led to their table, a dimly lit booth in the back of the restaurant. Roxanne sat on the inner side of the booth, with Andrea sitting across from both. At this point, Trent was becoming mentally exhausted from the heightened levels of sexual torture that had befallen him thus far. For the next twenty minutes, he was in autopilot mode.
Trent let Roxanne and Andrea do all the talking and catching up with him, adding only slight but typical male responses, grumbles, and head nods. The energy to engage was not there. They had gotten their drinks, mixed alcohol for the gals and straight beer for Trent, and we're now waiting for their meals. Roxanne had removed her jacket because the restaurant was warm, given the outside weather.
Roxanne and Andrea continued to chat, and while Trent began drinking his beer to calm his nerves, something seized his attention out of the corner of his eye. Trent had not noticed until that moment how far Roxanne's dress rode up while she was sitting down. The gap between the table and the back of the booth chair was not huge but workable. Trent leaned a bit forward as if to listen in closer to the girls' conversation. Still, his eyes were examined for the right angle with every look away glance.
"Bingo!" Trent thought Trent's eyes had located the right angle to see right up Roxanne's dress! With every glance away from the conversation, Trent's glance would penetrate the occasional gap between Roxanne's voluptuous chocolate thighs to see her pink lace thong underwear.
"Hmm, matching her nails" crossed Trent's mind. Trent scoped out the restaurant for the waiter. She had been to the table maybe five minutes ago.
"I should have a good five to ten minutes," Trent thought. Trent then sat back in the booth, and while sipping his beer with his left hand, he placed his right hand on Roxanne's exposed thigh. At first, he did the usual rub back and forth of endearment, but little by little, his hand inched closer and closer to Roxanne's center.
"Why hello," Trent thought as he made contact with Roxanne's center. To his surprise, there was a warmth radiating from her already. While Trent casually chimed in on the conversation between the two women, his eyes scoped for passing restaurant employees. Roxanne was defenseless, she didn't want to make a scene, but she also didn't want Trent to stop. Roxanne put her jacket over her lap effortlessly without drawing attention to the motion.
Trent shot her a quick and meaningful glance "oh, okay," Trent thought. Trent used his index and ring fingers to part Roxanne's legs to give him enough space to slide his middle finger against her center. Trent then began slow circular motions rubbing Roxanne's center, and he felt his finger pressed against her clit as it brushed her lips. The warmth radiating began to grow, and Roxanne was putting on a good show.
Still, Trent could spot the slightest micro-facial movements that she was coming undone. "Almost there!" Trent thought, "Orange chicken?" The waiter had returned with their meals.
"Damn! I was close," Trent thought as he watched as a slight sigh of relief began to show on Roxanne's face. During the meal, Trent decided to play nice and allowed Roxanne the comfort of eating without being under siege. Towards the end of the meal, Andrea left to use the restroom.
"What are you doing?" Roxanne said, glaring deep into Trent's unapologetic eyes.
"Just trying to get a taste," Trent said with a smirk, "a few more seconds, and I was going to move the panties out of the way too."
Roxanne looked flushed and flustered at the comment, but she glanced down at Trent's pants and saw his length engorged against his thigh, nearly reaching his knee. She thought about placing her hand on his lap to make things equally interesting. Andrea returned to the table as she began to move her hand, and the temptation quickly faded.
The rest of the dinner went without incident. There were celebratory drinks and chocolate lava cake deserts. After settling the bill, Andrea suggested a Christmas tree photo to commemorate the evening. Roxanne felt uneasy as they waited their turn for the tree and discussed picture poses and set-up. She occasionally noticed a little glimmer in Trent's eye; if her senses were not as heightened from the dinner escapade, she might not have caught it.
"What's going through his head," she began to wonder.
"We're next!" Andrea stated, and Roxanne's thoughts faded but not her gut feeling.
"This was great. We need to meet up again soon," Andrea said while entering her Pickup vehicle.
"This was nice," Roxanne said, looking into Trent's eyes. The lighting from the Christmas decoration hit his soft cinnamon skin perfectly.
"Yeah, Andrea's a gem," Trent replied. Roxanne led the way to the parking garage, and while going up the escalator, Roxanne felt it again. A strange sensation emitting from Trent's aura. She quickly looked back as if to survey the Christmas decorations and spotted it! Trent was laser-focused on her rump. It was a glance, but the look in his eyes was almost primal, as if he were an animal hunting for prey. Roxanne found this thought unsettling, but it was also quite arousing. Roxanne could feel the folds in her center begin to saturate with the ideas of carnal lust surging through Trent's every movement. For Roxanne knew Trent was nothing if not calculating.
The parking garage was surprisingly dark for the level of the up-scale area they were in. At this point, Trent had led the way to the car, and Roxanne, as usual, seemed to forget where they parked. Part of it was that after a year of being together, Roxanne still could not remember what Trent's car looked like.
"It's black like the others," she would often reply when Trent would ask about this error. Trent could even recall several times Roxanne almost entirely got into a stranger's car. Trent pressed the key clicker, lighting up the midnight-colored Chevy and guiding Roxanne to it. Trent opened Roxanne's door, a gesture he tried to make as often as he could, catching a final glimpse of her legs as she sat down in his Chevy Malibu.
As she sat, Roxanne felt the dampness between her legs that lightly soaked her thong. When Trent sat in the car, he did not have enough time to perform a gentleman's tuck, and he could feel his stiff bulge pressing against his leg and wonder how much time he had before the water show.
Trent's started the car and headed towards the ramps that guided the garage. Roxanne began scrolling on her phone when she noticed the car going up the ramp to the roof instead of down towards the exit.
"What are you doing?" Roxanne asked curiously.
"I have a hunch I'd like to check out," Trent said rather unsuspiciously. As they pulled to the top of the structure, no other cars were in sight "not surprising, people hate to walk," Trent thought. Searching for the closest spot to the exposed mall square, Trent parked the car in the dimly lit space.
Exiting the vehicle, Trent gave Roxanne a nod suggesting that she follow. They peered over the stone railing and gazed at the open mall and its Christmas glory. They could see each store, light decorations, unaware shoppers walking below, and of course, the centerpiece Christmas tree.
"It's beautiful, you and knack for finding views," Roxanne said, pleasantly surprised.
"Yeah, it's a gift," Trent said. That is when Roxanne looked back and realized Trent wasn't looking over the edge as she was, but again staring at her rear. The intense look no longer being hidden from his face.
"I thought a detour would be nice and allows us to settle on our shenanigans," Trent said.
Before Roxanne could reply, Trent swiftly moved in close, pressing their bodies together face to face. Roxanne's mind spun from the quickness of events taking place. She could feel Trent's hands lower from her back, too tightly clenching her ass. At the same time, she could feel what was unmistakably his hard cock pressed up against her center.
Trent moved his head, so his lips were near Roxanne's ear "let's play a little," he whispered. Trent suddenly approached Roxanne, swiftly hoisting her up by her ass, and placed her on the hood of his car.
"I've been dying for some real chocolate," he said. Roxanne was too stunned to reply, and the next thing she knew, her dress was hiked up, and the thong moved to the side. Trent's mouth was watering from the anticipation of this. He spread Roxanne's legs wide enough to get the grand view of her now unencumbered pussy.
He noticed it was already ready, glistening "seems I wasn't the only one wet tonight," and then took a big lick from her crack to her clit. Trent's felt his cock growing erect with each delicious taste of Roxanne's pussy; each pass between her lips only invigorated him further. Roxanne stared up at the night sky, jaw dropped with pleasure and shock, both escaping her. Her right hand held her up on the hood while her other hand grasped Trent's hair tightly. She could still feel the warmth of the car's hood against her bare ass, along with the night wind occasionally blowing in her face, all adding to the electric pleasures coursing through her body.
Trent felt his hair being grabbed harder "she's close," he thought. Trent began to suck on Roxanne's clit while simultaneously licking it; this caused Roxanne to arch her back as she let out a slight moan. Roxanne could feel the pressure between her legs to grow, her pussy swelling with pleasure as her clit pulsated in Trent's mouth. Roxanne squeezed Trent's head with her thighs as she grew nearer to cumming on his face. Trent ascertained this and began undoing his pants; Roxanne liked to feel his cock in her while she came.
Trent looked up and locked eyes with Roxanne from between her shaking legs. She was slowly moaning fragments of his name. "Not yet!" Trent pulled Roxanne off the car and bent her over the stone rail, "what are you...." Roxanne couldn't finish the sentence before the feeling of the tip of Trent's erect penis traced that outside of her now soaked lips, gathering some of her wetness while also cruelly teasing her aching pussy. He slid his stiff dick up and down several times, sticking the tip in ever so slightly, which he knew agitated Roxanne in all the best ways.
Suddenly Roxanne felt it. Trent inserted his dripping hard cock into Roxanne's now gushing pussy. Roxanne let out an exhale, looking into the mall square.
Trent grabbed Roxanne's hips and began thrusting slowly "this is how you wanted it," Trent proclaimed, whispering in Roxanne's ear, "you like being fucked hard and in public, don't you."
Roxanne couldn't catch her breath; all she could do was moan from the feeling of Trent's thick cock slowly filling her wet pussy. "Yes, baby!" Roxanne managed to let out.
"You ready for me to fuck you?" Trent replied.
"Yes!" Roxanne moaned. Trent grabbed Roxanne's hips for dear life and thrust faster and faster. With each of his strokes going deeper into Roxanne's pussy, Trent' was captivated by her warmth and wetness.
Trent looked down and spotted Roxanne's white milky cum beginning to coat his hard cock as he increased the pressure. Smack! Trent slapped Roxanne's ass hard "that's right, give it to me," Trent said to Roxanne. He loved egging her on to cum. Roxanne felt her legs begin to buckle as she grew closer to cuming. Her hands pressed against the concrete rail and her gaze switched between the sky and the mall below.
She looked back only to see Trent's eyes laser-focused on her ass and his cock going in and out of her pussy. Roxanne couldn't hold it any longer and covered her mouth before letting out a moan. Trent watched as her cream poured onto his cock, and Roxanne's legs trembled. After a few more slow deep strokes, Trent slowly pulled his cock out, causing Roxanne to moan, his cock drenched in her creamy white cum.
Trent took a breath, but before he could let it out, Roxanne was squatting with Trent's glazed but throbbing cock in hand.
"Wait." Trent tried to say, but Roxanne had already swallowed a third of Trent's dick, catching all her juices on her tongue while slathering his dick with it. Roxanne slowly stroked Trent's dick, sucking the tip of his penis and massaging his balls with her other hand. Trent was in ecstasy and completely defenseless. Roxanne stroked his cock faster while occasionally alternating, filling her mouth with it.
Trent began to moan uncontrollably, "baby, yes, I'm close!" Roxanne stroked faster, with each pass synchronized with her tongue swirling the tip of his penis. Roxanne's eyes fixed on Trent's still rock-hard dick. She always made it a point to be thorough and licked every inch, even taking the time to suck and lick his balls lightly. Trent was craving this moment for what felt like ages. Roxanne was master with her mouth. He felt her tongue lick every inch of him in fine detail, with a perfect stroke game that drove him mad with pure divine pleasure. Trent felt the build-up in balls as he drew nearer to erupting.
Trent grabbed the back of Roxanne's head as his head exploded his warm load straight into Roxanne's mouth and down her throat. Roxanne kept sucking and licking, making sure to get every last drop. Trent squirmed in pleasurable agony, sporadically twitching with each tongue stroke on his tip. Roxanne was greedy when it came to tasting Trent; she genuinely loved the taste of him. On the other hand, Trent loved watching as Roxanne took in and swallowed every drop, her beautiful lips perfectly wrapped around his tip. He even rejoiced in seeing her throat as she drank it down.
"That's desert," Roxanne said, looking up at Trent. He exhaled into the night air. He looked into Roxanne's eyes and saw the same carnal look given right back to him.
"We're going to finish this at home," Trent said slyly. The night air blew on his soaked but still, stiff cock, perfectly exposed by the moonlight.
"Happy for seconds," Roxanne responded. Roxanne now back up face to face with Trent and planted a hard kiss, causing them to taste each other.
"Do you think anyone heard?" Roxanne asked, "And if they did," Trent said as he shrugged nonchalantly. They then adjusted themselves, entered the Chevy, and began the journey home.