The premise of this story was fun, but after nearing the end of this sequel, I questioned the value of making it into a series. Probably not, so I hope it's left on an interesting note. Feedback is always appreciated, even for these highly-fantastical, silly romps.
Quick warning. There are elements of this story that may be incestuous in nature, so if that's not your bag, please avoid. However, I don't want to place it in the Incest category, as that is not the theme. It was always intended to have an exhibitionist bent, with a few hardcore elements. I'll leave it to admins to decide if it's appropriately left here.
Cheers!
*****
"Sexual Tourettes."
That is the best way to describe my boss' condition. Suffering from a mental disorder similar to tourettes, Mr. Henry Tovall voices almost every fleeting thought that enters his mind. I might be exaggerating - but only by a little - when I say that Mr. Tovall proves the theory that men think about sex every seven seconds. He will often blurt out lewd, sexual comments during the course of any conversation. It doesn't help that I have big tits. They draw attention, whether I want them to, or not.
Serving as Mr. Tovall's personal assistant over this past month thrust me into an interesting world. I stayed on his island, where I had my own office in his mansion. I hesitate to call it a real mansion, but it did have at least eight bedrooms, multiple living and recreation areas, two kitchens, and plenty of bathrooms. As Mr. Tovall is a billionaire, we had every amenity one can imagine: tennis, bowling, an enormous pool, two hot tubs, the the beach (of course). We even have great cell phone reception. It was like living on holiday all the time.
Technically, my office was Miss Patricia Marsh's office. She was Mr. Tovall's long-term PA, but needed a replacement while undergoing a series of surgeries on a bad leg, back on the main land. It was a Wednesday morning when I got up early, and rather than heading to the shower like usual, I threw on a short robe and zipped over to the office, located on the opposite wing of the property. I needed to print out a string of emails before Henry arrived. I'd start it up, and come back to shower and dress, before officially starting the day.
Henry and I meet every morning at seven sharp to discuss each day's itinerary. That gave me almost a half hour, but just as I flicked on the computer, the purple line rang. Mr. Tovall has two land lines, and the purple one indicates 'pick up at all costs'. Very few people have that number. Without hesitating, I snatched it up and answered, "Mr. Henry Tovall's office. May I help you?"
"Pat? It's Mona," said the voice on the phone. She was speaking loud and fast, not pausing between words or sentences. "Tell Henry I'll be there Friday before lunch. I'm only staying the weekend."
Immediately, sirens went off in my head. Mona Tovall is Henry's mother. From what Patricia told me, Henry loves her like any son would, but she drives him crazy, often trying to interject herself into his affairs. "Miss Tovall, this is Lucy. Lucy Landers. I'm filling in for Miss Pa-"
"Great, Lucy. Tell Henry I'll be there Friday. Probably before lunch."
Before I could respond, the line went dead. Frantic, I rushed to pull up the call-back number, but it was unlisted. I checked the Rolodex and tried the number I found there. There was no answer. I opened up old emails in Patricia's inbox to see if I could find any communication from Henry's mother. I had to find a way to reach out, with an excuse to disrupt her intention of coming here Friday.
In the short month I'd worked with Henry, I knew such a short-warning stressor was a bad thing for him. When stressed, his thinking gets scattered, and his sexual tourettes issue only gets worse. I bet his annoying mother knew that, too. I had no luck with finding anything in the emails, and was about to try the phone number again, when Henry barged through the door. Surprisingly, he was already dressed, a look often reserved for later in the day... or not at all.
Did I mention that? The folks around here, on this secluded island, sometimes go naked, and Henry does it more than the others. When he does dress, it's surprisingly stylish. He looks more like a GQ model, than a tech billionaire. Today, it was slim-fitting slacks and a spotless, solid-blue shirt, looking utterly handsome in his attire. Regardless, I'd be lying if I didn't say I preferred seeing Henry naked. Some guys just got it, and while I hadn't crossed any sexual lines with Mr. Tovall (unless you count that bizarre incident on my first day), I enjoyed his body for the eye candy, if nothing else.
"Holy shit, you're already here!" exclaimed Henry. It wasn't quite ten minutes to seven. Henry scanned me up and down in my short robe, and I realized half of my left breast was practically pouring out. I immediately adjusted, as I knew it would get comments. He started right in with the first one, "I am so glad I wore pants today. I'll get hard looking at that. Should I leave the door open, or closed?"
"Come on in, Henry," I said, waving him forward. It looked like my shower would have to wait. "I have disturbing news for you."
"What is it, and why are you such a prude? You wear too much."
He was staring at my tits, but considering they were barely covered by the robe, it was understandable. Like any man who sees a bit of flesh, they want to see more, and Henry just had to voice that opinion. He struggled to look away, yet that only led him to my legs, where the robe barely covered my crotch. He had seen me naked a time or two already, yet here I struggled, contemplating which action might be more lewd: sitting or standing? I didn't want to set his condition off any worse than it was, and telling Henry his mother was coming to visit wouldn't help. I breathed in. Here goes. "I just got off the phone with your mother."
I could see the blood immediately rush out of his cheeks. "Jesus Christ, did she say she was going to drop in unexpectedly?"
"Yes," I said.
"Of course she did. I bet she KNOWS Patricia is out. Somehow she must have found out. She never tries that shit with Patricia around." Henry was tightly closing his fists and clinching his teeth. "That bitch."
Based on what Patricia told me, Henry never says the cruel and harmful (or sexual) things, in any meaningful way. Again, it's just passing thoughts that we all have. Poor Henry just lacks the filter we all possess. I explained, "Your mother, at first, called me Patricia. She acted like she does this all the time. Dropping in. Miss Marsh warned me, though, and I tried-"
"And Mom talked all over you." Henry crossed his arms, shaking his head. "I want to milk you like a cow."
I looked down, noticing my robe was open slightly again. I shifted, fixing it. "Yes, she wouldn't let me get a word in."
"Not at a worse time. I intended to work on the Hobart project this weekend. Now she's going to make me cater to her every fucking whim. Godda-"
"I'll stop her when she lands," I exclaimed. "They can rest and refuel, but I will tell her you are buried in an important project. It's the truth."
"It isn't good enough, sugar tits. You try telling your mom, that work is more important than her. Then try telling MY mom that."
Henry had a point. My mother was furious with me right now, for leaving the city so suddenly to come work here. It was one of the reasons I avoided calling her. I hadn't visited, either, since taking the job. In fact, it was Mom who reached out to me first.
**
It was five or six days after I had started, when Mom's number came up on my cell. Mr. Tovall and I were in his back office at the time and he allowed me to take the call. "Hello?" I answered.
"Lucy! Is it true? You moved out of Boston OVERNIGHT, and you didn't call me? Your sister told me. I can't believe you would do such a thing. Are you okay? Have you lost your mind?"
"It's my mother," I whispered to Henry, who instantly fell victim to his vocal tic and boomed back with, "Oh, does she have tits like yours?"
If I were to have responded, it would have been a yes, but it was inappropriate. I waved him off and said, "I'll be just a second."
"WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?" screamed Mom. She must have heard Henry through the phone.
"Mom, mom! Calm down. It was nothing-"
"Nothing? He just asked what my tits look like? Who was that? Where are you?"
I held the phone's receiver and looked at Henry. "Can you please give me a minute?"
Henry scooted off and I put the phone back to my ear, hearing every word of it from Mom. "Samantha says you're living on some island in God knows where, and YOU didn't even call me?"
"It happened so fast, Mom."
"And the comment about your breasts? If mine look like yours? Who was that?"
"That was Henry, my boss."
"What kind of boss would say something like that? Just who are you working for?"
"Mom, calm down. It's not at all what you think. I mean, I guess on your side it looks crazy, but I assure you it isn't."
I spent time explaining that it was indeed the billionaire Henry Tovall who I worked for, on his secluded island off the coast of Florida. I didn't bother explaining the Sexual Tourettes issue. In fact, I wasn't allowed. It was to be kept a secret, of course. Instead, I bumbled through an excuse, how Henry had tried making a joke off a previous conversation that was actually completely innocent in nature. "You heard a quip out of context," I lied.
I don't know whether it was convincing, but Mom stopped pressing the issue. "I want to go there, and see you," she insisted.
"You can't do that, Mom, but I can fly out to see you any time, on my days off. I might need to check with the boss first, but it won't be a problem."
"I want to see you now. I worry about you."
"Of course you do, but I promise in a few weeks I'll fly back and visit. I'm sorry I didn't call you about my status. I kind of got thrown into this, because of Patricia's surgery." It took a while to get her off the phone, but Mom finally calmed down and let me get back to work.
**
Though a few weeks had passed since that conversation, I had yet to make any attempt to leave the island and visit her. Now, with Henry's own mother flying in this weekend, it would delay that opportunity even longer. I suppose I should at least call my mother to schedule a time to see her.
"Fuck it, fine, whatever," said Henry now, mulling over his mother's coming visit. "It's one weekend. We'll bear through it. I might hide from everyone for most of it, but screw it."
"I'm surprised you're taking it so calmly," I said.
"Oh, I'm not calm about it, just distracted. Jesus, will you pull those out already? And do you have the emails I asked you to get?"
I ignored the comment about my tits, of course. "Shit, that's why I came down here in the first place. Those emails. I'll print them now."
I leaned forward at the computer and tapped a few times on the mouse, pulling up the appropriate files. It took a second for me to realize that my left breast had fallen completely out during the act. 'Damn this stupid, short robe!' I screamed in my head. I snatched at the cloth, a bit too quickly, pulling it up from the bottom, exposing my stubble.
"Nice patch. I could graze on that all day. How long will it take those emails to print?"
Once again, I disregarded the vulgarity and answered, "A few minutes at most, but I was intending to take a quick shower."
"What, are you fucking nasty?"
By now, Henry knew me well enough not to be embarrassed by his awkward statements, but sometimes, when they're just left hanging there... well, it still feels a bit odd.
"Uh, not nasty, but not clean, either," I giggled. "Do you mind?"
"Hurry back."
I did, but not without taking a moment to knock one out. Henry, eyeballing me like he did, while I was barely dressed in that robe, was undeniably hot. His unusual condition, coupled with the unique "bohemian" environment I found myself in, where any manner of dress is acceptable, made it very easy for me to get sexually stimulated. I masturbated much more here, than when I lived in the city.
Without addressing the matter about his mother too often, Henry and I spent the rest of Wednesday and Thursday attending regular business matters. The plane was scheduled to arrive at eleven on Friday, and I was the only one greeting them on the tarmac. "I'll be in my back office," Henry told me. "Just buzz me or something when she gets here."
I wasn't sure how Mona Tovall would take to not being met by her son, but instead by me, a stranger. I was dressed in my nicest business suit, and prepared myself mentally. I'd been warned she was boisterous, and could be overbearing.
The small planes that land on this island don't require a long airstrip. Once they're visible in the sky, they're soon parked on the concrete. The hatch opened downward, and a small staircase extended from it. To my horror, the first person that stepped out wasn't Mona Tovall, but Betty Landers, my mother. My heart jumped out of my chest. Every unimaginable thought I could fathom raced through my mind. My mother was a "newborn" Christian conservative. She wasn't always that way (quite the opposite), but she was about to be in the presence of Henry Tovall. It was going to get awkward.
"Lucy? Lucy!" My mom screamed, rushing down the metal steps. "Oh, baby. Why haven't you been answering my calls?"
"Uh, too busy learning the new job, Mom. What is this? How did you...?"
Then, the woman whom I could only assume was Mona, stepped out of the plane. Like the assets my mother and I share, her tits were big, but unlike us, obviously fake. She approached, while Mom answered me, "What did you expect me to do? You rush off to take some job out of nowhere? Living with some billionaire? And expect me to not worry? I called his mother, of course!"
"His mother? How did even get her number? I couldn't even find her number." I looked to Mona and attempted a smile, but it was in vain. My mother's presence had me completely caught off guard. That's when I saw Samantha, my sister, popping through the plane's door. Her arms were piled with luggage, as she clumsily made her way down.
"It's not like Miss Mona is some deeply reclusive public figure. Not like her son, anyway" said Mom, scoffing. "I just made a few phone calls, and she got back to me. Unlike you, young lady, you never got to me. More to the point, what is happening with you? Why have you been ignoring me?"
Mona burst in, "She's no different than my son, Betty. Never thinks to call. They don't understand that we mothers worry."
"Why didn't you tell me you were coming?" I pleaded to Mom. "And you brought Samantha?" The anxiety was so overwhelming, I thought I might pass out.
"I decided to surprise you. After the third time you didn't call me back, I thought maybe I ought to see this place myself."
"Mom, you can't just-"
"Hey, who's this?" asked Henry, coming up from behind me. It might have been back in my chest, but I think my heart stopped beating for a moment, this time. I'd had no time to warn my mother and sister about Henry's condition, and no time to warn Henry about their presence. "And what is this? A tit jamboree? My God, look at yourselves. It's utterly ridiculous. Cows, the lot of you." Then he glanced at Samantha. "Almost the lot of you."
Henry's mom rolled her eyes, while mine responded by raising her brows and sucking in her breath, which only made her tits look bigger. That's not good, I thought. Samantha was more like Dad, tall and wrangly. We weren't super close, but if I had to guess, she was maybe a b-cup.
I was too stunned to say anything after Henry's remark, so Mona burst in, "Henry, this is Betty Landers, Lucy's mother. She reached out to me personally, and I insisted she come see the place for herself. She was very worried, because her daughter" - Mona gave me a stern look - "ceased communicating with her."
"I didn't cease anything," I protested. "I have been very busy, and well..." It dawned on me that perhaps the reason I hadn't been talking to Mom, was I didn't want to risk telling her about my boss' strange condition. For some reason, I might have felt as much humiliation as he did about it. I certainly wanted it kept secret, every bit as much as he does.
Mona interrupted again, addressing everyone before I could finish. "So I lied to Miss Lucy, and didn't let her know her mother was coming. I promised Betty I would put her mind at ease, and what better way, than a surprise visit? I also told her all about you, son."
'Did she? Did she really?' I wondered.
"I hope you told her those tits are always welcome here." he said, pointing at my mom's chest, before addressing his own mother again. "Mona, this is more than an inconvenience. I already had my weekend booked," but he didn't argue the point further, and instead immediately turned to me. "Lucy, why did you stop talking to your Mom?"
My brain was fried. I was trying to gauge Mom's shock/reaction to Henry's rude comment on her tits, while also attempting to come up with valid reasons why I hadn't called her recently. "I, uh... I..." Mom stood there, tapping a finger against her crossed arms, waiting for an answer, or any flimsy excuse. Finally, I just sighed and confessed, "You're right. Mom, I'm sorry. I should have called. It's just been a new experience here, and I wanted to get settled in. It's not a good excuse. I don't mean to be hiding from you, or shunning you."
Mom huffed, but nodded. "You can make it up to me this weekend. Mona insisted Henry would be okay with me having the weekend to my daughter. Is that right, Mr. Tovall?"
Of course, my mother was answering for him. It was a sincerely, insincere question, yet he rolled with it and said, "If you must."
"Well, sure," I interrupted. "We can fly over to Miami and-"
"Nuh, uh, Missy. A private beach to ourselves here? And a pool? This is perfect!" Mom waved her hands around, taking in the beautiful scenery. I realized that my mother hadn't responded to Henry's lewd comments earlier. Maybe Mona had indeed briefed her, but did Mom have any idea that sometimes the people living here go naked on that beach?
"Yeah, okay, Mom." I nervously looked to Henry. "Is that okay?"
"Absolutely, glad to have you." His voice was flat. It may have been the first lie I'd ever heard from his lips, I wasn't sure. Henry wasn't smiling, nor frowning. "I'm sure Mona will keep us all busy, knowing her."
He genuinely did not seem thrilled by this; more like he was simply allowing himself to be subjected to it. I hoped my mother's imposition wasn't off-putting to Henry, about me, anyway. As I knew Henry, he was a very private person, who only enjoyed social moments on his own terms and time. Outside of work, he wasn't one to visit with others for any long duration. Understandable, considering his condition. Instead, Henry enjoyed burying his body and brain into his projects and hobbies. Often, he worked out to relieve stress, as well.
Samantha finally dropped her luggage, stepping closer to Mom. This was when Henry's condition finally got the better of him. "Jesus, here I was thinking I'd like to see these ladies naked, but you have me wondering why you bother wearing clothes at all. You don't have anything to cover." He then quickly addressed Mona. "Mom, why don't you show these girls the guest bedrooms. You know where they are."
Henry was about to walk off, when Sam butted in, "Excuse me?"
I bolted towards her, touching her forearm, "Relax. Let it go," I whispered. I saw red in her face, and squeezed harder on her arm, drawing her attention back to me. "I mean it. Calm down."
Knowing that perhaps my job was on the line, Samantha reluctantly agreed. She had Dad's temper, no doubt. An awkward silence hung in the air as Henry finally scooted off, leaving me facing these three somewhat irritated women. Sam, over Henry's comment. Mom, over not communicating with her, and Mona, by attempting to block her efforts at imposing on her son. "You have some explaining to do," said Mom.
Something overcame me, but I didn't lose my composure. Instead, I stood upright and faced them all. "No. No, I do not. I am an adult, and my life is my life. Whether my choices are right or wrong, you should respect them." Mom's eyes went wide as I scolded her. I turned to Mona. "And the same for you, Miss Tovall, in regards to your son. This is the last time you will ever pull a surprise visit on me, is that understood? I might be new, but I am no fool."
It was clear Mona didn't like me. I could see it in her face. But it was Samantha I worried about the most, being trapped here on this island. Sam was still in college, and going through her "woke" phase, as it were. She marched in every protest, and twisted every societal problem into a feminist issue. She means well, but it infects her personality. I couldn't see how she would be able to cope in Mr. Tovall's presence. I held up my hand. "Before we go inside, have you and Sam been properly briefed about Mr. Tovall. Mom?"
Sam was sneering, but stayed quiet, while Mom waved me off, saying, "Mona told us all about it. Henry can't help what he says sometimes."
"It's a bit more complex than that," I began.
Mona pushed past me. "Yes, yes, I've heard it, too. Henry can just be a brute. You have to get used to it."
I couldn't believe Henry's own mother would be so flippant about his condition. The three decided to ignore me at this point and followed the billionaire's mother.
"Come on, I'll find you some rooms," she said.
I noticed the pilot and assistant waited until we left the area, before they scrambled out and attended the plane. I found it interesting how Henry could pay people so easily to afford him his privacy. In a short time, they would be gone.
***
It was a couple hours later now, and Henry still hadn't come out of his private office. I stayed with the girls, and after a short lunch, we went outside to the cabana. I headed straight to the bar, prepping drinks for everyone. Pretty sure I needed it more than them. Once finished, I walked the drinks over to a table, where we sat under the shade of an umbrella.
Mona warmed up to me a little, as Mom relayed exaggerated stories of Sam and me growing up. Mona interjected many times with tales of Henry, too. The two bantered well together. Mona was deep into one of her stories now, "... it was a teen pregnancy, you know. Henry's dad was considerably older. A secret marriage, no one knew about until I was 21."
I was thinking it was beginning to sound gross, and might explain some of Henry's condition, but I kept my thoughts to myself.
"When Henry started... acting up... his father kind of turned from him for a while, but once Henry's brilliance became known, it was all one could do to shut the man up about it. He bragged to everyone on the golf course, and at the office, how his son had a genius I.Q., a master pianist at the age of eleven, and doing quantum physics in high school."
Much of this information was new to me. I had no idea Henry was a musician. It made him all the more appealing. Not to mention, knowing how smart he actually was. I didn't realize he was a true-to-the-word prodigy. After another two drinks, Mom spoke. "How about we go to the beach? It's perfect out right now. Warm, but not hot. Nice breeze."
Sam nodded at me. "You know how Mom loves the beach."
I knew when she was younger, Mom loved to wear skimpy bikinis that made me and Sam blush. Hopefully, she'd outgrown that immodesty. She'd gotten pretty preachy when she converted, too, so I wondered if that would influence her actions now. "Alright, already. Go get your swimsuits on." I scooched my chair back to get up, and do the same.
"Not me," said Mona. "We're all alone out here. I'll be in my birthday suit, not a swimsuit, thank you very much." Cocky and confident, I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised that Henry's mother was as comfortable with open nudity as he was. It seemed the attitude of naturists. Sam almost choked, shocked by the idea she would have to see Mona naked. Sam wasn't into plastic surgery for vanity's sake, as was so apparent with Mona.
"It's cool," I said. "Mona is right. Everyone is welcome to dress how they please on a secluded island. I'll go get my suit." I emphasized the last sentence, so Mom and Sam would know it was perfectly fine to wear suits around here. They followed me into the house while Mona called back, "See you out there!"
I opened the sliding door, taking us into a living area. The far hall led off to the guest bedrooms, while mine was upstairs. "I'll be down in a bit," I said, just as Henry popped into view, briefly scoping us out. "Oh, good. Everyone getting along?"
"Yes," I said. "We're headed to the beach."
My mother stepped forward to shake his hand. "I feel like we haven't had a proper introduction. I'm Betty. This is Sam."
Henry was biting a trembling, bottom lip, working fiercely to manage his condition. I'd seen it before. He shook her hand and repeated the exercise with Sam. "Have you had lunch?" he managed to ask, without adding any vulgarity.
"A couple hours ago, soon after they arrived," I said. "It was a snack, mostly. We'll eat after we get some sun."
"Oh, okay," he said. So far, he was holding up, I thought. I was proud of him, but then he said, "If I didn't have to see my Mom with her big fake tits, I'd be out there with you." Well, that didn't last, I thought. It was astounding how Henry could say something like that, without an ounce of inflection in his voice. Just so pragmatic. Sam seemed to like the negative comment Henry made about his mother's body. I saw her grinning.
"Uh, it's fine, Henry. We can entertain ourselves. You can stay inside. If you want, come have dinner with us later." I wasn't sure I was being sincere in the offer.
"Okay, fine," he responded. "I might go windsurfing. Should be a good afternoon for it."
Thoughts of witnessing Henry riding the waves crossed my mind, imagining his firm, muscular body commanding the water. "Oh, that's great. I haven't seen you do that before."
"From time to time. You should try it, too." Then he looked at my chest. "Though it does involve a lot of balancing."
I scoffed. "Okay, boss. See you later!" I wanted to get the girls out of there, before things got worse with his language.
The only suit I have is a yellow bikini. It isn't too provocative, considering it's a two-piece, but still, there's always plenty of skin on display with a bikini. Henry always says something lewd when he sees me in it, and it had me concerned, until I saw Samantha. She was in a one-piece slingshot number that barely covered the essentials. I was shocked, for a number of reasons. One, my sister has bigger tits than I expected. They're just very firm, and high on her chest, so her clothing hides the curves. She has the type of body that fills out, in a good way, as she ages. Two, I never expected to see her in such a sexualized outfit.
"Samantha. I cannot believe you are wearing that. Mom is going to kill you." Sam used to be such a prude, too. Legit prude.
"You'd know more about me, if you paid attention to my feeds, sis." Sam had lots of social media presence that I ignored. "I've marched naked in the streets. I am a woman, we all have one body, and no body should ever be shamed. I wear what I want."
I wondered if she felt the same about men. "Okay, I get it. Whatever, Sam."
Mom finally came out of her room, wearing more than her old self used to. It was a classic one-piece, as if she was a '50s model. A low angled V at the hips, it then curved in, as it rose up the torso, showing some skin in the midsection, blossoming back out at the chest. Mom had my traits up top (or vice-versa, I guess), and there was a considerable amount of flesh poking out the sides, and bunching up the cleavage. It was more mass than the suit was intended for. Still, she looked good.
"Aren't we quite the trio," shouted Mom, excitedly. "Three, beautiful, single women going to the beach together."
Sometimes Mom wanted to be a friend more than a parent. Sam and I put up with it well enough. Sam was right about one thing, Mom truly loved going to the beach. We didn't have a lot growing up, but she always made time in the summer for a trip to the ocean. I don't know whether it was to relax, or to show off, because she certainly enjoyed strutting around half naked back in those days. Sam and I found it embarrassing when guys would pile around our area of the beach, eager to watch Mom bounce around in the tight, teeny bikinis she always wore.
It wasn't hard to spot Mona, laying nude on a towel, nearer to the water. "I hope she used sunscreen," I whispered, my mother chuckling. Sam stayed silent, seemingly conflicted. She probably felt Mona had every right to be naked, but she didn't particularly care for Mona's personality. Sam walked in front of us, and if Henry had seen that thin, green, string, riding up her ass, she would have gotten an earful, I am sure. I hope if he comes out today, he stays on the water, and doesn't come near us.
"Do they really go naked here?" asked Mom. "On the beach? The staff?"
"Well, some of the time," I said.
To be honest, when Juanita and Rick soak in the sun, it's always naked. Henry, too. I am the only one that typically wears a suit. There have been a couple... exceptions. It's still so hot, thinking back to when Patricia sucked Henry off on the beach. It was my first day on the job. We weren't far from where we are now, where I watched her do the deed... while I masturbated. If anything sealed the deal on this job, that was it, money be damned. It was so hot. Even so, I'm back to being reserved, more focused on showing off my skillset, than my body. It was important to me.
Mona waved as we neared. "Gather around. The sun feels so good!"
Sam huffed and took a spot about fifteen feet from her, putting Mom and I between the two. Mom finally said something to Sam about her suit. "You know, Sam. Now that I see Mona, if anything, you look more provocative than her. Is that really necessary? To invite lust like that? What else is that suit good for?"
Sam laughed, "You should talk."
"What?" defended Mom.
"Mom, do you forget what you used to wear, when you were my age? I've still got pictures!"
"Those were different times. And I was a different person."
"I am a different person," responded Sam. Eloquently well-put, I thought. One of her V-side strings had snapped to the left of one of her nipples. I never realized they were so... pink. But they were well-defined against her pale skin. Sam started applying lotion. "Need some?" she asked to me.
"When you're finished," I said.
"I don't see why you ladies bother with suits," said Mona. "You're all beautiful. What have you to be ashamed of?"
I was getting a clearer picture on Henry's unusual habits and lifestyle now, the way his Mom raised him.
"Oh, I couldn't," said Betty. "Your son might come by... or, I don't know, someone from the staff. How embarrassing..."
Sam rolled her eyes and popped off her suit. "Screw it, Mom. You think this is slutty? How about this?" In seconds, she was fully naked, and again, way hotter than I'd ever guessed her to be. If Henry stopped by, I might get envious that she would get most of his attention.
I felt weird about the idea of getting naked in front of Mom and Mona, so I kept things on. Mom did the same. We applied lotion to our exposed areas, and finally laid back, lightly bantering for some time, before we each dozed off under the warmth of the sun. I had the presence of mind to set an alarm for one hour, just in case, ever playing the role of the responsible one.
But it wasn't the alarm that woke us. "Jesus, Mom. Do you think you could have gotten them any bigger? Was that really what you wanted? Fucking balloons?"
I shot up from the voice. Henry was buck naked facing his mother, but even from this angle I could see his impressive shaft dangling in front of him. I wasn't the only one who woke. We all did, and Sam thrust back to cover her privates from the man, even though Henry wasn't facing her direction.
Mona perched up. "Henry, if you weren't fascinated with them, I'd believe you. Now shut up, before I slap you with them." Henry actually laughed at his mother's response. I suppose they did have a long-term dynamic of dealing with this problem. "You staying, or going in the water?" she asked.
"Wind-surfing. Going to the shack. Once I hit the water, I'll pass by a few times."
Now Mom and Sam were sitting up, and when Henry briefly turned to acknowledge us, they caught sight of his ripped body, and heavy-hanging cock. Samantha was flat-out fucking him with her eyes. I visibly saw her doing kegels while ogling him.
"See you in a bit," Henry said, finally turning to me, facing all of us but his mother now. If there were ever a perfect Playgirl model, Henry would have been the penultimate. "Why can't you be more like your sister, Lucy? She's hot, and she goes naked. Jesus, your tits go to waste. I'll try and perform a flip if the waves are good for it. It's been a while." He turned, and began jogging toward a lone building off in the sand, close to a tree line.
"That boy used to windsurf all the time, in his teens," said Mona. "But he refused to compete. Best I ever saw, though."
"Your son..." said Mom. "When you said he has a dirty mouth, and we have to ignore it... what exactly is that about? Is he just trying to press our buttons?"
"Yeah?" said Sam. "I don't buy it, that he can't control himself."
I butted in, "He does control himself. On more occasions than you know." I began explaining the tourettes issue, and tried to get them to understand it was like having no filter.
"He doesn't need to be having nasty thoughts like that, anyway," countered my sister. "He wouldn't voice them, if he didn't have them in the first place. Pervert."
"Oh, really?" I retorted. "What if you had no filter, and had to say the first thing that came to your mind when he faced you? Fuck, Sam, I saw you. You almost came, just while looking at him."
If I were close enough, Sam would have slapped me. She cackled sounds to protest, but was too insulted by my words to get anything coherent out. "Oh, behave," interrupted Mom. "And Sam, if you're going to be naked, stop acting so silly by covering yourself like that."
I think Mom temporarily forgot she had 'been saved' recently, based on the next series of events. First, she stood up and began peeling off her one piece. Two mammoth, teardrop-shaped breasts poured out, as she unraveled herself from the suit. Mom was better endowed than me, and I suppose I was looking at what my shape might turn out to be, in twenty years or so. I was not unhappy about it. Mom was shockingly... elegant. Her nipples were darker than mine, and had an oblong shape to them, but they were centered on such beautiful mounds, swaying with her motions, yet with a firmness in their bulk. Now I was envious that Mom might be sexier than me, too. Am I the ugly duckling of the family?
And once again, I was the only one dressed while laying out on the beach. That's when Mom's next thing surprised me. "Lucy? You going to join us?"
"Yeah, Lu. You're the host, after all."
I could not believe my sister was egging me on, too. "Fine," I said. "On one condition."
"What's that?" they asked.
"I am not sure what Miss Tovall told you, but to be absolutely clear, neither of you will respond, or get offended, by anything Henry might say to you, or anyone. I don't care WHAT it is. I don't care if you don't understand his condition, or agree that it is genuine. You will shut up and take it. Is that clear?"
Mom sighed, "Lucy. It's pretty much exactly like what Mona said it would be."
Sam huffed again, but backed down. "Fine, whatever. I won't say a word about it."
"Then I'll get naked. Believe me, if Henry sees us this way, you can expect more comments than normal," I warned, while stripping.
"Oh, he just likes women, and he likes to be a bully," snatched Mona. "Put up with it. Ignore it. Joke about it. What else can you do?"
Mona had me baffled. She was explaining the right way to respond to Henry's quirks, but not necessarily for the right reasons. I sensed that she believed her own son was a sexist pig, instead of a man struggling with a genuine communication disorder.
I didn't have to worry about Henry being near us at the moment, as he appeared out in the sea, navigating his craft. We enjoyed watching him from a distance, as he bolted back and forth across the waves, sometimes making giant leaps, then diving in and coming up from the water. It looked incredible.
"How long can he do that for?" asked Sam, in disbelief. It was poetry in movement. Outside of his terrible problem, Henry was a dreamboat.
"Hours on end," said Mona. "But these days, he can't stay focused on any one thing for more than an hour or so at a time."
Okay, maybe she knew her son pretty well, I thought. And she was right. Henry raced back and forth on the water for about forty minutes, before finally bringing it to shore. Rather than coming to us, he thankfully began dragging the equipment back to the shack.
"So what's he like at work?" Sam asked.
"Way better than my last boss, actually. He listens. He's reasonable. I mean, Henry can be eccentric, but he's so efficient with everything he does." Nothing I said was a lie.
"See, honey?" said Mom. "You didn't have to hide from us."
"I... I didn't mean to. It's just..."
"I don't know how you do it," Sam confessed. With Mona in earshot, she didn't say anything else, but I got the idea that Sam was of the opinion that Henry was a chauvinist, thinking little of women. I hoped to convince her otherwise. Sam was the first to spot Henry coming out of the shack. "Should we.. uh.. should we...?"
"What?" Mom said. "Get dressed? You only live once, Sam. Trust me." Mom winked to her. Maybe the beach was bringing back old memories for Mom, back when she was Queen of Attention on it. She sprawled back on her towel, adjusting herself. Her heavy breasts played to the sides of her torso.
'This ought to be interesting,' I thought, tensing up. Sam swallowed, but otherwise held her ground. She sat up like I was, when Henry approached. It was a struggle to keep my eyes above his midsection. I wanted to touch his abs, stroke his chest, and certainly, make my way down.
"That was fun. And now this fuckin' harem." He waved at all the naked bodies before him, taking special notice of Samantha. "Holy shit, you are fucking hot! Turn that ass over so I can see it better." Henry blushed, quickly snapping to me. "And I hoped you enjoyed those big jumps out there. I'll have to take you out sometime. And glad to see you finally loosened up." He motioned at my tits.
"You looked good out there," I said, ignoring the comment. "Your mom told us it used to be a hobby of yours."
"Yeah, that and a few other things." He glanced to his mother, but then back to me and Betty, as if he were comparing our tits. For a brief moment, I felt like meat, being measured up, especially when I noticed his cock twitch for an instant. "You guys decide on dinner?" he asked, switching topics.
"Oh, how about seafood?" asked Mona. "The water always makes me crave it. Anyone allergic?"
We agreed to the idea and Henry offered to find Juanita, the maid and sometimes-cook. "That damn woman can make anything. I know we have fresh crab and shrimp in storage. I'll see what she can come up- with."
"Thanks, Henry," sang Mona.
"You bet, Mom. Gotta feed those tits, after all."
"Any chance you have soft-shell crab?" asked Samantha.
"Any chance you'll stop looking at me like you're a depraved, cock-starving slut?"
I was furiously shaking my head at Samantha to prevent her from attacking Henry, but she was speechless. She had been checking out his package, there was no doubt, and he openly busted her on it. Instead of going off on Henry, Sam fiercely stared him down, before jerking her legs open wide, giving him full view of everything. His cock twitched again.
"That's enough out of you, Henry," yelled Mona. "If anyone's going to do anything to that bone of yours, it's me, when I chew it off your entitled ass."
Henry whipped around, his penis making a 'thud' sound as it bounced against his hip. My mom, wide-eyed, mouthed to me, "Is this normal?"
I shrugged, "Kinda," whispering back.
"K. I'm leaving," said Henry. "I'll go fetch Juanita for dinner. Don't bother getting dressed when you come in. I'd just undress you in my mind, anyway."
With that, Henry left, and Sam kicked at me. "There is something seriously wrong with him."
"Oh, stop it," I said. "Henry wouldn't hurt a fly. Just get over it."
"You barely know him."
Mona overheard us. "Lucy is right. Henry is harmless. He just likes to assert his dominance, or whatever it is. When you get past it, you see a brilliant and loving individual. We tried everything to temper his filthy mouth growing up. Nothing worked."
"How can you believe that?" asked Sam, but Mom responded this time. "Sam, it's his house, his rules. The end. Put up with it."
Surprisingly, Betty seemed to settle the matter. As we gathered our belongings, Mom made it clear she intended to stay as she was, naked. "This is exhilarating. Is this really okay? Going nude in the house?"
"If you want to, Mom," i sighed. Now I felt obligated.
"I know I am," said Sam, to my horror. "If your boss is going to be dropping verbal lewd-bombs on me, I might as well make the fucker suffer." Sure, I thought, that's your reasoning. It was out of character for me.
Even Mona stayed au naturel and hollered when we walked through the door, "Okay, Henry. You win. Naked, it is!" Her voice echoing throughout the rooms, the high ceilings helping to carry the sound.
Henry turned the corner from the hall, coming into view, wearing only a robe. "Juanita says we're to meet in the dining room at 6:30. Oh nice, you're all naked. It will give me good masturbation material tonight." My mom was getting the most of his attention as he said it, and she blushed.
Sam stepped forward, "What if I told you, that if you keep talking like that, I am going to get dressed."
Henry looked down, embarrassed someone breached the subject so directly, but he answered, "Ma'am, I'd comment on that tight snatch of yours, even if you dress in winter clothes. It would be a shame, because you are fucking hot. And yes, we do have soft-shell crab. I'm having it, too."
I could see dampness glistening on Sam's inner thigh. She could pretend all she wanted, but she was reacting positively to Henry's brutal honesty. Sometimes that happened to me, too... like now. We weren't the only ones excited. Henry's shaft was halfway rising through the robe.
"How about we go to the front living room and sit down, while we wait," I said, trying to move things along.
I might not have made the suggestion had I known Sam would take the opportunity to rush towards Henry, grabbing his arm. "Why don't you be an actual gentleman and escort me there." I noticed she had intentionally brushed her leg against his cock. It had to be intentional, as she allowed it to happen twice. Maybe I was getting a little envious, after all. Henry's cock pitched even higher now.
While we visited in the living room, sharing a bottle of wine, I saw Sam exaggerating her movements while in Henry's presence. During the course of the conversation, he must have made eight or nine lewd comments, but nothing worse than when he told her he'd rather eat her out, than the soft-shell crab. Somehow, Sam didn't get triggered.
Finally, Juanita popped in and called, "I have everything set out on the table. Just leave the dishes out, and I'll take care of them in the morning." She looked cute in her little maid's outfit, yet I don't think Henry required her to wear it. She just owned the role.
"What are you doing?" I asked Sam, as we made our way to the dining room.
"I told you," she whispered back. "I'm going to fuck with him. How do you put up with this? Sis, let me show you how it's done."
I had no idea what some sort of revenge-seeking, feminist plot - against a perceived male chauvinist - might include, but I wouldn't have put 'wave your naked body around him' on the top of that list. This is exactly what Sam appeared to be doing. The five of us sat around one end of the large table, with Mona at the head of it. Mom and I were on one side, while Sam and Henry sat across, opposite us.
"Oh, my!" said Mom. She was pointing at the huge rug that encircled us, under the table. "Is that... is that a-"
"Yes, it's a Persian," beamed Mona. "One of the first gifts Henry's father got me. On our first vacation together."
"But isn't this one an antique. I can tell by the-"
"You're right," Mona winked. "The price was obscene. Still... not so pricey that it shouldn't be used for its purpose."
"I'm almost afraid to be standing on it."
"Don't be. I make sure Henry takes great care with it. Walking on it will do it no damage... assuming you're gentle. Now stains, on the other hand... well, just be careful with your wine."
I noticed Sam was edged much closer to Henry, than Mom and I were to each other. Was she really going to tease him this entire evening? Try to set him off in some way? Henry was practically sweating. I assumed it was taking great mental exercise for him to hold back; doing his best to not blurt out a million sexual thoughts, while eating seafood with four naked women.
We dug into the food. I was starving. Sam, being her old self, didn't eat much, devouring one crab, before nurturing another glass of wine. The rest of us took our time, and tested every dish. Henry finally spoke. "How long are you staying, Mom?"
"We'll be out of your hair first thing Monday morning."
"Next time, give us more time to prepare, and you have juice on your tits."
That last line seemed strange. I looked to Mona's tits. Some cocktail sauce, or bits of debris, had landed on top of her left breast.
"Oh, thank you, Henry." She applied a napkin, wiping her flesh..
"Woulda been better if you licked it off," Henry scoffed. "Or if you did it for her," pointing at my mom with a fork. "Where are you originally from?"
Suddenly, I saw Henry jerk up. That was strange. It looked like the kind of thing that someone with a physical tic would do, but the only tic Henry had was the verbal one. Mom clinched at first, but then responded. "Oh, I'm born and raised Minnesota. It's a big story as to how we ended up in Boston."
"As big as those tits?"
"Uh... uh... no... well, yes... but..." Mom was scattered from Henry's incredibly rude question, yet trying to get past it all the same. "It just, we had many adventures along the way."
"Mmhmm," responded Henry, tight-lipped. That's when I saw it. Something in the way Henry was moving... which led me to Sam, and her right arm. It was moving up and down rapidly. First, I noticed, then Mom, then Mona. Sam pumped even faster, as we all became aware of her actions. Henry started moaning, deeper in pitch.
"Henry?" said Mona. "Jesus, Henry, already? Here? Of all places!" Then Mona's face changed, a look of horror on it. "No, not on the Persian!" Before anyone could react, she jumped under the table, just as Henry cried out in orgasmic pleasure.
Mom and I both were slack-jawed. I thought I had seen it all, but when Mom and I stooped down to witness what was happening under the table, I saw a lot more. Sam was still furiously pumping Henry's cock, now into Mona's mouth, even though it was apparent he had already cum. His body was quivering, and he relaxed back into the chair.
Finally, Mona pulled off, bitching, "You know damn well that cum stains the Persian, Henry. I couldn't allow that to happen and you know it. Not going to risk having you ruin it, over some stupid act to get your jollies off." She pushed herself out from under the table, standing up, eyeing my sister with a scowl. Mom and I were still speechless, just watching the act play out. "You couldn't have saved that for a more appropriate time?"
"The slut started it," said Henry, pointing to Sam.
"I don't care who started it," said Mona. "I have told you a thousand times. You must become more aware of inappropriate behavior. You could have pushed the slut off of you. Waited until later. Beat off in your room, or even have a cup handy."
"You could have used a napkin, Mom. If anyone's the cum-slut, it's-"
"Don't you even go there, young man. I had to think on my feet." She swallowed, and I could almost hear the rest of it going down.
I don't know if I was offended, shocked, disappointed, creeped, or what, but I was undeniably wet. I mean, I should have been all kinds of upset. My sister had just given my boss a handjob, into his mother's mouth.
Sam finally spoke, "See, Lulu? They're just perverts. They talk like that, because it's who they are."
"Wait, what?" I scoffed. Mona had just called my sister a slut, and that was insulting speech for sure, especially from someone who doesn't suffer from a condition like Henry, but on the other hand, Mona and Sam don't get along very well. Bitch-speak.
"I don't care about the rug, Mom," said Henry. "That was the best handjob I ever got."
"How dare you?" retorted Mona, which caused me to raise an eyebrow. Was she offended Henry didn't care about her precious rug, or offended by saying the best handjob he ever got was from my sister?
"Wait!" cried Betty. "This has to stop!"
Everyone went silent.
Finally, she spoke again. "This is not normal. My daughter just gave a handjob to a practical stranger, my other daughter's boss, and YOU just swallowed your own son's sperm. Someone has got to be the voice of reason-"
Mona interrupted. "What the fuck are you talking about? Your daughter started it by giving your son a handjob. What healthy, sexual male is going to deny himself of that? And so what if I don't want to stain the carpet? Here you are. You could have helped!"
Go, Mom! Thank hell I wasn't the only one having these thoughts, but then the sight of her reminded me of the absurdity of this whole situation. "Mom, you are butt naked. None of this normal."
Mona butted in, "Hey, I want to know what her problem is? Who are you to judge your daughters' behavior?"
My mom was speechless she was the one being questioned about her behavior, when Henry spoke up. "It's fine. My mom can be outrageous sometimes. Calm down. Believe me, if you would let me cum on your tits, I would have chosen that, over my mom's mouth."
"I... I... I don't know what to say," my Mom said.
I reached out, hugging her from the side. "Relax, Mom. We're all adults. Whatever. Can we just enjoy the beach and our time together this weekend?"
There was a long pause, when my mother finally sighed, slowly turning to Henry. "Not before your boss cums on my tits."
Instantly, Henry smiled. Another fleeting-thought-fantasy of his was about to come true. I guess I had been misreading my mother. She might have been shocked by this bizarre behavior (much like I was), but all the same, she was horny, too. I understood the feeling, and leaned in. "Can I join in?"
"Come on, sis!" injected Sam, forcing herself up and leaning over the table. "Can't you see it now? There's no 'condition' - it's all made up."
I moved next to Mom on the floor, where we dropped to our knees. Henry stood, walking around Mona to reach us, his heavy, wet cock hanging there. I wanted to suck it immediately, but Mom got to it first.
"Lucy," Sam continued, "I did that, to prove to you that he just says these things to push yo-"
I snapped, turning to her. "Shut it, Sam! I don't care!"
I didn't. All I cared about right now was getting off, while working Henry's beautiful shaft over with my very own mother. My pussy was soaking. Then I heard Mona addressing Sam. "Nothing we say is going to stop them. How about we get reacquainted?"
I glanced over to watch the brief interaction. Sam turned to Henry's Mom, sighing, a rather lengthy pause. Then Sam said the damndest thing. "Mona. I know what I'd like to do with you, but it isn't talking. I think there might could find a better way of getting to know each other."
"I was hoping you say that," giggled Mona. "Aren't you the slut, after all?"
Sam rolled her eyes. "You and I are about to go to war." She reached for Mona's hand, and helped her out of the chair. "We'll be in my room," said Sam, escorting her catch for the night.
I turned back to Mom. "You gonna give me some of that?"
She stopped, pulling it out. "Uh, no. You get him all the time. I'm just a passing visitor." Mom then slid it back into her mouth, taking it deeper than I thought possible.
"Uh, Henry and I haven't actually-"
"Your fault" Mom said, in a muffled voice, her mouth stuffed.
"Don't worry, Lucy. It's about time we fucked. Soon as your mom leaves."
Just like I'd done when watching Patricia work Henry's cock, I began masturbating while watching Mom. I looked at Henry, making sure he witnessed what I was doing. "Your condition isn't real, is it?" I asked.
"If you're suggesting I really don't want to stuff your face with my cock, you'd be wrong."
"No, Henry, I mean you CAN control what you say, and you don't"
"Can I control saying I'm about to cum on your mom's tits?"
I lifted mine, "Save some for me."