When the phone call came from Mark with instructions from him on her outfit for tomorrow, Anne realized that by the end of the day on Monday, she will have been nude in front of an unknown number of people, and her naked physical features will not be a mystery to anyone present for her session. She went into the house and put on a dress, the first garment she wore all day, and went back out to the deck, to the disappointment of the two men. She felt suddenly shy.
After the phone call from Mark, Steve noticed the pensive mood that Anne was in, and that she dressed, so he asked. "You look sad and a little fearful Anne, what is the matter?"
Addressing both men present. "I'm thinking about tomorrow, I don't know how many people will be at the session, and if I will know any of them. I will not have any secretes from them, they will know what my breast looks like, the most intimate part of me, my pussy, they will know the size of the slit, know the color of my pubic hair, and will see my brown star. Do you think they will think I am a bad person for modeling like that and more importantly will you think I am a slut after I model?" Anne asked as she needed positive reinforcement from her husband to go through with the session tomorrow, as she is scared presently of the possibility if she models she will be ridiculed by some people in their area that they find out about her total exposure. The area is close knit, but hopefully being a half hour away in the city will be far enough, so her naked display will not reach their neighborhood.
"Anne do you want to model?"
"Yes, but what if some of the busybodies in our neighborhood finds out."
"The way I think about it, those people have nothing else to do, and if they are talking about me, they are leaving someone else alone. That is the way you should think of it also. I am behind you one hundred percent, if you want to model and enjoy it that is great. You should do it. It is not illegal, and you can make more money modeling than you can in retail. It is very courageous of you to model and put your naked body out there for all to see. The group you model for will be grateful that you have the courage to expose your body in this way, so they can become better at their craft." Steve explains to his wife.
This conversation went on in front of Lou who was sitting near the pool listening to the couple discuss Anne's session tomorrow.
Lou had to put his two cents in. "Anne you're a beautiful woman and to see you today have fun and to give us the pleasure of visually taking in you beauty, I think you will have fun modeling and they photographers will be thankful to you for your courage to put your body on display. As you know the reason they use the human form is because it is the most difficult to photograph, draw or paint and being nude there are not lines like there are with clothes on, so there is need to learn about composition be able to product an award winning photograph, drawing or painting."
"Finally, Anne you look much better nude than with the dress on." Steve said when he went over and hugged her as he removed her dress. She helped him as he brought the garment over her head, she raised her arms.
"Thanks guys I needed the encouragement." Anne stated and smiled; the stress left her body.
They had a cookout and after Lou went home Anne tried to initiate a passionate night, but Steve wanted her to be horny for the next day, and besides he needed a rest from all the sexual gymnastics they indulged in the last few days.
The following day Anne awoke again to the smell of coffee, she took a shower dried and went to the kitchen nude. Steve was at the stove he made an omelet to eat and asked Anne. "What do you feel like my love." He meant what do you want to eat.
"Why don't you come over and find out." Anne being wise stated.
"You know what I mean wise girl." He laughed. "Your mind doesn't rise above your waist these days, that's a guys job to think like that." He said as they both laughed.
"I Will have the same you. It looks good."
"Here you can have mine and I will make another." As Steve served his wife as he continued. "I am glad you're out of the doldrums you were in last night."
"Yes, I became scared that I am doing the wrong thing and afraid that someone we know will find out."
"Don't worry Anne, just go and have a good time. Oh, and I took the day off to go with you."
"Really, that is great, I can show off for you today." Anne said excited that her husband will be with her to make up for the time she auditioned without him and for moral support.
Anne did her hair and makeup, while Steve cleaned up the kitchen, for the first time in their marriage, it took Steve longer dress than it did for Anne, she just put on a dress and shoes. Steve opened the door to the car for his wife when they were ready to go and Anne opened her legs to give him a beaver shot.
"I never get tired of seeing your 'flower of life' my love." Steve said, as Anne swung her legs into the car after her exposure. Before Steve closed the door to the SUV, do you have your underwear in the purse my dear?"
"That was just a preview of what is to come, my dear." Anne said as she playfully swung around to face her husband and pulled her dress to her waist, she rubbed her pussy as she continued. "I have decided to go commando all day today because you said you like me to do this." So, they started on the way to the studio.
Steve was having a hard time driving and watching is wife's fingers busy strumming her clit as she moaned. Grabbing her hand and Stopping her before she came, Steve wanting her very horny, so she will put on her best performance, while modeling for the group.
They arrived at the studio for what was to be a three-hour modeling session at eight thirty and was met by Craig. "Anne who is this with you?" He asked in surprise, as he never met her husband before.
"This is my husband Steve; he is here to give me moral support." Anne stated happy that her husband was with her.
Craig was afraid that her husband would interfere with the agenda that He and Mark cooked up, so he said. "I don't think it is a good idea to have your husband here while you model for the first time." I think he will make you nervous and it will show in your poses.
"I can leave if you like?" Steve said in a disappointed tone.
"You will do no such thing Steve, if they want you to leave, I am going with you. I will feel as though they want you to leave for a reason and I would worry that this photo shoot is not on the up and up." Anne directed her comments to Craig who she does not like or trust. Reading his expression, she figured she hit the nail on the head from his reason he wants her husband to leave is because he cooked up an nefarious scheme to take advantage of the first time model.
Mark entered the lobby of the studio with another young man. "Hi Anne, how are you today?" and with a surprised expression stated. Hi, Mr. Grant, what are you doing here? I didn't realize you will be here." Mark stated nervous that their session will be hindered by his presence.
"I am doing fine." Anne stated and she spoke for her husband. "Steve took the day off to watch my first session. He was excited that I will model for the group and he will stay here if you want me to model today." Anne continued with passion and determination to get her way.
"Okay, I understand Anne. Oh, by the way this is Arthur is he is a makeup artist and will do your makeup, before the shoot and do touch up as needed." With a warning directed at Steve. "Mr. Grant with the nature of the modeling session it will be necessary for Arthur to apply makeup to intimate areas of your wife's body. I hope this will not upset you. Furthermore, I am letting you stay under protest, as I have found that if the partner of the model is present, they underperform, become embarrassed when showing intimate parts of their body, and are reluctant to pose as requested if the poses become to erotic."
"No, it won't be a problem as long as it is done in a professional manner and as long as my wife is not posing for the group under protest. I will sit where I can watch her pose and out of the way. Does that meet your approval Mark?" Steve stated.
"I am fine with that." Mark agreed reluctantly as he knew how modest Anne was and was concerned that Steve will cause her to revert back to the modest person she was when she came to audition for them.
The revelation Anne will have to be made up for the shoot was something she didn't know being the first time she is modeling nude.
Craig said. "Anne, Arthur needs time to do your makeup, could you remove your dress so he can get started." This was done to see if her husband had any impact on her modesty.
Without as much as a flinch. Anne in the lobby of the studio pulled the dress up over her head and gave it to her husband. "See my husband is useful he will take charge of my discarded garment." Anne stated.
"Follow me." Arthur said as the couple walked into the studio and to a corner with a mirror and what looked like a barber chair. "Anne sit on the chair, Mr. Grant grab a chair and bring it here, so you can watch me doll up your wife."
When settled Steve watched in amazement at the transformation of his wife. Art started with Anne's hair and gave her an erotic look, then he did her eye makeup to perfection. When he started to apply the body makeup, Steve became aroused to see another man touch his wife as he applied makeup to her skin and a dark makeup to her nipples.
Anne paid close attention to her husband when Art started on her intimate areas suchas her nipples and areola to darken them. She saw he was excited to see another man, as he took advantage of the fact that Art could touch the model in intimate areas and her husband didn't mind.
"Okay Anne I was told that you will be doing some erotic poses, so I will have to attend to your vaginal area with makeup. I am going to adjust the chair, so I will be able to accomplish this. Here we go." Art said as he pulled a lever and the footrests opened and he slid the chair back, so Anne was at a thirty-degree angle and her legs were spread wide. This exposed her womanhood, so Art to finish with her makeup. He put red makeup on her vaginal lips to make them stand out. He had her move forward a little so he could bleach her brown star, so it will not be as noticeable when she spreads her legs or is on her knees with her legs spread.
Throughout the makeup process Art gave a running commentary of what he was doing and why. This made Steve comfortable, but overly excited, and MaryAnne excited from the intimate touch of a man she just met.
The makeup artist was done by five minutes to nine, just as the photographers started to come into the studio. New to the modeling profession Anne didn't think to ask for a robe. Steve, Mark and Craig didn't want her to put on a robe, so she strolled out to greet the group of men while nude. To her shock and concern most were men she knew. Of the men there, some were her son's friends, some from the stores she frequented, and a few are her friend's husbands. The only consolation is there were no women in the group because she felt they will be most critical of her body.
They had a meet and greet for about twenty minutes, to break the ice so to speak, because Craig could see Anne was nervous when she saw that she knew almost everyone there.
"It is getting late lunch will be delivered soon. Follow me." Mark said as he walked toward the first set with a green screen. Like the one used at Anne's audition.
The group started to set their equipment up, Craig was moving the lighting around and Mark was placing Anne in the area for standing poses. Steve standing to the side amazed at all the activity in the room.
"We are doing standing poses first Anne, move around as the photographers take your picture, side to side, hands at your side, over your head. Turn to the side, back and opposite side. Move slowly like you are in slow motion. Start now Anne." Mark said.
Anne moved around the set for about fifteen minutes when Craig called a break. "Let's download the photos see how we have done so far." There are ten computers available for downloads with Craig giving assistance when the need arose.
Being about twenty men, they paired up to load their photos, as Mark walked around to critique the photos as they came up on the monitors. Anne and Steve walked around and looked at the photos also. They stopped to admire some of the more creative ones. It took about a half hour to download all the photos.
"Anne you look beautiful in the photos." Steve told his nude wife as he held her hand. The couple stopped to talk to a few of the photographers they knew well.
"One photographer asked. "Why did you let your wife model nude?"
"Because she wanted a job that paid more than minimum wage, she found this one, we discussed it, and she auditioned and liked it." Steve explained.
"So, you approve of your wife showing her body to guys then?"
"Yes, as long as she is comfortable in her nudity and she is having a good time I do. That is why I am here to make sure she will not be humiliated by anyone. Furthermore, how will you take figure studies if there are no men or women willing to model nude.?" Steve stated.
"I guess your right Steve." The photographer conceded.
Mark changed the set, he put a stool in front of the green screen stating. "We will now do so sitting poses. Anne sit on the stool with your back to the men to start, then turn slowly around, make a full revolution and stop when we tell you."
Anne did as requested and turned to her right until she was facing front.
"Stop and put your feet on the rungs of the stool, Anne." Mark stated.
Anne knew when she put her feet on the rungs, she will have to spread her legs for balance. This is the beginning of her intimate exposure to the group. She did this without much reluctance, as she saw her husband smile at her and give her the thumbs up sign. The model could see the camera lenses converging on her exposed slit and is getting off on her total exposure. She loves the attention, more that her modesty she realized.
"Go to the computers and load up the photos see how you did." Craig said as the group removed the SDS card from their cameras and went to a computer.
Again, Anne and Steve walked around hand in hand and looked at the photos. When Steve saw the photos of his wife's flower of life, as the moist slit peeked out from between her legs, captured by many of the photographers, he was turned on to the max, he had a secret fantasy of his wife intimately exposed to many men. Because she is so beautiful and he wanted to share her beauty with the world.
"Anne, you look so beautiful in the photos. I love the ones that show your femininity they are great. I hope that you are asked to expose your womanhood in more detail before the end of the photo shoot." Steve told his wife as he looked reverently at her, but also, he noted in the photos the moisture on her exposed lower lips. He wanted to let her know that when they ask her to spread it was okay with him. "I hope you are having a good time?" He continued while he held her hand.
"You really think I am beautiful, a woman almost sixty."
"Yes, I do, my love I can't keep my eyes off your naked beauty and the rest of the group I know feel the same way." Steve said emphatically.
"I had a good time so far as I can see by the tent in your pants, you like me to model for the group, and they have treated me well. I was nervous to begin with, as I knew that I would be totally exposed to this group, but I have gotten, an exhibitionistic thrill out of my exposure so far. I was almost to the point of orgasm, when I spread by legs for the camera on the stool." She confirmed to her husband how she felt about the session so far. "When I sat on the stool, I spread my legs, so everyone could see how wet I was this excited me." She whispered to her husband.
It was lunch time and a caterer brought in the meal. Anne stayed nude, even going to the studio lobby to help the caterer set up for lunch, and eat lunch while exposed to the public, the large windows did not phase the figure model, as she lounged with the group. Anyone that came within three feet of the aspiring model, could smell her arousal, and if she sat with her legs opened a little could see the moisture on her lady lips.
Mark went to Anne and Steve and said. "We will be starting the more erotic part of the photo shoot. We will touch your wife in intimate areas of her body more often to adjust her poses. I hope both will be comfortable with this." It was a way to let the couple know that Anne will be exposed, and hands will be put on her intimate areas for the afternoon.
"If Anne is on board. I am Okay with it." Steve stated.
"I am good with it also." Anne stated comfortable with all the photographers in the group and her nudity caused her to be aroused almost to the point of orgasm before lunch.
After lunch they started touching her more intimately. First the makeup artist wiped the moisture from her slit and applied more red makeup to her lips to accentuate them,and touched up the makeup on her nipples, while she was in the barber chair as all observed the makeup procedure.
"All here will know my body intimately through the photos that will be taken of me." She gave a shudder of excitement as she thought of her private parts memorialized with the photos this afternoon.
Craig positioned all the lights at the posing couch after a few of the photographers helped him position it.
When Anne's makeup was complete Mark brought her to the couch had her sit on it with her knees together and the photographers took photos of her as she moved around on the piece of furniture. She consciously opened her legs to the camera's lens as she moved around. When she laid back, Anne remembered how Mark wanted her to pose and she spread her legs wide, ran her hands on the inside of her thighs to her pussy lips and back to her knees. A mini orgasm hit her when she touched her pussy lips the second time. It excited her to see the photographers with frantic enthusiasm capture her poses, as she moved around in more erotic poses, as they tried to capture her lust engorged slit in the center of the frame. Her husband gave her the thumbs up when he saw that she showed her moist manhole to the photographers and this spurred her on to become more uninhibited in her exposure to the camera.
Craig stopped the session to load up the recent photos on the computers and to give Anne a break. The couple wandered around and looked at the photos.
"I love that photo of you, the beautiful look on your face, with your hands almost to your slit, your slit moist with the lips engorged. You look ready to consummate your love. How do you feel as you look at the photo?" Steve asked as he pointed to the photo.
"They are beautiful and right now I am as horny as hell. I can feel my excitement running down the inside of my thighs." She giggled as she whispered in her husband's ear. While holding onto his arm, to bring him as close to her as possible. Her husband knows she is on the verg of an orgasm as he could smell her arousal.
"I enjoy being the only woman in the room naked " She continued in a whisper as she brought her hand to her husband's package, to find he is ready for action also. "I think you like my display."
"Anne, I think you should have Art touch up your makeup, before you pose for the last set of photos." Mark directed.
The couple walked to the makeup area, and Anne sat in the barber chair. Art touched up the makeup on her face, breast and body. Art reclined the back and Anne laid back in the seat, as Art spread the footrests to expose her quim, and he spent a good five minutes on her flower of life and bottom. "The last set will be focused on your intimate area, so we want to make you look as pretty as possible, and you are very excited, so when you feel moisture escaping let me know and I will fix it for you." Art stated while he used a soft cloth to soak up her moisture, before he reapplied the makeup on her lady lips.
Steve watched as Art insert his fingers into his wife's quim. He used two fingers on one hand to pull on her vaginal lips as he applied the red lipstick to her. Steve was ready to cum in his pants just as the makeup artist finished with his preparation of the model, his wife. While Craig and three of the of the photographers moved at couch that almost looked like an examination chair into place in front of the group.
"Mark the model is ready." Art stated as he helped up the naked woman.
"Anne are you ready to pose for the most exciting photos of this session?" Mark asked with excitement.
The mature model looked at the piece of furniture just placed on the platform and surmised she will be the most exposed thus far, for the rest of the session. "Yes, I guess so." Anne said as she looked to her husband for his approval for the final group of photos.
Steve gave his wife of many years the thumbs up and a smile, you could see the relief on her face, as she sat on the couch to await direction from Mark.
"Anne this final set of photos taken today. I will help you into your poses and adjust your body. I will have to touch you in intimate places sometime when I help you into the poses are you agreeable to this?" Mark asked as he will take full advantage of his position as lead photographer of the group. To grope his friends' mother if she gives him her permission.
Before the model answered she looked to her husband for approval, when he gave her a thumb up, she stated. "Yes, that will be fine as long as it is in the context of the poses and not for your enjoyment only." She agreed as she is naive to how a photo shoot is done.
The couch, built with a back that is adjustable, and wide enough so the model can recline and rest her legs on it comfortably in a spread position. Mark had the model recline and adjusted the back as he asked. "Are you comfortable in this position?"
"Yes, this is fine." Anne stated as she laid back and spread her legs to the assembled group, before she was asked and without embarrassment. She looked at her husband when she did this and he smiled at her. "I like doing this and I can see by the expression on his face, my husband is enjoying my exposure as much as I am." The model thought as she smiled back at her husband.
Mark adjusted her legs and manually spread them as he desired, while he put her in position, Mark took the liberty to insert his fingers in her pussy to show her how he wanted her. Anne mimicked his instruction and held her lady lips opened while the photographers shot the pose. All there could see how excited she was by the moisture that formed at the entrance to her manhole. She used the finger of one hand to rub her clit, that caused a mini orgasm that she tried to suppress but was not totally successful to the delight of the group. "OH-OH-OH," she sighed as she laid back on the couch while she buried her fingers in her quim. She looked around the room after she recovered, embarrassed that she did this private act in front of the group.
Meanwhile the photographers are frantically shooting their model in the throes of an orgasm, something that is a rarity at most legitimate photo shoots, even ones that are erotic as this is.
Anne awoke from her orgasmic bliss to the intense stares of the group. This embarrassed the model as she has done something, so private in front of more than twenty men that she has never done in front of her husband.
The woman's embarrassment was short lived, when she had awaked from her sexual fog the group hooted, hollered, and clapped their approval, with one photographer as the spokesman for the group said. "Thank you, Anne, for the great display of selflove that we have ever seen. You are a great model and we hope you will grace us with your presence as a model again sometime."
This made Anne feel better about her masturbatory performance, while she laid there totally exposed with her fingers still in her pussy, a smile crept across her face. "I love this job." She thought as she looked at all the men that admired her exposure.
Meanwhile Mark approached Steve he talked with him in a hushed voice. "Would it be alright with you if I give your wife a dildo to use with a wireless remote that you can control to have her model with that?" Mark asked.
"As long as she is agreeable, I will go along with it." Steve told the photographer instructor.
With that agreement Mark nodded to Craig so he could get the masturbatory instrument and bring it to the model. He retrieved it and brought it to Anne. "Would you mind using this for the remainder of the session." Craig asked.
Anne with a look of embarrassment, turned in her husband's direction for confirmation it will be alright. He gave her a smile and a thumbs up. His sign of approval made up her mind. "Yes, I will do this, but that is worth more money, than the agreed upon fee per hour." She stated as she took the twelve-inch-long tool and inserted it halfway. "Ah-ah-ah, this is too big to fit." She groaned in her best actress voice, as she scanned the room with her eyes, this caused some of the men to look away in embarrassment. Anne giggled as she thought. "I am here in front of the group sticking a large fake cock in my pussy, and some of the men are embarrassed when I look them in the eye." As the model worked the tool in and out of her quim.
Craig brought the remote to Steve and he walked closer to his wife along the side of the room and away from her view. Anne worked the dildo in and out of her box slowly as the photographers, Mark included took photos.
Steve turned on the instrument to an awfully slow speed and you could see Anne respond with a jerk. She looked around to see her husband on her blind side, with his arms crossed, he concealed the small controller from her view and looked at her innocently.
Anne had to stop the motion of the dildo, as she was close to her second orgasm, she didn't want to repeat her resent performance, because it embarrassed her even though the group enjoyed it. She was upset that the first time her husband saw her in self play was in front of a large group of men. After she calmed down, she started to work the fake cock in and out of her box again, this is when Steve bumped up the vibrator a notch.
OOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, I'm cumming." The overcome woman stated, overcome with passion, as she jammed the large fake cock all the way home. She laid back passed out, as her body jerked in pleasure. Anne came down off her orgasmic high, in a few minutes with a smile on her face, until she saw everyone had stopped to watch her climax. She laid on the couch legs spread with a look of terror on her face for what she just did in their presence for the second time. It has been a day of firsts for this mature woman and she dosn't know if she can handle the fallout her exhibistion may cause.
Anne removed the orgasm equipment from her box. The vibration had stopped, she gave her husband a look that said you had something to do with this, but he just smiled innocently at his wife, and turned his hands up as if to say it wasn't me.
"Why don't we take a break to give our wonderful model a rest and load up the photos we have taken of her to show her how absolutely beautiful she is." Craig said as everyone continued to look at their model still in her most wonderful pose legs spread, pussy that dripped her cum, and the dildo still seated halfway in her quim.
Anne stayed reclined, and she moved the dildo in and out of her pussy with a smile on her face as she waited for the photographers to load their photos on the monitors.
She removed the pleasure instrument from her pleasure palace. Her husband who watched her continue to pleasure her pussy, extended his hand to help his wife up. They walked together to the first monitor. The couple are amazed how lovely Anne looks in the throes of an orgasm, and how her body is exposed in precise detail on the first set of photos they observed. Most all the photographers had the same quality of work to the satisfaction of the couple.
"You did a great job with the photos. It has got to be the cameras you use to capture this body of mine that make me look good. I never thought of myself as pretty, so it must be your ability to bring my beauty out in the photos. Thanks to all here for your great ability." Anne said with a smile as she stood completely nude in front of all present.
"Let's give our model a hand for her wonderful ability to pose so exposed for us. We want to thank you for the chance to photograph you, in your natural state and delighted that you had the courage to do this for us. We know it is not easy to be unclothed in front of a group of people you just met or know personally, for any reason." Craig stated movingly.
"Anne would you mind doing one more pose and then we be done?" Mark asked his model.
"Yes, I would love to do one more pose for our distinguished photographers." The mature model said as she moved to the couch, melancholy that her session is almost over, and she will have to get dressed. This has been an incredible day for the first-time model, she has had fun as she showed off for her husband and the group.
"Kneel down on the couch and face away from the group, spread your legs wider, good okay stay like that everyone ready start to photograph the lady." Mark said as he picked up his camera to shoot some photos of the exposed model.
Craig went over to Steve. "Do you mind if we have someone use the dildo on your wife as photos are taken while she is in the position she is now or would you like to use the rubber cock on her?" To see if Steve is on board with the last part of this shoot. Craig wanted to have Anne comfortable while she did this type of modeling for the future groups.
"I guess you can have someone do that while the photos are taken." Steve said hesitantly not sure that his wife is traveling down a road that will be easy to come back from.
Mark stopped the shoot and asked Anne. "Could you work the orgasm master on your pussy while the photographers capture your activity?"
She looked at her husband before she answered. He gave her the thumbs up and a smile, but inside he is concerned that Craig and Mark have gone too far with this shoot. His wife had done more that he thought she would have to he thinks.
"Who is the lucky guy that will use the orgasm master on me? It is awkward to use on myself in this position" Anne stated.
Craig walked up to her side and Anne and said. "I guess I am the only one that doesn't have a camera, so I will work with you while the group takes photos." As he picked up the rubber phallus and inserted it in her exposed womanhood.
This cause a reaction from Anne she pushed back against the rubber instrument and exclaimed. "Oh, that feels nice!" As a reflex reaction to the faked cocks insertion.
Steve watched another man use the fake member on his wife and it excited him. When Anne started to match the strokes with Craig. Steve turned on the orgasm master to half speed.
Anne screamed. "I'm cumming." She fell forward on the couch, Craig followed her, so he could keep the long dong in her. She laid unladylike in a spread position with the orgasm master barely visible on her pussy. She twitched for the next few minutes; her orgasm was so strong. Anne has never had an orgasm so pleasurable and in front of a large group, with someone other than her husband who used the instrument of pleasure on her.
The cameras were clicking throughout the model's orgasm, but by the time she came back to earth the whole group looked at the beautiful nude woman as they waited for her return.
Anne peeked around to see everyone motionless, as they watched her, she said in an embarrassed tone. "I guess I am really a slut now. I enjoyed my cum in front of everyone." She put her hands over her face with remorse..
Steve ran up to his distraught wife and put his hand on her naked back, as did Craig and Mark. The group rubbed her back as a way to comfort the model and express to her she is not a slut.
"Anne, do you like to model this way?" Steve asked.
"Yes, I do, but I think it is so wrong to let everyone here see everything I have, and to let someone other than you use a pleasure tool on me, in front of everyone while you watch." MaryAnne admitted her concerns in front of all present.
The group when they heard what their model said they became distressed as they found a great model, and this may be the last time she models for them. They conversed quietly among themselves for a time.
"Anne you have to model for us again. We think you're a courageous woman to do this for us and we don't want to lose you." Said the spokesmen for the group.
Craig said. "Load the photos onto the computer to show our model how beautiful she looks while she has an orgasm." To get the emphasis on the photos not her moral convictions.
The conversation continued with Anne on the couch, laid back and feet together Indian style, this caused her womanhood to be exposed to the group, she dripped her cum on the furniture. The group loaded their photos on the computer. When all were loaded Mark had everyone come to the monitors for a final critique.
After all the photographers had their critique, and Anne participated in the discussion while she remained nude, it was a consensus of all there that it was a successful shot and the model was outstanding.
Mark stated with the group in agreement. "Anne, we need a model like you and want you to model for us again."
Anne reluctantly dressed. She made a six hundred Dollar modeling fee for six hours, plus a thousand-dollar tip for the extra exposure she endured and had 3 orgasms.
Craig asked. "Would you like to model again the following week for a group of seniors?"
"I will talk to my husband and let you know." Anne said as she walked to the door with the group. She could see that Steve is not too sure she should do this anymore, with how far they pushed the envelope today, and she is concerned that she went right along with it as did her husband even though they had reservations about the last few poses. The ones where the orgasm master was inserted in her box. The couple will have to discuss whether Anne should model again before she makes any comment to Mark.
All rights reserved 2020 to 2040