The alarm on my phone quietly buzzed and I craned my neck to the side, rolling over and turning it off. I slowly sat up as my eyes adjusted from waking, and turned onto my knees, unzipping my tent and peering outside. The sun was just barely beginning to rise.
"Perfect," I said softly to myself looking at the other tents. "No one is awake yet."
I knew it was only a matter of time before Ashley and John snuck off into the woods to fuck each other again, and I wanted to get there earlier than yesterday to watch the whole thing this time.
I waited patiently for probably 15 minutes, peeking out of a small opening in my otherwise zipped up tent, when finally I heard some stirring from Ashley's tent. I perked up at the sound and watched more intently.
Only a moment had passed before Ashley unzipped her tent and came climbing out, looking around to make sure no one else was watching, then stood up tall, stretching her arms up over her head. Her short white t-shirt rose up to her midsection, exposing the small, sexy pouch under her navel as it receded into her pajama pants.
Ashley tip toed around the circle where our campfire had once been roaring, now just a small pile of cold, lifeless ash, over to the John's tent across from hers. She paused for a moment, then passed by and tapped on the next tent over. James' tent.
What the heck was going on? Did she pass by John's tent on purpose, or was she confused and thought she was at the right one? I nearly called out to her, to let her know her mistake, but caught myself, and continued to watch in silence.
Sure enough, James unzipped his tent and climbed silently out.
"Come on!" Ashley whispered as she grabbed James's hand, and the two of them started off down the same trail Ashley and John had the morning before. I couldn't believe it, was she really going to fuck James now instead of John? I waited a few seconds from them to get ahead, and just as I was about to head out, Tim began to unzip his own tent.
"Drats!" I said under my breath. There was no way I'd be able to sneak off to watch Ashley and James fuck without Tim being suspicious of where I was going so early in the morning.
Tim stepped out of his tent and, just like I had the morning before, quietly began down the trail to follow James and Ashley.
Stunned that Tim was now following Ashley and James, I waited another couple of moments, and then took off, now following cautiously behind Tim.
I watched as Tim stealthily crept behind James and Ashley until they went off trail, down a hill to the same clearing Ashley had taken John to. I watched as Tim got close and snuck around a tree, peering around it into the clearing, and I stopped not far from Tim, behind a small boulder a little further up the hill where I still had a good view of Ashley and James, but could now keep an eye on Tim as well.
"Ashley, this is crazy!" James said as Ashley pulled him towards her, pressing her body into his.
"It sure is!" Ashley said, her hand reaching down, rubbing it up and down a visible bulge in James' pajama pants.
James tilted his head back, enjoying the feeling of Ashley's hand rubbing over him. James was quick to take off his shirt, tossing it carelessly to the grass beside him, exposing his strong chest and tight abs. James then grasped Ashley's hips, pressing her body into his even harder. Ashley stopped rubbing James to grab her own shirt, lifting it over her head releasing her large, tear-drop breasts. James grabbed hold of them with both his hands, caressing them in circular motions as Ashley slid her hand down James' pants and started jerking him off.
"This is so hot!" I thought to myself. "Even more exciting than yesterday!"
I suddenly remembered Tim was watching as well, and my eyes darted back over to him. Tim was staring intently, his hand rubbing his cock from outside his pajama pants in small circles. I was so turned on by all of this, I reached my hand over my pants as well, swirling my middle finger around my pussy as a swell of warmth rushed between my legs.
"Oh Ashley!" James said softly. "Ashley this feels so good, don't stop!" He demanded, Ashley's hand rocking back and forth under his pants faster now.
Ashley then lifted her hand out, pressed her lips tightly onto his, and pulled his pajamas down to the ground in a single motion. James' cock sprang to life, standing straight out in front of him. It must've been about seven inches. Not quite as long as John's but definitely a little bit thicker. It looked magnificent, I could hardly contain myself! I glanced to Tim again, rubbing his cock over his pants with more vigor than before.
Ashley got on her knees, looking at James' cock in awe, grasping it at the base with one hand. Ashley motioned her head forward, her mouth hanging open, teasingly close to the head of his penis. Ashley then swirled her tongue around it, and slipped it into her mouth, engulfing nearly the entire thing!
"Hhhhhmmmmmmm," Ashley moaned, audibly satisfied by James' cock as she slid her mouth forwards and back, her breasts clapping softly against her body as she kept her lips tightly pursed as she sucked hard on James' erect penis.
"Oh God, Ashley!" James said louder this time. "Ashley, you're too good at this! I'm going to cum soon!"
Ashley froze in place, then quickly pulled her head back, releasing James' cock from her suctioning mouth with a loud pop!
"Not till I get this cock inside me you aren't!" Ashley said commandingly, standing up and carelessly throwing her own pants to the floor, and stepped out of them.
Ashley pulled James over to a small boulder about waist high, and turned around, bending over and resting her arms on the rock, James standing behind her staring wide-eyed at Ashley's round, bouncy ass as she presented her pussy to him.
"Come on already!" Ashley panted. "I'm so horny right now you HAVE to fuck me, James!"
James grasped her ass with both hands, squeezing and massaging it as he spread her legs a little further apart.
Ashley was wiggling her hips side to side, visually begging James to fuck her.
"Come on already, James!" Ashley moaned, "Fuck me already I can't wait any longer!"
James slid his hand softly over Ashley's pussy, visibly wet even from where I was standing, teasing her some more. Ashley, frustrated by this, reached around her, grabbing James' hand and rubbing it hard along her pussy.
"Come on, James!" Ashley moaned louder this time. "Don't make me beg!"
James released Ashley's pussy and grabbed his cock and started rubbing the head of his long, hard penis around Ashley's pussy.
"Hhhhmmmmmm, yeah baby, just like that!" Ashley called out, her hips writhing in small circles back and forth as if already fucking James.
"Come on!" I called out in my head. I was practically begging for him to fuck Ashley, too!
I looked back to Tim again, remembering he was there. Tim started to lower his pants to his knees, his erection nearly poking out of his boxers. Holy shit! Was I going to get to see Tim naked too??
Tim lowered his boxers down to his knees, his amazing cock bobbing up and down. Tim grasped it with his hand and motioned it forward and back, slowly jerking off. I was mesmerized at what was happening. I looked back to James and Ashley.
James was still teasing his cock near Ashley's vagina, the tip just barely entering before he'd pull it out again.
"Oh, God!" Ashley moaned. "Oh James, fuck me already!"
The head of James' cock barely entered Ashley's pussy again, only this time Ashley didn't let up. Ashley pressed back this time, her ass slamming into James' body, his cock fully taken by Ashley's wet vagina.
There was no more teasing this time. Ashley forcefully rocked her body back and forth as James tightly grasped Ashley's ass, pulling and pushing her into him.
"Oh fuck, Ashley," James called out as he thrust his cock in and out. "Ashley your pussy's so tight it feels amazing!"
I looked to Tim again as he stroked his cock faster and faster. I desperately wanted to go over and fuck him, but restrained myself. Still, I needed to relieve the tension building up inside me, so I slipped my hand into my pants. My fingers caressed my soft, wet pussy, swirling and vibrating them in an orchestrated dance. I grasped my hard, perky breast with my other hand, squeezing tightly as I watched Tim jerking off and Ashley getting fucked from behind by James. My pussy needed to be filled. My middle and ring fingers slipped easily into my vagina, and I began to thrust them in and out.
"Oh God," I moaned softly. "Oh James. Tim. Fuck me, oh yes!"
Ashley's breasts swung under her more and more violently as James fucked her harder and harder.
"Oh yes, James! Oh Yes! Fuck me hard, James," Ashley called out, no longer worrying about how loud they were being. "Fuck me with that long, hard cock. Oh yes, yes!"
My fingers thrust in and out of my pussy in rhythm with James and Ashley. I looked to Tim again, and realized we were all in sync with each other, Tim's hand stroking his cock with the same vigor as Ashley and James as well. I was ready to cum any second, but tried to hold on as long as I could.
"James, oh god I'm about to cum. Fuck me hard James, keep fucking me," Ashley chanted. "I'm cumming James. Cum inside me, baby, oh yes! Cum in me, baby! Cum in me!"
"Oh God I'm cumming," I whispered quietly, looking to James and Ashley, then to Tim.
"Tim, James, oh yes fuck me I'm cumming too! I'm cumming!"
James gave Ashley one more hard thrust and held his cock deep inside her, his cock pulsating, and then released his cock from inside her, cum dripping out a moment later, and Ashley and James collapsed into the grass.
I looked to Tim again, jerking off harder and harder, faster and faster, and then, just seconds after James and Ashley finished, a flow of sperm erupted from Tim's amazing cock, followed by a few more ejaculations, allowing his cum to fall into the grass beneath him. My jaw hung open at the sight as my orgasm slowed, and I slipped my fingers out of my vagina, falling onto my little bubble butt and lean against the small boulder to catch my breath.
I sat for only a moment, knowing that at any second Tim would be getting up to head back to the campsite as not to get caught by Ashley and James. I peeked over to Ashley and James, who were still lying in the grass, and then over to Tim. Tim still had his boxers and pajama pants around his knees, and as much as I wanted to admire his cock a little longer, I knew this was my chance to get away without being seen. I waited until Tim started to pull his boxers back up, and made a quick dash back up the hill towards the trail. I nimbly avoided stepping on twigs or dead leaves - anything that would make noise and draw attention to me, and was back to the trail in no time. I ran back to the campsite only about an eighth of a mile away, and leapt back into my tent.
I zipped my tent back up all the way, and then opened just a crack so I could peek out. Only a minute later did Tim come hustling back to the camp, jumping into his tent as well, followed a few minutes after that by Ashley and James, going into their own tents. Exhausted from the excitement from the day before and from barely sleeping the last two nights, I lied back down in my tent and closed my eyes, falling asleep.
I awoke a few more hours later to laughter outside my tent. Sitting up, I realized how hot it had gotten inside my tent, sweat dripping down my cheek. I unzipped it to find everyone now up and sitting around the campfire.
"Hey, Laura," Alex said, his broad lumberjack shoulders hovering over the campfire with a skillet in his hand. "Cooking up some eggs and bacon again, do you want some?"
I sleepily rubbed my eyes and nodded. "Yeah, I'd love some, Alex. Thanks. I'll be out in a second let me just get changed real quick."
I threw on a pair of jean cut-off shorts and a tank-top with my boots, assuming we'd go for another hike today, and stepped out, ready to eat, glad to be out of my sauna of a tent.
Alex handed me a plate and I took a seat on a log next to Tim. I glanced up to him and he looked back to me, smiling. We held each other's eyes for a moment, then I raised my eyebrows at him a few times, and turned to my plate and began eating as I heard Tim chuckle lightly.
"Geez, guys," I said as a wind drafted the warmth of the fire towards me. "It's really hot today, isn't it?"
"Yeah," James agreed. "It's only, what, 10:30 in the morning? If we didn't need to cook breakfast I'd have never started the fire. It's too hot outside as it is."
A few of us pulled our seats back farther from the fire, and shortly after Tim and John grabbed a few buckets of water from the nearby stream and poured it out as I ate in relative silence, finishing my eggs quickly, not realizing how hungry I was until I was done.
It was another hour of sitting around without much talking. It seemed there was a little bit of awkward tension between everyone from what happened down at the lake the last two nights. I still hadn't had the chance to talk to Ashley yet about what happened when Tim and I went off behind the rocks, and I was sure Ashley wanted to hear about me and Tim as well.
"Hey guys?" I asked, breaking another bout of silence. "Anyone up for a hike? I know it's hot but, well, there's not a whole lot else to do right now." I was hoping everyone would agree, thinking it would help get everyone talking and joking around again on this hot and humid day.
"Yeah, for sure!" Tim quickly agreed.
"I'm in too!" Ashley said, nearly jumping out of her seat. "Let's do something already I'm so bored right now!"
James, John and Alex stood up too, ready for the day. I was glad to see everyone getting back into the spirit of the trip. All it took was a little suggestion to get everyone excited.
"Great!" I said. "Tim, any ideas where to go this time?"
"Hmmmm," Tim hummed as he thought. "Oh, yeah! Let's go down to the River Rocks!"
"Oh my god, I almost forgot about that place. Yeah let's go!" I told him. River Rocks was one of my favorite places to go when Tim and I were younger, and I nearly forgot about it!
"Damn, Laura, this place must be pretty cool seeing how excited you are," Alex said. "So, what's this place about?"
"It's about a three mile hike from here," Tim started. "It's mostly a narrow trail that goes down into the valley and ends at a shallow, maybe knee-high river bed full of smooth, red skipping stones. Laura and I used to spend hours there skipping stones and relaxing in the river."
"Yeah," I sighed softly. "Those were the best days, relaxing down there in the sun. It's a perfect trip on a hot day like today," I said smiling. I looked over to Tim, who looked back with a huge grin on his face.
"Sounds great!" Ashley said. "Just let me grab my hiking shoes!"
"Remember to pack lots of water too, guys!" John reminded everyone as we all went to our tents to get ready.
I was ready to go in no time, as all I needed to get was my backpack, which was already packed with water. It only took a few minutes for everyone else to gather their things and meet back at the center of our campsite.
"Lead the way, Tim!" Alex announced, and with that we were off on another adventure for the day.
The first half mile of the hike seemed like forever. It was through a flat, open area with no trees around for shade, and sweat glistened over everyone's faces. I could feel my shirt already accumulating sweat as the sun beat down a heavy haze over us, but knew it'd be worth it once we got to the river bed.
After that it got better though. We finally made it to some tree cover and being in the shade made everything better. We got to some tricky parts of the trail and the boys would take turns helping everyone else down a steep edge or over a large boulder. I would always take these opportunities to touch or grab onto Tim in some way, even though most of the time I didn't actually need help getting down the trail.
Eventually we made a few more left and right turns and climbed down some boulders along the path and the trail opened up to a wide river bed. The water flowed gently by as it bubbled over rocks and tree branches. The sun glimmered across the silky ripples and reflected back a deep red-brown layer of smooth, slippery rocks underneath.
"Guys, this is awesome!" Alex called out, running ahead of everyone else to a small sandy clearing along the edge of the river. There he ripped off his hiking shoes and socks, ran into the water, and not more than three steps in slipped and face planted right into the water, his huge upper body slamming into the water making it all the more awkward. A second passed as Alex got up and everyone was quiet, waiting to see if Alex was hurt.
He rose up from the water with a huge smirk on his face, and we all erupted with laughter.
"Way to go Alex!" Ashley yelled out.
"How'd those rocks taste big guy?" James added.
"Water feels great, thanks for asking!" Alex called back, a slightly embarrassed look across his bearded face.
The rest of us quickly made our way to the small sandy area and took off our shoes and socks and set our backpacks down.
"Careful," Alex told John and Ashley as they stepped into the water. "These rocks are super smooth. I think they're coated with algae or something, too. Step lightly," he warned.
Ashley and John tiptoed in. Even as careful as they were, Ashley's foot slipped right out under her, falling right into John. John's reflexes were amazing, catching her before her ass planted hard into the rocks, and lifting her up with ease, and I realized John must be much stronger than he looks, as he was the thinnest of all the boys, but also the tallest.
"My hero," Ashley said in a jokingly feminine voice as John lifted her back onto her feet.
"Why, anything for you, Darlin'" John replied in his best, fairly accurate Clint Eastwood voice.
John and Ashley laughed, Ashley standing on her toes, reaching her head up to John and kissing his cheek.
Tim, James and I followed suit. I was particularly careful about where I stepped, making sure each foot was safely planted in the rock bed before placing my weight on it to take my next step forward. I could tell Tim was doing the same, just as experienced as I was with the river. James on the other hand, was not as nimble as Tim and I.
James was too quick to bear weight on his foot and fell right into Tim, who in turn fell into me, knocking both of us down, as neither of us was as fast with our reactions as John was.
Tim and I, having landed on our sides, sat up quickly, our clothes drenched in water. We looked to James, whose head popped up out of the water while still lying on his stomach.
We stared at each other for a moment, then James replied in his best girly voice, "Tim, Laura, my heroes."
Tim and I started to crack up.
"Anything for you, Darlin'," I said back in a horribly bad impression of a country southern man's voice, and everyone was laughing.
After we all calmed down and got up out of the water, we carefully made it back to the sandy shore and took off our shirts to dry in the sun, leaving the boys shirtless and Ashley and I with our bikini tops and cut-off jean shorts. We went back into the water, quickly mastering the slippery bottom this time, and stood out in the middle of the river. The water was a little more than knee-high, and the cool running river water felt great in the hot sun.
Soon we were all searching for the perfectly smooth, flat rock under the water and skimming it across the river. We were out there for probably an hour, each of us taking turns watching the others try to break the record for most skips. Alex was leading with 11 skips. My record so far was only 6.
"My arm needs a rest," Ashley said. "Hey Laura, want to take a break with me over on the shore?" she asked.
"Yeah, of course I will. My arm's pretty shot too," I told her.
We made our way back to the shore and I took a seat on a rock, dipping my feet into the water.
"I'll be right there," Ashley said to me. "Watch this."
Ashley called out to the boys still in the water. "Hey guys, look I'm Alex!"
With that Ashley took a few steps away from the water, sprinted full force into the river, and threw herself face first into the water. She came up and tossed her hair to the side, a silly smile covered her face.
Everyone laughed, and Ashley came back and sat next to me on the rock.
"Nice one," I said to her.
"Thanks!"
We sat for a minute watching over the shirtless boys. They were teasing Alex, following Ashley and pretending to fall into the water like Ashley just did, then playfully shoving each other and wrestling around in the water, but soon they were back to skimming rocks across the river.
"So..." Ashley started, breaking the silence between us, and an all-knowing smile came across my face.
"What?" I asked as Ashley looked at me.
"Come on! Tell me what happened between you and Tim last night when you two disappeared into that little cove!"
"Well," I started, and paused, looking to Tim and the guys, making sure none of them were within ear shot. "Alright. So we were playing chicken in the lake, right? And when you knocked me off of Alex's shoulders, I fell right into Tim and he, well, I guess he accidentally grabbed my breasts. I'm not sure if was an accident or not." I stopped and smiled, noticing the grin on Ashley's face.
"Come on, tell meeeeeeeee!" Ashley groaned
"Well," I started again. "It. It felt really good when he grabbed them. I mean REALLY good. I couldn't control myself. When we came back up from the water he started to apologize and I just reached down and grabbed his cock."
I couldn't believe I was telling Ashley this! I looked to her again, and her grin had gotten even bigger.
"So I started sliding my hand over it. Ashley it felt so good in my hand, it was so big and hard! Something just came over me, I couldn't control myself! Then I looked over and saw Alex holding you by your waist and you were kissing him pretty passionately. So anyway, I look over to James and John and they were both focused on watching you two. I think they were jerking off, too, actually. But they weren't paying attention to me and Tim so we snuck off behind those rocks over to the right of the cliff."
"Holy shit, James and John were jerking off too? Damn I was so caught up in the moment I forgot about everyone else."
"So me and Tim were in the water and I was jerking him off and he was fingering me for a little while. Eventually I turned around, and, well, I thought about fucking him. I really wanted to, Ashley. I really did. I'm not even sure why I didn't. But anyway, I ended up getting him off by sliding my pussy over his cock. It felt incredible. And all I've been thinking about since was fucking Tim for real next time."
"Damn, Laura!" Ashley said in an excited whisper. "Proud of you, girl. Way to go!"
"Thanks," I said bashfully, and after a moment, asked, "Well, what about you? You and Alex were going at it pretty hard last I saw."
"Oh, I fucked him," Ashley said bluntly. She turned to me and we started to laugh. Slowly at first, but it turned to full on belly laughter, so much so it caused the boys to stop skipping stones to look at us.
"Ssssshhhhhhhh!" I said to Ashley, pointing to the boys.
We collected ourselves, and sat quietly for a moment as the boys went back to searching for stones in the river.
"Yeah, so like you, something just came over me. I forgot where I was and who was around. When I fell into Alex we kind of felt each other up, and it just progressed from there. We were both naked already, I just turned towards him and he grabbed me from the hips. We were both thinking the same thing I guess. He slid his hard cock right into my pussy and we started to fuck. It felt so freeing to do it outside, I swear Laura, it's the best feeling in the world! You were right, too. Alex's cock is average in length, I'd say, but holy shit it's so thick! It felt SO Good, Laura! You have to try it. I've never fucked someone that muscular and strong before. It's a whole different experience."
I looked at Ashley again and smiled, but said nothing.
"I got to fuck John in the woods that morning, and then Alex that night. What a day!"
"And then James this morning, too!" I blurted out. I didn't exactly mean to say it, but in a way I wanted to let Ashley know I saw her. We were talking so freely, I didn't want there to be any secrets between us.
"What!? How do you know that? Did James tell you? Gosh I swear that boy can't-"
"No, no," I said. "He didn't tell me, I swear."
"How did you find out, then?"
"Well, I kind of, sort of, followed you two this morning," I said, giving Ashley a half smile, feeling out whether or not she was cool with it.
"Laura! You watched us in the woods this morning!?"
"Tim and me. We both saw. I woke up and saw you and James run off, and I was about to follow you, but then Tim started to follow, and then I followed him. We both watched you two this morning, only Tim doesn't know I was there too..."
"Laura you sly little fox! I'm impressed. I thought James and I were being so sneaky!"
"Yeah, well, I guess not! The only ones that weren't there were John and Alex," I said, and for some reason we both laughed for a bit.
"Tim was so turned on by you guys he started to jerk off, and then, well, I joined in too," I admitted.
"Wow," Ashley said. "Damn I'm glad we put on a good show for you two. It's a pretty big turn on knowing all this, hindsight."
Ashley and I were quiet again for a bit, thinking over all the things were just admitted to each other, and I felt a surreal closeness to Ashley, like I could tell her anything. Like we'd leave this place being better friends than anyone else I'd met at school this past year. We looked out over the river, admiring the shirtless boy's bodies for a while longer.
The hours passed by quickly and in no time the sun was beginning to set. Ashley and I went for a quick dip in the river and we all got out, tired from the long, hot day.
"Guys I have some bad news," John said. "It's all uphill on the way back."
"Ugh, I'm so tired though!" Ashley pouted. "Alex, you can carry me back, right?"
"Not a chance," Alex smirked. "Hey, look at me I'm Alex," he said imitating Ashley as she made fun of him for falling into the water. "Remember that?"
"Hey come on, it was only a joke. I mean, we all fell at some point, right? And look at me, I'm like one fifth of your body weight, you'll barely notice me!" Ashley gave him a cheesy smile, and Alex laughed.
"Still, though. Not about to carry you three miles uphill."
"Oh, Fine," Ashley conceited. "Laura will have to carry me then."
"And the world is secretly run by an underground lizard king in disguise. Let's say more things that will never happen," I joked.
Everyone smiled, and we all packed up our things and got walking.
"Man, it sure gets cold quick when the sun goes down," Tim said, and we all agreed.
The temperature had dropped significantly from only thirty minutes before. That added to the fact we were all still soaked didn't help. Every time the wind blew a chill ran over my body. Goosebumps covered my skin and my teeth chattered occasionally. After another two miles of hiking uphill, we were finally back at camp.
"I'm freezing, you guys!" I said, and Tim stepped to my side and put his arm around me. It felt good, and his body was warm, but it wasn't nearly enough. I wrapped my arms around his waist, holding his tight body against mine. "Can we get a fire started?"
"Guys, the showers are only like 30 seconds from here," Ashley said. "It'll take a while to get the fire started, but we could be taking a warm shower in less than a minute from now," she concluded.
"That sounds like an amazing idea," John said.
"Yeah, let's start the fire later I need to warm up as soon as possible!" James added as his teeth chattered too.
The rest of us agreed and we grabbed our soap and shampoo and towels, and raced off to the showers. Ashley and I went into the lady's washroom to the left, and the boys nearly piled over each other entering the washroom to the right.
I could barely wait to get under a warm shower. I was shivering more than ever now, not to mention I felt pretty dirty having not bathed in the last two days. Ashley and I raced over to the showers, threw our clothes to the side, and twisted the hot water as far as it could go.
A minute passed, and then another, but the water was still ice cold.
I turned towards Ashley behind me as I stood at the edge of the water.
"Any luck over there?" I asked, noticing her toes just barely at the edge of her shower as well.
"No. Laura this is terrible!" Ashley nearly started to cry. "All I wanted was a warm shower!"
"It's alright," I said, trying to console her even though I was just as upset. "Let's meet the boys outside, I'm sure they have the same problem. If we all work together we could have a fire going in no time."
Ashley agreed, and we wrapped our towels around us and walked back out of the washroom.
"Where are they?" I asked. "You think they're taking a shower in that ice water?"
We waited a few seconds to see if the boys were going to come out, but they were still in there.
"Let's just go see," Ashley said. "Maybe they have hot water somehow?"
"I don't know, Ashley," I said. "This is kind of a personal place. I mean they're showering in there. What if there are other boys there, too?"
"You want to freeze your butt off out here?" she asked shivering, and didn't wait for a response before walking into the boy's washroom. I quickly followed, too cold to care.
We were immediately hit with a face full of steam. Already I was relieved from the cold outside. Ashley and I walked forward to where the steam was coming from and turned the corner into the showers.
There, to all my excitement, were James, John, Alex and Tim, all completely naked, washing themselves under four showerheads from a single pole in the middle of the room. Tim was rubbing shampoo through his wavy hair, his silky wet abs accentuated by the water. Alex's muscles never looked bigger, his ass meaty and tight. James and John were washing their bodies, rubbing their hands over their chests and stomachs. I couldn't tell if I was more excited at watching the boys showering naked or at the prospect of getting under the showers with them and finally being clean and warm. It was several more moments before the boys noticed Ashley and I staring at them in awe.
"Hey, this is the men's room!" James said as he was the first to notice.
"Yeah, hey what's the big idea?" Alex said trying ruefully to cover himself with his hands.
"There's no hot water on the other side!" Ashley said, quickly disrobing and running into the shower beside James and John. "You couldn't believe how cold the water is over there!"
Ashley dove her body into the water, nearly rubbing up against James and John to get herself under the shower. Water ran over Ashley matting her hair down. She grabbed some soap and slid her hands over her shoulders and chest, squeezing her C-cup tits and then moving her hands over her stomach.
"Come on, Laura!" Ashley said, calling me in. "You have no idea how good this feels! Look, you can squeeze in right between Alex and Tim."
I was weary about jumping in at first. I know we had all gone skinny dipping before, but this felt different to me. Was I really going to drop my towel and shower naked with these boys? I was already immensely turned on. I could feel my pussy swell, heat emanating from it. I stood there another moment, contemplating what to do, and then I noticed something. The boys were staring to get hard! Alex was already fully erect and James, John and Tim's cocks were all growing in size. James, John and Alex were all staring at Ashley as she bathed next to them, but Tim was only looking at me. He was getting hard looking at me and I still had my towel on!
I immediately threw my towel to the side, and, still shivering, ran up to the showers, my perky B-cup breasts jiggling up and down as I came to Tim and Alex, slipping my body between them, and hoping into the warm water.
It felt amazing, and for a few seconds I forgot all about where I was, and enjoyed the warmth of the water flow over my body. As if normal, they boys all resumed showering, and we all took turns checking each other out, trying to be inconspicuous about it, even though all four boys had full erections now. It took everything I had not to start rubbing my pussy in front of everyone.
"Hey, you can get a little closer," Tim said to me. "You're barely under the water, come get under here!"
I didn't even hesitate. I a single bound I was right up next to Tim, showering next to him with no clothes on! I looked down to his hard cock, wavering in the air right next to me. I needed to keep it out of my periphery otherwise I'd end up obviously staring at it the entire time, so I stepped in front of Tim, facing the shower with Tim to my back. I focused on the warm water, and started to shampoo my hair and rinse it out, then ran my soapy hands over my chest and body.
Then I felt hands, massaging my back.
"Can I, uh, wash your back for you?" Tim asked as if he weren't already doing it.
"Of course!" I said playfully.
Tim's hands pressed firmly into my shoulders, his thumbs running in circles around my shoulder blades, and then ran his hands down the length of my back. This continued for a while as his hands moved slowly away from the center of my back and to my sides. Soon Tim sliding his hands closer and closer to my breasts and ass with each gliding pass. As his hands moved down the small of my back, I sprung up on my toes lifting my ass upward making sure Tim slid his hands over it.
After that Tim wasn't as bashful about feeling me up. His hands massaged my small bubble butt, then raised them up over my tight stomach to my breasts where he squeezed tightly. It felt incredible. My hot pussy was aching to be touched again. I looked around as Tim continued to rub his hands over me. Ashley was kissing John passionately on the mouth as her left hand stroked John's hard cock, and her right hand stroked James' erection while he was kissing her lightly on her neck. Alex stood close to me, his hand lightly jerking off his thick cock.
Tim's hands reached around my inner thighs, now pressing his body into me from behind, his big cock sliding in between my legs, lightly slipping along my pussy.
"Ohhhhh, Tim," I moaned softly at the touch of his cock against me. His hands reached further this time, his right landing on my pussy. "Finally!" I thought to myself.
His fingers ran circles around my clit, swirling slowly at first but then moving faster and faster while his other hand clenched firmly, massaging my left breast.
"Ohhh, yes Tim," I tilted my head back and whispered wetly into his ear. "This feels wonderful."
Tim's hand released my breast as it slid down my body to my thigh, and he reached around pressing his middle and ring fingers into my vagina. His fingers pumped in and out in forward and backwards motions pressing against the walls of my pussy while vibrating his other hand in circular, gyrating motions over my clit.
"Oh god! Tim oh god yes I'm going to cum!"
I could feel Tim thrusting his pelvis forward as if begging to fuck me, the sensation of his cock rubbing against my pussy adding to my orgasm.
"Oh Fuck, Tim I'm cumming," I called out. "I'm Cumming! Yes Tim, Yes!"
My pussy couldn't wait any longer. I grabbed onto the pole from the shower in front of me and arched my back, presenting my pussy to Tim, and he wasted no time. Tim pressed his rock hard cock deep inside my pussy in a single thrust forward. He slid it in and out, in and out, building up momentum. Soon I was thrusting my ass forwards and back with him, allowing his cock to penetrate deeper and harder. It felt so good inside me. I couldn't believe it, I was finally fucking Tim!
"Oh Laura!" Tim called out. "Laura, your pussy is so wet and tight!"
"Your cock is amazing, Tim. It feels so good inside me. Oh god Yes!"
I let go of the pole I was grasping and bent further down from my waist, allowing Tim's cock to penetrate even deeper now. Tim grabbed hold of my hips, pushing and pulling me as he needed.
I looked up and watched Ashley writhing her curvy body on top of John while blowing James who stood next to her. My heart raced even faster remembering there were other people in the showers with me and Tim.
I looked over to Alex. His thick cock was in his hand, masturbating as he watched me and Tim. As if my hand had a mind of its own, it called Alex over to me with a "Come hither" motion, and Alex didn't hesitate. In no time, Alex's thick cock was staring me in the face, and I didn't hesitate either.
As Tim took more and more control of my body, I opened my mouth and engulfed Alex's cock. I was so happy to finally have him too! The feeling of Alex's cock in my mouth just built upon the orgasm I had already had, sliding his penis in and out of my mouth while Tim continued to fuck me from behind. My breasts clapped against my body as the jiggled back and forth underneath me. My tongue swirled around the head of Alex's cock, bobbing my head faster and faster, and I could tell Alex was going to cum soon.
I released my mouth from Alex's cock.
"Alex," I asked as Tim was bouncing me forward and back. "Oh God, Yes! Alex, do you want to fuck me?" I asked him.
He nodded silently, his eyes wide with excitement.
"Tim, Oh god Tim stop, stop!" I called to him.
Tim paused a moment, his cock slipping out of me, and he walked to my other side, allowing Alex to switch with him. I immediately grabbed Tim's cock in my hand and slowly pressed it to my lips, wrapping my tongue around it. Alex took his time behind me, inching his thick cock into my pussy, and then pulling out and entering again, each time going a little deeper.
I was doing the same thing with Tim's cock, slowly allowing it deeper into my mouth, then pulling out. It made it feel like I was really being fucked on both ends. Soon I was inhaling Tim's cock as he face fucked me while Alex was fucking me deeper and deeper, his thick cock making for a different, amazing sensation. Alex's strong hands gripped my ass and plowed it into his hard body. I was suctioning Tim's cock as hard as I could, engulfing it into my throat.
"Oh god, Laura you're amazing!" Alex called out from behind me. "Laura I'm going to cum soon! Oh God I'm about to cum!"
I felt Alex's cock start to pulsate while inside me, and at the last second he pulled out. I felt cum erupt onto my back in three consecutive waves. When he was done I immediately stood up, pressing myself into Tim, and taking him to the floor. Tim lied on his back, his long, hard cock standing straight up in the air.
I knelt over him, my legs on each side of his hips, and lowered myself onto him, his cock slipping back into me. Tim exhaled breathlessly, an ecstasy falling over his face. I leaned forwards, my hands supporting some of my weight on Tim's chest, and began to raise and lower my hips up and down, my ass jiggling with each motion.
"Oh, Laura, gods yes! Oh Laura!" Tim moaned, encouraging me to go faster. "Oh Laura your pussy feels so good!"
I pressed my thighs together to tighten my grip on Tim's cock, and grinded his cock faster and faster. Soon I was raising my body and falling back onto Tim's cock, nearly bucking up and down with a forwards and back motion.
"Oh gods, Tim!" I called to him, staring into his eyes. "Oh god I'm going to cum again, Tim. I'm so close!"
"Me too, Laura, oh God I'm going to cum!"
I leaned forwards further now, pressing my breasts and body against Tim's while I twerked my ass and pussy over Tim's cock, faster and faster it slid in and out, in and out.
"Oh God, Tim I'm about to cum!"
"Oh Laura, I'm about to finish too!"
"Cum inside me, Tim! Please, please cum in me, cum in my pussy! Cum in my pussy! Fuck me, Tim! Fuck me!"
I felt Tim's cock start to vibrate, and slammed his cock into my pussy one last time, holding it there. Tim's Cock pulsed warm cum deep inside of me, wave after wave.
"Oh God I'm cumming, Tim! I'm cumminggggggggg!"
I felt the final pulse of Tim's cock, and lifted my body up, releasing him. I leaned forward, kissing him, and then collected myself and stood up, Tim following.
I heard someone clapping their hands, and turned to the side. Ashley was standing off to the side, towel wrapped around her, quickening the claps. The other boys stood around her, also in towels, and joined in, applauding Tim and I.
"Yeah, Laura!" Ashley said.
"Damn, you two put on a show!" James added. "We all finished like ten minutes ago!"
John and Alex were a little more bashful, but were applauding nonetheless.
I was completely embarrassed, feeling the blood rush from my pussy to my face, but Tim put his arm around my shoulder to comfort me.
"Alright you pervs," Tim joked. "Show's over nothing to see here." We all chuckled, and Tim and I turned back to the showers to rinse off, then grabbed our towels while the rest of our group changed into their pajamas and waited. Tim and I dried off and changed as well, and met back up with them before heading back to the campsite. Once there, we silently grabbed firewood and started up the fire, where we sat around enjoying a light dinner on our last night together in the Adirondacks.
"Guys," Alex said. "We have to do this again. Maybe not here or the same time of year. But we all have to get together like this again."
"Fuck yeah," James said. "You're all awesome and I love each of you. Laura I'm real glad Tim introduced you to us, you're a part of the gang now."
"We're a gang?" John questioned. "News to me! In any case I agree with Alex and James. About you. Not the gang thing."
"Thanks, guys," I said, smiling. "I'm glad I got to meet you all too. I can't wait till we get to hang out again."
"Laura if you ever want to visit you're always welcome to stay with me in my dorm," Ashley said. "We can have some Girls-only nights. It'll be great!"
"Same to you, Ashley. And, actually, I was thinking... Well, I have a long weekend coming up in a few weeks. Maybe I could visit you guys then?"
"Definitely," Ashley said.
The rest of the night passed by quietly, everyone exhausted from the last few days. Eventually we all decided to get some sleep, even though none of us really wanted to accept the trip would be over by morning. James and Alex said goodnight and headed to their tents first. Then John and Ashley, Ashley giving me a tight hug, pressing her breasts into mine, as she said goodnight to me as well before the two of them went into John's tent. Then I turned to Tim.
"Well," I said. "I guess this is goodnight!"
"Sweet dreams, Laura," he said, pulling me into him and kissing me.
I turned to my tent and took a few steps.
"Where are you going?" Tim asked.
"To my tent, silly!"
"Your tent is kind of small though, do you think we'll both fit in there?"
I paused for a moment, smiling and turning back to him.
"Well I guess we'll both have to share your tent tonight," I told him, grabbing Tim's hand and leading him into his tent for the night.