Chapter 5—Later in the week!
If you've been reading these true stories about M Chan you'll know that she's an extremely sex, horny, and free spirited older Japanese lady that loves to suck her boytoy's cocks and drink their cum. Loves to have her nipples played with while getting her pussy stuffed by a nice hard cock or big thick dildo. And can squirt loads of pussy juice all over herself and her lovers, sometimes while there's a big hard cock sliding in and out of her very tight little asshole.
In the last installment of M Chan's adventures with me I had her masturbate herself with a big black dildo while driving her around our city, and then fucking her in the ass outside next to one of the school's that I taught at.
To continue my story of trying to bring as much pleasure to M Chan as I can dream of, I decided to meet her later in the week, while my family were still traveling in Korea.
We were emailing each other back and forth trying to decide which day and time were best for the both of us and also where we should get together and maybe what we should do with each other.
M Chan told me that she wanted something in her ass and something in her pussy at the same time and that if she could she would like to suck a big hard cock and drink it's hot sticky cum just as she started squirting. I still wasn't comfortable bringing in any other guy that I knew into my little sex party with M because most of my friends were married and I didn't want my relationship with M Chan to get out.
I asked M if maybe one of her other boytoys would be interested in joining us and making it a threesome or foursome, but she said that they were uncomfortable with the idea of her fucking someone they didn't know while they were present. M Chan thought that they might be embarrassed, or uncomfortable because their penises were smaller then most foreigners.
I knew that we had enough toys between us that if we couldn't get a real man in on our fun we could still fill M Chan's holes and have her squirt and drink hot thick cum at the same time.
I had meetings all day thru until Thursday and M Chan was teaching classes at night up until 10:00pm, but had Thursday off so we set out next meeting up for the afternoon of that day.
I told you previously how M Chan always has a beautiful clean shaven pussy with a tiny little clit, so I decided to surprise her and do something that I and my wife have come to love ever since. I usually have my hair on my head shaved to about 3mm, which I do myself with trimmers.
On Thursday morning I took my trimmers and shaved all the pubic hair around my cock off down to 1mm. I then used my razor and shaved my balls and the area back to and around my asshole clean and smooth. At first it felt funny, but then as I thought more about it my cock started to grow.
I threw some things into my sex bag and headed out to M Chan's Fuck Palace to see where our adventures would lead us. I had no plans as per say, I just knew that I had all afternoon and night to suck and fuck my sexy little ballerina slut.
Talking dirty and calling M Chan a slut, bitch, and other dirty names had now become part of our great fucking sessions, because M Chan told me that she loved it and that she really got turned on by me using this language and also spanking her ass. I have to admit I liked it also because it was something that my wife would never permit me to do when we made love.
I called M Chan on my cell phone. "Hey Sexy, are you getting ready for me?" I asked. "I should be there in about ten minutes."
"I've got things laid out for us. Do you want to take a shower with me when you get here? I'd love for you to slide your soapy fingers in and out of my ass while I suck you cock, my horny boytoy!" M Chan purred to me over the phone making my cock jump inside my pants.
"That sounds like fun my sexy little slut, but first I want you to get yourself naked and start masturbating that hot little pussy for me. When I come in the door I want to see you cumming." I ordered her.
"That sounds sexy, I'll probably have my first orgasm before you get here. I hope you don't mind." M Chan replied.
"See you in a little while, my sexy bitch."
I pulled into M Chan's dance studio's parking lot across from a small train stop close by and stopped my car. I got out and made my way to the front door which I knew she hadn't locked, that was my task after I entered. I then made my way to the change room off to the right.
I quietly opened the sliding door and walked in. The sight before me made my cock instantly hard. There was M lying on a "Hello Kitty" blanket on the floor wearing a purple and black grater belt with a black bow in the middle below her belly button and fishnet type stockings that had a flower print on them. Around her neck was a sting of white pearls. Her ruby red lips were moaning softly as she masturbated.
She had her eyes tightly closed as she was massaging her little clit with a Thrive Handy Massager. She must have had it on the high power position because of the noise it was making and the fact that her ass was bouncing off the floor.
She also didn't hear me enter the room, so I quietly started taking pictures with my I-phone camera. After the first shot M Chan opened her eyes a little and slowly took notice of me.
"This is so fucking powerful. My pussy is on fire, I'm so close to cumming." M Chan moaned.
I could see that she was enjoying herself, her nipples were so hard and pointy. The look on her face was pure ecstasy, and the juices were flowing out of her open pussy lips and running down over her little brown asshole which was opening and closing very quickly.
"Put your big hard penis in my mouth, Jkun. I want to cum with your fucking cock in my mouth." M begged.
I quickly removed my pants and underwear then knelt over M Chan's head facing towards the action going on at her pussy and slide my very hard cock down into her hot wet mouth until my balls were resting on M's nose.
M Chan was using her throat muscles to suck my cock while at the same time her ass was bouncing higher and higher off the floor. I reached over my sexy little slut's body and grabbed her right ankle and pulled her ass up even more off the floor almost bending her back over towards me.
I grabbed M's left nipple and started to gently pull it up and down. I then tucked M's right foot under my armpit and freed up my right hand which I slowly started getting moist from all the juices coming out of her wet pussy. When my fingers were coated with all her wet slippery cum I slowly started to insert two of my fingers into M's tight asshole. As I got my fingers all the way in I slowly started to open and close them to stretch M's splinter. When I knew she was ready I really started to fuck M's butt, hard and fast.
"Fuck my ass...Fuck my asshole hard...Oh Jesus, fuck my ass with those big fingers of yours." M Chan groaned as she released my cock from her mouth, still jacking my cock with her tiny hand while the other held the massager hard against her clit.
"Oh! Oh! Oh! I'm cummming!...I'm fucking cummminng...ah...There! Fuck my asshole harder...pull my nipple, that's it...Oh FUCK!" M Chan screamed as she let the massager drop to the floor and started to quickly rub her little clit. At the same time I felt her asshole start to spasm M Chan's pussy started shooting stream after stream of clear pussy juice all over the walls and us. I slowly let her tightening ass squeeze my fingers out of her little brown hole.
She squirted and shook for almost a minute before finally she regained control of herself, that's when she released my cock from a death grip that she was holding it with the whole time she was cumming.
"Fuck that was good. I love the way your fingers were fucking in and out of my hole while that massager was driving me over the edge. My clit is still all tingly and my pussy feels so wet." M Chan whispered as she came back to her senses.
"I wish you had shot your hot sticky load all over me while I was cumming, that would have been so hot." M Chan said as she rolled over onto her knees and elbows reaching out for my hard cock. "I really want to drink your cum, my sexy stud."
"Look at that big hard cock, I love the way you shaved off all the hair. Now I'll be able to watch as it slides into my pussy and ass. Do you want me to get on and ride you for a while?" M Chan asked excitedly as she studied my balls and the area back to my asshole.
"How about that shower you told me about?" I asked as I stood up forcing M to rise to her knees in front of my very hard cock.
M sucked one of my balls into her hot mouth and then started to slowly lick up the underside of my dick until she got her red lips around the crown of my cock.
"Uuummmmm..." she purred as she swallowed my cock down her throat. When she had me all in her mouth, she started to lick out her tongue and lick my smooth hairless balls. Then she very slowly started to slide back up my cock, letting it pop out of her mouth and smacking back into my stomach.
"Do you want me to make you cum like this first? I know I would love to have a drink of your tasty cum right now." M Chan teased me from her knees.
"Let's get in the shower, bitch. I want to make this last." I told her as I stripped the rest of my clothes off and headed to her small office where her shower is located.
When I looked back I watched as M Chan slide a finger into her wet pussy and covered it with her juice, then she put it in her mouth and started to suck the finger clean. She had the wickedest smile on her lips as she bounced after me towards the office, unhooking her grater belt and taking off her stockings.
"Last night, my photographer fucked me in the ass in the shower." M Chan said as she leaned over and adjusted the temperature of the water from the shower head, pushing her ass cheeks back onto my hard cock. "Is that what you're going to do with me tonight?"
"No, Baby. I want to watch as my hot cum shots all over your sexy red lips. I have other things in mind for us in here tonight." I said as I reached over her to grab the bar of soap.
I lathered up my hands with lots of soap and then reached around to squeeze and pull M Chan's hanging tits and nipples. I knew this would get her hot and hornier in no time.
"Play with my tits, Jkun. That's it pull my nipples. Harder, Baby...pull my nipples harder. That's it. Oh...Jkun this feels so good." M Chan moaned as she started rubbing her wet pussy lips up and down the underside of my erect cock.
I released her left tit and started to massage M's back down towards her bouncing ass. As M left go a moan, I slapped her ass cheek with my free hand.
"Yes, that's it. Slap my ass. Do it again, my sexy boy." M Chan moaned again.
I released my other hand from her tit and grabbed the back of M's neck, keeping her bent over. I turned her around so that I could shove my cock into her hot mouth. Then I whacked her on the ass again and again, harder then I usually do leaving my hand print on her perfectly white skin.
"Yes...OH GOD Yes...Spank me...Slap my ass! Oh...Ummm...!" M Chan groaned as she started to swallow my cock back down her tight throat.
Just has she got to the bottom of my cock and started to lick my balls, I slipped two of my soapy fingers into her hot little asshole.
"Ahhh...Ohhh...Ah...Ummmmm!" M moaned around my cock deep in her throat almost making my shot my load into her belly. I put my fingers into M's hair with my free hand and slowly pulled her mouth up off my swelling cock.
"Come here my horny little bitch. I want to hold you and kiss that sexy mouth of yours." I said as I released my fingers from her tight ass and pulled her up into my arms.
She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me into her mouth, slowly sliding her tongue in around my tongue. We tongue danced for a little while, then I started rubbing her hard nipples again.
"Can I try something, Jkun?" M asked with this wicked look in her eyes.
"Sure, Baby. So long as we both enjoy it." I replied.
"Turn around and put your hands up on the wall above your head. Then move your feet back a little so that your ass is sticking out a little bit." M Chan ordered me as she grabbed the bar of soap and lathered up her hands. "Okay if you don't like what I'm doing just tell me to stop?"
First my sexy little slut started to massage my shoulders and back, slowly working her way down my body. Then she used one hand to rub around my ass cheeks and the other hand, she reached around and grabbed my cock.
She then started to give me a very soft and slow hand job, while playing her fingers around my asshole until I started to move my hips back and forth fucking her tiny soapy hand. Next she squeezed two of her tiny fingers into my asshole until she was buried as deep as she could get them.
"Jesus this feels good!" I moaned as I started to fuck my ass back onto her fingers and then forward into her hand. I knew that I wouldn't be able to last much longer doing this. That's when M Chan leaned around and started sucking my left nipple into her hot little mouth, gently biting and licking it.
"You're going to make me shoot my load if you keep doing this, my beautiful little slut!" I groaned as I started to really fuck myself on her fingers.
"Go ahead, Sweetie. You can shot your first load here if you really want to." M Chan said as she looked up into my eyes. I leaned down and slide my tongue into her sexy mouth. I knew I wasn't going to last much longer, but I didn't want to waste my first big load of cum like this.
"STOP...OH FUCK M, STOP! Let's get out of here. I want to see you drink my first load after I fuck that tight wet little pussy of yours." I moaned as I released myself from M Chan's sexy playing hands.
We jumped out of her shower and grabbed a couple of towels, quickly drying our bodies before heading back to the dressing room.
But as I passed through the reception area of M's studio she grabbed my hand.
"Here, fuck my pussy here! You sit on that wicker bench and I'll get on top off you and ride your big hard cock until you're ready to shot your cum all over my face." M said as she pulled me towards a low wicker bench that was about 45cms (18ins.) off the ground and about 35cms (13ins.) wide with a cream colored cushion on it.
I sat down as M ran to grab her sex bag which contained condoms, oils, and some of her toys. As she raced back to me she tossed me a black condom with lots of big bumpy knobs on it and placed the bag on the bench next to us. I ripped open the condom package and rolled it onto my very hard cock. Japanese condoms tend to be smaller then North America ones so there's not much left over when they reach the bottom of my hard cock.
M put her hands around the back of my head and both her feet up on the bench on either side of my hips.
"Let me fuck you like this. Don't move, just let my do all the work and fuck myself on that big cock of yours, Jkun." M ordered me as she reached between our bodies and lined the head of my cock up with her very tight opening.
As M slowly lowered herself down my cock, I couldn't believe how wet and hot her pussy was. She felt like she was on fire. I grabbed her ankles in my hands as she put her hands around the back of my head again when she bottomed out on my hard cock.
"I'm going to fuck myself good and hard on this beautiful cock of yours. When you're ready push me on the floor and shoot your hot sticky cum all over my face." M Chan moaned as she started to rise up my cock using her leg muscles and pulling with her arms on my neck.
"Jesus you're tight M. Fuck yourself like crazy, Baby, I love this position." I moaned as M started to slowly pick up speed and really fuck my cock in and out of her wet pussy. She was pounding up and down on my cock covering my balls and shaft in her pussy cum. My balls actually looked like they were covered in a sticky milk like cream.
M Chan fucked herself in this position for about five minutes, but then started to slow down. I guessed that her legs were getting tired, so I reached my hands under her sexy ass and grabbed her ass cheeks in the palms of my hands lifting her legs up over my arms just above my elbows. This forced her feet off the bench and my cock to sink deeply into her wet tight pussy.
"Fuck me, Jkun. Your cock is soooo deep in my pussy. Fuck me hard and fast, Honey. FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF ME! MY PUSSY IS CUMMMMING SO HARD. Your big hard cock has my little pussy filled so full." M Chan started screaming as her head fell back and her breathing got faster.
"FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!" M was repeating over and over as I felt her cunt muscles tightly squeezing my cock as it slammed in and out of her box. I knew that if I touched her clit now she would lose control.
I looked to my right and noticed M's sex bag and on top was one of her vibrating eggs. I reached over and grabbed the egg quickly, turning it on to full power and then dropped it down between our bodies so that every time I pulled M towards me the egg would buzz on her little clit.
"OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!" M Chan cried as I nailed my cock in and out of her pussy waiting for the moment that I knew she would start squirting her hot juice all over me.
"Come on bitch, squirt! Shot that pussy cream all over us. You love my cock driving in that hole of yours and that vibrator hitting your clit, don't you my horny slut?" I teased her on towards what I knew was going to be a big cum for her.
"AHHHHHHHHHH! HERE IT CUMMMMMMS!" M shouted as her pussy unload a huge amount of juice, shooting up between our bodies and covering us in her hot wet cum. M's eyes were rolled back in her head and her body was shaking so hard that I was afraid I was going to lose her out of my grip and drop her on her back on the floor.
"Did you enjoy that my hot little kitten? Are you ready for some more?" I asked M Chan as she started to go back down from her climax.
"Oh my god! Give me a minute, I'm still cumming a little and I need a minute to clear my head. That was so good. Thank you my sexy stud." M whispered as she moved towards me and made my cock disappear into her wet pussy again.
M Chan snuggled close and start searching for my tongue when her mouth covered mine. Sliding our tongues back and forth over each other felt so sexy and good, especially with my hard cock still buried deep in her cunt.
When I knew that M was ready to continue I stood lifting her in my arms with my cock still in her wet box. As I walked around the reception area I fucked M with every step I took.
"Mmmmm...this is nice. Your cock feels so big and deep in my pussy. Fuck me slowly, Jkun." M Chan whispered in my ear as she wrapped to arms around my neck.
I walked around in circles in the reception area of M's studio slowly fucking her up and down on my big hard cock. I knew I wasn't far from shooting my load, but I wanted to do it with M Chan cumming at the same time as me.
I walked over to the big window that looks out over M's studio parking lot and the nearby road. I knew that lots of cars and people would be passing by and that M would have a great view of everyone.
"Look at everyone passing by M, do you think they know that you are watching them with a big fat cock in you wet little pussy? Do you think they can see you, my horny bitch fucking like a slut in the middle of the day with everyone walking by so close to you?" I teased M Chan as I fucked my cock in and out of her tight pussy.
I knew M was close to cumming when I slipped a finger into her tight little assshole.
"Fuck me hard Jkun...I don't care who sees me or who hears me...I'm a fucking horny slut bitch that's going to cum real hard for everyone to see and hear." M Chan screamed out loud as she used her legs muscles to start fucking herself on my cock hard and fast.
"Okay my sexy little bitch, if that's the way you want it, I'm going to shoot my hot sticky cum all over your beautiful face." I moaned as we both started to pick up speed and really fuck into each other.
I don't know if M's eyes were opened or closed, she had her arms tightly wrapped around my neck and was breathing very hard into my ear as she bounced up and down on my hard cock trying to get it's hot white juice to shoot for her.
"FUCK ME...FUCK ME...FUCK ME! You big horny stud. Your cock feels soooo good in my pussy. Give me that hot cum. I'm fucking cummming...Oh...ahhh... OH...FUCK I'M CUMMING..." M Chan screamed as she banged her hand against the window to steady herself from falling.
When I felt her hot wet pussy juice start to squirt down our legs, I lifted her off my cock and let her put her own feet on the floor. I slipped my finger out of her tight asshole and then pushed her to her knees in front of my cock.
M Chan was still shooting pussy juice all over the place, but she knew what was coming.
She grabbed my hard cock in her little hand, ripped the black condom off, and started to jerk it up and down very fast while licking the tip where she knew her present was waiting. I grabbed M Chan's hair with both my hands holding her face in front of my big hard wet cock.
"Here it comes, Bitch. Let it shoot all over your beautiful face." I shouted as my first shot of cum fly up and landed on her forehead and into her hair. This was followed closely by my second shot that matched the first perfectly. The remainder of my cum went all over her face, on her nose, lips, both cheeks, and down over her chin and neck.
I slide down the floor, spent, as M Chan continued to pump my cock for whatever cum she could get out of me.
When she finished, I watched as she stood up naked and covered in hot sticky cum in front of the window, where I knew everyone passing by could see her. She slowly turned and walked back towards the dressing room.
"Would you like to go for some dinner before we continue with this little fuck session of ours. I'm going to touch up my face a little before we head out." M Chan winked back at me as I lay there out of sight of everyone.
Continued in Chapter 6—Later in the night!