My name is Emma, and I want to share with you what happened to me on my Caribbean Vacation. I will start by telling you about myself. I am in my early 40's stand 5'7 tall, have long brown hair and ice blue eyes, and I work in a rather stuffy Law Office. I was married to Sean for almost 10 years when our relationship ended, that's when I decided to treat myself, to what I think was, a long overdue vacation. So, I figured that I would fulfill my dream of going to the Caribbean. It took me several months to plan out the details of my trip; I planned everything down to the smallest detail, including a full itinerary for the 4 days I would be there. I wanted to be sure I would be able to do everything I wanted. Which is a nice change of pace from married life.
I took a flight to Atlanta then a direct flight out of Atlanta going to Trinidad and Tobago, the day my divorce was final. Once I landed, I picked up my rental car and made the beautiful drive to Charlottesville, where I had rented a bay cottage. The location was astounding, the cottage was on the edge of a rainforest, right on the bay; just the type of place I needed to recoup and regroup. I didn't even bother to unpack; I just grabbed my bikini and headed straight into the water.
The beach is deserted, just what I was hoping for when I booked someplace off the tourist path. The water feels amazing and I can't get over how clear it is, back home you can't see more than 10 feet in front of you, here it seems like you can see forever, I can't wait to dive here. So I finished up my swim and headed in for a shower. The cottage had this amazing outdoor shower that brought out the exhibitionist in me. I must have been in there for at least an hour, because by the time I was done, the sun had begun to set. So, I grabbed a sundress from my bag and headed into town to find some place to grab dinner.
In town I found this quaint little place, I could hear the music from outside, so I decided to head in. It had a small bar that nobody was sitting at, so I pulled up a stool and had a seat. The bartender came up and introduced herself. "Hello there, my name is Steebeth; would you care for a drink?"
"Hi Steebeth, I would love a drink. What would you recommend?" I asked
"Would you like to try an Island Punch? It's one of my favorites." Steebeth replied
"Sure why not." I answered "By the way Steebeth is a very interesting name, if you don't mind me asking, what does it mean?"
"I don't mind at all, it is a Trinidad name that means Great Beauty," she said.
And a great beauty she was. She was about 5'5, long brown hair that went right over a nice round ass and small perky breasts and in the air conditioning it was very obvious that she was not wearing a bra. I proceeded to order my dinner, and Steebeth and I got to talking. She was born and raised on the island and she told me of a great cove to do snorkeling at, she said it was out of the way so it was usually deserted. Before I left she wrote down the directions to the cove and I decided that I would go there in the morning. I headed back to the cottage for a good night's sleep.
In the morning I was awaken by the sounds of the surf and the birds in the fields behind my cottage. I had a light breakfast, put on my bikini and sarong. I then grabbed my snorkel gear and towel and headed on my way. When I arrived I was awe struck by the beauty and isolation of this cove. Without even a second thought I hit the water. This bay had some of the most amazing reefs I have ever seen, the marine life way so bright and colorful, I loved it. After exploring the reef for a bit, I figured it was time to take a break so I swarm back to the beach to catch some sun.
When I reached my towel I figured since I was the only one around, and it was such a secluded location, I decided to ditch my suit and try for an all over tan. I must have dozed off or something because I was startle awake by the sound of a familiar man's voice saying "Can I join you?"
Without opening my eyes, I answered "I don't mind, after all it's not my beach." I joked
The familiar voice replied "Of course it's not yours, it's mine."
Surprised I opened my eyes and began to apologize, but when I saw the face of the man I could no longer speak. I knew the voice was familiar, but I was shocked when I saw that the man behind the voice was Parker. Parker and I had an on again and off again fling before I met my now ex-husband. I was so surprised to see him that I jumped up and gave him a hug, completely forgetting that I wasn't wearing anything.
After the hug Parker took a step back and gave me a once over and said, "Emma you look even better that I remembered, and still quite the exhibitionist I see."
"Oh my God!" I said as I reached for my towel, "I'm sorry, I was just so happy to see you. How's your wife?"
"Good I guess, we're been divorced for a few years now. How's Sean?" he asked.
I held up my left hand showing no wedding ring, while saying, "I wouldn't know."
We both laughed for a moment and then just stood there kind of awkwardly for a minute when I had to ask, "What did you mean you beach?"
"Well after my divorce I came down here for some rest and relaxation, and I liked it so much I stayed," Parker answered. "I see you still dive," noticing the snorkel and mask, "Would you like a buddy? I have been diving here for years and you love to show you some of my favorite spots," he continued
"That would be great, but I can only snorkel, I couldn't bring all my gear on the plane," I said
"Perfect, because this is all I have with me." Parker said while pointing to his snorkel gear laying on the beach. "Let's go."
"Great just give me a minute to put my suit back on." I reply
Parker grabs my arm and tells me not to bother with my suit as he drops his trunks on the sand and says "It's better this way anyway,"
We headed into the water and I can't help but think to myself that he still looks great naked. I spend the next hour or so with Parker as my tour guide. He was a pleasure to dive with, pointing out various sea life and rock formations. We continued until his dive watch alarm when off, and we headed in. on the beach he told me that he had to go close the shop and said " I've had a great time and would like to get caught up, have dinner with me?"
"I would like that," I responded
He pointed out a path and told me to follow it and it will bring me to his place where I could shower off the day, and disappeared as quickly as he arrived. I gathered my things and proceeded up the path. After walking for only a few moments, I saw it, Parker's house. It was nothing like I had ever seen, or would ever expect. At first it looked like a modest two story bungalow. But as I got closer, it appeared that the ocean facing side was all glass and the second floor had French doors opened to a large balcony. "Parker's done well for himself" I thought, as I headed in. After looking around I found, on the second floor, what appeared to be the master bedroom. I stepped into the master bath and jump into the shower.
As I washed off the sand and salt water for the day I kept thinking about the old days with Parker. Parker was the one who brought out the exhibitionist side in me. We rarely had sex in a bed; it was usually in some highly visible location like a parking lot during the day, or on the side of some highway. Where ever we were when the urge struck was good enough. Thinking about the old days got me pretty worked up. When I slide my hands down to wash my pussy I noticed I was soaked. I needed to take the edge off or else I might never make it to dinner. I slide two finger of my left hand deep into myself, and with my right hand I started rubbing my clit, all while thinking about how easily Parker used to bring me to multiple orgasms. Soon my entire body began to tremble, my pussy clamped down on my fingers, as I exploded, cum ran down my thighs as I sighed in relief. I quickly finished my shower, grabbed a towel and stepped back into the master bedroom to dry off.
While drying off I noticed a beautiful blue sarong dress lying on the bed. I thought to myself "It must belong to his wife," I walked over to take a look at it. As I go closer I saw a note that read: "Emma, I thought you would look great in this... Parker." I took the dress and put it on. I was astounded when I look at myself in the mirror. Not only was it a perfect fit, it showcased my large breasts wonderfully. After admiring myself, I headed back down stair to find Parker.
I rounded the corner into the kitchen, just as Parker was coming out. "I was just going to get you," he said
And without another word he pulled me to him and kissed me with such passion that I began to get wet all over again. The kiss brought back all the excitement that I thought I had taken care of in the shower. I could tell by the growing bulge in his shorts that he was as turned on as I was. It took all my self control not to reach down and start stroking him, instead I broke our embrace. I took a step back and thanked Parker for the dress and slowly turned around, giving him a good look at me.
I asked, "Do you like?"
Parker responded by pulling me in close, looking me deep in the eyes saying, "What do you think?"
He leaned in and resumed kissing me. I could no longer resist, I had to feel his cock. So I reached down and gave his bulge a quick squeezed and started to rub his cock through his shorts. This was all the encouragement that he needed, Parker moved his right hand from my cheek and with one quick motion untied the knot that secured the dress. The dress fell to the floor, leaving me standing naked in his arms. With that I undid the button and zipper on his shorts and grabbed his cock causing him to moan in pleasure and for a drop of cum to escape. I had to have it, so I dropped to my knees and took his cock into my mouth.
I remember thinking to myself "Much thicker than I remembered," as I continued to slide his cock deep into my throat. I paused to savor the feeling, and then started to slowly lick and suck my way back to the tip. Once I reached the tip of his massive erection, Parker grabbed me by the arms, pulled me to my feet and pushed me up against the wall. He then moved his hand down and slipped a finger into my already soaking wet cunt. Upon noticing just how wet I was, he just looked at me and smiled. I couldn't take it any longer, I had to have him.
I reached my arms around him and pulled him in closer to me. Parker knew just what I wanted, and he gave it to me. With one fluid movement he plunged his enormous pick deep inside my awaiting pussy, causing me to scream in pleasure. Parker laughed at the sound of my scream and he started to forcefully fuck me, right there against the wall. Before I knew it my body was trembling as sign of my impending orgasm. I moaned, and soon my moans turned to screams as my orgasm took over. I started to buck wildly, matching his every thrust. Parker was soon moaning with his own pleasure, the sound of him pushed me right over the edge. My muscles clamped down on his cock, causing us both to cum with an intensity that I haven't felt in a very long time.
As our simultaneous orgasms subsided, we collapsed onto the floor. We had been laying there in each other's arms for a few moments, when Parker lifted my chin, kissed me and said.
"I have wanted to do that again for a very long time. How about that dinner?"
Parker lead me back upstairs and out on to the balcony, where there was a beautifully laid out dinner for two.
Surprised by the sight I asked, "When did you do this?"
"While you were in the shower," Parker answered "And what a sight you were. I had thought about joining you, but I didn't know how you'd react to me walking in."
I laughed and said "I would have loved it if you had joined me, but at least you enjoyed watching."
We proceeded to enjoy or dinner. During diner, laughed and joked, just like old times. Even the discussions of our failed marriages went smoothly. It was like no time had passed since we parted ways all those years ago. Before I knew it, a few hours had gone by. I commented on how late it was and that I should get going. Parker walked me to the door, hugged me goodbye, and whispered one word softly in my ear.
"Stay," He said.
And stay I did. I slept so soundly that night, when I awoke in the morning Parker was gone. I looked around and noticed that the doors to the balcony were open, so I went to see if he was out there, He wasn't. But, I did find a Breakfast and a note that read:
"Emma, Sorry I was gone when you woke up. I had to go open the shop and I will be back soon. I took the liberty of having your things sent over from the cottage and I had your rental car returned. You won't be needing them. I have a big day planed for us. Enjoy breakfast, I will see you soon"
"How presumptuous of him, sweet but presumptuous." I thought to myself, while I began eating breakfast. After breakfast, I took a shower and went to find my things and get dressed. It was hard to decide what to wear, not knowing what he had planned, so I put on a swimsuit and a sarong, figuring it would be appropriate for just about anything he had in mind. Once I was dressed I went down stair to wait for Parker to return.
Before I knew it, Parker walk through the door greeting me with a hug, then he proceeded to walk me outside and down the beach to his waiting boat. I must have had a puzzled look on my face because Parker said "Don't worry and don't ask; it's a surprise."
We boarded the boat and headed on our way, to where I didn't know. After about 30 minutes, Parker shut down the engines and dropped anchor.
"We're here," He announced.
"If you say so, by the way where's here?" I asked.
Parker just smiled and went below. A few minutes later he returned carrying two full scuba set-ups. Way back when I first learned to, dive Parker and I talked about doing some tropical diving together, but we never got the chance, up until now that is. Parker had brought everything we needed, even an underwater camera, so we suited-up and headed in.
I got to see some wonderful marine life. I saw my first manta; and some queen angles, turtles, and some huge brain coral. The water temperature was around 80 and the visibility was incredible, I could see the sights that were about 70 feet away. The currents were a bit stronger than I'm used to, but it was so much fun.
During our "bottom time" I was able to take tons of pictures, so I would always be able to remember this day. And every once in a while, Parker made it clear what was on his mind, but reaching out and rubbing my breasts, there was even a few times that he managed to slide his hand between my legs. Don't get me wrong, I am sure not complaining, I even managed to cop a few feels of my own while we were down there. After about 30 minutes we decided to surface and take a break, so we headed for the boat.
Once we were back on board, we stripped off our gear and grabbed a drink. After relaxing for a few minutes I decided to make the first move. I leaned in and started caressing Parkers cock. He leaned back and spread his legs to allow me better access, but that wasn't enough for me. I proceeded by putting his legs back together and pulling off his shorts. Parker just sat back and smiled. Once his short were out of the way I had full access to do what I had wanted to do since he found me on the beach. I leaned in and lightly licked the head of his cock, causing his cock to twitch and Parker to moan. That was just what I wanted to hear.
Using my hands I spread his legs wide enough for me to get between them. Once I was on my knees between his legs I seized the opportunity and began to devour his semi-hard cock. In one quick fluid motion I deep throated his cock and started licking the underside. I slowly worked my way back up to the tip where I increased suction while flicking my tongue across the top. I continued sock Parkers cock until he was rock hard. Then I looked him in the eyes and deep throated him one last time, before removing his cock from my mouth.
I stood-up and closed his legs, and then I straddled him. I ever so slowly impaled myself until he was completely buried inside my hot wet cunt. I paused, not only to savor the moment, but also to give my pussy a chance to adjust to his massive girth.
During that moment I looked Parker in the eyes and said "I'm going to ride you till you scream."
I started by slowly lifting myself up to the point that only the head of his penis was still inside me, then I would quickly slam myself down engulfing every inch of him. Soon with the combination of slow and quick movements Parker began to moan, and I found the look of pure lust on his face to be completely intoxicating. I continued to fuck him in this manner, and soon he began to thrust into me, matching me stroke for stroke and his moans turned into screams.
Parker's screams drove me absolutely wild. Just knowing I was the cause of his intense pleasure was empowering. He leaned over and took my nipple into his mouth, and that did it for me. Before I knew it I was experiencing the most mind blowing orgasms' I have ever had in my life. First, my legs began to shake, then the shaking worked its way up my whole body; I became light headed and I could no longer hold back my scream of pleasure.
My cunt clamped down so hard on Parker's cock that I was amazed that he could still move. The sounds and sensations of my orgasm were too much for Parker to handle, and he exploded inside of me, totally filling me with his cum. The two of us collapsed into each other's arms and fell asleep.
We were woken up by the sound of Parker's alarm, and he said, "I have to go closed the shop, wanna come with me?"
"Sure," I answered, "You have me all day."
Both of us began to laugh, as we head into shore. Once we were back, Parker tied up to the pier took me by the hand, and lead me to his shop. Now, in my mind I was picturing his shop as small bait and tackle, this couldn't have been further from the truth. Parker's shop was the massive state of the art, dive shop. Truth be told I have never been in a dive shop like it before; it even had an indoor pool in the center of the store.
Parker did his duties, as the shop owner, and closed the shop for the night. When he was done he gave me a full tour of the facilities. He showed me everything from the retail section to the fill station; he even showed me the heating system that kept the pool at a constant 85 degrees. Heading back through the store, to go to his office, Parker pushed me into the pool. I reacted quick enough to grab his arm and pull him in with me.
So here we are, in the pool, in the middle of his shop, laughing like a couple of teenagers. When Parker moved in behind me and cupped my breasts with his hands, which cause me to let out a sigh. Before I knew it Parker had untied my bikini top, exposing my breasts. He spun me around and kissed me passionately. Parker was holding me so close to him that I couldn't help but feel his growing erection pushing up against my snatch. I instinctively started to rock my hips, rubbing myself up and down his cock.
Parker then bent down, taking my nipple into his mouth. While he sucked on one nipple, he would pinch and flick the other, then he would switch. After a few minutes of this he began to remove my bottoms, by untying the strings at the sides. Once both side were untied, he tossed them aside. He then lifted me up and sat me on the edge of the pool.
He positioned himself between my legs and kissed me deeply. When he stopped kissing me, he playfully pushed me back so I was lying on the pool deck with my legs still in the pool. Parker then leaned down and gave my pussy one long lick before focusing his attention on my clit. He started with light teasing lick and worked his way to strong quick flicks of his tongue. Parker must have sensed my impending orgasm, because when I was on the edge, he slid two fingers deep into my cunt, causing me to scream out in pure pleasure. The orgasm had me so hypersensitive, that I actually had to beg him to stop.
When he stopped he stood up and slammed his engorged cock deep inside my dripping wet pussy. Parker fucked me with such passion and intensity that I felt my second orgasm start to build. My body began to tremble and shake as I squirted cum all over his massive erection. Shortly after Parkers own orgasm took over him. He was pounding me harder and faster, while his moans turned into screams as he shot his cum deep inside my already soaking wet cunt.
After some recovery time, we got dressed and headed out for dinner. Parker told me he was going to take me to his favorite "hole in the wall." When we arrived, I kind of chuckled to myself; you see, his favorite place was the only place I had gone to eat since I arrived on the island.
When we walked in I saw that the girl behind the bar was the same gorgeous island girl that was working when I came here before.
I greeted her by name "Hi Steebeth, how are you doing today?" I asked.
"Great, I'm glad you came back and I see you have met our resident dive specialist." Steebeth responded.
"Actually, Parker and I go way back, before either of us got married," I said
So we had dinner and drinks, we talk about everything you could think of. Finally Steebeth came up to us and told us it was time for her to close, so we gathered our things and headed for the door. When we were about to leave Parker asked Steebeth "Is everything set for tomorrow, should I bring anything?"
"Everything is ready to go; you don't need to bring anything." Steebeth answered, and we left.
That night, I was completely exhausted; I think I was asleep before my head even hit the pillow. The next day Parker took me sightseeing. He took me on a tour of the rain forest, and pointed out all the different types of beautiful bird that inhabit the island. Parker made an excellent tour guide. After the rain forest Parker and I had a picnic lunch by an amazing waterfall, it was the first waterfall I have ever seen. I had a wonderful day. When we got back to his house, he told me to relax and get ready for the evening; he would be back around 8pm to pick me up. When I had asked how I should dress, Parker gave me this coy little smile and answered "Sexy," as he left.
I took my time finding the right outfit to wear. I decided on this slinky black dress, that I had brought with me. I knew Parker would love it. It was a halter top style with a plunging neck and a bare back. My ex hated this dress because, when I wore it without a bra anyone looking from the right angle had an unobstructed view of my breasts. Needless to say, that is why I loved this dress. That and the back of the dress showed off my ass just as well.
I headed for the shower, wondering where we were going to go, and thinking about what I would do to Parker when we got back. I got in the shower and washed my hair and began to wash my body, as I started to wash my hairless pussy I thought to myself "Glad I got everything wax off before I left." While washing myself I noticed how wet I had gotten just thinking about tonight. My hand lingered for a moment, and then I noticed Parker's shower had a hand held shower head. "This could be fun" I thought to myself as I reached for it. I tried out all the different water settings before deciding that pulse would work best for what I had in mind. Then I tried different water temps, cold felt just amazing.
I sat down on the built-in shower bench and began to use the pulsating stream of water on myself. First I started with my nipples, the water caused them to harden instantly, and I liked that. I kept the water there for a few moments. Then I spread my legs as wide as I could and refocused the water on my bare wet aching pussy, my clit hardened as quickly as my nipples, so I aimed to water right at it. I held the shower head in one hand and twisted and pulled at my nipples with the other. Before I knew it, I felt my orgasm building. I slide my hand down and plunged two fingers into my throbbing cunt. That was just what I needed, I just let go and let this mind blowing orgasm wash over my entire body.
When my orgasm finally subsided, I wrapped myself in a towel and headed to the bedroom to get ready for the night ahead. I decided to wear my hair up that night to show off the back of my dress. When I was done with my hair, I dropped my towel and slipped into my dress and took a moment to admire myself. My back was completely exposed the dress just covered my ass, and if someone was standing behind me they would be able to look down the back of my dress and get a good view. My nipples were still hard from the shower event and the dress showed them off beautifully as well. I put on my best sandals and headed down to wait for Parker.
I was walking down the stairs as Parker was coming thru the door. The second he saw me he stopped dead in his tracks and said one word.
"WOW!" Parker exclaimed
"Thanks," I said as I finished descending the stairs. I turned slowly to give him the full effect "You Like?" I asked.
"Damm girl, you look hot." He said, as he pulled me closed and kissed me. "Let's make your last night on the island one you'll never forget." Parker said, as he took me by the hand and lead me out the door.
We arrived at a small unassuming house, Parker lead us around back. In the back was this very large, beautifully landscaped, fenced in yard; filled with people, music and I could even see several bars complete with bartenders, and what appeared to be a raised dance platform. Parker informed me that Steebeth and her husband, Everton hosted this invite only house party 4 times per year.
Parker got us some drinks and we began to mingle. Parker brought me around, with his hand on my back, introducing me to different people, and every once in a while he would slide his hand down inside my dress and squeeze my ass and smile. We mingled for about an hour when I noticed people had gathered around, what I thought was the dance floor. Soon we began to work our way thru the crowd, and I was able to see it wasn't a dance floor at all.
Parker stepped behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist and whispered "Watch."
And watch I did. From where we were standing what I could see was the back of a woman with a great figure and long dark hair, standing naked with her legs spread. She appeared to be swaying to the music. But after a couple of minutes I realized that it was the music that caused her swaying. I looked a bit more carefully and saw that there was a man seated on the floor in front of her. Then she started making noises, and it all became clear. The man was the cause of the swaying and noises; he had been licking her pussy, right there in front of everyone.
Soon the man turned the woman around, and I was able to see who she was. It was Steebeth and her husband. Everton placed his hand on Steebeth's hips and pulled her down on to his cock. She rode him wildly with everyone watching. Soon he reach around and began to rub her clit, causing, what was obvious to everyone watching, an intense orgasm. The orgasm took over her body, making her tremble and scream out. After she was done, she slid Everton's cock out of her pussy. I could see it glistening from being coated in her cum. Steebeth started to slide her pussy lips up and down his cock until he shot his jizz all over her. Everyone applauded at the sight. When they left the stage, another couple took their place.
"So, what did you think?" Parker whispered
"That was hot, she is gorgeous." I replied
Parker then slipped his hand down my back, into my dress, then around front and lightly ran his finger down my slit. He chuckled when he felt just how wet I was. While we watch the next couple, Parker kept his hand in my dress. He would alternate between caressing my ass, breasts and pussy. He was driving me crazy. When the third couple took the stage Parker whispered something else in my ear.
"Interested?" He asked.
Before I could even answer, Parker nodded to Steebeth to claim the next spot on the stage. The third couple finished and Parker took me by the hand and escorted me up onto the stage.
He kissed me deeply and said, "Let's see just how much of an exhibitionist you really are."
I didn't reply, I just lifted my hand to the back of my neck and undid the one tie that was holding my dress on, and Let it drop to the floor. I stepped in and removed Parkers shirt, then dropped to my knees to remove his pants. When I freed his cock from it confinement I couldn't help but to give it a teasing lick before standing back up. I turned around and leaned in so Parker's prick was nestled in the crack of my ass. Then I took his hands and placed them on my tits.
Parker instantly started pinching and twisting my nipples, which caused me to moan loudly. I spread my legs apart, so the crowd could see just how wet I was. I put two fingers deep inside my pussy and pulled them out, then I placed them in Parker's mouth; he moaned and licked them clean. His moan was all the encouragement I needed. I brought my finger to my clit and began to masturbate myself in front of everyone. As I started to orgasm my legs were trembling so badly I could hardly stand, so Parker held me up for all to see.
As soon as my orgasm ended, Parker set me on fours and stepped in front of me. He grabbed me by the hair and forced he huge cock in my mouth, causing me to gag. Parker knew just how much I loved it when he would get forceful. He continued to slam his huge tool down my throat, and soon his moans got louder, I knew this meant he was getting close. So, I reached up and started massaging his balls. Just as they began to tighten, he let out a scream, pulled his cock from my mouth and shot his hot load all over my face. When he was done cumming he looked down at me and smiled. We grabbed our clothes and left the stage.
As we stepped down, a lovely couple handed us each a moist towel and disappeared into the crowd. We used to towels to clean ourselves up, and we got dressed and grabbed a drink from the bar. We stayed at the party for a while longer, just laughing and carrying on with the other guests. Soon Parker told me it was time to go and that he had another surprise waiting for me, and we headed out.
When we got back to Parker's home, I was a bit puzzled about my surprise; until I stepped inside. It was incredible; there were candles and lilies (my favorite) everywhere. There was a path lined with candles that lead upstairs into the master bedroom. Once I stepped into the bedroom I could see that the path lead to the master bathroom. In the bathroom I found soft music, more lilies and candles. But, the thing that really surprised me was a fully drawn bubble bath. Parker told me to make myself comfortable and he would be back in a few minutes. So I undress and climbed into the bath.
Once in the bath, I put my head back, closed my eyes and just relaxed. I opened my eyes to see Parker standing there holding a bottle of Champagne and a tray of Hors d'oeuvres. He poured us each a glass and joined me in the bath. We cuddled talked ate and drank until the water got cold. At that point, I suggested we move to the bedroom.
I wrapped myself in a towel and headed towards the bed. Parker came up behind me and took the towel from me and tenderly dried every inch of my body. When he was done he laid me on the bed on my stomach. Parker took out some lotion and started massaging the lotion into my back. He started at my neck and slowly worked his way all the way down to my feet. When he was done he slide up my body and began kissing my neck. At that point I rolled myself over to my back, while staying underneath him.
After I turned over, Parker carefully placed his knees between mine, causing my legs to spread. He then, ever so slowly, slid his throbbing cock inside, my already wet, cunt. Parker fucked me with tender long deep strokes until he started to feel my pussy contract around his cock. He knew this meant that I was getting ready to cum, so he began to increase the speed of his strokes. His increased speed caused my orgasm to take over, my moan turned to screams, as my body started to tremble, until I finally exploded, coating both of us with my cum.
The sensations proved to be too much for Parker to take. Soon Parker's own orgasm caused him fill me with his hot load. The feeling of his prick pulsating and squirting inside my cunt triggered another orgasm for me. With this we both collapsed into a pile of bodies, cum and sweat. Soon we fell asleep, with our bodies still intertwined.
In the morning Parker woke me up with breakfast in bed. After breakfast I showered and packed my things for my trip home. Parker drove me to the airport, holding my hand the whole way there. We had a heartfelt goodbye at the gate, and I headed for my plane. I turned to wake goodbye, but he was already gone. Saddened by that I boarded my flight. After about 20 minutes on the tarmac, we finally headed for take-off.
After takeoff, the seatbelt sign finally shut off; and I proceeded to settle in for my long flight home. I had finally gotten myself settled, when the flight attendant came up to me and handed me an envelope. "Strange" I thought as I opened it. The letter read:
"I couldn't bear the thought of losing you again. I'm waiting for you in First Class. ~~Parker."