"Hey Paul how come your sister's so fine and you're so ugly?"
I must have heard it a million times through middle school and high school. I was small for my age, the worst at sports, and not very good looking or charming, in other words a geek. The guys worshiped my big sister though; she was, as they would say, a stone cold fox. The teachers liked her too, because she was an excellent student, and never misbehaved. They couldn't understand how I could be her brother either. We were a little over a year apart, so-called Irish twins, but she was two grades ahead because of where our birthdays fell, hers in August, and mine in October.
By the way, I can tell you for certain that nothing sexual happened with anyone before the age of eighteen, because nothing did.
I lived a working class neighborhood in Cleveland with my parents and my aforementioned sister, Gina. As I said, Gina was drop dead gorgeous, perfect in every way. She was about five foot six, dark brown hair, big beautiful light blue eyes, a cute little nose (very rare for us Italians), and full lips. The lips needed no lipstick, and the skin needed no makeup. She had an angelic and innocent face.
She had a body made for evil though, with long shapely legs, and full thighs and hips. Her waist was very narrow, and she had a perfectly round butt that stuck out. I mean really round, like an apple. Her breasts were no more than a handful each, but stuck out nicely from her slight shoulders and narrow waist. To see her standing still was a real treat, but to watch her walk was truly unbelievable, with everything bouncing and swinging. If she was coming or going she was the most arousing thing you would ever see. All the way through high school, everyone considered her the sexiest girl in school, even though she dressed modestly. The contrast between the innocent face and that killer body is what made her special, I think.
It was too bad that all of this was going to waste. You see that Gina was not allowed to date, or have any doings with boys for that matter. Our dad was very old world Italian would not allow it. This was the cause of constant fights and arguments between her and our parents. I think Mom was sympathetic, but the old man wouldn't give in. As long as we lived in his house, we lived by his rules. In his world, if a girl went on a date with a boy without a chaperone, it meant that she had been "had" and was unsuitable for marriage. Even rumors that she had been out would make her "damaged goods." Girls had to be virgins on their wedding night, and there could be no doubt about it.
Men, however, had no such restrictions on them. When I got old enough to get "the talk" from Dad, he didn't say much, but he did say not to "bother" the "good girls". Men have their needs, but stick with the loose women and divorced women until you are ready for marriage. None of this advice or freedom was necessary for me though, because, as I said, I was basically a grade-A geek.
Gina was a very sweet girl, and as good student, always helped her little brother (me) with his homework. She never used any profanity. The worst thing she would say is "dag nap it", or "kiss my feet". She spent a lot of time reading books and doing schoolwork.
Her friends Denise and Diane, who we called Dee and Di didn't date either, not because they were forbidden, but because no one would ask them out. They were very unattractive to say the least, both homely and overweight. Not dating material. She would talk with them on the front porch for hours. I would sometimes sneak around the side of the house and hide in the bushes to listen to them, mostly girlish gossip.
I started hanging out with some nasty boys in the neighborhood, even though I was several years younger than them. Even though I had a hard time making friends and fitting into cliques, but these guys accepted me for some reason. There was Larry and Bryan and a few others. Then there were the guys at the local gas station where I worked part-time who must have been in their twenties. They were not good influences at all. There was a lot of crude talk about sex, which fascinated me. Larry had a ton of dirty magazines. Some Playboys, which only showed titties back then, and some other black and white ones, which showed women with their legs spread, but very poor quality. Larry's parents were never home and the bunch of us hung out in his garage, looked at the pictures, and talked about sex as we smoked cigarettes.
Although I was a geek, and not getting any action, I was a normal young man sexually speaking. Physically, I only got the average six inches, but to me it seemed gigantic. I was really proud of it. I was pretty horny too, above average, you could say. Up to that point, I never thought about my sister in a sexual way, though.
One day I was with Larry and Bryan when my sister Gina came over on her bike. When she left, the two guys started talking about what they wanted to do with her. Bryan said he wanted to run the tip of his cock up and down the crack of her ass. Larry said he would like to have those soft pretty lips wrapped around his crank while she looked up at him with those big innocent eyes, and how he wanted to feel his balls tapping against her chin. This kind of talk was enough to get me hard in those days. It also caused me to start looking at Gina in a non-brotherly way.
When my sister got ready for bed she usually wore a very short nightie with a bra and panties. She would sometimes walk around in these nightclothes before bedtime. I would admire her shapely legs. Sometimes when she sat down, the gown and the panties would hike way up.
I could see all of her thighs and part of her ass. When she stood in front of a light you could see through the fabric, which was almost as good as seeing her in her underwear, which I sometimes would see when she walked between her bedroom and the bath.
Sometimes, she would wear nightclothes which were a lot less revealing. These were shifts, which went down to a little below her knees, and had a fairly high neck. The nice thing about these was that she didn't wear a bra underneath. Her tits stood firm, but would bounce and swing when she moved. I found out that she wasn't wearing any panties either, when one day she changed without closing her door completely. She put the shift on first and then removed everything else from underneath, including her bra and panties. It drove me totally crazy when she didn't put anything on underneath afterwards.
Gina graduated high school when I was finished with my sophomore year. She got a scholarship to Ohio State, but our dad would not let her go away to stay in the dorms, because this would effectively make her some kind of a slut, and destroy her value on the marriage market. He insisted that he trusted her completely, just not the boys.
So Gina attended a small local Catholic all girl college that she could drive to instead, and continued living the life of a nun at home. By my senior year in high school, I was eighteen, with all the hormones that went with it, and a bit of a pervert, I admit.
Nasty as I had become, my sister was still every bit as innocent as she looked. She would hear dirty jokes at school and not "get" them. She would sometimes ask me to explain them if she didn't realize it was sexual in nature. One joke involved 'getting hard' or "being hard" and she didn't know what that meant. When I told her that it meant that a man's private part was hard she said, "Why would it be hard?" I told her to go ask Mom.
The thought popped into my head of showing her my hard-on, which I already told you I was very proud of. It would have to be some kind of accident, of course. I now had the fantasy of her staring at my huge erection with wonderment. This thought was very exciting to me, because I knew she had never seen one before. She had seen me naked when I was little of course, but not since I had grown.
The images of what those nasty boys were saying they would like to do to Gina would play over and over in my head, along with fantasies of her admiring my stiff cock.
"You know your sister has a really nice pussy." Bryan would often say.
"We never heard that before," I replied sarcastically one day. "And how you would know anyway?"
"I can tell," he insisted.
I never told Gina any of this of course and this bothered me, for some reason. One time I told her that Bryan and Larry thought she was fine and wanted to make out with her.
"They can kiss my feet," she said.
On the weekends I would stay in bed later than anyone in the house, spanking the monkey, as you might have guessed, and Gina would be the one to come up and wake me up for breakfast. This was a good way for the "accident" to happen, I thought.
One lucky Saturday, we needed to wake up by seven to go visit our aunt in the hospital. I just happened to wake up a few minutes early with a serious morning hard-on, the kind that won't go away until you piss.
As I was admiring it in the mirror, I heard my mom say "go wake up your brother."
I quickly adjusted the door, leaving it slightly ajar and got back into bed in my planned pose, with my loose jockey shorts pulled to the side revealing my balls and stiff cock. I pretended to be asleep. Sure enough I heard Gina come down the hall and this time I heard the door swing open. (I wish I could have had my eyes open to see her face). I then heard the door quietly close a bit later. By the amount of time that passed between the door opening and the door closing, I knew she got a really good look.
A minute later I heard the familiar knock on the door.
"OK, I'm up." I shouted.
I snuck down the hall to listen to what was going on in the kitchen I heard my Mom say, "He probably had an erection; men often wake up with an erection, that's how their bodies work."
Then I heard Gina say, "It was huge".
Then my Mom laughed and said, "We're all surprised at how big they are when we first see one that way. "I don't think there is anything wrong with your brother; he's just gotten to be a man now. You should be careful to knock from now on."
I was shocked that she told Mom what she saw (that was not part of my plan) , and was afraid that
I would get in trouble, but neither of them said anything to me about it.
I lustfully replayed the whole thing over and over in my mind, picturing my sister looking at my cock, and hearing her say "It was huge."
My eyes were always on Gina after her bath and before bed, as she would walk around in her nightgown, watching the jiggling of her boobs. I loved it when it would get stuck in the crack of her butt. Gina's hips were just wide enough so that you knew she was a girl, but her butt stuck out pretty far behind her, and she had a nice deep crack. Her nightgown would get stuck in it, when she bent over. When that happened, it was even more fun to watch her walk.
Those shifts I told you about had no sleeves, and large armholes. I could occasionally glimpse her tit, and sometimes a nipple, through these holes if she was positioned just right. Like everything on Gina, here titties were absolutely perfect. Her nipples weren't as big as the ones in the magazines, only about the size of a nickel, but were a nice dark pink, almost brown, and the center part stuck out really far, like the end of your little finger.
What I wanted most though, was to see her pussy. I knew it would be perfect like every other part of her, and I had never seen one before. I tried to peek under the bathroom door when she was taking a bath and no one else was around, trying to use a toy periscope that I had as a kid. It was still in the basement after all those years. It was too big, so I took the mirror out of it and would slide it under the door. The first thing I would see was her pretty little feet. As I moved the mirror further under the door, I would be able to see further and further up her legs, but only up to a point. I didn't see much, but was a tremendous turn on to see her clothes fall to the floor and then see her shapely bare legs stepping out of them. Depending on how far she was from the door, I could sometimes see most of her thighs. That may not sound like a big deal, but it was to me. It's funny how sometimes the things you don't see turn you on more than those that you do see.
She would always play Abby Road by the Beatles on her cassette player when she was in the bath. I could smell the fragrance of her bath oil under the door as I heard her splashing in the tub. Soon the fragrance of the oil was enough to drive me crazy. I could still smell it on her body when she came out of the bathroom. I'll never forget that smell. Even hearing that album gives me a hard-on to this day. One evening my luck was right and she went to the furthest part of the bathroom and put one leg up on the tub to clip her nails. You see, the further she got from me, the higher up I could see with the mirror.
As I adjusted the mirror more and more of her beautiful legs became visible. I remember trembling as a huge thick pelt of black hair came into view. I was struck by how big that patch of hair was. That's when I first realized why they called it a beaver. Beneath the hair, I saw a short slit, on her puffy vulva; I was expecting it to be much longer. Everything was pushed up inside there. It looked like it was pouting. "Why doesn't anyone fuck me?" it seemed to say. As my sister moved, I could see the supple flesh stretch and relax, causing the hair of her muff to move. I saw the slit changing length and even open and close a little. It was more wonderful than I ever thought. I could vividly imagine sinking my cock into one of those things.
When she finished, she turned, and I saw her from the front. Her triangle was huge, dark and thick, but with very straight edges, like it was drawn with a ruler. Not a single hair was outside the lines of that perfect triangle. That triangle, and that big beaver, was the only parts of Gina that seemed too big. Way too big, totally out of proportion. I was shocked at how much hair she had, because she had none on the rest of her body. In my mind, that thick crop of black hair meant Gina's pussy was ripe and ready for fucking, despite her innocent looks and behavior. From that day forward every time I looked at my sister, I thought of that ample black crop of hair between her legs. She needed a dick, I thought. She needed it bad.
I was now fantasizing about fucking my sexy sister. I crossed a line there. I let myself get turned on by her many times, but always imagined someone else when I was jerking off. Now at least in my mind, I was fucking my sister. Maybe I should never have crossed that line, but I did.
The fact that my parents were keeping her unspoiled made me want to spoil her all the more. Well, maybe not to spoil her completely, but only to have a little fun. You see, I had actually bought into that virginity business, for her, anyway. But, then again, this is exactly what made the fantasy of fucking her so hot, and difficult to resist. The forbidden nature of it raised my level of lust to a point that I had never experienced before.
Well, fantasies are harmless. That's what everyone says, anyway.
The next time we were at Larry's talking about girls, he mentioned seeing Gina and how fine she was. "Face it, she makes all the other girls look like men," he lamented.
"I told her that you all liked her, and wanted to make out with her," I said. "She said you guys could kiss her feet," I added.
Larry replied "I'll kiss her pretty little feet. I'll suck each one of her toes, just before I lick out her pussy."
Larry had a point about her feet. As I said, Gina's feet were really nice, with perfect toes that were always polished. The soles looked as soft as a baby's. They were very kissable, small and cute, like a little girl's.
"She is definitely beautiful, but I'll bet that pussy still smells like fish," "someone said.
"Just like your Mom's," someone else retorted. Everyone laughed.
"Nope, when a woman is that fine, even their shit doesn't stink," Larry argued. "I'd even push my tongue up her cute little puckered asshole. It would taste as sweet as candy. You sure are lucky having that sweet piece of ass living at your house, Paul."
"That's his sister, shithead" replied Bryan.
"I don't give a damn, if my sister looked like that I'd fuck her till she walked bow legged," replied Larry.
"Incest is best," laughed Bryan.
"Put your sister to the test!" someone added.
They asked if I ever saw her naked or in her underwear, and I told them about her being naked under her nightgowns.
Everyone started howling like wolves.
"She would be so easy to fuck!" said Larry incredulously.
Bryan added reflexively, "she has a really nice pussy."
On my way home I kept thinking about what Larry had said. I contemplated that slit beneath my sister's dark mound and what it would be like to lick it, after doing her feet first. I wondered if she would enjoy it. How wonderful it would be, to pleasure her like that, I thought.
After I crossed that line, and thought about actually having sex with my sister, it wasn't long before I was thinking of nothing else.
I hope that I didn't bore you with all of this, but I needed to explain how I got to be so horny for my sister. As I said before, I think I had bad influences, and I didn't want you to think it was my fault. Well, at least not all my fault, anyway. Besides, they were only harmless fantasies, right?
The problem with harmless fantasies, you might say, is that you soon start thinking about how to make them become reality. Well, in my case, I was totally clueless about how to make something happen. Sometimes, you need something to happen by chance. A lucky accident, if you will. The next thing that I will tell you about was just such an occurrence.
One weekend I was working in the yard, and I got pretty wet and muddy in the process.
When my Mom saw me she said "You're filthy, don't come through the house like that, take those muddy clothes off in the garage. I'll leave you an old towel in there. Put the towel on and go straight for the shower, and don't forget to wipe your feet."
I did like I was told, and was stark naked in the garage, and Gina suddenly opens the door and walks in, surprising me completely. She looked right down at my crotch. She starred at it lot longer than she needed to. It seemed like forever before she looked away and said "Oops, Sorry! "
"Don't you knock? " I said angrily as I put the towel on. It was cold in the garage, and my pecker was shriveled up and practically inside of my body. It looked like an acorn in a bird's nest. I was so humiliated.
"No, I don't normally knock before going into the garage," she said.
Feeling even more humiliated, I stormed past her and went into the bathroom and slammed the door. After my shower I got dressed and went to my room.
Gina came in and apologized. "I'm sorry; I didn't know you were in there. I didn't even realize you were naked at first", she said. "I've seen you in your underwear before, but I never remember seeing a pair like that," she chuckled.
I had to laugh. "It's OK," I said. "No charge for the free show."
A look of relief came over her face. Then something occurred to her.
"The show was better last time," she said teasingly.
"What do you mean?" I said.
"I think you know. Your bedroom door was never open like that before."
"I don't know what you're talking about," I said.
She stared suspiciously into my eyes, as if to see if I was lying. Being a good liar, I acted dumb.
"That Saturday when we went to visit Aunt Maria in the hospital, I came over to wake you up and the door was open, so I walked in. It was all swollen up and sticking out of your shorts. It was huge."
I was speechless.
Gina continued: "I never had any idea how big it was, I mean, how big they are. It was quite an education."
"Well it gets that way sometimes," I said. "You see..."
"I know!" she giggled. "You had a boner. By the way, it makes me think of a really funny joke, "she continued. "It's about the guy who circumcises boys. He makes a lot of money selling wallets made out of the foreskins. Do you know why?"
"Why," I said.
"They're the only wallets you can buy that turn into handbags when you rub them, she said."
"That's really funny." "That's a good one!" It wasn't that funny, but I tried to laugh anyway.
Gina kept talking. "Anyway does yours have a name?"
"What?" I said.
"Di says that all guys give a name to their "friend," you know, their "best buddy."
"Well, I didn't name mine," I said, wondering how Big Di got to be such an authority on dicks.
"Yours should be Alfred, like the butler." She laughed. "You rang madam?" She laughed again. Standing straight up with her arms at her sides, Gina tipped her head back put a snooty look on her face. "At your service madam," she shouted, now laughing hysterically. "Your balls were out too, so he looked like he was carrying two suitcases," she added after she got control of herself. "Shall I carry the bags to your room madam?"
Apparently, my sister was not as innocent as she used to be. We just had a conversation about my stiff cock. In fact, she had given it a name, and thought about how it and my balls looked.
I wondered if she had been thinking about my cock as much as I was thinking about her pussy.
She even figured out that I set her up to see my cock that morning. And she was OK with it! The sound of her voice saying "you had a boner", and "your balls were out" kept playing over and over in my head was now another thing fueling my obsession. I never heard her say anything like that before. I wanted her to see it again, and I wanted her to see it cum this time. I kept thinking about that big hairy beaver. It was ripe. It was ready.
Something clicked inside of me. I started being super nice to Gina. That was a real change.
I washed her car, did her chores, and bought her little things that she liked, like M&Ms, stuff like that. If I saw her carrying something from the car, I would run outside and take it from her.
I also started to look for more opportunities to talk about sex. When Di came up in conversation,
I asked Gina how Di came to be an authority on guy's "best buddies" having names.
Gina said "well, she's got a boyfriend now, sort of." "Di works the late shift at the seven-eleven, and some guy started coming and talking to her a lot. Then one day he asked her if she wanted to smoke a joint with him after she got off work. Anyway, she started spending time in this guy's car after work, drinking and smoking pot. His name is Quinton. By the way, this guy is black, about forty years old, married, and has a kid. We told her that this guy is bad news, but she won't listen.
Anyway, one day, after they had been smoking, he just said "I think it's about time that you met Deana." Di asked him who Deana was, and he just unzipped and pulled it out. He screwed her right there in the front seat. Now she's learning how to give him blowjobs."
"I wish someone would give me blowjobs," I said, hopefully.
"Why don't you talk to that little slut across the street," she said, "Do you see how she walks up and down the block all day swinging her hips? She's advertising. I'll bet she'll do anything you want."
"She looks like a man." I replied. "The trouble is, my beautiful sister makes all the other girls look like men!"
"That's cute." Gina said sarcastically.
"I'm serious, Gina, after seeing you all the time, other girls don't even look human."
"Well you're going to have to get over that!" laughed Gina.
My horniness was at a fever pitch. I was wanking more and more, sometimes four times a day, always thinking of my sister. I convinced myself that it was destroying my motivation to try anything with her. I decided that I wouldn't jerk off again. That would force me to get my nerve up.
I think that I told you about eavesdropping on Gina and her friends Dee and Di on the porch. It had been quite a while since I did that, but after finding out that the conversations on the porch must have gotten more interesting, I started listening again. Lately they had taken to drinking wine from paper cups. Strict as the rules were about dating, wine was no big deal at our house. We drank it at meals all the time. I didn't like the taste, but Gina would have a little sometimes. There was always a large jug of table wine in our fridge and nobody kept track of it. Now the girls seemed to be drinking more than a little of it tonight. They took turns going back in the house to fill up the cups. It seems they were celebrating Dee's birthday.
Dee told a joke. "What is six inches long, has two nuts, and makes you fat," she asked. After a pause, she shouted "An Almond Joy bar!"
The more wine, the louder they got, and the more they giggled. Not a big deal, nobody was driving. They were especially rowdy tonight because my parents were out. They joked about how Gina was nineteen and had never been kissed. Then they were talking about how Shirley Ellis was mad at Ben Brackens because the very first time he kissed her he "frenched" her.
Dee said "he's a hunk; he can put his tongue anywhere he wants as far as I'm concerned."
They all laughed, especially Gina, who then said "we better change the subject or we'll all have to go take cold showers!"
Cold showers, I wondered. How often did she need those? I thought of how when she heard jokes about cocks, she must be thinking about mine, since it was the only one she had ever seen. I thought of that big hairy cunt, and its tiny, frustrated lips. How could such a sweet innocent young girl have all that hair on her pussy? How nasty, how delightfully nasty it was.
I kept hearing Bryan's voice in my head "Your sister has a nice pussy," it said.
After the girls left, Gina took her bath. No one was home, so I thought I would be able to get a good look under the door with my mirror. But she didn't move far enough away from the door this time; I only saw her legs as she stepped out of her clothes, watching each article fall. Finally, I saw the bra hit the floor, then the panties. I heard her splashing around in the tub.
When she got out of the tub, she quickly put on the nightgown (and nothing else) and went straight for the door. I had to get away in a hurry. I leaped up, and pretended to be walking to my room. As usual, I was intoxicated by the smell of bath oil and the sound of the music. My hard-ons were getting more frequent since I quit jerking off, and my nuts were full and heavy. It had been three weeks now. We were home alone. This was shaping up to be the perfect night. I wanted Gina to experience a real eruption.
I removed my clothes and my jockeys, put on some stretchy gym shorts and a tee shirt, and went downstairs. I went down to the family room and Gina had already parked herself on the sofa, lying down on her back, with some romance novel.
This was my plan: I thought that I could get comfortable next to her on the sofa, and see if she would notice the tent in my shorts. I could start by getting her to put her legs across my lap, and then take my cock out and see if I could get her to play with it a little.
I walked up and asked her if I could sit there and watch the ballgame.
"I was here first, she said, you can lay on the floor with a pillow." She sounded drunk. She hadn't been stumbling around or anything, but she definitely sounded intoxicated.
"But I always sit there during the Indians games," I protested. "How about making a little room for me on the end there?"
"Kiss my feet! I'm ree-lax-ing," she said, slurring her speech, sounding more than a bit tipsy from the wine.
I immediately thought of what Larry had said about kissing her feet. I grabbed a pillow from the chair and sat down beside the sofa.
"OK, since you insist." I said as I took one of her cute little feet in my hand and kissed the top of it.
She giggled and said, "I'm not ticklish, and I'm not leaving. You can sit on the floor, and that's that."
I kissed it again and again and then moved to the other foot, kissing it several times, as well. Gina didn't react at all. I then stuck my tongue between the first two toes.
"What was that?" she giggled, when she felt my tongue.
"A French kiss," I replied.
She ignored me and kept looking at the book. I could smell the bath oil on her, and I was getting very excited. I began to put each toe in my mouth, slowly making love to each one separately, one at a time, circling them with my tongue as she wiggled and giggled. Gradually she quit giggling. She was still looking at the book, but I could tell by her expression that she was intrigued by the feeling. No one had ever done that to her before. No one had ever done anything to her before.
I then gently kissed the sole of her foot. It was as soft as it looked. I drew a circle on the bottom of her foot with my tongue. When I did that her hips squirmed.
"Paul." was all she said, protesting.
I remembered that Ken from the gas station said that it was easier to get forgiveness than permission, so I kept pushing my luck. I began moving up, starting at her ankle, working my way up her leg slowly, kissing her calve and teasing it with my tongue.
"That's not my feet," she observed.
I went back down to her foot, then to the other foot, then slowly made my way up the other leg, kissing and licking, until she pushed me away, using her opposite foot to shove my shoulder. This continued for a while. Each time I went too high, she stopped me; I went back to her feet and toes, which she obviously began to enjoy.
After a while, I would begin to work my way back up her leg. I made sure to go a little bit higher each time, before I let her stop me. I looked up at her and she now had the book resting on her chest, her head tipped back and her eyes were shut and squinting. The reading lamp was shining in her face. I reached over and turned the lamp off.
I went back to work. I was up to her knees now. I lifted one leg and flicked the back of her knee with my tongue. That must have tickled. She pulled her feet back, raising both knees, clamping her legs together. With her knees up, her shift fell away, revealing most of her thighs. I kissed and licked every inch of the silky exposed flesh. I realized that she no longer was pushing me away, so I got bolder.
My sister giggled as I tried pushing her knees apart with gentle pressure at first, and then with more force. She slapped my arm playfully. I kept prying. She slapped it again, this time really, really hard.
"What are you doing," she said. It didn't sound like a question.
I looked up and saw her blushing; her eyes were now open, but looking up at the ceiling. "I bet you taste really good," I said, as I pried even harder.
"Gross!" she exclaimed softly, as she finally let me pull her legs apart.
She instantly brought both of her hands between her legs to completely cover her crotch and pubic area. Her beautiful legs were now apart and completely exposed to me. I never saw so much beautiful skin in one place in my life. I was in a trance. If the house caught fire I wouldn't have noticed, and been burned alive. I started kissing and licking my way up the inside of her left thigh. It was even softer and silkier than outside part of her leg. When I got to the top, I started again at the bottom of the opposite knee and worked my way up. I glanced up at my sister's face, and her eyes were now closed, with a slight frown, like she was concentrating on something.
Her hands were still clasping her crotch as I ran my tongue up and down the crack between the outside hand and her thigh. She pulled in a deep breath as I kissed her hands, which were pressed together and covering her pussy. I ran my tongue up and down each of the cracks between her fingers. Gina was breathing in very short, shallow and rapid breaths now.
Growing even bolder, I took my hands from her legs and tried to slip them up her shift and cop a feel of her tits, but her arms were holding it tight against her belly. I then tried to go over the top, but she defensively re-positioned her arms so that they now ran straight down her covered chest, one arm over each breast. She wasn't going to let me anywhere near those tits.
I pressed my tongue forcefully between her fingers, sending the message that I wanted in, but she wouldn't budge, but she wasn't complaining, either.
"Gross." She said.
Although she was protesting, I noticed that she had gradually rotated herself, and swung her legs outward, giving me better access.
I took my hands and slowly slid them up the outsides of her silky thighs. When I tried pushing them up under her ass, she surprised me by raising her hips to let me get underneath. My hands went way underneath, so that most of my fingers were now high on her hips. I had one palm under each cheek. Like her soles, they were also as soft as a baby's. That apparently was the magic touch. She pulled her fingers up and spread her pussy folds open, exposing her little bump of flesh, and not much else. I knew about the clit, but I would never have found it on my own. I was surprised that there was no hair on it, or around it, at all. I flicked it with my tongue and teased it for a while, and then got down to a steady rhythm.
My tongue was getting pretty tired as I licked my sister's clit, but she kept getting more and more excited, breathing louder and squirming like crazy, giving me encouragement. I would alternate a circular motion with flicking motions. Occasionally I sucked it, pulling the flesh surrounding it into my mouth. I was now in familiar territory, because she was reacting like I did when I was nearing my climax when I jerked off. When the time seemed right, I tightened my double-handed grip on her butt and pushed the last two fingers of each hand into warmth of her ass crack. The tip of my baby finger touched her asshole, with enough force that it started to enter. It felt hot and moist.
At that instant Gina rose up and started pumping into my face. I kept licking. She would stop, relax, and then start bucking again. After the fourth time, I couldn't move my numb tongue anymore.
I pulled my hands out from under her ass and pulled my head away.
My sister closed her legs and turned away from me, pulling her nightgown down to cover herself. She was now laying on her side, with her knees pulled up. I saw a small wet spot on the back of her nightgown, where her juices dripped. She lay still with her eyes closed as if she was asleep. My heart slowed down to the point where I could now hear the ballgame. It was the bottom of the third inning.
In my extreme excitement, by cock had gone completely limp, but sprang fully to attention as I relaxed and thought about what had just happened.
I pulled off my shorts, and it stiffened further when I felt the cool breeze on my balls as I looked at Gina. I used my shorts to wipe the considerable pre-cum from my cock. It now felt rock hard and ready to go. I got back down on my knees and reached in through the armhole of her shift to grab her tit. She moved her elbow back, blocking me, and rolled on to her stomach, forcing my hand out completely.
Turning her head towards me, she opened her eyes and saw my completely exposed member. It seemed to take a moment for her to realize what it was. That's when started to turn her head away. But then something caught her attention and she did a double take, looking back at my dick, and narrowing her gaze. My excitement level rose again. Time froze as she curiously stared at my cock. "Alfred's drooling," she reported.
I looked down and saw a slow but steady stream of pre-cum oozing from the tip of my erection. My cock was an angry red, and swollen larger than I ever saw it before, moving up and down in time with my pounding heartbeat. It was about two feet from her face and pointed straight at her as she stared. I felt like I was in another world, like I was drugged. Gina sat up and put her feet on the floor.
"I'm leaving; you can have the sofa," she said pensively, and started to stand up.
"No." I said as I sprung up from my knees to block her.
Gina scooted over to the other end of the sofa, and I quickly stepped to the left to block her. She leaned back and raised her leg defensively. "I'll kick! She shouted semi-playfully as she looked down at my crotch. She fake kicked her leg as a warning. I defensively grabbed her pretty little foot, pulling it onto my package. I felt her heel briefly touch my balls, then the top of her foot pushing my cock back against my stomach.
In my condition, that was all that was necessary. I immediately started to cum. Gobs of jizz shot from my cock as I pressed my sister's soft sole against my cock and balls, grabbing her foot with both hands and rubbing it up and down.
I heard shout from somewhere, but then I realized that it was me. Stunned by my scream, Gina's let her foot go completely limp as I used it to pleasure myself.
The spurts of cum shot upward, dripping down on my shaft and onto the top of her foot, covering some of her bright red toe polish. I looked at Gina, who was watching intently. The expression on her face was an odd mixture of curiosity and surprise. I finished and loosened my grip on her foot, holding it gently in one hand. Cum was dripping between her toes.
Are you OK?" she said. "You sounded like you were going to die." I examined her expression. It was one of embarrassment, except there was a gleam in her eye as well. Gina pulled her foot away, stood up, and walked to the downstairs bathroom. I went upstairs, and Mom came home shortly after. I was totally ecstatic, and didn't sleep much that night, replaying the evening's events over and over, and of course, jerking off.
My chin was covered with my sister's juices, which were starting to dry. I rubbed some onto my hands, savoring the very slight, musky odor. The smell of her ass was on my right pinky finger. I remembered how when I touched her asshole, it was like pushing a button, setting her off. She liked that, I thought. That information might be useful later.
The next day at breakfast, Gina didn't say a single word to me, or even look at me. She clearly was royally pissed. At the time, I really didn't understand how she felt or why she felt that way. I was terrified that she told Mom something, and Dad would find out.
My relationship with my sister was quite strained for several weeks or so, and I felt terrible about it. It was difficult to enjoy the sexy memory of what had happened because I was afraid that I had ruined my life by destroying my relationship with her.
We eventually did speak about what had happened that night. I know now that Gina felt very ashamed and guilty. I, being clueless, made the huge mistake of trying to convince her that what happened was no big deal, which made her very angry at me.
It seemed to me that we just had a little fun. Actually, more fun than I ever had in my short life. More fun than I thought it was possible to have. We didn't actually have sex, and my sister was still a virgin. That is where I was coming from, when I was telling Gina that it was harmless, and no big deal.
Well, that wasn't the kind of thing that my sister wanted to hear, to say the least. I saw a side of Gina that I had never seen before. She was totally enraged, started screaming and said some incredibly hurtful things. I cut them out of this story because they were three paragraphs of buzz-kill. Suffice it to say she totally devastated me. I broke down and started crying like a baby, and said that I was worthless, and that I was going to kill myself, which was exactly how I felt.
Well, that was the perfect tonic, because Gina's mood changed immediately, she told me how much she loved me, and that I meant the world to her, and not to ever say anything that again because she couldn't bear the thought of losing me. I begged her to forgive me and promised that nothing like that would ever happen again. She gave be a big tight hug.
Incidentally, even though I didn't want it to, that hug made my cock rock hard. It made me think of something I heard:. "A stiff prick has no conscience." It apparently has no regrets either, I thought.
I was so relieved to have patched things up with Gina that I turned into the nicest, most respectful guy that I could imagine. I became genuinely interested in everything my sister did and everything that was going on in her life. We now spoke much more frequently about everything and anything than ever before. Yes, dating and sex too. It turns out Gina wanted to remain a virgin, but still thought that she should be allowed to date. She was old enough. She didn't want to be treated like a child. She thought that a guy should respect her feelings and abstain. She hated it when Mom would say "Who would buy the cow if they could get the milk for free?" But she didn't disagree with the idea.
As far as what happened between us, Gina explained that sometimes things just happen between men and women, sometimes because of raging hormones, or curiosity. She added that a certain amount of experimenting by young people is to be expected. If something like that happens, though, you have to make sure that it never happens again.
By the way, I also discussed that virgin bride stuff with some guys my age at an Italian wedding we went to. One cousin said, yeah, that's old world, old school shit, from the old country. He said men didn't want to be compared, with other men, they were afraid that some other guy would have had a bigger cock then they did. Another guy said there was no birth control, and no one wanted to feed and clothe another man's bastard, and maybe the wife would go back to the old boyfriend, for an affair, or something like that. So that's why no one wanted a deflowered bride.
This one guy, Frank, said that a lot of these virgin brides had been fucked in the ass, though. There was no dating without chaperones, but when they were out in the fields or milking the goats, or any other time they got a chance, guys would bend them over and butt-fuck them. No decent man would ruin her, by going into the pussy. After all, in a small village, she was probably a cousin, or the family of a friend, or neighbor. It was an honor system thing. By the time an unmarried girl was nineteen or twenty, and still unmarried, she might still a virgin, but every cock in the village had probably been up her ass by then.
I remember thinking, "cousin, huh, what about a sister?" This ass fucking thing seemed like an interesting idea.
Anyway, I digress. Sorry about that. But it got me thinking about what happened when I put my finger there. Gina might like that, I figured. But then again, I thought that nothing would happen between us ever again, and maybe that was for the best. After all, I dodged a bullet.
Pretty soon it was Thanksgiving, and Mom, as usual, cooked for a lot of people. The dining room table was full, so Gina and I sat across from each other at a small table nearby. After the meal, we were talking and waiting for the pumpkin pie, and Gina was leaning back in her chair. She was wearing black slacks, and a tight red sweater, no shoes, and a pair of red socks. The only good thing about the cold weather in Cleveland was seeing my sister in those tight sweaters.
She said "my feet are cold," and put them up on my chair, between my legs, working them in so as to warm them.
Thinking that this was totally innocent on her part, I pretended not to notice. Gina was mostly looking directly into my eyes, only occasionally looking elsewhere. I tried to act as if I didn't notice as she wiggled her feet in closer, as if to get them warm and comfortable. She finally broke the silence. "How's Alfred?" she asked, in a very loud voice, as she ventured to stroke my crotch with the tip of her foot. I must have been blushing as I looked around, but everyone was occupied in conversation and didn't seem to notice anything. In a second I realized that no one would know what she was talking about anyway.
I managed an awkward smile. Gina was now taking obvious delight in my discomfort.
I was wearing a pair of dress slacks made of very thin polyester fabric. Gina explored the area around my crotch with the bottom of her foot, moving from place to place, as if to see where everything was. Then she pointed her toes and pushed them in between my cock and my balls, flicking the tip her foot upwards a few times, until my cock was upright and partially erect. Then she pushed my dick back against my pubic bone, pressing and releasing, and using a circular motion, until I was fully hard, all the while flashing a mischievous smile, mostly with her eyes.
"You rang, madam." I said. "Where shall I put the bags?" That brought out a toothy grin.
The fun came to a sudden end, when my sister had to get up and help Mom serve the pie and ice cream.
Afterwards, my sister looked at me and said "Are you OK?
"Couldn't be better," I replied. "Well maybe a little better," I said.
"Did you mess yourself?"
"Well, I was about to, I replied."
She looked at me, giggled, and said "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have done that."
"I'm not complaining." I said.
"Oh really!" replied Gina sarcastically. "I'm so surprised." She glared at me angrily.
Oops, got myself into trouble again. By her tone, I got the definite feeling that I was pushing things too far. Except that she was the one pushing things. That's women for you. How boring life would be if we were ever to figure them out.
On Friday after Thanksgiving, Mom managed to convince Dad to go shopping with her. I woke up late and found my sister on the sofa reading. I sat down next to her.
"You finally woke up, huh."
"I was hoping you would come and wake me," I said, smiling.
"Was Alfred awake?" asked Gina, not expecting an answer.
"He wakes up before dawn, most mornings." I said, "An early riser. I think he was hoping to see you."
"I shouldn't be seeing him, I'm a virgin," she replied.
"Then you better watch where your feet go under the table," I said.
"It was only my foot, it was through your pants, and I had a sock on, so it doesn't count. By the way, I heard a joke you might like," she added. "What is the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping tom?"
"What?" I asked.
"Well, the pick-pocket snatches watches..." Gina said, leaving me to figure out the rest.
"That's funny," I replied. It makes me think of one. "What's the difference between a nun and a lady taking a bath?"
"What?"
"Well, the nun has hope in her soul...," I replied.
Gina smirked. "What made you think of that?" she said.
"Well it was the same type of joke that you told, and that made me remember it," I said.
"I don't think so," Gina replied. "I think that my peeping tom joke made you think of spying on me when I take a bath. That's why you thought of the bath joke when you heard it. Did you think that I didn't know what you were doing? You must really think that I'm stupid. Did you think I couldn't see the mirror under the door? Did you watch my snatch? Did you see any soap in my hole? Or maybe you tasted soap when you ate my pussy. Did you taste soap?"
I didn't know what to say. I didn't know where this was coming from. She had a calm, inquisitive tone, not angry, but she was asking some very pointed questions. I was confused to say the least.
"Maybe a little bath oil, "I said. "It makes you smell so nice."
"Bath oil, so that's what pussy lickers taste. So when you were peeking at me, were you thinking about what it would be like to lick me? When Dad was angry, I heard him say that someone was a pussy licker. He didn't say it in a nice way. He said it was because the guy had a mustache, and that made him a pussy licker, and he didn't say it like it was a good thing, Paul. And you're worse; you lick your sister's pussy. You're a sister pussy licker. You know, you're not even supposed to like to kiss your sister, but you went down on your sister's pussy. You sucked her toes, too."
"I told you I was sorry, Gina, I won't do it again, I couldn't help it. You're just so beautiful," I said.
"You're sweet, but it was my fault. I let you do it. I let you do it because it felt good. You made me cum like five times. You made me feel wonderful. It felt so amazing, and then I gave you a raft of shit. I should feel sorry too, Paul. I shouldn't have let it happen, but sometimes things like that do happen, and you should never let them happen again. But then again, when you let someone make you feel like that, you should do the same for them, not be mean to them."
She swung her legs over my lap, and put her arms around my neck and nuzzled my cheek, kissing me gently. She said that she would be back and left the room. Gina was wearing a pair of faded blue jeans and a navy blue turtleneck with long sleeves, and a pair of thick, fuzzy white socks. Her hair was in a pony tail. I watched her wiggle as she went. The jeans rode low on her hips, accentuating her long, slender waist. Her rear pockets jiggled as her hips swung from side to side. Oh, how I loved to watch her walking, even walking away. When she walked back, the x-ray vision of my mind looked through her jeans and saw that oversized black triangle.
She came back with a blanket and a wet wash rag. "I've been reading a lot, and I want to try something." she said. "I don't think you'll complain, but you have to remember that this is a one-time thing. Don't ever expect me to do it again."
Gina took me by the hand and sat me at the end of the sofa and put the blanket across my knees. "If Mom and Dad come back, cover yourself with this, and I'll go distract them," she said.
I helped her as she took down my pants and underwear, exposing my semi-hard penis to the air. She sat down next to me and picked up the wash rag. I tried to relax as I felt my cock stiffen as my sister gently caressed it with the warm wet cloth. I felt a cool draft hit my hard dick when Gina removed the wash rag. I felt it throb as Gina was examining it.
I'll never forget the sight of my sister lowering her head to give me my very first blowjob, or the feeling of her hot, wet mouth, and soft lips. With each stroke, my cock got longer and thicker, and went a little further into her mouth. I heard a gagging sound as Gina stopped and reached into her mouth to remove something.
"Hair all over the place," she said. She looked down at my cock for a moment. "It has a ring around it," she observed. "Alfred looks like a geek, his belt up around his chest."
"He is such a dick," I retorted.
She got up off the sofa and kneeled down at my feet and started again. I swung my legs up onto the sofa so that I was lying down on my back instead of sitting. I kept saying "That feels so good, Gina, so good." By now Gina was hitting her stride. At the end of each stroke of her mouth, my cock almost completely disappeared.
While my sister was blowing me, I reached down and tried to squeeze her left breast through her clothes. She immediately grabbed me by the wrist and pulled my hand away. She took her mouth off of me long enough to utter a single syllable.
"No," she commanded.
Her tits were still off-limits.
Wonderful as the sight of my cock in my sister's mouth was, my eyes wandered over her young body. Her jeans had ridden downward, revealing the top part of a pair of pink panties. Above that, part of her ass crack was clearly visible. I reached down and placed my finger tips under the panties. I pushed my finger down her butt crack, until I felt the heat and moistness of her asshole, as I waited for her to push my hand away. She did, but it took a lot longer than I expected, and that got me thinking. I remembered again the last time my fingers went there, and that was the moment when she began the throws of her orgasm. Yup, she likes that, I thought, at least a little, maybe more.
I started raising my hips off the sofa, and my sister took it as a cue to go faster. She put a hand on the front of my thigh and caressed it gently, and I started to cum. She then slid that hand over and cupped my balls, not missing a stroke. Textbook technique. I came hard. I lowered my hips back down onto the sofa. Gina gagged, and some semen escaped from her mouth and dripped down onto the shaft of my cock. As she pulled her head away, she raised her hand toward her closed mouth, which was obviously full. Her eyes were watering. She cupped her hand to her mouth, preparing to spit. Instead, she swallowed, and wiped her lips with the back of her hand.
After that, she opened her mouth, took a breath, and paused for a moment before speaking, as if she was going to say something very important. "Salty," she announced. "Poor Alfred threw up, but I didn't." she added.
Gina looked toward the front door, took the wash rag, cleaned my cock, and helped me to pull up my underwear and pants.
"Was that good?" she asked.
I didn't even know how to respond to that. All I could manage to say was "Very, very good."
Gina laughed and repeated my words, mocking me. "Very, very good," she giggled.
"I should have said fucking incredible," I corrected. "I can't believe that was the first time that you did that." It did make a lot of sense, though. You see, everything my sister ever did, she did perfectly. It didn't matter what it was, sports, playing the piano, taking exams, drawing pictures, always perfect. So it wasn't surprising that she gave a perfect blowjob.
"Well you know that Dad would never let me get close enough to a boy to even think about it, Paul. So that actually was my first time. Unless you want to count all of those bananas I practiced on."
"It was my first time too, but I can't imagine anyone doing it any better," I said.
"Doing what any better?" asked Gina, now suddenly sounding angry.
I remember thinking "uh-oh, I've pissed her off again."
Gina continued. "You mean sucking your cock? Your sister is really good at sucking your cock, is she? Well maybe that's because she's a cocksucker, and that's what cocksuckers do. What's it like having a cocksucker for a sister?"
"Pretty nice," I said.
Gina formed a wry smile. "Well, that part won't matter, because it's never happening again, and it doesn't matter what you think anyway, because you're a pussy licker."
Strange as this conversation was, I decided to play along. "What's it like having a pussy licker for a brother," I asked.
"Not a good thing," she said. "I don't believe so... No, not good at all... But don't worry, I won't tell anyone that you're a pussy licker... As long as you don't tell anyone that I'm a cocksucker."
"It's a deal," I said.
"Anyway we're even now," added Gina, as she left the room.
"Even Steven," I replied.
"We're even now." "It's never happening again." I kept hearing those words replay in my mind, and I was so frustrated. Rough shit that was, really rough, and there was no doubt that she meant it.
Sure enough, she would rebuff me anytime I would even think about getting anything going with her. It was as if she could read my mind. She would say something like, "We're not having this conversation," or "Nice try," or "Go stick it in the mud, buddy."
So there it was. I got to lick out my beautiful sister's sweet pussy until she came, and got an amazing blow job from her, and yet, I wasn't satisfied. Funny thing, the thing that bothered me the most was that she wouldn't let me touch those tits. Not even through her shirt. Not even one time.
One good thing kept happening, though. My sister had become a lot less shy about walking around in her underwear. Mom scolded her couple of times for walking around like that in front of me, so she stopped doing it when Mom was around.
One time Gina had her slacks in the dryer so she was wearing a blouse and sweater on top, but nothing else but a pair of blue panties and a pair of socks. She was leaning way forward in her chair with her butt pushed way back, so she had quite a bit of ass cleavage showing. I slid my finger down her groove, just for a second, then quickly pulled it out and said, "Plumbers crack!" She grinned, maybe because it was funny, maybe because it tickled her. I don't know.
Having gotten away with that, the next time I had a chance, I did it again. One night, she walked into my room in a short nightgown and sat on the edge of my bed where I was sitting with my legs folded. She had on a pair of plain white silky panties, the shiny kind. This time I planned to leave my finger down there until she pushed it away, which she did, but she didn't otherwise react, except to pull her panties up in the back. Taking her mild reaction as an invitation, I slid her panties back down even further, with my left index finger, and then I pushed it deep between her cheeks. My sister started reaching back to stop me, but I blocked her with my right hand, and pushed myfinger tip further, poking her in the butt hole. Just as I felt her flesh giving way, she jumped off the bed, spun around and smacked me a good one. At first it felt like I had been punched in the jaw. I saw stars. Then the stinging started. I ended up with four raised welts on my left cheek corresponding to each of her four perfectly manicured fingers I didn't know how I was going to explain those marks to my folks, especially my dad. It really hurt, too.
The next day at breakfast my Mom noticed the marks and asked what happened. Gina spoke up and said "he told me that I had a nice butt, so I smacked him."
"I was joking. She had it right in my face," I protested.
"You shouldn't talk to your sister like that," Mom said.
Later Mom told Dad: "Look Honey, Gina slapped your son in the face and left welts."
"Good for her," he replied without asking any questions.
Later on that evening I was walking towards the bathroom as Gina was coming out in her bra and panties. She stopped to examine my face, and asked me to wait as she went into the bathroom and got some ointment. As she rubbed it on my cheek, she said, "Sorry I hit you so hard."
"I had it coming for getting fresh with you," I replied.
"Why did you do that," she said.
All I could think to say was, "I don't know."
Gina just stared at me for a long time, with a strange look. I had no idea what to make of it.
"You don't know? Well, I think you know." She said, "And I do too," She added.
"Well, I've got to get ready for bed," I said, awkwardly.
"Oh yes, of course. Well, say hello to Alfred for me," Gina replied. "I hope you don't beat him up too badly tonight."
"What are you talking about," I said defensively.
"Do you think I don't know what's going on in there? You must think I'm deaf," she said as she walked away. Then she started slapping two fingers into the palm of her hand, making a fapping sound. I felt embarrassed and insulted. Instinctively, I wanted to chase after her, just like when we were little kids, but I just stood there, as she walked towards her room.
"Oh, Paul?," she added, grinning, as she turned her head to make sure I was looking. "Do you like my plumbers crack? She then pulled her panties halfway down in the back.
With that, I vaulted down the hall after her. My sister shrieked loudly as she ran into her room and slammed the door behind her, locking it. I pounded once, loudly, on the door.
"Are you looking for another smack?" Gina shouted, from inside.
All of a sudden from downstairs I heard my mother shout, "You kids settle down up there, you know what your father thinks about horseplay!"
Oh shit, I thought. I forgot. Mom was home tonight.
But as it so happened, tomorrow she was away at ladies card night, and my Dad who was working afternoon shift, wouldn't be home until well past midnight. We ordered pizza for dinner, and I was watching TV.
I heard Gina finishing her bath, having taken it early. The sound of the bath water gave me a hard on, just knowing she was naked in there. She came down wearing one of her shift-style nightgowns and carrying a blanket and a pillow. She put the blanket down and lay down in front of me, as I was watching TV. As usual I admired the bouncing boob action as she moved around. She watched the television for awhile, and was itching her back, even asking me to help scratch where she couldn't reach. Soon she went upstairs and came down with a plastic bottle of lotion and a pair of purple panties in her hand.
She turned around, so that her back was facing me, bent over and put one foot into the panties followed by the other, and pulled them up under her nightgown. Her hands pulled the nightshirt up as she went. She turned around and faced me. I watched her as she pulled them up tightly against herself in the front.. They were not the skimpy sexy kind of panties, but the plain, kind that cover everything pretty good. I could see that she was pulling the panties up in the back and then she pulled her shift back down.
"Do you mind putting some lotion on my back?" she asked.
"Sure," I replied.
Before she lay down, she lifted up her nightgown in the rear, revealing her sexy legs, and her panty clad buttocks. After she lay down on the floor sideways, she pulled her shift up higher, exposing her back. She wasn't wearing a bra, and I could see the faded tan lines from last summer on her bare back. She pulled the front of the shift down in the front, as far as it would go.
I put some lotion on my hand and put it on her back.
"That's cold!" she shouted. "Warm it up in your hand, first," she instructed.
I rubbed the lotion into her back, from top to bottom. I started doing her side, starting at her waist and working upward, and reached around toward her front side hoping to touch some side boob, by accident. She pushed my hand away and pulled the blanket towards her, covering her front. Her shift was up around her shoulders, so her back, panties, and legs were exposed. Both of her arms were under the blanket now.
"Is that ok?" I asked.
"Yes," It felt so nice. I want you to do it some more." she said.
So I did her whole back one more time, but this time she was making moaning sounds. Not totally sexual, but sexy enough. I had seen Gina's back al lot of times before, but I was gaining a new appreciation for its beauty. Besides, there was no swimsuit top or bra in the way. I loved rubbing my hand over her silky smooth skin. Yes, I was hard. I was so very hard. Sexy as her back was, I couldn't help but thinking about those tits, hanging free, totally naked, but beyond my view, and only inches from my horny hands.
"Sure you don't want any in the front?" I asked.
"No," she replied, as she pulled the blanket around to the back, so that it now covered her legs, thighs and butt. Then she pulled her nightshirt down in back, so that now everything was covered except the small of her back.
I remember thinking, "oh well, that was fun while it lasted," but just then, I noticed that she was moving around under the blanket. The blanket moved down off of her butt, and then I saw her tug her panties down in back, revealing about three inches of her ass crack. Gina turned her head part way around and bent her neck backwards, looking at me upside down for a moment, with that same funny look that I saw in the hallway the day before.
That's when I heard it, the sexiest single syllable I ever heard:
"Oops," she said, coyly.
She then reached back and picked up the bottle of lotion from where I had left it, and handed it to me. I applied a lot of it my right index finger, and very cautiously slipped it a short way down her crack, not forgetting the painful lesson I learned before. Suddenly, I heard her shout, and my hand flew out of there.
"That's cold!"
Remembering to warm the lotion in my palm first, I slowly worked my further down the groove until I found my sister's asshole. I applied some lotion there, it into the area with a circular motion with my finger tip, penetrating her slightly. Then I started to gradually work it inside, going a little deeper each time. Eventually I had gobs of lotion all over my finger, as well as inside and outside of Gina's tight little orifice. Tight as it was my finger was now going in and out with ease. From the movement of her body and the blanket, I could see that Gina was busily rubbing herself. She was breathing hard and fast, shamelessly masturbating, while I finger fucked her asshole. When she stopped, she just laid there watching the TV like nothing happened.
I slowly undid my trousers and pulled out my stiff cock. I scooted forward and placed it lightly between her cheeks. I started using my hand to brush my cock up and down the upper part of her crack, and then using it to push her panties down further.
"What do you think you're doing?" Gina asked.
"Running the tip of my cock up and down the crack of your ass," I replied. "Larry said he wanted to do this with you," I added.
"Larry?" she asked, incredulously. "He told you that? You let your friends talk about your sister like that?"
"Well, it's just..., well..., it seemed like such good idea, and I wanted to do it too." I replied.
"You guys are really something else." She said. "You better watch where you're going with that thing." She warned.
My sister seemed to be in an accepting mood now, so I decided to try to reach up under the blanket, and her shirt, and cop a feel of some bare tit. When I started to do that, she moved her arm to protect herself and then rotated her chest towards the floor, and pushed my arm away. After her front was flat against the floor, she kept turning the same direction, and flipped over completely, facing me.
She looked down and stared at my throbbing cock, carefully going over it from top to bottom with her eyes, as if she had never seen it before.
When she finally spoke it was only to say "That felt horrible, I'm going to bed." With that she got up onto her feet. As she stood up and started to move away, her butt end was showing, sticking back towards me. Her panties were still halfway down her ass, so I reached up and grabbed hold of them, yanking them down to her knees. Since she was moving forward quickly, she stumbled. She caught herself with one hand against the floor. I kept pulling her underpants, and she went down onto her knees, using one hand to pull her shirt down to cover herself. Since I wasn't letting go of her panties, she started to step out of them. I pulled them completely off and threw them aside.
Quickly, Gina got up and bounded towards the stairs. I lunged forward, just managing to grasp her left ankle, which was in the air, with my right hand. I wasn't in control of my actions; it was like an outside force was controlling me. I pulled back as hard as I could, making her lose her balance and stumble back onto the floor.
"Paul!" She shrieked playfully.
I didn't let go. She let herself go limp, flat on her stomach. I pulled her back by her ankle, dragging her across the floor towards me, also moving myself back into a sitting position. My sister's head was turned to the side. A devilish grin was on her face.
"Paul," she protested again.
"I'm not finished with you yet," I shouted, forcefully. It was as if the voice was not my own, coming from an unknown place.
The little struggle raised my excitement level even further. As I dragged her backwards by one foot, her shift rode up completely revealing her legs and thighs, just barely covering the bottom of her ass. She just lay there, flat; face down, and didn't move. I gently held her ankle with my right hand, while I admired her pretty legs and the soft snow-white soles of her feet. Her perfect little feet looked like they had never been walked on. I remembered having them in my mouth. She didn't seem to be going anywhere, so I let go of her ankle completely.
Slowly, Gina started to stand up, getting up on her knees, causing her butt to move back towards me, as I was sitting on the floor behind her. This made her nightgown ride up even higher, revealing her big black muff from the rear, just below her hemline, as she stood on all-fours. Sticking out from the dense crop of hair were two red lips that were swollen thick and wet. The dense hair around them was matted with her juices. A small area between the lips was shining bright pink, against her jet black bush, glistening with wetness.
I reached out with my left hand, and put my finger into that pink wetness; it easily slipped passed the second knuckle. It felt better than I ever imagined. I pushed further, and her hot, puffy slickness engulfed my entire finger. As I pulled it out, suction seemed to be drawing my finger back in. I shoved my finger in and out a few more times, going deeper each time.
That outside force was still controlling me. Seriously, it was exactly like that. I got up on my knees, reached out with both hands, pushing her nightgown forward, and grabbed her firmly around her narrow waist, all ten fingers pressing tightly into her soft flesh. Her beautiful womanly behind was now fully exposed and thrust back, cheeks apart. Her full black beaver and its open lips were on display, framed nicely by her rotund, gorgeous ass. I noticed that I was squeezing her way too hard, and wanted to relax my grip, but I just couldn't. I wasn't in control.
Pulling her back and thrusting my hips forward, the head of my cock pushed against the opening in Gina's furry mound. I pushed forward, but it wouldn't go in. I pushed harder, while pulling her back, still unable to restrain myself. I felt a pain, as if a rubber band was being tightened around the tip my cock, but in my state, I was unaffected by pain. My hips started pumping all by themselves: that same primal, animal motion which has perpetuated the human race through the ages.
I was in a fog. I heard Gina shout "OWWWW," but it sounded like it came from a faraway place, as the sound of my own heartbeat filled my ears. I felt a snap, like a string breaking, as something gave way and my cock slid in. It felt absolutely wonderful, and I started pumping even more aggressively. Something was digging into the side of my shaft as it went in and out, stopping it from going in all the way. After a few more hard thrusts, I felt something else give, as she opened up completely, and I sank in to the hilt.
My sister had a tight, wet fuck hole. Her flesh gripped me, but she was so slippery inside, that it went in and out effortlessly.
The pleasure was so intense that I almost passed out. My orgasm began quickly, but it seemed like it went on forever, releasing shot after shot of hot sticky goop deep into my sister's virgin pussy, as I furiously pumped away. I was in another world; watching my engorged cock slide between her cheeks, and in and out of her dark hairy mound. My hands were still clenched in a death grip around her waist. All the while I was managing to ogle her bare pallid ass, its flesh giggling as I slammed it with my hips.
When I stopped cumming, I slid my hands down under her shift, and grabbed her helplessly hanging tits. As I did, her nightgown slid further forward and gathered around her shoulders and neck.. The feel of her firm, nubile, young breasts inspired a couple of final spasms from my loins.
When my nuts were completely empty, it seemed like the lights slowly came back on. I now became aware of my surroundings, as I was shamelessly molesting my sister's previously untouched breasts, alternately squeezing and weighing each of them, over and over again. I never realized how large they were before. I marveled at the feel of her nipples, which were swollen and extended, they felt like the rubber tops of baby bottles. I took each of them between a thumb and forefinger and pinched them hard. That wasn't the outside force. That was me.
Gina shrieked.
That scream seemed to further awaken me from my stupor. I let go of her nipples, slid my hands back to her hips and withdrew my half limp cock from her now gaping hole. A trickle of blood dripped from her opening. A few drops of white cum were clinging to the black pubic hair.
I caressed the silky sides of her thighs for a moment before letting my hands drop to my side, releasing her completely. I sat and stared at Gina's beautiful body, fully naked before me, except for her upper shoulders and neck where her nightgown had gathered. Again, I admired the lines of her slender girlish back.
"I guess you finally nailed me," Gina calmly proclaimed as she suddenly got up. "Congratulations. It really hurt, too!" she added as she walked, out of the room and up the stairs, pulling her gown down as she went.
"It will be better next time," I said.
"There won't be a next time, and if you ever tell anyone this happened, or even mention it to me, I'll cut your balls off in your sleep. So you better get it straight in your mind that this didn't happen, understand?" She said this in a very matter-of -fact way, not the least bit angry or upset.
I looked down and saw her panties and the bottle of lotion still lying on the floor.
EPILOGUE
Well, that finishes the good part of the story. Most of you will probably want to stop reading now, there is no more sex.
Gina ended up transferring to Ohio State in Columbus, moving into the dorms there. My Mom had to threaten my Dad with divorce to get him to help pay for it.
As soon as she got to the university Gina met Scott, a good looking pre-medical student, who she ended up marrying right away. A girl like Gina doesn't last long before some "prince charming" scoops her up (lucky bastard). They moved into the married student's housing. Yeah, I was in her wedding. Dee and Di were maids of honor.
Gina and Scott, now a pediatrician, live in a really nice house and have four kids, about a hundred miles from where I live now. No, none of the kids are mine (Too many months). I dodged a bullet there.
I think Gina's pretty happy, they now have a beautiful home, and lot of nice stuff, and she's crazy about those kids. It's just that Gina was such a bright and talented person, I always thought that she would have a career of her own. That's what Mom always says anyway, and I think she's right.
Bryan and I joined the Coast Guard, and in case you're wondering, the answer is no, I never told him how right he was about my sister having a really nice pussy. I never really knew that myself until I sampled a couple of others. They were a real disappointment. These days I work as a diesel engine mechanic, and have never married. I consider myself a pretty happy person. I've had a few girlfriends, but after Gina, sex has always been a bit of a letdown. The truth is: She ended up spoiling me, rather than the other way around, let me tell you.
I don't know what happened to Larry and the rest.
Dad passed away a while ago from a heart attack. He was always stressing about something, and he smoked like a chimney, but Mom is doing great.
I spend a lot of my time surfing porn, always trying to find models that look like Gina; her pussy, her feet, her tits, her legs, and so on, to try to help me re-live the most intense experience of my life. My favorite memory of her pussy is when I first saw it, with everything pushed up inside, with only a short slit showing, puffy, with lots of hair on it. Gina's pussy was puffy on the inside too. I also look for that oversized triangle. That will never go out of style for me. I wonder if my sister shaves it now, like everyone else. Well, I'm not going to think about that.
I occasionally see Gina and her family on holidays and such. Not too long ago I got a Valentine's Day card in the mail. The front of the card has a picture of a woman day-dreaming and says: "I'll never forget you because..." When you open the card, it says on the inside: "A girl never forgets her first fuck." It was signed: "Guess who?" There was no return address on the envelope, but Gina's perfect handwriting is unmistakable. I'll keep that card forever, it really means a lot to me.