I was greeted by early afternoon stares from an audience whose midday coffee hadn't quite kicked in yet. I was used to it, though. Most employees won't come to an Anti-Money Laundering seminar unless forced by their employer. At least we provided refreshments!
As the organizer was introducing me, I took this time to take a good look around the room. My eyes soon settled on her. She was arresting.
Her green eyes were hidden behind black-framed glasses. Her skin had a beautiful glow to it. Judging from her kinky curls, I guessed she might be mixed race.
"Without further ado, I present Mr. Walker."
The light applause to my introduction snapped me out of my transfixion.
As I rose and strolled to the podium, I tried to clear my head. Focus on the presentation, I told myself.
A few slides in, I still had the audience's attention and was becoming more relaxed with each moment. Then she fucked it all up.
My breath tightened a bit. I had to blink a few times. I was not sure I was seeing what I was seeing. Yet, when my eyes fluttered open again, she was still there. Her green eyes latched onto mine. Her legs were spread under the table. She was giving me a lovely glimpse of her blue panties before closing her legs again.
She flashed me a naughty smile. Silently saying, "I know you want me." Truer words were never said. I stumbled over my sentence and had to look away to regain my thoughts.
The next 45 minutes went by swimmingly, and then she damn near gave me a heart attack.
She had hiked her skirt up and slid those blue panties to the side. I took in her beautiful light brown pussy. Her lips were so inviting. As I broke away, I caught that sly smile of hers. She knew exactly what she was doing to me.
Somehow, I managed to get through the rest of the presentation without a raging hardon.
She approached me as I was packing my bag.
"I have wine and a king-size bed," were her first words to me. Half an hour later, we were back at her place.
As soon as her door closed, she wrapped her arms around my neck. My hands grabbed onto her waist, and I pulled her in for a deep kiss. Her soft lips were all I wanted at that moment. She broke our embrace and led us to her bedroom. I guess we weren't having that wine!
She wasted no time removing her work clothes, showing me those blue panties, I only glimpsed earlier. I followed her lead, and within seconds, we were both naked and in her bed.
She pulled me on top and opened those beautifully toned legs for me.
As I braced myself on either side of her, I began to tease her a bit.
"How much do you want it?" I asked. The tip of my cock at the entrance of her wet cunt. I went in just a couple of centimeters, giving her a taste, but leaving her wanting more. Let her know who was in control. Her sexy gasp gave me the answer I wanted.
Yet we both knew who was in charge. She wrapped her legs around my back and forced me into her.
I barely caught my breath as I sunk into her. I felt her arms around my neck as she pulled me closer. Her soft kisses pecked my right cheek, before landing on my mouth. I tasted a hint of peppermint on her tongue as we connected.
It was so bliss being deep inside her soaking pussy, with our kisses getting more and more aggressive. The thrusts soon got more forceful as she yelled at me to go deeper. To treat her like a whore.
I was happy to treat her like the whore she was.
"Get on all fours," I commanded. She quickly obliged, and I saw those gorgeous brown pussy lips from behind. I didn't think it was possible, but my cock got even harder.
I pulled her towards me - my hands firmly around her waist. With one rough thrust, I entered her fully. Her primal sexy moan echoed through the sunlit bedroom. I kept still so her tight cunt could get used to my presence.
It didn't take her long. I felt her pussy muscles tighten around my cock as she pressed her ass against me. We started to move in sync with each other. With each thrust, she slammed her ass back.
"Spank me," she pleaded. I gave her a gentle smack on her ass.
"Are you some kind of pussy?" she asked.
"No," I replied, slightly confused.
"Then spank me harder."
Damn! She got what she requested. I smacked her ass considerably harder. Her moans of yes were like lustful music to my ears.
"I want to cum," she told me. "Grab that pink clit vibrator from my bedside table." A couple of seconds later, I heard a dull buzz and watched her gently hold the vibrator against her swollen clit.
She started to move the toy in a rhythm.
"Go slow and deep," she said breathlessly.
It took all my strength not to cum each time I watched my cock slowly disappear into her pussy. Her moans were steadily growing louder each time I bottomed out in her.
I could feel her body tense up.
"Fuck me faster, I'm about to cum," she begged.
Finally! I wasn't sure how much longer I could last.
I unleashed all the pent up energy and destroyed her. My fingers dug deeper into her waist as I rammed into her. I let out all of my tension of the day in her.
She let out such a sexy scream with that last thrust, and I felt her pussy clench my cock as she came. Her juices gushing all over my cock.
"Hold still," I said as I continued to fuck her. Within a few seconds, I exploded deep inside her soaking cunt. After draining my balls, we both flopped down on the bed.
Who knew an Anti-Money Laundering seminar could be so rewarding.