This happened to me pre-pandemic. To this day, it gets me horny every time I think about it, so I figured I'd share the story here in the hope that it can get you horny too.
The New York Bondage Club is for gay, bi, and curious "straight" guys who are into exploring BDSM with like minded guys. Pre-pandemic, the club met periodically in New York City at a venue equipped with benches, racks, tables, and other gear made available to satisfy most any consensual scene that the party goers would dream up. I'm into bondage and a bit of pain myself and the club gave me the ability to watch some of my fantasies being played out on others in a safe space. I'm also a bit of an exhibitionist and although I lacked the courage to participate, I often fantasized what it would be like to be tied naked and whipped on stage in front of a bunch of clothed guys.
During my club visits, I'd get myself quite worked up projecting myself into the scenes being played out in front of me. Even though only a few feet away, I'd remain a spectator and always leave the club hard. However, the guys at the club were great and respected my reluctance to get involved which made me feel more comfortable each visit. I began wearing less clothing to the club just for the thrill of it and reduced my outfit to a simple t-shirt, jeans and loafers without socks or underwear. The feeling was very erotic for me knowing that there was little covering my usually hard cock.
On one of my visits, I decided to push my limits as far as I ever had, removing my shirt and leaving it near the bar before I began walking around. Exposing myself in this way, even just a little, was a huge turn on and coupled with the sounds of moaning mixed with paddles slapping skin, I quickly became hard as a rock underneath my jeans.
There were many scenes taking place that particular night. A man naked and bound inside a cage could not do anything to prevent guests from fondling his body through the bars. Another guy was naked, bound, and suspended from a beam over the main stage and I watched as the guys fingered his ass while they jerked him off. Toward the back of the club, a guy was spread and tied to rings in the wall while his tormentor whipped him paying special attention to his cock and balls. In short, it was another great night at the club.
But I was drawn to the moans coming from a particular table where a naked sub was tied down securely with rope bondage done by someone who really knew what they were doing. His master was rolling a pinwheel over his body spending lots of time on his nipples and a small group was looking on as the master began alternating between stroking and pinwheeling the subs cock, keeping him on the edge and denying his orgasm. The sub was thrashing beneath the ropes and his moans increased in volume and intensity, drawing in more spectators. Watching him squirm from the pain mixed with pleasure seemed to be turning on a number of guys looking on and I was as enthralled watching them as I was watching the sub.
The lustful looks in their eyes was having a huge effect on me and I let my own hand drop to my crotch so I could discretely rub my clothed cock. The sub cried out, warning his master of his impending orgasm, begging his master for permission to cum. But time and again, the master declined and brought the sub back from the edge. Eventually, the master granted permission and began stroking the subs cock wildly but about the time the thrashing sub began to shoot his load, I felt two hands wrap around me from behind taking each of my nipples between forefinger and thumb. Although I was extremely surprised, I offered no resistance and my "attacker" pulled me into him, twisting my nipples harder until I began to moan.
He whispered in my ear, "I've been watching you rub your cock this whole time and I was hoping I could get you before you could make yourself cum."
He twisted my nips even harder pulling me back and sandwiching himself between me and the wall. As he did so, I felt his clothed but very hard cock against my ass. He continued to pull and twist my nipples grinding his cock against me and the small crowd turned to watch this new, developing scene. A semi-circle formed around us and one man stepped forward, undid my belt, pulled it through the loops and used it to secure my hands behind my back. In this position, I found my hands could reach the first guy's cock and I tried my best to rub it while he worked on my nipples.
The new guy felt my hardness through my pants.
"I think he's ready to cum! Who wants to watch this guy cum?" He said to the crowd.
There was some cheering and some clapping as he undid my jeans and worked them down to my ankles forcing me to step out of them and my shoes exposing my hard, now dripping cock to a crowd of about 25 clothed onlookers. I was completely naked, hands tied behind me, horny as hell, with a bunch of people watching and I was ready to do just about anything to get off while they all watched!
He dropped to his knees, taking my cock in his mouth and began giving me the most amazing cock sucking I had ever experienced. I tried to open the jeans of the guy behind me and got some needed help from a couple of guys in the crowd. I was too distracted to focus but I was at least able to hold that guy's cock up against my ass cheeks while masturbated on me.
Hands were all over me. Nipples, chest, face, hair, arms, all were being touched by party goers. I was loosing my mind and warned my audience that I was close to cumming. The guy in front released my cock from his mouth and pumped my slick cock with his hand while the guy behind me had a massive orgasm, cumming all over my back and ass. That's all it took for me and I began to shoot my load into the audience. Sending streams of cum into the crowd while they cheered and clapped.
I was still naked and cum covered as guys thanked me for the show. One guy had gotten some paper towels for me to use to clean up with which was super nice and I lost track of the guy behind me, never seeing him again that night. A few guys hung around to watch me clean the cum off my body and get dressed. To be honest it was kind of creepy, but, in a weird way, it was also hot to be watched during a very intimate moment.
The pandemic nixed additional opportunities to visit the club by I do hope they'll re-open soon so I can try to recreate the events of this evening.