"I can't believe Dave is fifty!" said Amy.
"No, me neither," replied Ray. "He doesn't seem that old. He must have been my age when I started with the firm, that was almost 20 years ago!"
"Well he's putting on a free bar, so who's complaining," laughed Amy as she applied the finishing touches to her make up.
"Not me," replied Ray. He looked over at his wife who was stood in front of the mirror. After almost 10 years of marriage he still thought she was amazing. She hadn't yet put on her dress and was wearing a short robe. It rode up as she leaned into the mirror and Ray caught a glimpse of her beautiful ass.
Amy was almost 30 and she was in great shape. Slim and toned. A beautiful flat tummy and small, but perfectly formed 'a' cup breasts.
Ray walked up behind Amy and wrapped his arms around her. He untied the belt of her robe and slid his hands inside. He moved his hands over her tummy and cupped her small breasts. Ray kissed her neck and her nipples became hard. So did his cock which he pressed into her.
"Stop it, I'm trying to get ready!" Amy moved his hands off of her and pulled the front of her robe together. She turned to face him and pushed him away. Then with a cheeky grin she dropped her robe to the floor. She stood naked in front of him.
Ray's eyes drank in Amy's beautiful naked form. To his surprise she had shaved her pubic hair. Her pussy was completely bald. Amy knew Ray liked this but she didn't do it all the time.
"Perhaps later. If you're lucky!"
Amy walked away and Ray couldn't take his eyes off her swaying ass as she departed for the bedroom.
Ray followed Amy from the bathroom and watched her retrieve a matching set of underwear from her top drawer. She bent over in front of him sliding the black lace thong, up her legs and into place. She then pulled on the matching black lace bra, fastening the clasp in front of her before spinning it around and placing her arms through the straps.
Amy had picked a short black strapless dress. She stepped into it and pulled it up. She put on a pair of patent red heels. "Is this ok?" she enquired.
"Wow!" was his response.
The party was at a small place in town. Amy and Ray took a cab. They both sat in the back. Ray placed his hand on Amy's bare thigh and struggled to stop himself from sliding his had upwards towards her bald pussy.
Ray noticed the cab driver checking Amy out in his rear-view mirror. He smiled to himself. Well he could hardly blame him! The cab pulled up outside the bar and Amy climbed out whilst Ray paid the driver. The pair clasped hands and made their way inside.
Dave was waiting just inside the door greeting the new arrivals.
"Guys, thanks for coming. Amy, I've not seen you in ages!"
Dave held open his arms, embraced Amy and kissed her on each cheek. Amy had worked at the same firm as Ray and Dave for three years before leaving and knew Dave and many of the other guests well.
Ray held out his hand and Dave grasped it, giving it a firm shake.
"Happy birthday old man!"
"Thanks Ray. And less of the 'old man'. You're not far behind!"
The pair laughed before Dave moved on to his next set of guests who had just arrived.
Ray and Amy walked towards the bar. A dance floor was set up at the far end of the room although it was currently empty.
"Ray, go get me a drink from the bar. I'll have one of those orange gins, with tonic please. I'm going over to catch up with the girls. It seems like I've not seen them for ages."
With that Amy tottered off in the direction of a group of girls gathered around a high table. They were chatting and laughing. Ray recognised the girls from work, although there was one of them he had never seen before. She had long blonde wavy hair and was wearing thick rimmed glasses. She had an unusual quirky look which Ray found strangely attractive.
He watched his wife join the group of girls who enthusiastically greeted her. He heard one girl tell her how fabulous she looked. He saw his wife introduced to the quirky girl and they shook hands in a rather formal manner.
Ray ordered the drinks, deciding he would have the same as his wife. The bar woman poured the drinks and passed them over to him, "courtesy of Dave!" she said with a smile. Ray thanked her and took Amy's drink over to her. To his surprise Amy was talking to the new girl, who was laughing at whatever Amy was saying to her.
Ray passed Amy her drink
"Thanks, hun," she said, "by the way, this is Nina. Nina, this is my husband Ray."
"Nice to meet you Nina," said Ray.
"Likewise," said Nina smiling at Ray.
Nina turned back to Amy, "what is that you're drinking," she asked.
"Orange gin and tonic. Here try some."
Amy passed the glass to Nina, who sucked on the straw.
"Oh wow, that's delicious!"
"Ray, why don't you be a sweetie and go and get Nina a drink from the bar. You can get another one for me too, if you don't mind. I'll have the same again."
Amy drained her glass and passed it back to Ray, who headed back to the bar to order two more drinks.
After he had been served, Ray took the drinks back over to the girls, before announcing he was going to find Dave.
"No probs," said Amy, "I'll catch you later." With that Ray headed off.
Ray spent the next hour chatting to Dave and his other work buddies. They talked about football (which Ray wasn't really into) and other mundane work stuff.
Ray couldn't help but notice how well his wife seemed to be getting on with Nina. They had literally not stopped talking to each other since they had arrived. Their discussions were becoming more animated and Amy was laughing a lot. Ray had seen them both visit the bar a few times since he had left them and he suspected that Amy was getting tipsy.
The lights in the bar were turned on and an announcement was made, opening the buffet. For the first time tonight Amy left Nina and walked back towards him.
"Let's, get some food. I'm starving!" she announced, taking Ray by the arm and dragging him towards the buffet table.
They went down the line and filled their plates with food before finding a quiet table to sit down and eat.
"So who's Nina? Who has she come with?"
"She came with Claire. Apparently, she's recently split up with her fella and Claire thought a night out would do her good. She's really good fun actually."
"Yeah, I can see you two get on well. Is she local?"
"No, she's from out of town. She's supposed to be staying in a hotel tonight, although she doesn't have anywhere booked. She says she will find somewhere when the party is done."
"I think she might struggle. It's Friday night and I suspect most places will be booked up. Why isn't she staying with Claire?"
"I'm not entirely sure, something about Claire's husband's family are over so there isn't room."
"That's a pain for her then."
"Yeah too right. I want another drink. You want one? I'll go to the bar."
"Ok, why not!"
Amy got up and walked to the bar. Ray saw her chatting to the bar maid, who poured three drinks. Amy walked back to Ray and deposited one of the drinks on the table.
"I'm going back over to the girls. You don't mind, do you?"
"No hun, not at all. I'll go find the boys and talk about boring football!"
Amy laughed and bent over to kiss Ray who was still sat at the table. Ray slid his hand up Amy's skirt and squeezed her ass. Amy playfully slapped his hand away, smiled at him and walked off in the direction of the girls, taking the extra drink, which Ray had no doubt was for Nina, with her.
As expected Amy made a beeline for Nina and passed her the drink. Nina leant in a pecked Amy on the cheek before taking the glass of gin and bursting out in laughter. The girls both sucked on the straws, almost emptying the glasses in one.
Ray re-joined the boys who, unsurprisingly were still talking football. Ray, half heartedly joined in the conversation but was more interested in what was going on with Amy and Nina.
The lights had been turned down again and the music was turned up. Drinks were flowing and a number of people were now dancing to the cheesy tunes of ABBA. Ray saw Nina take Amy by the hand and drag her onto the dancefloor. Amy threw her head back laughing and didn't resist. She loved to dance.
Ray watched the girls dancing. It was like they were in their own world. They looked into each other's eyes, whilst flirting around each other. They were mouthing the words and singing. Ray smiled to himself and headed over to the DJ box.
Amy had been a fan of garage music in her early twenties, especially Usher and Ray asked the DJ if he had any garage tunes. The DJ confirmed he did and agreed to play Ray's request when the current song had finished.
ABBA faded out and the base line of a familiar garage song was mixed in. He couldn't hear them but he saw Amy mouth to Nina "oh my God, I love this!" Nina replied, "me too!" Ray smiled to himself, he knew her so well!
The change in music now had Amy and Nina grinding down low. They were facing each other and Ray could tell that Nina would have a clear unobstructed view of Amy's black thong. In fact, Ray was almost certain that Nina was taking full advantage of her position and checking Amy out.
The girls then stood up and to Ray's surprise they began grinding on each other's legs. They were facing each other, and pulling themselves together. Amy was clearly rubbing her crotch up and down Nina's denim covered thigh. Nina was doing like wise.
Ray was getting excited watching this. His cock was growing hard in his pants. Was his wife genuinely flirting with this girl right in front of him. Ray had joked to Amy in the past about his threesome fantasises.
For the first time since they had hit the dancefloor Amy looked around, her eyes searching for Ray. She found him and stared at him. She stopped moving. What was she doing? Was she asking for permission? The look on her face suggested she was. Ray, stared back at her then slowly raised his hand and stuck up his thumb. Instantly a large grin spread across Amy's face and she resumed her actions.
Ray spent the rest of the night watching his wife as she openly flirted with another girl.
"Hey, what's going on there?" said Dave.
"I'm not entirely certain," Ray replied, coyly.
"Hell, you lucky, lucky man!"
"What do you mean?"
Dave didn't say anything but slapped Ray on the back and walked away.
Ray looked back over to Amy. She'd now left Nina and was walking over towards him.
"Hi hun," she said cheerfully, "all ok? Having fun?"
"Errm, yeah, sure, I mean..."
"You mean what?"
"Well, yeah I'm having fun, but not as much as you."
"Do I detect a hint of jealousy, Raymond?"
"Me? No... Well perhaps a little."
"Don't you like Nina?"
"I don't even know her."
"But she looks good. Yeah?"
"Yeah, I guess she does."
"Good, I'm glad you think so. I thought you would. I've told her she can stay at ours tonight. Save her having to get a hotel. I've booked a cab. It's picking us up in ten mins, so you might want to go and say bye to Dave. I'm going to say bye to the girls, I'll see you out front in ten mins. I assume you don't mind?"
Before he had a chance to answer Amy tuned away and headed back over to the group of girls! He would of course have said he didn't mind at all!
As Amy had suggested, Ray went to find Dave. He caught up with him at the bar and explained he was leaving.
"No probs Ray, thanks for coming. Enjoy the rest of the night," said Ray with a wink and a chuckle.
"What!" said Ray walking off to meet Amy and Nina out front.
Ray walked through the front door of the bar. Amy and Nina were already outside.
"Ray, thanks so much for letting me stay."
"It's not a problem, I doubt you would have found a hotel this late, so it's probably for the best. We couldn't see you out on the street, could we Amy?"
"No, absolutely not. Look, the cab's here, let's get in"
Amy quickly jumped in the back of the cab and Nina followed he in. Ray walked around the other side of the cab and climbed in the front, greeting the driver and giving him the address.
The cab pulled away.
Ray made the usual small talk with the cab driver whilst the girls were chatting and laughing in the back. Ray twisted around in his seat to join in the conversation. He looked down and was surprised to see Nina's hand resting on the flesh of Amy's thigh. He was staring.
He looked up at his wife who smiled at him. She then placed her hand on top of Nina's. Ray thought Amy was going to move Nina's hand away but she didn't. Instead Amy spread her legs a little and slid Nina's hand ever so slightly higher up her thigh towards her pussy. The movement was subtle and Nina didn't appear to notice, but the clear intention was there and Ray had got the message.
The cab arrived at Ray and Amy' house around 20 minutes later. Nina offered to pay the cab fare but Ray dismissed her offer and handed a £20 note to the driver instructing him to keep the change.
The girls had already got out of the cab and were walking down the path towards the front door. Amy was fumbling around in her purse looking for the key. Ray heard a metallic clang as the key fell on the floor. Amy instantly bent down to pick up the key. As she did, her short dress rode up giving both Ray and Nina a clear view of her beautiful ass. Nina, never took her eyes off Amy's bottom.
Amy straightened up and aimed her key at the lock. On the third attempt she managed to get the key in, opened the door and walked in.
"I'll have another gin. Nina, what are you drinking?"
"I'll have the same as you please."
"Two gins it is then. Ray, would you mind?"
"My pleasure," and with that Ray headed into the kitchen to make the drinks. Gins for the girls and a cold beer for him.
Ray heard music start playing in the lounge as the girls flicked through the various music channels.
Ray walked back into the lounge and placed the drinks on the coffee table. He took a swig of his beer, slumped on the sofa and looked towards the girls.
Amy had managed to find a channel playing garage music. The scantily clad girls on the screen were rotating their hips and grinding in a seductive manner. Nina and Amy started dancing. They were circling each other, looking into each other's eyes, hips gyrating in time to the music.
Amy couldn't take her eyes off of Nina. She was beautiful. Deep blue eyes, set off by emerald green eye shadow, framed by the thick rimmed glasses. Her lashes were long and dark. They were drawing her in.
Amy's heart raced and her body was tingling. She'd never had these feelings before about a girl. It reminded her of when she first met Ray. Then it happened. She leaned in and kissed Nina. Nina didn't hesitate, she didn't pull away. She kissed Nina back, pushing her tongue into Amy's mouth. It felt good and caused her pussy to tingle.
Ray stared in disbelief. His wife was there, right in front of him, kissing another, hot girl. Should he be angry? Should he feel cheated on? Shit no! This was hot. Very hot and the bulge in his pants proved it.
Amy and Nina were now going for it. Their hands were exploring each other's bodies. Nina reached down and placed her hand on the back of Amy's thigh. She slid her hand up her thigh, pulling her dress up with it. Nina's hand found Amy's ass and squeezed.
Amy stopped kissing Nina and looked over at Ray. She cast her eyes down to his bulging cock, then smiled at him. She looked back at Nina, then took a step back. Amy reached behind her back and pulled the zip at the back of her dress down. The dress no longer held tight around Amy's body and fell to the floor, puddling around her feet. Amy stepped out of her dress and stood on show in heels, panties and bra.
Amy turned to face Ray and Nina moved behind her. She stood behind Nina and kissed the back of her neck. Amy closed her eyes and began to groan. Nina expertly unclasped Amy's bra in the way only a woman can. The strapless bra fell to the floor. Amy's perfectly formed tits were now on display, her nipples erect.
Nina wrapped her arms around Amy and slowly moved her hands up her body to cup Amy's small tits. She caressed, then pinched Amy's hard nipples which caused Amy to release more groans of pleasure.
Ray watched on in amazement. Oh my God! Was this really happening. His cock was throbbing. He wanted to see more.
Nina's hands made their way back down Amy's body and came to rest on her hips. Nina hooked her thumbs under the elastic of Amy panties and slowly slid them down to reveal Amy's beautifully smooth, glistening pussy. Nina let Amy's panties fall to the floor and again Amy stepped out of the shod clothes. She stood there naked, save for her heels.
Nina reached around and slowly stroked the exposed, smooth area of skin above Amy's pussy. Amy looked at Ray before closing her eyes. Nina's hand continued its downwards journey and she slowly stroked Amy's outer pussy lips. She could feel Amy's body start to tremble at her touch.
Nina pressed her finger between Amy's pussy lips and found her hard, wet clit. Amy's knees buckled at the touch.
Nina's touch felt electric on Amy's pussy. Amy thought she was going to cum there and then. She was so turned on. She was so hot.
She opened her eyes and looked at Ray.
"You like this? You like watching Amy touch my pussy? Oh it feels so good. A woman knows what a woman needs. You like this hun?"
"Yeah, oh yeah," Ray nodded.
Nina continued to stroke Amy's pussy and her breathing was getting faster. Amy closed her eyes and threw her head back. Nina used her left hand to knead Amy's tits and pinch her nipples. Her right hand continued to stroke Amy's pussy. Amy was on the verge of exploding. Nina continued, faster and faster. Amy panted, her mouth wide open.
"Oh fuck. Make me cum. I'm going to cum. Ohhhh fuuuuccck..." Amy never took her eyes off Ray as Nina brought her off to a knee buckling orgasm.
Amy got her breathing back under control, and suddenly turned to face Nina.
"Arm's up," she said in an authoritative tone.
"Yes miss!" Nina giggled.
Nina lifted her arms above her head. Amy took hold of the bottom of Nina's shirt and tugged it up and off, somehow managing to keep Nina's glasses on her head. Amy admired Nina's flat tummy and ran her hands down it to find the buttons on Nina's jeans. She popped the buttons open one by one. Nina, kicked off her shoes and slid her jeans down her legs, until they hit the floor.
Nina was wearing a beautiful matching white lace bra and panties. The bra pushed her tits together creating a killer cleavage and her small thong panties were sheer.
Amy's eyes scanned up and down Nina's firm body before she glanced over once more at Ray and smiled.
"You want to see more Ray?"
Ray was simply lost for words. He tried to speak but no words came out of his mouth.
Amy was so turned on. Nina was stunning. Her tits were slightly larger than Amy's but not much. Amy couldn't wait to see them, to squeeze them, to suck on them.
Then the girls began to kiss again. Their lips were locked together as they passionately tasted each other's mouths. Amy ran her hands up and down Nina's back. She found the clasp of Nina's bra and opened it. Nina's tits sprung fee and Amy slid the straps off of Nina's shoulder letting the bra fall to the floor. Amy pulled Nina close. It was an unusual sensation have another pair of tits touching hers. She could feel Nina's erect nipples pressing into her. The excitement of it all made Amy even wetter.
Amy then ran her hands down Nina's back placing them on her beautiful firm ass. Nina's ass was completely exposed the thin material of her thong pulled tight between her ass cheeks. Amy squeezed Nina's ass, before sliding her hands inside the elastic of her panties and tugging them down, causing them to fall on the floor next to her bra.
Both girls were completely naked. Amy was still wearing her heels, which meant she was slightly taller than Nina.
Ray sat there wide eyed. What the fuck. He just couldn't believe his luck. Things like this just didn't happen to him. He was enjoying every second of this show. He didn't want it to end. His cock was like a steel rod in his pants and he could already feel the pre-cum oozing out.
Amy stepped back from Nina again. Nina was stunning. Like Amy her pussy was completely bald.
"Just beautiful," said Amy, "don't you agree Ray?"
Amy turned Nina to face Ray, who was still sat on the sofa.
"Erm yes, wow yes, beautiful." Ray felt a little uncomfortable complimenting a naked woman to his wife.
"Do you want to fuck her Ray? I do Ray. I want to fuck her. I want to lick and suck on her beautiful little pussy Ray. Do you want me to do that Ray?"
"Erm yes, to all those questions," was all Ray could manage.
Now it was Amy's turn. She reached around Nina and stroked her hands along the length of Nina's pussy. Amy had never touched another woman in this way before and was feeling nervous.
Amy's finger easily slid between the outer lips of Nina's pussy. Nina was wet. Really wet. Amy drew her finger up between Nina's pussy lips until she felt the unmistakeable bump of Nina's erect clit. She felt Nina flinch as her finger passed over it. Amy circled Nina's clit with her finger. Nina began to breath deeply and her body started to shake. She opened her mouth and let out a loud gasp.
Amy continued what she was doing and looked at Ray. Ray's eyes were fixed on Nina's pussy. His tongue was literally hanging out.
Amy picked up the pace and instead of circling Nina's clit stroked it directly. Nina was now panting. Moaning. Groaning. Louder. Louder.
"I gonna cum. Don't stop, please I'm gonna cum. Ohhhhhhh..."
Amy, applied a little more pressure and was now rubbing Nina's clit faster. Amy's whole body began to shake violently and Nina screamed out in pleasure.
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Yeahhhhhhh."
Nina's orgasm was magnificent. It was a beautiful thing to witness.
Nina regained her composure and the pace of her breathing returned to normal. Amy was still stood behind Nina holding her tight. Nina looked down and took hold of Amy's hand. She brought her hand up to her mouth and looked Ray direct in the eye before placing Amy's fingers in her mouth and sucking them. Nina never took her eyes off Ray.
"So, Amy, I think it's about time Ray joined the fun, don't you?"
"Yes, I do. Get naked Ray. Get you clothes off. We want to see you!"
Ray jumped to his feet. He was excited and nervous. He started pulling off his clothes.
"Slow down. It's not a race."
Ray tried to slow down, but he couldn't and in no time at all, was naked, his hard, weeping cock pointing at Amy and Nina.
"Well Amy, you did pretty well for yourself didn't you! He clearly takes care of himself. And that's a beautiful cock. Do you mind if I take a closer look?"
"Be my guest!"
Nina walked over to Ray. Rays heart was racing. Nina looked him in the eye. Held his gaze for a moment then focused on his cock. Rays cock was hard, his blood was pumping and his cock bobbed up and down with each beat of his heart.
"He loves a hand job."
Ray hadn't noticed Amy approach him. Amy took hold of Ray's hard cock and began stroking it.
"He loves to be teased."
Amy started wanking Ray's cock.
"Taken to the edge of orgasm then left begging. I'm pretty good at knowing when he's going to cum!"
Ray was a little embarrassed that Amy had revealed this intimate secret. But the feeling of embarrassment didn't last long.
Amy continued to stroke Ray. She knew he was getting close. She had only been touching him for a minute or so. He was clearly and unsurprisingly very turned on by this whole situation.
"He's getting close. Look at his body. His eyes shut tight. One stroke too many and it's all over."
Ray's body tensed up, he was going to blow. Then Amy stopped, with a chuckle. Perfectly timed as always.
Ray let out a long sigh.
"Have a go? I'll tell you when to stop. We don't want him cumming too soon and ruining the fun, do we?"
"ok, if you're sure," replied Nina, "I will."
This was a truly bizarre sensation for Ray. He was about to be wanked off by another woman, in front of his wife.
Nina stood in front of Ray and ran her hands over his muscular chest.
"Are you sure Amy?"
"Yes," was the one-word reply.
Nina took hold of Ray's cock. It wasn't huge, but neither was it particularly small. She wrapped her hand around it. His cock was slick with pre-cum which had been spread along the length by Amy only minutes earlier.
She slid her hand down the length then back up rubbing her fingers over Ray's sticky bell end.
Ray looked at Amy, who was now casually playing with her pussy.
Nina clearly knew what she was doing, but she wasn't as skilled as Amy. She gripped his cock a little too tight, but it still felt amazing. Nina wanked Ray faster and harder. She was staring at his cock, then looking into his eyes.
Ray's eyes were flitting between Nina and his wife who was wanking herself. The sight of his wife touching herself, was fucking hot. He began to moan. Nina pumped his cock. He was going to cum, oh yes this was amazing. Oh yes.
"Stop!" yelled Amy.
Nina jumped and let go of Ray's cock.
"Oh fuck". Ray's body trembled. Both girls watched Ray's cock. Nina had pushed it too far. His cock, was throbbing, twitching. Ray moaned and he tried to hold it in, but he just couldn't and after what felt like an eternity without any further stimulation, a small dribble of cum trickled out of the end, running down the shaft of his cock.
Amy laughed out loud
"Shit, sorry," said Nina, "I think I got carried away. Sorry."
Amy continued to laugh, "no, no don't be sorry. That was perfect. That was the most prefect ruined orgasm, wasn't it hun?"
Ray nodded, his breathing was deep.
"He's still good to go, but perhaps we ought to leave his cock alone for a little while now, give him a chance to recover."
The girls laughed.
"Why don't you take a seat on the sofa, next to Ray, Nina?"
Nina obliged and sat down.
Amy looked at Ray, then Nina.
Amy got on her knees in front of Nina and pushed her legs apart, exposing her slick pussy. She hooked her hands behind Nina's knees and pulled her towards her so her ass was on the very edge of the sofa. Nina's pussy was only inches away from Amy's face and Nina could feel Amy's hot breath.
"Well this is a first for me," said Amy as she moved her mouth close to Nina pussy and licked up along the length of her slit.
Ray sat back and watched. His wife had her head between the legs of another woman, right next to him.
Amy was hesitant at first. Licking and tasting Nina's pussy. Getting used to the feeling. Getting used to the taste. But Amy quickly got a taste for it. Amy was now getting her tongue right in there. Pushing her tongue into Nina's pussy, fucking Nina with her tongue. Ray saw Amy reach around and pull Nina's pussy lips wide apart exposing her hard clit. They Amy started work on that.
Ray looked at Nina. Her eyes were closed. Her face was screwed up tight. Nina grabbed his leg and squeezed it tight as the pleasure inside her began to build.
Then Amy stopped. "Fuck me," she said to Ray. "Get behind me and fuck me now!"
Ray slid off the sofa and moved himself behind his wife who was on her knees, with her face buried in Nina's pussy.
What am amazing sight. His wife had an amazing ass and her pussy was spread wide open, right before his eyes. Ray slid his finger between Amy's pussy lips and began to stroke her clit.
"Fuck me, I said!" she screamed at him.
Ray's cock was of course still rock hard. He did as he was told. He took hold of Amy's hips and guided the full length of his cock deep inside Amy's pussy. He held it there. He didn't move.
Amy yelped at the sensation of being full and pushed her ass back towards Ray, wanting his cock deeper inside her.
Ray looked at Nina. She was breathing fast. She was close to cumming.
Ray slid his cock out of Amy's pushed and rammed it back inside her as hard as he could. Again, Amy yelped. He did it again. Ray had a firm grip on Amy's hips and was pulling her towards him to meet each of his thrusts.
Nina started to get louder, "yes, yes, yeeeeeeeesssss," she screamed. Nina's hips started to jerk.
Then it was Amy's turn, "oh fuck, yes oh yesss," she screamed, she slammed her ass back towards Ray as she screamed in pleasure as her orgasm hit.
Ray pushed back towards Amy, her pussy was so wet. He wanted to cum himself and was pulling her hard onto him. But before her could release his load into his wife's hot wet pussy, she flopped to the floor. Rays Hard cock was left pointing in the air and both girls again began to laugh out loud.
"Oh my God," said Nina, that was amazing. "Amazing!" was all Amy could reply as she laid on the floor exhausted.
Amy lifted her head to look at Ray "Ray, I just love the taste of pussy. Now I know why you like licking me so much. That was amazing."
Ray looked at Amy and glanced down at his hard cock.
"Why are you looking like that Ray? Did we forget about you?"
Both girls laughed again. Amy climbed up off the floor and sat next to Nina on the sofa. Both girls stared at Ray's hard, bobbing cock.
"Ray does like to put on a show you know."
"Really? How do you mean?"
"He loves to wank his cock for me, don't you Ray? I often make him wank for me in the shower!"
Ray nodded
"Will he wank for us now?" Asked Nina.
"Why don't you ask him."
"Ray, will you wank for us?"
Ray didn't answer but got up to his feet and took his hard cock in his hand and began wanking his cock.
"He's very obedient, isn't he Amy"
"Very," replied Amy. "Come closer Ray so we can get a better look!"
Ray moved closer to the girls. He was now pumping his cock fast. He was leaking pre-cum and his cock was shining.
Amy reached out and cupped his balls.
Ray kept wanking. Faster and faster. His eyes were closed now, he was going to cum. He needed to cum. He started to groan.
"You better stop now," said Amy, "we don't want you making a mess on the sofa!"
"but, but..."
"No buts, just fucking stop!" said Nina in a raised, voice. "You get to cum when we say!"
Both Amy and Ray looked at Nina in surprise.
Nina was getting into this!
"Us girls still have some unfinished business. Amy just licked my pussy and it's only fair if I repay the favour."
Amy smiled, "well I'm not going to argue with that!"
Amy spun to her side, laying lengthways on the sofa. She placed one leg high on the back of the sofa and put her other on the floor. He legs were spread wide and her wet pussy was on display for Nina. Nina, didn't dive in but sat back and admired the view. It was amazing. Her pussy lips were pink and plumped up. She could see Amy's clit standing erect. She reached down and stroked a finger over Amy's clit, causing Amy to flinch. She then slid a finger inside Amy's pussy and curled her finger up searching for Amy's G spot.
Nina gently stroked her finger backwards and forward along the roof of Amy's pussy. She continued that movement as she lowered her head and flicked her tongue over Amy's clit.
"Come here!" Amy demanded of Ray. Ray moved and stood along side Amy. Amy reached up and grabbed hold of Ray's cock. She didn't stroke it, just grabbed and squeezed.
Nina worked away on Amy's pussy. Like Amy this was the first time she had ever tasted another woman's pussy and she liked it. She became bolder and licked faster. Nina's finger was still working its magic inside Amy's pussy.
Ray looked at Amy. Her eyes were shut. Her face was contorted in pleasure. Her nipples were hard. She was squeezing his cock with one hand. The other she had on the back of Nina's head, pushing her face into her pussy. Amy was lifting her hips up to meet Nina's face.
Nina was going for it now. Ray could see her head bobbing up and down. Her fingers were working on Amy's pussy. He could see Nina moving them in and out, faster and faster.
Amy's breathing picked up speed, she was taking sharp breathes in and out. She wasn't screaming this time but Ray knew Amy was close to cumming again. Ray though about moving behind Nina and fucking her as he had fucked his wife. But Amy wasn't letting go of his cock.
Nina, started to cry out now and pushed her hips in the air. Nina kept licking. Amy let go of Ray's cock and placed both hands on the back of Nina's head holding her on place and she climaxed again with a load scream.
Amy's body relaxed. Nina kept licking Amy's pussy. She didn't want to stop. Amy, half heartedly pleaded with Nina to stop, mumbling about being too sensitive. But Nina ignored Amy and carried on. Amy's protests grew weaker and weaker until they stopped completely. Amy again placed her hands on the back of Nina's head and within only a matter of seconds was cumming again on Nina's face.
Amy really was spent now and Nina knew it. Nina rested her chin on Amy's bald pussy and looked at Amy and Ray. The entire lower half of Nina's face was covered in Amy's pussy juice.
Ray, took in the scene before him and still couldn't actually believe this was happening to him.
Amy sat up on the sofa and Nina sat beside her, as they had been positioned previously.
"Would you like to fuck Nina?"
How the fuck was Ray supposed to answer that. His wife just asked him if he wanted to fuck another woman.
"It's ok Ray. You can say yes. Given what's happened tonight it would be a bit hypocritical of me to deprive you that wouldn't it!"
The truth was Ray wasn't sure that he actually did. Despite the situation, it still didn't feel right.
"Lay on your back. I'll make it easy for you."
Ray hesitated
"Now!"
Ray did as he was told. Ray's cock was standing to attention. He closed his eyes.
"Well it would be rude if you didn't at lest give it a try."
"I don't know Amy. He didn't seem sure. Are you sure?"
"Oh, for fucks sake. Look at us. I think we are beyond that now! Just climb on."
Nina, got off the sofa and walked over the Ray, who was laid on his back.
She stepped over him and stood astride him. She lowered herself down hovering over Rays cock. Ray looked his wife in the eye, who remained on the sofa, taking in what was happening in front of her.
Nina took hold of Rays cock as she lowered herself down, taking his entire girth.
Ray maintained eye contact with his wife. Amy smiled at him, encouraging him.
Ray didn't move. Nina, slowly rocked forwards and backwards. This felt good. It felt different. Not better, just different. Nina kept rocking forward and backwards. She placed her hands on Ray's chest threw her head back. She was moving faster.
Ray maintained eye contact with Amy who got off the sofa and knelt on the floor at the side of Nina. Amy leant over and took Nina's face in her hands then kissed her passionately. She pressed her tongue into Nina's mouth, then gently bit on her bottom lip. Nina's eyes were closed, she was moaning with pleasure and enjoying the sensation of Ray's cock being inside her.
Amy then bent and kissed Ray passionately on the lips. She pressed her mouth against his, she could feel Ray's lips tensing as Nina was riding his cock.
"You're enjoying this, aren't you, you naught boy! Do you like Nina's pussy? Oh yeah, I think you do!"
Ray was simply unable to respond.
To her surprise Amy was actually enjoying watching Nina fuck Ray. She could see the lust on his face, the pleasure. Nina was losing control. She was properly fucking him now, it wouldn't be long before Ray exploded. Her pussy was so wet. Watching Ray like this made her Amy very wet. She was enjoying the show, but now she wanted her turn. She wanted to fuck Ray herself. She stood up.
"Nina, would you mind?"
Nina opened her eyes and stopped moving she was panting. Nina didn't want to stop. Ray's cock felt good. But Ray wasn't her husband and Nina didn't feel like she could refuse Amy's request. "Not at all," replied Nina.
Nina stood up and Ray's cock easily slipped out of her wet pussy.
"He's great with his tongue, but I'm not sure he can do two things at once."
"Shall we find out?" Nina was once again excited.
"Yes, we shall" said Amy laughing.
Amy now took her turn to straddle Ray. She lowered herself onto his cock. She knew where his cock was and didn't need to guide it into her pussy. Her pussy was wet and it easily swallowed Ray's cock.
Nina stood over Ray face. She turned to face Amy, who had now fully taken Ray's cock into her pussy. She sank to her knees, positioning her pussy directly over Ray's face.
Ray knew what to do. He snaked out his tongue and began to work on Nina's pussy. Nina instantly lowered her pussy on Ray's face and began grinding her pussy on him.
Amy, was enjoying the sensation of being full with Ray's cock and began riding him up and down. Both girls were being simultaneously pleasured by Ray. Nina reached forward and placed her thumb on Amy's clit which was hard, very hard.
Amy closed her eyes and Nina leaned in to kiss her. The girls' lips met and their tongues began to passionately explore each other's mouths.
Amy picked up the pace and began fucking Ray with vigour. Nina, was grinding her pussy on Ray's face. She could feel his tongue and mouth, greedily licking, sucking and pushing against her pussy. My god it felt good, her orgasm was well on its way
Amy, was also thinking about her own orgasm. She was riding Ray's cock fast and hard. She was bouncing on him, her face was beading with sweat as she used her legs to thrust up and down. Nina continued to rub her clit. The faster Amy moved the fast Nina rubbed. Nina was cumming.
So was Amy.
And so was Ray.
Nina was literally fucking his face. His wife was fucking his cock. Oh wow Ray couldn't believe this. His wife was riding his cock. He could hear both girls panting. He was panting himself. He was cumming, oh fuck he was cumming. Ray, thrust his hips high and groaned in pleasure.
Amy could feel Ray pushing into her, she knew he was cumming. That pushed her over the edge and her own orgasm ripped through her body. Nina, saw the look on Amy's face. She felt her face and lips tense up. Nina knew it was time and she allowed the orgasms she had been holding back to explode inside her body. All three of them were moaning with pleasure and gasping for breath.
The three sweaty naked bodies collapsed on each other in a messy heap. Limbs were wrapped around each other. Skin was sticking together, but all three were smiling.
"Wow!" said Ray.
"Wow!" said Amy.
"Wow!" said Nina.
"Bed time?" said Amy
"Yep." said Nina.
With that the girls got up. Amy took Nina's hand and led her away towards the stairs.
Ray simply admired the pair of naked asses that were walking away from him. What a sight! What a night! What a fucking night!
"You coming Ray?" Nina said, looking over her shoulder.
"Nina and I aren't finished yet!" said Amy
Ray's cock began to twitch!