This is the second part of a story about a self-confessed voyeur who is in a relationship with an exhibitionist who is in denial about this aspect of her character.
It starts immediately after the end of chapter 1 when just before the girlfriend looked like she would be banged by another man on the kitchen table in front of at least twelve men she tells her boyfriend to take her to bed. It will make more sense if you read chapter 1 first.
Like most of my stories it is set in and around 1980's Birmingham. There is no social media, no mobile phones and the range of acceptable moral behaviour was different. This is the same Joanna as appears in some other stories of mine, but this is set about eight months before the first of those stories so there is no need to have read those other stories.
/------------------------------------/
They'd left the party as soon as the jump suit was back around Joanna's shoulders and hiding her nipples. There didn't seem much point in doing the zip all the way up again or putting on the belt as they were only going next door.
Once they were back in their room, he decided to try an experiment. "Roxanne, did you enjoy yourself tonight."
"Oh yes, David. Everyone was watching me dance and wanting to get me a drink."
She sighed, "There's one thing I regret."
"What's that, Roxanne?"
"I should have got you to make love to me on the kitchen table in front of everyone."
"That would have been great." It seemed the right answer, although he parked the thought that although he liked to watch, he was uneasy about being watched himself.
"I don't suppose that we can go back to the party now."
"It would lack a certain spontaneity."
"I suppose you're right." She sounded disappointed.
"I have a suggestion, Roxanne."
"Yes, David."
"Why don't we pretend that the bed is the kitchen table and that we are been watched by all the people who were there?"
"That sounds fun."
"I thought it might be."
She then said, "Actually let's go downstairs. There's a table in the kitchen."
It seemed like an abuse of hospitality to having sex in someone else's kitchen without asking permission especially as food was likely to be prepared on it in the morning. It was different at Steve's as he was in a position to say no.
He looked around the room and spotted an alternative. "How about the desk? We can pretend that it is the kitchen table at Steve's."
She thought about this and then nodded and accepted this substitution. Phew.
He positioned her on the desk and adjusted her dress so that it was like she was immediately before she had called a halt to Max's ambitions.
He then switched out the lights, saying to her, "It will be easier to imagine that people are watching us. After all the pictures are better on the radio." Only then did he take off his trousers and underwear and put on the condom. He believed better safe than sorry.
They then heard the front door open downstairs and the voice of Trixie saying "You're right it wasn't far. You said you had some jelly for me upstairs."
Bloody hell, he'd forgotten about Team DP who really were going for gold tonight.
Beneath him Joanna giggled. He decided that it was best to get started and try to ignore his friends and Trixie. He certainly did not want to explain KY Jelly to either Joanna or her alter-ego Roxanne.
Joanna gave him his cue. "I've never seen one that big or stiff before. Show all these people what a good fucking looks like."
The next hour added to his sense that the whole night would be in the top five most memorable evenings of his life. Joanna kept shouting out words to the effect that, "Max, don't you wish that you were inside me now. I don't mind if you wank yourself off while a real man gives me the seeing to that Roxanne deserves."
Apparently she had asked the names of everyone around the kitchen table as she challenged twelve different men to spill their seed and to watch him fuck her.
While she was pretending that twelve people were watching David fuck Roxanne, he was pretending that he was watching twelve different men take it in turns to fuck Joanna.
He then realised that the walls in this house were either very thin or Trixie was very loud indeed. "Ohhh. My. God. I'm so full, I'm coming, use me like the little whore I am."
This inspired Joanna's imagination, "Tell me what a stupid slut I am, I'm being fucked bareback in front of twenty men by a man I met four hours ago, and I'm not even being paid for it. I bet you are all waiting your turn."
This set Trixie off, "Ask Max if he wants to join in, I can suck him off while Team DP does its stuff. Ask Daniel and Steve if they would like me to tug their dicks at the same time."
At that stage he realised that even trying to think about things rationally was both undesirable and counterproductive. If Joanne wanted to believe that he wasn't using protection then he was not going to correct her.
Once he stopped engaging brain and just said the first thing which came into his mind, the pleasure intensified. He lifted her legs over his shoulder and lent over. He deepened his thrusts into her, and Joanne's arms reached behind him and started scratching his back. He was vaguely aware that Trixie was screaming with what he hoped was pleasure.
He said, "Roxanne, do you want me to sell tickets next time?"
Joanne replied "Yes, that would be marvellous. The more people watching the better."
"I think we could fill Villa Park."
He ignored the guffaws of laughter from Pete next door. Later he realised that breaking Pete's concentration while doing what he did best was unheard of.
He and Joanne outlasted Team DP and Trixie by ten minutes. Still Dom and Pete had started earlier than them, but those two could take it in turns to catch a breather. He checked his watch; it was three AM when he and Joanne finally got off the desk and into bed.
He woke up at seven in the morning. He was a little tired but was not hungover. Somehow he had paced himself last night. He took a shower, got dressed and went down to the kitchen to get to get something to clean the desk with. To his shock Max was in the kitchen making coffee. The man smiled at him, "Bet you didn't expect to see me again."
"You live here?"
"No, but I was offered a consolation prize. I'm off before they wake up and want to talk about their feelings."
"Sorry about last night."
"No problem. Did she really have a threesome with Jagger and Rod Stewart?"
"No, she's the original Roxanne."
He then held his hand up, "Sorry, no she didn't and isn't. She just needed a confidence boost last night and you gave her one. You're a great dancer."
Max laughed ruefully, "So's she. I heard Trixie's voice last night. Better leave before she gets up. I'll look out for her at the next party for another public blowjob."
David finished the coffee, washed up the cup and left. He opened a window to air the room and wiped off the sticky stiff from the desk and the carpet. He then folded the jumpsuit and collected the clothes from the floor. Joanna was sleeping soundly. He felt that they both needed some time to think about last night. Well he needed her to think about it and he needed to decide what the right thing to say to her was, both for her self-respect and to improve his chances of getting to see her making out (and hopefully more) with other men (or indeed women) in the next five or so months before his US trip. The sex they'd had that night had been the best that they'd had, partly because he was imagining that he was the other man, but mainly because she had really let herself go.
He lay down next to her and dropped off for another two and a half hours. She was still sound asleep when he woke up again. He went to the car and got the thermos flask. He filled it with hot instant coffee in the kitchen and left it by the side of the bed with a note telling her he'd gone round to Steve's and asking if she could change the sheets..
Steve and some of his housemates were awake and was glad of his help in tidying up. To his amazement there was some beer left over from last night, but David declined. He needed to drive back in a few hours.
After moving the furniture Steve started cooking bacon, sausages, and scrambled eggs. Just when it was ready, Dom, Pete and Trixie turned up.
One of Steve's housemates said, "Well, you look buggered, Trixie."
She blushed and Pete said, "No, she looks well buggered."
Steve looked at Trixie and burst into laughter. She was wearing a T shirt which was far too big for her with the phrase "I'm a Team DP girl" emblazoned across it.
Pete said, "David, can you give Trixie a lift home after breakfast? She says it's only a ten-minute drive."
"It'll be my pleasure."
He felt better for some breakfast inside him not to mention more coffee. Just before he gave Trixie a lift, Dom handed Trixie a team Dom and Pete business card with a PO Box number on it. The "om &" and the "ete" were in low case and very faint.
As he drove her back, Trixie seemed preoccupied. When he stopped outside her digs, she turned to him and said, "Do they despise me for letting them do what they did to me?"
He looked her in the eyes and said, "No. They just think that threesomes are more fun and take pride in making certain the woman enjoys herself as much as they do."
"Is the T shirt boasting that I've been a silly cow?"
"No. The T shirt helps disguise the fact that you are going home in what you wore last night. It mitigates the walk of shame. It's not as though that many people will get the joke."
"Really."
"I wouldn't have before I met them. Frankly until I went to university I thought sex was just about inserting knob A into hole B."
She laughed at him. He blushed, "Ok, I'd had a few hand jobs in the backseat of a car and tit jobs when my girlfriend was having he. period."
"I'll believe you. Is the business card mocking me?"
"The business card means that if you want to give it a whirl again they will be happy to oblige. I hope you enjoyed it."
"It was certainly different. I did have too much to drink last night though." She looked slightly happier, but thoughtful.
"Do you have anything else you want to ask, Trixie?"
"Look, it was fun, and they treated me better than most men I've had one-night stands with. It's just that all my friends now know that I'm a girl whose vagina is big enough to fit two cocks in at the same time."
He said, "Bad luck the music stopped when it did. You could say that both were in your mouth or that you had one at each end. You can even say that you said it as a joke when you heard the music stop."
She laughed ruefully, "I'll think about it. Certainly, after Julie warned me what people heard, I thought I may as well have the full Team DP experience. Do they ask everyone to sign their bra and knickers?"
It was easiest to say "yes" than explain that they only asked for the knickers if anal sex had taken place. He certainly was not going to rub in the fact that she would now be known among her friends as the girl who allowed two men to fuck her at the same time. That was too juicy a piece of gossip to be kept quiet. Most men would treat her with less respect and all of them would take it for granted that she would be up for doing it again at the next party.
The girl was looking wistful again. He wanted to help her. Just because he'd helped and enjoyed watching his friends persuade her into a threesome didn't mean he wanted her to be hurt. He was a voyeur, not a sadist or a misogynist. "Trixie, whatever you decide to do and say about last night, don't let people shame you or humiliate you. Say you were a little drunk, say it was a joke, say it only went so far, but don't let it define who you are."
She looked at him. "I'll live, but thanks for the advice. I'm not a victim and I'm not going to act like I have anything to be ashamed of."
"I'm glad to hear that. It was good to meet you."
"You're sweet. I want to thank you."
She put her hand in his lap and before he knew how to react had his cock in her mouth. Christ she was almost as quick as Pete in clearing the decks for action.
He said, "There's no need."
"So, you're just pretending that you don't despise me."
"Of course not. I have a girlfriend."
"Steve told me that Julie was on her knees last night in front of you when Daniel finally showed up. So, it's OK to cheat with Julie, but I'm a whore not fit to touch your cock."
He sighed, "I would love to be blown by you. I just don't want you to do it because you feel under an obligation."
"I want to do this for me."
It had been a long night and he could not think of any arguments which would not hurt her feelings. Unfortunately, the only way he was able to respond properly to her attentions was to imagine Joanna lying on her front on the kitchen table with Max's dick in her mouth while he and the twelve plus people from last night watched, cheered and laid bets on how much of it she could get in her mouth. Luckily, that worked. He was able to make the right sounds of appreciation and five minutes later he ejaculated into her mouth, and she swallowed it all in two gulps.
She lifted her head, licked her lips, smiled, and reached into her purse. She first produced a handkerchief to clean her mouth with and then handed him a business card of her own with the initials BJ on it. "That was from Julie as well. My full name is Beatrix and you've been serviced by the BJ Squad. By the way you may want to clean the lipstick off your cock before you see your girlfriend again. Your friends can lend you some jelly."
She left the car and then turned back, "Thanks for the suggestion about having two cocks in my mouth at the same time. I'll go with that."
He sat there for a few minutes afterwards shaking his head with disbelief and then laughing. He'd just been guilt tripped into cheating on Joanna by the female equivalent of Pete. He supposed that Pete thought he owed him one for the Villa Park joke.