WARNING: This story includes extremely dark themes, please do not read unless you are interested in such a genre.
Thank you for your generous response from the previous act, whilst these stories are not intended for everyone I do appreciate your feedback and support.
Natural Consequences
Act 2
With crimson morning rays shining through the window, the silhouette of the large oak tree casted itself along the walls of the dorm room. The birds that were nesting busily gathering the final twigs that they needed for the looming winter; chirping merrily as they went about their business. This wonderful morning provided a brief distraction from the scene that laid inside the room, as I laid slumped over a chair my back ached and my legs hurt from an uncomfortable night's sleep.
Beyond the mess of clothes that laid strewn across the floor, my best friend and girlfriend were still sleeping peacefully in my bed; half covered under the crumpled bed sheets. Emily was lying to the side of Dominic so that her arm rested on his chest, her hair and make-up a mess from the night before. They looked so tranquil as their bodies glistened in the early morning sun, to anybody else they would have looked like an endearing couple recovering from an innocent night of pleasure; unfortunately, I knew this was far from the reality.
As I got changed into a fresh pair of clothes, I quietly left the dorm room as to not awake them. Looking back one last time before I closed the door, I gazed upon the once innocent treasure that was Emily; embracing who I had thought had been my trusted best friend. My mind couldn't yet process the immense feeling of pain and betrayal that lay inside, at this moment of time I was merely acting on auto-pilot.
"Hey Matthew!" I heard my friend James call from down the hallway as I quickly fumbled to close the door.
"Hi mate, good morning" I replied as to my relief he hadn't glanced inside in time.
"How was last night? I noticed you talking to Emily," James asked.
For a moment I couldn't almost bring myself to answer such a question, or even to form the words necessary. Eventually I managed a couple... "Went well," I nodded towards my door with a smug grin as we fist bumped each other. Of course, as James continued along the corridor, I knew last night wasn't anything to be smug about in the slightest.
As I heard rummaging from inside the room, I hurried along the corridor yet unable to confront the situation. Not knowing where I would go, or how I could ever act normally around my 'best friend' or 'girlfriend' I just needed away, away from all the pressure, away from all the confusing feelings, and most of all away from whom I had thought were the two most important people in my life.
I took a breath of the fresh autumn air as I stepped outside the dormitory, after what I've been through I welcomed the tranquillity and serenity that the day offered all the more. Campus was slowly starting to awaken, a few drowsy students scuttled about undoubtedly reaping the consequences of the night prior.
On the face of it I too was in no different a circumstance, though as I looked up at the tall almost barren oak tree, it's limbs reaching out towards the façade of the dormitory; inside where Dominic and Emily would be getting ready for the day ahead I knew this was merely denial.
I decided it would be best for everyone to have some space for a while, time to fully process the previous night and time for them to work on their apologies. I took a walk around campus, appreciating the chirping of the birds and the fall of autumnal leaves. Looking at everyone going about their day, from friends to couples that no doubt had never felt even a fraction of the betrayal and humiliation that I had experienced just stirred even more wretchedness inside.
Sitting down on a secluded park bench, that by being shrouded beneath tree cover and circled by lush foliage was often my preferred lunch time location when I eat alone; I felt finally at ease. Closing my eyes, I thought back to the night before, how things had gone wrong from the start; and indeed, how everyone had got totally carried away. Was I to blame for agreeing to a foursome at the start? Or was my critical mistake choosing to watch instead of participating in some form? Albeit at the time, I felt like I had no choice at all.
After all, how could I be to blame, when Dominic was the one that broke his promise and chose to fuck the brains out of my girlfriend? How could I be to blame for all the cruel words that my girlfriend had thrown my way, that purely sought to belittle and to humiliate. The words that had seemed so true last night, providing answers that I had been searching for all my life, yet in the clearness of morning I couldn't bring myself to believe.
However, what hurt most of all, was that these wretched words were spoken by the person whom up until late last night, I was absolutely convinced was the girl of my dreams. And further still, that the one who stole this girl from me in the most wicked of betrayals was my childhood best friend. As these dreadful thoughts plagued my mind I had finally started to grip with what had happened, and now finding myself utterly alone; I buried my head in my hands and began to weep.
I let all my pain out in a wail of raw emotion, not in the least because of the awful events of the night prior; but in addition to the all but unavoidable loss of my relationship with my sweet sweet Emily. I had secretly admired this girl for years, perhaps naively imagined that there could be a small chance that we were destined to be with each other, destined to fall in love, to start a family and to share our passion of architecture. This future had been destroyed, right in front of my eyes by my best friend in a spectacular fashion.
The friend who through the past decade has only been absolutely loyal, respectful, and just great fun to hang out with. I have always tried to see the best in people, and whilst I'm sure Dominic had acted without malice; for the time being I couldn't help weep my heart out at the sheer tragedy of it all.
"Hi, hi," I heard a soft voice call anxiously close-by before I felt the soft embrace of a hug wrap around my chest from behind. As I was gently pated and soothed by this mystery girl, they continued to talk with the most mellow, and wonderfully feminine of voices that I have ever had the pleasure to listen to. "It's okay, it's okay dear, everything is going to be alright. Can you tell me what's wrong, whatever could have happened?" she soothed as she moved positions to kneel in front of me.
"I'mm......... I'm fine.........I'm fine," I replied impulsively, gasping for air in-between every other word as I tried my best to control my emotions, holding my head down in embarrassment all I could see were her gorgeous legs; strikingly revealed by her denim shorts whilst pink All Star boots perhaps hinted to her personality. As I raised my head with eager anticipation to gaze upon this unparalleled beauty; I could immediately tell that this kindness was no mere veneer.
She had long golden hair, that sparkled in the sunlight, a beautiful complexion, an enchanting smile with a hopeful gaze; and an unbelievably magnificent body; that more than rivalled any girl I had ever seen before. For a few moments I was utterly transfixed by her remarkable looks, unable to think about anything else other than how a girl this spectacular could ever pay someone like me any attention.
"What's your name, what's your name?" she asked as she rested an arm around my back, tracing my neck with her soft delicate fingers as I gazed into her magnificent ocean blue eyes.
"I'm Matthew......... I'm Matthew," I replied, the gap between breathless gasps widening as I slowly recovered from my outburst. Throughout my life I had always hated to seem vulnerable, to seem weak. However, as I sat here in front of this mystery girl these worries were at the back of my mind, her sincere compassion and angelic demeanour instantly disarming.
"Come on now Matthew, tell me what's wrong?" she asked as she sat down beside me on the bench.
"Jesus Christ," I laughed, "It's stupid. It's a stupid...... thing to be so upset about," I couldn't help but feel a little bit embarrassed as this mystery girl hung on every word; clearly eager to help me feel better.
"I'm sure it's not stupid Matthew," she soothed.
"Okay.... Okay, my girlfriend cheated on me with my best friend," I let out the unspeakable truth with remarkable ease, finding myself unable to lie to this mystery girl, albeit this was the least embarrassing version of the truth that I could bring myself to tell. "I feel awful, I don't know what to do, I don't know if I want revenge or if I just want everything to be over!" As I looked up to gauge her reaction, I had not expected to be greeted with the same unfaltering smile and hopeful gaze as I had seen before. She seemed so pure, so incorruptible.
"Thank you, thank you for telling me the truth. Trust me I know friends this has happened to, it hurts... it fucking hurts!" It somehow seemed so unbecoming for this mystery girl to swear, yet it helped drive her message home all the more as she paused for a moment to think, "I guess, I guess you need to think about the kind of people that you choose to have in your life. If they aren't there for you, as you are for them; it's not worth it. You need to cut toxic people out of your life," every word seemed so true and reassuring.
My tears and breathing now under control as I met her affectionate gaze, even though we had just met moments earlier I felt completely at peace within her soothing company. Time had almost slowed to a still, and as a few leaves drifted down from the upper canopies as if in slow-motion I allowed myself to be overawed by her beauty. "Thank you," were the only words I managed to speak as she reached forward; cradling me within her warm embrace whilst she began to whisper into my ear.
"I know you're strong Matthew. It takes a real man to be able to show their emotions, to allow themselves to be vulnerable. Yes, you're feeling pain now, though you can get past this. In time you can find the person that is right for you, all it takes is a little bravery and perseverance." Although I wasn't under any impression that such a search wouldn't be simple, from listening to this mystery girl life at least life seemed worth living again; that I could have meaning.
We must have sat there for five minutes, as I rested my head against her soft lap only a gentle breeze and a few hurried gasps of air betrayed the calming silence. She gently stroked my hair, all the while continuing to smile with the same hopeful glint in her eyes. "Thank you," I said once more as I sat back up next to her, in this moment quite unable to provide adequate gratitude in return for the comfort and solace that I had found within her caring embrace.
"I'll be brave, I'll get through this," I stated with complete confidence.
"Good, glad to hear," she smiled as she stood up and started to stroll away through the glistening meadow; a few psychology books peeking out from her half-unzipped backpack as this mystery girl disappeared as swiftly and as graciously as she had arrived.
As I dried the tears from my cheeks, my God was I enamoured! Never before had I felt such a raw connection, never before had I seen a more wonderous girl, and never before had I been so filled with undying optimism. A newfound self-confidence was coursing through my being, as I felt ready to confront the day, ready to confront Emily and Dominic with how I truly felt, and ready if necessary to ruthlessly cut them out of my life if they didn't respond apologetically.
• • •
Arriving back at my dormitory, I figured Emily would have probably stayed to have breakfast. Although I was by no means looking forward to what could be a very awkward conversation, especially if anybody else was to overhear; I knew it was important for everyone's benefit. I figured we must all be just as confused by what happened last night, and undoubtably regretting the betrayal that had occurred.
As I walked down the corridor, I peeked through the ajar door into my room; that had been left in an absolute mess. Not that I would have expected a freshly made bed from knowing Dominic, I was still disappointed to see the bed sag in the middle where the springs had broken, as well as the bed sheets and pillows cum stained. Furthermore, Dominic's clothes were still left strewn randomly across the room much to my annoyance and bafflement.
I walked into the kitchen already slightly dumb founded, to find Emily and Dominic sitting beside each other on the sofa eating breakfast alone and initially oblivious to my presence. Emily seemingly had nicked one of my woollen jumpers, that by being oversized and dropping just below her panties; was incredibly hot and also incredibly revealing. Meanwhile Dominic sat chomping away at his cereal in all but his boxer briefs, clearly this was a man that had nothing to be ashamed off when it came to his physical appearance.
"Hello guys," I spoke softly as I sat down in front of them, dreading the initial awkwardness.
"Hey Matthew!" much to my surprise Dominic shouted with his all too characteristic enthusiasm upon my greeting, "didn't know where you had gone, last night was incredible! Still hard to make sense of what happened, though wasn't it an awesome foursome?"
I sat still, absolutely amazed, and unable to respond, either verbally or through expressions. Emily nervously smiled; it was clear she wasn't ignorant of what had happened the night before. Even though up until this point I had mostly admired Dominic's blissful ignorance, by now this trait of his just started to prove exasperating.
"Hi boyfriend, hope you don't mind I stole your jumper?" Emily caught me off guard before I could press Dominic on what he had just said; her coy expression and unbelievably hot get up hard to overlook. She clearly knew last night had gone way too far, and was going on the charm offensive, and it very almost succeeded.
"It's fine, you do look incredibly cute," I admitted, and for a brief moment as I gazed upon her gorgeousness I hoped that our relationship might still be salvageable.
"Anyway mate," Dominic continued with his inane enthusiasm, "Last night was the best foursome I've ever had, best sex I've ever had!"
"It wasn't a foursome," I mumbled.
"Sorry?" Dominic replied not quite hearing what I had said.
"It wasn't a foursome," I repeated.
There was a moment of silence before he replied, "Oh yea! Alice did leave at one point you're right. We'll have to do this some point again though, was great fun! Did you see how I lifted Emily up in the air towards the end? Jesus Christ, I've never done that before!"
This conversation wasn't going the direction I had intended in the slightest, and I was amazed by how innocent and non-cholent Dominic could be while he boasted about how he had fucked my girlfriend right in front of my eyes! Clearly to him there had been no betrayal, we agreed to have a foursome and for the most part that was what had happened.
"Oh yes I agree. Last night was the best sex I've ever had too. You were incredible Dominic! And you were surprisingly good as well Matthew!" Emily just had to slip in such an under-handed remark.
"Why was it the best sex you've ever had?" I asked deciding to overlook this insult; since I was much more eager for the truth to be revealed. As Emily blushed recalling the night before, and as she started to look all flustered and embarrassed I couldn't almost believe she was going to admit it. For how could she have the audacity to reveal such a terrible truth?
"I think, I think," she laboured over her words carefully, "I think, I think it was because you were there Matthew. I think it was because my loving boyfriend was there, watching," she blushed and giggled as I struggled to comprehend how she had described such a terrible fetish so innocently, as if there was nothing to be ashamed about; rather a testament to the connection we enjoyed as a couple.
"You enjoy me watching you get fucked by Dominic?" unable to quite mask the condemnation in my voice as I asked this dreadful question.
"Yes, I know it's awful, though whenever I started to say those terrible things to you Matthew... it just, it just felt too good! I know I should be sorry, but I'm really not. It just felt so fucking good! And besides, it looked like you enjoyed yourself!" I couldn't hardly believe that these words were coming from my sweet Emily in the light of day, and almost without any inhibition. Up until this point I had been totally convinced that last night had simply gone too far, and that they both would have deeply regretted everything that happened.
"Jesus Christ. If I'm honest that's kind of messed up..." added Dominic, "though as long as I get to fuck a gorgeous girl, I'm more than happy to play along if you guys are. Many people have weird fetishes after all."
The conversation had developed into just about the worst direction I could have imagined. Nevertheless, I had managed to learn Emily and Dominic's true desires; even if as far as I was concerned this was at the total expense of our relationship. Before I made up my mind I contemplated if I were the one overreacting to a relatively harmless fetish, then as I recalled all the pain and the humiliation of the night prior, and the clear words of advice from the mystery girl; the choice was simple.
I controlled my anger for one final question, "did you mean those words that you said to me Emily?" In response my girlfriend smiled, blushed, and acted all innocent as if suddenly oblivious as to what I was talking about. Was this just a game to her? Just a fetish? Regardless, at least for now I was happy to play along. "How you said that Dominic was much better than me? Did you mean that?" We looked intensely into each other eyes; our expressions emotionless as I knew the final hope of our relationship rested upon her response.
"Did you not agree?" were the only words she muttered, the only words necessary to turn the tables; and infuriatingly she was correct. As I focused my whole attention on restraining the raging anger within, now vehemently regretting everything that I had said last night; suddenly Emily reached out her arm and grabbed Dominic's cock through his boxer briefs much to my astonishment.
"Shit stop!" Dominic protested as his huge cock almost instantly became erect in response to her touch, the colossal outline leaving almost nothing to the imagination as the head peaked out above the boxer briefs and Dominic moaned in conflicted pleasure all the while Emily continued to pull hard. "Stop please, anybody could walk in shit," however this was the height of his protesting as I sat stunned; watching as Emily continue to masturbate my best friend.
"Didn't you say that you were just an ant in comparison?" Emily mocked as she pulled harder and harder on the huge cock; Dominic dropping his cereal to the ground as he struggled to contain the pleasure. "Didn't you say it was just natural for Dominic to be with me Matthew? Why don't you just sit back, and watch how a real man fucks your girlfriend."
I had said all these things in the heat of the moment when I had been pushed beyond the edge of all rational by a series of awful circumstances, even if I had believed these words at the time this was no longer the case. Today was a new day, and I wasn't for a second going to relinquish all my remaining self-respect and dignity merely for the sake of some twisted fantasy.
Just this morning my confidence and self-worth had been bolstered by a magnificent mystery girl, who had been able to recognise bravery and strength that up until this moment had laid dormant deep within. Emily hadn't counted on this, and it was with this renewed courage that I was able to reveal my true feelings; by allowing the anger that had been slowly building up to take hold.
Standing up abruptly, flipping the table and shouting, "FUCK YOU EMILY! Only a sick piece of shit gets pleasure from their boyfriend watching them get fucked! I thought you were kind and caring.... You're not any of those fucking things!" they both looked up at me stunned as Emily immediately stopped pulling on Dominic's cock. Even if my words weren't particularly clever or hard-hitting unleashing my anger felt invigorating, an unfamiliar power was coursing through my veins as I spoke every word with utter conviction and venomous indignation
"You expect me to give up on all hope, on self-worth, on love, just to fulfil your sick fantasies? Fuck that! We're done Emily! You worthless whore!" as my tirade changed direction I couldn't hardly believe my resolve, "And it's not called a fucking fetish Dominic! It's called fucking your best friends girlfriend without a care, breaking your promise... and breaking my fucking bed in the process!!"
As I headed towards the door leaving them both absolutely astounded, now perfectly assured in my own abilities through this new energising power, I turned to face them with a confident spin and shouted, "and clean up your own fucking dishes, and my fucking bed! OR ELSE!"
• • •
I had left in such a storm that I wasn't quite prepared for the day ahead, forgetting breakfast, my notebook, that in addition to the consequences of an uncomfortable night's sleep made me feel particularly wretched. However, these feelings although not insignificant, paled in comparison to a new exhilarating power that had taken hold ever since I had let out all my frustrations in the most vicious of outbursts. I felt a new form of confidence, that by being built upon a solid bedrock of tangible results was no longer merely a façade.
I felt proud of myself, even if my earlier tirade were long overdue, and even if any normal boyfriend would have responded in such fashion long before last night escalated too far. I marvelled at the turn of circumstances, that had saw me emerging from last night's torment and out of my relationship with the girl of my dreams of greater confidence and resolve than I had ever had. Was it all thanks to this mystery girl that I had met in the park? Or perhaps, she had merely helped me recognise my own self-worth and latened potential.
Of course, a critic might just say I'm overcompensating, that this new confidence is merely a coping mechanism in order to place last night in perspective; to somehow give what happened last night meaning. However, as I strode about campus I didn't care in the slightest; I had always tended to overthink situations and for now I just needed to try my best to forget everything that had happened in the past 24 hours.
Coming into the lecture theatre I purposefully sat away from where Emily would normally sit, joining my friend James as we sat down for an hour of much welcomed tedium. Emily had uncharacteristically arrived 20 minutes late to class, though since this was an all too common experience for the typical student no one even noticed; and I merely assumed she must have needed some extra time to recover from my outburst.
"Hey Matthew, why are you not sitting with your new girlfriend?" James asked.
Initially my mind raced as to what to say, trying to think of what elaborate excuses could I create to explain why we had chosen to sit separately. However, I couldn't bring myself to lie to people any longer, feeling confident enough to be perfectly honest even if a bit economical with the truth, "I broke up with her, we weren't the best fit."
"That's unfortunate Matthew, she is an incredible girl. Hope you're doing alright," James sympathised.
Of course, James would think Emily had broken up with me, because who in their right mind would break-up with a girl as gorgeous as her. However, beyond a slight dent in my confidence I didn't care. James obviously doesn't know the full picture; he doesn't know how cruel and twisted Emily can be. To everybody else at university, all they see is this adorably kind, considerate and shy façade. I figured that at least in this respect, Emily and I were similar; living under false pretences.
As the lecture slowly ran it's time, I let my mind wonder as to what I hoped for my future. If I were bold, I could land a great paying job, a good circle of friends, and a kind and caring wife (NOT EMILY) with the hope of a few lovely children. Of course, the vast majority of guys my age would never think of such ideas; most guys were at the best only as far thinking as mid-term exams and at worst the rather intricate matter of who would be their next conquest. This I believe marked myself at an advantage, I knew the future I wanted; and I knew the man I needed to be to achieve it.
As the day aged on, I realised that despite this newfound confidence day to day would remain mostly the same. I did however feel more comfortable around friends, took more punts to tell jokes or stories that whilst not always funny or particularly interesting; allowed me to enjoy myself. This wasn't a revolution, rather a slight change in the right direction that I was more than happy about.
Finally grabbing some lunch, I even I joined my other friends in the students union cafeteria (usually I eat alone) These little differences, and comforts helped me feel a lot better. For the good part of an hour I actually found myself not thinking about what had happened last night at all, adsorbed with good company and mediocre food that at least abated my intense hunger from missing breakfast.
The remainder of the day was spent in studio, a large open space with a series of connected desks that was available to the whole year to work in. For once in my 3 years at this course, I was thankful that my table was placed in the far corner away from Emily even if today she hadn't showed up. This was also a perfectly normal occurrence, since most people tended to prefer working from the privacy of their dorms; this being especially true for a shut-in like me.
Nevertheless, today I found myself working at my table into the late hours of the evening, perhaps to avoid heading back to my dormitory and to distract myself through rigorous work of any thoughts involving Emily or Dominic. I enjoyed my work, it's repetitive side I found relaxing; there was rarely uncertainty.
Despite this effort, as I walked across the long sweeping shadows of the university buildings back towards my dorm I couldn't avoid wondering what Dominic and Emily had gotten up to today. For a brief moment I even wondered if I had been too harsh, that poor Emily didn't deserve such treatment.
Walking past the playing fields coming into sight of the dormitory, and as I found myself staring blankly into space I realised that I was feeling slightly guilty for my earlier outburst. Although I was in my believe fully justified, despite double standards I had always refrained from causing any upset to girls for the sake of my own morality. Nevertheless, I wasn't planning in the slightest to apologise.
• • •
Walking down the corridor towards my dorm I dreaded what would await me, I very much doubted Dominic or Emily would have spent the considerable time needed to clean the room. However, as I eked my door open, I was surprised to see Dominic finish laying the bed with fresh sheets and pillows. "Oh, hi Dominic, thanks for doing this and sorry about earlier," I found these words had just instinctively slipped out.
"Hey Matthew! No worries bro, just.... Just made Emily lose control. I don't think either of us were expecting this, though for what it's worth; I'm sorry that I got a bit carried away yesterday," Dominic replied. Although this was an exceedingly casual apology for fucking my girlfriend, from knowing him for years I knew there hadn't been anything vindictive about the affair and that he hadn't purposefully hurt me. He was still a good friend, who despite getting carried away one night; clearly still cared about our friendship.
"Look mate, it's all in the past now. Don't worry about it," I replied as I padded him on the shoulder.
"Thanks Matthew, won't happen again. And just tell me if you ever want to talk about anything? I know it can be hard when things don't work out with someone, I know you had really admired Emily," I could tell Dominic was trying to be as supportive and understanding as possible mostly to make up for what he did; yet nevertheless I appreciated the sentiment.
"And the same goes with you mate," I replied as we learned in for one of those clichéd manly hugs that's nature necessitated minimum body touching.
"Oh, and Emily said she would wash and return your jumper. Sad things didn't work out in-between you two, she was incredibly cute," Dominic sounded so sincere and heartfelt I couldn't even dare bring up who's fault this whole situation arguably was.
"I know, she was something else.... Look want to have dinner?" looking out the window the creeping shadows had now merged into a single darkness, night had descended upon campus.
As we walked into the kitchen, only a couple of other students were seated in the corner talking quietly. Looking over to the countertop, I was amazed to see all the dishes cleaned and put away. Although this was our arrangement, and I had even explicitly told Dominic earlier today to do so; I was still impressed to see him put in such an effort as he so rarely did. As I was about to thank him for his hard work I was cut off, "Also don't worry about dinner mate! I'll handle it tonight, just sit down."
Sitting down by the table, I couldn't almost recognise this new Dominic; I didn't even know he was capable of cooking! "It's like we're dating!" I joked, and as we both chuckled I started to realise how much I missed the old times, we used to just hang out and tell stupid jokes all night long over a videogame or two. So much has changed, yet at the core; our relationship still feels the same as it always has.
After 20 minutes or so of mindless scrolling through Instagram, seeing all the pretentious nonsense of the day that my friends had decided to share; dinner was ready. Consisting of a couple simple bowls of pasta the same I had always cooked minus garlic bread sides, there was nothing particularly impressive. However, coming from Dominic the sentiment was everything, even if the pasta was slightly overcooked.
"Do you remember back in school.... When we had to grab every chance just talk to each other. In-between classes, before classes, being in different years didn't help our friendship!" Dominic reminisced. Whilst I remembered Dominic merely being too busy hanging out with his popular friends, it was nice to see how Dominic had recollected the situation.
"Yea, that seems like a long time ago. It's crazy, crazy how things change," I replied.
"I don't know. Seems to me everything has stayed the same, apart from being at university that is," Dominic pondered, "we've been good friends through all those years. At times more so or less so, though we've always pulled through."
"That's true. And who knows, maybe after university my architectural practice can hire you as their lawyer," we chuckled blissfully.
"Or you can design our new law offices," he replied.
We both contemplated this vision, of course we both knew it was only a pipedream that would never materialise. In less than a year I would graduate, and although I would plan to return for my master's degree after a placement in industry it was doubtful this would be at the same university. I think we both knew we would drift apart again, as had happened when I had left for university. If perhaps I was the only one far-thinking enough to realise this sad future, I could tell such a separation would undoubtedly hurt Dominic when the time came.
"Look again mate," Dominic broke the silence, "I'm really sorry about what happened. You know we're good friends don't you?"
"Yes," I smiled.
"Won't ever happen again, I can promise you that Matthew," I was thankful to see Dominic was finally taking his betrayal seriously if a little bit surprised to see such a dramatic and sudden change in attitude since this morning. Cleary my little outburst had had its effect, if a little extreme. We enjoyed eating the remainder of our dinner reminiscing upon our shared past, and what the year ahead might hold, reviving the connection and understanding that had always been the hallmarks of our unique relationship.
However, this moment of sincerity was soon interrupted by a new arrival to the kitchen, the tall gorgeous blonde called Iris that I had met a few days ago walked up to the table. "Hey guys," she greeted, she seemed like a totally different person tonight, from her warm welcome, to the classy clothes she wore; it was clear that either she was not a morning person or Dominic had drained all her energy from that one night of passion.
"Hey Iris. Sorry Matthew, promised Iris we would meet up tonight to knock boots, hope you don't mind?" Dominic explained.
"Of course not," I genuinely didn't, if anything I was all too happy to see things returning to the status quo. "Here, how about you two loves bunnies get off to business, and I'll tidy up here!" Although I couldn't quite believe I had said such a sentence much to everyone's embarrassment; Dominic and Iris did seem excited above all else.
"Thanks mate!" he replied as pounced on Iris like a wild animal, swooping her up in his arms as he carried her out of the kitchen. Getting up to clean the dishes I chuckled, perhaps nothing has changed since school.
• • •
Whilst cleaning the dishes, I was happy that my faith had at least been partially fulfilled in my relationship with Dominic. Of course, my total forgiveness would require more than a simple clean-up, a poorly cooked dinner, and a bit of reminiscing, time could only heal the deepest of wounds. It seemed at heart that Dominic was a good guy, though it was clear that his sex drive could get the best of him at times.
I wondered how Emily was doing, although it was too much to hope that she would have to be consoled by a group of friends in order overcome the heartbreak of our break-up; as selfish as it may be I did want her to be more than just a little bit sad; she had hurt me, and I wanted her to hurt. However, most of all I hoped that we could be equal now and learn to forgive each other.
As I walked back to my room, I noticed the tell-tale sock hanging on the doorknob of Dominic's door and the muffled cries of pleasures emanating from inside. Of course, since we all had our own rooms, placing a sock on the doorknob was the most peculiar thing to do. The only explanation is that he wanted people to know that he was having sex, that is if the cries of pleasure wasn't enough. Or perhaps the lock simply didn't work... regardless the reason I wasn't intending to find out.
After getting changed into my pyjamas I collapsed onto the bed, appreciating the scent of fresh blankets as I tried to mask the cries of pleasure by distracting myself with thoughts about university work in a futile attempt to get some proper sleep. Of course, this task was in no way aided by the poor state of the bed, the few springs that Dominic had broken were going to result in another uncomfortable night's sleep.
At first I refrained from even thinking about what was happening next door, by being content and satisfied with myself and my relationship with Dominic I felt no need. However, Iris was slowly becoming louder, and her moans more passionate. Still I resisted, I wouldn't let myself be tempted as I had before; I had a newfound confidence that would require much more than a few wails of pleasure to shake. After a week of listening to Dominic fucking the brains out of an endless line of gorgeous girls I had become almost accustomed to the muffled moans.
"Oh my GOD DOMINIC! You're the best, you know that?" I heard Iris moan as she supposedly welcomed Dominic's huge cock inside her. "Nobody has ever fucked me better, do you understand how exceptional you are....? Oh, OH F-fuuuucK!" as usual their compliments would trial off into uncontainable obscenities as their whole world was rocked.
"Oh, trust me, I know. I'm the best at fucking hot girls like you, giving you exactly what you need with my huge cock!" Dominic grunted as I heard the thrashing intensify, although Dominic was normally modest, it seemed when he had sex his competitive side was fully unleashed.
Being alone with a girl, it did not seem as if exercised any reserve whatsoever. From the sweet vibrations coursing through this stunning blonde's body, to the orgasmic cries of unrepented joy, Dominic would know full well that he was dominating this poor girl's every desire. In fact, I figured he wanted his girls to know that every gyration, every overpowering thrust, and every orgasmic inducing penetration was perfectly planned to reap the spectacular consequences they all craved so much.
"Jesus Christ, you're a fucking arrogant ass hole aren't you?" I heard Iris moan seemingly deriving enjoyment from Dominic's fuckboy attitude. It didn't seem either were sparing a single thought as to the noises they were making as Iris completely relinquished control, screaming in pleasure as she cherished being used purely as a whore, purely for Dominic's enjoyment.
Although I couldn't help picture the incredibly hot scene in my eyes, like something out of the most incredible porn video that you could ever have watched; this wasn't what was going to push me towards the edge. As Iris screamed her lungs out, as I heard the bed shake and Dominic grunt with immense fervour; suddenly I started having flashbacks to the night before. As I laid in bed restraining every urge to give into temptation, Iris moans and cries of unbridled joy became those of my sweet Emily who was being savagely fucked right before my eyes.
Somehow the image was still perfectly clear, every divine curve of her voluptuous body revealed in wondrous detail, her lush brunette hair shaking from side to side, her adorably shy demeanour slowly being overpowered. All while Dominic knew full well of the devastating consequences that his remarkable thrusts would reap, every night he had fucked another gorgeous girl into Cloud 9, and Emily clearly had been no different to the rest.
For some reason, the feelings of inadequacy that had gripped my poor soul for most of yesterday night, had ushered their return at this moment in and amongst some of the most confusing and awfuly erotic feelings that I have ever experienced.
My jealousy for Dominic having an endless line of stunning girls to choose from, compounded upon his raw talent for shattering their wildest sexual expectations; was both infuriating and for some unthinkable reason extremely arousing. Though above all it was his almost childish innocence, his blasé attitude as he seemingly stumbled from girl to girl living the life any man would dream of was what was most maddening.
As I thought back to how Dominic had often become carried way, not caring who he fucked or where he fucked them; something started to not seem right. As I summoned every measure of self-control to not abandon the regained dignity of the day, as I tried to mask out the illicit screams from next door; my mind raced to think what I could have missed. "Oh shit, oh shit, OH SHIT!" squealed Iris as Dominic lived up to what must now be everyone's expectations on this floor of the dormitory.
I didn't have much pause for thought in-between the stream of obscenities and the illicit dirty talk coming from next door, as I slowly pieced together the events of the day. From my triumphant tirade in early morning, to a perfectly tedious day at university; followed by a surprisingly apologetic and conscientious Dominic. "Here take my cock in your mouth," Dominic's grumble interrupted my thoughts before the unyielding cries of pleasure ceased, presumably a result of slamming his thick shaft straight down her throat.
"That's it, oh God..... uuggh.... UGHHH, you must be the second best at sucking my cock do you know that?" Dominic moaned as Iris avidly devoured his huge member. As my hand clasped around my quivering dick, my thoughts a mess as I wondered why Dominic had been so apologetic this evening, who had been the best at sucking his cock?.... and finally, as if in a moment of divination why Emily had needed to wash my jumper before returning it? "Ugggh, UGH! I'm going to.... OH FUCK! I'm going to cum all over you!" I heard Dominic scream from next door as all the pieces finally joined together.
Jumping off my bed, and opening my cabinet drawer in a mad panic, there was indeed my jumper neatly folded; yet absolutely slavered in copious amounts of dried thick cum. I froze still for a second, not wanting to believe that as soon as I had left the kitchen earlier today, after my seemingly successful outburst; that Dominic and Emily had just fucked like mad. My heart raced as I began to fathom how utterly useless my outburst must have been, how my words must have merely fuelled the sick desires of Emily as she lunched on top of Dominic right atop of the sofa.
As I fell back onto my bed, trousers lowered, I began shamefully jerking off as the moans from next door helped imagine the scene of Emily riding Dominic cowgirl atop the sofa as his huge cock penetrated her tantalising cunt. Emily wearing nothing but my jumper as Dominic grasped her bare ass, heaving himself up into her as any sympathy for his best friend was once again quickly absolved through pure animal lust.
As their loins wrapped around each other, as Dominic delivered orgasm upon orgasm right into her juddering body; this daring sprawl continued without any care for who might walk in. My unforgiving imagination both torturous, and extremely erotic as I continued to pitifully tug away at my cock. "OH FUCK!" Dominic grunted from next door, "I can't hold on any longer..... Ughh, UGHH, UGGGGHHH!!! OH SHIT" while in my imagination he towered over Emily's radiating body, her eager expression beckoning fourth the inevitable eruption.
Then suddenly as my hand continued to jerk off at an incredible pace, both Dominic next door and in my imagination exploded, sending an inordinate amount of thick cum spewing in all directions. As my mind imagined Emily being totally covered in the thick copious liquid yet choosing to purposefully return the cum-stained jumper; I buckled and within a mere minute from start to finish I had pathetically dribbled out a couple of meagre streaks of jizz into my hands. "Holly shit, that was fucking incredible!" I heard Dominic pant from next door.
I fell back onto my bed, I laid for a moment totally bereft of all self-respect and dignity; having just pathetically jerked off to the mere thought of my best friend fucking my ex-girlfriend. As the high of the orgasm slowly passed, more of the guilt-ridden shame overcame my every thought. How had I allowed myself to fail? To sink so low? Today had meant to be a new day, I had confronted Dominic and Emily; and yet somehow I ended up once again with only a cum-stained hand to show for.
"I'll be ready again in 5 minutes," I heard Dominic pant still breathless from the undoubtably incredible fuck. Thus, as my feelings of guilt and self-pity slowly transformed into a burning frustration, as much as it was clear that I wouldn't have a chance to sleep for quite some time I also knew that I needed some sort of redemption; some form of revenge to set things right.
• • •
Although my sleep had by no means been comfortable, owing to my broken bed and the several interruptions throughout the night from next door; anything beat sleeping on a chair as I had the night previous. As I woke I was greeted with yet another still autumn day, the final few leaves drifting down from the oak tree as I peered through the window. As a few students who had early classes drifted through the campus, I was at least thankful that I had today free.
I looked over at the architectural model sat on the table, due to how much effort it had required it merely stood as a monument to how eager I had been to please Emily, so desperate for requited love. Although the model was a bitter reminder of her betrayal, my effort would at least not be wasted since now I could have some much-appreciated free time.
I grabbed a quick breakfast in the kitchen before I could be joined my Dominic, trying my best not to dwell on what had happened in this room the day before as I finished my cereal. I decided to go on a walk, appreciating the trusted beauty that nature always had to offer as my mind fleeted back to that chance encounter in the park yesterday. Although at the time the interaction hadn't been remotely romantic, her soothing words still resonated and shone true; and I wondered if there might be a future.
If not for myself, I needed to strive to be stronger, to be more selfless in every sense of the word so that I can help those that truly matter live better lives. No matter how hard such a struggle can be, and not withstanding certain inevitable setbacks; fighting the good fight is always admirable. The worst thing for anyone to do is to give-up, to give up on those around them, to give up on their dreams, and most of all to give up on yourself. Looking beyond the childish simplicity of such a message, at this moment in my life I still couldn't attempt to deny it's truth.
I allowed my mind to wonder as I have many a time in lecture theatres, during lunch times, when I sat alone and any other spare moment I might have had, as to what the future might hold. In truth I had never been under the impression that Emily was the one for me for certain, I had always known that it was premature and selfish to presume that she would return my love. As evidenced by this chanced encounter, the world is vast, and held laying within are many an opportunity to find your true soulmate.
This cute mystery girl who I didn't even know her name, who had consoled me, and steered me in the right direction; was perhaps a good start. Not only astonishingly gorgeous, kind, caring and assuredly pure of heart; I could tell she shared the same die-hard optimism to always see the best in people as I did. Whilst this trait of mine has been tested lately beyond the upper limits of its capacity, I did still manage to recognise that Emily and Dominic were just trying to enjoy themselves the best they could.
If I was going to ever enjoy university life to even a fraction of Dominic's level, I was going to have to embody a similar spirt to live life in the moment and grasp every opportunity. For the time being, that involved arranging lunch with my friend Alice who studied psychology; and hoping beyond hope that she might know this mystery girl who had had phycology books inside her backpack.
Since the university was located within the outskirts of a large city, as with many students that quickly whittled away their monthly living expenditure from their rich parents or university loans; from time to time I as well enjoyed the odd up-market café. Alice was happy to attend; it was nice to have a simple lunch with a friend within the all too common industrial chic of such places. Albeit dependent on if we managed to overcome the glaring unease and awkwardness of confronting the events earlier this week, that Alice had participated in and had indeed attempted to stop.
"Hi Matthew, how have you been?" she asked all too sympathetically.
"I'm fine," I replied as we sipped on our coffees and awaited our overpriced sandwiches.
"If you're okay sharing, would you mind telling me what happened when I left you that night?" she asked; I couldn't hardly bear to dwell on the past any longer, so I somewhat avoided the question.
"I'm done with Emily. I don't need that toxicity in my life, and as for Dominic, as you've said; I'm trying my best not to take it personally."
She looked compassionately towards me, her face of genuine pity somewhat patronizing as the heartbreak of the situation wasn't lost on her. She reached out and held my hand soothingly on the table, her delicate index finger caressing my touch as I was in half a mind to violently swing my arm away in infuriation. "It's okay, life is going to be okay. You seem so strong, so stoic!" she smiled as she gazed into my eyes, "Though it's also okay to just let it all out sometimes, to just cry! Too many men keep it all bottled up inside, because it's not 'manly' to show their true feelings."
Although it seemed that I didn't have much of a problem letting my emotions known, and despite Alice's best intentions; I couldn't hardly stand being talked to like this. Alice must have figured I had arranged lunch to be comforted, although this was totally understandable, I didn't want to seem weak. "I've said I'm fine," I replied gently, "yes what they did angers me, and whilst I wouldn't want anything more than to have my revenge, I know there is a better person waiting out there for me. Someone who will actually love me for who I am."
"Yes, exactly Matthew, that's the attitude! There is plenty of fish in the sea as they say," she laughed, and I tried my best to feign a smile at this tiresome humour she continued, "I would just say, I would just be careful that you're not moving on too quickly. People need time to deal with a break-up, and the last thing you want is for your next relationship to merely be a rebound.... Or merely an effort to make your ex-jealous. We've all been there."
Whilst Alice made a fair point, I knew this mystery girl was different, she had understood my problems and was the reason why I had recovered from this awful situation so unscathed. She had recognised the flickers of potential still left within and helped me to nurture those flickers into something much stronger. I felt that I ought to cease every opportunity I could, any delay might just result in further setbacks.
"Look Alice," I decided to change the direction of our conversation as our food arrived, "there is this one girl that I met in the park yesterday, she was so special, and we connected instantly! I honestly organised this lunch as I hoped you might know her, since I think she is a psychology student as well. Sorry for not telling you earlier."
"You know there are literally hundreds of psychology students, mostly female," she laughed affectionately as I realised that she had made another fair point.
"Well... well, none like this. She has the most beautiful lush golden hair, vivid blue eyes, a body any man would die for! Though most of all, she is kind, confident and a total girl's girl!" of course as I continued listing her numerous amazing attributes I did at least realise that this description was utterly superfluous to Alice, however by being completely enamoured I couldn't help myself. Alice listened graciously, with a slight smirk that indicated she realised something I hadn't.
"Sounds like you really like her," Alice said amicably before handing me her phone, "scroll through, you'll hopefully find her there," as I searched through her Facebook friends assorted by university. Beyond a bit of embarrassment as I realised that this would have been a much simpler way to find her from the start, I was at least thankful a few minutes later when I stumbled upon her unmistakeable profile picture.
"Oh, yea that's Aine', one of the most intelligent in our year. Don't really know her well though, too girly for my taste," she laughed as I showed her the profile before I recorded the contact information.
We talked some more as we finished the remainder of our lunch, trying to change the topic and enjoy each other's company the best we could. This was a welcomed break from the torment of last few days, and as we payed the bill before heading our separate ways back to campus; I was confident that this mystery girl would be my path towards salvation.
• • •
I would leave it a few days before I would take any further action, in part to allow myself to fully process the 'break-up' in my relationship with Emily; and to hopefully asway any worries this mystery girl might have that this was merely a rebound manoeuvre.
During this time, I kept myself busy with my university work, whilst always avoiding Emily the best I could. Of course, this might have been slightly difficult with the technology project that we shared, though thankfully since I had finished my share of the work I could ignore her for the most part. It was odd however not meeting her at lunch or sitting beside her at lectures. In the true sense of the word I had lost a good friendship, that had lasted far longer than our brief romantic relationship.
Meanwhile, whilst I tried to give Dominic the silent treatment the best I could, it was always hard to stay mad at the man for any long period of time. Thankfully, whilst most nights he continued to have sex with a new stunning girl or even girls that he had picked up at a club that always kept me up into the small hours of the morning; at least for the time being he seemed to be sticking to his promise not to be with Emily. Although I couldn't be certain since one night he never returned back to his room, on this occasion I was just thankful to get some shut eye for once.
When these few days had passed and despite my ambitions to cease every opportunity, I still found it hard to work up the courage to call Aine' over Facebook as I nervously paced up and down the floor of my dorm room. It would of course be strange that I had her contact information, and this was besides the fear that she wouldn't remotely be romantically interested. I was at least certain that we had had some form of a connection, though I was yet unsure if it could be built upon into a proper relationship.
However, it was her own words, 'all it takes is a little bravery and perseverance,' that eventually convinced me to start the call. Personally, I always found talking to people over the phone less nerve-wrecking as compared to meeting them in person, nevertheless this call would be difficult and would invariably test if I had successfully regained my confidence.
"Hello? This is Matthew from the other day, my friend Alice from your year gave me your number. I'm sure this is strange for you, though I just wanted to say thank you, thank you for helping me through this.
"Oh, hi Matthew, no need to thank me, how are you?" she sounded as sweet as ever if a little surprised.
I left a gap of a few seconds so that my words might have more resonance, "I'm good. I feel ready, ready to let myself out there. And I know this probably sounds crazy to you, though I felt like we had a really good connection. I was hoping that you might, might be interested to see if we could take things further?"
"Oh, wow Matthew, that's so sweet! Really it is very sweet, though are you sure it's not too soon?" Aine' replied.
"Aine' if I can call you that? When you met me in the park, I wasn't ready. I was utterly defeated and wallowing in self-pity and remorse. Though you helped me recognise that I'm worth so much more, and that I can offer so much more to the world. I've never felt as assured, as self-confident, or as convinced as right now asking you if would like to be my girlfriend? If I dare be so bold?" Rarely in my life had I been so honest, so assured, nor so eloquent in the words that I spoke.
After a moment of excruciating silence Aine' replied, "Sure Matthew, how could I refuse? You sound like a totally different person, it's frankly wonderful." My whole world brightened as soon as she said these lovely words, they filled me with hope and inspiration. Finally, I was moving on, and I couldn't be happier.
We agreed to meet up later at a club, I left alone and made sure not to tell Dominic. This wasn't in due part to any particular apprehension that I had, rather I felt that for the time being this mystery girl ought to be mine alone to adore; as with our first encounter in the park. I'm sure there would be plenty of opportunities to boast to my friends later as every boyfriend inevitably desires.
As we met up, her beauty still as apparent under the guise of the night sky, I marvelled at how everything seemed so natural. Perhaps our first surreal encounter in the park, had helped mature our relationship already to a stage that most couples only reach after weeks. We just clicked, the same can't hardly be said of my brief relationship with Emily that had initially felt a bit uneasy and tense.
Whilst there is only so much you can discover about someone at a noisy club, alcohol mixed with dancing somehow seemed so much more enjoyable and effortless when I was with Aine', making for a fun few hours and a perfect first 'date'. Whilst such a venue would never be my first choice, it did seem to be the ubiquitous first step in any college relationship I had known.
Afterwards I escorted her back to her dorm, slightly wobbly as we made our way back through the eery suburbs towards campus. Walking arm in arm I felt so protective, as if I were guarding a precious jewel amidst a den of inequity. I felt so lucky, so blessed, as I reflected that for this entire night I had been able to forget about all other trivial worries, the pressure of university, and most importantly about Emily and Dominic.
Returning to her dorm, we stopped at her door and exchanged a few pleasantries. It genuinely seemed that she had enjoyed the night as much as I had, and even planted a much-appreciated kiss upon my lips as we stood in the hallway. "Tonight, was good Matthew. It just felt so easy, do you know what I mean?" I agreed whole-heartedly, and as we said our goodbyes we had decided to meet up again in the park the next day.
The next few days would be wonderful blur, as if we were living within the most fantastical and unrealistic of dreams. We had chanced upon each other, and within the space of what had seemed like a single heartbeat we had grown closer and more intimate than anyone could have expected. As we talked for hours at length within the park every day, sitting where we had first met amongst the beautiful clearing; I soon learned how intelligent, humorous, and endearing this no longer quite so mysterious girl truly was.
I learned that in the past we had often visited this exact same clearing by ourselves, just to get away from the constant noise of university life; just to sit alone and enjoy nature. I learned that we both still had an immature side to our personalities that we enjoyed indulging in together through cute silly jokes, yet still an equally serious side that found no end of intelligent discussion about politics, architecture, or psychology. Yet most of all, I was pleased to confirm that we both shared an undying optimism that all people are just trying the best that they can, despite their faults.
I felt like I could share anything with her, to be vulnerable and share my deepest insecurities and fears. My fear of rejection, of saying the wrong thing or accidently embarrassing myself. My fear of commitment, that if I were to somehow become too close; rejection might just prove all the more crushing. My self-esteem issue, that perhaps I wasn't enough, that I wasn't worthy. And yet, through confiding in someone in an open and caring relationship; all these problems had seemed to miraculously disappear.
"You know Matthew. I was dubious when I first met you," Emily said as we leaned against each other on the park bench to the wondrous sight of an approaching dusk, "If I'm honest you seemed so weak, so fragile. That you needed my comfort, or else you might just crack. Though I have to admit, you've surprised me the last few days, it really just shows how important it is to believe in yourself," however clichéd this might be she was absolutely right.
Of course, as we watched the setting sun, comforted by each other's warm embrace; I knew I only had Aine' to credit for granting me such confidence. It was because of her affection that I had so much to give in return, thus by believing in myself, and by believing in my own potential and value; I could return the amount of care and love that she so desired. It's clear to me now that self-pity and wallowing is just pointless and selfish, only succeeding in tearing yourself down and robbing those around you of the attention that they deserve.
"I could stay like this forever," I murmured, as my hand swept through her glistening golden hair.
"I agree Matthew."
That evening as we headed back to campus, the cold autumn gale biting at our heels as I helped slip my jacket over the slim shivering frame of my girlfriend, we must have looked just like any normal couple enjoying each other's company; indeed we were.
As I escorted her back to her dormitory, holding each other's hand; I must have been the envy of many a man that looked our way. Perhaps they were wondering how a man like myself had landed such a blonde bombshell, yet alas this just made me feel even more fortunate.
As I said my goodbyes by her doorway, leaning down to steal another kiss, much to my surprise I was dragged through into her room; instantly greeted with a sweet lavender fragrance and a great selection of adorably cute girly things that adorned the walls and cabinets. Such as pop-band posters, childhood teddy-bears, and all sorts of elegant trinkets that were the hallmarks of a truly lived room.
Aine' lead me towards her pink quilted bed as my mind wondered how far she planned to take things, unsure if we were ready to take this next step in our relationship. As she guided me down onto her bed, she sensually wrapped her arms around my back and placed a soft kiss on my forehead. As my hands in turn wrapped around her waist, I gazed into her loving eyes.
"You're honestly the sweetest, most caring boyfriend I've ever had," she soothed as her enchanting embrace calmed all worries and anxieties. Her touch so velvety, so forgiving, so other-worldly that it gave rise a new sense of intimacy and sensuality that I hadn't yet experienced. It was clear Aine' was not quite like other girls, to her relationships were more emotional than physical.
As we laid down beside each other fully clothed, it was as if her soothing warmth had wrapped itself around my very essence; nurturing and comforting my every thought. Fully present with each other as we laid within each other's arms, her hand rested on my chest so that she could feel the slow-beat of my heart as we stared into each other's eyes mere inches apart. "I've never been so close to someone before," I whispered as we laid still, in utter silence apart from the soft rhythmic beat of our affectionate hearts.
She closed her eyes, and for an hour or two in late evening we just stayed in the same position together. For the most part I couldn't help but keep my eyes open, as even from this close-up, her deep ocean-blue eyes, beautiful complexion, perfectly sculpted nose, and nude pink slightly puckered lips; were all too mesmerising. This mystery girl has truly been my salvation out of a truly awful place, with her I feel protected, perfectly capable; and above all loved.
• • •
"Why do you look so happy?" Dominic asked as I merrily chomped on my cereal. I must have had the smuggest of faces, as I remembered the past few days as if they had merely been a dream. Whilst many students at one time or the other delude themselves into thinking that they have fallen in love, each and every time I thought about this mystery girl I genuinely knew this relationship was different; that our connection was real.
"I've met this most incredible girl Dominic! She is so sweet, kind, intelligent, and honestly is no comparison to Emily." I couldn't help exaggerate a little, perhaps in an attempt to make Dominic a bit jealous.
"Wow man! I'm so proud of you, how does she look?" He replied, quickly revealing his only real consideration when it came to girls.
"Amazing, like a Greek Goddess! Even better than Emily!" Whilst to anyone else this blatant boasting might appear as if I hadn't yet had sufficient closure, it was simply my way of trying to set things right, even if a bit immature, by placing my relationship with Aine' into terms Dominic could understand.
"That's fantastic bro. I don't know how a guy like you constantly lands all these insanely hot girls! I'm jealous!" Yet again came one of these compliments that just puts you down a level, that Dominic unknowingly rattled off from time to time. Furthermore, much to my annoyance I knew he wasn't really jealous.... More than anything he just seemed happy for me.
All of a sudden Emily came through the kitchen door, I hadn't seen her in person for a few days since my outburst and I could already sense the tension. Still, as she jumped down on the sofa beside Dominic, wrapping an arm around his back and resting her other arm across his chest; it was plainly clear that she was still trying to make me jealous. Though it wasn't going to work this time, as Dominic clearly looked uncomfortable receiving such close attention I realised that instead this could provide the perfect opportunity to flip the tables.
"I'm so happy for you two becoming a couple, I couldn't think of a better fit," whilst I tried my best to seem genuine; I fully intended Emily to recognise the undertone of sarcasm.
"Oh, we're not...." Dominic started to explain before being quickly cut off my Emily.
"I hope you don't mind that we fooled around here on the sofa the other day Matthew? Oh and a few more times over at my apartment," Dominic seemed to blush in embarrassment at Emily's not so subtle retort. Nevertheless, I knew I could easily win in this battle of wits if I merely kept up a façade of unfaltering smugness.
"Oh, why would I be Emily? I did break up with you after all," I could tell that this response hurt her; and even Dominic wasn't oblivious enough as not to notice what was happening. It was time to press home my advantage.
"I was just telling Dominic how I've met this most wonderful girl a few days ago. I've never met someone nearly as kind, as heartfelt, as intelligent, nor honestly as gorgeous before. She loves me for who I am, despite my faults," I leaned slightly forward as to give extra reverence to my next few words, "though most of all it's just so fulfilling to be in a proper relationship, isn't it?"
Emily smiled, realising full well the point I was making as she feigned more affection towards Dominic, pulling up her legs so that she was now sitting cross-saddle across his waist; one arm still wrapped around his back. If this show wasn't so obviously transparent and staged, it might have had some effect on me; rather it just made even more abundantly clear that their relationship was purely sexual.
"You're so right Matthew! And wow, I'm so pleased for you, and sounds super serious for just a few day relationship!" Emily was hardly even trying to hide the sarcasm in her tone at this stage as we returned quip after quip.
"That's a fair point. Though trust me, when you find the right person, there is just this amazing connection as soon as you meet. Our relationship might be more emotional than physical, though nothing can compare to the level of intimacy that we share," since it would be evident that I whole-heartedly believed these words; they were all the more certain to drive Emily mad.
She smiled and blushed, seemingly buying time in an attempt to think of how to respond; how she could salvage the situation to her favour. I couldn't help but show a smug grin at the sight of her being so frazzled, as I rejoiced in finally gaining the upper hand; my impending small victory made all the sweeter by my vehemently held believe that I could now finally move on. That no longer I would need to play such childish power games, instead finding solace, purpose, and companionship in a meaningful relationship.
"Oh, trust me Matthew I know all too well," she finally replied as she planted a kiss on Dominic's cheek, "You would be right to think that my relationship with Dominic started of purely with sex, mind-blowing acrobatic sex!" I would lie if this quite unnecessary stipulation hadn't stirred some arousal, despite this however it was just amusing to watch Emily attempt to justify some form of relationship between Dominic and her despite his puzzled face; despite the series of one-night stands he had had this week alone.
"Though over time, it was clear that we had grown closer to each other, more intimate. You know yourself Matthew, Dominic is so kind, so considerate, and of course it doesn't hurt that he is amazing in bed!" After Emily had finished her little speech, she went in for a long-wet kiss with Dominic, if not as much to help sell her story as to hide his confused expression.
"That's great for you," there was nothing more I needed to say, it was clear that she hadn't meant these words; they were only perhaps at the expense of my victory seeming a bit hallow now that I almost pitied her. I could tell Emily knew I hadn't believed her little story, the gleam in her eyes betrayed as much; I imagine from the start she knew such a spin would be a long shot.
"In fact," yet for some reason Emily continued despite knowing the game was up, despite everyone seeing right through her; her tale not as unconvincing as it was embarrassing. "In fact, Dominic even offered to take me out to a fancy restaurant tonight, didn't you Dominic? He is so thoughtful, so generous," she ran her hand down his cheek as Dominic looked utterly baffled. "Didn't you Dominic?" she asked again, this time without the feigned affection.
"Oh, oh yes... I did do that," Dominic replied, his tone so contrived I could hardly restrain my laughter.
"And you know what I was thinking?" Emily added as if in a moment of sudden inspiration, "wouldn't this be the perfect opportunity for a double date Matthew? What could be better than two great friends, sharing a lovely dinner with their sweet girlfriends?"
Of course, on the face of it few things were better than the prospect of such a dinner, however it was plentifully clear that this would be something else entirely in reality. The dinner would be a mere abject continuation of this tussling for power, played over the slow part of a couple of hours; the discomfort and embarrassment of which I had no intention of afflicting upon anyone no less my mystery girl. Though more than anything, as made all the more apparent by Emily's pitiful tale, I was just content in knowing that I had found meaning in a real relationship.
"Thank you for the offer, though I'm going to politely refuse," I replied as I stood up to leave; refusing to play her game.
"Are you sure you're not just scared Matthew?" Emily called to me as I walked away; the words stinging for the briefest of mile-seconds as I realised their full intention. Still, I continued to leave refusing to even dignify such an absurd thought with a response, content that I had taken the high road; and content that I had set things right at last.
• • •
As we sat during lunch time in the students cafeteria, rain pelting down against the glass panels next to us; I found myself one again silently admiring Aine' who sat opposite. No longer did I eat lunches alone or take lonely walks by myself; all time outside of class and away from my dormitory were spent with her. As I reflected on the events of the morning, how Emily had tried to desperately compete with our relationship; I couldn't help but smile.
"What are you thinking about?" Aine' asked as she looked over at me inquisitively.
Although the subject might have been a bit awkward since it involved my ex-girlfriend I felt like I could be totally honest to Aine', "The craziest thing happened this morning, Emily my ex-girlfriend..." Aine' playfully raised her eyebrows at this sentence as we both chuckled (this was exactly kind of the silly humour we so often enjoyed)
"My ex-girlfriend was so jealous of our relationship that she tried desperately to make out her booty call as some sort of serious boyfriend!" I couldn't help releasing the laughter that had been building up all morning; nor was the humour lost on Aine' either.
"She even offered that we could double date at a fancy restaurant," I continued to laugh as I even wiped a few tears from my eyes.
"Well what did you say?" Aine' asked.
"I politely declined, trust me whilst it sounds nice, it would be just a pathetic attempt for her to claw back some dignity. I've moved on, I'm just happy to be with you"
"Well, I know that!" Aine' replied with a smug smile, "You talked about getting revenge when I first met you, wouldn't it be fun to mess with them a bit?" I hadn't quite expected Aine' to be so devious, nor to even seriously considerate playing along with this immature game.
"I don't feel like I need to Aine', if I'm honest I've forgiven them for what happened," this was the genuine truth, even though anytime I thought about that night it still hurt; I recognised that I was in a much better place now because it had happened. Compared to the meaningless sex that Emily and Dominic we're having, my relationship had so much more meaning and intimacy.
"Are you sure Matthew? You know your best friend did have sex with your girlfriend? And despite this blatant betrayal, he has even continued to have sex with her? All I'm saying is it would be perfectly normal to want to even the tables," Aine' had a fair point, any normal man probably would want to seek revenge. However, I was different... perhaps by seeing the best in people I had tended to forgive too easily.
"Is it, is it," Aine' seemed to uncharacteristically pause as she considered carefully the next few words that would change everything, "Is it, is it because you're afraid that I might be unfaithful?" I let out a silent gasp, as I froze utterly astounded. These words hurt, not because I feared them coming true; they hurt that Aine' could think for a second that I doubted her loyalty. "Sorry, I didn't mean anything, it's just that plenty of people in your situation can understandably become paranoid, I would hate it if you had such irrational fears."
I leaned over the table, held her hand and gazed into her eyes, "Don't worry, I utterly trust you. I've never felt a connection as close as this." She smiled, before planting a kiss on my hand.
"Then what's the problem? Why don't we just have some fun tonight, once they see how intimate and special our relationship is, they will just be all the more jealous! We'll make Emily regret ever losing you, and we all know it won't be hard to make Dominic envy you," Aine' gave a devious wink as I couldn't help but be tempted by the idea. "Then what do you say?" she asked, clearly excited by the idea.
It would be a lie if I had never wanted to teach Dominic a lesson, to show him that the world doesn't centre around him; and that not every girl falls head over heels just to be a part of his endless hareem. The added bonus would be that I could show Emily that I had truly moved on, that I had found someone so much more special than her, who had my love and complete trust.
"Alright, let's do this!"
• • •
Emily was pleasantly surprised that the double date was going ahead, and since Dominic would have hardly any local knowledge having just arrived mere weeks ago; we felt obliged to recommend a restaurant and make the reservation. We purposefully chose a fine dining Italian restaurant, hoping that the formality would scare Dominic straight and indeed strain the budget of this newly arrived freshman student.
Whilst Dominic was capable of having a serious relationship, I knew that for at least the first year of university he would just much rather play the game; and who could blame him? The question was how much effort Dominic would contribute to this pretend relationship simply for the benefit of Emily? Probably none whatsoever.
Since I was in my final year of university before placement, I had been attending the odd job interview. Subsequently, Aine' suggested that I should wear this same dark navy suit, and as she finished tying my knit tie whilst I stood in-front of the mirror; I must have looked half-decent. Whilst on a student's budget it was made purely out of polyester, and the sleeves ran a bit too long; in general, the fit was good, and everyone knows there is nothing sexier to any woman than a suit.
Meanwhile Aine' wore a stunning blossom imprinted mini dress with a deep V-neck, that screamed femininity and was bound to reveal just enough skin to drive Dominic mad. I might have felt guilty for so blatantly showing off my hot girlfriend, if indeed this hadn't been all been Aine's idea. I only wondered what Dominic and Alice would choose to wear, I couldn't imagine that they would make nearly as much of an effort.
We arrived to the restaurant a few minutes before the agreed upon time in early evening, the sun just beginning to set as we entered the building. I helped remove Aine's coat and pulled out the chair before we sat down at our table. The dining space was quite expansive and upscale, with many mostly older couples already enjoying their dinner.
I had been here a few times before for my birthday when my family had visited, however this was the first time I have been to anywhere as splendid with a girlfriend. Whilst this night had all been planned, as I waited dressed in a suit, in a beautiful restaurant beside my spectacular girlfriend I couldn't help but feel so mature and successful. The waiters poured us a couple of wines, to which we found drinking a test sip before they poured the full both most amusing, since we were as far from a couple of wine connoisseurs as you could get.
Not all that surprisingly Emily and Dominic were running late, although time normally flew by when I was with Aine'; tonight, my nerves had started to pick up for some reason. She wrapped her arm around my back by the time we had waited for at least 15 minutes, "relax Matthew, we can call tonight off whenever you want to. The whole point is that you enjoy it, it's pointless otherwise," she was of course right; and I tried my best to relax.
As half an hour passed with no replies to or texts or phone calls, a few waiters had started to give us the odd stare and my patience had all but disappeared. "This is ridiculous. This was their idea, are they not going to even bother to show up?" I complained as Aine' patted me on the back to calm my spirits.
Finally, just as I had finished this sentence I saw the 'couple' enter through the double doors, their stride so effortless and confident they turned more than a few heads. Much to my surprise Dominic was dressed the part, with a pair of jeans, leather Chelsea boots, a dark roll neck jumper with a navy blazer; since I had never seen him in anything else but the stereotypical loungewear students call clothing it was clear that Emily must have nagged him no end.
Still I found myself much more captivated by Emily, wearing a full-length navy dress that was surprisingly more conservative than I had expected. What was her intention? Did she only own one good dress since I was certain that I had seen this one before...? Wait, yes of course, this was the same dress she wore the night Dominic fucked her; fucked her right in front of me! Suddenly my eyes twitched, as my fist slammed against the table without even thinking, wobbling the drinks and silverware.
Emily patted me on the back once again, "Stay calm remember," she whispered as Emily and Dominic joined us at the table; thankfully not noticing my outburst.
"Hey, it's so nice to finally meet you guys," Aine' seemed so kind and sincere it was clear she was a natural at this game; Dominic's eyes as expected lit up as soon as he had noticed this blonde beauty; not even trying to hide his glances as he eyed her up and down. Ordinarily I would have felt affronted and stepped in to protect my girlfriends honour; though tonight we had full well intended to send him mad with jealousy.
"You too! Don't you look two look wonderful," Emily replied in a much less convincing tone as we greeted each other. Whilst hugging Emily, as I inadvertently smelt that gorgeous scent I used to adore she took the opportunity to whisper in my ear, "You weren't lying, Matthew," I smiled as I glanced over to Aine'; indeed she truly was magnificent.
Dominic had sat down first, before remembering that he ought to pull out Emily's chair as he awkwardly scrambled back up to his feet. I grinned; this was exactly how we had expected the night to go.
"Sorry we were a bit late guys," Emily 'apologised' as we assured them it had been no bother at all, that we had took a while to find the place as well and had just actually arrived; careful to not hand them an early victory.
Still, I couldn't help notice that Emily's hair was slightly amiss, as well as an unmistakable tear across the waist of her otherwise pristine dress. Whilst I knew all too well that Emily wanted us to ask what had happened, and that undoubtably this would lend them an early win; I was unfortunately far too curious not fall into the trap.
"What happened Emily? You hair is a mess" Aine' bumped my thigh under the table; annoyed that I had given up far too easily.
"Oh, oh really?" Emily acted all coy and embarrassed as she ran her hands through her hair, "oh, oh sorry, we kind of got carried away on the way here," she laughed as she playfully punched Dominic, who was now blushing in embarrassment. Unfortunately, it was more than believable that they had fucked in public, as my mind raced for answers as to where it had happened or how her dress had been ripped it was clear that they had scored the first point.
"That's cute guys," Aine' interrupted my thoughts as she planted a kiss on my cheek, "that stage of a relationship can be so much fun, too many people give meaningless sex a hard time."
"Absolutely right," Dominic replied all too quickly before Emily could rebuttal in what must have the first words he had spoken this evening, he was the only one to miss this underhanded insult.
Aine' laughed as she stared quite intensely over at Emily, although a bit cruel; this was actually turning out quite a fun night as she had promised. Thankfully, the waiter had arrived to take our orders before the situation escalated any further, and Dominic was able to steer the conversion in a slightly more amiable direction. "So, Matthew, how did you ever meet this absolutely gorgeous girl?" his eyes fixed solely on my girlfriend as he spoke.
"We met in the park actually, we just happened upon each other. Super romantic," Aine' shared; clearly she believed it was fate that we had met. Not that I could say I disagreed, even if such ideas had used to seem ridiculous.
"Oh really, you just walked across each other?" Emily was understandably doubtful; and I feared what Aine' might inadvertently reveal if pressed on this story.
"Well, for the past few years I've been coming to this lovely secluded spot in the park just to relax, just to get away from it all. Could you believe it that Aine' had been coming to the same spot for all that time as well? The only miracle is that we hadn't ended up together earlier," I'm sure Aine' was impressed with my quick thinking; lest we reveal she had heard me weeping from behind the bushes.
"You're one lucky man Matthew. First few weeks I arrive to university and this guy has already gone through two incredibly hot chicks!" we all nervously laughed at this 'joke'; it seemed Dominic had hardly any filter.
Soon dinner had arrived, Aine' and I were both having the roasted chicken, whilst Emily had pasta and Dominic ordered his favourite; 'peperoni pizza'. In-between the subtle digs and power plays, I was genuinely enjoying myself. Despite everything that had happened, here I was enjoying great food with some of the closest people in my life. "This is nice, isn't it, just the four of us?" I remarked, Aine' and Dominic appreciating the sincerity in my words as I felt a loving hand run across my thigh.
• • •
"I need to go to the restroom," Aine' said as she stood up, giving me a long sensual kiss across the lips before she departed.
"I'll go as well, if you know where they are," Dominic called after her as they headed across the floor, leaving Emily and I alone.
"You've got someone very special there Matthew, she truly does adore you. It might even be love," I felt tingles all across my body as soon as I heard Emily even mention the word. For the first time tonight she had sounded authentic, and I hoped to God that she was right. For a brief moment I even started to feel guilty for agreeing to play this game, for flaunting our relationship in front of Emily and Dominic.
"You know, I was wrong about you two, originally I didn't think you were that close a couple, though honestly I think you'll be a perfect fit! For the most part you're both kind, considerate, and easy going! I truly mean that," whilst I couldn't but help try to make her feel better I did genuinely believe that they could make a good couple if they actually tried.
"You're so funny Matthew," Emily replied, "We both know I don't care about my relationship with Dominic, we just love having sex! And you thought I was jealous of you and Aine'?" she started to giggle.
"What are you talking about? What the hell is this about then?" I replied utterly confused.
"Ever since Dominic fucked me right in front of you, I've never felt such... such cruel pleasure. Do you know what I thought could even be hotter?" She asked, to my dismay her hand was now moving feverishly under the table as she started to pleasure herself; without much care as to who might notice.
"What the hell are you talking about?"
"Wouldn't it be so hot if Dominic seduced your new girlfriend? And fucked her brains out!" Emily unable or unwilling to hide the excitement in her voice as she uttered these unfathomable words.
"What the fuck!?" I almost shouted as my fist slammed against the table in anger, alerting a few nearby parties and spilling a glass of wine across the carpet in the process. "What the hell is wrong with you?" I lowered my voice into an assertive whisper, "Aine' would never be unfaithful, I trust her completely!" Emily's hand merely seemed to increase in speed in response to my little outburst, as I apologised to a waiter attending to the spillage.
"You can only hope Matthew, since we both know that little dress of hers will be irresistible to Dominic...... oh F-fuuuck!" I sat stunned as Emily fingered herself into an orgasm, unable to reply or hide my frustration.
A moment later Aine' returned from the restroom, "Hi guys, what are we talking about?" She must have sensed something had happened; the mood had changed considerably. However, adamant to avoid the embarrassment of revealing Emily's plan I wasn't all too sure what to say in response.
"Oh, we were just talking about sex," Emily replied as my heart jumped a beat, what clever game was she playing at? She seemed so instinctive and calculated in her response, as if to perfectly steer the conversion in the direction that benefited her cause the most. This Emily was almost unrecognisable from the girl I had known for years, she seemed so natural, as if this cruel game wasn't even a game to her. This was scary, and I feared Aine' might not respond well to such a topic.
"Oh okay," Aine' replied a little bit startled as Dominic sat down just as our dinner was served.
With the waiters buzzing around us, Emily continued to talk undisturbed as she ran her hand down Dominic's chest, "It's just so great when you find someone your sexually compatible with. Trust me, you have no idea what Dominic is capable of, the crazy shit we get up to," she started to laugh as we felt nervously compelled to join in. As per usual Dominic blushed, though whilst I could tell this conversation was clearly making him uncomfortable; it seemed his ego was at least enjoying the compliments.
"That's great to hear Emily," Aine' wasn't hiding the condescension in her voice, by taking the high road she was treating Emily almost as a child. I admired her effort, and I even started to feel slightly better at the prospect of how tonight might eventually pan out. Beyond the caring and kind-hearted exterior of this gorgeous girl, was a strong and determined women.
"If you don't mind me asking, is the sex any good?" Emily belittled as she nodded in my direction; her insults becoming blunter by the second. Whilst I instinctively feared such a question and wanted nothing more than to lie about how we have had amazing sex on multiple occasions; there was nothing more for Dominic nor I to do but enjoy our meal in silence. As this was to be a battle played out purely by our respective girlfriends.
Aine' chuckled, in the same way a parent might respond to a recalcitrant toddler, "I'm sure you're the same way Emily, I'm not that much of a slut to have sex within just the first few days of a relationship. Though what I can say, is that we're certainly emotionally compatible, and that's a much more important foundation to any serious relationship," it was hard to fully appreciate the brilliance of how Aine' was able to simultaneously slut-shame Emily whilst strengthening our own relationship; while remaining civil.
"This pizza is really good!" Dominic interrupted as he chomped down a piece; if it weren't for his inane naivety you would have sworn this had been intended as a purposeful distraction. Nevertheless, I welcomed such an intervention before the conversation could escalate any further.
"Yes, doesn't quite compare the student crap we're all used to," if perhaps I was the only one laughing at my own jest I was at least thankful that the topic had changed. For the next while we talked about university, about how busy and stressed we all were apart from Dominic; it was evident that out of the four of us he was the one least committed to his studies.
"All my exams aren't until after Christmas, nobody is studying yet," whilst this wasn't likely true, I couldn't help envy the setup of his law degree that allowed him to just fuck around university for the first few months before getting serious. Whereas with architecture and phycology courses, there was endless coursework to keep you busy (not that I would have been doing much fucking anyway)
It was clear that Emily hadn't told Dominic that she wanted him to seduce my girlfriend, whilst this didn't stop him from eyeing her up; I could at least take solace from the fact he hadn't attended this evening with this sole purpose in mind. Despite his faults and recent setbacks, Dominic was a dutiful friend, and I was confident he would keep within his boundaries for now. If not for my sake, then out of loyalty to this farse 'relationship' with Emily.
As we enjoyed our meal and talked, Aine' was paying much more physical attention to me than normal. If her arm wasn't wrapped around my back, rested on my chest or on my lap, she was planting soft delicate kisses across my cheeks and lips. I started to worry that this plan of ours might have been a bad miscalculation, playing directly into the hands of Emily's wicked fantasy; since all the while my girlfriend was kissing, stroking, and caressing my body; Dominic was intensely staring at her.
Whilst I couldn't help but feel empowered, having my girlfriend fawn over me in full view of my ex-girlfriend and my best friend; I genuinely felt scared that for the first time since childhood Dominic was actually jealous of me. Any other time he had said he was envious, or that he wished he were me; were meant merely as compliments or in jest. This evening was different, by looking at his envious glare I could tell full well that he wanted nothing more than to have this magnificent blonde fawning over him instead.
What was scary was the fact that Dominic for the most part always got what he wanted, whether it be deciding which videogame we might play those many years ago, what girls he dated or more pointedly; deciding every night which incredibly hot girl to fuck. As I looked over at Aine' in an attempt to subtly tell her to roll back the affection, I could tell from her eyes how strong her resolve was, and how unfaltering her conviction. After all she had told me herself it was perfectly normal to feel paranoid, and that I had nothing to worry about.
"You really are dreadfully beautiful Aine', if you don't mind me saying," Dominic continued to stair intensely at my girlfriend as he uttered these bold words. On paper our plan had worked perfectly, however what was critical was the test of my girlfriends determination to see this evening through to the end.
"Thank you, you know your quite handsome as well," Aine' replied as I stared over at her in dismay, how could she ever say such a thing? A moment later as Dominic sat captivated by this flirtation, she leaned closer to kiss my neck and whispered in my ear the most incredible words I've ever heard, "I'm going to drive him mad, then fuck you."
I couldn't quite believe Aine' could say such unbelievably hot words, even if I was anxious as to what these words exactly entailed; my rock-hard erection couldn't lie that I was equally exhilarated by the idea. To Emily it would seem her plan was going all too well, when in reality my revenge was about to be cemented.
• • •
"I bet your one of those guys who has sex with a new girl every night, that every hot girl you see is just your next conquest?" Her tone had morphed into casual flirtation, as she played with Dominic as if he were just a little kid, who knew no better as to her real devious intentions.
"Hmmm... kind of... Emily here is a real special girl though," it was hard to know if Dominic meant these words or was merely trying not to upset Emily; the truth was probably both.
"And who could blame those girls? Your confident, compassionate, good looking and from what I hear, amazing in bed! I bet you've broken many many hearts," although I knew this was part of the plan, hearing my girlfriend flirt so openly was still terrifying, yet my erection remained rock-hard.
Before Dominic could reply, Emily's hand pounced below the table and appeared to clench his crotch causing him to bolt back up in his chair and let out an uncomfortable grunt. As I looked onwards stunned, Dominic's expression of pain and nervousness slowly morphed into a sensation of pleasure whilst Emily began to move her arm up and down rhythmically. "When he fucked me, he changed me completely," Emily added as she ran her hand across the fabric of his trousers all the while staring in my direction, "he made me realise what a real man is capable of."
I hadn't expected the situation to escalate to such a level within a busy restaurant, if anybody looked at either Emily or Dominic it would be painfully obvious what they were doing. This audacity combined with Emily's cruel gaze and words, would have ordinarily been enough to break me. However, as Emily's arm lowered, as if her hand were now moving in-between Dominic's trousers and boxer briefs; I knew I had a far greater strength I could rely on, "And what is that exactly, what is a real man?" Aine' asked, her composure and conviction unfaltering.
"It's a man who has a huge cock," Emily began to explain as her movement accelerated, "It's a man who takes control, who gives you exactly what you need without you even having to ask. It's a man who doesn't care what anybody thinks, and always gets what he wants!" This dirty talk seemed to have an effect on Dominic, or perhaps it was merely a result of the hand-job as he clenched the table linen and gritted his teeth.
"And what is it that you want now Dominic?" Aine' asked seductively as she leaned closer across the table.
"Oh.... Oh F-fuck!" Dominic grunted as he tried to reply before the pleasure got the best of him. As I heard the unzipping of his trousers, and the eager gasp from Emily; it was clear that his monster of a dick had just been unleashed. "Oh Jesus Christ," he mumbled as Emily appeared to run her hand up and down the long thick shaft.
"Do you want me Dominic?" Aine' asked as my heart-beat slowed to a still.
"Jesus Christ no! Your Matthew's girlfriend!" Dominic protested with great pain as he battled between the conflicting emotions of friendship and the sensational pleasure of Emily's forceful thrusting of his huge cock. Emily leaned against Dominic as she continued to move her hand up and down at an incredible pace, peppering his neck with kisses as Aine' had done mine. Dominic's head rolled from side to side as he concentrated every effort on taking control of this immense pleasure.
"Do you want my incredible body Dominic?" Aine' continued as she stared intensely into his eyes, with one hand rested on my lap to calm my fears and the other seductively caressing her perfect breasts. "Do you want to take me Dominic? Do want to rip my clothes off right here? And shove your huge cock into my pussy, show me how a real man fucks?" Even Emily looked provoked, as we all were taken aback by these incredibly hot words that surely no man could resist.
"No, no, fuck! Your Matthew's girlfriend! I can't! I can't!" Dominic sounded in immense pain as he supressed his animal and primal desires. He had let his friend down once before in an awful betrayal, and he was focusing every effort on maintaining his loyalty; on maintaining the dependability and integrity of character that everyone had always admired him for. If he gave up now, not only would he be prioritising mere momentary pleasure over his childhood best friend, he would arguably be no different to that endless line of arrogant fuckboys.
Emily's arm started to oscillate, as she performed an incredible hand-job that would have undoubtedly overwhelmed my senses within seconds. She bit down on her lips, as she stared into my eyes, savouring what seemed to her every cruel second of an astonishingly erotic betrayal before her free hand resumed masturbation. "Tell him, tell him what he'll do with your body," Emily blurted out with immense excitement as she frantically fingered herself; all the while not relenting for a second the impassioned thrusting of the huge cock sat straight up next to her.
At this stage it was a miracle that nobody had noticed, in between the raised voices and Dominic's fully revealed cock that was hard to go unnoticed.
"Trust me Dominic, nothing can compare to fucking me. The wild shit we could get up to is unreal, and I would let you do anything you wanted to. Anything! If we had sex we would look like two Greek Gods, our bodies belong together" Aine' sounded so sincere, for a moment it was even hard for I not to be tricked into believing her words. "I can fulfil your deepest desires, no matter how sick or twisted. I can be your whore, all you need to say is yes, say yes and we head back to my dorm right now and you can FUCK my brains out!"
Although I knew this was merely part of our devious plan, imagining this unthinkable idea of Dominic fucking my girlfriend once again was both incredibly terrifying and yet terribly erotic. Although Aine' was acting this all out, some of her words seemed so true. As a single dreadful imagining of Dominic bent over Aine' popped into my head, their immaculate bodies glistening in sunlight; they truly did look like Gods together. Though it took no longer for me to shut this horrendous thought out of my mind than it did to regain my trust and faith in our relationship.
"Come on Dominic, fuck me! FUCK ME!" Aine' was almost shouting at this stage.
"Shit Matthew, shit! Oh crap! FUCK IT!" Dominic gasped as he glanced in my direction one last time, finally he was pushed over the edge and his primal urges had taken complete control. "Okay I'll do it Aine', I'm going to show you exactly what I'm capable of, our sex is going to be a piece of art! I'll shatter your greatest expectations, change you, make you see that only I can give you the pleasure you truly deserve," Dominic spoke with a quiet intensity that gave his words resonance; as I sat stunned at the sheer arrogance of my normally modest best friend.
"Maybe Matthew can watch if he wants, he seemed to enjoy watching last time I fucked his girlfriend. Maybe he can learn a thing or two, and in the end this can be better for everyone. I truly don't want you to take this personally Matthew, it's not my fault that two of your gorgeous girlfriends have practically thrown themselves at me, though then again; you can't really blame them either," whilst I had expected Dominic to be seduced; never did I expect such mind-blowing arrogance. Neither did Emily, who looked ablaze with passion; and for a dreadful moment it seemed Aine' had lost her resolve as well.
As Emily continued to thrust Dominic's cock, it seemed his words had triggered Emily to orgasm, and from taking a peek under the table it appeared that she had squirted uncontrollably all over the carpet. "Fuck Dominic, you're so awful," she moaned as she thrusted his huge shaft; frozen in trepidation under the table as I glared at this monster protruding out of his trousers. For a moment I was truly scared of what was going to happen next, as Dominic began to shake in his seat and my girlfriend sat speechless; an eruption would soon be imminent.
Dominic's words had been spoken with such conviction and confidence that it was hard not to believe them, and it must have been equally hard not to obey them as Aine' sat still. "Oh F-fuuuck! Oh SHIT!" Dominic moaned as he felt himself losing control, the sheer audacity and carelessness required to explode all over the table would simply be staggering. And yet, as his dick began to quiver, as Emily's pace reached an almighty crescendo; I found myself inexplicitly anticipating exactly this.
"You think your one of those girls who value emotional over physical connection?" Dominic continued to speak, "Though this is probably just because you've never had truly amazing sex, because trust me, no feeling nearly compares. Even just a few minutes with my amazing cock inside you will help you realise as much," when had Dominic become such an arrogant dick?
Yet as I tried to restrain my anger and my fear that these words might finally have an effect on my sweet girlfriend who seemed frightfully emotionless; I wondered for a dreadful moment if they could actually be true? Had our plan back-fired spectacularly? Was the utterly unthinkable about to happen?
Then all of a sudden Aine' abruptly stood up, paced briskly over to Dominic and stared intensely down at him. For a brief moment as the two exchanged looks, the full enormity of Dominic's monster revealed in all its uncompromising size to her; I had never been more terrified in my whole life as to what was about to happen next. Then just as Dominic was about to be overwhelmed, Aine's hand swept through the air and landed an almighty slap right across his face, with enough force to knock his whole head sideways.
I gasped as the sheer noise of the slap was enough to alert a few nearby tables, shocked patrons turned to face our direction as the mood within the restaurant changed considerably. Emily's thrusting quickly ceased, whilst Dominic sat teary eyed and limp-dicked due to the sheer unexpected force of the painful slap. As Aine' half-crouched to face Dominic at his own level, resting one arm upon his shoulder and the other on the edge of the table; her stance and glare were meant solely to intimidate.
"Consider today a lesson, that you can't always get what you want. I would never even consider having sex with someone as disgusting or as shallow as you. You're an immature, selfish, unfaithful fuckboy who clearly thinks far too much of himself. I want you to think about what you've done this evening very carefully, and I want you to stay hurt and limp-dicked all night as I give Matthew an amazing time," I couldn't believe I had ever doubted Aine'; her words as sharp and as piercing as knives as she tore down Dominic's ordinally impermeable defences.
"Matthew is an amazing man, compassionate, kind and most of all loyal; you could stand to learn a thing or two from him! Honestly, Dominic, your just pathetic," these words were spoken with such a condescending pity that they must have been humiliating, all the while she continued to stare piercingly into his eyes that couldn't even bare to meet her gaze.
For once in my life Dominic truly seemed distraught, for once in my life Dominic hadn't succeeded; hadn't got what he wanted! Whilst the pain and humiliation might only be a fraction of what I had experienced a week ago, justice had never felt so sweet. Finally, Dominic was feeling the same pain and insecurity I had felt my whole life, the anguish and humiliation of rejection.
Perhaps I myself had not the strength, yet as Aine' stood triumphantly over Dominic; this didn't matter. My self-confidence, my determination, and hope; that by drawing their power through her could only be emboldened by this undeniable victory. She had rescued me from a truly terrible place, and now; helped me realise that I truly do have something worthy to offer the world that Dominic can't simply steal away for himself. In this moment I was certain, as I gazed upon her heroic beauty; I was utterly in love.
• • •
"You're so God Damn hot!" I shouted over to Aine', the first few words I had spoken for a good while. As she turned to face me I walked over to her, and without even thinking we had the most passionate kiss I have ever had right in front of Dominic and Emily. Surely such a kiss that only two people madly in love can truly appreciate, and only made all the sweeter by the onlooking 'couple' that were still dumbfounded. As our arms moved over each other's body, feeling the sensual curves as we shared a lover's embrace; our inner passions were awakened.
Without much thought as to the dinner that was only half finished, or that we would be leaving Dominic and Emily to slump the bill; we headed to the exit hand in hand; turning many heads due to the commotion that we had caused. We could hardly control our excitement, a sheer fraction of which was unleashed up against the wall as soon as we left the building; our hands still locked together as our lips joined for a loving embrace. The rain pouring down upon us could hardly dampen our lust and desire, as our tongues explored each other.
The rain soaking our clothes as we continued to passionately kiss up against the wall, so much so that the minidress clung uncompromisingly tight to the skin of Aine'; her breasts finely revealed through the wet silky fabric as my hands moved over her. The thundering cascade of rain all but a faint background noise, drowned out by this magnificent blonde who stood before me, and who had chosen me over Dominic! How was I so lucky so deserve such a girl? To deserve such loving attention, and caring affection; that was only equalled by my desire to nurture and protect.
We hailed a taxi, and as we headed back to campus amidst this dark wet night; we could hardly restrain ourselves as we sat bundled together in the back seats. As Aine' shivered in all but a soaked through minidress, we hugged together for warmth whilst I looked out the window at the countless glaring metropolitan lights we passed. For the first time in my life I could feel an affinity for the happy couple scampering for shelter or shielding under an umbrella together, taking comfort with each other amidst the chaos and uncertainty of the world.
This was a similar comfort that I had found with Aine', someone who I could face the world with, someone who I now felt fated to protect, and love with all my heart. As she snuggled up to me, her body still wet and freezing; all I wanted to do was to warm her up the best I could. Wrapping my coat around her I gazed into her eyes, whilst slowly wiping the droplets that had landed upon her face. "I think I love you, Aine'," whilst these feelings had seemed so alien for most of my life; tonight, they came naturally.
"I think I love you too, Matthew," she replied as my whole world brightened, as a new undying optimism and hope was bestowed upon me by the mere utterance of a single phrase. This must be what it feels like to be needed, to have purpose and to be in love; and above all a willingness to sacrifice everything for her if necessary. To understand someone totally, and to be understood yourself. There is surely no greater feeling in the whole of human existence, none as absolute or as precious.
In what seemed like seconds, we had arrived and exited the taxi in a flurry of passion; kissing and stumbling over each other as we made our way back to dorm. Whilst normally I would have been uncomfortable, weary that the taxi driver or passer-by's would notice our impassioned tussle; this evening was different. This evening it felt as if this mystery girl and I were the only ones that existed, the only ones that were truly present in my world.
As we stumbled over each other into her dorm room, almost not closing the door, we fell back into each other's arms onto the mess of teddy-bears arranged on her bed. We laughed in pure joy as we lay on-top of each other, her clothes still clinging so tight to her skin that every curve was revealed in it's astonishing glory. "I'm so cold, so, so cold," Aine' whispered as I leaned over her, "We need to remove our clothes."
Helping each other discard the wet clothes onto the floor before I pulled the blanket up over us, I held her with a gentle intensity as if at once careful not to break this precious jewel I had just happened upon in the park; yet simultaneously resolute not to let go. Familiarizing ourselves with each other's bodies as our hands guided over silky skin, every curve revealed itself as unique to who Aine' was as a person. Thus, although this was the first time that we had been naked in each other's presence, it felt as if we already knew each other's bodies.
We began calm and sensual, then slowly allowed our desire to be proven through swifter movements and unexpected kisses in increasingly erotic areas. This experience was something truly different to anything before, not comparable to Alice or even Emily. When two people truly love each other, sex is merely an extension of this expression; and every movement brings a new level of intimacy and affection.
"Make love to me Matthew," Aine' beckoned as she wrapped her arms around my neck, her eyes damp with raw emotion. As I slowly entered her, all anxiety and doubt ceased to exist. There was no question if I were worthy, or if I could fulfil her desire; only a matter of living truly in the moment as I gave all my love to her. This was a transcendent experience, as I felt closer to this mystery girl than I have ever before. As my hands moved across her body, feeling her soft and delicate breasts with my smooth touch; I only wished that this moment could last forever.
Slowly I quickened my pace, eager to show her that I was also capable of great strength; yet careful not to be too forceful. A few moans of pleasure escaped her mouth, as I continued to fondle her perfect breasts and enter her with building force. "Oh GOD Matthew, didn't expect this," it seemed that without much force my efforts were bearing fruit, and I could tell from her moans and loving gaze that she was loving every second.
As I leaned over her, now keeping at a steady pace and careful not to push the boundaries; I was pleased that for once in my life I was more than adequate. Since Aine' clearly had not had as much sexual experience as Emily, my thrusts seemed to her powerful and far reaching. However, far greater than the incredible pleasure I felt from making love with this extraordinary girl, was the sheer satisfaction derived from the fact that I was able to satisfy her. Truly we were meant for each other, both emotionally and physically.
"You're fantastic, I don't know how I could exist without you," I murmured as I gazed into her loving eyes. Never did I attempt to peek under the blanket at her undoubtedly gorgeous body, this would only have been to belittle our emotional connection; that somehow in this moment was all that I required. As we made love I felt as encouraged and as comforted as I had within her embrace that faithful day we met at the park. She recognised my unique value and helped me to believe in myself once again; and as I poured my love into every thrust I was only returning the favour.
"I'm so happy to see you so confident," said Aine' as she looked up at me; all her hard work had payed off and she was finally reaping the rewards of a strong and capable boyfriend; who genuinely loved her. Whilst with experience I was certainly improving, with a girl like Aine' we could both learn and grow together; and yet all the while continue to satisfy each other. As her body began to quiver and the moans intensified, a few final deliberate thrusts sent her over the edge; her face beaming with gratitude and joy as I allowed myself to be triumphantly overwhelmed.
Although short-lived the sex had been incredible, and I laid back satisfied in the knowledge that I had just rocked this blonde bombshell into an orgasm. I could have easily held out longer, attempted to reach that Holy Grail of multiple orgasms; though I knew this would have been unfeasible. It was important to take things at a pace that suited both of us, and regardless of how truly ephemeral the experience had been; these few minutes of passion had been the greatest in my entire life.
We lay in each other's arms in utter tranquillity, the silence betrayed only by our gentle breathing and the calming pitter-patter of the rain against the window. "That was amazing Matthew," Aine' soothed as she ran her hand down my chest, her touch now warm and radiant. "Stay the night with me please, just... just be with me." I smiled and nodded as I met her gaze, running my hand through her lush golden hair as I realised that there was nowhere I would rather be than the comforting presence afforded by this mystery girl.
Finally, at peace and content, I closed my eyes.
• • •
The next morning, I awoke to the most beautiful sight, Aine' sleeping peacefully still within my arms. She seemed even more gorgeous under the guise of the low Autumn light that filtered through the blinds, shining upon her messy blonde hair and magnificent physique; her tender breasts barely hidden by the blanket. She opened her eyes, and met my gaze with welcoming affection, "Hi boyfriend, good morning," she whispered as she rested a hand on my shoulder. "Yesterday was amazing, you were so caring, and gentle. I felt a real connection."
I smiled, happy that she was happy; and hardly minding the fact that I had already slept half-way through an architectural lecture. "You're a true gentleman Matthew," Aine' continued, "Not like Dominic, I can't believe how he acted yesterday," the mere mention of his name was enough to unsettle my newfound peace.
"Well it's over now, we showed him," I replied, eager to quickly change the topic.
"Yea yea we sure did baby, I just, I just still can't believe that arrogant prick! He thinks he can just get away with anything he wants to, he thinks every girl he comes across would just love to be with him! As if his dick is magic or something?" Her laughter interrupted this fiery tirade, "as if one night with him would change my world? In the real world it doesn't work like that, he clearly has been watching far too much porn. And besides, his dick isn't all that huge, nor is he anywhere near as good-looking as he likes to believe!"
I was a little bit taken aback by this sudden outburst, as I tried to calm her it was evident that Dominic had got under her nerves more than she had let on last night. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry honey, it's just that guy really pisses me off! I really don't know why your still friends with him, after what he has done."
She had a fair point, not only had Dominic betrayed my trust last week, he had acted egregiously at dinner. He had said some remarkably cruel things to me, not without malice; and although pushed was all too willing to cheat on my girlfriend yet again. However, despite all this, somehow in my mind he was still the same kid I had met in secondary school, still the same kid I had enjoyed joking around with for most of my life, and ultimately still my best friend.
"He is a fucking ass hole! Who only thinks about himself!" Aine' shouted after a moment of pause.
"It's okay baby, it's okay, it's over now," whilst I disagreed with her that Dominic purely cared about himself, I was eager to put this to rest.
"Is it Matthew? Is it over?" Aine' replied.
"Sorry, what do you mean?" I replied.
"Sorry Matthew, it's just after all he has done, I still can't believe your friends with him. I know that's because you choose to see the best in people, and that's why I love you! But at the same time, remember what I said about cutting toxic people out of your life?"
"I don't know, it's just, we've been friends since we were little kids. It's hard"
"I know baby it is, but if I'm being totally honest; it's hard to respect you totally if you're still friends with that ass hole!"
Even if I still wanted to defend Dominic in this moment and was genuinely surprised by how much Aine' seemed to hate him all of a sudden; I realised that above all she was right. Whilst I have improved greatly over the past few days with the help of Aine', if I'm going to be fully self-confident, to be able to fully respect myself and those I cared about; I could no longer be friends with Dominic. It hurt to even think of such a world where I was no longer friends with him, and yet; deep down I knew real change never comes lightly.
"Your right baby, I know your right, I just... I just don't know if I'm strong enough."
She smiled, "You are Matthew, you are. Look how far you've come."
Standing up to get changed Aine' seemed to steal a naughty peek, I chuckled in embarrassment and hurried into the bathroom for some privacy. "I'm going to head back to my dorm now, and end things with Dominic," I shouted over to her as I finished getting changed. "Want to meet at the library for lunch?" I asked looking back at her as I was heading out the door. She was sitting upright in the bed, the blanket only loosely brought up over to partly cover her breasts; my God she looked spectacular.
"Sounds good, I'm proud of you Matthew."
• • •
Walking down the hallway after arriving back at my dorm, it would be a lie if I said I wasn't feeling nervous. Not only because I was planning to end my friendship with Dominic, because for the first time in all the years we have been friends; I had stood up to him last night. However, I knew I was in the right, and with Aine' at my side; I had all the self-confidence and determination I needed.
Entering the kitchen, I noticed Emily sitting on the sofa; scantily dressed in all but panties and thankfully one of her jumpers. "Hey Emily," I greeted as I sat down opposite her.
"Hi Matthew," her tone was surprisingly welcoming and warm.
"Have you seen Dominic?" I asked; at a loss of what else to talk about.
"He is still sleeping," she replied, before we sat in silence for the next few minutes. Outside the tree's and playing fields were all doused in morning dew from the previous night's deluge; the still beauty not lost on either Emily or I as we gazed out the window together. It seemed miraculous, though somehow we were enjoying a genuine moment together.
"You know Matthew, I was wrong. I want to apologise for last night," the sincerity and remorse in her voice reminiscent of the Emily I had known for years; before everything changed that one night. "I see now, you were telling the truth about Aine'. From watching her, anyone can tell that she is in love with you. So willing to fight your battles, so caring, and supportive. I mean this, I truly mean this, you deserve her each other. I was unfaithful and cruel; you deserve someone as kind and as loyal as you are. You deserve someone as pure and as wonderful as Aine', just don't ever let go of her Matthew; just don't ever let go!"
I was amazed, I could tell she was being totally genuine; the games had finally stopped, and she was happy for me. Despite all that has happened, her blessing for our relationship meant the world to me; and reinforced that we were truly destined to be together. "Thank you Emily, thank you," I replied, positively beaming with gratitude.
"I also want to apologise for what happened between me and Dominic, I do feel guilty. I don't know if something is wrong with me or if it's a sick fetish, but for some reason I just get so hot even at the thought of cheating. I know it's terrible and I should be ashamed; but I just can't explain it." Every word was so honest and sincere it was impossible not to sympathise with her.
"Look, I can't say that I wasn't hurt or that I even understand what happened. Though... at the same time I don't want you to be upset, I forgive you Emily, I want you to know I genuinely mean that as well." She smiled, tears in her eyes as I leaned forward and embraced her for a long and comforting hug. "It's okay Emily, it's okay, I'm here," I soothed as I patted her on the back and held her tight. Finally, the guilt from what had happened had hit her, the sweet caring Emily I had admired all those years had returned; and needed my comfort.
"Thank you Matthew," Emily said before we gently let go of each other. There was another few moments of silence as she wiped the tears from her eyes with the sleeve of her jumper, and we sat leaned close to each other; with a deeper and more intimate understanding.
"I also wanted to thank you Matthew for getting your own back at Dominic yesterday, after you left he was absolutely furious, I've never seen him like this and..." letting out the most genuine and heartfelt chuckles that inferred upon her next words no malice or malintent, "and he brought me back here to have the most incredible sex I've ever had, I don't know what overcame him, I really don't; it's hard to describe how good it was." Whilst on the face of it her words were mind-blowing, they were spoken so openly and affectionately; I could only be happy for her.
"Oh, sorry I hope you don't mind Matthew?" She quickly added, all of a sudden remembering she had just apologised for cheating with Dominic literally moments earlier.
I must have chuckled for almost a whole minute, tears gathering in my eyes as Emily joined in (although not quite understanding why) as I laughed at the sheer lotacracy of the situation, at Emily's shy and bashful manner as she unintentionally fumbled what could have been a heartfelt moment, and most of all I laughed in mere rumination that once again Dominic had outdone himself.
Laughter that amounted to a sad understanding that whilst we had to end our friendship here, I couldn't help respect him. "That's fine Emily, that's fine, I've moved on now, and all I want is for you two to be happy. I'm meeting Aine' for lunch at the library, and that's honestly all I care about!"
We sat in silence for a further few minutes, recovering from our laughter and both wiping tears from our eyes. The last week truly had been a roller-coaster of emotions, and in the end; it seemed everything had worked out the best for everyone. I was the happiest I have ever been in my life, happy that Emily and I had come to an understanding; and happy that we had both found someone.
A moment later the kitchen door swung open before Dominic came strolling through sporting the much-hated sandal/sock combo and a pair of shorts. I always found it impressive how he had the confidence to walk around the dorm half-naked, if perhaps a little intimidating. "Good morning Dominic," I called over to him as he grabbed himself some cereal, totally ignoring me as he slumped down on the sofa beside Emily. "Good morning," I asked again jovially; yet Dominic merely plopped his feet up on the table in front of me.
"Okay, okay, I get that you're annoyed, I realise that last night didn't go exactly how you wanted, though if I'm honest that was kind of the point." If he thought the silent treatment was going to work, was going to elicit some sort of apology on my part; he was wrong. "Last night was a lesson that you can't always get what you want Dominic, that lately you've been a pretty terrible friend," whilst I surprised myself with how direct I was being; standing up to Dominic would always draw an underline fear; he was unpredictable when angry.
There was a moments silence as Dominic chomped down his cereal, before he stopped, wiped his mouth with his arm and stared intensely into my eyes; the room fell silent as I waited in dreaded anticipation as to how he might react. Another moment passed, the tension grew steadily as I refused to break his gaze, until finally he spoke...
"I've been a terrible friend? I've never gone out of my way to hurt you; it's not my fault Emily practically threw herself at me! Meanwhile you set this whole dinner up just to trick and embarrass me; leave me slumped with a huge check! I want you to apologise now Matthew, I've never been this pissed off in my whole fucking life!" Dominic shouted, clearly infuriated.
I couldn't quite believe the nerve he had to lecture me on friendship, to demand that I apologise as if this had all been my fault as if he had no choice but to fuck my girlfriend! His stubborn arrogance was exasperating, I wanted nothing more than to jump forward and punch the living shit out of this cocky teenager right this instant. However, perhaps because I knew I couldn't win in a physical fight; or perhaps because I knew the real reason he was so angry; I restrained myself.
"Please Dominic, you're not upset because we embarrassed you, or because you had to pay an expensive bill that I'm sure Emily contributed more than generously to," as I drew upon all the strength and self-confidence gained over the past few days, I knew that this time I would well and truly have him.
"Your upset because you didn't get to fuck Aine', a truly magnificent girl who chose me over you in a heartbeat! Who would never be with a guy like you! That's why you're really upset, am I right? Am I fucking right? Because for once I have something you can't have, because your jealous, because your fucking jealous and that's all there is to it!" I shouted as I stared intensely into his eyes.
Silence befell the room, and whilst the familiarity of this situation wasn't to go unnoticed after my tirade earlier in the week; this time was different. This time I felt my words hit home, judging from both Dominic's stunned silence and the years I had spent getting to know him; I knew that I was right. Taking his lack of response as final confirmation I continued to speak with softly spoken smugness and utter conviction, "pathetic Dominic, and you have the gall to question my friendship? It's over, we're done, goodbye."
• • •
As I washed and got changed into a fresh pair of clothes in my room, I had arrived at a conflicting set of emotions. I felt great sadness that I had ended my friendship with my best and only true friend I have ever had, and yet, at the same time a great weight had been lifted off from my shoulders. It felt as if I had found clarity, as to who I was in this world, and who I wanted to be. The chance of a fresh start, to surround myself with people similar to Aine' who truly cared about me; and begin to forge the future I had always dreamt about.
It was with this newfound optimism that I headed outside with a skip in my step, uncharacteristically plugging in my ear pods on the move as I listened to 'Don't Stop Me Now' by Queen; and recited the words in my head as I head towards the library. It was a beautiful new day and I felt fucking great, a new man who had the strength to fight his own battles, and however clichéd an enduring belief that nothing could stop me now.
As I entered the library, as an architect in learning it was hard not to appreciate the incredible space; that consisted of five well-lit floors arranged around a central expansive atrium that ran straight up to a large sunroof above. As I looked up light chamfered out from each floor and from this sunroof, mixing together to bask the space in its golden presence as if I were in a dream. Then fittingly as I lowered my head there she was, doused in a light that revealed her true angelic gorgeousness as she gazed lovingly in my direction, my mystery girl.
Without thinking I hugged her tight, smelled her luxuriant hair and didn't let go for a whole minute; the swarm of students moving between us only a faint blur. Although we had been away from each other for just over an hour, it felt as if I hadn't seen her for weeks. It was clear that the future I had planned involved her, as if I could hardly manage an hour separated; how could I possibly last a lifetime?
"Did you do it Matthew?" She whispered as we held still in each other's arms.
"Yes, it's done," I replied.
• • •
Sitting down at the cafeteria we ordered lunch, or in our case it might have been called breakfast. Being within her presence imbued the whole world with greater optimism, as I began to notice the beauty in all things. From total strangers enjoying the park, to new friends getting to know each other; and couples enjoying each other's company. Nevertheless, as we sat next to a large glass window that had great sycamore and oak tree's reflected upon its surface with a whiff of pine that would filter through upon every new entry; still nothing could compare in beauty to my mystery girl.
"What are you thinking about Matthew?" She asked as she noticed I was deep in thought.
"How beautiful you are," she blushed.
"Look how happy you are now that you've stopped being friends with Dominic, it's great to see Matthew. Really nobody needs that kind of guy in their life," at first she sounded so optimistic, then once again her tone became irritant, "I mean he is just such an narcissistic prick, from learning psychology I know all too well that that is a guy who was clearly never told 'no' as an answer as a child. And nobody has probably ever kept his ego in check since, never told him he doesn't look nearly as handsome as he thinks he does, or that sex is far from the most important part of a relationship!"
"Can we talk about something else please? It just seems you talk about him a lot," I replied, having noticed this peculiar new habit of hers.
"Sure of course, sorry Matthew, I didn't mean to, it's just, it's just that ass hole really pisses me off. At least now with any hope we don't ever have to see him or that smug stupid face of his again, you could even stay at my dorm if you wanted."
I smiled and nodded, whilst the idea of staying with Aine' at her dorm every night seemed incredible; I couldn't help but feel slightly uneasy how often she had mentioned Dominic. Perhaps I had become so used to his antics that it was understandable she would be more effected by that evening than I was, or perhaps since she had admired me so much; she couldn't stand to see me treated the way I was by him. I decided to see the best in her, as she would do for me and indeed complete strangers, anything less on my part would be a disservice to the loyalty and strength of her remarkable character.
"You do know Aine' if it weren't for you I would still be in the gutter, at rock-bottom without a single hope. You're the most determined and awe-inspiring person I've ever known, you seem to somehow hold all the answers to my problems. I can't thank you enough for what you've done, I'm now more confident and optimistic than I've ever been! I feel like I can do anything I set my mind to; I genuinely feel like I have something unique to offer this world; this wonderful world! And I owe all this change to you, I doubt I can ever return the favour, but I'll damn sure try my best!"
She smiled and blushed, and as she wiped a tear from her eye I finally realised exactly what kind of person she was. She couldn't stand to see people suffer and loved to build people back up; loved to help them see the best in themselves. I must have truly been her greatest accomplishment yet, and the proof was in her eyes. We held hands together across the table, as we waited for our food and thankfully avoided the topic of Dominic for the rest of our conservation; I only wished that every day could be like this.
• • •
After lunch I took the steps up the fourth floor of the library were the architectural books were located, searching for resources to help with a History essay. Aine' didn't have any particular academic reason at the moment to need books, however whilst waiting for me she decided to kill time by having a search in the phycology section a floor below mine.
I always found searching for books in a library a nightmare, my mind struggling to wrap around the seemingly over-complicated organisational system of letters and numbers that never seemed to add up. As I searched row after row I only wish Aine' had joined me, undoubtedly she or any girl for that matter would have found these books within a few minutes.
I chuckled, what I had just thought must have been some kind of ludicrous 'micro-aggression' and yet; I couldn't help but feel affection for the undoubtable femininity of Aine's appeal. Together we would make a good team, each contributing something the other couldn't. Or more accurately, together at least I wasn't totally useless.
After 10 or so minutes I had gathered the majority of the books I needed in my ruck-shack, and as I walked out from the row of bookshelves and followed along the glass railing overlooking the atrium; my eye caught the attention of what appeared to be Dominic; pacing briskly through the bottom floor of the library before he quickly disappeared amidst a swarm of students. Had my eyes deceived me? If this were indeed Dominic, what could he possibly be doing in the library of all places?
I stayed by the railing for a moment, my eyes searching frantically amongst the crowd as I tried to locate him again, until suddenly I noticed a figure walking up stairs to the next floor up. Wearing the same sandal/sock combination with a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, with a well-built physique and unusually messy hair; this was most certainly Dominic.
However, whilst normally he would spend some time on his presentation in the morning, from gelling his hair to putting on somewhat decent over-branded clothing; today it had seemed as if he had just thrown on a t-shirt that when combined with bed hair made for a particularly dishevelled appearance.
From the odd glance I saw of him between the rows of bookshelves or passing students he seemed to be walking with such purpose, as he was quickly glancing down each row it was clear that he was searching for someone. My eyes darted up to the floor above, and I noticed Aine' crouched within one of the rows of bookshelves; carefully filing through books. Could Dominic be searching for her? What possible reason could there be? Or was he searching for me? To make amends for our friendship after what had happened earlier? Could Emily have told him where we were?
As Dominic hurriedly searched every row of books on his floor it would only be mere minutes before he would find Aine', if I moved now I could reach her before he could. Perhaps it would be best if we were together, that way we could deal with him as a united force, that way I could make sure that I protected her. And yet, despite all these thoughts I stayed totally still, watching him walk up the steps to the floor Aine' was currently on.
I don't know why I didn't move, perhaps a part of me was curious as to what would happen if I didn't; perhaps I was merely confident that nothing bad would ever happen. Regardless it would be too late for me to reconsider now, as Dominic so hurriedly searched each row he had almost missed Aine' and moved onto the next before returning his gaze for confirmation.
For this brief excruciating moment as I watched Dominic stare down the row towards my girlfriend who was innocently admiring a book she had found, my heart must have been racing at the speed of light as I hated myself for not acting sooner. Although I was at a distance, it was clear from the ferocity of Dominic's intense stare and the sheer momentum of his formidable stride towards Aine' that he was of a single mind, of a single truly dreadful purpose.
I stood frozen, too scared to move or shout, as Dominic grabbed her by the wrist and forcibly pulled her to her feet. She turned to face him in horror, before swinging her free arm through the air to deliver a powerful slap the likes of which far eclipsed the one last night. I winced as the first powerful slap landed, his face reverberating as he seemingly let slap after slap smack across his face whilst still holding one arm tight.
"Let go of me! Let go off me you fucking ass hole!" Aine' shouted as she continued to pelt him with uncontrolled ferocity, Dominic withstanding each powerful swipe as slowly but surely Aine' began to run out of energy and drive until her slaps became weaker and weaker. As I watched frozen in disbelief and as she pitifully squirmed in a futile attempt to break free from his overbearing grip; these slaps had weakened under the threshold of pain; almost mere grazes upon his face.
Then the squirming ceased, and the 'slaps' became totally ineffectual to the degree that there was no movement whatsoever; only a hand trailing slowly down across his face; fingers grazing over his lips. I couldn't understand what I was watching, as Dominic took her hand in his, locking their fingers together, they appeared to share a brief connection amidst an excruciating stillness. Without her even realising it he had now the control of both her arms within his grip; allowing him to effortlessly swing her around and throw her down across the carpet floor.
My whole word was shaking, as she lay on all fours across the carpet she seemingly had no time to move or to resist before Dominic pulled her jeans half-way down her legs, and without any hesitation buried his face into her backside. My mouth was left wide open as I watched Dominic feverishly eat out my girlfriends pussy out in the middle of the library, his eager expression mostly hidden behind her squirming buttocks as he lapped up her succulent juices with an unforgiving passion.
"Stop it, what the fuck are you doing," I could faintly hear Aine' protest as she felt Dominic's tongue enter her, though her tone was more confused than angry. "Please... oh OH.... Please stop it..... oh SHIT!" She protested once again, this time in between outbursts of erotic pleasure that were utterly unfathomable. Although this egregious act was happening right before my eyes, albeit a fair distance away, it was so awful and unbelievable that my poor mind couldn't at first process this as a reality; no less attempt to intervene.
"I have a boyfriend; I have oh OH... crap! I have a fucking boyfriend!" My sweet mystery girl blurted out, as her cunt was ravaged by Dominic's merciless tongue; "Oh oh GOD! Oh crap, why does, why does it have to feel so fucking good? NO! NO! I love Matthew, please stop, please, please... oh OH GOD!" Protesting amidst a slur of uncontrollable bouts of pleasure, that once combined with her dripping pussy and contorting limbs all too painfully revealed her true feelings.
As he steadied her by grabbing hold of her luscious ass cheeks, allowing his tongue to pillage the cunt of the girl I loved most of all with a phenomenal talent; I continued to watch in utter horror as opposition was slowly transformed to pure ecstasy on the part of her face. As her body writhed in pleasure, as her arms dragged frantically across the carpet in a pitiful attempt to tolerate the tremendous pleasure of Dominic's tongue that had now laid bare to the pussies of both girlfriends I had ever had; the reality started to sink in.
My breathing started to escalate out of control, to the degree that as I watched the utterly unthinkable happen in front of my eyes I must have been on the verge of a panic attack. My thoughts were a mess trying to make sense of this all, struggling to comprehend why she was letting him do unspeakable things to her; struggling not to explode into either unyielding anger or uncontrollable tears.
I started to feel physically sick as I watched Dominic devour her pussy, juices spraying out from her as his tongue masterfully oscillated and swirled within her electrified cunt as if perfectly attuned to elicit maximum pleasure. Suddenly Dominic grabbed hold of her arms once again, that by pulling them towards him with an uncompromising force locked her in a vice; sending sensational shivers straight through her entire juddering body as his tongue penetrated with ever greater intensity and unparalleled dexterity.
Although a struggle, the silence of the library meant that I could painfully hear every word Aine' was about to speak, that whilst not noticeably different in substance as to what I had previously heard, had imbued within them a whole new destructive meaning, "Oh my God you're such an arrogant prick Dominic, you're such a fucking ass hole!" She moaned in a combination of both flirtation and anger as Dominic remained painfully steadfast, engorging himself with this delicious pussy as this reckless struggle continued.
At this stage, any desire to intervene had ceased, prevented from total breakdown only by a terrible fascination as to what was overcoming my girlfriend's body. Undeniability I had an erection, that once mixed with the devastating hurt and sorrow created a cataclysmic paradox of emotions; set to either explode in orgasm or tears or both as I watched hopelessly on. The deepest fear that had always laid at the deepest reaches of my mind seemed to be coming to fruition, unfolding at an excruciating pace.
"You think you can just get away with anything don't you? Do you never not get what you want to arrogant piece of shit?" She moaned as tears formed in her eyes from the guilt-ridden pleasure, hating every intoxicating moment as Dominic buried his face deeper into her ass, savaging her yet untamed cunt with an unmatched fervour. "Oh shit, you fucking asshole!" She cried, as her whole body was overcome with unruly delight.
Suddenly an innocent student accidently walked down their aisle in front of them, whilst momentarily blocking my view, all I heard was Dominic shouting, "Fuck off!" As this stranger quickly darted out of the aisle with a confused expression of both fear and astonishment, I was staggered by the forcefulness and audacity of Dominic; that made abundantly clear the horrifying fact that literally nothing was going to stop him from tutoring this poor girls cunt.
A primal energy had consumed him as he resumed the frenzied pursuit of my girlfriends quaking body, as to my dismay he began to repeatedly bump his pelvis region up against her bare buttocks. Although thankfully contained within his shorts, his huge manhood was undoubtedly pressing up against her ass, that with every bump sent her jolting slightly forward.
Whilst this act might have started off slow and confused, Aine' not at first exactly sure what was happening or how to respond, a few awkward moments later the pace had began to slowly speed up, and much to my astonishment Aine' even started to return the favour by twerking her ass up against his bulging crotch! "I shouldn't, I shouldn't be doing this," she moaned as she felt the outline of Dominic's huge cock rub up against her tantalising pussy, "Matthew's my boyfriend! And I love him, I truly do!"
"Does Matthew make you feel like this?" Dominic replied as he pulled her up and threw her against the bookshelf, losing one of his sandal's in the scuffle as I was astounded by the ruthlessness of his words, realising that he had never before been this direct or purposefully cruel I wondered what possibly could have changed? Or what possibly could have overcome him?
As she grabbed hold of the shelves in anticipation for what would come next, Dominic pulled his t-shirt up over his head without bothering to remove his arms from their sleeves as if purely to reveal his sculpted abs; and in a particularly gangster-esque fashion. Then once again I began to watch Dominic thrash up against her, now with a renewed energy she could definitely feel exactly how huge his dick was through his shorts, and it was little wonder that Aine' began to moan louder and louder.
As Dominic threw his arm out to cover her mouth with his hand, no sooner where her illicit moans muffled than the whole bookshelf began to shake; tumbling books down into the adjacent row and startling a few other students. "Does Matthew make you feel like this?" He asked again more assertively, as he threw his entire strength into each remarkable thrust; teasing her with merely a fraction of the incredible pleasure that his cock could elicit before momentarily freeing his hand so that she could speak.
"I can't say! I can't say, that's terrible!" She moaned as she was painfully torn between the love of her boyfriend and the sensational pleasure that Dominic could offer. He was infinitely more powerful and dominating than I had been, and there was no question of who was in control. As he grinded himself up against my girlfriend, much to my frustration his casual clothing and dishevelled appearance only accentuated how fine a specimen he truly was.
At only 18 years old he had the build and looks of a supermodel, and as I was only all too aware the capabilities of a seasoned pornstar. What was much more infuriating however, was the revelation that the kind and humble Dominic that I had always knew might merely be a façade; his arrogance and sense of superiority now revealed through every unapologetic thrust and every crude remark. "Do you feel it? Do you feel how huge my cock is?" he grunted before he hung his body over her, proceeding to whisper inaudible words into her ear.
Finally, with a smug smirk now upon his face, I had realised that Dominic was only all too aware of his capabilities, and that despite kind humble appearances; when push came to shove was determined to have things go his way without much thought as to how this might affect others. Did he ever even contemplate the pain and sorrow that seducing my girlfriend for the second time would cause? Did he not realise how much I truly loved her? That she was my everything.
Distraught and resentful, as I stood leaning against the railing watching Dominic ravage my girlfriend, my wonderful mystery girl; a part of me was seriously tempted to just jump over and fall the four floors to my probable death. At least then the torment would end, at least then Dominic would certainly feel guilty; the kind of guilt that stays with you the rest of your life, at least then I would finally win.
Suddenly Aine' appeared in my mind, her sweet soothing smile and calming demeanour instantly absolving such dreadful thoughts as I remembered what she had said on that fateful day we had met in the park, "In time you can find the person that is right for you, all it takes is a little bravery and perseverance," whilst Dominic continued to furiously eat her out, I realised that this must have simply been a test of my resolve.
Was I going to abandon all the progress and self-confidence I had regained in the last week? Was I going to allow Dominic to steal my girlfriend for the second time? Was I going to allow my mystery girl, who I loved more than heaven and earth; to be taken from me out of sheer weakness? Instead, I need to be brave and to persevere, now most of all; this is what Aine' would want.
Suddenly I felt an intense anger coursing through every vein in my body, focused purely on Dominic. No longer was he my best friend, rather just a smug teenager who had stepped too far, and who needed to be taught a lesson. There was still hope before the situation escalated too far, however small, that I could win her back.
• • •
I marched through the library with great resolve, and although my mind was still a mess from what I had just witnessed; it was at least clear what had to be done. An undisputed show of force, preferably by surprise as to tip the odds in my favour, to let Dominic and Aine' both know that this was totally unacceptable. That I wasn't going to submit without a fight, and that if my love and commitment to her were to mean anything that I needed to fulfil my end of the relationship; I needed to be there for her as she was for me.
Already I was on their floor, working my way around the atrium, passing by a series of bookshelves and curious students until I had come to the row that had books strewn across the carpet. Slowing my approach to ensure I would still have the element of surprise; all I could hear was my heart pounding as I struggled to keep my breathing under control. Peering through the recently created gaps in the bookshelf there was no sign of them, before concluding that they must have been on the floor.
As I jumped around the corner, ready to pounce upon Dominic the instant I lay my eyes upon his smug face, ready to unleash an anger far more extreme and raw than has ever overcome my every waking desire; for once in my life I was actually willing to take control! However, as I glared down the row, a lone sandal and a few scattered books were the only identifiable markers of what had happened; short-lived relieve was thus quickly interchanged by an impending fear of something far far worse.
I ran down the row in a panic until I came to the railing, my eyes darting over the swarm of students that filled the foyer until sure enough; I noticed Dominic following Aine' towards the exit. Where the hell were they heading to? My mind struggled to even entertain the prospect that they were thinking of taking things even further, deciding to head somewhere private in order fully unleash their passions. At any rate, I wasn't going to let it get to that stage, as I quickly headed towards the stairs.
Running down several flights frantically, knocking into several students in the process; I didn't care who got in my way as long as I stopped Dominic. I pushed through the crowd until I came to the exit, desperately searching the park for any sign of them until alas it came to no avail, realising that I must have been too late. Where could they have gone? There was only two feasible directions, either towards Dominic's or Aine's dormitory.
Since Dominic was following after Aine', and since her dormitory was located closer to the library; I decided to run in that direction. Although I wasn't in athletic gear, I was able to save some appearances by appearing to jog for the sake of exercise; that is common around campus. If only they knew the real reason that I was running, if only they knew how near a total breakdown or how completely terrified I was. If I lost my nerve now, if I ended up being too late to stop them; I feared the situation might simply be out of my control.
I barged my way through the doors of the dormitory just as a couple of girls were exiting and ran up the stairs in a blurry panic to arrive at her floor mere seconds later. Darting down the hallway there was yet no sign of them, and as I pressed my ear up against her door there was mere silence. Opening the door with the key Aine' had lent me, I was only greeted with a neatly arranged circle of teddy-bears laying across her bed.
Perhaps I had over-exaggerated the situation, perhaps Aine' had finally come to her senses and told Dominic to 'fuck off'; before leaving the library to get away from him. However, an incoming text, that once I unlocked my phone left me with more questions than answers, unfortunately added to my anxiety.
Hi Matthew, sorry had to jump, ran into a few friends see you later this evening! :)
As much as I wanted to believe this text, as much as I wanted to blindly trust my wonderful mystery girl; after what had happened in the library I had to see for myself. Realising that they might have headed to Dominic's room, my heart literally jumped a beat as feared what might proceed my foolish mistake.
There was surely still time remaining before it would be too late, and as I sprinted out of her room without wasting anytime closing the door I wasn't anything but a stumbling distraught mess hanging onto the faintest of hopes through sheer naive optimism. I wouldn't let this happen to me, not again, not if I haven't learned anything from my mistakes and become a better man; not if my love for this most incredible girl was real!
Sprinting through campus, there was no longer any false pretences, this was a man clearly unhinged, bordering on the cusp of a total breakdown so much so that everyone would know that my actions were purely derivative of pure panic and fear. I didn't care, for once in my life I finally didn't care about what other people thought, since the only person I cared about was her, my sweet mystery girl.
Running past confused classmates and even sending a random student stumbling to the ground as I flew past, I thought about the future I had often dreamt about, I thought about living a successful fulfilling life with a few loyal friends and Aine' forever by my side. Settling down in some modest suburban home raising a family, satisfied only by the love we would give to each other and nothing more.
This was a future I would sacrifice everything for, and I would be damned to let slip out of my hands when I've come so far, and when such a future wasn't all that improbable or distant. For my whole life I have lived in perpetual mediocrity, holding out hope through my characteristically yet irrational optimism that one day I would change, one day I would become more confident and popular; that one day I would find the one!
Beyond all unlikelihood and despite awful setbacks, this day had finally arrived, Aine' had turned me into the person I had always aspired to be. Was I going to let all this progress go to waste? Did I not deserve better, did I not deserve the same happiness that everyone else enjoyed? I wasn't asking for much, only a loving girlfriend, a decent job, and a few good friends, and after all I've been through this would seem infinitely more important to me than to anyone else.
Finally, I had arrived at the third floor of my dormitory, the hallway was empty, and there was utter silence apart from heavy breathing; myself now an utter mess from sprinting around campus twice. As I slowly caught my breath whilst edging down the hallway towards his room, there was still absolute silence, and for a tremendous moment I even allowed myself to think I had nothing to worry about; that I should have trusted Aine'.
However, as I came near the door, my heart must have stopped, and suddenly all the anger, fear, and desperation that I had felt subsided. Replaced solely with utter devastation, the kind that clung unforgivably tight and crushed all hopes; as my deepest insecurities and fears became painfully personified by the all too familiar sock upon Dominic's doorknob; that had been hung when fucking the brains out of any unfortunate girl that presently had his attention.
I gasped and stumbled back in sheer shock of this realisation, falling against the wall opposite as my worst fears were all but confirmed. Even though there was as yet no noise coming from inside, and at this moment if I had kicked down the door and confronted Dominic there was still a real chance that I could have stopped this horrendous situation; I merely lay defeated against the wall as the gravity of what was happening hit me with full force. Dominic had successfully seduced my girlfriend for the second time and was about to fuck her!
Before I had time to process my thoughts any further, Emily came through the kitchen door and looked quite startled and confused to see me. Although she could certainly tell that something had gone wrong, as I lay distraught against the wall, it was obvious that this was the extent of her knowledge.
Despite all that had happened between us, the pain and embarrassment that I will never forget; there had been a new mutual understanding formed just hours earlier and now as I found myself betrayed by the one I loved most of all; she was at least temporarily the only one I could trust and share my pain with.
I whispered in words devoid of all emotion, not in denial of the situation, but rather due to an all too visceral understanding of what was happening, "Dominic came to the library Emily, he.... he seduced Aine', he brought her back here to fuck her.... the girl I love most in the world.... the girl I know loves me. How is this fair? How do I possibly deserve this? What should I do?"
As I looked at her in pure desperation for some glimmer of hope, for something that I might somehow had missed or as if beyond all rationale she might be able to magically rewind time; unfortunately I knew I was asking too much of her. If I had any suspicion that she had encouraged Dominic to seduce my girlfriend as part of her sick fetish, these had been firmly laid to rest by the look of genuine sadness and pity upon her face.
"Jesus Christ Matthew, I'm.... I'm so so sorry. That is terrible, truly terrible," her words merely confirmed this reality, and although sympathetic in nature; somehow further compounded the pain and agony of the situation.
Just then I heard inaudible mumbles from inside the room, that as I brought my ear against the door were painfully revealed as the softly spoken words of my Aine', "I'm still not sure I want to do this, what if, what if Matthew were to find out, it would utterly devastate him, after you cheated on his previous girlfriend, I fear... I fear no man could deal with that twice."
To my horror Dominic merely chuckled in response, "Don't worry he won't, and even if he does, he won't be able to do anything about it." Clearly Dominic was purely thinking about himself and the imminent animal pursuit of this magnificent beauty as he continued with his cruel words, "Just forget about Matthew now, I'm going to show you how a real man fucks, and afterwards you won't have any regrets, afterwards you'll be utterly addicted to my amazing cock like all girls are!"
"That won't happen, this is just a one-time thing, I still love Matthew, I love him more than anyone or anything! I'm just.... I'm just having sex with you to prove that, to prove that nothing can separate us!" Dominic laughed as he listened to the half-delusional justifications of my mystery girl, that seemed to make sense only to me; and provided the only glimmer of hope that I could find.
As I heard a shuffling noise coming from inside I looked across at Emily, and realised that Dominic's heartless words must have proven too much for her and her twisted fetish as I noticed her hand fumbling inside her trousers; forcefully fingering herself up against the wall whilst reciting the words, "this is terrible," repeatedly in a half-mumble whilst her eyes closed tight as if to imagine what was happening inside. And as such, I was left utterly alone to deal with this impending travesty; now deprived of anyone to console or support me.
I clenched my fist as I heard an unmistakeable moan escape from Aine', as I hoped beyond hope that Dominic hadn't just done what I feared I clenched my teeth and shut tight my eyes as I heard the moan cease, replaced with an almost hyper-ventilating breathlessness as if his cock was simply too huge for her to handle; far bigger than anything she had been used to in the past.
"Oh my God you fucking tight bitch, take my fucking fat cock!" I heard Dominic grunt as I heard an undeniable thumping noise, the pace of which slowly increasing, as these sickening slaps were proof that Dominic was now laying total ownership of her magnificent body.
As I imagined him fondling her perfect breasts whilst his huge cock began to savage her gorgeous pussy, an inner-battle inside my mind was being played out by the forces all too willing to submit to the pain; and the final remanence of those forces stirred onwards only by the words of my sweet mystery girl and my undying optimism that sought once again to miraculously rescue myself from devastation.'Be brave and persevere,'I continued to recite this over and over again, as I heard the moans of pleasure resume from inside, now painfully loud.
'Be brave and persevere, be brave and persevere, be brave and persevere, be brave and persevere,'I continued to recite over and over again, summoning every final trace of courage and hope that I could possibly find as the girl I loved most of all began to almost scream in pleasure; overwhelmed by a raw animal pleasure the likes of which only Dominic could offer. 'Be brave and persevere, be brave and persevere, be brave and persevere,'as her moans were only eclipsed in energy only by the ludicrous pace by which Dominic was now presumably swinging his entire cock inside and out of her widening cunt.
'Be brave and persevere, be brave and persevere, be brave and persevere, be brave and persevere,'as I somehow managed to mask out the incredible screams of pleasure and rampant thrashing only for a mere moment, just long enough to think back to all the amazing times we had spent together, sitting within each other's embrace at our favourite spot in the park; or just being with each other as we laid naked in each other's arms within the warm recluse of her bed; and crucially just long enough to call upon all the strength and courage I would need.
'Be brave and persevere, be brave and persevere, be brave and persevere,'I muttered to myself as I took several steps back from the door, psyching myself up with foolish bravery and a despairing almost illogical perseverance, as Emily looked at me in disbelief and as I took my final step backwards in preparation; I charged forward with utter conviction and threw my entire weight against the door.
• • •
No sooner did the door swing effortlessly open than out of the sheer momentum of my courageous charge did I find myself tumbling across the floor in front of the bed. As my arms had lurched out to stop my fall, one hand had found its grip atop a pink pair of All-Star shoes; laid unlaced and strewn randomly across the floor. As the screams of pleasure instantly stopped, and as I slowly dared to look up across the floor scattered with more random pieces of clothing, trousers, tops, underwear... I came to look upon the bed.
Aine' lay reverse straddle across Dominic's waist, they were both totally naked; and although all movement had ceased in immediate shock as to my sudden intrusion, there was still the painful and undeniable proof if any was needed that I had indeed acted too late; found in Dominic's huge cock that disappeared into the pussy of the love of my life.
Aine' looked absolutely mortified as she stared down at me on the floor, as Emily slowly crept into the room behind me everyone was speechless and anxious apart from Dominic, who as he glanced down at me with a smug look of superiority upon his face with his arms folded arrogantly behind his head; didn't care in the slightest about my surprised intrusion. I could tell that Aine' hated herself for betraying me and for allowing this ass hole to ever get her in such a position, as an excruciating stillness befell the room.
Then after several further moments of rising tension, just when I thought that she might explode in tears and jump into my arms for a long comforting hug; to my utter astonishment Dominic's dick began slowly moving up and down like a stubborn piston getting into gear without a single word being spoken. By bending his knees, he was able to heave his pelvis upwards with remarkable force, and as he slowly increased his pace; Aine's mortified expression slowly contorted into something far more dreadful.
"I'm so sorry Matthew....... I'm oh OH...... I'm so so sorry, this isn't oh OH MY GOD..... this isn't what it looks like I promise!" She apologised amidst a slur of uncontrollable moans as Dominic's huge cock undulated repeatably into her conflicted cunt whilst the deep love for her boyfriend battled against perhaps deeper penetration; and it was clear to everyone which one was winning. "This isn't what it looks like Matthew, I'm just.... I'm just oh OH SHIT!" As her sentences trailed off into unavoidable profanity, totally uncharacteristic for Aine'; I felt compelled to help her.
"I know I know, you're just.... you're just proving to everyone that you truly do love me, that even after Dominic fucks you, I will be all that you need, isn't that right? Isn't that right Aine'?" Despite know how desperate and pathetic I must have sounded, Aine' needed to hear these words to help her feel better; indeed, I needed to hear them as well.
"That's it Matthew! That's it! I'm doing this for us, I'm doing this to prove that this oh, OH F-fuuuucking ASS HOLE can't steal me away, that nothing can separate our love," as we fed off each other's half-deluded denials, Dominic continued his relentless conquest, his huge cock now in full motion as it swung into her tantalising pussy with an earth-shattering force; eliciting several sickening wails of pleasure as I lay across the floor mesmerised.
Emily collapsed against the door to both shut it tight, and to create a buttress to vigorously finger her dripping pussy up against as she watched Dominic ravage my girlfriend right in front of my eyes. To her this was the realisation of the most mind-blowing and utterly wicked sexual fantasy that ever existed, one so awful and cruel that just this morning she had gave up all hope of fulfilling after she had realised how much we genuinely loved each other; unwilling to inflict such pain on anyone for mere sexual gratification.
As I watched Dominic lift her squirming legs up into the air, as he ravished my sweet mystery girl without a hint of restraint I watched his huge cock induce an indescribable pleasure; and excite new levels of passion that Aine' had never thought possible. Transfixed by the sheer agility and precision of Dominic's movements, as his hands cupped her beautiful breasts and his lips peppered her sultry neck with kisses above all I needed to know how this had happened.
Dominic had changed, and whilst Emily had noticed first, I was now the one forced to witness him ruin the love of my life with the fruits of a new raw primal energy yet eclipsed by even his most outlandish standards. He had become more dominant, and no longer seemed bothered to hide behind a façade of humility or kindness. From his smug smile, to his aggressive reprimands and his absolute conviction to fuck the literal brains out of the love of my life no matter the consequences.
"Why Dominic, why did you have to do this? Dear God! Why did you have to fuck her? You couldn't just have let me be happy? Just for once?" I cried as I desperately sought some form of clarity, as if there could be some greater meaning I had missed that could at least give purpose to every tremendous thrust that swung ruthlessly in and out of her now all too welcoming pussy. His masterful talent infusing every thrust with an unparalleled euphoric inducing power, slowly transforming my mystery girl; slowly altering her expectations.
"Look Matthew you were right," Dominic replied, "I didn't realise it at the time, but I was annoyed the other day because I wanted to fuck your girlfriend. I know that's terrible and If I'm honest I was struggling what to do about it, but then when you ended our friendship this morning I realised that it was all too simple; there was no longer anything stopping me."
These infuriating words were spoken with such a casual tone that once juxtaposed against the intensity of his thrusts, against the incendiary passion that flickered within Aine' as it seemed that she was building towards an incredible climax, just made his conquest seem all the more terribly effortless and routine.
Whilst Aine' moaned with this invigorating passion soon to be ignited, abandoning in these few short moments all thoughts of her boyfriend while she pitifully attempted to withstand the overwhelming pleasure; these words had provided no comfort or relief. As perhaps I had already known deep down, Dominic was fucking the love of my life purely because he wanted to, purely because he could.
"How is this fair?" I pleaded as I watched Aine' build towards an impending climax with dreaded anticipation, "What did I possibly do to deserve this? You have no idea how much this hurts me, how much this pains me to watch the person I love most in the world get absolutely ruined!" I must have almost been in tears at this stage, deprived of almost all hope and perseverance as the love of my life received a brutal unrelenting fuck; far better than I could ever dream to offer her.
"Look Matthew don't take this personally, this isn't some sort of revenge on my part; I'm just fucking an incredibly hot girl the best way I can," there was an undertone of infuriating smugness as he spoke whilst Aine' was pushed to the furthest precipices of overwhelming pleasure, "though if I'm perfectly honest, I don't give a shit how you feel about it!"
By mere chance these cruel words were perfectly timed with Aine's remarkable orgasm, as her legs writhed frenetically and her toes clenched over in a useless attempt to resist the orgasmic sensations; that preceded copious amounts of glistening fluid sprinkling out across the room, ushering out from her cunt with such force that a few sprinkles even landed across my face from a whole metre away! I kneeled before the bed utterly appalled, as Aine' recovered from her orgasm and Dominic laid still for a moment recovering his breath.
I couldn't believe what had happened, that after mere minutes Dominic had produced the greatest orgasm I have ever witnessed; and yet he was far from finished. Moreover Aine' was so aroused with unimaginable pleasure, that she seemed to be totally ignoring me; utterly enthralled by Dominic's every move and command. Although she didn't realise it yet this 'test' of ours was all but certain doomed to fail, he was slowly transforming her into his whore, and I feared she would soon become addicted to his superior cock.
"I'm not sure this is a good idea anymore; can we please just stop?" I pleaded as Dominic jumped off the bed, pulled Aine' by her ankles towards him with a wild energy; so that she was now laying on her back across the bed with her legs wrapped around his waist as she stared up at him standing tall above. "Can we please stop, I'm really not sure this is a good idea," I pleaded again as Dominic awkwardly fumbled his huge cock into her pussy, sending shivers through her entire body with its mere presence.
"SHUT UP MATTHEW! I'm trying to fuck your girlfriend!" Dominic shouted as the onslaught continued, his frenzied movements thrusting his huge cock far up inside my girlfriend, and as daylight filtered through glistening upon their quaking bodies; they truly did look like Greek Gods. Every inch of their bodies was without imperfection, every inch superior to mine as each thrust reinforced this terrible betrayal and reminded me how awfully inferior I was in comparison.
As I sat across the floor all of a sudden I felt Emily wrap her legs tight around my waist, resting her head upon my shoulder as her hand grasped my trousers, "Oh my God you have an erection!" She mocked as I realised that she was correct much to my embarrassment, "Do you like watching your girlfriend get fucked?"
"NO! NO! That's not it, I swear, I swear!" I replied as her hand reached into my trousers, feeling my rock-hard cock.
"Do you like watching your girlfriend get fucked by a man far superior to you? With a much bigger cock, helping her to reach levels of pleasure that your pitiful little dick could never hope to achieve?" I couldn't fully comprehend these unimaginably cruel words as her hand rummaged within my trousers, as I watched the love of my life surrender to Dominic's formidable lunges, as his legs sloped backwards across the floor to drive his manhood into her cunt with enviable force; whilst his hands grasped hold of her feet to stretch out her legs sideways.
"NO! NO I DON'T! I fucking don't," I cried with a mixture of both anger and confusion; traumatised by the violent penetrating bombardment that only Dominic was capable of, as Aine' was over-awed by an awful desire that had laid dormant within; laying in wait for this very moment as shockwaves shuddered throughout her trembling body awakening this new sick desire to be utterly dominated and used like a common whore.
As Emily fingered herself with increasing fervour, her words became crueller and cut ever deeper, "I bet what really infuriates you is that whilst Dominic can have literally anything he wants, by the simple fact from how you were born, you know deep down that you can't have girls like Aine' or me. Just look at Dominic, it's no coincidence that he has fucked both your girlfriends in a row!" As she revelled in the cruel reality of her words, I resisted every desire to believe them; every desire to forsake all the progress that I had made.
"The truth is that the most you can expect from your pathetic ugly existence is either to find a girl equal to you, if they exist, or to be privileged enough to be allowed to jerk off your little dick watching Dominic fuck them!" This surely couldn't be true, surely there are more important things in life than sex? Surely this is just childish immaturity, the mere fantasies of a sick twisted bitch that should never seriously be contemplated! This isn't how the real-world fucking works!
"I know you agree deep down, remember all those awful things you said about yourself the first time Dominic fucked me before you got all these silly ideas of self-worth and love into your head? Remember how you said that you were just an ant in comparison to him? That he showed you how a real man fucked?" I could no longer reply as Emily threw my own words back at me, utterly tormented and humiliated.
Before I had realised that Emily had left my presence, and before I could even notice what I was doing by the time her hand had left my cock for a mere second; I had already dropped my trousers and had started desperately tugging as hard as I could; as I watched Dominic penetrate the love of my life with a wild animal passion, her loins contorting in the air as she was set ablaze with a pleasure she had never even dreamt possible.
For a moment Emily looked down at me, with a look of total superiority mixed with disgust as she watched me pitifully lose all self-respect and dignity; jerking off to the sight of the love of my life being destroyed by a far better man. "Pathetic Matthew, pathetic, I really hoped you could have at least put up some sort of resistance," she scorned as to my horror she raised her leg up, pressed her boot against my face and then forcibly kicked me to the ground.
"Oh God, holly FUCKING SHIT!" I heard Aine' scream in pleasure as Dominic continued to rock her world with his terrible talent; and as I laid sprawled across the floor it seemed she was totally unawares to what had happened. As I picked myself back up Emily began to discard all her clothing until only her knee-socks remained, and as such I was forced to remember how frightfully beautiful and luscious her curves truly were.
Suddenly she jumped onto the bed and to my amazement crawled up along over the top of Aine'; and began licking Dominic's huge cock every time it exited the tortured cunt of my once innocent girlfriend. Without the need for any words or instruction, my sweet Aine' began licking the dripping pussy of Emily as she lay above her face; the pair moaning and wailing as if I was not even there.
"OH, fucking shit Dominic, you're the best you know that, the F-fuuucking BEST!" Emily cried as he seemingly increased the pace of his illicit lunches, the mere speed of his thrusts lapping up the glistening juices that ushered out from my girlfriends cunt; and sent them sprinkling across Emily's face as she licked up a sultry mixture of both this sticky fluid and his thick pre-cum.
As I collapsed down on a chair facing the bed, as the person who up until this morning had been my best friend since childhood, continued to fuck the living shit out my ex-girlfriend and the love of my life in ways that I never thought possible; I tugged my little cock away at the mere eroticism of it all as if I was watching the most incredible porn video.
Was Emily right? Was this all I could truly hope for, to settle or to watch Dominic fuck incredibly hot girls that were clearly out of my league? As they continued their unbridled sprawl, totally absorbed with each other's amazing bodies, I had a brief chance to look around what was only the all too typical room of a male teenager. Plastered all across the walls were posters of gorgeous scantily dressed girls, and as I resisted upon the furthest precipitous of total ruin; I noticed a few clichéd motivational placards adorning the corner of the room...
PAIN IS WEAKNESS LEAVING THE BODY
IF AT FIRST YOU DON'T SUCCEED, TRY, TRY AGAIN
SUCCESS CONSISTS OF GOING FROM FAILURE TO FAILURE WITHOUT LOSS OF ENTHUSIASM
I chuckled in half-despair, and half-derision; as I realised that there could be no purpose as to what was happening, that there could be no learnable moment or victory out of defeat. With every testosterone imbued thrust, that penetrated unforgivably deep into the cunt of the love of my life; Dominic was taking away from me a future that was infinitely happier and more optimistic than the reality presented in front of me now. There was no silver lining, only pain.
Aine' and I could have been perfectly content, living a happy relatively successful life together and she wouldn't have even known any better if it wasn't for Dominic, who chose to fuck her not because he wanted to vastly alter her wildest of expectations; rather simply because it would feel good. I could see it in her confused yet euphoric eyes that even if she didn't know it yet; she couldn't live without feeling this indescribable pleasure. Finally, and absolutely; I was pushed beyond the edge.
Dropping to the floor once again, I was no longer in control of my words as I started to beg, "Dominic you win, alright, you fucking win! You're better than me, so much better! I'm sorry for forgetting that, I remember now, I won't forget again just please; just please leave Aine' alone. I'm begging you as an old friend just please leave me a sliver of happiness, I'll do anything! I will literally do anything!"
Then in one swift simultaneous movement as he ignored my pathetic begging, and just after he had rocked my girlfriend into another powerful orgasm; his huge cock slid out of her cunt and slammed into Emily's throat, trailing a horrible bridge of pre-cum in the process. As Dominic clenched hold of her messy hair to hold her steady with one hand, fingering my girlfriends brutalized cunt with the other, he started to lunch forwards and backwards; and it was no surprise that she began to gag attempting to swallow every inch of this huge shaft.
"Oh GOD! That really is good, take my big fat cock!" Dominic grunted as Emily gurgled on the huge member, foamy saliva mixed with pre-cum seeping out of the sides as she struggled to withhold it's enormity. "You know Matthew, I really have to thank you, if it wasn't for you, I wouldn't ever be fucking these two amazing girls!" Whilst in this moment he sounded totally genuine, by the mere fact he never even turned to look at me while he said these maddening words spoke volumes about how he viewed me.
As he continued to shaft his huge manhood down Emily's gurgling throat with an immense force, I kneeled before them utterly distraught and without any hope, wanting nothing more than for this ordeal to be over. Wanting more than anything to hug the love of my life tight and to never let go, even if she had betrayed me and ignored my suffering I still loved her endlessly!
Suddenly as Dominic's dick lurched out of Emily's mouth, as every muscle tensed and shuddered still within his body until a moment later he let out an orgasmic gasp; the unrelenting sensations had proved overwhelming. Pushing Emily out of the way as to my astonishment he began to shoot load after load of his thick abundant cum, through the air and towards Aine' who was laying helplessly across the bed; absolutely lathering her in the dense liquid.
"HOLLY FUCKING SHIT!" He yelled as he tugged on his huge cock, shooting several more thick loads across the now glistening body of my stunned girlfriend as he relentlessly emptied his balls, covering her in even more cum than the sum of several of my ejaculations as the mere horrendous sight caused me to dribble out onto my hand.
"My God! That was fucking amazing, I don't think I've ever cum so much," said Dominic as he admired his work, before taking several steps back and collapsing on the chair opposite where I knelt. "Wasn't that fucking incredible Matthew?" Dominic bragged as he padded me on the back while I knelt mortified and chastised. Once the high from my pathetic orgasm had subsided all too quickly, I was only left with the gut-wrenching pain of betrayal and humiliation.
• • •
We all just took several minutes to recover and process what the hell had happened, Emily was sitting up against the wall while Aine' laid across the bed exhausted; still slathered in thick cum. The reality that Dominic had just fucked the brains out of Aine' had just sunk in, my mystery girl, who had helped me recover from the greatest pain and agony I've ever felt from the last time he had fucked my girlfriend!
"What was it like Aine'? Was it good? How do I compare?" I asked, even know from her cries of pleasure and her satisfied smile the answer might have been obvious; I needed to hear her say it.
She titled her head up to look at me, "Really Matthew? I mean, I guess it was quite good. Though there is no point comparing in-between you and Dominic, you are both very different, he is so rough and brutal; whilst you are so romantic and caring. It's hard to say which is better," as soon as she said this Dominic let out a little chuckle, adding to my embarrassment.
"I'll be ready for round two in a few minutes," he said to my disbelief while he gently tugged his now flaccid cock, which was almost as big as my penis fully erect. He couldn't be serious, even Aine' looked stunned, a combination of both terrified deference and bodily fear that she simply couldn't withstand any more brutal fucking. I knew now that if I allowed this to happen, she would become a different girl, an absolute slave to every sick desire Dominic might have. Any resemblance of the loving relationship we had now would disappear.
"That's enough! Jesus Christ Dominic, Aine' is my girlfriend, this is just too much to ask for! We'll just leave now and you can be with Emily," I was surprised that I could still maintain any level of assertiveness after the humiliation of the past half hour, however I had been utterly pushed beyond the edge and wasn't going allow either my girlfriend nor I to withstand any more of this torture.
"Matthew, it's not up to you to decide," Dominic replied coldly, as he continued to tug on his cock, staring eagerly at my girlfriend.
Emily who had been strangely quiet for a little while seemed to have a new devilish smile as if hit by a sudden wave of inspiration that had sent her hand into overdrive, fingering her clit unremorsefully, "Remember you said you would do anything for Dominic to stop fucking your girlfriend Matthew?" Pausing in between her sentence to let out a sick exasperated moan of pleasure as she revelled in the mere eroticism of her idea, "Did you really mean anything?"
Dominic and Aine' both looked confused as I replied with utter conviction, jumping at any chance I could have, "Yes, I love her, I would do anything for this shit to end!"
She let out a devilish laugh as her legs swung up into the air, continuing to pleasure herself with a renewed and unbridled passion; a devious glint in her eyes as we all watched on utterly perplexed. "Oh OH SHIT! No, no, I shouldn't say, I shouldn't, this is terrible, oh OH GOD! Truly fucking terrible!" Her sentences littered with uncontrollable outbursts of pleasure, as she mulled over the idea in her head, seemingly and almost paradoxically both greatly aroused and yet wholly ashamed by the idea.
"What is it? What the fuck is it?" I asked; irritated by her dithering erotic outbursts.
"Okay, okay, OKAY! I know this is pretty sick, but it just turns me on so fucking much!" She replied as she managed to calm down a little and control herself better, "What if, what if in exchange for Dominic promising not to fuck your girlfriend again, you have to eat all his cum across her body?"
As soon as she said these horrendous and truly incomprehensible words, Aine' let out a gasp of disgust while Dominic began to laugh and shouted, "That's fucking CRAZY! Jesus fucking Christ Emily! You're a sick fucking bitch!" My stomach turned at the mere thought of the idea, as I realised that this was literally the furthest from what I had in mind when it came to 'anything' and that such a diabolical idea could never have remotely crossed a mind even a fraction as depraved or twisted as that of Emily's; who seemed to moan in pleasure in reaction to our disgust.
"Well that's obviously never going to happen, that's utterly disgusting Emily," Aine' replied as she stared down at her glistening body; that was almost entirely streaked or glazed with enough cum that any rational person would conclude must have been the culmination of some sort of gang-bang.
It was utterly sick and revolting, and yet for some reason I couldn't stop thinking about the future, about things returning to how they were before and living perhaps not only the remainder of university but the remainder of my life with this magnificent mystery girl. Surely this was an albeit horrendous, though in the grand scheme of things small price to pay for a happiness and a fulfilment that could last a lifetime.
"And you would promise not to fuck my girlfriend Dominic?" I asked as I looked over at him with the upmost seriousness.
He paused for a moment before chuckling, "Fuck Matthew! Jesus, if you're actually willing to eat all that then sure, it's fucking disgusting but alright!"
Aine' turned to face me absolutely perplexed and disgusted that I would even contemplate such an idea, "Matthew, you're not serious? You're not fucking serious are you?" she implored in disbelief as I began to walk towards her, Emily fingering herself feverishly as Dominic stared onwards almost in disbelief. "Matthew you're joking right? You're fucking joking? There is so much of it!" She yelled as I leaned down in front of her and looked her straight in the eyes.
"This is how much I love you Aine'," were the only words I could muster while barely holding back the tears, before running my head up and down her chest; licking and swallowing every thick and pungent mouthful of the viscous liquid. As I lapped up the warm, almost salty liquid without much restraint, eager to end this utter humiliation as quickly as possible; Aine' looked down at me in utter disgust while Emily began to pleasure herself with an uneclipsed passion.
"That's it Matthew, eat all his fucking cum! I can't believe oh OH SHIT! I can't belief that you're actually doing it HOLY FUCK!" She cried in sick enjoyment as she watched me slurp up every revolting inch of the nauseatingly thick copious liquid, almost choking as it stuck to the sides of my throat as I could only think about the future; about how this would all be worth it and be but a distant memory once I could be with Aine' again. As I swallowed every last pungent ounce, wiping her once glistening body clean; I was just thankful it was finally fucking over!
"That's so F-fuuucking PATHETHIC MATTHEW!" Emily screamed as she rocked herself into a powerful orgasm, her legs writhing in the air as she contorted with a sick twisted pleasure derived solely from my pain. "I can't believe you actually eat another man's cum!"
I smiled as I met her gaze, "It's over now Aine', it's finally over, you can be with me," she patted me on the head and smiled; within her eyes a look of pity merged with disgust betrayed the valiant efforts to hide her true feelings; it was as if this was the moment that her impression of who I was changed.
"Yes Matthew, it's over, it's over," she replied, clearly bewildered from all that had happened, "I can't believe you did that for me," she added in a confused yet affectionate tone as I stepped back from the bed, and pulled my trousers back up.
It would be a lie if I said that I wasn't almost as confused and as disgusted as she was, I had sunk to levels I never thought possible; if perhaps not so much a testament to my love for my girlfriend than to my subservience to Emily and Dominic. No matter how I had fallen, no matter how my self-confidence and self-worth had been reduced almost to nothing within the space of a mere afternoon; I was just pleased that the ordeal was finally over. The only silver lining, I could now be with my sweet mystery girl.
"That was something else entirely" Dominic gasped from the chair across the room, one leg swung over the arm as if to decadently expose himself as to my terror I noticed his cock was now fully erect, "I just never thought you'd actually do it Matthew, it's a shame I'm still going to fuck her!"
I couldn't hardly believe that I had heard these words correctly, as he stood up and walked towards the bed I was unexpectedly overcome with a great rage; the final flickers of a man pushed well and truly beyond the normal realms of mere pain and humiliation. "I'm sorry? I'm sorry what? What the actual fuck Dominic? You promised? YOU FUCKING PROMISED?" I screamed as I paced towards him with this visceral rage, with every intention to lunge upon this arrogant ass hole and beat the shit out of him!
However, with one swift punch to the stomach followed by a quick shove to the ground this resistance proved far too late and too ineffectual to even make any difference. As I wailed in pain across the floor my sweet girlfriend cried to me, "Are you okay, are you okay Matthew?" Yet as Dominic jumped onto the bed and flipped my girlfriend onto her waist, with her head pressed against the quilt with her buttocks raised up into the air as if to invite the imminent penetration; worry for her boyfriend seemed crushingly secondary.
"You promised Dominic! How is this fair?" I cried as I lay across the floor, my stomach still stinging from the punch, "I eat your fucking cum! JESUS CHRIST! WHAT THE FUCK DOMINIC!"
However, as he kneeled behind her, bending her arm across her back to prove who was dominant as he merely graced the surface of my girlfriend's florid pussy with his manhood; teasing her with its presence he all but took one final glance down at me and said, "Life isn't fair," and with this he drove his entire cock mercilessly into the gaping cunt of a once strong confident woman now reduced to nothing more than a poor little girl the slave of his every desire.
"Oh OH CRAP! Oh F-fuuucking SHIT!" My mystery girl wailed helplessly as Dominic thrusted his entire weight behind each and every triumphant thrust, "I'm so sorry Matthew, oh OH FUCK! Just don't look Matthew, just don't look," she cried as the pleasure was too great to resist, too dreadfully powerful not to savour every heart-pounding second of his spectacular cock. Yet I sat before the bed utterly powerless and totally devastated, I was only all too mesmerised by his almost God given abilities not to watch every painful and unforgivable second as he fucked her into utter oblivion.
"Don't worry about Matthew, he can just jerk off like the last time Dominic fucked his girlfriend!" Emily teased as she sat down beside Aine', "though he probably can't even do that," she chuckled as she looked down at my flaccid cock with a smug smile, as I was forced to watch my girlfriend eagerly receive a much superior cock than mine, and to bear the pain and humiliation that every shameless thrust wrought without even the slightest relief of arousal.
The shameful shivers that vibrated throughout her entire trembling body transformed the screams of pleasure into a quiet protracted whimper, as her cunt was utterly ruined and tamed by an arrogant yet seemingly unstoppable teenager. "My God you're a fucking slut!" Dominic screamed as he hunkered over her, proudly swinging his cock into her throbbing pussy with an almost artistic talent, "Tell me how much you love my AMAZING COCK!"
I had never seen Dominic so effortlessly take control, so assured in his conquest of this poor girl that every movement seemed not only perfectly calculated, timed and exercised to elicit maximum pleasure; but rather that this mind-blowing fuck was an opportunity to prove how downright spectacularly gifted he was. "I said tell me how MUCH you love my AMAZING COCK!" He shouted again as he heaved his entire weight into a truly herculin thrust, his presence reaching inconceivably deep as my girlfriends entire body shook with an almost painful pleasure.
"OKAY! Okay," she surrendered, "I love your huge cock so so FUCKING MUCH DOMINIC! Oh, OH SHIT! It's so fucking good!" She squealed as she was inadvertently far more candid than she had intended to be, glancing down in my direction I could tell from her teary yet wild gaze that she really did regret this was all happening right in front of me; yet still that this regret was far surpassed by the wicked animal pleasure that Dominic could offer as he unapologetically drove his manhood into her drenched pussy.
"TELL ME SLUT! Who fucks you better?" Dominic's competitive side not letting her earlier remark slide that we were too different to compare, he was utterly destroying this poor girl's cunt and he wanted her to admit it; as to my astonishment he raised his leg over her body before pressing his foot against the side of her head crushing her into the mess of bed sheets in a wicked display of utter dominance.
Her eyes darted over to me in utter helplessness as she uttered these terrible words, "I'm sorry Matthew! I'm oh OH SO SORRY! You fuck me better Dominic! You fuck me SO MUCH BETTER!" She cried as she writhed both with an unremitting joy and a pure wicked thrill of being utterly conquered, this breathless brutal fuck seemingly had no boundaries as she surrendered to this arrogant teenager's every wish right in front of her loving boyfriend.
Suddenly as if they were just wild animals totally enthralled by each other's magnificent bodies, Dominic wrapped his arms around her waist before they rolled over off the bed landing amidst the clothes strewn across the floor; my girlfriend now atop his huge cock that sustained it's obstinate undulating pursuit of her radiating cunt. This incessant intoxicating sprawl continued without almost any remorse or guilt, as I watched from behind Dominic grasp her buttocks to heave her up and down and repeatedly rupture her now soaking pussy.
Emily laid across the bed on her belly as she watched this atrocious fuck seemingly surpass even her most wicked expectations, awakening within her a cruel desire that I was only all too familiar with; "Get naked Matthew," she demanded as I watched Dominic totally destroy my girlfriend, "I said get fucking naked Matthew!" She demanded more assertively after a mere second of indecision on my part, and as I began to take my clothes off, any backbone that might have resisted had disappeared alongside the last remaining innocence of my loving girlfriend; and any dignity or self-respect disappeared along with all my clothes.
"That's it Matthew good, now jerk your little cock off as you watch a far better man, who is only a mere teenager, take your girlfriend in ways that you never could. Eventually after you've become numb to the sight, you'll just understand that this is the natural order of things," I didn't dare disobey as I pitifully worked up my still flaccid little cock; as I watched a monster several times its size shatter the most outlandish peaks of sickening enjoyment, making my efforts seem woefully pathetic in comparison.
Then just when I thought I couldn't be further humiliated, just when I thought that I had been reduced to absolute nothing; and as Dominic brazenly spoiled her shameful pussy he uttered the most terrifying words; "Do you really love him?" Perhaps Dominic had been understandably overawed by this magnificent woman and wanted her all for himself, or simply couldn't understand how a girl like this could ever be with a guy like me; a literal cum-eating beta.
Whilst her instantaneous reply provided initial relief, "Yes, of course! Oh GOD! Well, I think so, I'm almost certain FUCK!" a moment of heart-wrenching doubt amidst a slur on uncontrollable arousal caused me to visibly wince, this couldn't be true, this couldn't FUCKING be true! This was the same girl that had spent countless hours by my side at the park, who had helped me grow as a person and who as we had laid within each other's comforting understanding embrace; I had been absolutely certain loved me!
"You're not sure?" Emily asked all too eager to join in on this cruel torment, "is it, oh God that's fucking awful! It isn't because you've realised how utterly pathetic Matthew is?" Emily laboured over these words as she derived a sick pleasure from them, as I continued to pull on my little cock watching Dominic swing his cock heartlessly into the unprotected cunt of my girlfriend; so rapid and repetitive was this movement that it was all but a blur as I slowly became numb to this atrocious sight.
"NO! No that's horrible, I can't say that, OH GOD! Dominic please, why do you have to be so fucking good! Please, please God FUCK! Why do you have to be so fucking good in comparison!" She screamed as she slammed her fists down upon Dominic's chest in anger, before he grasped her arms tight refusing her even this solace as I watched this gorgeous girl become absolutely powerless; ambushed by several conflicting emotions that shook to the very core of her beliefs.
As Dominic's legs began to quiver as he callously ruined my girlfriend right in front of my grief-stricken eyes, bending his needs upwards so that his cock could reached the deepest recesses of her drenched pulsating cunt, I knew that within a few moments everything would be over. As her arms waved desperately around, as she screamed her lungs out, as her body trembled, all in the futile pursuit of a respite that would never come; I realised that she could longer no hold the truth within.
"OH GOD I'M SORRY MATTHEW! I don't love you, I don't fucking love you! I thought I did, I really did oh OH F-fuuuck!" She screamed as Dominic's huge throbbing cock began to quiver, "but if I'm honest, perfectly fucking honest oh OH FUCKING SHIT! Your still as pathetic as when I found you crying in the park! I only ever went with you in the first place because I felt pity for you.... OH GOD I'M SO FUCKING SORRY! You don't deserve this baby, you don't fucking deserve this!"
Finally, it had happened. Finally, I had been reduced to nothing. It's hard to describe what absolute devastation truly feels like. Mere words fail to describe the pain. And as Dominic's whole body tensed up, as he delivered a final few crushingly powerful thrusts and as my girlfriend screamed her lungs out so much so that the whole dorm could hear; I couldn't even yet bear to comfort myself with the knowledge that this was all merely the natural order of things.
"OH GOD DOMINIC! OH SHIT! OH, OH FUCKING SHIT!" My girlfriend screamed as this arrogant teenager had utterly conquered her, corrupted yet another girlfriend of mine with his superior cock and talent; without all that much of an effort; and with little thought as to the devastating pain that such betrayals cause.
As my mind flashed back to the first day I had first met Dominic in school all those years ago, if perhaps neither of us knew it yet, he had always been my superior up until today, as this 18 year old brat destroyed the love of my life; and in doing so any future I could look forward to. This is what hurt most of all, what was truly devastating, was that out of all the gorgeous girls he could choose from, he had purposefully fucked my sweet sweet mystery girl. This was an unnecessary, and uncompromisingly tragic loss.
Suddenly he buckled, and as a few lonely tears ran down my cheeks; his huge throbbing cock exploded inside the welcoming pussy of the girl who once loved me, who had rescued me from pure despair only to betray me in the most wicked and cruel turn of fates; and who as I watched her scream and contort into an unbelievable orgasm was savouring every earth-shattering second without a single thought of my pain.
"Oh FUCK! Oh God! What have I done, shit, fuck me it's all up inside!" The regret came a mere second later, as she felt the warm potent seed fill up her insides, shooting out from his cock with such force that it almost instantaneously swelled to a brimming point, overflowing on all sides as my sweet sweet girlfriend wailed with a sickening guilt-ridden pleasure. Discharge after discharge, he held his cock firmly within her, load after load pouring into her bursting cunt as all I could do was watch, incapable of any action, or indeed any further pain or humiliation.
When he eventually jerked out, it was as if he had uncorked a bottle as a sea of thick copious cum spilled out from under her, "Oh GOD! Oh shit, there's so much of it, so fucking much!" She cried as she stared down at her outpouring pussy. In truth, as I watched onwards terrorized, there was so much it could only be described as a miracle if she hadn't been impregnated. "Oh God! I'm a terrible fucking person!" She cried as she started to realise the full extent of what had just happened.
Meanwhile Dominic lay slumped across the floor exhausted and breathless, "Fuck that was amazing!" he moaned as he stared up at the ceiling, seemingly overjoyed by one of the best conquests that he had ever had, with no regard to either my devastating pain or my girlfriends terror that he had just filled her up to the brim with his most potent seed. Dominic had had his way, even exceeding his most outlandish of aspirations.
As I looked over at Emily who was laying sprawled across the bed, it wasn't at all surprising that she had fingered herself into several terrible orgasms as her darkest desires were born out in the most wicked of betrayals imaginable. Whilst it could be said that Emily and I had been both passive onlookers in this affair, this similarity proved meaningless once compared to our entirely different ambitions and incomparable experiences; that meant whilst she had loved every second I had been totally broken.
"Oh God, I'm so so sorry Matthew!" Aine' cried as she turned to face me, tears in her eyes as the thick cum continued to ooze out from her glistening pussy.
Without thinking I threw my arms out around her, and as we hugged naked in each other's arms I felt an unfamiliar embrace that was both broken and guilt-ridden. This girl was almost unrecognisable to the one I had first met in the park, and as a whimper slowly transformed into full-scale sobbing it was our roles that had swapped as I found myself comforting her, "It's okay Aine', it's okay it's not your fault. Don't cry, please don't cry, everything is going to be alright."
I soothed her sympathetically, since I was only all too eager to convince myself that Dominic had merely corrupted another kind-hearted and compassionate girl; through cruel talent and blunt force. However, deep down I knew whilst the blame laid partly with both Aine' and Dominic, ultimately it was my weakness was to blame.
As a few solidary tears ran down my cheeks, devastated to the degree beyond mere reflexive emotions as the pain and betrayal internalised themselves into the very core of my character; I comforted her merely out of a habitual instinct than genuine emotion, "It's okay, it's okay, everything is going to be alright," in reality this was far from the case, and in truth I had no emotion left besides pain and anguish. All self-worth had died, all hope had died, and if I knew only one thing it was defeat.
• • •
Three Weeks Later
"Tell me Matthew, oh OH SHIT! Tell me again where we are?" Emily mocked as I watched her straddle Dominic, shamelessly shafting her with his huge cock with little inhibition or worry as to who might stumble across them. All he cared about was that there was a gorgeous girl strapped around his waist, and that he was ruining her pussy with his amazing cock.
"We're where I first met Aine'," I mumbled, the pain and humiliation reaching whole new levels as I watched Dominic fuck my ex-girlfriend atop the same secluded park bench that Aine' had found me sitting on now weeks ago; both totally naked as their reckless unrestrained sprawl continued right in front of my tormented eyes.
"Oh YES! Oh YES! This is where, this is where you cried your pathetic little heart out isn't it? This is where you came after Dominic fucked your girlfriend far better than you ever could, to just let it all out?" Aine' teased, each brutal word not only meant to send piercing shivers down through her exposed writhing body; but to emasculate and humiliate me even further.
"Yes, yes it is," I replied, the terrible cruelty and wickedness of this breath-takingly exuberant fuck lay in stark contrast to the wondrous beauty of the stunning natural surroundings. Yet as I watched amber leaves spiral down from the great canopies that surrounded us, filtering light through its gaps so that Emily and Dominic glistened with the welcoming warmth of a cool Autumn day; their immaculate bodies didn't seem all out of place amidst this outstanding nature.
"That's fucking pathetic Matthew!" Emily wailed as this glorious embrace grew in fervour with every hurt-inducing humiliating remark, their lustful connection strengthening with every audacious thrust that sent toe-curling shudders through her entire body. In a purely physical aspect, they were both perfectly compatible, words were not needed to express their dirty desires or illicit yearnings; they knew what each other wanted before they themselves did. This all made for the most incredibly hot fuck, unmatched either in spectacle or passion.
"Emily, can I please, can I please jerk off?" I pleaded.
She turned to face me with a smirk, "Your meant be looking out for anyone who might be coming this way! But sure, guess it won't take you long," she scolded in a patronizing imperious tone as I dropped my pants, and sure enough, within a mere 30 seconds of watching their immaculate bodies contort and writhe with a pleasure I would never feel myself; I dribbled out onto the grass. How utterly pathetic was I that this would almost certainly be the best 30 seconds of my whole week, and yet almost certainly the most pathetic as well.
Around twenty minutes later, this adventurous and brazen fuck was reaching its climax, glistening in the sunlight as sweat rolled down their exhausted yet euphoric bodies as Dominic half-squatted atop the bench, Emily's legs scissored between his head as his throbbing cock penetrated her with an ardent passion. I doubted if even the various contraception she used could defy Dominic's potent seed for much longer.
This was for the most part my life from now on until the end of university, Emily was constantly inventing new ways to bring her sick fantasy to whole new levels; utterly humiliating and emasculating me as I watched a far better man fuck her in ways I simply wasn't capable of; even on occasion being forced to clean-up after them.
Dominic didn't care in the slightest, I could tell that as far as he was concerned the best friend he once knew had all but disappeared, replaced with this pathetic cum-eating beta male who was only but a minor distraction; an ant that he could chose to crush at any time he so desired. He continued to fuck an endless row of gorgeous girls that practically jumped upon him given the chance, keeping me awake for ours as I listened to their remarkable screams of pleasure from my room next door.
My mystery girl who I still love to this day, was the betrayal that hurt most of all. Since Dominic fucked her that afternoon, we've only occasionally seen each other at a distance while walking through campus. I know it wasn't even because of Dominic, but because of how weak and pathetic I was that had finally ended things between us. If I even try to talk to her she avoids me with a look of quiet disgust, as if she can't get out of her mind the things I was forced to do for the sake of our love.
Nevertheless, beyond these raw emotions I can tell she still hates herself for being seduced by Dominic, and for the devastating pain she helped inflict upon me. She was the one who had rescued me from agony and defeat, deluded me into thinking that I could offer the world something of value and that I deserved happiness; before unintentionally shattering all this false hope in the most wicked of betrayals.
I don't blame her though; I don't blame anyone. I've come to realise what has happened is merely a natural consequence, fated since the day we were born. Some people are attractive, confident, and capable, these people deserve each other while those at the bottom of the hierarchy deserve whatever may come to them.
If I'm honest I would of course prefer to be someone like Dominic, to fuck a gorgeous new girl every night and to almost always get what you want in the end. Every time I watch him fuck Emily into several merciless orgasms, I can't help but feel jealousy for his raw talent and physical appearance; he is truly superior.
However, at the same time there is a certain reassuring reliability a life devoid of responsibility or hope offers, the future is unchanging and there is no doubt as to my place in the world, near the absolute bottom. Furthermore, there is no more fear of rejection or betrayal, as I no longer even seek out such opportunities. Instead, only a cruel continual humiliation that whilst painful and dehumanising, provides clarity and purpose to my life however pathetic or insignificant.
"Oh GOD! Fuck YES Dominic! Fuck me harder, fuck me harder!" The screams from next door broke my line of thought as I realised it must have been Aine', "Oh F-fuuuck! OH SHIT" She screamed as Dominic was only all too happy to comply, the rampant shaking of the bed and even the illicit slapping of his huge cock up against her pussy made painfully audible through the cheap university walls.
"Do you think Matthew is listening?" Dominic asked.
"Don't even mention his name, he's probably jerking off," she replied shamefully as Dominic chuckled, and as I slid down my pyjama bottoms, pressed my ear up against the wall and began to tug miserably on my little cock; imagining every masterful thrust as his cock undulated into yet another ex-girlfriend; she had only been all too correct.
As I listened to her unrelenting screams and whimpers, as she surrendered herself once again to this arrogant teenager who could offer her far more pleasure than I ever could; it was only mere minutes before I had trickled out on the wall. Once the high from this pitiful orgasm faded all too quickly, I was only left with the all too familiar pain of insignificance and maddening jealousy; now so engrained into my very character that such emotions couldn't be differentiated from how I normally felt.
As I faced the prospect of listening to the 'love of my life' scream her lungs out for at least the next half-hour, every moan and wail a painful reminder of everything that had happened before; I couldn't help escape questioning the cruel reality of university life that had saw Dominic blatantly fuck both my girlfriends within the space of mere weeks without any tangible consequences whatsoever. And yet, I knew I had only deserved as much, and that this was simply a natural consequence.