I didn't sleep that great. I wasn't in my own bed and my thoughts were of what was happening to me. I had rules I had to follow now and I didn't like them. I was to stay naked at home. I didn't have clothes to wear. I had to rely on a young girl to give me clothes for school. The same young girl could make me do anything she wanted in school and could make me have sex with anyone she wanted. So many things were running through my mind.
I didn't want to be a slave to her. But, I also enjoyed what was happening to me. I got turned on when I had to suck those cocks. I was so hot when a student saw me naked and I had his cock in my mouth. Then when he called me by name, I almost started cumming.
What was wrong with me. I was not brought up this way, but everything that has happened to me has turned me on. I hated doing it, but at the same time enjoyed being dominated. Even when Amber first brought up the bet, my pussy was getting wet and I felt a tingle between my legs. Something I had never felt before except when I was with a guy.
I enjoyed eating Amber's pussy. I had never even thought of being with a woman or girl before, but now I was wanting her to make me do it again. I stayed awake for a long time thinking about the things she will make me do. I didn't want to be her slave, but was excited because I lost the bet.
I finally dropped off to sleep, but I didn't sleep very long. Or at least I didn't think I did. Amber came into the little guest room and woke me up. She said, "Wow, my slave must have been tried. It is almost 9 am and you are still sleeping. But it is time to get up so we can have some breakfast and go shopping. I have many ideas for you today."
I crawled out of bed and asked, "May I get a shower Mistress?"
"Of course, you can slave." She said, "We can take one together and you can learn how to bath me."
I didn't want to have to bathe an 18-year-old, but didn't know how to get out of doing it. So, I said, "Yes Mistress, I would like that."
We walked into my bedroom and then the big master bath. The shower was huge and could easily hold 4 people. It had benches at each end and some fancy shower heads. You could adjust them to a fine sprinkle or a steady stream. I had them made just for me, but now I had to share.
Amber took my robe off and we got in the shower. She said, "I think it is time we made your little cunt more visible. I will shave that hair you have, so you look more like a young girl. Then you will be required to keep it that way. I might even take you to get waxed."
She instructed me on how she liked to be washed and made sure I got her pussy clean. Once she was all clean, I had to get down on my knees and lick her pussy. She told me to not stop until she had cum and was satisfied.
I was on my knees in the shower with the water beating down on me. I licked her pussy, just like she told me to. I don't know why I did as she said, except I had made a bet. But I was also enjoying it. I thought I could do all these things, because she is making me do it. I didn't do it on my own. But, I had a hard time convincing myself that I didn't enjoy any of it.
I licked her and sucked on her clit. She stiffened up and was cumming for me. The second time I had gotten her off with my mouth and tongue. I hoped she was pleased with me.
Once I had her clean, she told me to get cleaned up and would wait for me in the bedroom. I washed my body and hair and when I finished, I got out, dried off and went into my bedroom. As promised, she was waiting for me. I noticed she had a towel on the bed and some other things on the night stand.
As I got to the bed, I noticed those other things were a razor and shaving cream. She had told me she would shave my pussy and I guess she was going to do it now. She had me get on the bed, with my ass in the middle of the towel. Then I had to spread my legs so she could see all of me.
She said, "My, what a pretty little cunt you have Ms. Baker. I am going to enjoy shaving it so you look like a little girl. With those little tits and bald cunt, people will think you are a child. Now don't move. I wouldn't want to slip with the razor. Might cut off something."
The first thing she did was get a pair of scissors and I noticed she had a small jar also. I didn't understand what she was doing with it, but didn't say anything. I had quite a bit of hair down there. I didn't trim it at all and just let it grow naturally. But, I figured I would not have any left after this. It would be different.
I just laid there while she set things up. She took the scissors and began cutting the long hair from my pussy. She was cutting it close so all I would have left was stubble when she finished. I watched her the best I could and was wondering why she put all the hair she cut off into that little jar. But that is what she did
Then, I laid still while she lathered up my pubic mound and began shaving me. She did the top of my slit first and made it all smooth. Then, she stuck her finger inside me and opened my lips. Then she shaved around them. Once she had my pubic area all clean, she had me roll over and get on my knees. Then I had to reach back and spread my ass cheeks so she could shave back there too. I was so embarrassed that one of my students was so intimate with me. No one had ever played around back there before and I didn't like it.
Once she was done, and I still had my ass in the air she picked up the wooden spoon and quickly slapped my ass twice. Once on the left cheek and once on the right one. I grabbed my cheeks and tried to get away from her.
She stood back and laughed. She said, "I do love making your ass tingle. Now, put your hands down and keep your ass up. I am going to give you 10 more swats. 5 on each cheek. Don't move and don't cover your ass. If you do, it doubles. Each time you move or try to cover your naked ass, it will double and I won't stop until you stay still."
I put my hands down and my ass was up in the air. I felt the next swat on my left cheek and another on my right one. I was afraid to move because I was sure she would beat me till I wouldn't be able to sit for a month.
She kept hitting my naked ass with the wooden spoon and soon and delivered all 10 swats. My ass was on fire and I was crying. I cried like a little baby. As I said earlier, I had never been spanked before and I didn't like it. But she had me over a barrel now.
"That is better my little slave. Now you have a nice bald cunt and a pretty red ass. Would you like to cum my math teacher?" She said.
I said, "Yes Mistress, I would. May I play with my pussy?"
"Oh, no slave, you may not. But, I'll get you to cum this one time. Now turn over on your back, spread your legs and bend you knees." She told me.
Then, once I was in the position she wanted me in, she surprised me and put her head between my legs and started licking my pussy. Damn, she was so good. I had never had a guy eat me like she did. It took maybe 3 minutes and I was cumming for her. Wow, that felt so good.
Once she finished making me cum, she moved away. I said, "Thank you Mistress. That felt so good. I have never had anyone lick me like that."
She said, "Thank you slave, but don't get used to it. I have wanted to taste your hot cunt for a long time and now that I have, I probably won't do it again. Now, let's get ready to have some food and go shopping."
She got up and went to the bathroom. I heard the water running and when she came back out, she was all dressed in what she had worn yesterday. I forgot, she didn't have anything else to put on. Her hair was brushed out and her make up in place. Of course, as pretty as she is no make-up is required.
Then she went to my closet and pulled out some clothes, but didn't give them to me. She looked at me and said, "Let's go slave."
We went to the kitchen and had some cereal for breakfast. It wasn't a lot, but it was enough to fill me up. When done, she took me toward the front door.
I thought I was going to be able to get dressed, but she just walked to the door and opened it. I hesitated, not wanting to go outside naked. Especially after having to walk naked in the parking lot yesterday. I didn't need any more exposure.
She then said, "Remember your rules my slave. No clothes in the house and you get dressed or undressed at the front door while standing on the porch."
I said, "Please Mistress, someone might see me."
Amber said, "I know they might, but I noticed your porch is not that easy to see from the road. To many trees and bushes in the way. So, I really doubt you will be seen. Now come along."
I thought about what she said, and she was right. I was just scared to be outside naked. But, I guess I will be more often now. I must drive to school naked and hope she gives me clothes to wear.
I stepped out behind her, trying hard to stay out of sight. I stayed right behind her. She turned around and said, "Here, put these on and then we can go get you some new clothes."
I was handed a blouse that was semi-transparent and my nipples would be seen poking out. The skirt wasn't much better. It came down to just below my ass and I knew if I bent over, I would be showing everything. Then she handed me a pair of my 4" high heels. I quickly put everything on and then followed her to her car.
Amber drove for a long time. I noticed we were leaving our town and then we went into another town. I was grateful she was nice enough to go someplace where we wouldn't be known, but it was still too close to home.
She pulled into a large mall parking lot and when she stopped she looked at me and said, "Now my slave, you need to behave today. You need to do everything I say and make sure you don't argue with me. I won't expose you, unless you give me a hard time. If you do, then you might have to get naked for me. Your punishments will always include you being naked no matter where we are. Do you understand?"
I said, "Yes Mistress. I don't really like all this, but I did make the bet."
I thought for a moment and then said, "Mistress, may I ask you a question."
It felt weird for a teacher asking a student for permission, but I guess I would have to do it, at least until this term was over.
Amber said, "Yes, you may ask me anything."
"Why do you hate me so much?" I asked.
"Why Louise, I don't hate you. As a matter of fact, it is just the opposite. I love you." She told me. "I have loved you ever since I was chosen for your class. You are beautiful and I wanted you. Now I have you."
"You don't have to do all this to have me. All you needed to do was ask." I said.
"No Louise, it wouldn't work that way. You would never have given yourself to me. That is why I had to do something to get you to be mine." She told me.
Well, that is true. I never would have taken her as a lover or anything else. I would probably have her tossed from my class and reported her behavior to her parents. But, now it is too late for that. I was hers and she knew it.
Then she said, "But that doesn't change anything. You are still going to be my slave and you must do as I say. If not you will be punished and you know it will always include nudity. And I don't care where we are when I get you naked. So, behave and you can stay dressed."
I was relieved that she didn't hate me, but was worried when she said she loved me. Now I had to figure out how to get away from her and do as little as possible. I didn't want to be naked anyplace, especially in a public mall.
We got out of the car and I followed her in. We went window shopping to start with and then she spotted what she was looking for. A store that sold to teens. I glanced at what they had and none of it was suitable for a woman. Not even a woman who was young like me. I was worried now.
She went into the store and I'm not even sure why, but I followed her in. She looked at some clothes that even the young teens should not wear. I was afraid to say anything because she would somehow get me naked in here and I didn't want that. The pictures and videos she had of me already was enough to scare me.
Once she found all the things she wanted, she took my hand and led me to the changing room. She said, "Go in and strip. Once you are naked, hand me your clothes and I'll give you some to try on. Once you are dressed again, step out so I can see you. We will do this until I have everything I want. Do you understand?"
I said I did and went inside to get undressed. I felt so stupid doing this. I had no bra or panties on and it didn't take long to take off the blouse and skirt. I handed them out at the side of the curtain, but she didn't take them. I was standing there waiting for her to take them and give me some others. I needed to be covered. Finally, she took my clothes and now I had nothing to cover up with in case she left me alone. I was praying she didn't leave.
I stood waiting with my hand outside the curtain waiting for the other clothes, but she didn't give me any. Then suddenly, the curtain was pulled aside and Amber was standing there in front of me. I tried to hide from view, but there was no place to go.
She said, "Oh, sorry. I forgot you were naked. Here is what I want you to try on." She handed me a dress and closed the curtain.
I was now pissed at her. She said I would not have to be naked in public if I did what she said. But, she opened the curtain so others could see me. But, I did not see anyone close enough to see me. So maybe she waited until she was sure no one would notice.
I slipped the dress on and it was not something I would buy myself, but it was nice. It was made for a teen, but didn't look bad on me either. I could even wear it to school. I stepped out of the little dressing room. Amber looked me over, had me turn around.
Then she said, "Yes, I like it. Go back in and take it off. I promise no more surprises."
I went in, took off the dress and handed it back out to her. She then handed me a skirt and blouse. They were also nice and would work for school. A little short for my liking, but wasn't too bad.
We went through 4 more sets of clothes and she liked them all. I liked them too, but as I said, they were good for teens, not a middle-aged lady. However, I could wear them. Once she was done, she handed back my clothes and we went to the register to pay.
The clerk rang up the total and I was trying to figure out how to pay for them. I had a credit card, but didn't want to raise the balance any more. While I was trying to figure it out, Amber said, "You know, I have put you through a lot already, so I will buy your clothes for you. After all, I picked them out. But, you have to promise me you will wear them when I want you to."
I said, "Yes, I will wear them for you. Thank you."
We walked out of the store and Amber said, "Well, I guess I found what I wanted, so let's go put your clothes in the car and then we can go watch a movie. I really want to see this one. Hope you don't want to see it, because you will be busy and won't see it."
I didn't say anything, but was thinking of the things I had done already and what else she will have me do. I had never realized how submissive I was, but now I can see where I am. And in my mind, I was starting to enjoy the things she had me do. I thought of having to drive to school naked with the hopes she had some clothes for me. I wondered how she would do it. I wondered what else I would have to do for her in school and out of school.
But the biggest thing I thought of was, why am I really enjoying all of this? Why would I like being dominated by a young girl? Why would I enjoy being naked in public? When I made the bet, did I really want to lose to her and be her slave? Did I intentionally take longer just so I could lose? All of this was going through my mind.
But now she says she loves me and has wanted me for a long time. I never knew love could be so cruel to someone else, but then, I never knew I was this submissive. Maybe I asked for all of this. Did Amber see this in me right away? Did I show how submissive I was in my actions?
So many thoughts were going through my mind when Amber said, "Louise, put your clothes in the car and quit day dreaming. We need to get to the theater before the movie starts I need to find us some good seats."
I hadn't realized I was at the car. But, I put the clothes in the back seat and she got in the front seat. I walked around to the passenger side and got in. My pussy was on fire and I needed to cum, but didn't know how to ask her if I could. I didn't want to just play with myself, so I didn't do anything.
Amber drove us to the theatre and we went to get our tickets. I said, "Mistress, since you bought my clothes, I will pay for the movie."
"That is nice of you slave. I was going to have you pay anyway, but I am glad you said you would before I made you pay. You are a good girl." She said.
Once we had the tickets, Amber stopped at the rest room to pee and she let me go in and pee also. Then we got some snacks before going into the theatre. All the lights were on when we went in and she looked around for a good place to sit.
She found that the back row was empty, but so was the rest of the theatre. Very few had arrived early and it was still about 30 minutes before the movie started. Then she pointed me toward a side row and we went there.
She said, "Not too many people sit on the side, so this will be perfect for what you will be doing."
We made our way to the back row on the side and she had me go all the way to the end of that row. I was in the last seat and she was right next to me. We sat down and enjoyed our snacks, waiting for the movie to start.
Amber didn't say anything about what would happen later, but she did talk about other things. She told me about where she had been and all the different schools she had attended. She explained the she found out she loved math very early and then as she grew, she realized she was a genius when it came to math.
I listened to her talk and just her voice was turning me on. It was so soft and sweet. I had never really listened to anyone talk before. Oh, I listened to what was said, but never listened to the way they talked. Amber was very sensual in the way she talked and I had never known that before. But now with us sitting together in a theatre and it was so quiet, I not only heard every word, but heard how well she presented herself. Yes, I could see me obeying her all the time and for some reason, I felt it was what I needed. I then realized that I was very submissive in my nature and I guessed that is what drew her to me. She was more outgoing and knew just what she wanted. She was very dominant in her words and actions.
Just then, as we sat and talked, the lights started dimming. Soon it was dark in the theatre and the movie was starting. I was wanting to see what was playing, but Amber had other ideas.
She said, "OK my slave, get those clothes off and on your knees facing me."
For some reason, I obeyed her without even thinking. I slipped the blouse off my shoulders, revealing my little tits and then slid the skirt down my legs to the floor. I picked it up and folded both items, laying them on the seat I had been sitting in.
I then got down on my knees in front of her. I was glad she had me get down like that because it would be harder for someone to see I was naked. I just knelt there waiting for something more to do.
Then, she said, "Now, I want your face between my legs and licking my pussy. You will lick me until I say to stop, which will be at the end of the movie."
She spread her legs and lifted her skirt so I could get in to lick her. That is when I realized she didn't have any panties on and her bald naked pussy was right there for me to munch on.
I leaned in as the first part of the movie stared and began to lick her. I could hear the movie as I started on her. She pushed me back some and said, "Go slow my slave, I want it to last for the 2-hour movie."
I didn't say anything. Instead, I just leaned in and licked her some more. I don't know why I am doing any of this, but it turns me on to be told what to do. And, I was wanting to please her. It seemed like she knew me very well.
The movie continued and I kept licking her juicy bald pussy. Here I was naked in a public movie theatre, licking one of my student's pussy. How low can I go to humiliate myself? I didn't want to bet with her, but something made me do it. Now, I am trapped and for some reason, I enjoyed what I was doing.
I made Amber cum 3 times during the movie. Each time, she would grab my head and pull me in tight to her pussy. I almost passed out because she held me so tight and I couldn't breathe. But, just as I thought it was over, she would push me back, hold my head away from her until she settled down and then brought me in closer to her pussy. Each time, I just licked some more.
Right near the end of the movie and just before the lights came on, she had her last orgasm and this time she really let go. I got a mouthful of her hot cum as she squirted into my mouth. I had to swallow it all because she had my head in her hands holding me tight.
As the lights were coming back up to bright, she pushed me away and said, "Get dressed slave before someone sees you."
I grabbed my clothes and quickly got them on. It was hard because I couldn't stand up. If I had stood up, I would have been seen. So, it took more time to slip my skirt on. The blouse was no problem. Once I was dressed as best I could be, I sat in the chair next to her. I wanted to wipe my face off, but had nothing to do it with.
We just sat there while the theatre was slowly emptying. I watched all the people leaving, but Amber just sat there. I don't know, but I think she might be having a problem standing up. After all she just got off 3 times while I ate her out.
But, she finally said, "Wow slave, that was so hot and good. I will have to do that again. You are becoming quite a good pussy licker. And you will get a lot more practice this term. Now, let's go home."
I wondered what she meant by home. She doesn't live with me and I don't live with her. So, what is she saying by going home. I didn't ask because I was afraid of what she might tell me. I followed her out of the theatre with her cum still on my face. I probably smelled like pussy.
Once in the car, Amber turned to me and said, "Louise, I must say that I never thought you would do everything I have told you to do, but I now see that I was right. You are very submissive and need someone to guide you and I am the one to do just that. Do you agree?"
I thought about it for a moment, wondering if I had always been this way. Thinking back, I had been. I never made my own decisions. I always went to someone else to help me make a choice. It was either mom and dad, my sister or a teacher. When I college, I had a roommate who would help me. So, I guess Amber was right. I needed a firm hand to tell me what to do. I never thought of anything sexual like this before, but now I see I do need it.
So, I answered, "Yes, I think you are right. I have always had others help me with tough decisions and have never really done anything without someone else pushing me. So, I am a submissive person."
"So, you want me to control you all the way, don't you?" Asked Amber. "That will mean our time together will go past the end of the term. If you do want this, take your clothes off right now."
I just sat there, not sure what I wanted. I did enjoy tonight with Amber, but wasn't sure I wanted to do more for her. Could I let her control me for the rest of the year? Could I do everything she wanted me to do? Who else would see me like this? So many questions went through my head. I couldn't afford to be caught by anyone. I couldn't be exposed to anyone. I could lose my job. Maybe go to jail. My mind was a complete blur of questions, but while I was thinking, I was unbuttoning my blouse.
I was shocked when she spoke again. "Well, my teacher wants to be a slave for a long time."
I looked down at my naked body. I don't even remember taking my clothes off. I didn't want to be a slave at all, but here I was doing just what she wanted me to do. I had stripped naked in her car and it wasn't even one of those orders that she gave once she had me trapped. I kind of did it all on my own. Maybe I did want to be owned by a student. Maybe I had always wanted this to happen.
She started the car and drove toward my house. I was naked sitting in the passenger seat next to fully clothed girl who was almost half my age. How and why was I doing this.
As we drove, Amber spoke to me again. "So, you have just agreed to be my slave for the rest of the year. Once I graduate, I'll release you. Is that what you want Louise?"
I said, "Yes Mistress." But don't even know why I said that. I didn't want to be a slave at all. But I agreed with her.
"Very good." She said, "Now, I need to revise some of your rules. I said you must call me Miss Amber in school. Well, let's change that a little. You will still call me Miss Amber, but you will also call all females, Miss and their first name. The guys will be Mister and first name. Understand that slave?"
I said, "Yes Mistress Amber, but please don't make me do anything with any of them."
"Don't worry your pretty little head about that." She told me. "I will protect you. I won't make you do anything that you don't want to do. And before you say you don't want to do anything, I will remind you about the limits you set for yourself when we made the bet."
I had to agree with her. I didn't think I wanted to do anything and I did set limits. But I was still getting turned on when she made do these things. Here I was naked in her car because she told me to strip. I felt I had to do whatever she told me to do and when I did, I got that special tingle in my pussy.
Amber interrupted my thoughts again when she said, "Now, along with the rules I gave you, I want you to start calling your pussy a cunt. So, tell me what you have between your legs."
I looked at her and didn't want to say that nasty word. It took me a long time to say pussy, but using the 'C' word was not right. I couldn't say it. I just sat there staring at her.
She said, "Slave, that was an order you have to follow. I want you to tell me what it is. Now, say it."
I still didn't want to, but said, "It is my c-c-c-cunt."
"Much better," she said, "I want you to practice saying cunt. So, until we get to your house, I want you to say, 'I have a cunt'."
I didn't start right away and she reached over and slapped my face. It hurt and I reached up to my face. How dare her hit me. I was going to hit her back but she stopped me.
"Don't even think about striking back Louise. Remember, I own you now and can do as I wish. And right now, I wish for you to say what I told you to say." She informed me.
I cried, but said, "I have a c-c-cunt. I have a c-cunt, I have a cunt".
I continued saying it until she pulled into my driveway. That is when she stopped me and said, "OK, my slave, get out and go into your house. You will stay naked until I see you in the morning at school. Be there early unless you want everyone else to see you naked. I will give you some clothes for the day once you arrive. Do you understand?"
I said, "Yes Mistress."
It wasn't real late when, and there was a chance I would be seen naked in my driveway, but I figured if I hurried I could hide behind the trees.
Just before I got out, she said, "And I have an assignment for you tonight. I want you to sit down and write 100 times, I am a slave to Mistress Amber and I have a cunt."
I saw her giggle. A student giving her teacher homework. I didn't say anything because it excited me. I don't know why, but my pussy, sorry my cunt, was dripping wet. I knew I would do whatever she wanted me to do.
Then she added, "Make sure you bring it to school in the morning. I will grade it and let you know how you did before you can get dressed. Oh, and don't shower until tomorrow morning. Good night my slave."
I got out of the car and made a dash for cover before I could be seen. But then realized I did not have my keys to the house with me. I stood behind a bush and watched as Amber threw my purse out the window. It landed out in the open and I knew I had to get to it somehow.
Amber drove away, leaving me alone and naked in my front yard. I snuck out to grab my purse and made a mad dash to my door. I let myself in and was finally all alone. But I was naked and had to stay this way until I could get something to wear from Amber. And that would be at school early in the morning.
I got a glass of wine and a tablet. I sat at the table and began to write.
'I am a slave to Mistress Amber and I have a cunt'
'I am a slave to Mistress Amber and I have a cunt'
I wrote these 100 times and when I was done, I crawled into bed and fell asleep smelling Amber's body because the sheets never got changed after she slept here last night and her pussy juice was all over my face.