It was a good weather forecast. 34 degrees centigrade and a light southerly wind so Carol and Bob decided to take the day off and go to the beach. Carol packed the bags while Bob checked out the garden and did some watering. It had been a long hot summer and it had not rained for weeks now.
They put their bags in the car and set off. Carol wore a light button through dress with some of the top buttons undone to show off her tits. Bob kept glancing across at her, thinking of how good she looked. He always wanted an extra button undone no matter how many she had undone herself.
It was an easy drive with little traffic on the roads. Bob fantasized about picking up hitch hikers and them being teased by Carol but he rarely saw any so it wasn't likely to happen.
They pulled into the dirt car park that overlooked the beach and got out to take a look. There was only a little wind and the sea was calm with gentle waves breaking on the beach. It was only a small beach with some sunbeds which were about half full and there were some other people who preferred just a towel on the sand. It was a nudist beach.
"Do you want to stay together or go separately?" asked Carol.
"I don't mind, whatever you want to do."
"I'll go first." said Carol.
She took her beach bag, gave Bob a kiss and headed off down the path but not before Bob unfastened the dress down to her waist, he just couldn't resist.
There were two rows of sunbeds arranged with two beds to an umbrella. She chose a bed on the back row away from the sea where she could easily see all of the sunbathers. She laid out her towel and took off her dress to hang it up under the umbrella. She had a good look up and down the beach to see if she recognised anyone but it appeared that all of the people were tourists.
Bob waited for ten minutes or so before following.
This was a game that they played once in a while. They had found that if they shared two sunbeds and an umbrella, people would rarely talk to them but if they acted like singles it could be much more fun.
Bob walked along the sand past Carol to choose a sunbed a little further along the beach. He took off his shorts, shirt and laid out his towel. He checked out the people on the beach as he did so. There were some watchers as there always were when someone new arrived. He glanced over at Carol to see her standing at the side of her sunbed shaking a bottle of sun cream as she looked around the beach. it made her big tits wobble, he was sure that she was doing it on purpose. They were 36DD and he knew that he was a lucky man.
She sat and as she slowly applied the cream as she looked around but nobody seemed to be taking any interest so she settled down to read her book.
Bobs phone buzzed, a text from Carol.
"Your lucky day. The woman in front of you and she looks nice."
Bob slowly sat up and scanned the beach from one end to the other. When his eyes got to the woman she quickly looked down at her book. She was lying face down and propped on her elbows.
Bob got up, stretched and walked past the woman to the sea. He could smell her sun lotion, it was nice, it made his cock stir. He walked along the shoreline picking at shells and interesting stones. He paddled in the sea but didn't go for a swim. Returning to his sunbed, he saw that the woman had turned over and sat up. She was putting on some more sun lotion. Carol was right, she was very attractive. He felt his cock starting to rise and he smiled at her as he approached. She smiled back glancing at his cock as he passed.
Back on his sunbed, Bob saw the beach attendant in the distance collecting his money for the sunbeds.
"The umbrella man's here." Bob sent a text to Carol.
Carol looked down the beach to see that he was about five minutes away and went through her bag for some money. It was always the same guy and they had tried to tease him in the past. Sometimes Carol and Bob would sit together and other days apart but he never questioned it. Carol would sit on the sunbed with her legs open and one foot in the sand showing off her shaved pussy. She would have played with it before he got there so that her lips were wet and open but the guy could chat away for five minutes without a single glance at her tits or anything more. No matter how much she pushed her shoulders back and lazily touched her pussy, it was always the same and it was the same today, today, she even put a finger in to touch her clit as they talked but no response
A young woman came on the beach walking a dog. She was there on most days, they had seen her often. She was very tanned, slim and had long black hair. It was the same routine every time we saw her. She wanted to swim and the dog wanted to play so Bob called her over. She thanked him as Bob took the dogs lead from her and she ran to the sea to dive in.
There was a guy looking Carol over so Bob sent a text to her. He was lying on his side with his head propped up on his arm only about five yards away. Bob couldn't believe that she hadn't noticed him. Carol got up to stretch and looked at the sun before pretending to adjust the angle of the bed for the best suntan but she was really wanting to give him a better view of her and to get a better view of him. She went through the bag for her sun cream and put some on her shoulders and arms. She then started to smooth some cream onto her tits, slowly and with both hands on each one. She gently pulled on her nipples as she glanced at the guy to make sure that he was looking. He was. He had one knee up, hiding what he was doing from the rest of the beach and was touching his hard cock. Carol wiped her hands on the towel and opening her legs put a finger in her pussy as she looked him. He was smiling at her and started to masturbate.
Bob tied the dogs lead to the umbrella and casually got up and walked to the shore. He then walked back up the beach so that he was behind the guy, He wanted the same view of Carol as he had. Carols mouth was open a little with a hint of a smile and her eyes were half closed as her hand busily worked it's magic in her pussy. He didn't think that she saw him. He made his way back to his sunbed with his cock bouncing in front of him to the delight of the attractive woman on the sunbed who couldn't take her eyes off it.
The young girl, she looked to be in her early twenties, walked from the sea squeezing water from her hair. She sat next to Bob on the sunbed, she hadn't done that before and she fussed with the dog who was happy to see her. She left the lead tied to the umbrella as she talked to Bob. Bob kept his hands in his lap to hide his hard cock as she spoke to him. She started to smile as she noticed the guy masturbating while looking at Carol and kept looking at Bob to see his reaction.
"It looks like your wife has got an admirer." she said surprising Bob. "I've seen your games before, it looks fun, but I've never seen it go this far."
Her hand went to Bobs thigh and under his hands to find his hard cock and she leaned against him, feeling the warmth of his skin as she watched.
She took Bobs hand and pulled him to his feet. She led him past the woman and through the sunbeds towards the sea. Bob was conscious of his hard cock bobbing as he walked. "Don't worry about that, you look good." she said.
They walked into the water and when it was deep enough she dived through a wave and disappeared before surfacing in front of him, sliding up his body. She had small firm tits with hard nipples that brushed against his chest as she put her arms around him. He raised his leg and she rubbed her pussy against it as her hand moved down to his cock. She watched him as she masturbated him under the water. A guy swam close, very close to check them out but she didn't try to hide what she was doing and didn't slow down. He nuzzled into her neck, smelling her scent, wanting a kiss but it wasn't offered.
He came, "Got you," she laughed.
They walked out of the water and back to the sunbed getting some knowing looks from some of the sunbathers.
She untied the dog and gave Bob a kiss as she was about to leave. Bob saw that Carols sunbed was empty and that all of her things were gone, the guy had gone as well. The girl saw the concerned look on his face.
"Don't worry, that was Roberto that she was playing with, he's Italian, he's a nice guy, he's got a room in the village that he shares with his brothers."
As the girl left, the woman on the sunbed in front of him caught his eye, "You can come and join he if you want to while you wait." she said.