Josie McKellen wore her first button down dress for her second day of going without underwear of any kind. After yesterday's battle to get used to it, she was now fully invested in going commando every day for the remainder of the school year.
Her best friend and ofttimes experimental lover Piper Cherry while feeling out her new job was convinced that she too had nothing to worry about. The faculty adored her sexiness, the Principal was turning a cheek to whatever she did. The students? An army of loyalists would die protecting their Pornstar Counsellor, Pornstar Teacher today in Josie's case. It was good to be a slut. Both of them could agree with that assessment.
Huge risks, huger payoffs! Just yesterday in her first period class Josie had shown her body off in short flashes for the Senior boys in her class, being sly about it until realizing that even the girls in the class were all in on her sexual escapades. It was a pretty eventful day. Hopefully today would be even better.
Josie knew one thing, she hoped her fantasy Varsity basketball player would eat her out as good as he did the day prior. Even after her morning rendezvous with her frequent playmate Coach Roman Crandell she was needy. So wet that streaks of her juices trickled down her legs and into her heels. It was maddening. Teasing Angus Furlong and his buddies only added to the here and now.
Between Roman and her in the hallway antics she wanted nothing more than to get her class started. Sitting at her desk while her students filed in each of them greeted her with blown kisses or tongue wags. Guys and girls alike. Toward the tail of the pack, in walked Reese Teller her favorite tongue. Bringing her a note before turning to go to his desk she looked surprised.
"What is this?" She withheld opening the note until everyone was seated. Logan walking in last shut the classroom door and locked it. Josie fanned herself with the note at how brazen Logan was in keeping her prisoner. Counting heads she realized someone was missing, "Where is Tiffany?"
"Oh! Counsellor Cherry told me to tell you she called Tiff to her office." April spoke up wiggling her eye brows mischievously, "She's giving her a free pass from class. It's your lucky day Mrs. M."
Josie puffed her lower lip, Piper was on the ball, Josie's only underage student was in her captive care for the duration of her first period class. She loved her bestie. Sighing she sits forward and lifts the note, "Reese? Is this a note from Counsellor Cherry?"
"Read it. We all signed it."
"It's not my birthday." She giggled, then unfolded it. "Too small for a birthday card anyway."
"Read it out loud for us." Reese dared her.
"Alright!" She lowers her eyes to the words, "Fuck Romeo and Juliet, we're going to rip that dress off of you and all of us are going to lick you blind." She bulged her eyes then looked up without expression, "Oh really?"
"Stand your ass up." Reese himself stood and moved closer to her desk before smugly awaiting her by pointing at the floor in front of him. Taking a deep breath she rose from her seat and made her way around the large oak desk to face him.
"Before you do anything brash, I love this dress so let's just unbutton it." Not in her cards. Stepping into her as she shivers, Reese places both of his hands under the open cleavage of her tea green dress, fingers gripping the material on both sides, then rips the top three buttons in a row watching them fly off. She dropped her jaw at he actually going so far. It was Piper's dress anyway, she just borrowed it.
Lowering his hands in a blur, knuckles tickling her flesh, the final three buttons pop free and zip off in two directions. Swooping around her as if dribbling a basketball he yanked her dress wide open for a full frontal nudity. Naked outside of a necklace, her wedding ring, and heels, she felt her nipples crest in the blink of an eye. Dress yanked from her body it was tossed aside.
"Oh my God!" Finishing her outburst in thought with, "He really did it."
Before she could attempt to cover herself Reese again darted in front of her and literally picked her up off of her feet and sat her slightly harder than he planned on top of her desk. Prying her legs wide with dramatic fashion to a silent room, he then began kissing her chest.
"Holy shit!" She spoke with a shaky voice while exploring the other students who watched with vested interest. Lips moving South rapidly, she found him nudging her into a recline to her elbows as support. Kissing in a slow seductive prowl toward her pubic arena he paused to inhale her scent. Hearing his sigh, then feeling a scalding hot breath over her labia Josie moaned and bit her lower lip. Processing the expressions of her students she concluded they were just waiting to pounce themselves. Reese nuzzled her hood a moment before giving in to a lingering appetite, devouring her pussy just like he had yesterday, right in front of everyone. This time however he was more ravenous. Knowing what he got away with yesterday and how the other students had all pulled together to communicate concerning their lust for Josie, they quickly hatched a plan of attack amongst their ranks overnight.
Unable to hold out any longer Logan jumped from his seat to race behind Josie's desk. Leaning on his forearms to her side appearing as if a moderator he watched Reese feasting, eyes sharing a wilderness appeal, "Damn Mrs. M...Reese is eating you alive."
"YESSSSSSSS HE IS!" She raised her voice while losing her elbows as leverage, arching her spine to level out on her shoulder blades.
"Are we wrong in thinking you wanted this?" Logan probed her thoughts while rubbing his cheek alongside hers, pinching her hair over his upper lip as if a moustache. It was adorable.
"Noooooo! I love you guys." She panted, tilting her face to peck him on the cheek.
"We love you too Mrs. M."
"Call me Josie."
"We prefer calling you slut. That okay?"
"I can live with that." She whimpered, Reese fingering her as he dines. Three fingers at that.
"Time for more fun." Logan waved in some new pulses, "Ladies? You're up."
April leads the only other girls like a boss with an eager union in and around Josie, each leaning across her desk to begin kissing and sucking on her flesh. Nipples a popular tourist attraction Josie moaned exceptionally hard. Learning since meeting Piper Cherry just how wonderful women were to play with she enjoyed herself, best of both worlds. There was zero shame in Josie these days. Age was only a number, well, as long as they were of age that is. This group barely, but all qualified birthdates properly accounted for, she was more than willing.
Quaking at her provoked sensitivity, Vanessa massaged Josie's clit for Reese who winked at her assist. He was a man on a mission digging and probing as deep and as fast as his fingers could sink. Two other boys lifted her legs so that Reese had more elbow room in his vicious finger fucking. Squirming about Josie at the added hands she enjoyed a series of feminine fingernails teasing her everywhere, April in particular whispering, "Ticklish?" Josie nodded a giggling affirmation joining with a faint moan.
"You taste delicious." Another girl shared her opinion after licking her chest.
All Josie could offer in reply was a nibbled lip and a thankful pair of big brown orbs. Her students surrounding her desk she peered out at the hunger in their eyes, the hope that they would all be allowed turns in sampling her. With trembling hands she reached up toward them and let them know she was ready for more. No one was going to be disappointed. They felt the same of her.
Mannerism altering Josie discovered a brewing orgasm begging to release. Tensing up within a hail of fondling hands she squealed and let the juices flow. Gushing across the knuckles of handsome Reese Teller she yelped persistently until his challenging insertions ceased. Not giving her so much as a breather she found his drenched hand leaving her cunt. From there Reese to his hand upward over her trembling torso, to roam a flattened palm across her sparse pubic hair. Gliding it softly straight up her tummy, her belly rising and sinking quickly as she fought to catch her breath Josie shared her joy via faint giggles.
Continuing North, his dampened caress left a wet trail all the way up her body. Pausing briefly in his advance between her breasts to embrace her rapid heartbeat as a sign of devotion gave her goosebumps. It was as if he was saying I love you. Her thoughts, not his. What he was doing was marking her with her juices as a gift for the girls, a much wanted true taste of Mrs. McKellen. Tongues followed his trail in simple flicks of tantalization, the ladies savoring her for themselves. It was not enough.
Hovering all the way over her body Reese planted his index finger in her mouth to be sucked on. She loved her own delectable appetizer. So did the girls as he offered each of them one of his remaining fingers, having coated his whole hand in Josie's waterfall. It chilled her to see him feed the other girls her juiciness, finding herself awestruck at their reaction to her flavor. Icing on the cake!
Stepping back he allowed others in, the girls moving along with Reese to let the boys play with her tits. Pinching and nibbling her nipples, they even found it intriguing to lick her belly button. Even they captured the true taste of a much desired crush. There was no end to their tender adoration.
Josie loved every single kiss, every tongue lash, every tug of a nipple between delicately gnawing teeth. Feeling her pussy nuzzled she lifts her head as Reese languished at her feet, but this time another was between he and she, discovering Vanessa now dining on her clit. Mind reeling at how impressive the girl's attentiveness was, Josie felt obligated to reward her.
"Mmmmmmm! Yes sweetie! God you know exactly what you're doing to me don't you?" The toes of Josie's shoes teasing Vanessa's hip shared in the compliment. Soft hands ran up Josie's calves in appreciation. Nodding with a wink, Vanessa proved exactly why women were far supreme in knowing how to treat another pussy.
Josie looking beyond Vanessa's brow, the girl's eyes barely seen behind gorgeous raven curls, hair extensions for that matter, she found Reese with his pants lowered enough to show off his cock. Standing smug he stroked his beast to a heightening glory.
The girls admired his bravado and watched intently, almost envious of Josie. April breaking her gaze upon his all star player leaned in to whisper, guiding Josie's hair aside to reach her ear, "I think Reese wants to fuck you." She then proceeded to suck on Josie's earlobe.
"I believe you're right." Josie replied with an erratic tone, Vanessa's tongue wagging like a lizard in heat. Within this realm of so much attention Josie realized another brewing orgasm. Vanessa's own fingers digging and twisting amid a whirlpool of delight, brought forth another spill, Josie losing her mind until she lets the dam break, flooding Vanessa's face.
Laughing at her new facial Vanessa peeled her chin away, licking her lips as her drenched fingers slapped Josie's hypersensitive clit as if scolding her. Hearing her Teacher yelp, she did it again. It was almost as if she were prepping her for the piece de resistance. One last vicious swat Vanessa rubs Josie's clit furiously, thus making Josie squirt another unpredicted fountain, barely stepping out of the way of her forceful geyser. The girl had game.
"Shiiiiiiiiiit!" Josie gasped at her experience.
Escorted aside quickly, Vanessa let Reese step back up. Taking over he began rubbing his crown amid her sloppy labia, it felt incredibly warm and was still trickling amid her trembling nerves. He watched her eyes expressing a yearnful necessity for him being there that made him feel like God.
"Want this?" He lowered his crown toward her hole. Dipping in just enough to make her arch her hips. Eyes flaring as he repeated his temptation twice more she retaliates by throwing a tantrum.
"FUCK YES!"
Josie lost all restraint the second he plunged deep into her. Reaching back across her body, this time with both hands he circled her throat and choked her. She instantly began a chant of, "YES YES YES YES YES." Balls slapping on her cheeks repeatedly made her crazy. Amid her insanity Reese felt Logan and Abe slap his shoulder and offer praises of, "Hit it!" and, "Show that whore you need an A+." Logan took things way too far sometimes. So juvenile the girls thought.
Just watching Reese fuck her silly was enough for the remainder of the class, mainly because he pounded her thighs for a good thirty minutes straight. Still, each of them comforted Josie, at the very minimum taking turns caressing her cheek and stroking her shoulder length brown hair. Warm kisses from the girls directly on the lips with tender deliveries was breathtaking. Their attention was so genuine it made her heart melt.
Totally overlooking the time, they heard a loud knock on the classroom door which startled everybody. Josie panicked but refused to let Reese back out, she was ready to cum really hard on his thrusting cock. Seeing her determined reaction in holding Reese hostage, her hands gripping his shirt with a strained expression, the group crowded closer into a wall of bodies. With her students blocking the view of anyone looking in she felt honored they would protect her. Still, her heels up in the air over their heads was a tell tale sign.
April seeing who it was waited for the reveal wanting Josie to fulfill her needed orgasm before any risk in losing her dream. She was taking forever though. Sighing April just related her news.
"It's Counsellor Cherry."
"Let her in." Josie hissed prepping the perfect storm. She whimpered in a lengthy siren's call, then strained her face, beet red, eyes white from a clouded brain. Josie McKellen exploded all over her favorite student body resident, holding him with all her might. Not wanting to detonate inside her Reese forced her to let him go. Pulling out growling he nutted hard all over Josie's torso, so much that even Logan had to offer praise.
"Dude! That was fucking amazing. Avalanche on Everett."
"Everest!" Abe slapped him on the back of the head, "You're a moron."
Falling limp and breathing heavily Josie returned to reality, rolling her palms all over his creamy leftovers. Sampling his puddled taste, she like Reese earlier gathered samples and offered fingers to the girls. Reese looked smug as each of them tasted his jizz. Abe grossed out by the finger food went and unlocked the door, letting Piper inside, locking it again just in case.
Racing in a clatter of six inch stilettos Piper moved next to Reese then eyed his cock. A quick bend forward she licked his urethra. "Don't mind me I missed breakfast." Everyone chuckled at her coolness. Looking at Josie relishing in her creamy goodness Piper flared her eyes, "Ooooo! More yummy stuff."
Piper threw herself over Josie and began licking up whatever droplets Josie missed. Standing erect the blond bombshell smiles at her bestie with an expression of pride. "See? I told you your students would treat you good. No one here is going to say a word." All agreed wholeheartedly.
She had spoken to the Seniors prior to pulling seventeen year old Tiffany Edwards from the class. Let Josie have her moment in the sun, Piper would let her brag about what she got away with later, all while Piper acted jealous. Encouragement!
If Piper only knew she would have her own secret society as she covered her every day at 4:00 PM Detention, she might have something to brag about herself. Today she would discover her own piece of Heaven. If Josie bragged today, Piper would brag tomorrow. AND HOW!
"You have five minutes before the bell rings." Piper pulled her bestie up leaving a pool of sweat and pussy juices running down the front of her desk to the floor. Seeing Josie's dress in Logan's possession Piper snatched it up and found every button on it missing, "Uhhh? Want your bathrobe?"
"Oh my God!" Josie panicked, "What am I going to wear the rest of the day?" Josie peed a little but crossed her legs to mask the mistake.
"You know I've always got your back." Piper winked pulling Josie to her feet. Throwing in the towel so to speak Piper dropped her dress on to the puddle and slapped Logan on the chest, pointing at the tile. "Clean up after her. You follow me." She tugged Josie by her hand toward the door naked, save for her heels and unlocks it, opening the door wide.
"What are you doing? Are you crazy?"
"Recall that locker combo?" Piper pulled her out into the hall. Forced to be quiet Josie just whined nasally. "Three minutes. There's a dress inside it."
"Go get it." Josie tried to shove Piper into the locker's direction.
Trading places in what seemed like a skit right out of the Keystone Cops, Piper pushed Josie, "Oh, no! You go get it."
"You bitch."
"Yup!" Piper giggled and slapped Josie on the ass, "Better get a move on."
Squealing under her breath as she ran down the hall naked, titties dancing wildly under stress, Josie actually ran past the locker, forced to backtrack while finger counting until seeing the locker number. Locating it she went blank suddenly in trying to recall the combination. Tumbler twisting and turning she thought she had it but kept going past the second set of numbers. Stomping at her missed attempts she kept trying.
Dancing nervously in step she tried it twice more and managed to unlock it. A simple pull over satin dress was was hanging inside. In trying to retrieve it the spaghetti straps got tangled around the hook and it took a bit to get it free. Just as she lifted the dress over her head to slip it on she realized it was backwards and had to adjust it around her neck.
Bell sounding classroom doors opened all around her just as she pulled it down over her hips. Sighing loudly at her accomplished mission she fell back against the additional lockers and caught her breath. Seeing Reese and her flock leaving her room they waved at her with an arsenal of vivid thumbs up.
"See you tomorrow Mrs. M." Logan grinned. "Good job!"
Vanessa hugged her in passing, "Proud of you Josie."
Reese tailing the others stopped to glare at her, "Anal tomorrow?"
"Oh my God! You just made my heart flutter." She held her hand to her cleavage. With a smug nod he left her reeling.
Exhausted by her morning Josie closed the locker and slowly walked toward Piper who stood with her hands on her hips. "Wasn't that exhilarating?" Piper beguiled her with a flirty look.
"I'm so going to get even with you."
"Still love me?"
"Where's Tiffany?" Josie grew curious.
Eyes bulging Piper grit her teeth and hissed, "Oh, shit! I left her in my cubicle to take a psyche evaluation test while I was gone. I copied one from online."
"You what? That poor girl." Stupid idea, but hey if it kept the girl busy. Piper formulated the idea on the fly.
"Relax, even if she fails it, I'll give her flying colors. Look on the bright side my office walls don't have white padding."
"You're just plain evil."
"Guess what?"
"What?' She sighed as students marched to classes all around them, including her own. Luckily, nobody noticed Josie's soggy green dress in her desk side waste can thanks to Logan. They did find buttons on the floor though, of course not one student picked them up. War shrapnel!
"You fucked Reese Teller."
"I'm so going to get him again."
"Of course you will. Just one thing." Piper stepped closer brushing Josie's hair with her fingers to make it look less wild, "Now that you're being so open...you can't deny your other students. Keep them happy, and there's no risk of trouble."
"How can I keep doing that?"
"Easy! Hand job here, blowjob there, clits, licks, dicks, just let them know it's you who are in charge."
"Reese choked me. I loved that."
"Ok, let him be in charge now and then."
"Reese wants anal tomorrow."
"Go teach." Piper pats her bestie on the bottom giggling. "Tenderizing that for Reese."
"God I hope they hid my other dress." Ehhh? It was trashed anyway.
"Tata's for now." Piper fluffed Josie's tits right in front of the Spanish Teacher Kevin Fowler as he stepped from his classroom for fresh air. Eyes bulging at the unexpected sight he turned tail and hurried back in.
"He Si me?" Piper chuckled.
"Yep!"
"Gotta fly Venus."
Leaving Josie behind Piper went back to her office to release Tiffany Edwards.
For the record?
Tiffany was crazy! She failed her test miserably.
PSYCHE!