You can start here if you want, but the story progression and the cast of characters will be easier to follow if you go back to Chapter One and start from there.
Ellen
Steve and I walked hand in hand to the chaise lounges on the patio near the house, as naked as the day we were born. He gently laid me on my back, spread my legs, and studied my sex as he gently ran his fingers up and down the insides of my thighs. I was mortified and embarrassed to be exposed to his gaze like this, but at the same time, so thrilled I would have done it live, on national TV, if that's what it took to keep him going.
He moved his face closer and closer as he studied my most private parts until I could feel his warm breath on my clitoris, which was almost enough to send me over the edge all by itself. I don't know if I had ever been this turned on before in my life. I desperately wanted him to touch me where he was looking.
He made me wait until I was about to explode, and then shoved his hands under my buttocks, lifted me up to his face, and plunged his tongue deep into my pussy. I instantly orgasmed, shaking and screaming like a madwoman. He just patiently waited until my spasms died down, then he did it again, kissing my pussy up and down, and from one side to the other until I couldn't take it anymore. He then moved up my belly with his mouth, kissing his way to my breasts. As he sucked gently on first one, and then the other, I looked down and saw his beautiful penis bobbing between his legs. When I reached down and lined him up, he obliged by plunging deep inside me.
Steve
I was thinking about Ellen's pussy as we walked up the lawn to the patio. I was still young enough to have a lot of curiosity about what they looked like up close. Actually, I still do, never get tired of looking at them. But at that age, other than a few "dirty" magazines the boys passed around at school, I hadn't seen much. Playboy didn't show pubic hair yet, and the "open view" that Penthouse made famous was still well in the future. None of my girlfriends, including Susan liked me to look at them naked, so even when we fucked, it was in the dark or under the covers.
But now, I was walking naked across the lawn, holding hands with an equally naked, uninhibited and horny older woman and I planned to get a good look, and a taste of her privates. And then, when I'd had my fill of that, I was going to fuck her. Right there in the sunshine on her back patio. And by all accounts, that's what she wanted too. I could hardly believe it.
I laid her down on her back on one of the chaise lounges on her patio and gently spread her legs. I kneeled between them and studied her sex. She had a soft full bush that was a little darker than the head on her hair. Peeking out of it were two puffy pink lips, and between them there were more parts that deserved further study. It was just about the most exciting thing I'd ever seen in my life. My penis was so hard it hurt, and it was all I could do to keep myself from plunging into her up to the hilt. But I had other plans.
I touched the insides of her thighs, and Ellen shuddered. As I moved my fingers softly up and down, her legs twitched involuntarily. I bent closer until my mouth was almost touching her pussy. I inhaled her musty aroma and my penis grew another inch. It really did feel dangerously close to bursting.
I looked closely. I had never seen a woman's vagina this close, and this aroused. Between her legs, inside the forest of her pubic hair, her lower lips were pink and puffy, and there was another set of bright pink lips, slick with her juices, peeking out between them. Near the top of her slit was something that looked remarkably like a little miniature penis, standing proud and glistening in the sunshine. This was interesting, and deserved further study another time. Instead, I moved forward until my lips were kissing her lips. I reached under her and filled my hands with her buns, and lifted her as I stuck my tongue into her.
Ellen screamed in delight, and I felt the shudders that I now recognized as an orgasm take over her entire body. Nothing in my brief sexual experience had prepared me for Ellen. She didn't just let me have sex with her, she liked it. It wasn't just about me, there was a lot in it for her. I turned that thought over and over in my mind as I held her until she calmed down, and then I raised her pussy to my mouth and started on her again. This was getting interesting.
I explored, no, I worshiped her pussy with my eyes, my lips and my tongue as I held her up to my face. Her pubic hair ticked my nose as I inhaled her aromas, triggering an even further expansion of my already engorged cock. Ellen grabbed my head and pulled me towards her, so I kissed my way up through her curly hair, pausing at her navel for a second on the way to her breasts. As I kissed and sucked on each nipple in turn, Ellen grabbed my penis and rubbed the head downwards through her bush until I felt the wetness at her opening. I plunged inside her as far as I could go on the first stroke. There was no resistance, just a delightful slippery tightness.
I pumped in and out of her as I kissed each breast, and sucked on each nipple in turn. As my strokes got longer and longer I slipped out of her, and as I plunged back in I felt that wonderful feeling when your dick enters a pussy for the first time. I pulled all the way out again just to repeat the sensation, and then got into a rhythm. All the way in, all the way out. I felt our pubic hairs mingling as I hit bottom, and I felt the air on my wet penis as I pulled completely out on each stroke. I was in fucking heaven.
Ellen started screaming with joy. I was so busy doing what I was doing I wasn't sure what she was saying until I heard "Fill me up". That did it for me, and when I hit bottom the next time my penis started convulsing as my balls emptied what felt like another quart of my seed into her womb. I held myself there, enjoying the sensation, and Ellen's own orgasmic spasms, until they died down and I collapsed on top of her.
After I caught my breath, I opened my eyes and looked at her. She looked angelic, laying there nude in the sunshine, glistening with our mutual exertion. But then something caught my attention. Just above her head, on the other side of the glass, I saw a pair of red high heels. Complete with feet, which were attached to legs. "Uh-Oh," I thought as I looked up.
Ellen
I was dreamily coming down from my last explosive orgasm when I felt Steve stiffen under me, and not in a good way. I forced my eyes open to see a shocked expression on his face, As I bent my head around and backwards to see what he was looking at, I saw a woman's waist, her bare pussy exposed by the buttons on her sundress undone from the hem to above her waist. I recognized that dress! It was Lily, standing on the other side of the glass, with one hand between her legs and her panties around her ankles.
"Lily, what the Hell are you doing there spying on us?" I screamed. With an embarrassed look on her face, she shuffled sideways to the open doorway, and stumbled outside where she awkwardly stepped out of her panties. She couldn't look me in the eye.
"Lily, look at me. You were spying on us!"
With her hand furiously working on her pussy, she mumbled, "Ah, ah, hottest thing, ah, ah, ever seen...," as she pistoned two fingers in and out of herself. She looked like she was about to come, and I had an idea. I reached down, and grabbed both of her wrists with my hands and pulled her hands away from her. Her whole body trembled in frustration as she squeezed her thighs together futilely trying to keep the stimulation going.
"Lily," I said firmly, "We both know you have never been any good at keeping secrets, but you must never, never tell anybody what you saw here. This is my private business and the only way I know to keep you quiet is to make it your private business too. Worst case, and you blow up my marriage, you will blow up yours."
I turned to Steve, who was sitting on the edge of the chaise lounge with a stunned look on his face and a deflated cock hanging between his legs. "Get up here and unbutton the rest of Lily's dress for me dear."
He did as he was told, his shaking fingers fumbling with the buttons, and then helped me pull it off while I held her. She stood there in the sun, naked from the waist down wearing a black lace camisole, which we then pulled up and over her head until she was a naked as we were. She wasn't wearing a bra, and with the chest of a pre-teen, she didn't need one. I pulled her arms behind her as I got behind her and turned her to face Steve, fully exposed from head to toe.
"Well Steve, take a good long look at this naked bitch. What do you think?"
He looked her up and down a few times. "She looks nice with no clothes on, Ellen. I always thought Wayne's mom was a little skinny, and she's even more flat chested than Susan, but she looks damn good naked." I noticed that his dick was about half hard. "Only things is, she doesn't have any public hair. Between that and her hairless pussy, she almost looks like a little girl."
"Would you like to taste that little girl's pussy, Steve?" Lily squirmed in my grip.
Steve turned and leaned over and planted his mouth right on her mons. Lily spread her legs to give him better access, and I saw him stick out his tongue. From my angle I couldn't see where it was going, but from Lily's shakes and spasms, I had a pretty good idea.
Looking down across her chest, I also saw that while she had virtually no boobs at all, her nipples made up for it, and stuck out as far as a lot of A-cup women's breasts I'd seen. Without letting go of my death grip on her arms, I moved down and around to her side until I could get one of those engorged suckers in my mouth, where I kissed and sucked on it for all I was worth. This was a first for me, I'd never even considered sucking on another woman's breast before. I liked it, and from the increase in Lily's moans and exertions, she did too. And Steve was now as hard as a rock.
"Steve, sweetheart, help me lay this woman down on the chaise lounge. Would you like to fuck her now?"
"Are you sure, Ellen?" he looked up at me surprised.
"If you want her to keep our secret, honey, you've got to."
Lily started screaming, "No, oh no, I'm not using birth control. Please, no."
"Steve," I purred. "Please be a dear and run down to your truck and get a rubber out of the glovebox."
He looked up again, "And what makes you think I've got a rubber in my glovebox?"
"Because you've been screwing my daughter twice a week and more for over year and you haven't knocked her up yet. Nobody's that lucky."
"How are you going to keep Lily from getting away while I do that?" He was a practical one.
"Oh, I think I know how," I said as I slid down until our heads were side by side and we were both lapping at Lily's gaping pussy. "Lily, honey, would you like us to stop this?"
"Oh God no, please don't stop."
"Well, then I'm just going to pick up where Steve left off while he runs a little errand for us." Another first for me. To be honest, she tasted delicious.
Lily
I was so close, I was so, so close when Ellen looked up to see what Steve had seen and saw me, "What the Hell?" I heard her scream, followed by "Get your butt our here," or something to that effect.
I tried to walk, but my legs were wobbly and I kept tripping on something. As I stepped outside into the sunshine I looked down to see what it was and realized that it was my black lace panties around my ankles. I continued to finger myself as I stumbled out of them, and then realized with a start that I was standing bottomless, masturbating in front of Ellen, and her daughter's boyfriend Steve. I'd never even done this in front of my husband Cliff, or even so much as admitted to him that I'd ever done it. But now, embarrassed as I was, I couldn't stop. I was so close.
Suddenly Ellen jumped up behind me, and grabbed both of my arms and pulled my hand away from my burning pussy. I was so close! I squeezed my thighs together, but it was no good. I needed more stimulation.
The next thing I knew Steve was unbuttoning the rest of my sundress, and between the two of them they managed to get it off without letting go of my arms, and then Steve was tugging the bottom of my camisole up and over my tiny breasts. The feel of the silk against my engorged nipples was almost, but not quite enough to send me over the edge. After they got it completely off, and Ellen held me fully exposed to Steve's gaze, I don't know if I was more embarrassed to be fully nude before him, or for him to see how flat chested I was. But then I looked down to see that his penis was no longer limp, but about half hard, and realized I wasn't embarrassed, I was excited. And I was still so, so close. My body was tingling all over.
Ellen said something and Steve leaned over and planted his mouth right on my pussy. An electric charge shook my entire body. He stick his tongue out and licked me, and then started rolling it around my clitoris. When he stuck it in the entrance to my opening, I had a crushing orgasm, but unlike on the rare occasion when I had one with my husband Cliff, I wasn't done.
Ellen bent down and started sucking on my right nipple, and I came again. I'd never had two orgasms in one day in my life, and I'd just had two in the last thirty seconds. And I wanted more. This was a first for me, but all I wanted at that moment was for the "firsts" to keep coming. It wasn't long before they did.
Ellen and Steve laid me down on the chaise lounge, and Ellen asked Steve if he'd like to fuck me. "Oh no!" I screamed, "I not on the pill," when Ellen planted her mouth on my pussy and started eating me out like a pro. She was so much better than my husband, I wondered if she was a secret lesbian, or if I was. But then, I just thought, "A woman knows what a woman likes," and laid back and enjoyed it. I'm not sure where he went, but Steve had disappeared.
Ellen was very gentle, and slowly brought me closer and closer to my third orgasm when I saw Steve out of the corner of my eye, rolling a condom onto the largest hard-on I'd ever seen in real life. Lust took over and I pushed Ellen away, turned my hips towards him and spread my legs further apart than I ever had in my life. At that moment, I didn't care what price I might pay later, I wanted that dick in me and I wanted it now.
Steve obliged by kneeling between my thighs, I saw his beautiful penis bobbing between his legs and then I saw the tip disappear between mine. A moment later, when I felt him at my opening, I reflexively pushed my hips towards him and felt him begin to enter me. I pushed harder, as he did to, and he hit bottom on the first stroke. That had never happened before either, it usually took Cliff quite a few short strokes to get me lubricated enough for full penetration. Right now, my juices were flowing like the River Nile.
Pretty soon Steve was pumping longer and longer strokes in and out of me, and I realized I wanted him to do to me what I'd seen him doing to Ellen. I timed it perfectly and pulled back just as he was almost out and his penis popped free. I saw the shining tip for an instant before a smile of recognition lit up his face, my pussy lit up in anticipation of what was to come next, and he plunged back all the way back inside in one long smooth stroke. When he hit bottom, I had my third orgasm.
But he wasn't done, and pulled it all the way out again, and plunged all the way in again. After a few strokes, Ellen somehow wormed her way between us and started sucking on my nipples again. That did it for me, and I had my fourth orgasm of the encounter. "Oh God, oh god, please stop, I can't take it anymore," I whimpered.
A perfect gentleman, Steve stopped, held himself inside me for a few seconds, and reluctantly pulled out. He was still as hard as a rock. Ellen looked back at his engorged dick and raised her rump up in the air right at the level of Steve's cock. It didn't take him two seconds to take the hint, and he stuck his penis right in her and just kept pumping away without missing more than a few strokes. Ellen went back to work on my nipples, as I raised my hand up and tweaked the nipple on her full breast.
"The other one too, the other one too, you won't hurt me," she gasped. I gently tweaked the nipple on her deflated breast. Both of them felt as rock hard as mine did. "Harder," Ellen moaned, "Pinch me," she cried as she gently bit down on my nipple. An electric shock shot through my body as she bit me, and Steve increased his tempo. I could feel every thrust through my fingertips all the way down to my own pussy almost as clearly as if he was still fucking me. I pinched Ellen's nipples harder as she moved to my other breast and bit down on me so hard I thought she must have drawn blood. It felt like fireworks were going off in my head. Just then, all three of us orgasmed at the same time and collapsed in a heap.
After a few minutes, as I came to at the bottom of a pile of sweaty naked bodies, I assessed my situation, which included a lot of firsts. First time I'd had sex with somebody other than my husband since we'd been married, first threesome, first orgasm with woman, and five orgasms in one session. Hell, it might have been the first time I'd had five orgasms in one month in my life. These days, Cliff and I weren't having sex five times a month, but even when we first met and were fucking like rabbits, I faked it most of the time. I still did.
Just as I wondered if I was a lesbian and didn't know it, Steve rolled off the top of us and onto his back on the adjacent chaise lounge. One look at his beautiful penis, with the tip of his condom filled with his cum, stirred something deep inside that told me that wasn't the case. If I hadn't been so tired, and sore, and sweaty and basically fucked out, I would have taken him again right there on the spot.
As I looked at him with adoring eyes, I suddenly thought with a start, "Oh my God, I just fucked my best friend's daughter's boyfriend." And then, after I took that in, I thought, "And, I just fucked my best friend." Last I thought, "And I just cheated on my husband." The first two thoughts bothered me a lot, but I dismissed that last one with "I bet the SOB cheated on me first." I had zero evidence for the last, but it made me feel better.
Steve
As I came to lying on my back in the sunshine, I looked over to see two naked women lying on top of each other, glistening with sweat. They were so different, one voluptuous (on one side) and a bit plump, the other skinny as a rail, and both drop dead gorgeous in their own way. I realized that they were both old enough to be my mother, Hell one of them was my girlfriend's mother. And the other one was the mother of my nemesis at high school, the stuck-up prick Wayne.
I wondered if I should feel guilty about cheating on Susan, my girlfriend, and then I remembered that she'd left me here to go gallivanting all over Europe with Wayne (and a bunch of other rich kids from high school), and if I knew Wayne, he was probably trying to stick his dick in Susan right this very minute. And, if I knew Susan, she was probably letting him.
Then I thought about John, Ellen's husband, who seemed like a pretty nice guy, even if he was halfway down the road to being a full-blown alcoholic. And he'd practically paid me to screw his wife, kept telling me to "keep her happy." Seems like I'd been holding up my end of that bargain.
Last there was Cliff, Wayne's dad, who if anything was a more conceited jerk than Wayne could ever hope to be. Well, if anybody had it coming, he did.
My conscience clear, or so I thought at the time, I drifted off again.
When I came to, Ellen and Lily were gone, so I walked over to the hose, turned it on, and washed the sweat and sex off, and went looking for my shorts. I pulled them on, found my shoes and gloves, and got back to work. Even with the rather extended break, I still had time to cut the last of the sod out, pile it in my truck, and get home in time for dinner.