(Thanks to Drewau for editing. Comments and feedback always welcome and appreciated. As with most of my stories, it is advised to read the previous chapters for context.)
*****
It had been three months since Tom and Nicci had starting having sex, and now they did it every day. Quite often multiple times a day. They had gotten lucky the first time and while Nicci didn't get pregnant, they decided they needed to be more careful.
They had discussed what birth control to use. They thought about condoms, but the idea of some rubber thing inside of her creeped Nicci out, and Tom didn't really want anything between him and her.
For similar reason they chose not to use diaphrams either. They thought about trying to get better at pulling out. But a quick Google search told them that wasn't really that effective. Not to mention they never did think very clearly in the heat of the moment.
They really liked the idea of birth control pills. The only problem was that Nicci's dad paid her health insurance. If he started getting bills for that in the mail, he would start asking a lot of questions. Google ended up being quite helpful again in this problem after they read that birth control could help regulate her cycle as well as clear up acne.
Tom was surprised how quickly and easily Nicci came up with her plan. She would call her dad stressed out and crying. She would complain that school was stressing her out so much, that it was "affecting her body." She would play coy and finally give in at her father's request for her to confide in him.
She would tell him that her cycle was all messed up because of the stress. Then she would tentatively broach the topic that one of her friends recommended a certain pill to her that could help with that. She would make sure to use the scientific name in the hopes that her dad wouldn't know that. She would throw in that it could help with her acne too.
In the end, she didn't even need the acne bit. As with most guys, her dad got super uncomfortable when she mentioned her period and was willing to do anything to move the conversation along. Including buying birth control pills for his daughter so that she could continue humping the cute neighbor boy like animals in heat.
As the two finished up what was likely their hundredth time, Nicci climbed out of bed and headed for the door. Tom enjoyed the tease of seeing Nicci's exquisite butt, bare back, and brief glimpses of side boob. He thought it was funny that he knew every square inch of her body at this point, but it was still really hot to be teased like this.
"Where are you going? It's 10:30 at night." Tom asked.
"I've got to do some laundry."
"Can't you do that tomorrow?"
Nicci leaned into the door frame and used her arms as a cushion. Doing this kept the tease alive as Tom could only see sideboob still. He knew she did it on purpose to tease him. "I'm already on my third use of all my clothes. I'm not going to my 7 a.m. class smelling like sweat."
Tom sighed. He knew she was right. He honestly needed to do a load himself. He had a little more time though, as his class started at ten. Nicci continued with a flirtatious smile. "You could join me, and we could have some fun in the laundry room."
The thought aroused Tom, but there was no way he was doing that. "I don't think I'm to the point that I could have sex in a public place yet."
"Yet?" Nicci teased. Tom stuttered as he tried to correct his statement. Nicci simply smiled, leaned over, and kissed him. Tom couldn't help but give Nicci's nipple a playful pinch. "Stop it. You're going to get me hot again and I really don't have time."
Nicci skipped out of the room to the bathroom. They kept their laundry baskets in the towel closet for easy access. She looked through the gross pile of clothes and tried to find the least foul thing available. She ended up not having any underwear clean enough that didn't make her shudder.
Nicci was already a little hot from the teasing in the bedroom. Not to mention, her sex drive seemed to be insatiable. Sex with Tom was great. But he could typically only go two or three times before he needed to rest. And, while he gave her about double the amount of orgasms than she gave him, she always wanted more. There were even a few times she played with herself while watching Tom sleep.
All that being said, the thought of going down to the laundry room sans underwear turned her on even more. She had a quick moral battle with herself, before deciding that she would be fine. But then she had to figure out what to wear. She was faced with the same issue. Most everything was too dirty to mess with.
She had one option that felt too crazy to her old 'good virgin' persona. She had an oversized workout shirt. It used to be one of Tom's t-shirts, but then it got a hole in the side. Nicci cut nearly the entire side body of the shirt out and typically wore a sports bra underneath. Even that was a bit risque for her. She felt like a slut wearing something like that to the apartments fitness center. Wearing it now, without a sports bra underneath was utterly insane.
It left her sides completely exposed. You could see plenty of sideboob with it on, and if she ever leaned even slightly forward, someone beside her could see her nipples She did another quick mental risk calculation, and thought that she would be fine considering it was so late.
Her shorts, while revealing, were nothing even close to what was going on with her shirt. The grey sleep shorts ended right at the start of her legs in the front. In the back you could just start to see the southernmost portion of her fleshy butt. But that mattered little as they rode up her butt just enough to tease the shape and crack.
They were absolutely sleep shorts, not deemed for public wear. Well, at least they were until recently when they forsook bed clothes altogether. It was much easier to have sex if you were nude. Nicci recalled a night where she woke Tom up already bouncing up and down on her nude body. She actually got wet just thinking about it. She dabbed the moisture away from her slit with some toilet paper and threw the clothes on.
As expected, the laundry room was empty. What was unexpected was how the walk through the parking garage was the coldest and hottest walk of her life. It was chillier than she had expected, and she wasn't wearing much. That didn't matter much as she was so turned on by the thrill of someone possibly seeing her, that she was quite flushed.
She was also quite perky now as her shirt revealed. Nicci was surprised by how much of an exhibitionist she was at heart. It took all her willpower to not masturbate right then and there. The only problem she was noticing was that her shorts were now visibly wet. She couldn't sit there in wet shorts, not in this weather. Not to mention what if someone came in and saw them.
At least those were the justifications Nicci used to strip off her shorts and throw them in the machine. She started it up and sat on her washer. Her shirt was long enough that she could stretch it beneath her butt, giving the illusion that she might just be wearing really short shorts.
All of this made Nicci even more horny. The vibrations of the washer beneath her didn't hurt either. She was very quickly losing control. This much erotic stimulus was hard to walk away from, and she spread her legs a little and pushed the front tail of the shirt against her moist pussy. She had intended to stabilize the vibration and calm herself down.
What she actually did was start rubbing herself through her shirt. Her eyes closed and she couldn't help but picture Tom rubbing her. She didn't last long and she orgasmed so hard that she fell over onto the adjacent washer.
She quickly stood up and decided to walk around. Get away from the vibrations. She paced back and forth twice before realizing that, standing, her shirt left her butt and pussy completely exposed. Nicci sat back down on the washer and wondered why there were no other seats in the room.
Nicci noticed the TV hanging from the ceiling in front of her. She quickly grabbed the remote and sat back down. If she could just distract herself, she'd be fine, she thought.
Nicci flipped on the TV and started watching whatever movie was on, vaguely surprised they had cable in the laundry. She hadn't seen much, as they never had cable in the house growing up.
She watched as a couple were talking about something. It was his birthday or something. Another woman entered and started talking to them. The guy gets a goofy grin on his face as the girls have a mischievous twinkle in their eyes. The next thing Nicci knows, they are pulling their clothes off and kissing each other.
Nicci was stunned by this. Not just the sex and nudity on cable, but by the idea of having another woman join the couple for sex. With her extremely sheltered upbringing, she had no idea sex could be a team sport. She was so turned on by this and terrified someone would walk in and catch her watching it.
Nicci couldn't help but picturing her and Tom with another woman. She leaned back, supporting her with with her hands on the washer behind her. Her legs parted naturally and she slipped into her own imagination. Her eyes were closed now. A marching band could have gone through the room and she wouldn't have noticed.
All she could focus on was this fantasy. She felt Tom gently part her legs. She felt his breath chill her as it blew on her juices smeared against her pussy. Then his tongue. Oh that tongue. She could never get enough of that tongue. And he was especially good tonight.
Nicci was squirming and squirting in under a minute. She kept her eyes closed as she savored the moments afterward. Then something happened that made her open her eyes. A mouth wrapped around her breast and a tongue was toying with her nipple.
This felt way too real to still be a fantasy. She opened her eyes and saw a punk rock looking chick with her mouth around her breast. The woman had short pink hair, rings in her left eyebrow, nose, and many in her ears. Nicci could see a tattoo covering the woman's left shoulder.
"What the fuck are you doing!?" Nicci clamped her hands over her mouth immediately. She had never used language like that before. There was only one curse that was considered worse in her house growing up.
"What? I can taste your juice but not your milk?"
Nicci suddenly felt violated. No wonder Tom's mouth felt so real in her fantasy, she had been actually eaten out by this woman. Nicci pushed her slight panic aside at the idea that she might be a lesbian because of this, to ask more pertinant questions.
"Who are you, and why are your molesting me with your mouth?"
The woman pulled her mouth off the tit, smiled and extended a hand. "Hi, I'm Mary Ann. And I was just helping a girl out. You had your legs so far apart that that Hagrid could have gotten in. So I thought that was an open invitation."
Nicci was speechless. She suddenly knew how Tom felt when she kept pressuring him to do more. It was in that moment that she decided that she didn't want to be that prudish or hard to convince.
"Take off your clothes." Nicci surprised herself by her own words.
Mary Ann smiled and obliged her new friend. She stood and pulled off her Korn T-shirt, revealing an amazing set of tits. They were the size of small watermelons with bright pink areolas and nipples the size of dimes that jutted out nearly an inch.
Nicci stretched out a hand that told her to stop. She wanted a closer look without being distracted by other body parts. She slid off the washer and tentatively reached out toward them. She felt stupid being so shy around breasts. Nicci had them, she had seen plenty of her friends tits while they were changing. She had even touched her friends once when they were comparing them.
But this time was different. She was seeing them as Tom must see them. As these gloriously erotic orbs. Nicci's hand froze an inch from touching them and she glanced up asking permission with her eyes. Mary Ann smiled at her sheepishness. "It's ok. They've been twisted by much rougher hands than yours."
The image that conjured up made a little bit of her juices leak down her leg. But she was invested at this point. She reached out and touched Mary Ann's breasts with both hands. Nicci had heard the term ladyboner before, if such a thing was possible, she had one now. She squeezed and kneaded the firm flesh in her hands.
Nicci began to haltingly bring her mouth closer and closer to a nipple. She looked up into Mary's eyes for permission. Mary Ann said, "You have to learn to be more aggressive with what you want. Most women aren't going to serve up their tits on a platter for you like this."
Nicci took a breast into her mouth and sucked. The feeling was so familiar and erotic at the same time. She pinched the other nipple between her thumb and pointer finger. That got a reaction out of the rocker chick. She moaned and twisted in her short shorts.
Mary Ann began to unbutton her shorts, but Nicci stopped her. She was attempting to be more assertive, like Mary Ann said. "Let me."
So, Mary Ann held her hands up in surrender. Nicci knelt down and brought her shaking hands up to the woman's waistline. She unfastened the button and unbearably slowly lowered the zipper.
"Boy, you know how to tease a girl." Mary Ann said as her hands slid up her rib cage and started playing with her own nipples.
"Sorry, I'm new to this."
"To women, or sex in general." Mary joked. The embarrassed look on Nicci's face told her everything. "Oh, I'm sorry, take as much time as you need."
Nicci noded subtly and hooked her fingers into the woman's waistline. She pulled down slowly and saw she was wearing black cotton panties with a tiny pink heart on the crotch. Nicci nervously touched the cloth and felt the ridges of her pussy lips beneath.
She looked up and asked, "Can I see the back, please?"
"If you ask that nicely, I'll let you perform a proctological exam." The crude joke startled Nicci and she blushed. "Sorry, not everyone gets my crass sense of humor."
Mary Ann turned slowly as if not to startle a deer. Her panties had a ridge line up the middle in the back that framed her butt beautifully. Nicci gently poked the little bit of a cheek that was sticking out of the bottom. The poke became a caress, and the caress became a squeeze.
Then Nicci got really adventurous and let her fingers slide up under the panties and grope the entire cheeks. Mary Ann moaned again. "I'm not used to women being so gentle with me."
Nicci couldn't think of anything to say to that, so she said nothing. She pulled her hands out and then reached up for the hemline. She repeated the same hook and pull method she used with the shorts. Inch by inch the pale tan lines of Mary Ann's cheeks came into view.
When they were finally revealed, the small round orbs were nearly as hot as her breasts. Nicci lost herself for a moment and kissed a cheek. Then she open mouth kissed the cheek.
"As much as I like sloppy wet kisses, unless your going to start tonguing my hole, I'm not getting much out of this."
Nicci recoiled in disgust. "I could never do that. That's where... You know, stuff comes out."
Mary Ann laughed and turned. "I get that. How about this hole then?"
Nicci stared at the thin bare slit, the little nub of the clit just barely poking out. It was wet, and Nicci felt a little proud that she had caused that. "I think I can try. But how do I do this?"
"Imagine you are french kissing a sideways mouth." The description made Nicci laugh, but it made sense. She stuck her tongue out and touched the woman's clit with the tip of her tongue. Mary Ann gasped and said, "That's it, take your time."
Nicci swirled her tongue around the little nub and Mary whispered "You've got some talent there." as her knees went wobbly.
Nicci ran her tongue down the length of her slit and then back up again. Mary's entire body was shaking now. "I hope you're thirsty, because you're about to get a mouthful of juice."
The thought made Nicci's own juices began to flow. Her hand went to her own nubbin as she slid her tongue inside this woman's slit. She was surprised by how much she liked the taste. Mary Ann had to plant a hand on the washer behind her for stability.
"K...keep...keep going." She managed to stutter out. So, Nicci did. She took the woman's advice and began kissing it like it was a mouth. Very quickly she had juices running down her chin and neck.
Mary Ann was flexing her hips into Nicci's face. She hit a point when she
couldn't rely on the amatuer to do everything right. So she grabbed the back of Nicci's head and shoved her face hard into her pussy, and ground her crotch hard into the virgin nose and mouth.
Mary Ann was screaming in pleasure as Nicci moaned from teasing her own clit. The vibrations from her moaning drove Mary Ann up the wall. Seconds later Nicci looked like she had just gotten out of the shower. Her head was drenched, as was the floor beneath her from her own juices.
It was about that time that Tom came too. He had decided to do some laundry and keep Nicci company. He walked in about the time that Nicci was pulling Mary Ann's shirt off. That sight gave him pause, her sucking on the huge breasts kept him curious to see what else happened. When Mary Ann's shorts came off, so did Tom's.
From that moment on, he had been masturbating from around the corner of the washers. He came in the dark crevice behind the machine. He was about to put himself away and figure out a way to let Nicci know he was on his way so that he didn't walk in on this.
He felt ashamed that he watched, and even more masturbated to, the really taboo scene before him. He imagined Nicci would feel even more ashamed if she were caught in the act. Truth be told though, he was hornier now than when he walked in and saw them.
He was about to call Nicci's cell phone to let her know he was coming down, when he heard three words that kept him from pushing send. "So, what's next?"
To be continued.