Walking into this hotel with Madison on my arm suddenly felt too natural, like she was my wife. Of course I really wanted to fuck her, but after what happened in the car, just us doing it in the hotel room didn't seem quite as exciting anymore. No doubt I'd been sucked up into the shame-game of this couple, where both of them got off by watching her play out her own secret fantasy of being so exposed. It was almost addictive, this feeling of her half-hiding how dirty she really wanted to get, then watching it play out. More than thinking of simply having her up in the suite Andy had reserved for us, I kept obsessing over the guys in the car next to us watching her get off.
Considering that I started to think like her husband in terms of how shaming turned her on, I should have suspected that something else had been planned as a real climax to their dynamic fantasy. We started to head toward the elevator, each of us holding one of her hands, when suddenly she completely stopped and turned away.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"Look...our friends, George and Ted, standing right in the middle of the lobby!"
I peered through the small crowd and found them, waving in our direction. We all knew them. They were fathers of other daughters from the kid's birthday party. Adam knew them better than me, since he managed their money too. He casually waved them over.
"What are they doing here," whispered Madison, still not making eye contact. "Did you...invite them?"
"I did," smirked Adam.
"But you said it would just be Robert!!" she raised her voice now, in the way a really outraged wife does to her husband.
"Relax," he said, patting her back. "They're just here to watch," said Adam.
"Adam NO! I mean it. I'm not even playing your stupid game for you here. I know their wives! They're friends of mine! Of ours!! Good friends! We can't. We just can't!" At this point they were almost within earshot.
"It's okay," he replied with classic confidence, "they signed the same legal forms as Robert."
We greeted them as if we were in any social gathering around the neighborhood, with them shaking my hand and kissing Madison on her cheek. I could tell she got really nervous though, clinging to her husband as he small talked with them. I started to get a little resentful, since this was supposed to be my night. Soon, though, he casually suggested we should head up, and like a real gentleman, he added, "Let's let Robert and Maddy lead the way." I reached for her hand, which felt like a real transgression. She didn't really want to grasp mine, but I left her no choice, holding her firm and pulling her half behind me.
"I'm really looking forward to tonight," said Ted, standing right next to Maddy in the elevator as he looked he up and down..
"Me too," agreed George, a little nervously. I could tell he wasn't sure he should be going through with this.
Once we got to the room and Adam had mixed drinks for us at the mini-bar, she asked if she could see me and him in the bathroom for a minute.
"What's the issue?" asked her husband as she closed the door behind us, as if there were no reason to be upset.
"This is too far!" she whisper-yelled. "Look, this has been exciting for all of us. I want to have sex with Robert, okay, but only with Robert!"
Flattered and now a little protective, I decided to stand up for her. "If she's not happy I say we call it off with those two Adam. I mean, honestly, you didn't tell me about this, and I said no gay action whatsoever. This is feeling kind of gay. Plus, I don't even want to share her."
"Who said anything about sharing???!" exclaimed Adam. "And nobody's being gay! These guys don't want to cheat on their wives, they made that clear. They do, however, very much want to watch. And they won't say anything. They can't."
Maddy shook her head no, but didn't say anything else.
"It's not really up to me anyway, is it?" Continued Adam. "You are Robert's for the night. So it's his call."
She looked to me a little relieved, considering how I'd just came to her defense. Seeing her before me, though, and knowing these mutual friends would never talk, I started to get into the idea.
"Let's just see how it goes for a little while," I reassured her, grabbing her by the hand and walking her out into the suite.
Well familiar with her blushing by now, and finding it really sexy, I took over her husband's role in provoking it.
"Look who I have here guys. She seems ready. Doesn't she?"
"Sure she does," Ted teased. George stayed quiet, looking nervous, but excited. She just stared at the ground.
"Where should we start?" I asked rhetorically. "Oh yes, with spankings. You see, at the restaurant, she refused to eat her brussels sprouts. As a kid she used to get spanked for that, didn't you Maddy?"
I loved calling her by the shortened name now, like her husband. I also liked making her talk.
"We can't hear you Maddy. Answer me!" I commanded.
"Yes," she said quietly, looking down.
"Say it!" I insisted. "What used to happened when you didn't eat your brussels sprouts?"
She looked up at me for a second, then down again. "I...I...used to get spankings."
"And did you eat your brussels sprouts tonight, on our date?"
"No." She said.
"I'm going to need some help here," I said, now feeling really in control. "Ted, why don't you lead Maddy over to the little desk, help her put her elbows on it. Hold her there for us so she doesn't move."
"Sure thing chief!" said Ted, grateful to have an assignment.
"And George, I'm going to be busy giving her spankings," I reasoned, now rolling up my shirt sleeves. "Why don't you position her ass up in the air for me, and pull up her dress so I can spank her hot little married ass."
Without speaking George moved his hands under her, lifting her ass up, then pulled her dress over her ass, exposing her naked bottom.
"How about this? No underwear. Does she look ready for her spanking George?"
George seemed really unsure if he should answer, clearly a little disturbed doing this to one of his wife's good friends. "Yeah," he finally spoke up, stealing a glimpse at her fully exposed pussy, then looking away.
I started kind of soft, almost playful, but seeing her held tight by Ted, and with her dress held up by George, she looked like an especially bad girl, so I started to give her bad girl spankings.
"Are you a bad girl, Maddy?" I asked. Swatting both of her cheeks red with the palm of my hand. "I can't hear you?"
"Yes." She sighed, trying to contain both her pain and her embarrassment.
"Say it, Maddy, tell us!" I ordered, still spanking her.
"I'm a...bad girl."
"Wow her ass is red, isn't it red George?" George just nodded. "I bet it's as red as her face. She blushes when she's ashamed. Is she blushing Ted?"
"She really is," said Ted, "still holding her arms down."
All of the spankings seemed to make her really submissive. Though certain at this point she was turned on, I still decided to ask anyway.
"Do you think she's turned on?" I asked the guys. "She seems to like it, but how can we tell? Maybe we should feel her pussy." I suggested. "George, does it feel wet?" He hesitated, but knowing we were all watching, knew he'd have to go for a feel. He reached with the hand not holding her dress up and touched her. Nodding yes, he quickly moved his hand away, ashamed he touched his wife's closest friend sexually.
"Well, it looks like you're ready Maddy," I said. "Do you know what I'm going to do to you now?"
"Yes." She said, as I gave her a few more hard spanks.
"Tell me...tell us all."
"You're going to fuck me." She said it cold, matter of fact, as she turned her head to look at me.
Adam walked over and handed me a condom. I don't use them with my wife, so it was a little different for me, but of course at this point I didn't mind. It also ended up helping me last longer, which I really appreciated, considering how turned on I was.
I started off in a slow, easy rhythm, but watching her with her ass up in the air, another man holding her down while her husband studied what I was doing to his hot wife, I started really pumping into her.
Unlike the rowdy young guys in the car next to us, these visitors had some reserve. But while they didn't yell or say things half as crudely, they still commented in hushed tones the same sorts of things all straight men think. "Wow," said Ted, "Robert is really fucking Madison. It looks like she likes it too."
"Give it to her Robert," said George, a little more insecurely.
"Fuck her married pussy for all of us," said Ted.
I fucked her really hard for a while, then slowed down as we all got quiet, so still we could hear her heavy exhales as I pushed myself inside her with long deep thrusts. Knowing she was close, I continued taking over her husband's role of shamefully encouraging her.
"Are you going to come for us Maddy? Come on Maddy, be a good girl and show us how you like to come."
"I bet she looks really hot when she comes," commented Ted, who was about to find out, considering by holding her arms in place he had the front row view.
George, though, was silent, still visibly affected by what he'd signed on for with his wife's close friend. I could tell he wanted to get more into it, and seeing as though I needed some help, I asked for his encouragement.
"Hey George, Maddy needs some help getting there. Why don't you rub on her clit while I keep fucking her?" I asked in a more alpha way than usual, sounding like Adam.
"I would but...I mean..." started George. "We agreed to no sex...just watching."
"It's not sex George, I'm the one fucking her. You're just assisting," I explained. "Ted, you don't seem so afraid. Why don't you show George? How about feeling on her little tits. They're so perky, her nipples. She loves it when you rub them. I bet she wants you to suck them too."
That's all Ted needed. He pulled down the straps of her dress, like I did before, and this time actually undid her bra. He opened his hands, and let her nipples rub against each of his fingers as I pushed and pulled her onto my cock. She started moaning, and after a little more of it, he got under her, with his head on the desk, letting his tongue do the same thing to her hard nipples as he'd done with his fingers. He worked his cock out now with his free hand, jerking himself while he sucked on her tits.
"Come on George," I said, "it's a team effort."
Too turned on to resist, George reached with his free hand as he still held her dress up with the other. Feeling up her thigh, he got near the top of her pussy and started rubbing. "Jesus," he sighed, under his breath.
His resistance to what he so wanted to do, then his ultimate surrender to his desire, really helped get her there.
"Oh my God oh my God!" cried Maddy. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck!!"
I still kept fucking her after she came like that, suddenly noticing that at some point her husband had started jerking off to all of this too. Close to coming myself, I took a little risk, fearing the rejection, but figuring at this point it wouldn't hurt to ask. Turning to her husband as he pumped his own cock, I asked,
"Can I finish in her ass?"
"Sure," said Adam, without having to think about it.
"Adam no!" She cried. "You said...that's off limits. I mean we've only done that once ourselves!"
With her perfect ass still up in the air in a room full of men, two of whom were jerking off, I drooled onto her perfectly clean asshole, then rubbed my spit over it with my finger. My own upscale wife has never let me do this, so it was a real treat for me. Admittedly, I was thinking a lot about Nicolette as I forced my cock into her ass, slow at first, then pumping into the incredible tightness. She moaned in a kind of painful desire, and as I came I held her back into me, my cock now completely up her rich married ass.
The wind down was especially awkward, since these weren't strangers and we knew we'd now have to return to our normal lives. The guys cleaned themselves up pretty quick, and when Maddy went to the shower, she didn't come out in the hotel robe to get dressed for bed until they were gone.
I was thinking about leaving, since things now seemed especially awkward between her and I. Adam, however, insisted I sleep over.
"It's really late, and I'm leaving early in the morning," he said. "Just sleep in, and you two can have breakfast before saying goodbye.
I was a little worried he'd want a turn at his own wife after all of this. I certainly would have in his place. But he told me since she was still my date he'd give us the bed, and he took the fold out sofa. He stayed up a little watching basketball on mute. She went right to sleep next to me. I drifted off for a little while, but soon found myself wide awake, wanting her again. I knew anything after all we did would be anticlimactic, but sex with her had been so unbelievably hot that I had to have more.
After her shower she'd put on a little tank top without a bra, and a pair of white panties. Lying on her back, her perky tits in the distant light of the TV barely covered by the pink top looked irresistible. I always get in trouble trying to wake my wife up for sex, but Maddy seemed so much more submissive that I didn't think she'd mind. I gently moved my hands into the sides of her top, feeling on her nipples. She started to wake up, but didn't fight me, so I raised her top and gently kissed and sucked on her perky little tits.
I soon had my hand inside her panties, fingering her as I moved to kiss her beautiful mouth. As I pulled her panties off, she opened her eyes for a second, looking concerned.
"Do you have another condom?" She asked.
"No," I said, starting to put my dick into her.
"Adam would be really against this," she said. "We always use condoms. I could get pregnant."
"Let's not tell him then," I whispered, already starting to fuck her, "and let's not wake him up."
Even though this time we had quiet, gentle sex, her husband not knowing really turned me on, like a continuation of when I held her hand in the backseat of his car after she blew me. Thinking about her giving me head after so much embarrassment along with our little romantic connection that followed on that car ride, I stuck my thumb in her mouth now as I fucked her a little harder. As submissive as ever, she kept her eyes closed and her head turned to the side while sucking on my thumb.
"That's right bad girl," I whispered, "suck it like a cock. You wish two men were fucking you, don't you? Like Ted and George. You know we all wanted you to have you blow us that day at the kid's party, with frosting on your face, don't you?"
She started sucking my thumb harder when I said that, and even harder when I told her: "Yeah, you want me to come inside your little married pussy, don't you, and in your mouth."
Just as she could feel me coming, she sucked really hard on my thumb, almost biting it. We lay perfectly still for a while, then she whispered,
"I have to go clean myself."
We both slept through the rest of the night, not even waking up when Adam got up at some point and left for his meeting.
It was actually really nice having breakfast with her in the hotel restaurant, drinking great coffee and talking about normal stuff, like our plans for the weekend. We shared a Lyft back to our respective places in New Jersey, since we lived close together. Dropping her off first, I just kissed her goodbye on the cheek like a causal, friendly goodbye.