After watching the 25thdifferent version of "A Christmas Carol" during the Holiday season last year, I was inspired to create an erotic version of the story, and Nude Day seemed to be the perfect holiday for the setting. There are some scenes of male/male sex and BDSM, so if these bother you please be warned and don't say you weren't warned. I put it in Exhibitionist/Voyeur because that is what the main character is throughout the story. Oh, and my apologies to the spirit of Charles Dickens.
I am a long-time reader on Literotica, but this is my first submission and hopefully not my last. Please enjoy and vote.
--------------------------------------------------
Elizabeth walked into her office, glad once again to be in her wood-paneled sanctum. She carefully set the leather briefcase down on the mahogany desk next to the cup of coffee her assistant had placed there moments before. She then removed her scarf and gloves, handing them to Roberto in their well-rehearsed morning dance. As he left to place her things on their shelf, she sat down and logged into her computer and savored the hot beverage as the familiar start-up tune played from the computer speakers.
As she opened her email program she heard Roberto in the front office talking to someone.
"So, you going to be there tomorrow?"
"You know it, sweetie." she heard Roberto's reply. "I've got something special for you."
She heard kissing sounds and then the door open and close. A few seconds later Roberto appeared in her doorway, a little red in the face.
"Who was that?"
"Just Hank from across the street, Ms. Groome. He was just checking to make sure I was going to the party tomorrow."
"You know I don't pay you to play kissy face with your boyfriends."
"Yes Ms. Groome, I'll see that it doesn't happen again."
"Very well, what do we have for today?"
And with that, the business day began...
She never understood why her husband had chosen this location, but she had to admit that Harold had negotiated one hell of a deal on the lease. While the business remained in this location, the annual rent increase was tied to the CPI, so now after 20 years and a couple of real estate booms, they were paying less than half what it would cost anywhere else in town.
Of course, that also meant that she had to walk past the strip club with the bright neon sign advertising "Girls! Girls! Girls!" that was between her office and the parking lot. It wasn't an issue in the morning, but when she left in the evening she occasionally had to deal with rowdy, drunk young men who tried to pick her up, figuring since she was walking through the parking lot she must be a dancer at the club.
Her office window faced the bar across the street. She figured it was a gay bar since she knew Roberto and his partner hung out there after work most nights. The club was called "Beach Bums", and their sign featured a muscular guy laying, front-side-down on the sand wearing just a thong, looking back over his shoulder winking at the viewer, which did nothing to change her opinion of the place.
At least those two places usually didn't start getting busy until after she had locked up for the night. The sex shop next door was another matter as they seemed to have a regular stream of people walking past her door all day. Most of these were middle-aged old men who shuffled past her door going to the shop, then shuffling back to the parking lot a half-hour later empty handed. She wasn't completely oblivious and figured the guys were going there to jack off in the video arcade. Occasionally you might get a young couple or a group of giggling girls getting things for a bachelorette party. Sometimes these people would come in her office door, but quickly would realize they were in the wrong place and back out again.
Until his death seven years ago, Harold McBride had been one of the shrewdest people in the real-estate business, at least in this city. He started off as a realtor, but quickly realized that it was easier being a mortgage broker and letting the other guys try to match up buyers and sellers. When Elizabeth came to work for him, he was just starting to build a business in the sub-prime market, financing people who wouldn't normally qualify, then when they couldn't pay he would foreclose on the home and turn it into a rental property, in many cases renting it back to the very people he had just foreclosed.
He originally hired Elizabeth to be eye-candy for the front office, but quickly realized her real value was much deeper than that. Her keen financial sense and her ruthless manner when dealing with foreclosures and the occasional eviction moved her quickly from secretary to full business partner. After a few years, they had grown their holdings to the point that they managed most of the rental property in town.
Their marriage had always been more of a business arrangement than a matter of love. Harold used to joke to his friends that he married her just so she couldn't be forced to testify against him, but she knew that there was more truth to it than either of them wanted to admit. Harold was always the wheeler-dealer, and would sometimes take what he called "non-cash payment" if someone couldn't pay their rent. Usually this was in the form of jewelry or electronics that he sold through a dealer friend in another state. More than one woman had tried to offer themselves in trade, but Elizabeth walking into the room usually ended that negotiation quickly.
Sex was never really part of the relationship as they were both too engrossed in the business to ever really care about it. In fact, other than occasionally crossing paths while one or the other was coming out of the shower, they rarely even saw each other naked which suited Elizabeth just fine. She had been raised with a strict upbringing. Her father was a banker and like most men of that era left the rearing of his two daughters to their mother. Her mother took this job very seriously, always making sure they were dressed as proper little ladies, and constantly reminding them how a lady should behave. When they got to be teenagers, mom had explained that sex was a duty that a wife did only for her husband, and her "womanly virtues" should be reserved only for that man alone. As she grew up, Elizabeth realized how out of touch with reality this was, but habits learned in childhood are hard to overcome.
When Harold died, right in the middle of a real-estate crash, she inherited the business and was left to manage it on her own. Dealing with all the foreclosures and evictions had honed her cruel edges to their sharpest and hardest. It wasn't her fault if people bought more home than they could afford, and if people couldn't pay their rent she went by the letter of the law in processing evictions. She ended Harold's "non-cash" deals when one guy came into the office offering to "comfort the grieving widow" in return for rent forgiveness. She pulled a big hunting knife out of her desk drawer and told him he would have to leave the collateral with her until he had the cash to pay up. Fortunately for her, he turned tail and ran out of the office, but the incident made her realize how vulnerable she was. The next Monday she hired Roberto to manage the front office to provide some semblance of security for her.
The help wanted sign had only been in the window for a couple of hours when Roberto walked in and seemed to check all the boxes she was looking for, a strong, young male to deter any other men from thinking they could push around the landlady, but also found him capable of doing bookkeeping and similar office chores. At first, she worried about him trying something with her, then one day he mentioned that he couldn't stay late because his partner, Carl, was making them a special dinner. With the realization that he was gay any concerns about him hitting on her disappeared and she was able to focus on the business...
She was just reading the latest sob-story email from one of her tenants when she heard a commotion in the front office.
"Hey Roberto! Is Dragon Lady in?" Edward gave him a conspiratorial wink.
Roberto cringed inwardly and hoped she hadn't heard, but he gave a smile to Eddie and said, "Ms. Groome is in her office"
Eddie was the only one who could ever get away with calling her by that name. The first time she came to visit he was five years old and misheard "Aunt Elizabeth" and replied, "Hi Aunty Lizard Breath". She thought this was cute and the name stuck. During his rebellious teenage years, the name evolved into Dragon Lady when she had to discipline him. Elizabeth secretly liked the name, but would never tell the boy this lest he start calling her something worse.
He walked into the office without knocking and gave a loud "Aunt Elly, you are looking marvelous today! Have you lost weight, or have you just finished collecting the month's rent checks?"
"Hello Edward. What brings you down to this part of town?" Elizabeth scowled at the interruption.
"Well, as you know tomorrow is National Nude Day, so I'm out shopping for my party and wanted to stop in and invite my favorite aunt to come and join in the festivities."
"You know how I feel about nudity, yet every year you come in here and waste my time inviting me to your naked pool party where God only knows what things go on. I would think by now you would get the hint and give up."
"If you tried it just once, I'd bet you'd like it."
"Go away"
"You could wear your swimsuit, but from what I can see of you in that outfit you would have nothing to be embarrassed about without it."
"Go away!"
"Are you afraid you might find that you like it so much that you might find yourself fitting in with your neighbors here and become 'the naked landlady'?"
"GO AWAY!!!"
"Okay, okay." Eddie laughed, holding up his hands in surrender, "but the invitation still stands."
As he walked through the outer office he said to Roberto, "How about you? You're welcome to the party as well."
"Thank you, but I already have a party to go to tomorrow. It does sound like a fun time though."
"Stop bothering my assistant!" came the yell from the other room.
Eddie blew her a kiss as he walked past her window on his way to the sex shop. Several minutes later as he passed by with two big bags, he stopped at the door long enough to slide a piece of paper through the mail slot. Roberto walked over and picked it up and chuckled as he threw it in the trash can by his desk.
At the end of the day, Roberto knocked on her doorframe and said, "Do you have anything else for me, Ms. Groome?"
"I don't think so. Roberto, are you really going to a naked party tomorrow? No wait. Don't tell me. None of my business, and I don't need a harassment claim."
"Oh, I don't mind telling you. Beach Bums, across the street, is going nude from open until close tomorrow in celebration of the holiday. They post signs and warn everyone before they pay the cover so nobody gets surprised, and the bouncers make sure everyone's dressed again before they leave. Most folks spend the day at the rooftop area catching sun and cooling off in the spray ground. After sunset the action moves to the dance floor, and after 10 or so things can really start to heat up. A group of us goes every year."
"Oh my."
"Well if there's nothing else, I'm going to call it a week. See you on Monday then."
"Goodnight, Roberto."
"Goodnight, Ms. Groome."
Elizabeth shut down her computer, grabbed the stack of papers from her inbox and put it in her briefcase, closing and locking it. She retrieved her scarf and gloves from the shelf in the front office where Roberto had left them neatly folded. She grabbed her case and started out the door when she remembered something and walked over to Roberto's trash can.
"ADAM'S TOY CHEST - NUDE DAY SPECIAL, 10 percent off all merchandise one day only. Strip to your underwear and get 15 percent off, strip nude and get 25 percent off the total purchase price."
"Oh my God" she thought, "what would the cleaning crew think?" and tucked the paper into her purse, turned off the light and walked out the door. As she looked up from locking the door, she jumped because in the reflection she saw a man standing right behind her, but as she turned around to confront him, nobody was anywhere nearby. Looking back at the door she saw only her face looking back at her.
As she walked to her car, the sounds of Jimmy Buffett came from the roof of Beach Bums, "They say that you're a snow queen, honey I don't think that's true. Why don't we get drunk and screw?" She reached her car just as the second run through of the chorus was finishing, and she caught herself humming along.
She started the car and turned on the radio to try to get the Buffett song out of her head when the speakers blare "I'm too sexy for my shirt". She hits the button to change stations and hears "It's gettin' hot in here. So hot let's take off all our clothes." Another press and, "Tequila makes her clothes fall off." Press, "I'm cold and I am chained lying naked on the floor". Press, "Raspberry beret, and if it was warm she wouldn't wear much more." Press, "I like big butts and I cannot lie" Press, "Come on I want your naked love". Press, "C'mon let's go skinny dippin'" Press, "Oh yes they call him the streak." Press, "It's been one week since you looked at me".
"Ah, finally." she thinks and settles back, buckles her seatbelt and starts to back out of her spot, then the realization hits her as she smashes her finger on the power button to turn off the radio, "I can't believe it, Bare Naked Ladies!" She drives to her home in The Heights in silence...
Home was one place where Harold hadn't cut corners trying to save money. The mansion was located on the top of the highest hill, above all their neighbors, with a lovely view of the city down below. A cast-iron fence kept out unwanted visitors. As she reached the top of the hill, a press of the button on the visor opened her gate and garage door.
Once inside, she looked out the kitchen window at the sunset beyond the pool. She started the oven to heat her dinner, then opened the fridge to pull out the foil covered dish that had been prepared for her. As she stood up and closed the door her reflection in the polished surface showed a man's face just over her shoulder. She froze and stared at the image, then suddenly gasped in recognition, "Harold?" She blinked and the image disappeared. "What is it with me tonight?" she wondered, then shrugged and went back to what she was doing.
While her dinner was heating, she changed into her swimsuit and light silk kimono then returned to the kitchen where she poured herself a margarita from the pitcher in the fridge, put her dinner on a plate and headed out to the patio to enjoy her meal. The sun was just passing below the horizon as she finished the last bite, she took the dishes back into the house and refilled her margarita.
Setting it on the table by the pool, she removed the silk kimono and folded it neatly over the chair. Her swimsuit was a standard black one-piece that covered her completely. She had been brought up to believe that being naked was somehow evil, or at the very least embarrassing, so although there was no chance of anyone spotting her, she remained properly clothed even when swimming in her own back yard. Her body was well toned from the twenty-five laps she swam every evening, with long, lean legs and a tight ass that Eddie joked could turn coal into diamonds. Her narrow waist was offset by the broad shoulders she had built up from pulling her body through the water. Her breasts were average size, and even though she was well into her 40s, they showed no signs of middle-age sag and if she were to ever allow someone to see them might be considered perky. As she climbed out of the pool, the cool night air caused her nipples to harden and poke at the spandex material, although she hardly noticed as she dried off, grabbed the kimono and headed into the house.
In her bathroom, she hopped into the shower still in her swimsuit and washed off the pool smells, then slid the straps off her shoulders and slid the wet fabric over her breasts and down her body. Giving the suit a squeeze to remove most of the excess water, she hung the suit on the bar in the shower to dry out for tomorrow night. The sounds of the splashing water from the suit combined with the spray of the shower were loud enough that she didn't hear the deep moaning sounds coming from the other side of the clear glass door. She finished rinsing her hair and turned off the water, wrapped herself in a terrycloth bathrobe, stepped into her slippers and walked to her bedroom rubbing her hair with a towel. She grabbed the remote from the nightstand and turned on the TV to catch some of Jim Cramer's rantings about the week in the stock market. She had just changed into her night gown when the image on the TV turned to a silent static. "damn cable's gone out again", as she hit the power button to turn it off.
It was then that she heard the strange sound of bells in the distance. She knew the soundproofing on the house was impeccable, so it had to be coming from inside the house. She ran over to close and lock the bedroom door as the sound got closer and louder. There was a high-pitched pinging sound that alternated with a low clunk followed by a low, ringing tone that continued until the next pings started the process over. She grabbed her cellphone, but it was dead, so she dropped it on the bed and went to get the pistol out of the night stand. The sound kept getting closer and closer until it sounded like it was right outside her bedroom door. "I have a gun!" she yelled through the door.
Before she could do anything else, she saw a head materialize through the closed door, followed by the strangest sight she had ever seen. It was a man, which was obvious from the erect penis presenting itself. but that was hardly the strangest thing. His nipples were pierced with mini barbells, and hanging by a short chain from each barbell was a small silver bell. His arms were strapped behind his back, forcing his chest up so the bells dangled free and made a clear ping with every step he took. Below his cock, a ring wrapped around his balls with a cowbell hanging below by two thin chains, this swung back and forth with each step generating a loud clunk followed by a pure ringing note as it ran into the metal fork hanging in back. As he came further into the room, she could see that the top of the fork was attached to something that disappeared up his ass. After his next step, a moan escaped around the ball gag in his mouth, and it was only then that she recognized her husband.
"Harold?!?"
She put the gun back into the night stand and sat on the bed. Harold's ghost wiggled his jaw back and forth until he managed to work the gag out and down to his chin. "Hi Elizabeth".
"What in the hell are you all trussed up like that for."
"I came back to warn you. In life I focused so much on business, making money and building my empire that I failed to share pleasure with anyone, even myself."
"But Harold, you always seemed so happy with each success, and you shared that pleasure with me."
"That's not what I'm talking about. I mean physical pleasure, sexual pleasure, orgasms, not merely job satisfaction or mild amusement. Life is supposed to be about real, physical pleasure both giving and receiving, everything from a hug or kiss to full mind-blowing orgasms gets taken to the afterlife with you to be relived over and over. Those who fail to bring much pleasure experience with them into the afterlife end up like me, tormented to be kept on the edge of release and only getting satisfaction according to the number of times we gave or received an orgasm in life. I thank goodness for my horny teenage years that I get any release at all."
"I don't get it. What does that have to do with you being tied up with all the bells"
"The bells on my chest send vibrations directly into the nerves of my nipples, the cock ring keeps me constantly in a state of erection and the cowbell keeps the constant pressure and vibrations in my groin. The tuning fork is attached to a butt plug that sends vibrations to both my anal nerves and stimulates my prostate. My hands being locked behind me keep me from stimulating myself, and the ball gag keeps them from having to listen to me beg for release. These are the torments I unknowingly made in life and am now cursed to spend all eternity on the edge of orgasm with only the very rare release".
"So you choose to do this?"
"This is nothing compared to the torments you have in store if you don't change your ways. From what I have seen being prepared they can't wait for you because you have no orgasms on your record at all, so you will be forever kept at the edge but never able to release. As soon as I found out I knew I had to find a way to come warn you because you still have time."
"What can I do?"
"I've arranged for three spirits to help show you how you can redeem your life. The first will arrive tonight at midnight, the second will arrive tomorrow at midnight and the third on the night after tomorrow at midnight. Only by following their guidance is there any way for you to avoid my fate."
With that, the ball rolled back into his mouth and with several loud jingle-jangle, clunk, dings he passed through the bedroom door and silence filled the room.
She hurried to the door, but as she swings it open only the background noises of the empty house are left to greet her. She closes the door and says to herself, "Wow, what the hell was in those margaritas."
With that, she crawled into bed and turned off the light...
She woke up with a start, the room filled with a bright light that seemed to be coming from the foot of the bed. The clock on the dresser said 1:00.
"I'm sorry, am I too bright for you? Give me a moment and I will adjust."
In a few seconds, the bright light faded to reveal what looked like a life-sized, glowing Ken doll standing at the foot of her bed. He was wearing a satiny white robe, had a face that looked like it was carved from solid marble, and the way his hair continuously waved on top of his head, she couldn't be sure if he was a blonde or if it was little flames dancing there. She stared into his piercing blue eyes and she felt something stirring in her belly that she hadn't felt in a very long time.
"W-w-who are you?" she managed with a shaky voice.
"I am the spirit you were told to expect. Slight change of plans that Harold didn't know about, but it's not really important to him anyway. Please rise and come with me. There is much to see tonight."
"What things do we need to see? Why should I go anywhere with you?"
"I am the ghost of pleasures past. I am here to show you the times in your past when you were given the opportunity to give or receive physical pleasure of some sort. Take my hand and we can begin."
He reached a glowing hand towards her and almost without thought her hand came off her lap and reached for it. The moment they made contact, she felt a pull in her pelvis and the world flashed around her.
When the motion stopped, they were standing in a forest before a cabin. The full moon was high in the sky, crickets chirping and through the trees she could see the ripples on the lake down the slight hillside. From around the corner of the porch two young girls gingerly walked through the grass toward the lake.
The taller girl whispered back at the other, "C'mon Elly, keep up."
"Patty, mom would tan our hides if she caught us out here."
"That's why we waited until they were sound asleep. I didn't want to miss this opportunity, since tomorrow is my last chance."
The sound of the ghost speaking to her made Elizabeth jump. "They can't see or hear us. These are just images of your past. Let's follow them down to the lake."
"This is the cabin on Lake Jefferson. The family came up here every summer for vacation. That was me and my sister Patty. She said it was her last chance, so this was probably the summer before she went off to college. I used to love it here, we would go swimming off the dock with the kids in the other cabins, take the rowboat out to go fishing, it was always so much fun."
As the girls exit from the woods and step up onto the dock, Patty stops and turns to her younger sister.
"Okay, you have to pinky swear to never tell anyone what we are about to do."
"Okay", and she linked her little finger around her sister's and said, "I swear I'll never tell anyone. Now what are we doing?"
"We are going skinny dipping." Patty giggled and started to strip off her night shirt.
"No way. What if we get caught"
"By who? Everyone's asleep but us." And then without fanfare she slides off her panties and sets them on top of her shirt on the end of the dock. She turns to face her sister.
"What's the matter? Chicken?"
Elly hadn't moved. She seemed frozen to the spot. "Mom says being naked is sinful."
"I don't believe her. Look, you and I are sisters, we have seen each other naked our whole lives. Heck in the cabin we sleep in the same bed. How can a thin piece of cloth make any difference? Besides, since you turned 18 last month, we're both adults now and can do what we want. I'm going, whether you do or not is up to you, but please stay down here with me so I'm not swimming alone."
With that, she climbed down the ladder into the water.
"Oh wow, this feels so good. The water sliding across my skin...it's hard to explain but it isn't the same as being in the bathtub since I'm swimming and not touching anything. You really should try this."
Elizabeth turned to the ghost to see if he was watching the girls, but he was intently staring at her.
"Why did you hesitate? She was right, you know."
"I know that now, but mother was always so strict about us never being seen naked, especially by a man. She yelled at me one time when I ran to my bedroom naked after my bath because she was afraid Daddy might have seen me. She even made sure we had a woman doctor because she thought having a man see us naked would be us causing him to sin. I know it is ridiculous, but that is what we grew up with." She turned back to watch her sister swimming away from the dock.
"I can't believe this is going to be my last summer at the cabin, but next summer I'll be at college, and they told me I have to do summer classes if I expect to graduate in four years."
"Why did you have to go so far away from home?"
"That was where I got accepted, and they are one of the best graphic arts programs in the country. Besides, this way I can get out and experience life without living under Mom's rules.
"I'm going to miss you."
"So, are you going to join me or not?" Patty smirked at her sister.
"Okay" she sighed. "I would hate to have you holding this over my head for the rest of our lives."
After Elly stripped down she stepped over to the ladder and followed her sister into the cool water. "Wow. You were right, it does feel different, but in a good way. You don't get that sudden cold shock when the water gets to your covered bits."
"Come over here. There are tiny bubbles floating up from the seaweed. It tickles as they run up your body. I like the way they rub around my boobs."
"Hey, something just nipped my butt."
"Oh yeah, the minnows will do that. You've felt them when we're out here swimming during the day, right?"
"Yeah, but that wasn't on my butt"
They treaded water in silence over the seaweed bed, occasionally giving a shudder as the bubbles traced over a particularly sensitive area. Elizabeth gave a small shudder at the memory of feeling the bubbles running up the inside of her thighs.
"Elly, do you ever masturbate?"
"Patty! Of course not. You know what mom says about things like that."
"Yeah, well I've started questioning the things she says and the rules she has for life. Take this swim for instance. You have to admit, it sure does feel good letting the water flow over your skin without a tight swimsuit pinching you in all the wrong places."
"I am kind of enjoying it, but can't help but worry about getting caught."
"Well I've been touching myself for two years now. It feels good and I haven't gone blind or grown hair on my hands or had any other bad things mom claims will happen because of it. You should try it sometime. You might find you like it."
Patty swam farther out away from the dock while Elly treaded water and thought about what her sister had said. It was kind of hard to do anything here in the water since she had to keep her legs and arms moving just to keep her head above water. Elly worked out a way to tread water with just one hand and brought the other one to her breast and started rubbing the erect nipple.
Elizabeth could feel the excitement in her own nipple, then remembered something and said, "Oh crap."
"Well, what have we here?"
Elly turned toward the dock in shock to find the Conway brothers, Tommy and Bobby standing there looking at her. The twin boys were Elly's age and stayed two cabins down from them every summer since they were little, but Elly and Patty had never really had much to do with them other than saying hello as they passed. The boys were always too loud and playing too rough for the sisters, which made their mother very happy.
One of the boys turned on a flashlight, and Elly turned away from the dock again as Patty swam up. "Hey boys. What are you out doing this late at night?"
"We was out checking on our duck blind. What are you girls up to, skinny dippin'?"
Elly and Patty knew this meant they were probably sneaking off to smoke and drink beer where their parents wouldn't find out. Elly was mortified that they had been caught, but Patty whispered to her, "Don't worry, they can't see anything under the water because it's too dark."
"Why? You boys want to strip down and join us? Might be fun to see naked boys." Patty chuckled as the boys took a step back.
"Ah forget it Bobby, you know how uptight that whole family is. They probably have their suits on and they'll climb out and steal our clothes as soon as we jump in."
"Yeah, how about you girls step out here on the dock first to prove you're naked?"
"And let you grab our clothes and run as soon as you got your eyeful, no way."
"C'mon Bobby, they're just trying to trick us into stripping for them, let's just go to bed. I'm tired."
"Goodnight boys" Patty called after them, then turned to Elly.
"Ohmygod that was close." Elly scowled at her sister.
Patty looked smug, "I knew they wouldn't have the guts to actually strip down in front of two women. I had no intention of us getting out while they were here so they wouldn't have ever seen anything. Besides, their parents are just as strict as ours, and they knew that if they pushed too hard we would tell their mom about what they do at the duck blind."
Elizabeth turned to the ghost, "Patty always was so confident and strong. I on the other hand was mortified at almost being caught and swore never again would I be caught with my pants down."
The ghost looked at the girls swimming in the dark water, "your sister got married and had a child did she not?"
"Yes, she married Bill. They met during her senior year of college. After they both graduated, they got married and moved to the other side of the country. She had one son."
"Your nephew, Edward."
"Yes, and when Patty and Bill were killed in the car crash, I moved out to take care of him so he could finish high school and get through college. The settlement from the trucking company plus what Bill and Patty had saved up left him well off financially. He has his father's good looks, but his free spirit always reminds me of my sister."
A fog had settled around Elizabeth and the ghost, and when it cleared they were standing in front of a large house with Greek letters above the front door. Loud music was coming from the house and people were spilling out onto the porch wearing white sheets wrapped around their bodies. A young man and woman similarly dressed were walking up the street.
"All I'm saying Els is that the Greeks didn't wear shorts and shirts under their togas."
"Actually Jack, the ancient Greeks didn't wear togas, that was a Roman thing."
"Yeah, but the Greeks ran around naked."
"Not as much as you would think. Of course, the athletes competing in the Olympics were nude, so if you and your buddies on the wrestling team want to put on an "authentic" Greek wrestling demonstration tonight, I'd love to watch."
"You'd like that, wouldn't you?" Jack laughed and slipped his arm around Elly's shoulders as they walked up the front steps.
Elizabeth suddenly found herself sitting on top of a bookshelf looking down on the party room. She soon spotted her younger self in the far corner of the room with Jack facing her. They appeared to be having a rather heated discussion and when Jack dropped to his knees, Elizabeth suddenly felt her cheeks flush as she remembered what happened at this party.
"Alright, Alright, Alright." The DJ turned off the music and pulled the microphone out of the stand. "Tonight is the last night of Hell Week. All week long we have been testing the loyalty of our pledges to determine if they are worthy to join the brotherhood of Delta house. Tonight, they were told to bring a date from the pledge class of our sister sorority, Beta Pi. This is also the end of their Hell Week, so we are doing a combined final series of tests of their loyalty. Pledges and their dates please step forward."
With that, ten couples stepped forward. A couple of the girls had obviously been hitting the keg pretty heavily as they were leaning hard into their dates. Jack and Elly were on the far right of the group holding hands and looking nervous.
"Alright, ladies to the front and men to the rear, two lines, NOW." The pledges moved to comply and now stood at a shaky attention in two lines as the leader stepped to the front and continued with his instructions.
"Alright ladies, the first task is that each of you is to prove that you are appropriately attired for this party. It is a TOGA party, not a toga and underwear party. So, you will all be required to remove your underwear and show it to everyone. Any 'accidental' flashes to the judges will be rewarded with bonus points. We will start at the far end." As he pointed at Elly.
She frowned a bit, then brought her hands under her costume and made movements like she was removing her bra and panties. Patty had warned her about the toga party, so she came prepared with a spare bra and panties in the pocket of her shorts. These weren't even the kind she normally wore, but instead sexy g-string and bra in a see-thru lace. Since she wasn't wearing it, she figured to earn some points for having sexy underwear anyway. She held up the thin, lacy garments and swirled them dramatically over her head while the boys all whooped and whistled.
They moved down the line and the next six girls did variations on the under-toga striptease. With the last one turning around and flipping up the back of her toga and showing her ass as she slid the thong down her legs and off. The next girl in line was one of the drunk ones, and she pulled the shoulders of her toga up and ducked under it like a tent and after a little struggle an arm popped up holding up her bra, but when she bent over to take off her panties, she fell forward into a roll and ended up laying on the floor with her panties around her knees and the rest of her toga over her head. Her date helped her get to her feet and put her toga back on, but not before everyone had seen her fully naked body. The last two looked at each other, leaned in and whispered to each other and then faced their audience and lifted the front of their toga over their heads, showing everyone that they were both naked underneath. After more whoops and whistles, the leader stepped up. "Alright, lines trade places."
The guys stepped forward now in front of their dates while the girls in the audience moved to the front to get a good view of any flashes from the guys.
"Alright men, I know we told you how to properly dress for a toga party, so now prove that you can follow directions."
With that, Jack reached down and grabbed the bottom hem of his toga and pulled it up over his head, exposing his naked cock to the audience. Elly, standing behind him got an eyeful of his naked ass before the toga dropped and they moved on down the line.
"Well" the ghost said to Elizabeth, "that didn't seem so bad."
"Why are you showing me this? I lived through the embarrassment once already."
"These are your memories. They are what they are, so don't blame me."
Elizabeth sighed and turned to watch what was happening below.
"Alright everyone, now that we know our pledges are appropriately attired, enjoy some drink, music and dancing for now. The next task comes when the clock strikes ten."
And with that the loud music started and Elizabeth saw a flash of light and heard the chime of a grandfather clock.
"Alright, pledges line up. Men in front." They moved to comply and ended up in the same order as before. Elly was standing behind Jack wondering if they could pull off this final task and make it through.
Elizabeth recalled the events leading up to this point. She had made it through all the pledging activities without really exposing her naked body to anyone. The closest she came was when they were cleaning the bathroom in their underwear and the sisters sprayed everyone down with hoses until they were all soaked through.
She and Jack had been paired off during Hell Week when the fraternity and sorority did some joint hazing. Actually, they were paired off by default because they were the last ones left. Jack was on the wrestling team and had a fit but lean body and he worked hard to stay under 133 pounds, but she was glad she got him when it came to the pledge relays where they had to carry each other once around the track. Some of the other girls had to stop every two or three steps with their guys, but Elizabeth had just put Jack into a fireman's carry and jogged around the track. Of course, he had no problem carrying her.
Over lunch one day, she told him that her sister, Patty, had pledged the same sorority two years earlier and had warned her about what to expect during Hell Week and especially at the toga party. Patty had been offered a full scholarship at another school and transferred after her freshman year, so wasn't around to see her baby sister pledging. Elly thought that if Patty had been there, she never would have even made it this far. She told Jack how she felt about being naked in front of anyone and that she was a virgin and while she liked him, she wasn't sure what they were going to do about the final task.
Jack told her he was also a virgin and was hoping to save himself for the woman he would marry, so maybe they should do some research and come up with a plan to get past the last task. Jack was the one who came up with the idea, and it almost worked.
"Alright, here is your final task, and remember this is your final chance to earn points toward your pledge score. Men your task is to get your ladies off using hands and mouth only. The judges will award points based on the order of finish and the intensity of her orgasm. In addition, your partner will award up to 5 points based on your performance."
Sturdy tables had been set up behind the line of women for them to lean against and/or lay on while their partner went down on them. When they were given the go, the guys turned to their dates and started going to town. Three of the girls lay back on the table and threw their legs in the air, exposing their pussy and all the action for everyone to see. Their guys quickly dove in like they were at a pie eating contest. Two more girls had lay back on the table, but their guys had gone under their toga and were also going to town. Four girls were leaning against the table while they were being fingered by their dates. Two of the guys were nibbling on the girl's neck and one had the top of her toga off to give her guy access to her boobs.
As they planned, they played this like one of the scenes from the porn tape that Jack had rented and they had watched together as part of their research. Jack walked up to Elly, grabbed her around the waist with his left hand, his right hand twined in her hair and tipped her head back into a hard kiss. After a few seconds, he ended the kiss sucking on her lip and then moved down to the nape of her neck and kissed and sucked below her ear. While there, he whispered to her, "let's give them a good show."
His left hand was squeezing her ass through her toga and his right hand released her hair and slid down to her breast where he massaged and pinched her nipple to attention. His left hand came around as he leaned Elly back into the table and she braced her arms on the table as his left hand started working her other breast through the toga.
Even though this had all been planned and Elly was mostly acting, her body was starting to respond to the stimulation in ways she hadn't expected. She was feeling flushed and starting to breathe faster. As she glanced down the line, the other girls were panting and carrying on. One of the drunk girls looked like she had passed out, but that wasn't stopping her guy from continuing his tongue work on her pussy.
Jack was kissing his way down her front and took a moment to suck each hard nipple through her top, then worked his way down her belly and settled onto his knees and put her toga over his head. Elly put her left leg over his shoulder as he rubbed his face in the crotch of her shorts and made humming and slurping noises with his mouth.
A couple of the girls in line were now panting and moaning loudly like they were getting close, and Elly knew she didn't want to risk being the last one to "come", so she too started moaning and panting like the others, throwing her head back like the girl in the movie. She let her back down onto the table so she was resting on her shoulders rather than her arms. Even though she was acting, she could feel that her pussy was getting wet and her nipples were hard as they were being pinched between Jack's fingers. As the first girl came with a loud "Oh Fuck!", Elly lifted her right leg onto Jack's other shoulder and started moving her hips against his chin and started little moans in time with her hip movements. Her hands went down and held Jack's head to her crotch under the toga. His chin was hitting her in a spot that sent little sparks running up her spine and made her twitch.
Two more girls came in quick succession and Elly decided it was time for her to end this, so with a series of "Oh God, Oh God, Oh God" like the movie, she rose up with a big intake of air and squeezed her thighs together as her legs went out straight. She held the pose for several seconds then went limp on Jack, who gently set her back on her feet and pulled her up from the table for a kiss and she whispered to him, "I hope I can carry through with Act 2." Elly turned to the judges table and held up 4 fingers to indicate her score. She and Jack had agreed that her giving a five might blow their act.
Over the next few minutes the rest of the girls had their orgasm, real or fake was up to interpretation and even the drunk girl managed to wake up enough to let out a loud moan that the judges ruled as an orgasm and ended that task.
"Alright, now it is the ladies' turn to get their guy off using only mouth and hands. Unlike with the girls, we will require proof of completion. And to be clear, that means we need to see the cum either in your mouth or on your face or hand."
Since the guys had already exposed themselves to the party earlier, they all just lifted the front of their toga up and threw the cloth over their shoulders. A few of them were still hard from the earlier action, and all were at least at half-staff. Several of the girls immediately went to their knees, grabbed the guy and started pumping their dicks into their mouth.
Elly, still shocked at her first time seeing a live penis earlier, was almost afraid to look at Jack's member. She started off by going in for a kiss as she wrapped her right hand around the hardening shaft. As she pulled off the kiss she whispered, "showtime" and dropped to her knees. "It's just a piece of skin" she thought to herself as she kneeled with her face inches from his cock.
Her right hand started quickly pumping his dick like she saw in the movie, but he didn't seem to be getting any harder. She reached her left hand up and cupped his balls and started rolling them between her finger and thumb. As she looked up, she was shocked to see that instead of the pleasure face she expected, his teeth were clenched and he whispered, "not so hard". She relaxed her grip on his shaft and dropped his balls and moved her left hand to his ass. She looked up and his face had at least relaxed. He looked down and put his hand on the back of her head.
Elly shifted over so the tip of his cock was at her mouth. She blew gently on the head and was rewarded with a low moan as he started to harden again. She reached out with her tongue and tasted the salty-sweet liquid starting to leak from the tip. This isn't so bad she thought as she started working around the head like a lollypop. He was fully hard now, and starting to breathe harder as the hand on the back of her head pulled her in. Elly was starting to find a good rhythm and was excited at the warm, velvety feel of the head as it rubbed across her tongue. She could feel that Jack was fully hard now and was starting to move his hips in time with her motions.
A cheer erupted from the room a minute later as one of the other guys came followed seconds later by another. Elly thought she needed to hurry things up or risk losing, so like she had seen in the movie, she took his dick all the way in her mouth and down her throat. She gagged and wretched and before she knew what was happening had thrown up all over Jack's feet and the stage.
She was so embarrassed that she jumped up and tears streaming down her face she ran from the house.
"I obviously didn't get into the sorority", Elizabeth said to the ghost.
"So, what happened to Jack?", the ghost asked.
"He got into the fraternity. I saw him on campus a couple of times, but he never spoke to me again."
"And what happened to you?"
"I walked back to my dorm, cleaned myself up and cried myself to sleep. The next morning, the other girls in the pledge class showed up outside my room to tell me I was out. They made me return my Beta-Pi gear and swear to never speak of what happened at the party to anyone. They also seemed to shun me whenever we saw each other on campus, but I didn't really care. I went on to throw myself into my studies, never dated anyone or got into the social scene, and ended up with degrees in finance and business management."
The fog swirled around them and as it cleared, Elizabeth saw people throwing birdseed as a couple ran down the middle of the group and stopped in front of a Cadillac. She saw her parents and her sister's family along one side of the line along with a couple of people she remembered being friends with, but lost track of years ago. On the other side was Harold's brother and his family, his golfing buddy and three other people that she remembered working with but could not remember their names. As her younger self climbed into the passenger seat, Elizabeth found herself sitting beside the ghost in the back seat. Harold climbed into the driver's seat and started the engine.
"Well, that's over and now it is official."
In the back seat, Elizabeth gave a snort at that comment. The new bride in the front seat gave a nervous smile to her husband, God was it weird thinking that word. She did love Harold McBride, at least what she thought of as love, but was nervous thinking about dealing with the marital duties her mother had told her about. Much to her embarrassment, that conversation had been this afternoon as she was helping Elizabeth into her dress.
"Now that you are a wife, you should be aware of your husband's needs. One of these is to get you pregnant so that you can give him children. I know I've been telling you your whole life to protect your chastity and keep yourself for your husband, so now that you have one it is your duty as a wife to be the mother of his children"
These thoughts echoed in her mind as Elizabeth explained to the ghost sitting next to her. "Harold and I didn't get married because of love. We met when I went to work for him after I graduated college. He had been a one-man shop, but the business had outgrown that arrangement so he brought me in to help manage things. Five years after I had started, he made me a partner in the company and showed me how all his business dealings worked (including some of the shadier deals). Thanks to my degrees, I was able to help him expand his business, and some of the deals we did may have crossed the legal line on occasion. It wasn't just a joke that we got married so that I couldn't be forced to testify against him. He was never interested in sex or children. Money was the only thing that really mattered to him."
As the car phone rang and Harold picked it up, Elizabeth turned to the ghost and said, "Do I really need to see this? I know how it ends, with me sleeping alone in a hotel room in a sexy white teddy while Harold rides off in search of his next big deal."
The fog rolled around them again as Elizabeth continued with the story.
"The business grew, and for all anyone knew we were the happy, perfect couple. Harold and I attended parties and business events, and nobody ever questioned the fact that we never had kids. At home, we slept in separate bedrooms and rarely spent time together. Over time, we both threw ourselves into growing and managing the business. It wasn't a bad marriage, there wasn't any abuse or anything like that. We didn't even argue over business matters. We just never saw that much of each other."
As the fog cleared, Elizabeth looked at herself sitting alone next to the urn containing the remains of her husband and business partner. With some shock, she realized that she wasn't showing any of the signs you would normally expect from a recent widow. As she looked closer at the woman staring at the hands in her lap, she remembered that she had been texting with her lawyer to make sure the business transfer paperwork was filed properly, and at that point, Elizabeth loathed herself.
"You couldn't drum up one tear for the man who was your husband for 15 years? In all that time you never found one moment to be intimate with him? Never once could you walk into his room and climb into his bed? I just want to slap some sense into you!" And with that, she raised her hand, stepped toward the widow and swung down...
Thud. As her hand came down on her mattress, she lifted her head from her pillow and looked around at her bedroom. The ghost was gone and Elizabeth wondered if she had dreamt the whole thing or not.
She disentangled herself from the sheets and blankets, stood up and straightened her nightgown, then walked to the bathroom. Even by the dim glow of the nightlight, she could see that her face was flushed and her hair was a mess. She grabbed her brush and smoothed down the worst of the tangles while her breathing and face returned to somewhat normal. She put away the brush and sat on the toilet and as her mind wandered back she started running her hands up and down her chest and could feel her nipples getting hard through the silk.
"This is ridiculous." She stood and flushed. As her hand reached the bathroom doorknob she heard a clock chime twice and suddenly heard a loud bass beat coming from the next room. When she opened the door, she was blinded by bright strobes and multi-colored lights that all seemed to be coming from near where her bed should be.
"I got passion in my pants and I'm not afraid to show it, show it, show it...I'm sexy and I know it."
As her eyes adjusted to the light, she could see a man standing at the foot of her bed. He was tall and thin with an impossibly large afro. But the thing that Elizabeth couldn't help staring at was the enormous hard cock projecting from his body. It was about two feet long and the head looked like a rotating disco ball reflecting the light show in sparkles all around the room. In his right hand he held a giant golden goblet from which he was taking a big drink. After he finished, he wiped his mouth on his arm and looked in Elizabeth's direction
"HEY BABE! COME ON OVER!" He shouted over the music, and as Elizabeth stomped across the room to him, the music was silenced with a scratching sound.
"Whoa, what's the matter, too loud? Okay let me tone things down for you."
She raised her hand to slap him as she crossed the room, but suddenly he looked like Patrick Swayze in a leather coat and he grabbed her hand and swung her around into a dance hold as "Time of our Lives" started playing.
"Sorry if I came on too fast, but I'm not around long enough to go for the slow seduction. Here, drink some of this." And out of nowhere a wineglass appeared in his left hand. He filled it from his goblet and then placed it to her lips and tipped it into her mouth. She swallowed the salty, sweet liquid and felt it warm her insides as it slid down her throat.
"What is that?" She grabbed for the glass and with a bow he presented it to her then reached back and another one appeared in his hand.
"That", he gestured, "is the distilled essence of human pleasure. Something you have apparently never tasted in your life. I am the ghost of pleasures present."
He bowed and as he stood again he had changed, now looking like Fabio with long blonde hair blowing in an invisible wind. He was shirtless, and his lower half was only covered by a white thong that looked to be impossibly overstuffed. The music in the background started playing "Never, never gonna give you up"
"I'm only around for one day to strut my stuff and help people enjoy human pleasure in every form. In fact, Nude Day came about when people started feeling the effects of the visits from my brothers and decided to make it an official celebration day."
Elizabeth took another swig from her glass and this time felt the tingles from her head to her toes, but especially felt the moist heat coming from between her legs.
"So, are we just talking sexual pleasure?"
"Not necessarily, some people experience pleasure just from the feel of the sun and the wind caressing their naked body. Some get pleasure from seeing other people naked and especially watching other people having sex." The ghost started walking around her. "Some people get pleasure from touching themselves and some like touching other people whether in a sexual way or not. But the ultimate expression of human pleasure does come from sexual contact, the orgasm."
"And it isn't just a man and woman thing either." And with that Elizabeth heard "I kissed a girl and I liked it" playing in the background and as the spirit came back into her field of vision, it looked like Tyra Banks in a see-thru negligee. "Pleasure comes in all forms, and there is nothing shameful in any of them as long as everyone is feeling it."
As he was talking, Elizabeth was unconsciously stroking the stem of her glass, and when she noticed the ghost looking at her hand she realized what she had been doing and moved to cover it by emptying the last of the glass. By now, her nipples were crinkled into hard points trying to poke through the front of her nightgown.
"Can I get some more, please?"
"I think you'd better hold off for now." And with that the glass disappeared.
"Now, let's go see what kinds of pleasures we can find around here." As he held out his hand, he was dressed in a white tuxedo looking like James Bond. Elizabeth took it and felt a tingle running down her spine and a tug from her pussy as the lights started flashing faster until it was all one bright light.
When the pull settled down, it was still bright but now it was because they were standing in bright sunshine. Jimmy Buffett tunes from hidden speakers and the smell of coconut oil filled the air. Naked bodies were all around them, some in lounge chairs spread over the deck while others were on stools in the shade of the bar. Fans blew a fine mist of water over the patrons to keep things cooled down while in the far corner two naked girls were laughing as they stood ankle deep in kiddie pools spraying each other with super-soakers. Two naked men with deep tans and leathery skin were playing darts at the far end of the bar.
On one lounger, a man was rubbing sunscreen into another man's butt, taking extra care on the area inside his thighs while further down, a man was working the lotion into the breasts and stomach of his girlfriend. She had her hand resting on his thigh, and he gave her nipples a tweak and then leaned in for a kiss before moving back to his chair.
From behind Elizabeth came a familiar voice.
"Susan, how come you aren't naked like the rest of us?", Roberto asked the bartender.
"Health code. Anyone preparing or serving food or beverage must be properly attired and this is the minimum that meets the Code." In her case it was a pink thong bikini with an apron wrapped around her waist and barely containing her ample breasts on top. Tennis shoes and a Beach Bums ball cap completed her wardrobe. "Kitchen staff pretty much stay covered. Nothing sexy about hot grease splashing bare skin when you flip a burger" She laughed. "Don't worry about us, the boss has us on rotating shifts so we all get to enjoy some Nude Day time too.
"Cool, can I get two glasses of chardonnay and two bottles of water?"
Elizabeth turned to find her assistant standing behind her wearing nothing but flip-flops and a Panama hat. After the initial shock, she remembered that she couldn't be seen and decided 'what the hell' and checked out his body.
Roberto wasn't tall, maybe 5-10 or so, and Elizabeth noticed that there were no tan lines on his dark-olive skin. His nicely toned ass had a dimple on the right cheek and his back and legs were well-toned. As he turned around balancing the wine glasses in one hand and carrying the water bottles in the other, she saw that he had no hair on his chest, and as her gaze lowered she saw that his cock and balls were hair-free as well. As his cock was swinging back and forth, she caught a quick flash of silver from what looked like a ring hanging from the head.
As he passed by, Elizabeth saw the ghost pour some of the liquid from his goblet into the wineglasses Roberto was carrying.
He got back to his chair and set down water bottles on the little table, then he leaned down and gave a kiss to the guy in the other chair as he handed him the glass of wine.
"Here you go, Carl. Happy Nude Day." He clicked glasses with the other man and taking a sip settled back into his own lounge chair.
Carl had bleach-blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail and a swimmer's body with broad shoulders, a sculpted chest and well-defined 6-pack. Elizabeth noted that Carl was also hairless on his chest and crotch, and as he moved to set his wineglass on the table, his thick cock rolled from one side to the other. She didn't have a whole lot of others to compare it to, but it was easily larger than Harold or Jack. Maybe it was the pleasure juice affecting her, but she could feel her pussy starting to get wet at the sight of Carl's dick and the thought of how it would feel in her hands as it grew to full hardness. She licked her lips and squeezed her thighs together and took a deep breath as his cock rolled back the other way.
"Quite a view here."
Elizabeth's head snapped around and the ghost was in a reclined position as if he were on one of the lounge chairs, he was back to his Patrick Swayze form, but this time with long, blonde hair and almost transparent white board shorts.
"Yes, quite the view. So, these people experience pleasure being exposed like this?"
"Not as much as you would think. Some get pleasure from the feel of the air and sun on their skin, and don't care that everyone can see them. For some it is the initial thrill of doing something that they were taught was 'naughty', but that usually wears off fairly quickly. Let's go downstairs to see what's going on inside the club."
As they reached the bottom of the stairs, two girls walked toward them, one dressed in impossibly tight short-shorts and halter top along with another girl with a leopard print swimsuit. As they passed by, Elizabeth gasped as she realized that their outfits were painted on them and they were actually walking around naked.
"Nice artwork" commented the spirit.
They were on a balcony overlooking a large dance floor. Booths and tables were along the far wall, but the dance floor was empty and quiet. Most of the activity was taking place further along the balcony where several people were gathered around watching body painters working. One woman looked like she had a long flower arrangement running from her thigh across her chest. A man had a bright yellow Minion painted on his chest with his penis painted to look like the character's hands were covering him. A dark-skinned woman Elizabeth's age was sitting on a stool as the artist was painting what looked like a pair of men's hands covering her breasts from behind.
"I guess those girls can get away with walking around like that in here since they are having the nude-day celebration." Elizabeth commented.
"True, but considering how convincing the job was, I would bet they could get away with walking down the street and nobody would stop them. See for yourself."
As they looked over the edge of the railing they could see that the girls had reached the front door and were talking to the bouncer on his stool. He chuckled and nodded as the girls walked out the front door.
"Like I said, the thrill of doing something naughty. They'll be back once the thrill, or some critical bit of paint, wears off" he smiled at her. "This place is quiet now, but something tells me things will get wild tonight."
They walked along the balcony and Elizabeth could see that a few of the booths below were occupied by naked couples. From her vantage point, Elizabeth could see that one woman had her hand wrapped around a guy's dick and was nibbling on his earlobe. As the server approached with a tray of food, the woman stopped and folded her hands on the table at which the guy gave her an exaggerated frown, but then smiled and winked at her and said "later."
As Elizabeth and the ghost reached the first floor near the entrance, a young couple walked in and looked around nervously.
"Hi, welcome to Beach Bums." Said the bouncer, "My name's Hank. This looks like your first time here."
"Y-yeah. We heard about this place and have been daring each other to come down today." The man said looking at Hank nervously.
Hank's large muscular frame was softened by the Hawaiian shirt and board shorts, and he gave the man a big smile. "No problem. Everybody is a virgin at one time" He grinned. "Hey Tina! Got a couple of first timers here, wanna show them around?"
Tina came over, black hair pulled back into a ponytail and wearing a black, white and red kimono. "HI! I'm Tina and you are?"
"I'm Tom and this is Sara."
She stepped between them and put an arm around each ones' waist and guided them into the club. "I'm sure you have a bunch of questions, but let me give you the tour and most of them may be answered along the way. First off, this is National Nude Day, so we are allowing people to enjoy the club without clothes, but you don't have to be naked if you don't want to. The coat check is expanded to keep your clothes for you if you do get naked. The one thing we ask is that you sit on a towel when nude, and when you pay your cover today you will get a commemorative towel like this."
She held up a bright yellow hand towel that had a red target in the middle of it and black lettering that read "Put your Beach Bum Here" across the top and "Nude Day 2018" across the bottom.
"Down here is the dance floor and dining area. We have a full menu available from now until 11 tonight. The DJ starts down here around 7. On the balcony we have some artists doing body painting that will be here until about 8 or so, and up on the roof we have another bar and dance floor area that is set up with lounge chairs for people to enjoy the sun during the day. During the day it stays pretty low-key, but being naked does allow some people to get a little frisky and since it is all adults we don't stop it. At 10, Hank locks the door and only lets in the regulars that he knows and their guests. Oh, and nudity is required, so if you are here before then and don't mind a naked and wild party, you are welcome."
"Hey Hank!" The older lady with the hands being painted on the balcony yelled to the bouncer. "What do you think? Looks like your hands holding up my boobs." She laughed as she threw her arms over her head and wiggled her chest at the room."
"Looks good Helen!" Hank yelled back.
"Well I never!" Elizabeth was shocked at such a brazen display and turned away only to find the couple from earlier, and from this vantage point she could see that the man was rubbing his girl's pussy, and she had her head thrown back while he nibbled on her neck. Her breathing getting heavier and faster.
She turned away from this view and found the ghost standing before her, looking like Brad Pitt in a tuxedo, holding out a wine glass to her. "Here, I think you may need another."
Elizabeth grabbed the glass with a scowl and said, "I was taught that the only people who should see you naked are your doctor and your husband, and sex was just a way to create babies. This is all just so, so wrong." She raised the glass to her lips and once again she felt the all-over tingles and the warm throb in her pussy.
"Now, how about we go see what your nephew is getting up to today." And with that, Elizabeth felt the familiar tug and suddenly found herself standing on his back porch overlooking a large swimming pool surrounded by a concrete deck. A canopy was set up along one side next to an outdoor kitchen area with a smoking grill. Along the other side was a large hot tub big enough for a dozen people to soak if they didn't mind getting friendly, and it looked like this group certainly didn't mind.
In the pool, two naked women were fighting to stay atop a float shaped like a giant penis while an older man drank his beer and laughed at them from his perch in another float shaped like a vagina. Others were standing in the shallow end enjoying drinks and conversation. People were starting to stir from their lounge chairs around the pool as the sun was starting to go behind the trees. One guy had a bright pink ass and thighs that had started the day as the white tan-line from his swim trunks. Elizabeth chuckled as she saw him gingerly stand and put his hands on his butt.
"Aw, crap. Hey Eddie, you got any aloe?"
A girl sauntered by with a gentle pat and said, "I'll get you some Don. I warned you to make sure you added extra sunscreen to your ass."
"I know, but I didn't plan on falling asleep." He moaned as walked over and got into the pool, and then sighed as the cool water hit the red areas.
At the grill, Elizabeth saw her nephew Eddie wearing an apron that said, "For the tastiest meat, blow the chef." He yelled to the guy in the pool, "Looks like someone roasted some ham Don. Don't worry, Alice will take good care of you."
Alice returned as Don settled back onto his stomach on the lounge chair. She squirted a generous stream of lotion onto his back and legs and started rubbing it in. Don gave a low moan as Alice's hands worked the lotion into his inner thighs and worked her hands over his ass, pulling the cheeks apart and exposing his rosebud. She trailed her fingers lower and lower and was rubbing directly across his asshole until finally on one pass she pushed it in up to the first knuckle while her other hand played with his balls. Don gave another moan and started grinding his hips into his beach towel.
"God that feels so good Alice".
She continued for a few more seconds, then pulled her finger out and gave him a swat on his right cheek
that made him yelp. "There you go. All better now, Hot Cheeks."
"Dammit Alice! I'll get you for that." But by the time he stood up, Alice was well out of range so he headed off to the cooler for another beer.
With a flourish, Eddie flipped over the last steak and yelled, "Dinner's almost ready folks, come and get it while it's hot."
The thing that struck Elizabeth the most was how normal it all seemed for everyone to be lining up at a buffet completely naked. There was an occasional pat on the butt or squeeze of a boob or dick that showed that everyone was comfortable around each other, but it wasn't the crazed sex-fest she would have expected with everyone running around all-day in the nude. She turned to the ghost.
"I don't get it. Mother always told me that whenever people were naked together it was sinful because it would lead to an out-of-control sex orgy that would permanently condemn everyone's soul beyond redemption. While this isn't exactly a church social, this group doesn't look like the bunch of sex-crazed lunatics I would have expected."
The ghost was pouring some of the contents of his goblet into the hot tub and turned to her. "Like I said, pleasure comes in many forms, and the buildup can be just as much fun as the blow off. Part of my job is to help push people into pleasure. Speaking of which, you might need another shot yourself because the festivities are about to get started."
With that, a full wineglass appeared in Elizabeth's hand and she nervously took a big drink wondering what the spirit meant by his statement. As she lowered her glass, she saw that the sun was setting, the tiki torches around the patio were lit, and someone had pushed the tables together and covered them with padding and sheets and in front of them there were four pairs of chairs set up. Several people were back in the pool or in the hot tub. Eddie, was now wearing a Chippendale's collar with cuffs and top hat in place of his apron.
"Okay, okay, okay. Everybody gather around. The first game is 'How Well Do You Know Your Partner'. This is like The Newlywed Game, so we need couples who want to play to come on up."
Three couples came forward, varying in age from twenties to fifties and a pair of women in their thirties stepped up holding hands. Applause for the volunteers came from all around the yard.
"Okay, Alice is going to take the men into the house and I'll let you ladies decide which one is going to go with them. As they do, I will let our volunteers know that there are prizes for each of you for participating and the winner gets a $500 gift certificate toward a travel package from Bare Buns Travel. Okay, now that their significant other is gone, we are ready to ask our questions."
Elizabeth watched the game progress, but soon found herself distracted by a couple that was still in the pool. The man was backed into the corner of the deep end with his arms along the two sides supporting him. They were kissing now, but what distracted Elizabeth was a gasp from the woman as she surfaced in front of him. As she watched, the girl took a deep breath and ducked under water, and even with the distortion from the waves on the surface, Elizabeth could see that the girl was sucking on the guy's cock under the water.
The guy's head fell back as his breathing picked up speed when suddenly with a gasp the girl surfaced and he whispered, "almost there". She kissed him and nuzzled against his neck for a bit, then took a deep breath and once again dove below the surface. After about thirty seconds, the guy's head lay back once more and with a quiet grunt and sigh, Elizabeth can tell he has just come. The girl surfaced and immediately started deep kissing the guy. He pushed off the side of the pool and they continued to kiss as he guided them to shallower water where he can stand.
Once solidly on his feet and away from the wall, the girl wrapped her legs around his body and Elizabeth could tell they are fucking right there in the middle of the pool. "Oh my God" Elizabeth whispered to herself, but she couldn't look away. Several people at the back of the group watching the game turned around, either at the girl's gasps or at the rhythmic splashing as the waves reached the edge of the pool. As the girl reached her climax, the crowd erupted in a loud cheer, but it was for the game in front of them rather than the activity in the pool.
"Excellent answers, well done. Now gentlemen and lady, for the last question. When was the last time your partner had an orgasm?" Eddie was playing Bob Eubanks to the hilt, and the crowd erupted in laughter when one guy answered, "this morning" but his wife had said, "last Christmas". A couple had the right answer with "Three hours ago", and Elizabeth recognized the couple from the hot tub earlier.
"Okay, the score is still close. So to complete round one, we will ask the ladies to stand and put the blindfold on their partners. Once that is done, Alice will check the blindfolds while we scramble you ladies and have you assume the position on the table." Eddie went around and tapped each lady on the shoulder in turn and she climbed on the table with her legs spread toward the audience. "Okay, the last challenge is for you to identify your partner's pussy using only your mouth. After 30 seconds everyone will move to the next lady to their right and Alice will guide the person on the end back to the start. When you think you have the right one, take off your blindfold. Oh, and to keep the ladies from signaling their partner, they won't be able to see who is eating them."
With that, he raised a bar that sat about 3 feet above the women's chest and had a sheet that came down and draped over their breasts to effectively block the view of their lower half. "If everyone is in position, then the timer starts...NOW." And with that, five mouths dove in and tongues started probing the vaginas of the women in front of them. "Aaand stop, now switch."
As the people shuffled, Elizabeth realized she had been panting along with the women on the table, and was feeling a tingling sensation in her groin that she had never felt before.
"Now you are starting to experience some of the things you have been missing out on your whole life. What you are feeling is but a small taste of the vast array of human pleasures available to you." The ghost, now looked like Richard Gere laying on the vagina pool float. He now had gray hair on his head and chest but Elizabeth thought he still looked sexy as hell, but now in a more mature, debonair way.
"Are you getting older?"
"Like I said, I am only on this planet for one day to witness and help spread human pleasure amongst you. My time grows short now. Let's go back to the club to see just how crazy the party is getting."
And with that, Elizabeth felt the now-familiar tug in her middle and suddenly was blasted with loud music and flashing lights.
A large group of naked people were on the dancefloor, and Elizabeth's mind couldn't wrap around the mass of bodies enough to pick out any individuals. She turned away from the dancefloor to collect her thoughts, and her eyes spotted Hank at a booth in the corner. The table had been removed, and a woman was on her knees sucking on Hank's cock for all she was worth. Several people were lined up to one side of the booth with anxious expressions while on the other side a small group was urging on the girl. Suddenly a bell rang and with a groan from the group the girl on the floor stopped and stood up.
"Next. Remember folks, whoever gets Little Hank to pop tonight gets a free drink every day for the next year. One minute per try." Hank smiled at the next guy in line and started the timer as the man grabbed Hank's cock with one hand, slid his other hand under his balls and wrapped his mouth around the head.
Elizabeth looked closer and realized that the man sucking this giant cock was her assistant, Roberto. Elizabeth's curiosity drew her to her own knees as she observed Roberto's technique. His left hand was wrapped around the base of Hank's dick, with the tips of his fingers lined up along the front. As she watched, each finger moved in turn in an upward ripple. His thumb, positioned above the fingers continued the wave along the front of the cock where it ran into Roberto's lips. His right hand was under Hank's balls rubbing the area behind them while the balls rocked back and forth on his palm. She noticed the movements were coordinated to create a wave from behind the balls and up the front of the cock, and as she followed a wave, she noticed Roberto's cheeks pulling in as he sucked at the top of each wave.
It wasn't a fast motion like the girl had used, and each wave took a couple seconds to complete, but as Elizabeth looked up at Hank's face, she could see that the technique was definitely having an effect on him. His eyes were closed and his head was back and he looked like he was getting close.
DING!
A groan arose from the group, and there was even a small groan from Hank. Elizabeth watched as Roberto lifted his mouth off of the cock, and with a final wave of his hand, she saw a drop of clear liquid appear at the top of Hank's penis. Roberto stuck out his tongue to lick up the drop as he released Hank and stood up.
"Close but no cigar my friend."
"Maybe next year. My luck has to change eventually."
Roberto walked over to Carl and wrapped his arms around him in a big hug, then said, "Let's go upstairs for a while."
Elizabeth followed behind as the couple worked through the crowds to the stairs. As they walked, Elizabeth noticed that in most of the booths, naked people were kissing and rubbing each other, one guy was sucking on a girl's nipple, in the next booth two girls were busy fingering each other while locked in a passionate kiss.
Near the bottom of the steps, Elizabeth stopped for a moment to watch a girl doing a lap dance for a guy on a chair. The girl turned around and squeezed his hard cock between her ass cheeks and rode him up and down several times in tempo with the music that was playing. Then as the song changed over, she turned around again and placed a leg on each side of the guy and lowered herself onto him. As Elizabeth watched, their pace got faster and faster along with their breathing. Elizabeth was mesmerized by the sight of the guy's cock disappearing into the girl, the lips of her vagina stretching along the shaft as she rose up. Suddenly the guy's ass lifted off the chair and the girl gave a loud moan as Elizabeth saw the guy's cock pulsing as he dumped his load into the girl's pussy.
While the aftershocks of their mutual orgasm were still going on, a cheer erupted from Hank's corner and a loud, "SHIT!" came from Roberto at the top of the steps. Elizabeth drew herself away from the couple and hurried up the stairs following her assistant and his partner. As she drew closer, she heard Roberto.
"That should have been mine. Sally down there gets the free drinks because of my hard work."
"Yeah, but admit it buddy it wasn't exactly work for you. I saw how hard you got from working him over."
"Too true. Hank has a nice cock, and really seems to like my secret technique. I just need to figure out how to get the job done a little faster, or I need to have the person in front of me doing a better job."
"I know. That girl who went before you didn't know a thing about blowing a guy. My willie was getting chafed just watching her."
As they got to the balcony, Elizabeth could see that where the body painters had been set up earlier was cleared and the area was now covered with padded mats and a bunch of pillows. Several people were in various groups on the mats, in all manner of positions. As with the dancefloor below, it was hard to tell one body from another in the pile of human flesh.
Carl turned to Roberto.
"Top, Bottom, 69, climb into the mix, or do you want to head up to the roof to cool down a bit?"
"Let's see if we can find enough room for a side 69."
They worked their way along the wall to a clear area on the mat, and arranged a few pillows as they lay down and started kissing while their hands caressed each other.
Elizabeth glanced over the balcony and saw a girl sitting on the end of the bar with her legs opened. As a guy came and put his mouth to her pussy, Elizabeth watched the bartender pour the contents of a shot glass over mound and into the guy's mouth. He spent another minute or so cleaning up all of his drink. As he stepped away, a girl stepped up and put her mouth into position for her shot.
As Elizabeth turned back to Roberto and Carl, she saw that Carl had flipped around so now they were both on their left sides, and each was caressing the other one's penis in their right hand while the left was cupping their partner's balls while their mouths placed little kisses on the tip. Carl was the first to go deeper as he slid his lips farther down Roberto's shaft, his cheeks being sucked in as he pulled up on the shaft then moved back down. After a few more strokes, Roberto started doing the same thing to Carl's dick as well.
Almost as if it was a coordinated move, their right hands slid around to their partner's ass and pulled them further into their mouth. Elizabeth began to feel her mouth start to water as she watched the two lovers pleasuring each other. As she watched, Roberto's hand slid further along Carl's ass and pulled his cheek open to expose his anus. As his hand continued massaging Carl's butt, Roberto's middle finger started teasing around the pucker of his asshole. Elizabeth's mouth was opening and closing slightly in time with Carl's cock as it slid in and out of Roberto's mouth. Her breathing became faster as their pace started to quicken, and she watched Carl's penis began to pulsate as he came. Roberto groaned and Elizabeth shifted her focus and saw that he had come at nearly the same moment. With one final suction, they released each other and Roberto rose and reversed himself and kissed Carl deeply, sharing their come between them.
"Let's go cool off and get a drink." And with that, the two rose and hand-in-hand headed for the roof.
Elizabeth turned around to find the ghost, now back in the form he had when she first saw him, but his afro was now almost white. The massive cock still sparkled like a mirror ball. He was floating above the dance floor adding to the light show.
"My time here grows short. Remember well the human pleasures you witnessed today and learn them for yourself."
As the music continued to get louder, the spirit grew brighter and brighter. Everything reached a crescendo and then...
The silence was deafening and Elizabeth couldn't see anything.
It took her a second to realize that she was in her own bed and the blanket was pulled over her head. She threw off the blanket and could now see by the night light in the bathroom and clock on the nightstand. As she rolled to her side, she realized that her pussy was dripping wet. She felt back to the sheets to see if she had somehow wet the bed, but they were still dry. She touched herself down there, and as her finger brushed her clit, all the images flashed through her mind again as a shudder ran through her whole body. She stood up on wobbly legs and said, "Wow, what a dream that was."
She made her way to the bathroom and sat on the toilet to dry herself off with toilet paper, then flushed and stood to head back to bed. As her hand reached the doorknob, she heard a clock strike three times. As she opened the door, she saw a shadowy figure standing in front of her bed. As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, she could see that the figure appeared to be a woman dressed in a black leather body suit and high-heeled boots. Her face was concealed by a black leather hood, and in her gloved right hand was a riding crop that she was slapping into her left hand.
The figure stopped and pointed to the floor next to her, and Elizabeth understood this to mean that she was to go to that spot.
"Based on the rest of my night so far, I would guess you are the ghost of pleasures yet to come."
The figure nodded and pointed again at the spot on her left side.
"What the hell." Elizabeth walked over and stood on the spot indicated. The figure gently tapped the riding crop on Elizabeth's shoulder and Elizabeth lowered herself to her knees. From somewhere, the figure produced a collar and fastened it around Elizabeth's neck. A leash ran from the collar and the other end was in the figure's left hand. Elizabeth felt a slight tug on the collar followed by the familiar tug in her groin as the world grew blurry before her eyes.
As her vision came back into focus, Elizabeth could see they were in a white hallway with a tile floor. Fluorescent bulbs from the ceiling fixtures gave off a dim flickering light along with a loud buzzing sound. Chemical smells filled the air as two men in green scrubs were walking down the hallway toward them.
"Strangest thing I've seen in all my years as a medical examiner, death by vaginal atrophy."
"Really? She died because of her pussy?"
"Yup, well sort of. She was even a virgin based on the intact annular hymen that I found during examination. The uterus showed no signs of stretching that you would have seen if she had ever had a child, and the clitoris was almost non-existent. It was like this woman not only had never had sex, but she never even masturbated, eventually her body shut down blood flow to the whole reproductive system, and from there things spread to other organs and killed her. So there you have it, she died from a lack of sex."
"Wow."
"Shame too. Her face was beautiful."
And with that, the two men passed through a door at the end of the hall.
"Who was this woman?" Elizabeth asked the spirit, but she just felt a tug on her collar and in her vagina and then the world went blurry again.
When her vision cleared, she could see that she was in the lobby of her office. Roberto was sitting at his desk going through a stack of papers. Carl was standing behind him with a hand on his shoulder. Both of them were wearing black suits and sad expressions, and Roberto's eyes were wet.
"Were you two close?"
"Not really. I've worked with her for several years, but we never really got to know each other socially. I always assumed that the cold and distant way she treated me was because she was afraid of saying or doing something that might offend me because she knew I was gay."
"What a way to go though. She was even married, but had never had sex? Did you know her husband?"
"I didn't know him personally, but Hank used to talk about him. If anything, he was more hard-driving than she was. I still couldn't imagine it being to a degree that work was more important than sex. She didn't really show a whole lot of emotion when talking about him and his death, but then things were so busy for her trying to deal with everything on her own."
"We'd better get going if we are going to make it to the service. Are you going to be okay?"
"Oh sure. Especially after I got this today." Roberto indicated the pile of papers on his desk."I'm just sad that it is ending after all these years."
He stood from the desk, put the papers back in their folder. As he and Carl reached the door he turned back and said, "Goodnight, Ms. Groome" then closed the door.
Elizabeth, still on her knees looked up at the hooded figure. "Who was this woman that died such a horrible death? The way they describe her life could match me based on how my life has been so far, but I can change. Tell me who this woman was that died this way."
The spirit silently turned away and once again there was a tug on her collar as the world started spinning.
This time, she wished that her vision hadn't cleared as she looked up to find she was kneeling in front of an open grave. The headstone bore the name "Groome" in sharp, harsh letters.
"Please don't let this be my end. I know I can change. I know now that there is nothing evil in just being naked. I can learn to give and receive pleasure and enjoy my body from now on. Please don't tell me it is too late for me to change. Please! Please!"
Tears streamed down her face as the spirit tossed the end of the leash into the grave, and with far more force than the thin piece of leather should have generated, Elizabeth found herself being pulled into the open pit before her. It felt like she was falling forever, and she closed her eyes to block out the spinning sights.
When she opened her eyes, she found herself kneeling on a red carpeted floor. The end of the leash was connected to a ring projecting up through the carpeting on the floor. The walls were paneled in a dark brown wood. The wall in front of her had a rack with all manner of leather whips, crops, floggers and similar devices. To the left of this was a shelf with dildos of all shapes and sizes, some of them had furry tails attached to them, and she let out a small gasp as she saw one that had a tuning fork sticking up. To the right of the rack of whips was a glass case where she could see all manner of clips, handcuffs, shackles and rings. On shelves above the case were a series of heads sporting various manner of gags, masks and hoods.
She looked to the right and saw what looked like a large sawhorse with leather cuffs along all four legs. Behind this was a circular panel with four leather cuffs equally spaced around the edge. Several ropes hung from the ceiling, lost somewhere in the darkness above her.
She turned her head to the left and saw a glass enclosed shower, what looked like a leather covered barrel, some sort of control panel with dials and gauges on it, and chains hanging from the unseen ceiling.
She started to turn around when she heard a familiar voice.
"Hello Elizabeth. I heard that you had arrived today. Your tormentor wasn't quite ready for you yet, so I volunteered to at least go through your basic orientation and get you set up with your initial...outfit. First of all, let's get you up and out of your Earthly vestments."
Harold stepped around into her field of view. He was in a different outfit this time. The ball gag had been replaced by a leather mask with a small mesh grill where his mouth was. His arms were no longer bound behind his back, and the big cowbell was gone but his cock was encased in some sort of cage. From his ass, she saw a large fox tail that waved with each step he took. He bent down and freed the leash from the hook on the floor. Now that she was finally able to stand, Elizabeth's initial shock was starting to wear off.
"Harold! Where the hell are we?"
"Funny you should word it that way. This is to be your afterlife. This is to be your cell, your room if you will, at least for your first lifetime. Oh, down here time is measured in lifetimes rather than years. One lifetime is equal to the amount of time you were alive on Earth. I'm still on my first, but this job is actually part of my torment, so I have been temporarily allowed out of my cell. Now, about those clothes."
With a touch, Elizabeth's nightgown and panties disappeared in a burst of red-orange flame and she stood there naked in front of her former husband. She instinctively moved her arms to cover herself.
"Oh, that won't do at all. Let's see, should we start with ropes, handcuffs, or something else. Hmmm."
With that, Harold lead Elizabeth by the leash over to the case with handcuffs and shackles. The leash and collar seemed to force her to obey him. He picked up two pieces of leather, each a little over a foot long with straps and stainless-steel buckles, rings and clips. He grabbed her right wrist and wrapped the cuff around her forearm and buckled it in place sealing her from wrist to just above her elbow, then he repeated the process with the left forearm before stepping behind her and grabbing the right and pulling them behind her back. She heard four clicks as the cuffs were attached together behind her back. This position forced her back to arch and thrust her breasts out in front of her.
"What are you doing to me?" Elizabeth yelled at him.
"Like I said, my job is to take you through your orientation and get you into your initial outfit until your tormentor is ready for you."
"So then why are my clothes gone and my arms now chained behind me."
"Like I tried to explain to you before, we are meant to experience physical pleasure while on Earth and we are to bring that pleasure to the afterlife to share. Those who fail to experience enough physical pleasure are sent down here to be tormented by the pleasures they refused in life. You know how you laugh when you get tickled and you feel good because you laughed. Imagine being tickled constantly with no escape, and you have some idea of what happens here. We are almost constantly kept in a state of sexual arousal, but are only rarely allowed to reach release with an orgasm and then receive a rest from the arousal before it starts again. Let's see, what next? Oh yes, let's do something with your breasts."
With that, he walked Elizabeth to a chest where he began opening drawers until he pulled out a silver chain with odd looking loops on each end. Then he opened another drawer and pulled out what looked like a pair of leather shoelaces.
"In case you are wondering, I get no pleasure from doing this to you." As he was talking, he started wrapping one of the laces around the base of her left breast, pulling it tightly causing it to extend even further from her chest and increasing the sensitivity. "The cage around my cock prevents me from becoming erect, this mask prevents me from tasting or smelling anything, and they have me wearing gloves that prevent me from actually touching you." He finished by tucking and tugging the leather strap, then began wrapping her right breast as he continued.
"It is rather diabolical. All the sensations, the feelings, the stimulation, are what we should have been sharing regularly as a married couple. We should have been enjoying sex with each other and learning ways to increase each other's pleasure. Yet here I am installing the implements for your eternal stimulation, knowing that neither of us will derive any real pleasure from it."
He picked up the chain and fit the loop over her right nipple, holding it tight with one hand while rubbing and squeezing the end with his other causing it to swell around the ring and hold it in place. He then repeated the process with the other nipple. He grabbed the chain now hanging between her nipples and passed it over her head. From behind her, Harold lifted her arms and clipped the cuffs to the chain.
As Elizabeth started to lower her arms, the chain pulled her nipples up sending a shock of pain, but something more through her body. She gave a gasp and then moaned as she could feel her pussy getting wet and wondered how that could be. After some experimenting, she finally found a balance point where she could hold her arms steady, but every breath sent tiny shocks of pain/pleasure to rush through her body.
"Very good." Harold said and without further explanation lead Elizabeth over to the various dildos and picked up a clear glass butt plug with a large white bunny tail.
"You aren't putting that thing in me!" Elizabeth protested, but Harold just calmly walked over to a bench and clipped the leash into a ring in the end forcing her to bend over with her arms now pointing straight up behind her back.
Elizabeth continued to protest as he rubbed the glass instrument in the juices flowing between her legs. At one point, the cold glass touched her clit and she saw stars as stimulation she had never felt before passed through her body with a physical shudder and loud moan. Harold then moved the end of the plug to her asshole and began pressing it through the tight muscle.
"It's not so bad if you just relax a little."
Elizabeth tried to relax but her brain was just too overloaded. Eventually though, the widest part of the plug passed her sphincter and she felt an overwhelming fullness as her body adjusted to the invading device. Harold grabbed the leash and as she stood, she felt the plug shifting inside her and the little hairs of the tail tickling her bare cheeks as she waddled after him.
"I can't believe you are doing this to me. This can't be happening to me. There has to be some way out of this."
He grabbed a couple of dildos as he walked to the shelf with the masks, tucking one of the foam busts under his arm as he continued across the room with her waddling behind. He stopped in front of the barrel and clipped her leash into a ring on the front of it.
As Elizabeth watched, Harold took the larger of the two dildos and screwed it onto a fitting in the top of the device.
"This is called a Sybian" he said in a flat voice. "If I had known about it when we were alive, I might have bought one for you. If I had, then we might have both avoided this circumstance." Using her arms to guide her, Harold positioned her now dripping pussy over the head of the dildo, and as he pushed a button on the floor with his toe, the device rose up and with a gasp from her, the rubber cock entered her vagina. It continued to rise to the point where she was just balancing on her tiptoes, when Harold released the button and walked around in front of her.
"I must say you did present them with something of a conundrum. You see, you never gave or received a single orgasm in your entire life, so they decided to try something different with you. Where the rest of us only get to experience the number of orgasms from our life during each lifetime here and are kept on edge the rest of the time, you are going to be kept in a continuous state of orgasm."
With that, he grabbed the mask from the foam head and placed an attached fitting into her mouth forcing it wide open, but not painfully so. Then the world went dark as the mask was pulled over her head and Harold tied it closed in back.
Elizabeth considered her predicament, wishing she was dead, but then realizing that she was. With a shock that passed through her whole body, Harold turned on the Sybian and the vibrations hit her clit, inside her pussy, and through the butt plug. She instinctively tried to bring her arms down which pulled on her nipples. All the stimulation was too much and in a matter of seconds every muscle in her body stiffened with her first orgasm. She screamed through her open mouth, only to have it muffled seconds later by the second dildo being shoved into her mouth through the opening in the mask. Harold locked it in place, then with a final caress of her cheek through the mask he left the room.
Her body had barely come down from the first orgasm when a second wave hit her, causing her eyes to roll back and another muffled scream to erupt around the cock in her mouth. Every muscle in her body was twitching and pulsing and fireworks seemed to be going off before her eyes. Another wave started, this time from her toes, and as it passed along her body she blacked out...
Elizabeth awoke to a gentle vibration at her crotch, and when she moved her head out from under the pillow was briefly blinded by the sunlight streaming through her bedroom window. She disentangled her body from the sheets and found her cell phone vibrating. She looked around at the bright room, at the cell phone in her hand, at her face in the mirror and with a yell and a jump screamed, "I'M ALIVE!"
She ran to the dresser and grabbed the framed photo of her husband. "Thank you, Harold, this is the best gift you could ever have given me. It's not too late, and I promise you I'll make the most of this warning you have given me."
She kissed the photo, then spun around the room.
"What to do, what to do?" She looked down at the phone in her hand. "What day is it anyway?"
As she focused on the screen she saw that it was 6:00 a.m. on Saturday, July 14. She set the phone on the dresser and was surprised to see a full wine glass sitting on one end. She grabbed the wine glass and held it up.
"Nude Day! I didn't miss it!" She toasted herself in the mirror and took a big gulp, feeling the salty-sweet essence of pleasure warming her insides as she mentally thanked the spirit for leaving this gift behind. She set the glass back on the dresser as she glanced again at her reflection in the mirror. "But I'm overdressed." And with that, she slipped the nightgown over her head and dropped it on the floor. "There. That's better."
For the first time in her life, Elizabeth really looked at her own nude body. She put her shoulders back and saw how the dark pink nipples were slightly upturned by the motion. She brought up her hands and cupped her breasts to feel their weight and thought, "Not bad for 46 years old." She gave each nipple a pinch and felt a tingle run up and down her spine as they hardened in response.
She continued down proudly admiring her flat belly, her hands following her gaze. She ran her fingers through her full bush and ventured further between her legs and felt the top of her moist slit. "Not yet" she thought, and brought her hands around as she turned to admire her ass.
"Eddie was right, it is nice and tight."
She walked to the bathroom, her nipples crinkling into hard nubs as the cool air moved across them. She grabbed the brush and straightened out her hair before pulling it back into a ponytail.
She decided to take a swim and instinctively reached for her swimsuit. As her hand touched the fabric she said, "Nope, don't need this today" and headed down the stairs on her way to the pool. As she was passing through the kitchen, she saw her housekeeper Emily at the stove making breakfast.
"HAPPY NUDE DAY!"
Emily jumped at the sudden sound, then shrieked as she saw that her boss was naked as the day she was born.
"Ms. Groome, you're not wearing any clothes."
"Nope. Someone taught me a valuable lesson, and since today is National Nude Day, I decided to celebrate it. Who knows, it might happen more than once a year. But, I'm not offending you by being nude, am I?" she looked at Emily with a worried expression.
"Oh no, of course not. This is your house after all, I was just a little surprised. Hector and I tend to run around naked in the evenings, especially after a hot day. Sometimes it just feels good to let everything air out, and sometimes it ends up leading to even more fun." She blushed at the confession, then turned back to the stove.
"Well, feel free to join me if you want. I'm going for a swim after breakfast. Have you ever gone skinny dipping?"
Emily turned back, face bright red. "I hope you won't be mad at us, but Hector and I have gone skinny dipping in your pool several times during the day while you are at work. We figured nobody could see, we could hear the gate if you came home early and you wouldn't care as long as the pool was clean. Have you ever done it? Once we go home for the evening, we stay in unless you call. We know you like your privacy."
"Actually, I have only gone skinny dipping once in my life with my sister. I was so afraid of being caught that I didn't enjoy it. I think it is time to try it again. Oh my, but Hector will be down there cleaning the pool, won't he."
Emily giggled. "Here, eat your breakfast and then we can go down together and shock him."
As Elizabeth finished her breakfast, Emily reappeared in the doorway. She had stripped off her clothes and was carrying a pile of fluffy towels in her arms. Elizabeth couldn't see her housekeeper's breasts behind the towels, but she did notice that her pussy hair was trimmed down to just a narrow strip. This started her thinking about what she was going to do with her bush.
"Ready?"
Elizabeth jumped a little as she realized she had been staring at Emily's pussy, but then smiled and said, "Let's go."
Hector had his back to them as they arrived and Emily put the towels on a table and they stood side-by-side as Elizabeth announced, 'I'd like to use my pool please."
"Certainly Ms. Groome, give me a minute and I'll get the hoses put aw..." His mouth fell open at the sight of two naked women standing before him.
"Happy Nude Day!"
Hector's mouth dropped open at the sight of his bride and his employer standing in front of him without a stitch of clothing between them. "I'll... hap... who... Wha?" He suddenly realized that he had been staring at his boss's boobs and finally came to his senses and met his wife's eyes.
"Very eloquent, but one of us is overdressed." Emily told her husband as she went over and gave him a hug. She whispered to him, "wipe the drool off your chin, get your equipment picked up, get naked and get back here quick. I want to take advantage before she comes to her senses."
"Yes ma'am." He stammered and started winding up the hose and carrying things over to the storage shed on the far side of the yard.
Elizabeth dove into the pool and surfaced in the shallow end where she stood up. "Oh my, that does feel different. I can feel the water moving across my skin and rubbing across my ass and down my legs."
"The best is yet to come" said Emily as she pushed off the bottom step and rolled onto her back. "There is nothing like getting out naked and wrapping yourself in a big fluffy towel. The cold, wet feeling stops instantly and you feel...Well, you'll just have to experience it for yourself later when we get out."
Hector then appeared around the corner, and Elizabeth felt a tingle between her legs as she watched his half-hard cock bouncing from one thigh to the other as he walked around to the steps and got into the pool. He swam over and put his arm around Emily.
"So, may I ask what brought on this pleasant surprise?"
Elizabeth looked him in the eyes, then looked at Emily and said, "I may tell the whole story one day, but for now let's just say that I learned that some of the things I've believed my whole life were not true and that I'm tired of missing out on life's pleasures because of those lies."
Emily smiled and said, "I'm glad we were able to share this moment with you."
"Well, this feels so good, I think I'm going to permanently make suits optional in the pool from now on." Then she turned and started swimming toward the far end of the pool.
She swam several laps and then stopped in the shallow end to catch her breath. She looked over and saw that Emily had her arms and legs wrapped around Hector as he guided them around the shallow end. He whispered something to Emily and gave her a quick kiss.
Emily looked up and said, "Are you getting out Ms. Groome? If you are, give us a second because we want to make this special for you."
"I was. I have a lot planned for today, but you two feel free to enjoy the pool."
"Okay, wait just a minute." Hector said as he walked over to the steps. He got out and grabbed one of the big towels and opened it up while walking back to the edge. "Okay, come on out and turn around."
Elizabeth climbed the steps and turned around as the warm, fuzzy towel was wrapped around her along with two strong arms. The towel covered her from shoulders to knees, and being suddenly wrapped in the warmth. Elizabeth was transported back to her early childhood when she would finish her bath and her father wrapped her in a towel and held her while she warmed up and dried off.
"Wow."
"I know, right?" Emily chuckled from the pool.
The warm fatherly embrace feeling was soon replaced by feelings of a more sexual nature as Elizabeth luxuriated in the feeling of having a man's arms around her for the first time in many years. She closed her eyes as she tipped her head back into his chest. Against her hip, she could feel his manhood starting to swell and wondered how Hector would react if she reached down and touched it. The logical part of her brain won out as she realized she didn't want to risk losing her staff in her excitement, so she settled for just slowly wiggling her hips against him.
"Hector, it is a good thing you are married or I might be tempted to marry you just so you could do this to me every day. Emily, you are very lucky." She held onto the towel as Hector returned to the pool. "I love not having that cold, wet feeling against my skin. This is luxurious, but I have lots I want to do today. Enjoy the pool for however long you want, and that goes for after today too. I'm hopefully not going to be back until very late tonight."
Elizabeth walked back to the house smiling at how free she felt walking around without clothes, the morning sun warming her face and breasts. Her mind was filled with all the possibilities for what she would do today.
Of course, she was going to surprise Eddie by showing up at his party but just how to do it was going through her mind.
As she walked into the house, she spotted her purse with a piece of paper hanging out of it. "ADAM'S TOY CHEST" caught her eye and she wondered if they had a Sybian in stock. Always one for a bargain, she knew she would strip naked for the 25 percent discount.
From there, she would go over to Beach Bums to get to know her neighbor Hank a little better. She also looked forward to surprising Roberto and Carl on the roof deck. Then before leaving she knew the perfect thing she wanted painted on her body before she headed over to Eddie's, a dragon wrapped around her upper body with its tongue licking her nipple. Just the thought of it caused them to crinkle in anticipation.
She walked through the kitchen, imagining the look on Eddie's face as she says, "now I really AM the dragon lady!" She made a mental note to catch up with Don and make sure he was well protected with sunscreen, with special focus on his paler areas. She might even get him to return the favor.
As she reached her bedroom, she spotted the half-full wineglass on the dresser. She grabbed the glass and toasted her naked self in the mirror and said, "It's time", then drained the glass. She felt the warm glow travel down her throat, continue to her pussy and then spread throughout her body.
When she got to the shower, she spotted her swimsuit on the rack from the previous night. She grabbed it and said, "I won't be needing you anymore" and smiled as she tossed it into the trash can.
In the shower, she ran soapy hands over her body and as she reached her breasts, she gave her nipples a squeeze and felt them respond to her touch. She spent several minutes pinching and rubbing them, feeling the little shocks pass up and down her spine each time. She became aware of the feeling of the hot water running down her back and into the crack of her ass and down the insides of her thighs.
She turned around and lifted her breasts into the stream of hot water and inhaled sharply at the sharp slap of the water droplets on her erect nipples.
Finally, her hands started to wander down her stomach and her fingers wove their way through her thick bush. Her middle finger brushed against her clit and Elizabeth began working the finger over the little nub. Feeling her own lubrication mixing with the soapy water, she flicked her finger back and forth over her clit. Her breathing got heavier and faster, waves of pleasure running through her body. Her hips began rocking back and forth as her fingers flicked faster and faster over her clit.
She leaned against the wall as her knees felt weak. Suddenly her back arched as the orgasm hit her and she felt every muscle in her body throbbing in tempo with her heartbeat. She slid down the wall to the floor of the shower, muscles twitching with the aftershocks of the orgasm. She opened her eyes and reached up to turn off the water.
"That's one. Thank you, Harold." she said, confident that she had changed her future.