"What are we going to do, there are no motel rooms left in Durango for tonight," Said Claire as she turned away from her cell phone and to her husband who was driving.
"Good question, maybe we should just keep driving to the next town," said Jimmy.
"The next town with real motels is Grand Junction, and its hours away."
"We should have made reservations." Jimmy said and immediately knew he would get scolded for making that statement. This was supposed to be a spontaneous weekend, no plans, just rolling with the punches.
"Jimmy! We are not planning, not reserving, we are going with the flow like a couple hippie kids. Like Bobby McGee.
"Okay, okay, you're right." Jimmy said then paused to think. "Which do you want, the front or backseat?"
"Didn't we pass up a KOA campground before we hit town?" Claire said with a twinkle in her eye. "Maybe they have a tent or something we can rent?"
"It's worth a shot, let's go back." Jimmy was having a hard time meeting his wife's enthusiasm about their new found spontaneity. He was a creature of routine and liked to plan and plot, but he promised his lovely wife he would try really hard to "not be so stuffy," as Claire would put it. Jimmy's family didn't want him to marry Claire, they didn't like that she was such a free spirit, but really what they didn't like was that she was "trailer park trash," as his mother so elegantly put it. Jimmy always thought that her youth and beauty somehow intimidated them. They would really be against her if they knew that he met her at a stripper bar, and that she wouldn't even give him the time of day until he stuffed a one hundred dollar bill in her thong. Jimmy knew he couldn't get a gorgeous woman like her with his looks alone, he needed to show her that he had money and wasn't afraid to spend it on her.
Claire's folks were split on their acceptance of Jimmy. Mom loved him, or loved that he had money anyway. Dad was a different story, "He's not like us sweetie, can't you find a nice guy down at the factory where you work?" He didn't know Claire was a stripper either. "He's a wimp, my god you are almost as tall as him, and I bet you can bench press more than he can."
At first Claire thought of Jimmy as just one more rich guy who thought he could buy anything or anyone with his money. She had just been dumped when Jimmy came into her world. After several attempts at getting her to go out with him she finally accepted and her world would never be the same. She really did fall hard for Jimmy, and she was pretty sure that she would have fallen for him even without his money. Their first year of marriage was a time for both of them to adjust and make changes in their lifestyle. She had to leave the stripper life and all the drama that went with that. He had to learn to live with a woman who forced him out of his safe bubble from time to time, which he did and loved it. She had to get used to less sex and he had to get used to more.
Claire leaned over to Jimmy while he drove and put her head on his shoulder and her hand on his thigh. She playfully and quickly bit on his ear. "Maybe we can both sleep in the back seat." Early on in their marriage Jimmy proved to be in control of their sex life, they had sex when he wanted, weather she wanted it or not. Claire learned fast that her sex drive was stronger than his and she ALWAYS wanted it. Over the years she became less aggressive, she just waited for him. Sometimes she waited and waited. She had thought about a fling, there were plenty of interested guys around, but she knew it was too risky. She needed Jimmy, his money and the frills that went with it. Instead of sneaking around she found other things to do to occupy her mind, she volunteered at the old folks home, joined several women's clubs and slowly grew used to a mostly sexless life. She was comfortable with her life with Jimmy. Jimmy had no idea just how much he had tamed Claire, he had no idea just how wild she could get. What Claire didn't know was that Jimmy thought about her being wild very often, very often.
Claire and Jimmy walked into the KOA office; there was a line of people checking in. Jimmy stood in line while she looked around at the souvenirs and trinkets. When she looked up to see where her husband was she noticed two college aged boys in line behind Jimmy, and she noticed they were checking her out. She had almost forgotten that she was so scantily dressed, she had a modest pair of shorts on, but she had a very skimpy bikini top on, to be more comfortable on the drive. The boys looked at her in a way she hadn't been looked at in a long time. They looked at her the way the men in the topless bar would look at her way back when, way back when she held the power, and she controlled her sex life. For a brief second she missed those days, the days of getting fucked many times a week, sometimes by many men. Just as she was ready to bend over and give the boys a better look, she came to her senses and smiled at them then walked over to Jimmy and hooked her arm in his. She put her head on Jimmy's comfortable shoulder.
Jimmy was disappointed that the campground didn't have tents for rent. He was not happy about sleeping in the car. He was in deep thought trying to think of a way out of sleeping in the car as he led his wife through the crowded office. Claire thought she felt someone cop a feel of her ass as they squeezed their way to the door. She reached behind her to remove the hand, but it was gone before her hand reached it. She was angry, but aroused at the same time. When they got to the car Jimmy turned to Claire and said, "Maybe we should go back to town and see if we can buy a tent?" He said as he looked his wife over. "Damn Claire, your nipples are about to slice out of your top." He said as an observation more than a scolding. Deep down he wished she wore sexier clothes around other guys, he loved the way they looked at her, but he never told Claire in case she rejected his promiscuity.
Claire smiled at him and said, "I'm just thinking about sharing the back seat with you tonight." She put her arms around him, he turned her and backed her against the car and kissed her deeply. She had not been kissed like that in a long time.
"Excuse me, lovebirds." A voice over Jimmy's shoulder said. Jimmy looked around as he let go of the embrace he had on his wife, and turned to see the two young men who were behind him in line. Both young men were shirtless and in very good shape, one was blonde and a one was bald, neatly shaven. The bald one was huge, at least 6'5" but it was the short one who spoke for both of them.
"Sorry, but I have to keep my girl tamed or she might get wild and slip around." Jimmy said with a loud laugh. They all turned and looked at Claire. She blushed as she realized all three men were staring at her hard nipples. An old feeling, an old impulse rose up in her making her want to dance and show her body to these men, but the prim and proper wife she had become took control back but not before she giggled and put her arms over her chest to hide her hard nipples. Her flirty giggle shot a flash of arousal in Jimmy's cock.
"Understandable, makes me want to change my major to animal training."The blonde said as he held out his hand, "I'm Chad and this is Mike." They all shook hands, Mike's hand lingered in Claire's for several seconds. "We overheard that you need a tent, we have one you can use. We both brought tents and we only need one."
Claire and Jimmy exchanged shrugs and nods of approval to each other. "Wow, that's very nice of you, are you sure you don't need it?"
"Yep, we're in space 6, what space are you in?"
Jimmy looked down to the receipt, "Space 5, guess we're next to you."
"Great, we'll meet you over there."
Jimmy and Claire pulled into the parking area at space 5. There was a fire pit, picnic table and plenty room for a tent. Claire noticed a large stack of firewood next to the pit. "Oh this looks wonderful honey." She said as they both sat on the picnic table bench.
"I was worried that all the spaces would be right on top of each other, look there is a bunch of bushes between us and the boys' camp." Jimmy said as he turned to see Chad coming through the bushes with a tent in his hand.
"Here you go guys, do you know how to set it up?" Chad said with a warm smile.
The couple looked at each other and both had blank looks on their faces which caused all three of them to laugh. "Are there directions?"
"That's okay, I can help you. Do you have a hammer for the stakes?"
"Yes, in the tool box in my car, I'll get it," said Jimmy as he got up and walked to the trunk of the car. Chad and Claire started unfolding the tent.
A gust of wind came out of nowhere and caused the tent to come out of Chad's hand and wrapped around Claire. Chad hurried over and started pulling the tent off of her. Her mixed emotions came up once again as she felt Chad's young hands grazing her ass as he peeled the tent off of her. She looked at him and gave a flirty smile then shyly looked away. Jimmy seen this as he walked back from the car, he felt a warm twitch in his cock.
"Where are you guys from?" Jimmy asked.
"We go to school in Boulder, we're on our way to Phoenix for a few days, we wanted to stop one more night in Colorado and take advantage of our new law." Chad said as he searched the couple's faces for their reaction to his answer.
"Oh, what law is that?" Jimmy asked.
"Cannabis, it's legal here, not in Arizona."
"I completely forgot about that," Jimmy said as he looked at his wife with a questioning look on his face. Then he said jokingly, "Maybe we should get some honey, you know what they say, when in Rome." Claire didn't know how to react, the old wild child in her would love to get high again, but the proper blueblood wife knew she had to deny the request. Chad interrupted before she could answer.
"Where are you folks from?"
"California, we're on a weekend vacation." Jimmy answered.
"You have to be a Colorado citizen to buy it, you'll have to have some of ours,"
Claire pasted a mature look on her face and responded to Chad, "Oh sweetie, we are a couple of old fogy's, a glass of wine for us is good enough," She knew she couldn't get high in front of her husband, he would see she knew what she was doing and she had told him she had never tried it. Plus, she remembered how horny pot had always made her.
"Old fogy? You don't look like an old fogy to me. Well okay, if you change your mind just let us know, we have more than enough."
"I tried it once in college, it gave me anxiety, don't know why anyone would want to smoke it. Plus, I can't smoke, I have asthma." Jimmy said.
"The strains we have won't cause anxiety; it will just make you feel really relaxed and good. Also, you don't have to smoke, we have gummy bears." Chad said as he waited for a reaction from the couple. Jimmy and Claire were both afraid what the other would think if they admitted that they wanted to. They just stood there dumbfounded looking for a reaction from each other. "That's okay, you know where we are."
Jimmy and Claire were driving back from town where they went to get a pizza to eat. Nothing had been said between the two about trying pot, both secretly wanted to, and both wanted to spend more time with their two new young friends. Chad and Mike had Claire's juices flowing, and the thought of Claire flirting with the boys aroused Jimmy more than he's been aroused in a long time. Claire snuggled into Jimmy as he drove. For a moment the old Claire came back as she lifted her head from his shoulder to his ear and said, "This mountain air really makes me want you to fuck me honey." She said as she bit his ear.
Jimmy was really enjoying his wife's playfulness and didn't want it to end, but he had to be careful and not let her know this turned him on, it could be detrimental to their relationship. "Oh, I think you will get a good fucking tonight," he said, he doesn't remember ever using the word 'fucking' to his wife before and when she responded to his statement by reaching over and cupping his cock through his pants and kissing his neck he knew he had to find a way to get the boys over to their camp.
"What do you think honey, should we show those boys that we aren't old fogy's and try some of their pot? Just to show them we can do it?" Jimmy asked.
"If you want to baby, I just want you to fuck me tonight. Oh my god, listen to how I am talking, I'm sorry honey, it must be the mountain air." Claire said as she blushed.
"We're on vacation hon, you talk as dirty as you want. You can return to miss fogy when we get home." They both laughed.
"Hey Chad and Mike, come over we bought a pizza to make up for you lending and setting up the tent!" Yelled Claire over the bushes.
"Awesome, we'll be right over, we'll bring the beer" replied Chad.
The four shared the pizza and the beer as the sun sat in the west. They were all enjoying each other's company as the chill from a Rocky Mountain summer evening creeped in. "I'm getting cold, I need to go put more clothes on honey." Claire said, but nobody, not even Claire wanted her to put more clothes on. They all watched her swing her ass as she walked to the tent to change.
The three men sat there feeling a bit defeated at the thought of Claire covering that gorgeous body of hers. "We have firewood, why don't we start a fire." Said Jimmy. "You guys start a fire, I'll go talk to Claire."
Claire heard the clank of logs being thrown in the pit as her husband entered the tent. She had a pair of sweat pants and bottoms out and was standing in just her panties and bra ready to put the sweats on as Jimmy came behind her. "Oh baby, you will get to hot in those sweats, the boys are building a fire." He said as he cupped her breasts from behind. Then he walked over to his suitcase and dug something out. "I brought a surprise for you," he said as he threw it to her. She opened it up and seen a very skimpy dress, almost a mini skirt, but more like a really short summer dress. She smiled.
"You want me to wear this in front of those horny boys out there?"
Of course he did, but he still couldn't let her know. "They will be gone soon, we'll smoke some of their weed, send them on their way then I will fuck you on that picnic table." Jimmy said as he studied her face hoping to get a positive reaction from her.
The thought of her husband fucking her on the picnic table almost made her knee's buckle, she wanted him to take her right now, but she couldn't show that side to him. She took a deep breath to gather herself and said, "Jimmy, I've never seen you like this, did you drink too much beer?"
Jimmy wondered if he was showing her too much of his real self and decided he better clean it up a bit, but not to the point of cooling her off. "I am only intoxicated by your beauty." He said as she pulled the dress on over her head. As she was straightening the wrinkles out of the dress Jimmy reached under her dress and started pulling her panties down. "I don't think you will need these." He quickly run a finger over her pussy as he slid the panties down, he felt her wetness.
"Honey, the boys."
"I'm sure they won't mind, besides they won't know, it's our secret." He said as he pulled her head back and kissed her hard on the mouth. "Now take that bra off too."
"You're kind of scaring me." She said, but she didn't sound scared.
"Come on, let's get stoned!" He said as he caught her bra just before it hit his face.
Chad and Mike had a really nice fire going as they both turned to look at their new friends approaching from the tent. They both looked past Jimmy and right at Claire's chest. Both of them made eye contact with her as she only smiled sexily.
"Okay guys, we want to show you that we aren't fogy's, break out the bong!"
The boys laughed and Chad looked at Mike, "Did you bring it?"
Mike held up a bag of weed and a bag of gummy bears, "brought a pipe. Never leave home without it." Said Mike.
"Honey, let's try a gummy bear," said Claire.
"Okay, sounds good." Jimmy said as he reached for the bag of gummy bears that Mike was presenting to him. "What color do you want babe?"
"Which color is for newbies?" Claire said in her best dumb blond voice.
"Easy guys, those look harmless but can be pretty potent if you aren't used to them. You better each only take one at first, wait about a half hour and see if you want more." Chad said with a smile.
Jimmy and Claire each took a gummy bear from the bag, Jimmy took an orange one and Claire a red one. Then they all gathered around the fire to see what would happen to them. There was a single long bench next to the fire pit and they all sat on it. Jimmy was on the end, then Claire, Chad and Mike on the other end. They talked and laughed. Claire was really enjoying all of the attention she was getting from the three men. She was really fighting the urge to dance for them, she would, but she was sure that Jimmy would divorce her.
Claire was never a pot-head when she was stripping, but she used it enough to know good stuff from bad stuff, this was good stuff. She felt her cheeks, feet and hands getting warm and numb. She knew soon her pussy would be wet and on fire, she decided to not have anymore gummies to avoid offering lap dances or other incriminating acts. Jimmy was feeling it too, and he thought that they were right, he was feeling calm and relaxed, good. No anxiety, just real relaxed and good.
"I'm ready for another one," Jimmy announced as he grabbed two. He handed his wife one and she refused, so he shrugged and ate them both. "Come on baby, have one more." Jimmy said as the boys started teasing her about being an old fogy again, the three boys started chanting...Claire is a fogy...Claire is a fogy...
Claire reached across Chad to the bag of gummy bears in the bag Mike held out. When she leaned her breast brushed Chad's arm and Mike had a view of her boobs under her dress. She took two also. The boys smiled at each other with anticipated excitement. "If you can do two, I can do two." They all cheered as she chewed them and swallowed.
The pot had a full effect on all four of them as they continued talking and laughing. Jimmy stood up and stretched, "I have to use the can. Anyone else?"
"Yeah, I can use it too," said Chad as he stood up and followed Jimmy. Claire stayed on the bench next to Mike.
Jimmy and Chad chatted all the way to the restroom and back. As they approached the camp site on their return they both had seen what looked like Claire kissing Mike. Mike realized what it looked like and was afraid Jimmy would flip out. "Dude, they aren't kissing, they are canonballing, where one inhales the smoke and blows it into the others mouth, they don't even touch." Chad said quickly.
Jimmy grabbed Chad's shoulder as he held his hand to his lips to shush him. Then he whispered, "Don't tell Claire we seen that."
"Okay, I won't," Chad said as he tried to understand Jimmy's request. Chad cleared his throat so Mike and Claire would know they were there. Mike and Claire both straightened up on the bench as fast as they could. Jimmy swore he seen Claire's tongue come out of Mike's mouth. His cock hardened instantly.
Jimmy was getting disappointed that nothing was happening with Claire and the boys. They had all sat there for almost an hour since his return from the restroom and seen Claire kissing Mike. He realized she wouldn't do anything with him watching, he needed a plan.
Claire was so horny now she could hardly contain herself. Even stoned she knew she couldn't chance anything to upset Jimmy and ruin their marriage. Now she was hoping the boys would leave soon so her husband would fuck her on the picnic table like he promised. She liked flirting with the boys, and deep down she would love to fuck both of them, but it was too risky. At the moment she just wanted to fuck her husband.
Jimmy realized that he needed to get Claire hotter for his plan to work. "Can I see you at the tent for a second?" He said as he reached for his wife and gently pulled her up towards the tent. He didn't want to go into the tent; he wanted to see the boys watch them make out. "Honey this pot is making me so horny," he said as he lifted his mouth to his wife. Her legs straddled his right leg as they kissed and she slowly moved her bare pussy up and down on his leg. She put both of her arms around his neck and passionately kissed him. She was getting dizzy from the pot and getting hornier by the minute, but she wasn't ready to admit it to her husband. Then Jimmy reached behind her and started to play with her ass lifting her dress giving the boys a sexy show. Claire felt the cool air on her bare ass and the thought of the boys watching made her whimper into her husband's mouth. Then Jimmy whispered in her ear something she thought she would never hear from her husband, "honey, whatever happens tonight is okay with me," then they both kissed harder than before.
After returning to the bench with the boys Claire could not keep her hands off of Jimmy. Then Jimmy announced, "I'm ready to try to smoke some of that shit!" He turned to his wife and kissed her, "try some with me honey?
"I don't know baby, I might get out of control." She said.
While she was talking Jimmy was taken his first buff out of the pipe. He coughed and laughed at the same time as he handed the pipe to his wife, signaling that he was okay with her getting out of control. She was still hesitant to let herself go in front of him. They passed around the pipe for several minutes and now Claire felt hotter than she has felt in years. She wasn't sure which was stronger the marijuana or her hormones.
"Hey I seen in a movie once where one guy would take a toke and then pass it to the next person by blowing it in the mouth, what's that called?" Jimmy said trying to be serious while he was playing dumb.
"Cannonballing, that's what it's called." Said Chad as he passed the pipe to Jimmy, who took a long draw from it then leaned over to his wife, she accepted the smoke letting her lips and tongue touch his as she did. Then she blew the smoke out.
"No honey, you have to pass it to Chad, then he will pass it back to you, then you pass it to Mike." Jimmy took another toke, then puffed the smoke into his wife's mouth. She turned to Chad, who put his arm around her as she slowly blew the smoke into his mouth. When Chad returned the smoke into her mouth he let his tongue dart into her mouth only to be met by her tongue as she was trying to do the same. Mike knelt in front of Claire and accepted the smoke from Claire, as he returned the smoke to her she felt Chad's hand touching the side of her breast, she started to pull back but then realized that Jimmy couldn't see it. She let him get his feel, after she blew the smoke out and Chad's hand retreated from her breast she looked down and realized her legs started to spread instinctively. She now wanted to fuck all of them, but she was still worried about what Jimmy would think. Yes, he told her he was okay with whatever happened, but how did she know it wasn't just the weed talking and that he would regret it in the morning. She quickly sat up straight and pulled her dress down to cover her shame.
"Let's try it again," said Jimmy as he took another puff.
"Oh, I'll pass; I think I'm more than high enough." Claire said defusing the situation.
Jimmy realized that she wasn't going to do anything in front of him, but he wondered if she would if he wasn't there. He had to leave, but he had to get her juices going again. "Honey, why don't you dance for us?"
The words from her husband both startled her and aroused her. "No, my dancing days are over." But she flushed from the excitement of thinking about it.
"Did you guys know that Claire used to be a stripper? I met her in a topless bar, she danced her way into my heart." As he talked Claire started feeling dizzy from the combination of beer, weed and hormones. She was still scared to do something wrong but was loving the attention she was getting. She melted back into her husbands arms as the boys smiled and mentally undressed her.
"Shit, I'd pay to watch that!" Mike said apbruptly. Claire looked at him then Mike and seen that both boys had visable erections showing through their shorts. She felt proud and smiled to show it.
Claire leaned over and reached across Chad and pinched Mike's cheek and playfully said, "Honey, you don't have enough money."
"Come on babe, we're all friends here, dance for us," Jimmy pleaded.
Claire slowly stood up, "Okay, I'll dance," The three men cheered, "but my clothes are staying put!" Then they all playfully booed. "I'll need some music."
Jimmy stood up and stumbled to the car, he wasn't as out of control as he was letting on, but it was all part of his plan. He turned his car stereo on and put on JJ Cale, good slow music for her to dance to, plus he knew JJ Cale music was her favorite love making music. She smiled and started dancing, slowly swaying her hips and turning, getting closer to the boys with each turn.
The boys lit up the pipe again and passed it around as she danced. "Hey, I want some." Claire said as she was looking at Mike and waving her ass in Chad's face. The three men took turns giving her cannonball hits. They each danced with her as they blew the smoke into her sexy mouth. The boys were taking their time giving her the smoke and began to hold her and cop feels.
Jimmy was hard as a rock as he watched Chad's hand slowly move up the back of her leg while they danced. Then he was disappointed as she pushed his hand away. He knew his wife was as hot as he's ever seen her; it was time for him to make his move. He fell over and onto the ground on purpose. The boys rushed over to help him up. "I think you guys better take me to the tent," he said as he tried to act more stoned than he really was. The boys each held him under the shoulder and lifted, then Jimmy purposely fell forward and into his wife, he put his mouth to her ear and said, "You look so hot baby, have fun, remember, whatever happens is okay with me." He kissed her hot mouth as she swam in mixed emotion.
"What about my fuck on the picnic table?" She said poutingly.
"I think you will still get it, probably twice," he grinned as the boys lifted him off of her and helped him to the tent. As the boys helped Jimmy to the tent Claire sat down swimming in mixed emotions. She was horny enough to fuck the whole campground, but she wasn't certain that her husband meant what he said. She had a burning 'feeling of fear' in her stomach and a burning 'feeling of needing to get fucked' between her legs.
The boys were laying Jimmy down inside the tent when Jimmy said, "I'm a bad husband, I promised Claire I would fuck her on the picnic table, and now I can't. Will you guys help me out?"
"You want us to fuck her?" Chad said with surprise and hope in his voice.
"Yeah, but you can't let her know I want you to, you have to seduce her," He laughed, "Although I think she's almost there already." When he finished speaking he passed out, well he faked that he did. As soon as they left the tent he got up and looked for a good position to watch from the flap.
Claire sat on the bench with her head in her hands trying to understand the situation. The weed wasn't helping. She felt as though she had been giving a blank check and told to make it out for what she thought was fair. If she was greedy and took too much she would be hated, if she didn't put enough in she would look like a fool. Her meditation was broken when the boys sat down on either side of her. Chad put his arm around her and pulled her to him, she melted into his young hard body. He gently reached and grabbed her chin turning her head to meet his hot mouth. He kissed her softly and passionately, she felt Mike kissing her neck and reaching under her dress. From the tent Jimmy watched and pulled his cock out of his shorts and began to stroke and wondered how far his hot wife would go.
She came to her senses and pulled away from the boys and stood up. "How about I dance some more." The boys just nodded. After a few songs Mike got up and started dancing with her, and then Chad joined them. One was in front and one behind, every once in a while she would turn around and grind her ass into the crotch behind her. Fuelled by the knowledge that her husband wanted them to fuck her, the boys pressed on. Claire was lost in the weed, music and her horniness and she didn't resist when she felt her dress being lifted over her body. With her dress went all of her inhibitions, she was going to let these two young men do whatever they wanted to her, but she was still worried about what Jimmy would think. Claire put her arms around Chad's neck and kissed him wildly, then whispered in his ear. "Let's go over to your camp site," she said as she felt both of her tits being squeezed from behind by Mike. She could feel his huge hard cock as she ground her ass into it.
"But we want to fuck you on the picnic table." Chad said as his lips found her neck.
"Isn't there a picnic table at your site?" Claire grinned as she put her head back and let him have her throat. "I tell you what, let's go to your site and have a hickey contest; you each get a tit and whoever gives me the most hikeys gets to fuck me first. You better hurry before I change my mind." Claire was 100% in stripper mode now, she felt alive and in control for the first time since she married. Each of the boys grabbed one of her hands and led her through the bushes and over to their picnic table and sat her down.
Jimmy couldn't hear what was being said, and panic started to rise when he seen the boys leading his wife away from his site, his line of view. He waited until they were out of site then pulled up his shorts and snuck over to the bushes. He knelt in the darkness of the bushes and watched his wife surrender to these two boys young enough to be her son's.
"Okay, you have three minutes to give me as many hickey's as you can," she said as she sat between them on the picnic table bench. She put an arm around each of them and said, "may the best man win."
Three minutes turned into five, and five into six. Claire loved feeling both of her tits being sucked so hard. She had always loved hickeys, but could never get Jimmy to give her one. About a minute into the contest one of the boys reached down and started playing with her pussy. She panted and moaned softly. Mike's mouth started moving down her body, kissing and sucking her stomach, Chad was still giving hickeys. Chad's mouth began to work on her throat and trailing kisses, sucks and bites up to her moaning mouth. Just as Chad's mouth found Claire's, Mike's mouth had found her clit. She was on fire as she sucked Chad's tongue into her mouth and bucked her pussy into Mike's face. "I really need one of you to fuck me right now!" She said loud enough for even Jimmy to hear.
Jimmy came for the first time hearing his wife ask them to fuck her. He kept beating his cock and it quickly got hard again. That wasn't like Jimmy, usually when he came he was ready to sleep. Tonight was going to be a night he would never forget.
Mike stuck two fingers up her pussy and gave her clit one last nibble then got up out of Chad's way as Chad was pushing her back to the table. Chad pushed her legs a part and pulled her ass closer to the edge of the table. Jimmy moved in the bushes and Claire heard it, hearing something in the bushes caused her to panic. She was worried Jimmy was checking on them. She closed her legs and said, "I'm sorry guys I can't do this, Jimmy might find out."
The boys were too far gone to stop. She tried to sit up but Mike held her down. As she was struggling to get out of Mike's grip she felt her legs being spread against her will. She cried out, "NO!" but not loud enough for anyone to hear but them.
Jimmy started to go help his wife, but seeing her struggle made him even hotter, he wanted to see her get fucked one way or another. He watched as Chad worked Claire's kicking legs over his shoulder. Mike held her down and was trying to kiss her, but she kept moving her mouth away. Then he seen Chad slam his cock into his wife in one quick hard thrust. Claire gasped loud. About the third thrust he noticed Claire's back arch into accept Chad's thrust, and then he heard her moan. "Oh God, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"
Chad fucked her harder and harder making Claire moan louder and louder. She was now kissing Mike back hard. After tasting her accepting mouth for several minutes Mike stood up and pulled what had to be a ten inch cock out of his shorts and presented it to her mouth. Mike's cock wasn't just long, it was huge, she had a hard time getting it all into her mouth, but she did. As the cock started slowly going down her throat the thrusts from Chad fucking her pussy pushed the cock further down her throat. She began to cum all over Chad's dick. She hadn't had multiple orgasms since before she was married, and now she was cumming so hard and fast she couldn't count them. Chad started to pull his dick out but Claire sensing he was cumming grabbed his ass and pleaded, "No, cum in me baby!" He did, with a loud grunt from him and an even louder squeal from her. She pulled her mouth off of Mike's cock to catch her breath then she smiled at Mike, "your turn big boy,"
Jimmy was still pulling his cock hard. He had just came for the second time and wanted more. He watched as Mike turned his wife over and had her kneel on the bench and lean over face first on the table. Mike positioned behind her and Claire asked him to be easy, he was so big. But, Mike was too far gone for easy. As soon as he got the head of his huge cock in he thrust as hard as he could, burying about seven inches into her on the first thrust. Claire squealed loudly and came once again. With each thrust he went deeper and deeper until his balls were slapping her belly. Jimmy came two more times, Claire four or five as this monster cock fucked her. Jimmy was so engrossed with watching Mike hammer Claire's pussy he didn't even notice that Chad was now fucking her face just as hard. She had balls slapping her belly and chin at the same time. This was too much for Jimmy, he staggered back to the tent and passed out.
Jimmy woke up, the sun was bright and hot, he looked at his watch and seen it was 11:30. He turned and looked for his wife, but she wasn't there. He got dressed and walked over to the boys' camp site. There was nobody outside so he walked over to the tent to check in there. As he got about three steps from the tent he heard the unmistakable sound of his wife having sex. It was broad daylight and people were walking around the campground, he couldn't pull his cock out here. He decided to go back to his tent and fuck himself as he waited for his wife. He fell asleep after he came.
"Hey sleepy head wake up." Claire said as she shook Jimmy.
Jimmy looked up and seen her drying her hair, then she smiled at him and said, "I woke up before you so I went for a walk and took a shower."
Her lying was arousing him. "What time did you come to bed dear?"
"Not long after you did." Another lie.
"Did you have fun? Did you get your picnic table fantasy?" He said and smiled.
"Of course not baby, you know you are the only one for me."
"I trust you with all of my heart sweetie." He said as he pulled her down on top of him.