A couple of weeks passed, during which I made a nice but uneventful visit back to the nudist resort as a reward for my exposure in front of Allison. It was a very slow day on that trip and it certainly didn't compare to my first experience, but I enjoyed being out of my clothes and outdoors on a nice day. Heather had great fun teasing me about our experience with Allison and kept threatening to expose me again, although nothing came of it for a while. Just when I was beginning to think that I might avoid being too humiliated Heather came to me with a desire for another event that I wouldn't be able to refuse.
"You remember my friend Emily, right?" she asked me.
"Sure," I said, "we haven't seen her in a while but I remember her. Why?"
"Well, she's having a tough time and just got dumped by her boyfriend. Allison and I wanted to get together with her and have a bit of a girl's night here at the house to cheer her up."
"Oh, well, that's fine. I'll get together with some of the guys and get out for some beers or something so you can have the house."
"Well, you don't really have to be gone. As a matter of fact I'd like you to stick around Saturday night."
I knew right then that something was up, and that if I didn't want yet another of my wife's friends to see my private parts on display I'd have to figure some way out of it. Since she literally pulled my pants off in front of Allison there was no telling what she was capable of.
"Whatever you're thinking," I told her, "don't. The answer is no. I don't need to add Emily to the list of your friends who have seen my penis."
That earned me a nice laugh from my wife, but didn't do anything to slow her down. "I thought you might have that kind of answer for me. But, you need to hear my offer before you refuse to play along."
"Fine," I said, "but you better have a huge offer to talk me into this."
"OK, let's start with the obvious, yes, both my friends are going to see you naked on Saturday."
"I knew it!"
"BUT. But, I'm putting a big bargaining chip on the table for you. Emily has been feeling really bad with everything that's happened and it's so important to me to give her a night to remember that I'm putting myself out there. If you go through with this for me I will, with my clothes on, spend a day at the resort with you."
I felt my heart skip a beat when I heard that, maybe two. I had wanted Heather to go to the nudist resort with me forever, and had told her repeatedly that she could even keep her clothes on just as long as she would come with me. Letting me make a couple of trips on my own had been great, but I still wanted her with me. Having her there and naked would be far better, but just getting her there was a huge step forward. What I had to do was make this as good as it could be for me, even if that meant being more than a little bit humiliated in front of her friends.
"So you're willing to go and spend a whole day at the resort with me?" I asked her.
"Yes," she said. "I'm not agreeing to go naked, or even topless, but I'll go and spend the day with you."
"I'm really happy you'll go with me, but I think I need a little bit more to buy my willing participation in this show for your friends."
"You're lucky I'm going at all, I'm not getting naked. And I'm not showing my boobs."
"I wasn't going that way at all, I realize it's non-negotiable. But a day isn't going to cut it. I want us to rent a cabin there and stay overnight. We'll go first thing Saturday morning next weekend and stay through Sunday."
"OK, I can go along with that."
"And I get to buy the bikini that you'll wear for the weekend. You may not get naked, but I'm not going to have you in actual clothes all weekend."
"I'll go for wearing a bikini all weekend, but I've got four in a drawer right now. I don't need a new one."
"The four you have are so boring you might as well be fully dressed. If you won't get naked you at least have to be a little more daring than normal."
"OK, but I've got conditions too. The top has to actually cover my boobs, not be one of these itsy-bitsy things that just puts a patch of fabric over my nipples. And the bottom has to cover my bush the way it is right now, I'm not going to have hair sticking out and I'm not going to shave extra just to get into something that's practically not there."
"Deal!" I said, and held out my hand to shake hers.
"Deal!" she answered, and we shook on it. The explanation of what I had just gotten myself into followed, and it sounded more embarrassing than I had expected, but I was willing to go through with it to get my overly modest wife to the nudist resort with me, even if she was going to be in a not-skimpy-enough bikini.
Saturday night arrived and I was in the kitchen when the doorbell rang the first time. Allison was the first to arrive and she announced her entrance with hoots and whistles at me after Heather let her in and led her to the kitchen. As agreed, I was in my outfit for the night, bow tie, shirt cuffs without any shirt, and black pants, the classic male stripper outfit.
"So you're our stripper tonight?" Allison asked.
"No such luck," I said to her. "I'll just be serving your drinks and snacks, but unlike last time my pants will be staying on and there is no slide show or movie feature tonight."
"That's really too bad, I had so much fun with your last show and I'm sure it would do Emily good to see a guy get stripped naked and humiliated. It sure does make me happy!"
As she said that the doorbell rang again and a minute later Heather came into the kitchen with Emily and another woman that I didn't know. That was definitely not in the agreement, but again I was somewhat trapped and had too much of a payoff on the line to back out.
"Chris," Heather said, "I want you to meet Emily's friend Natasha. Emily asked at the last minute if she could come along and I told her she was welcome. Natasha, I probably should have warned you but I wanted the surprise for Emily. I've convinced my husband to put on this little outfit I bought for him and serve our food and drinks tonight just to give us a bit of fun."
"He may be dressed like a stripper," Allison said, "but unfortunately for us he says his pants are staying on tonight."
"Well," Emily said, "it's nice to see everybody again, and this is more than I thought I'd get when I agreed to come over for drinks."
Emily said this with just a hint of a blush along with a cute little grin. She had always been the shy one in our social circle so I wasn't surprised that just the outfit and Allison's teasing about nudity had her blushing. She was on the tall side, about 5'9", with sandy blonde hair that fell just below her shoulders. She didn't quite qualify as overweight, but was a bit think around the middle and had plenty of butt and bigger thighs that filled out her jeans. Luckily she was balanced out with big breasts as well, very healthy D cups that were easily the largest ones there that night.
Her friend Natasha hadn't had anything to say yet, which was understandable considering how bizarre the introduction must have been for her. She was even taller than Emily, probably 5'11", but other than their height there was really nothing similar about their looks. Natasha was fair skinned with rich black hair that came down just to the bottom of her ears and rail thin, with slim little hips and what looked to be A cup breasts that just barely showed under her casual t-shirt. She was an unexpected addition to the night's event, but a part of me was actually a little bit excited to have a bigger audience, plus her thin build and small breasts reminded me of meeting Scarlett at the nudist resort and the excitement of seeing her undress.
"Well ladies," Heather said, "Chris is just finishing up with the food and getting things ready so let's go into the living room and get comfortable. He's going to bring around our wine and the first round of snacks in just a few minutes."
Their exit allowed me just a few minutes to finish putting things together and take some deep breaths as I knew what would be coming later, but even that didn't completely spare me from any embarrassment. I could clearly hear from the kitchen that as soon as they sat down Allison started telling the story of her last trip to our house that started with Heather's "accidentally" revealing nude pictures of me and ended with me naked in real life.
"...so down come his boxers and I'm sitting right here in this very spot looking at him naked from the waist down, pants and boxers wadded up around his ankles, with a hard-on!" Allison was exclaiming as I walked in with wine glasses in one hand and a bottle in the other.
"Oh my gosh," Emily gushed. "Chris, how did you stand that? I'd absolutely die if I got exposed in front of a guy friend."
"Well, in the heat of the moment I was kind of stuck without much of a choice," I said as I handed out glasses and then started to pour the wine.
"Somehow I'll bet Heather paid for it later," Natasha ventured.
"Well," I said, "she's a bit too shy to be exposed but she has been enthusiastic about making amends with me for the embarrassment she caused."
"We don't need to get into that," Heather said. "Why don't you go get us our first tray of snacks and keep serving without the commentary!"
Smiling that I had slipped at least a little bit of a dig in on my wife I went back to the kitchen and returned quickly with a tray of snacks for the ladies to enjoy with their wine. I made my way around and kept the tray handy to attend to them as they asked for more. Fortunately for me the conversation stayed rather interesting.
"So you've never been exposed like that?" Natasha asked Heather. "You've never even flashed your boobs at a party or a concert? Nothing?"
"No!" Heather said. "I'm probably more modest than I should be but I've always kept myself pretty much covered. The idea of just putting it out there for anybody to see is more than I can see myself doing."
"I'm with you," Emily said.
"Really?" Natasha said, promising there was more to come. "Are you forgetting about our Mardi Gras night at the bar a few months ago?"
"Oh this sounds good!" said Allison. "If you've got public nudity stories you've got to share them with us girl!"
"Well," Emily said, "it really wasn't much. It was just that it was Mardi Gras, and I'd probably had a drink too many, and I got wrapped up in the spirit of things..."
"And got her big, beautiful boobs out while she was standing on top of the bar!" Natasha finished for her.
Emily blushed at this as much as if she was actually exposed right then. The ladies cheered, and Allison offered, "Hey, don't get embarrassed about it, I've gotten my tits out too and I don't have nearly as much to be as proud of as you do!"
At that Heather sent me back to the kitchen to grab the second tray of snacks, telling me to just leave the first on a small table so that they could still get what they wanted. When I came back with the second tray the conversation among the ladies, who were now deep into more wine, continued to be interesting.
"So what about you Natasha," Allison was asking when I came back in, "are you a flasher like me and Emily?"
"After getting us into this you'd better fess up, or I'll tell them myself," Emily added.
"Well," Natasha started. "I've been a bit less modest at times. I haven't flashed much, I don't have much to flash, but my friend here did dare me to streak a lawn party at a hotel when we were on vacation together last year. And, well, I ran totally naked through a crowd of probably 50 people."
"That's not even the best part!" Emily added.
"Well," Natasha said, "if we hadn't been drinking so much that night we might have realized that it wasn't just a party, it was actually a wedding reception. The bride didn't look too happy when I passed her table."
This had the whole room howling with laughter, and I was laughing right along with them in spite of knowing that soon I'd be the one with the naked story of the night. Getting control of myself I continued my assigned duties passing snacks and keeping wine glasses full. The conversation shifted into things I really didn't care about, fashion, tv shows I didn't watch, and the like, and I fell into the routine feeling almost normal. While I knew what would eventually happen Heather hadn't shared with me when things would happen, and the other three certainly didn't know I was going to end up naked in front of them.
As the snacks started to run short Heather asked me to get both trays and go back to the kitchen to set things up for the sweets that she had picked out as a bit of a dessert. There were still some things on each tray, so it was only with some difficulty that I managed to hang onto one and get my hand under the second and pick it up to head to the kitchen. As soon as I had both of them balanced, one on each hand, I caught a movement out of the corner of my eye and knew even before it happened that the big moment had come and I was getting exposed.
Heather moved from her spot on the couch, obviously picking the moment when my hands were full and I was facing the other three women in the room, and grabbed the back waistband of my black slacks that were actually tear-away pants. With a quick ripping noise they came off and I was stark naked save for the bow tie and cuffs I was wearing, and my hands were full, which left me stuck and unable to cover up.
"Chris!" Heather shouted. "Where's your underwear!"
"I didn't know you were going to rip my pants off!" I answered her.
All three of our guests were staring, and laughing, and having great fun at my expense as we put on the show that made my exposure look somewhat accidental.
"The costume I gave you for tonight had little black bikini briefs, you were supposed to wear the whole costume."
"They were uncomfortable so I went without them. I didn't expect to lose my pants in front of everybody. Will you please take these trays so I can cover up with something?"
"It's your fault you didn't have any underwear on! I was just going to let the girls see those little briefs for a joke, I didn't know you'd have everything hanging out for them. Take the trays back in the kitchen and then come back so we can decide whether or not you're allowed to put your pants back on."
I walked back into the living room covering myself with my hands, but of course Heather stood me in front of everybody and pulled my hands to my sides to leave me exposed.
"OK girls," she said. "Since this is Emily's party I think we have to respect her wishes. I wouldn't want her to be embarrassed by my husband not knowing how to dress himself. Emily, does he get his pants back, go put on the briefs he was supposed to be wearing, or does he have to keep serving us tonight the way he is?"
Emily looked at me, looked around at her friends, then looked at me and said, "Sorry Chris, but I don't think you get to put any of your clothes on tonight."
Cheers erupted all around the room at her announcement and while I didn't know how long I'd be stuck on display for them I suspected it would be a lively night. They had all been drinking a good bit and my losing my clothes seemed to be the thing that put them over the edge into being really naughty with their discussions.
As I kept passing food and drinks I repeatedly got my bare butt pinched or smacked, which didn't seem to bother Heather in the slightest. Somehow, I managed to control myself enough that while I repeatedly got half hard I never got completely erect, which probably saved me from even more cat-calling than I was already getting.
Things turned on what should have been a predictable question that of course came from Allison. "So Emily," she asked, "is this the first penis you've seen since your boyfriend's?"
"It's a bigger one than my boyfriend's," she answered without thinking. Blushing at her admission she quickly followed up with, "Yeah, I haven't been with anybody since we broke up."
"So nobody's had a look at you since then either?" Allison asked her.
"No!" she said. "I know I had that one adventure at Mardi Gras a few months ago but I don't just go around flashing people."
"It's been a while since I got my boobs out too," Allison said. And with that she stood up, grabbed the bottom of her shirt, and yanked to get it and her bra off of her breasts and up to her chin.
The effort of getting free of her bra while a little bit drunk had her bare breasts jiggling, and they were nicer than I would have guessed, pretty firm with good sized nipples that quickly got hard once they were on display. The other ladies howled with surprise and laughter, although I think Heather might have protested a bit, and I immediately got hard, which didn't escape anybody's notice.
Pulling her shirt back down Allison smiled, pointed at my erection, and announced, "You're welcome ladies! I got to flash a guy friend and you get to see him hard!"
This brought a new round of cheers and I simply held my hands out and made a slow turn all the way around to give everybody a good view.
"Thanks for the show," I said to Allison. "Although as much as you've seen of me just getting your boobs out doesn't really balance things out."
"Hey," she said, "Natasha's the streaker! Let's see if we can get her out of her panties!"
At this point even Heather was getting into the spirit of things and they all went in on Natasha to convince her to shed her clothes.
"I'm not getting naked tonight," she said. "But I'll join in on the fun."
She stood up and pulled her shirt up, revealing that she wasn't wearing a bra and that her little boobs were just as perky as I could have expected, with little nipples sticking out and demanding attention. Behind her Emily saw an opportunity and grabbed Natasha's yoga pants and yanked them down to her knees, taking her panties with them and showing me that she stayed nicely waxed.
Screaming in embarrassment Natasha dropped her shirt and put one hand between her legs to try and reclaim some of her dignity and reached for her pants with the other. Emily wasn't giving up that easily and yanked them down to her ankles, at which point Natasha half-sat, half-fell backwards onto the couch, smiled, threw her hands up in the air, and pulled her shirt completely off and tossed it across the room. She then pushed her pants and panties off of her feet and kicked them to another corner.
"Why not," she said to everybody, "at least it isn't a wedding party!"
This brought a fresh round of laughs to everybody, and Allison joined in by pulling her shirt completely off this time and losing her bra as well. I couldn't believe how well things were going for me, with Allison topless and Natasha, who I had just met that night, sitting in my living room completely naked. Heather was clearly enjoying things, but I saw that glint in her eye that told me she had something in mind that might not go my way.
"With all this excitement," Heather said, "I think we need to get the attention back on our entertainment."
Saying this she stood up and came over to me, stepped behind me, and reached around to gently run her fingers from the base to tip of my erection. I knew then what was going to happen, but with beautiful female bodies to look at I didn't care. I just wanted to be touched and if that was in front of an audience then that was fine.
Our three friends piled together on the one couch directly in front of me to have the best view of what they thought would happen. Allison, thankfully, then said possibly the best thing of the night.
"Emily," she said, "it isn't really fair that you've stripped Natasha and left me topless, you need to get those boobs out and join in!"
"Yeah," said Natasha, "girl code! You can't leave us out here all by ourselves!"
Emily looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack, but then she surprised even herself by saying, "You're right! I'm going to do it!"
Then she stood up and pulled her shirt over her head to reveal a light blue bra and a truly impressive display of cleavage. I expected that bra to come off next and reveal her huge breasts, but instead her shaking hands went to her waist and she unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans and started working them off her hips and down her legs to show us a pair of bright red panties. When the girls realized she was taking her jeans off they cheered and started chanting, "Strip! Strip! Strip!"
Blushing, and shaking even more, she reached behind her back and unhooked her bra which quickly slid down and fully revealed her big breasts and big nipples. Dropping her bra to the ground she raised her arms and said, "I did it! I'm almost naked for my guy friend!"
At that moment Natasha grabbed Emily's panties and yanked them down to her ankles, showing me her full, sandy blonde bush before she had a chance to scream and cover herself.
"Payback babe!" Natasha gloated. "If my stuff is coming out for everybody to see then so is yours!"
Laughing, Emily surrendered, stepped out of her panties, and sat back down on the couch completely naked. The two of them then looked at Allison, who took the hint, shrugged, looked at me, smiled, and stood up to undo her jeans and slide them off, revealing to all of us that she wasn't wearing any panties underneath and letting me see her little landing strip of bush before she joined her naked friends sitting on the couch and waiting for things to start.
Whispering to me that I was possibly the luckiest man on the planet Heather started to slowly tease me with just the tips of her fingers, caressing me and working me up without actually wrapping around me to start to work. Our audience of three stared, and Allison was the first to slide her hand between her legs, but quickly all three of them were rubbing themselves. Heather finally wrapped her hand all the way around my erection and started to slowly stroke me up and down, and our audience almost simultaneously slipped their fingers inside to pleasure themselves while they watched it done to me.
As I started breathing heavily Heather picked up the pace, stroking me faster until I finally couldn't hold on any more and had what was easily the best orgasm of my life. I almost collapsed into her, but instead dropped to my knees panting and shaking from the sheer thrill of everything. That gave me a perfect view of the three naked girls on the couch tending to their own needs, as first Emily, then Allison, and then Natasha moaned and shook with their own orgasms. Kneeling beside me, Heather whispered into my ear, "I think you've earned my company next weekend, but if tonight didn't get my clothes off there's no chance I'll take them off in public."