Author's note -- All characters are 18+, and you'll need to read between the lines to get to the truth of this one...
*****
Loved byHer
Day N--
Helen smiled. She was as happy as she could ever remember being, simply becauseShehad complimented her makeup.
Helen had come in to work after taking a little extra time this morning to get ready. She was full of anticipation -- today was going to be special, she just knew it! The decision to wear only lingerie under a suit coat and tight little pencil skirt outfit was bold. It's not something she'd ever even considered doing before, but it just made so much sense! Get their eyes on you, pull their attention, get them interested, and the rest will follow!
OK, she was a little fuzzy on what the 'rest' would be, but she was sure it'd be awesome!
As she walked into the lobby her office shared with three other firms,Shehad been there off to the side.Shewas as gorgeous asShealways was, Helen was sure, even if she couldn't recall exactly whatShelooked like right now. Helen had seenHerwave her over and obeyed, heading over to say hi. Helen was a good girl, after all. A little chatter later,Shehad been very complimentary. "That shade of lipstick is perfect, Helen, it looks slutty as hell."
Helen felt all warm and fuzzy inside. To have her vague but emotionally compelling goals so perfectly summed up in such a short phrase -- 'slutty as hell' -- oh, she felt those words bouncing around in her very soul. Something to aim for!
Somehow she got to her desk and tucked into the endless flood of interoffice email. "Fix paragraph 3, page 5 of the Johnson report...", "Research what Donnebrook is offering their clients with regards to...", "Unbutton your jacket," "Annual reporting metrics due by CoB Monday. Don't be late!"
Unbuttoning her jacket, Helen followed her directions. The Johnson report took just a matter of minutes once she'd called Julia to unlock the shared document. The Donnebrook research started quickly, but details were not available anywhere online she could see. This kind of tasking is why Helen spent so much time networking. Calling George over at Heisenberg LLC, she set up a lunch 'date' with him. George was always glad to slip her details of their mutual competitors. Thinking about it, George had been awful helpful. She offered to change the meeting to after-work drinks but he had other commitments at that point. His loss.
Calling Julia back again, she passed the joy of the annual metrics reporting down the chain of command, just like they'd been given to her. Setting a deadline of midday Thursday, she'd have plenty of time to recover if need be and Julia goofed up. She probably wouldn't, Julia was pretty reliable. Also cute -- have to remember that. Those huge eyes behind those even larger cokebottle glasses, mmm... Helen wondered what Julia'd look like while she orgasmed. Would she keep the glasses on? Would they fog up from all the heat and moisture? She suddenly realized she had a new experiment to try out soon!
Having yet another goal set, Helen made sure to have the deadline on the metrics end in her office at the start of lunch. This Thursday, the office would be getting pretty quiet with the holiday on Friday. Everyone with extra time would be taking off early, probably at lunchtime, if they were even in the office. She felt like she should be safe playing with Julia in those conditions. Worst case, she might need to take another spanking!
Oooh, oh, can't be thinking about that too much. Too much excitement would be bad for this poor little skirt. It's not like the wonderfully slutty crotchless lace thong would stop her from spotting it. It was so lovely that the strange little bodegaShehad directed Helen to had so many erotic specialties in stock, not to mention all the helpful staff. How they could stay open with all those sweet male shopkeepers was a minor mystery.
It was likeShereally cared about Helen, a modern miracle Helen couldn't help but give thanks for on her knees when she remembered to pray nowadays. With so many other essential things taking up her time, prayer was starting to take a secondary position in her life for the first time. It's OK, life was full of changes, and Jesus loved her.
Mmm... Jesus loving her. Oh, MY, that was a deliciously dirty thought. The young, hunky Son of God? With middle-aged Helen? It's almost too bad she hadn't been named Mary, the taboo...
Old Carruthers interrupted her pleasant thoughts, hurmphing at her from the doorless doorway. "Did you fix the Johnson report yet, Helen?"
"Yes, sir!" she enthused. "Saved up to the share earlier today as soon as I'd gotten it fixed. Although Julia had it locked, I had to give her a call to save her work again before I could finish."
He nodded, looking thoughtful. "Thank you for reporting this matter to me, Helen. I'll see about taking appropriate measures," he mentioned over his shoulder as he wandered off to cause trouble somewhere else.
Her phone pinged -- Exercise time! She happily grabbed the small cloth sack she kept in her purse and walked off to the bathroom. She'd never heard of these exercises beforeShehad been kind enough to mention them, but they worked so very well. She could see the difference in the mirror after even just one session!
She slipped into a free stall and carefully pulled her skirt up to ride around her waist -- wrinkling it would be unfortunate,Sheusually didn't like Helen wearing wrinkled clothing unlessShehad caused the wrinkles -- and added the two heavy round weights in front and the heavier mushroom-headed weight in the back. Carefully sitting down on the toilet, she triggered her body's special muscles with a firmly tapping finger and felt things start to move inside her, responding to the sparky, tingly sensations.
Her phone chirped before a brief message popped up about some lee-something giving remote something else. She always saw that during her exercise periods. Confirming it likeShehad said to, the screen lit up with a picture from the camera, and she carefully stretched her free arm out to give the camera the right angle to get all of her from mid-shin on up just asShetaught her.
These videos were so helpful toHercorrecting Helen's flawed form. She was so silly sometimes, how she'd not known to catch the drips on her free fingers and lick them up... I mean, so obvious! And oh so tasty, for that matter! AndShesaid it helped with the whole reason for the exercises too -- talk about a win-win. Or would that be a win-win-win? Hrmm...
Feeling her muscles start to head into overdrive, Helen bit down on her lower lip to try to keep quiet this time.Shesaid Helen would eventually get used to making the noises, there's nothing unnatural or unhealthy about doing so, but Helen was still too embarrassed to make the other girls here at work feel sloppy for not doing their own exercises regularly.
Catching her breath as her body relaxed a little, Helen turned off the app and tucked the phone under her chin. She gently took the weights out and balanced them in one hand. Carefully wiping her wetness away with gentle fingers, she licked up her fluids from her fingers before tugging the skirt back down.
This was always the most embarrassing time, stepping out of the stall after exercising. What's worse, onceSheknew Helen had waited for people to clear out after an exercise session a couple days ago,Shehad ordered Helen to move along as quickly as possible without making a mess after exercising, no more delays.
Shewas always so supporting and considerate with Helen, helping her maintain her busy schedule.
One deep breath later, Helen opened the door. Oh, my. Julia was quickly walking out the door. Helen wondered how long she'd been there, listening.
The embarrassment she felt twisted deep in her belly, and suddenly she was panting, overheated.
Hot.
Catching her breath, Helen scrubbed up her weights, patted them dry, and tucked them back into the cloth pouch.
Back at her desk, another check of her email. "Redo Johnson report, see Cynthia for new numbers." "Henderson & Crayk need a quote for professional services...", "Remove your babydoll & rebutton your jacket", "New required training at security site."
Calling Cynthia, she learned that she'd used the wrong numbers in fixing the document. She explained where she'd gotten them from, and Cynthia, that nosy old biddy, made her wait on the call while she checked. "I guess they match," she grumped. "Lucky you."
Gently chewing her tongue to keep from giving Cynthia a well-deserved dressing-down, Helen just waited for the next dig. "So. Take the numbers from the right location this time, Helen. Clean up this mess. Double-check the rest of the report's numbers too, while you're at it. Get it to me before two, I need to get it onto Ms. Huchoa's desk by three." With that command, Cynthia hung up without waiting for a response. What a, a, nasty piece of work!
Helen checked the clock. She wouldn't have time to take George to lunch now, not with all this heaped onto her plate unexpectedly. Taking off her jacket, she gently pulled the delicate lace out of her waistband before stripping it off. Putting her coat back on and rebuttoning it over her bare torso, Helen folded the skimpy garment before tucking it into her purse. She called George to explain the change. "It's OK, dear Helen. Maybe we can do something after work tomorrow?"
"I'm sorry, already committed tomorrow, but I could do Thursday? Get an early start on the long weekend?"
"Sounds like a plan, my dear Helen! I'll pick you up at your place at, say, 6?"
Agreeing even as she reopened the Johnson report, Helen bid him a good couple days until Thursday night.
At eleven-thirty, she called in one of the interns and had her fetch a salad from the next-door cantina. They always made an excellent tortilla bowl, and it sounded wonderful. Continuing to work as she munched her way through, Helen found several other problems with the Johnson report.
She sent Cynthia an email asking for direction on three pieces of information that conflicted in different sections of the report. Of course, the data Cynthia had told Helen to use didn't have any of the three numbers, nor anything she could figure out how to use to determine which was correct. Helen expected some more 'lovely' attitude from that, that dried up hag on that, but better to get the warning out in email to cover her backside in case something happened.
Swapping over to Henderson & Crayk, she pulled down a blank proposal template and saved a renamed copy up on the share. Digging out details from emails and the big data store, she started filling it in. After all this time, it was almost busywork for her, but critical busywork -- it led to more incoming funds, helping mitigate the loss of customers over time. And there were always customers leaving, just the nature of the business.
Her phone pinged -- time for her afternoon exercise session! She took care of business as quickly as practical -- there was much work left to get through. Returning to her desk a little sweatier, she found Cynthia had emailed back the needed data -- without excess snark, she had to be feeling poorly, the old dear -- so she polished off the last bits remaining in that report. She saved a copy up on the share and sent it back off to Cynthia.
The Henderson & Crayk proposal took another hour but wasn't a challenge. Checking email -- almost ANYthing was better than sitting through what they called 'training' -- she found a strange message asking her if she'd met withHertoday, sent by Julie. Did Julie knowHer? How could she? How intriguing.
As per her standing instructions, she forwarded the message toHerspecial account and put it out of her mind.
Sighing, she opened the training site and started the new training. It was precisely as mind-numbingly awful as always. It repeated every fact, and every claim the same way, three times, just the same material, the same as last year, three times repeated each year. Horrible, horrible stuff.
Finishing it, she had an hour remaining — time to start gathering the metrics for Monday. The numbers were final in the share, and having learned from Cynthia's silliness earlier, she pulled a copy down onto her local machine. Better to have the numbers used if Cynthia questioned it. Again.
That lady needed to get laid, but who would ever want to?
One last hour crept by, taking a whole day, but finally, she finished for the day. Time for the next chore forHer. She strode out of the office, heel clicks announcing her presence and gathering eyes to feast on her charms.Shewas right, of course -Shealways was.Hercare was getting Helen more and more attention, how truly blessed she was thatShecared for her.
Heading out to the subway, she took it three hops over, switched to another train for another three stations, and headed out of the smelly old tunnels. Time to go work out, so she headed into the gymShehad taken out a membership for Helen. It was interesting, she was one of the older people here, but she never felt uncomfortable with it. Especially now thatShewas taking such good care of her.
Quickly changing into her thin lycra tank and shorts before pulling her hair back into a sporty ponytail, Helen headed over to the front row of treadmills. Following directions, she set the speed and stepped on, making sure to add the extra hip actionShehad insisted on to help sculpt Helen's body. Of course, the extra wiggle caused her breasts to rub in her top, which brought her nipples to full hardness. She'd gotten to the point where she had to carefully lube them just enough to slip without staining her thin top -- she was walking so much further now, they'd get raw before she finished.
As had happened several times recently, a couple of the less socially apt young men took the devices behind her as she wiggled through her miles. She wondered why -- didn't they have internet porn to look at like everyone else? Wouldn't that be more stimulating? She'd have to askHerabout it, as she'd been directed to whenever something like this happened.Shewas always so good at figuring out what was going on and how Helen should best make use of it.
After a sweaty half-hour, the torture machine slowed down and Helen got to cool off a little before stopping. Heading over to the rubber-floored area, she started her stretching routine being especially careful to maintain the proper posture and never look anyone in the eye.Shesaid never to embarrass anyone not as fit as Helen was by staring at them, no matter how envious they were of her sexy body. Helen thought that was just fine.
Fifteen minutes later and she was back at her locker, stripping off for a nice shower. She didn't really understand why she had to shower here and never cover up with a towel, but it wasn't her call.Shehad insisted, and as alwaysShewas looking out for Helen's best interests.
Walking -- wiggling, really, it was hard to stop the hip action after emphasizing it so much for a half-hour -- off to the showers, Helen took her time to scrub everything carefully. Two young girls, barely out of college it seemed, kept whispering to each other rudely as she did. They certainly weren't concerned about their own cleanliness -- it almost seemed like they were more showing off their little bodies more than getting clean.
Drying off, Helen got redressed in her heels, crotchless panties, skirt, and jacket before packing up her little lycra bits in her workout bag and leaving the gym. Four stations and she was at her apartment building, home for the night. Time for the real workout to start!