Part One
Years ago Jane and Barry Watts had the good fortune to inherit a large house. That was fine while the kids were young but now it was becoming a problem. With the kids grown up the house was far too big for the couple but aside from that the aging building was proving expensive to maintain. Barry had a fairly well-paid job yet they were certainly not well-off. The couple had talked over the options, including selling up but they really liked the house and enjoyed living in that area. More importantly they needed the room for when their son and daughter came back to stay occasionally.
Barry came up with the answer and put the idea to his wife. They would rent out a couple of rooms. Given there was a university just a mile away they were confident students would jump at the chance if the rent was reasonable. They decided to take in just one lodger for starters to see how things worked out.
A few weeks later their new lodger Jed moved in. The pleasant well-mannered nineteen year old right away fit in well with the couple. Jane, in her early forties enjoyed having him around and shared the same sense of humour. It didn't take Barry long to notice the lad often gave his still very attractive and well-shaped wife admiring glances, always quick to notice when she bent over unladylike or wore low cut tops. Jane had become so used to being the only person around during the day, and having lost her job never had to worry about flashing a bit of flesh!
Barry mentioned the lads interest to his wife which made her laugh and dismiss it as his imagination. She did notice that Barry often brought up the subject in bed and seemed quite thrilled about it. She concluded that from the way his cock hardened when he spoke about it. Turning almost into a game, Barry vocalised his fantasies, imagining Jane seducing the boy. It had the effect of creating sexual arousal in both husband and wife.
Jane admitted she thought the boy was very good-looking and that she looked for signs her husbands 'theory' of Jed having an interest in her was more than imagination.
'Why don't you give the lad a treat -- give him a bit of a show? See if you can turn him on -- yourself too!'
Jane laughed and told him not to be silly. 'At my age? He's younger than our son!'
She didn't totally condemn the idea, which excited Barry. Both of them almost subconsciously chatted about it while they had sex and both too, noticed how the idea gave them an extra thrill.
'What would I do, anyway,' Jane asked, 'How would I go about it without seeming obvious and risking looking silly?'
Barry thought for a minute as he slowly thrust in and out of his wife's pussy. 'Breakfast might be a good time to 'accidentally' gave him a good view down your front. Don't get dressed, leave your dressing gown loose, show a lot of cleavage and it would be easy to let him see plenty of bare thigh too if the lower half came apart.! Start off slowly and see his reaction.'
'And what if it makes him want more?' she asked, teasingly. 'What if it makes me want more?'
She was only joking but Barry suddenly began to fuck her harder, clearly very aroused by her comment. Breathlessly he rammed into her, 'Then do more! Give him more!'
The sex was the best they had in ages.
Jane made a point of serving the boy breakfast still dressed in her nightwear. She had ditched her frumpy heavy buttoned dressing gown for a more silky flimsier one. She reasoned that shiny silky material always had a habit of sliding open. Barry approved and for the next three nights in bed he liked to tell her how seeing her wear her new gown in front of the boy turned him on. He mentioned how it excited him when she bent forward to serve him at the table. Yes, the gown did keep slipping open no matter how tight she tied the belt.
Barry only got to see a few minutes of all this as he had to get himself off to work.
'Try being a bit more daring when I've gone to work,' he suggested, whispering in her ear. The thought clearly aroused Jane.
Every morning when Jed had finished his breakfast Jane would bend low to pick up his plate and ask if he would like anything else to eat or, more tea. She would stay leaning forward speaking slowly and lingered waiting for his answer, giving him more time to look down her front. As the days passed his interest became more and more obvious -- partly because Jane failed to adjust the front of her gown, displaying more.
She sometimes quietly seperated the two halves so her legs were uncovered displaying her upper thighs as she walked around the kitchen. Underneath the gown she now favoured even skimpier lingerie, her tits hardly covered, almost spilling out and visible as the gown billowed open. Jane became excited at the thought of the young student sitting at her table with an erection.
One morning she took things a step further. After making sure she treated him to a really good view she smiled and made a comment.
'You're a naughty boy, Jed -- keep looking down my front!'
The boy froze and looked scared and embarrassed. 'God Mrs Watts -- I'm sorry, honestly!'
Jane knew she had to act quickly to calm him down. Her easy smile helped.
'Good thing I don't mind you looking. I'm not offended, I'm pleased a handsome boy like you, thinks my body is still worth an ogle! She waited a moment to see if he freaked out.
'Erm, you're a very attractive lady Mrs Watts. Hope I haven't offended you saying that.'
'Not at all Jed. So I take it you like what you see, to use a corny old phrase?'
'Well...erm...very much so Mrs Watts.'
'I'm glad you do Jed.' she told him gazing at him with a seductive wicked smirk. 'Perhaps you deserve to see a little more -- an extra naughty treat. That's if you want to?'
Jed stared up at her, an expression of disbelief on his face. Jane now felt extremely excited and aroused. Her fingers took hold of the sash that held her nightgown together then she paused.
'I shouldn't be doing this -- I'm old enough to be your mother.'
Then slowly and calmly she tugged on the sash, untied the front and let her gown fall wide open.
Both woman and boy tingled with sexual excitement. Jane's nightwear was very transparent, a very low cut red shiny top that nowhere near supported her ample tits, while the lower half consisted of a pair of equally transparent high cut loose shorts. The boy sat transfixed slowly running his eyes over her body, up then down repeatedly. He seemed particularly taken with the way the crotch of her shorts clung to her vaginal slit, he saw she shaved her pussy. Every few seconds he lifted his gaze to stare at her erect nipples, very much on show as her breasts were falling from the thin garment. Her tits were not quite totally uncovered -- but Janes aroused state gave her the urge to make a small movement of her fingers to spread the gap wide enough to display to the young lad her naked tits.
'Stand up, Jed, ' she ordered softly. 'Don't be shy, I know your penis must be very hard now. It's okay.'
Reluctantly young Jed rose up. Jane took his hands and placed them on her tits -- then let her right hand fall to feel the bulge in his trousers.
'Shall we see how hard your cock is? Just to prove to me that you really do like what you see!' she giggled.
Almost quivering as the incredible sexual thrill tingled through her body she slowly unzipped the boy's jeans and reached inside to feel his cock, bringing it out to view. She expertly pulled his foreskin back and forth. Jed by now was moving the palms of his hands over the older woman's breasts and fingering her nipples.
'That feels nice,' she cooed, 'We'll have to do this again, when we have more time.' She looked down at the hot erect penis she held in her hand. 'You have a lovely cock, a nice size too. She sighed. 'I'm going to have to let you get ready for college -- pity really.'
She needed to commit one more wicked act. Lowering her body to sit on the dining chair she pulled him closer and opened her mouth to take in the head of his throbbing penis. Masturbating him more rapidly and squeezing harder she sucked hard on the boys young cock until he spilled his semen into her mouth. She heard him gasp and cry out as he failed to hold it back. Greedily Jane licked and drank the cum swallowing every last drop.
Rising to face him but still holding his cock she kissed his neck and whispered to him. 'Next time we will do more and make it last longer. Do you want that?'
He managed to utter a feeble, 'yes'.
'Better go and get ready for college now, Jed. But don't go telling all your friends what we have done, otherwise you will spoil things. Remember, you're very young at 19 and I'm probably older than your mother. We don't want to cause any trouble, do we?'
He shook his head in agreement.
When the boy left the house Jane went to the bedroom and lay down on the bed slipping a hand inside her shorts letting her fingers stimulate her clit as she thought about what she had just done with the young student. She experienced a very powerful orgasm.
Over the next few days Jed remained very quiet and pensive. Barry was on his days off so Jane and the boy were never able to be alone, though she continued her breakfast behaviour of discreetly flashing her tits for Jed -- though actually it was more for the delight of her husband who loved to watch her lascivious behaviour. Jane wanted to pick the right time to update her husband on the progress. One night Jed went out to meet friends so the couple were able to talk openly.
'He seems a bit quiet,' Barry observed, as he told his wife how much he enjoyed finally being able to watch her expose parts of her body to the boy.
'There's a reason for that,' she told him. 'I didn't tell you right away because I was worried you might blow a fuse.'
'What's happened,' he asked worried.
'Well I asked you at the beginning what happens if he wanted more -- or if I did.'
'And? Carry on'
'I pushed things along a few days ago -- I finished up standing in front of him as he sat at the table and fully opened my gown for him.'
'Fucking hell!' Her husband hissed. 'How did he react?'
'He was nervous and froze a bit -- I took the lead -- I was the one who wanted more.'
'What did you do?'
'I finished up getting his cock out then took him in my mouth and sucked him off.'
'In the kitchen?' asked Barry, in amazement.
'Yes, I told him to stand up and unzipped him, put his hands on my tits and gave him a wank. Then I sat on a chair and had him in front of me, gave him a blow job. It was me who wanted more. '
'So you have sucked off a lad that's younger than our son!'
'Okay don't make me feel guilty.'
'Don't want you to feel guilt; you' re a very wicked woman but you've given me the biggest turn on I've ever had!'
Barry unzipped his trousers and took out his cock.
'Come and play with me while you tell me every single detail.'
Later, when Janes' story had made Barry cum twice they relaxed with a drink/'
'Do you want to do even more with him, Jane?'
'Think I might have scared him off.' she said.
'That's not what I asked you, Jane.'
'Okay, yes I would if he wants it and you're fine with it. I just wonder if I can trust him not to tell anyone, you know, brag to his college pals.'
'I'll be disappointed if nothing else happens,' Barry said. 'And no, I won't blow a fuse -- maybe because the turn on I'll get out of it becomes too much for me! I'm glad you want more.'
Jane had begun to wear a different robe while the other was in the wash. It was much shorter and just as silky and slippery. Barry grew an instant erection every time she wore it in front of Jed.. When at last Jane was alone with the boy she asked him if was okay. They had a little chat and Jed finally told her what was on his mind.
'I'm a bit scared your husband will find out. I like it here and want to stay. You're dressing gown is a lot shorter and you show more. Will you not get into trouble with Barry, he's bound to notice?'
'You don't need to worry about that. Barry would have said something by now if it bothered him.' Jane felt it was far too soon to let Jed know her husband already knew what was going on. Secretly she looked forward to when all would be revealed and Barry might be able to watch.
'Jed, do you want me to stop and we'll forget all about it?'
'Well, not really. I enjoyed what we did a lot. It was incredible.'
'So, really, you do want more?'
He nodded.
'Stop worrying. It's very nice and noble of you to consider Barry like you have. But let's say certain married couples have their own way of handling things. Barry might even get turned on himself if he gets to know I've been naughty with you. I can't speak about it now but yes, once I was naughty and when he found out it excited him. Keep that to yourself! No need to worry about Barry. He'll be on night shift soon so we can have more time together of an evening. Now, look at the time, you have to go to college soon. Would you like me to give you a bit of pleasure before you go?'
Jed laughed, 'Yeah 'course I would.'
'Well be a good boy for me and stand up. Take down your trousers.' she sounded like a strict mother.
Jane slipped off her robe to give him something sexy to look at, then walked over to him. She peeled off the top of her baby doll nightie making herself naked from waist upward with not much below that. She took hold of the boys now erect cock and rubbed the head against the silky cloth that covered her slit. Her cunt already felt very wet. Jed was excited and almost breathless. With her spare hand she pulled apart the crotch of her panties so she was able to feel his young dick pressing directly against her clit.
'When Barry goes on nights we can do more exciting things. She speeded up her movements and like the boy began to pant and gasp.
'It feels like you're fucking me!' she hissed. 'Soon I'll be able to let you!'
On hearing Mrs Watt, his landlady, older than his mother use the word 'fucking', then telling him he's going to get the chance, was too much and he tried to fight to stop himself ejaculating.
'Good boy!' She said knowing he was about to explode.
Quickly squatting down and yanking down his underpants she took his delightful cock into her mouth and sucked hard, caressing his ball bag. She knew he was gazing down watching her perform. For his added pleasure, and guessing he had never ever before experienced the sight, she opened her mouth frantically wanking him so he could watch the sticky white stuff shoot out on to her breasts, then on her tongue and into her mouth. He saw how she licked it all to the back of her throat and swallowed every drop.
Almost in an unintended comical way he spluttered. 'Oh Mrs Watts, that was bloody fantastic!'
She hurried him off to college, fussing like a mother would her son.
Later Jane used her dildo, thinking about the day when she and the boy would fuck. She wondered whether he would be inclined to try out some of her kinky ideas.
During a long conversation with her husband, after she told him about the second episode with Jed and once again sucked his cock, she then had to relate the story until he had heard every detail. She told him about Jeds concerns and suggested he could help calm the boys fears. From then on. Jane started to wear shorter skirts and more revealing tops. Barry made a point of telling her, in front of Jed, how sexy she looked.
'She wears sexy clothes because you're here Jed. She loves being admired - still a teenager in her head. Mind you, I'm sure you'll agree she does look good for a woman in her forties. Don't you think so?'
Jed felt obliged to answer in the afirmative, feeling a little odd at agreeing with a such an older man that his wife looked sexy and attractive. It's good that you've come to stay with us Jed, Jane is enjoying having you here, paying her attention. By the way, don't you think she has really good legs? Jed got the message that it was okay to be seen to eye up his landlady. Barry, with Jane's knowledge, knocked on Jed's bedroom door one evening and threw in a couple of hard core porn magazines.
'Thought you might like to look at these Jed, got more if you want to borrow them. There's one model that resembles my wife -- see if you can spot which one I mean.'
Barry began his stint of night shifts. He felt very excited knowing his wife planned to take her sexual involvement with their young lodger to a new level. They had discussed the issue.
'When I'm alone with him -- and you're on nights -- there's no telling how far I'll be tempted to go.'
'It's obvious how far you want to take this.' Barry said. 'You want his cock inside you -- you want to fuck him!'
'But that is crossing a line, more than the sexy flirting and fondling we first talked about. How will that affect you if I did start fucking him -- if I did it once I'd want his cock inside me again -- I know I would.'
Barry unzipped his trousers and took out his very erect penis. 'Thats how it would effect me!' he said. 'Just thinking about the possibility of you fucking the boy gives me an incredible turn on. You can fuck him with my blessing -- just make sure you tell me all about it,'
Jane went to him and knelt down taking her husbands dick deep into her mouth.
'Is this how you sucked Jed?' he asked, quietly.
She paused long enough to answer him, 'Yes, and swallowed all his cum.'
Over the next six weeks the couple upped the anti, as they say. Now well into summer and warmer weather, Jane wore lighter outfits, shorter skirts anf more revealing tops parading about in front of Jed while her husband was in the same room. Barry often told his wife she looked sexy and asked Jed if he agreed, insisting on an answer and making him feel compelled to remark on her outfits.
'Show him the new undies you have on!' Barry urged her one night. Jane protested for effect then raised her skirt slowly for Jed to feast his eyes on her very brief panties and stocking tops. One evening Barry sat next to Jed and pulled some photographs from an envelope - pictures of his wife, dressed in very sexy items, some showed her topless and in three her pussy was quite visible through see-though silk or lace. Jed felt very surprised the man was willing to show him such explicit pictures of his wife. One by one he handed them to the boy, commenting on each. When Jed had seen them all Barry replaced them back in the envelope and placed it on the boys knee.
'Hang on to them -- take them to your room and look at them at your leisure.'
When Jed told Jane about it she just smiled nonchalantly and said: 'See, told you he's okay with seeing me be naughty!'
When one night they sat watching TV, Barry complained of being bored and suggested they do something a bit more interesting and exciting -- watch a porn movie. Jane had been for a shower and wore little under her robe, her tits swinging free. As Barry sat in the armchair he told Jane to sit on the couch with Jed, who sat silently wondering if it was a good idea.
It was inevitable that all would feel aroused as they watched the action, helped along by Barry pouring generous amounts of alcohol. Jane noticed her husband's hand stroke over the bulge in his groin -- so did Jed. Slowly and gradually Jane snuggled closer to the boy and let her own hand wander to feel his erect penis, making him feel very nervous about being seen. Barry paused the film, rose and went into the kitchen. Almost immdediately Jane threw her body over the boy and pinned him to the couch thrusting her tongue into his mouth and leaving him unable to stop her unzipping his jeans and slipping her hand inside his pants.
Panicking, when Jed heard Barry returning to the room he felt fear and tried to push Jane off but unable to shift her weight plus the fact she grabbed both his wrists holding his arms above his head, she carried on covering his mouth, pinning him to the couch. Expecting to hear the wrath of Barry as he pulled his wife off, Jed instead became very aware nothing of the sort was about to happen as Barry had returned quietly to his seat.
'Ah!, She wants a kiss!' Jed heard Barry state calmly 'No probs! I'll leave the film paused so you don't miss any of the action.'
Frozen with disbelief, Jed remained still while Jane carried on passionately kissing him, now using one forearm to restrict movement of his arms while the other dropped and her hand slid back inside the open flyhole of his jeans. Surely, he thought, Barry was bound to notice the up and down movement of her arm as she held his cock and rhythmically pulled on the foreskin! Jed felt even more astounded when he lowered his gaze and just about managed to notice that both of Jane's breasts had worked free from the confines of her robe. Surely he reasoned, she must be displaying her almost bare arse. When Jane moved her mouth to kiss the boy's neck he saw her robe fully opened and Barry clearly masturbating his cock as he watched them wearing a smirk on his face. The boy was astounded when Jane rose up squatting over his lap and brazzenly fed her left nipple up toward his mouth.
'Suck it!' she ordered. He did as he was told.
When Jed felt a dampness on the tip of his penis he knew that Jane wasn't wearing panties, her hand deftly worked his cock up into her cunt. Now, in full view of her husband, she proceeded to rock her body back and forth, fucking the youth like there was no tomorrow.
'Who needs a porn film when you can watch this!' Jed heard Barry exclaim.
The husband did some heavy breathing as he enjoyed the show, slowly wanking his cock, careful not to get too excited and cum too soon. Jane too felt incredibly aroused performing in front of her husband. Jed had stopped resisting and now found himself hoping he would not shoot his load too soon. All the movement caused Jane's tit to free itself from the boys mouth so he simply watched both bare breasts bounce to and fro. Every minute or so Jane would stop, requesting that the young boy should suck and nibble her very erect nipples. Then she would increase the intensity of her thrusting, fucking the boy for all she was worth, until the couple and the watching husband cried out in sexual joy.
When their lustful appetites were sated, Jane slipped off the students cock and gave her husband a wicked smile. 'Did you enjoy watching that?' she asked, already knowing the answer.
Jed found it hard to get his head around this amazing episode and avoided seeking a discussion or explanation from the couple. A few nights later he heard the couple come up to bed. A few minutes later his door opened and Jane entered his bedroom, her cunt on show. She had come for sex -- but after getting him to strip off the bottom half of his pj's, instead of them lying on the bed she took his hand and pulled him toward the door.
'Come on -- we're not doing it here.' Jed looked confused. 'He wants to watch.' She led the boy to the main bedroom. Her husband was sat in a corner, naked, holding his erect cock, waiting to watch his wife, once again, fuck the boy.
The following few weeks that led to the end of term passed in a haze of sexual intensity. Jed was out more with friends and had even found himself a girlfriend. But every now and then Jane would come to his bedroom, either to fuck him on his bed or lead him back downstairs or to her own bedroom where her husband could watch the action. Another difference was in the way she wanted to perform. That started one night when they were all in the living room and Jane mentioned she had bought a new skirt but thought it far too short. Barry told her to go and put it on so they could give an opinion.
It proved to be really short. 'If you bend over in that you'll show your knickers to all and sundry!' Barry told her.
'Is it that short?'
'Bend over and we'll see.'
Jane faced away from them and bent almost straight legged. She wore no panties. Barry told her to stay put then exposed her backside even more pulling the skirt over his hips.
'What do think of that Jed? ' he asked, with a lewd expression. Jane simply stayed still.
'Shame to waste and opportunity -- what do you reckon Jed?'
Barry took out his cock slapping each cheek of his wife's posterior. 'Come and give her a spanking Jed.' Reluctantly he rose and both men slapped her arse. Barry then took his wife from behind gripping her hips. Jed declined the invitation to do the same. No longer was it about him enjoying sex with an older woman -- now it was all about pleasing Barry.
Summer holidays came round and Jed informed his landlady that in the Autumn he and four others were going to share a house, one of them being a girl he had grown fond of. Jane understood but when he said they could meet up occasionally Jane shook her head. 'No, Jed, when you go from here, that's it. We have had some good sexy fun, but now it's time for us all to move on. Do what students your age should be doing.'
She had no intention of being used as a convenient shag for a randy student, coming and going when he wished.
They all parted company amicably. Jane wondered whether or not to advertise for a new lodger - and hopefully, enjoy the pleasure a different young cock.