I smiled as Greg pushed his chair back and eased the erection that was threatening to burst open the fastenings of his jeans into a more comfortable position. He smiled up at me as he looked at the computer screen. "Wow, that Lady Grey, how does she do it? It's just one good story after another."
I leaned over and ran my hand along his hard cock. "She certainly does things for you," I said, smiling at him as I watched as he posted a vote of ten and dropped her a short note thanking her for her latest submission. We had just finished reading the latest submission by Lady Grey, our number one favorite author on Erotic Stories.com.
"I wonder if Laura has actually done some of these things she writes about?"
I shrugged. "I guess she must have," I said. "If not, how could she know so much about being a slut wife? How could she so intimately describe every detail and feeling?"
I knew he especially liked the slut wife stories. They really turned him on, and I often wondered if he thought about me being that way. Would he really like to see me naked in front of strangers, or maybe even going as far as actually having sex with other men? God, just the thought of it made an exciting shiver go through my body
He shut down the computer and we made our way through to the bedroom. "I'll just shower off, darling," he said, opening the bathroom door and moving inside. I started to slowly undress and slipped naked into bed. When he returned, he got in beside me and we cuddled up together. I knew he was feeling horny; he always was after reading the stories on Erotica. I smiled and pressed myself up against him.
I felt his hand run over the smooth curve of my bottom and then down between my legs. I groaned and parted my thighs, allowing him access to the warm dampness of my pussy. His fingers slid into me and I groaned again, rolling over onto my back. I reached down and my hand encircled the thickness of his hard cock. "I hope this is all for me," I said with a grin, licking my tongue wetly over my lips.
He eased himself on top of me and I spread my legs to accommodate him. I rubbed the head of his cock up against the lips of my pussy, opening it up, and he gently eased himself inside. I wrapped my legs around him and clung to him tightly, my finger nails digging into his back. I could feel my hard nipples rubbing against his chest as he drove himself deep into my welcoming body.
I loved sex with Greg. He was such a good lover, and we usually managed it most nights, and quite often again in the mornings when we awoke. He was a wonderful husband. He completely satisfied my sexual needs, and I loved him for it. I would do anything he asked of me, anything at all for my wonderful lover.
*****
The following evening just after dinner we sat relaxing in the lounge, the CD player playing softly. Greg was reading the sports page of the evening paper and I was reading the latest copy of 'Heat' magazine, a popular favorite of mine. I suddenly stopped reading and looked across at Greg. "It says here that 85% of the men interviewed in this survey fantasized about seeing their wife with another man." Greg looked up from his paper with a slight smile on his face. "Do you believe that's right?" I asked.
Greg shrugged. "If it says so in there, it must be right," he said with a grin.
I looked at him. "Would you like to see me with another man?" I asked softly. I could see he was taken aback for a moment. He wasn't sure what to say. "You would, wouldn't you? I can read you like a book," I smiled. I put the magazine down and went over and sat beside him. I wrapped my arm around his neck and kissed him on the cheek. "Would you really like to watch another man fuck me, darling?"
I could see that he was slightly embarrassed and not quite sure just what to say. Then he shook his head. "I don't know. It's hard to say. It's just that I have this fantasy."
I wrapped my arms around him and hugged him. "Greg, my darling, you know I'll do anything for you, but I want you to be really sure about this." I paused looking at him. "I will do it for you if you want me to, but you'll have to help me."
He turned to me and our lips met in a hot, hungry kiss. Then suddenly we were tearing at each other's clothes. My skirt was up around my waist and he just ripped my panties off, destroying them completely. In the meantime, I was working franticly to loosen his belt, and at last managed to extract his already hard cock. Then I lay back on the sofa, legs spread wide, and with a strangled cry, he was thrusting into me. We screwed like two rutting animals until with a cry, we came almost in unison.
Afterwards, we lay breathless in each other's arms. "Are you really going to let another man fuck me?" I asked.
"You mean you would do it?"
I shrugged. "I suppose it could be fun. It's a really interesting idea, and if you don't find it a problem, seeing me with another guy--- but then you know it's you I really love, the other guys, whoever they are, would mean nothing to me although I guess I would enjoy the sex, and if you would get a kick out of it as well, then let's give it a go."
I don't think Greg could believe what he was hearing from me. Here was his wonderful wife actually agreeing to have sex with another guy while he watched them. Over the next few nights we started to make plans; the where, the how, and most importantly, the who. Just planning the adventure increased our sexual appetite for each other. Each night turned into a sexual marathon, usually starting downstairs on the rug or the sofa and finishing in the bedroom, usually via the bathroom, and lasting long into the night.
At last the plans were in place. The first who, it was decided, would be Greg's best friend and business partner, John Preston. We both agreed he was the perfect choice. Greg knew he had always fancied me, and had even expressed his interests to me, jokingly I must say. So I fully agreed that John was a good first choice. So we decided that Greg should arrange it for him to come over for a meal on Friday evening, just two days from now.
"You're sure you still want to go ahead with this?" Greg asked, as we lay together in bed having just had a wonderful bout of sex. I could see he was still a little concerned about the practicality of the whole idea.
I smiled and kissed him lightly on the cheek. "You bet," I said with some enthusiasm. "I've wondered for a long time what your friend John was hiding from me in his pants."
Greg shook his head and returned my smile. "I can't really believe you're saying that. I would never have believed you'd ever go along with a thing like this."
I leaned over and kissed him. "Maybe I've always been a closet slut," I said with a big smile.
The following night Greg came home and told me that everything was fixed up with John for Friday. After dinner we were sitting in the lounge when I suddenly looked over at Greg. "I know we've already set this thing up for tomorrow, but I was just wondering when the time came what would happen if I decided that I could not actually go through with it?"
Greg looked at me alarmed. I smiled. "No, don't panic darling. I'm not going to back out now, but don't you think it would be a good idea to try something else a little easier before we get to the big one?"
"How do you mean?"
I looked across at him. "Well, I imagine it's going to be pretty exciting showing myself off in front of John, but I don't want to spoil things on the night. I really want to be sure I can go through with it. I was just thinking maybe we could have a practice run."
"Have you something in mind?"
I smiled. "Well, you know the other night we ordered a pizza from that little place down the road?" Greg nodded. "And if you remember, I told you at the time it was delivered by this rather dishy student?"
Greg looked at me and shook his head. "No, no, I'm not sure I want some young student fucking you; we don't know who he is."
I smiled and shook my head. "No darling, I wasn't thinking about him fucking me, although the idea does have some appeal," I said cheekily, "but what I thought was if we ordered a pizza and it was the same guy, I might open the door to him wearing something sexy, just flash him, you know just to get the feel of things."
Greg grinned. "You're really getting into this, aren't you?"
I smiled and nodded. "I'm so hot darling, just thinking about it. I just can't wait for tomorrow night. I want to do something now."
"Okay, I'm willing to give it a go," he said. I could see the idea excited him, and he was at last realizing his fantasy and getting a chance to see his wife flashing her body off to a total stranger. "You go and get into something sexy and I'll order the pizza." He picked up the phone. "Do you want Ham and pineapple with a stuffed crust?" he asked.
I smiled, "The stuffed crust sounds interesting," I said with a grin.
I made my way upstairs as I heard Greg ring in the order. "Fifteen to twenty minutes," Greg said before he put the phone down. "That will be fine."
I went up to our bedroom and undressed completely before slipping into a long silk negligee. I tied the belt loosely before going back downstairs. In the lounge Greg had moved one of the arm chairs around so that he could clearly see the front door but not be seen by any one who was standing there. Greg smiled when he saw the revealing negligee I had decided to wear. I noticed him staring and looked down to see the points of my nipples already showing clearly as they pressed against the thin material.
He smiled. "You look fantastic." He came over to where I was standing and ran his hand suggestively over my breasts.
I shivered and pulled away. "Don't do that, Greg. I'm feeling hot enough already. You'll have me cumming before he gets here."
He grinned. "There's just one thing. What if it's not the young guy, but maybe some dirty old pervert?"
I shrugged. "Well, I will just have to give him a thrill, and anyway, I have you here to protect me."
As we waited for the pizza guy to show up, I could see Greg was excited about what was going to happen, and I must admit that now the time had actually come, I was having a few slight second thoughts about the whole thing. Could I actually stand there and expose myself to the pizza guy? We both jumped as suddenly the bell rang. I smiled at Greg and pulled the belt on the negligee undone and then held it together with my hands. The bell rang again. I walked quickly to the door and opened it. I smiled at the pizza guy. Luckily it was the same young guy who had delivered before. "Sorry," I smiled at him, "I was just getting out of the shower."
I saw the guys eyes focused on the imprint of my nipples on the negligee. "That's okay," he said, "I didn't want it to get cold." I was holding the negligee together with one hand and I had my purse in the other.
"How much do I owe you?" I asked.
"That's 4.99 and 1.50 for the delivery charge," the guy said without dragging his eyes away from the firm swell of my breasts. He held out the pizza and I fumbled with my purse, and then I dropped it and it fell to the floor, spilling the contents. I bent down to retrieve it and at that moment I let go of the negligee, and as I expected, it fell open. The expression on the guy's face was a picture as I knew at that moment my naked body was exposed to him. He bent down and joined me as I scrabbled for the coins that were scattered around the floor. I knew that now as I squatted in front of him on the floor that he was getting a clear view of my exposed pussy.
I mumbled an apology and tried unsuccessfully to pull the negligee together as we scrabbled on the floor. At last I managed to pull things together and handed him the cash. He looked at me in a daze for a moment. I don't think he really believed what he had just seen. He took the cash from me and held out the pizza. I reached out to take it from him. It was too big for me to hold in one hand so I had to release the negligee again. Obligingly it fell open, giving him a second look at my naked body. I smiled at the dazed guy as I eased the door closed with my foot. I could see him still standing there looking at the closed door. I guess he was hoping I might open it.
On shaking legs, I walked through to the kitchen and placed the Pizza on the table. Then my hand went down to my pussy and I was not surprised to find it warm and wet. I was still rubbing my finger over it when Greg came in. Immediately I noticed a large erection tenting his pants.
"God, that was so unbelievably exciting," he said. "I can't believe you actually did it."
I smiled at him. "Just look at that," I said holding out my hand slick with my juices. "I'm dripping already."
Greg looked at the wetness on my fingers. He moved over to me unfastening his pants as he came. He lifted me up and sat me on the unit. I spread my legs and he moved between them, his already dripping cock gripped in his hand. It was no effort for him to slide into the warm wetness of my pussy. I leaned back on the unit and squeezed his cock tightly. He groaned. Then he pushed the wrap off my shoulders, exposing my breasts. With one hand wrapped around my body, he pulled me towards him while he caressed my aching breasts with the other, tugging painfully on my extended nipples. I gripped onto him and cried out for more as he pumped into my willing body. If a two minute flash to the delivery guy got me into this state, what was I going to be like after tomorrow night's little event?
The following evening while I prepared the meal, I had told Greg to call in with John at his local pub for a drink. We needed to get John in a receptive mood for what was to come later, and maybe Greg could sow a few seeds in his mind. I knew this would not be too much of a problem as John had always thought Greg had been a bit of a lucky guy to meet up with such an attractive beauty as me. We had decided that Greg should confide in John and let slip some rather intimate details about our sex life, and reveal to John the problems he was having coping with my insatiable appetite for sex. Hopefully, if things went well, by the time they finally arrived back at our place John would be thinking that if only he had such problems as a sexually insatiable and beautiful wife, and what a lucky bastard his old friend was. I smiled as I met the two men at the door. I could see that the first part of our plan had worked well and John seemed to be in a very relaxed mood as I greeted him with a hug and a kiss.
We had devised the plan for the evening with some thought, even to deciding on what I should wear. My skirt, one of Alex's favorites, a long velvet wrap over, fastened with one button at the waist. Positioned correctly on my waist it parted easily to display my long legs as I walked. I had selected a tight white button through lamb's wool top. I had left it unbuttoned low enough to expose a deep attractive cleavage. I knew that my light support bra did little to conceal the prominent shape of the nipples pressing up against the thin wool of the top.
I led the two men through to the lounge and quickly produced three large glasses of wine, and after a short chat, I excused myself to go and look to the meal. I could feel John's eyes on me as I made my way through to the kitchen. We ate as planned in the kitchen diner, and I kept up a witty and slightly sexual conversation with John while Greg kept him supplied with drink. I had told him to be careful as I didn't want him to overdo things and spoil everything. During the meal, I flirted openly with John, and every time I got up to serve another course, I made sure that when I placed the plate in front of him I bent over low enough to give him an enticing glimpse down my jumper.
By the time coffee was served, together with large brandies, I could feel that the scene was set, and I was feeling excited about what was about to happen. I got up from the table. "I'm just going to clean these things away and fill the dishwasher," I said. "Then we can all go and relax in comfort."
The two men were still seated at the table and I could feel their eyes on me as I bent over to load the pots into the dishwasher. "Don't you think my wife's got the most delightful arse?" I heard Greg comment. I could feel a slight tension in the air, as I squatted down in front of the dishwasher and the wrap over skirt parted and displayed quite a lot of my long stocking clad legs. "And what about those legs? I love women with long legs," Greg commented.
I looked around at the two of them and smiled. "He's got a thing about my legs," I said.
"Wouldn't you if you had a wife with legs like that?" Greg asked. John nodded uncertainly. "Just open your skirt up a little, darling, and show him."
I played my part well pretending to be a little embarrassed, but I stood up and eased open my skirt just enough to display the dark lacy bands at the tops of my stockings. I could see the look on John's face as I stood there holding my skirt apart. I guess he was beginning to think all his birthdays had come at once. I knew that he had fancied me for some time and tonight he was not too sure where things were going. Greg came over and stood beside me. He put his arm around my shoulders and hugged me. Then he leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. I could feel he was trembling as he gently squeezed me.
He looked at me, then at John. "I think it might be nice if we showed our friend John just how attractive you really are." I stared at him pretending to be a little shocked. I don't think John could actually believe what he was hearing. The drink had worked on him, but he was still not too sure what was going on. Then to his surprise and delight, Greg reached around and undid the one button that held the skirt around my waist. Like a matador, he whisked the skirt away and revealed to John my brief black thong and the slim black straps of my suspenders that trailed down across my white thighs and clipped onto my stockings. I saw John gasp.
By this time, I was already beginning to feel hot and horny, and I could feel my juices seeping into the thin band of my thong. Greg reached behind and lovingly ran his hand over the firm twin curves of my bottom. John was just staring in amazement, unable to take his eyes off the scene that was unfolding before him.
I felt completely wanton standing there with John looking at me. I knew my black lace thong concealed very little. Greg looked at me, then smiled as he slowly began one by one to undo the buttons of my jumper. When the buttons were open, he eased the jumper apart exposing my matching black bra. With one hand, he gently caressed my lace clad breast. John watched intently as Greg squeezed my breast. I was right into the swim of things by now, and it was turning out to be incredibly exciting as Greg slowly stripped me while John sat at the table and watched.
Greg eased my jumper off my shoulders and I was left with just two brief items of clothing, apart from my stockings and suspenders of course. I was by now in a state of high excitement. My earlier experience with the pizza man was nothing compared to this. This time it was no accident. Here I was deliberately being stripped naked by my own husband while his best friend looked on, and if everything went to plan, I knew what was to follow. Just the thought of it was causing me to leak profusely. I dearly wanted to touch myself, but tonight that was not in the rules of the game.
My excitement mounted as I felt Greg's fingers expertly unclasping my bra. I felt it fall free and slide down my arms exposing my breasts to John's stares. Greg cupped one of my bare breasts and squeezed it tenderly. I saw him smile to himself, I guess because my nipples were already like bullets.
Apart from my suspender belt and stockings, my brief thong was the only item left. Greg smiled over at John, then reached down, and gripping the thin waist band of my thong, (I couldn't believe the thrill I felt) he peeled away that last damp item of clothing from my body and revealed everything. The aroma of sex was almost over powering. I knew the small item of black lace he was still holding was soaking wet, drenched in my juices. He bent down and I gently lifted one foot at a time and allowed the last item to be slipped from my body.
He leaned forward and kissed me tenderly. Then he stood beside me proudly displaying me to his friend. I could see the hunger in John's eyes as he looked with excitement at my naked body. I smiled slightly as I saw him attempt to adjust the pressure that was obviously building up in his pants. Greg gripped my shoulders. "My wife," he said in an awed voice. "Isn't she just beautiful?"
John nodded silently, his eyes never leaving my body. I smiled nervously at John, who still could not believe what was happening. "My God, Greg, you're a lucky bastard. She is so incredibly beautiful," he gasped at last.
Greg took hold of my hand and led me towards the still gaping John. I felt my unrestrained breasts move slightly with the flowing movement of my body. "Let's all go through into the lounge. We can be more comfortable there." John rose from the table and followed us meekly. In the lounge, I had already set the scene. The lights were low, perfumed candles were scattered around the room filling the air with an intoxicating aroma, and soft sensual music was playing on the hi-fi.
It felt incredibly exciting to be naked in the presence of the two men and I moved with confidence. I went over and sat down on the long sofa and smiled up at the two of them. Then I patted the sofa on either side of me. "Would you two gentlemen like to join me?" They didn't need a second invitation and quickly positioned themselves on either side of me. I smiled at Greg, then turned to John who still seemed in a state of awe over the whole thing. I took him in my arms and kissed him tenderly, holding him against my naked body. At first he seemed stunned, and then he began to respond, his tongue slipping into my mouth and wrestling with mine.
I at last pulled away and looked at him. "I know you have always fancied me," I said. "Well, tonight is your chance; my body is yours for the evening." I took his hand and drew it up to my breast. At first he just rested it against the warm firm flesh. Then slowly he started caressing me. I looked around at Greg. He was smiling as he watched his friend caress my breast. I let him enjoy himself for a moment, then I moved myself around so that I was in a position to lay my head on Greg's lap and drape my legs over John's. I saw the two guys exchange glances as they looked down at my naked body laid out before them. Greg smiled at his friend and then gently began to caress my breasts. I saw that John was still hesitant, not sure about what to do. I could already feel the hardness of two erections pressing against my body. I smiled. I reached for John's hand and pressed it against my warm, damp pussy lips. I looked up at him. "Please," I mouthed, closing my eyes and parting my legs.
How could he refuse such an appeal? I squirmed in delight as his hand began to explore my damp thighs, and then I groaned, clutching tightly on to the cushions of the sofa as he ran his finger slowly up my between my outer lips. Then to my delight, he expertly exposed the hard nub of my clit and began to rotate it gently with his finger. I groaned even louder as I felt his fingers slip inside me, and I clenched my hands even tighter.
I knew by Greg's actions that he too was becoming more and more excited. Things were going even better than we had ever imagined. As he worked on my breasts and nipples, he watched John exploring the delights of my pussy. I knew it must be exciting him to see his friend's fingers dipping into me, and I guessed he could tell from my reactions that I was totally enjoying the whole experience. Suddenly I cried out and gripped John's hand, pressing it hard against my pussy. My body writhed on their laps as I experienced that first wonderful orgasm. I relaxed for a moment, and then looked up at them smiling contentedly. I looked up at Greg, "Are you going to let John fuck me now?"
I could see John was startled to hear my request, but Greg smiled at me. "If that's what you want, my darling. I'm sure he won't refuse such an offer."
I eased myself up into a sitting position; and wound my arms around John's neck. I kissed him hungrily. "Would you like to fuck little Carla?" I asked in a childlike voice.
I saw him look over towards Greg, who smiled and nodded. "Go ahead, my friend, she really wants to feel you inside her," he said quietly.
I didn't wait for him to ask, but I began to pull at John's belt. Soon I had it undone, and with some effort, his pants were down enough for me to extract his cock. It was everything I was hoping for, red and angry, the dark purple head already slick with pre-cum. Greg moved to the end of the sofa to give us room and to be in a good position to see what was going on. I got up and straddled John's lap and rubbed my wet pussy up against his cock. I raised myself and with a little help from John, I impaled myself on his rampant tool.
The expression on Greg's face was wonderful to see as he watched his best friend's cock slide deep into my willing pussy. I smiled at him and mouthed him a kiss as I wrapped my arms around John's neck and began to work myself up and down on his shaft. Soon the pair of us were gasping with our exertions, while next to us, I was not surprised to see that Greg had his own cock out and was stroking along its length as he watched us fuck. I could feel my breasts bouncing and my erect nipples were sending exciting waves of pleasure through my body as they rubbed against John's shirt front. The whole scene was now way beyond our wildest expectations. Suddenly, I screamed loudly and my body went rigid. Then with a groan, I collapsed onto John's lap, kissing him wildly.
We both fell back on the sofa breathing heavily. After a while I eased myself up off John's lap. I could feel the juices oozing from my pussy and running down my thighs as I moved over to where Greg was sitting watching our performance. I gently removed his hands from his cock. "Can I help you with that, my darling?" I smiled and kissed him. Then I began to work on him urgently. As my slim fingers slid up and down his shaft I leaned forward. "I really enjoyed that, my darling. John has a wonderful cock," I leaned forward and whispered in his ear. "Did you enjoy the show?"
Greg nodded, and then he suddenly began gasping as I began pumping him furiously. With a cry, he suddenly came, and thick spurts of creamy white juices splashed over my hands. Greg reached out and pulled me tightly against himself, hungrily kissing me. "Thank you, thank you," he repeated
When we finally pulled away, I lay curled up beside him, contentedly licking the juices from my fingers. We looked over to where John was sitting watching us. He smiled. "I always said you two were a wonderful couple. Carla is so incredible. She's beautiful with a wonderful, amazing body and so completely uninhibited." I turned and smiled at him. I stretched out a long shapely stocking clad leg and rubbed it against his thigh. He knew he could see the pink wetness of my pussy still slick with our juices.
"I hope you're feeling rested," I said to him with a slight grin, "because I've got a pussy that's feeling hungry again. She wants more cream."
I slid off the sofa and stood in front of John. I pulled him to his feet. His pants slid down his legs and he stood there. I unfastened his shirt. I saw Greg watching me, a slight smile on his face as I stripped his friend naked. Then I ran my hands over his firm chest and leaned forward and licked his nipples. I could feel John's erection pushing against my thigh. I leaned over and whispered in his ear. "I want to feel both of you in me this time." John looked over at his friend and smiled as he nodded.
We moved over to where Greg was seated and I went down on my knees in front of him. I looked up at him lovingly as I took his already hardening cock in my hand. I leaned forward and rubbed the head of it over my lips. Greg gasped as I opened my mouth and drew it into the warm enveloping wetness.
I guessed John knew what I wanted him to do for I felt him position himself behind me. His hard cock pressed against my bottom. He ran his hands between my wet thighs and I parted them invitingly. I felt the wonderful sensation of his cock rubbing up against my pussy lips. I felt them part easily and with a groan, he slid slowly into my tight passage. John gripped my thighs and soon the three of us were working in unison. Greg and John were facing each other and I knew that Greg would have a perfect view of his friend thrusting himself into my body. I smiled to myself at the thought, and then took him even deeper into my throat as I heard him speak to his friend. "I hope you have enjoyed your evening with us. We must all do it again sometime." Between hungry mouthfuls, I agreed heartily.