All fantasy
*****
Sunday afternoon, mom & I headed to the Browns for a swim. Jane greeted us each with a hug as she led us in. "Oh you two in those little dresses again."
We smiled.
Jane told mom, "the Dress shop didn't have any when I went to get one."
"I'm sorry to hear that," mom said.
"So Ed is out Golfing this afternoon? mom asked.
"Oh yes. He keeps the same Tee time every Sunday."
"Well, I guess that can be good or bad, depends on your needs," mom said.
Jane led us to the pool and we all pulled our dresses off.
Mom asked, "so what has Jake been up to"
"Oh, he just hangs with his friends."
"Any chance He'll join us?" mom asked?
"Well, he actually showed some interest," as she looked over at me.
Then she looked at mom and said, "He didn't know if it would be alright with you here. He's somewhat shy about swimming with his mom like this, and now with you two here, I doubt he will."
Mom said, "it's fine with me. I'd be pleased to have him join us, "
Jane looked at me, "would you like to invite him, you've had more success than I have."
I smiled, "sure."
"You know where His room is at the end of the hall."
"Yeah, thanks."
I was already naked and headed for Jake's room. <>
As I walked away, Jane had said to Mom. "She is quite the confident one. Very mature for her age. Look, there she goes, naked and walking into my house to my son's bedroom, and look at us, we're watching her go. Is there something wrong with us?" Jane said.
Mom just smiled.
I headed into the house and down the hall to Jake's room. It felt strange this time, walking into someone else's home naked. I knocked and heard Jake say, "come in."
I opened the door and his eyes went wide seeing me standing in his doorway naked.
"Wow, what's up?" He asked.
"Well, you should know. How about you coming out for a swim?"
He smiled. "It's OK with your mom?"
"Oh sure. If you can handle being naked with 3 women," I said smiling.
"This will be weird," he said. "Getting naked with my mom and you was awkward, and now your mother too!"
"She'd be happy to see you."
"Is that me or my dick," he asked with a smile.
"Well, you could ask her if you like."
"They're waiting for us."
Jake got up and pulled off his shirt and shorts. He was showing signs of being aroused. We started out as he grabbed a towel and wrapped it around himself.
We got in the pool without drawing much attention to ourselves. Mom then looked at Jake and greeted him and told him she was happy he joined us. He returned the greeting.
We all swam and made small talk. Mom talked some with Jake and I talked with Jane. A short time later, our moms got out to lay in the sun. This would be the first time Jake saw my mom naked outside the pool.
I noticed he kept taking glances at them as they applied lotion and were now laying on their backs with full frontal exposure. He had an unobstructed view of them which seemed to keep his attention.
Seeing they had his attention, I was curious if he had some excitement and swam past him under water to have a look. After getting a good look, I moved over in front of him and quietly asked, "are you getting off looking at our moms?"
"Wa wa...," he tried to say something.
"I see you're hard, and you had a hand on your dick." I gave him a big smile.
"ooh, I aa..."
"You like looking, don't you?" He kinda smiled.
"Wanna look at me?" As I leaned at the edge of the pool and let my legs float out in front of me. Jake was watching me now. I slowly spread my legs so he could see more of me. He smiled.
I lowered myself back into the water, and quietly said, "touch yourself again."
"What?"
"Do it some more."
"What's that?" he asked.
"Look what I'm doing." I had put a hand on my pussy as was slowly rubbing myself.
He looked at what I was doing and grinned.
"Put your hand back on yourself and do what you were doing."
He slowly grabbed himself again and started stroking as I watched.
Seeing Jake do that was getting me excited.
I looked Jake in the eye, and said, "look at me, watch me"
He looked at what I was doing and smiled. Here we were, both masturbating with our moms just a short distance away. I had a hand on a tit and one on my pussy. We were both making little noises and breathing a little heavier. It wasn't long and he made a couple of rigorous strokes and I saw his body shake.
I smiled and had my own orgasm shortly after. We looked at each other and just grinned.
"I can't believe we just did that," he whispered.
"Are we naughty or what?" I asked.
"It was definitely hot," he said quietly.
He was breathing quickly and I could tell he was trying to be quiet, so I swam away as he got him self going again. I had gone over to the steps and sat.
Jake had started swimming around again. I saw him swimming under water towards me, so I opened my legs as he approached, giving him a good view of my pussy. He came up with a smile on his face seeing what I had done.
I looked at him and quietly said, "Like what you see?"
"Love it." he said smiling.
It wasn't long after that, that our moms came back in the pool. Jake looked as though he was really checking mom out as she entered the pool. We had more visit time before we had to leave. We all got out together and toweled off with plenty of small talk. It was nice to see Jake standing there naked with us as Mom and I slipped our dresses back on.
Jane said to Jake, "aren't those dresses nice?"
Jake nodded as he just stood there naked, then walked with us all to the door before he said bye and went off to his room.
Jane gave us each a hug and we left.
On the way home, Mom asked, "so is Jake someone special for you?"
"You mean like Boyfriend?"
"That's what I'm asking."
"No. Just a good friend."
"Well, he is a handsome young man, or should I say hunk?"
We both smiled and giggled.
"I almost thought he was checking me out as I walked into the pool," Mom said.
"Well, why not mom. You're attractive!"
She smiled, "thanks Hun."
I sent Jake an email that afternoon asking him to come over and skinny dip with us girls, and the following day with just me. He was good with it.
Jake came before the girls arrived. I didn't tell them he was going to join us today.
When I greeted him at the door, he smiled and said, "you're true to your word, home alone and naked."
"You got that right bud, and you're over dressed, now lets get you naked too," as I led him to my room.
"The girls don't know you're going to be here today. So I can't wait to greet them at the door with you standing beside me.
Jake smiled.
"So bud, you're busted."
"What did I do?" He asked.
"Mom saw you checking her out, or at least she thought you were. I told her, why wouldn't he look, you're very attractive."
Jake said, "you're mom is very attractive."
"The good thing is, she likes you."
Jake smiled. "I like her too. She was real cool when we were talking yesterday. She's easy to talk to and get along with."
We heard a knock at the door
We went to the door together, I looked at Jake, "would you put your arm around me?"
He looked at me, "will you be my girlfriend?"
I nodded and smiled as we gave each other a quick hug.
With Jake's arm around me, and my arm around Jake, I opened the door to greet the girls.
When the girls saw us together they went wide eyed followed with big smiles.
"Good morning lady's, this is my boyfriend Jake, would you like to go skinny dipping with us?"
The girls had looked him over and we all laughed.
"We'd love to go skinny dipping with you," they said grinning.
The girls came in and we all headed to my room.
Sue looked at me, boyfriend.
I smiled and gave Jake a squeeze.
"I'm jealous," she said.
"Maybe I'll share."
"Hey girls, we'll be out back," I said.
"Well why? doesn't Jake want to watch us get naked?" Lea said.
"Another time," I said, as the girls giggled.
I took Jake's hand and we went out to the pool and walked in together. I wrapped my arms around him and held him tight.
Jake said, "you're breaking the rule you know."
"Unless there's a mutual agreement," I said with a big smile.
He smiled too and wrapped his arms around me as we held each other tightly feeling our bare skin against each other.
"Hey Hey, you're breaking the rule," Sue said as she and Lea came out.
"Well, when there's a mutual agreement, then it gets a pass," I said. We all laughed as Jake and I broke our hold on each other.
We had a great day in the pool and sunning and agreed to get together again on Friday when Jake would bring Carl and Mike.
I was up early Tuesday, excited about Jake coming over again. I was in the kitchen when mom came through.
"Morning Hun"
"Good morning mom."
She did her usual of making coffee and feeding the dog, and it was nice to see she was naked. She came back in and looked at me.
"My, your tan looks wonderful."
"Thanks mom."
"That reminds me," she said. "I'm getting off early on Friday so I can work on my tan. Do you have any plans for Friday?"
"That's the day the guys and girls are coming over."
"Will it be clothing optional?" she asked.
"I'm planning on it."
Mom grinned.
"We'd love to have you join us. You can meet everyone then."
Mom smiled. "Sounds like a date," she said.
"What else is going on this week," she asked.
"Well, Jake is coming over today," as I smiled.
Mom saw that, "OK, what's up, More skinny dipping?"
"Oh yeah, and, well, Jake is now my boyfriend."
Mom's face lit up.
"Well, that's great news Hun. When did that happen?"
"Yesterday."
"What did you do yesterday?"
"The girls were coming over and I invited Jake too, without telling the girls. I wanted to surprise the girls at the door with Jake standing beside me. We were both standing there and I asked Jake to put his arm around me, He looked at me and asked me if I would be his Girlfriend.
"Did that surprise the Girls?"
"Oh yeah, it was great. Sue's jealous."
"I can see why," mom said.
"Well, you two have a good time and be kind to one another. Think before... have a good time. Gotta go, can't wait for Friday."
"Shall we make that a surprise mom?"
"Sounds like fun, we'll discuss it this evening" she said.
OK, This ought to be good I thought.
When I heard a knock on the door, I ran to it and swung it wide open to greet Jake. He smiled upon seeing me as I let him in and gave him a big hug. Once in, he handed me a gift box.
"What's this?"
"Open it and see," he said.
I opened the box and pulled out that little black dress he had me try on. That sexy little black dress.
"I'd like to take you to dinner tonight, and thought you might like to wear it."
I gave Jake another big hug, "thank you Jake. I've got to try it on," so we went to my room.
I stood before the mirror and slipped the dress on and adjusted the very thin straps and smoothed the material.
Jake stood there smiling. I turned and looked at myself and turned some more. I little bending this way and I saw my butt cheeks peek out. "Wow, this is short," I said.
My breast looked so sexy as the fabric clung to them with my nipples trying to poke through. I walked over and pulled out my chair and sat.
I looked at Jake and said, "if it's just you and I, this might be OK, but if we're going out with others, I'll have to wear something down there."
So I got up and pulled out my little black thong and slipped it on. I stood before the mirror to see if there were visible pantie lines and it was looking good. Then I went and sat down again to check on my modesty. There, will that be OK?
"No complaints here." he said smiling.
I went before the mirror to look some more and looked at Jake still dressed.
"You need to get naked," I said.
He quickly shed his shirt and shorts so he was naked.
I looked at myself again in the mirror and started to sway my body and wiggle my hips. We going dancing anytime soon, as I started to dance and watch Jake watching me.
"Well, we might get an invitation to a Wedding, and there could be dancing."
I was now looking at Jake and starting to put on some moves. Slowly running my hands all over my body. Jake was watching intently and it wasn't long before I got the reaction I wanted as his dick started to come to life. I started to play with the straps and do all the things I thought a stripper might do with plenty of teasing as I watched him.
I had both straps off and allowed them to fall down my arms. Then reaching above my head, I was able to wiggle enough that the dress fell to my waist. Jake was smiling big time and his dick was really getting hard as I turned away from him and bent over and slowly pulled the thong off. I slowly did a turn to face him again. I ran my hands over my breast and down my sides to the hem of the dress where I took hold and started to slowly pull it up, keeping my hips moving and exposed myself to Jake.
"How was that I asked?"
"That was hot," he said.
I smiled and slowly walked over to him, admiring his hard dick until I wrapped my arms around him and thanked him again for the sexy little black dress. He put his arms around me and we held each other tightly, feeling my breast against his chest and his hard dick pressing against my tummy.
Jake said, "I had no idea my girlfriend was such a good stripper."
I looked up at him to see his smile as he looked down to see mine, then he leaned down and we put our lips together for our first kiss.
"Lets go skinny dipping," I said.
"Yeah, lets do that," he said.
We went to the pool and walked in together. He was still sporting a hard dick as it pointed straight out. We got in the water and I again wrapped my arms around him, and him to me. Then I just had to have a nice kiss as I felt our bodies come together again. We then swam and would occasionally come together for a nice hug and kiss.
I'd gotten out and went to a lounge to get some sun. I looked over at Jake and asked him to put some lotion on my back as I laid on my tummy. He's such a good guy. He came over and worked lotion down my back working towards my bottom and stopped.
"Would you do my butt and legs too please."
So he continued to spread lotion to my back and butt cheeks and down my legs.
"There you go."
I rolled over to lay on my back and looked him in the eye. "Would you like do this side too?" I smiled and said, "please."
I raised my arms over my head and stretched out giving him full access. He took an arm and applied lotion down to my shoulder, then reached across and took my other arm doing the same. As he did that, I had an eye full of his dick that was almost in my face. He finished my arms and worked my neck and started down my chest. I smiled as he got closer to my tits.
He worked around the sides of them and in between them before looking me in the eye. I smiled some more as he placed his hands over a tit and softly rubbed in the lotion. It felt so nice I let out a small pleasurable moan and kept a smiling. He then moved to my other tit and did the same and I had the same response. He moved to my tummy and sides being real gentle. He did the side of my hips and down to the tops of my legs. He started on a leg doing the outside working to the inside when I opened my legs some to give him room to work. He reached to the other leg and did the same all the way to my foot. Then he started working back up to where he had been. He looked at me as to indicate he was done.
"You missed some," as I smiled to assure him what I wanted.
He continued on the inside of my leg working up into my thigh area and around my pussy. He did the same on the other side, working up and around my pussy to the bottom of my tummy. He looked at me again, I smiled and told him, you can do it all. He swallowed and very softly started rubbing lotion onto my pussy as I opened my legs farther. I had very nice feelings from his touch and again let out a pleasurable moan. I saw some life in his dick as he did this.
"Thanks," I said.
"Would you like me to put some on you? It won't hurt and it's good for getting a great tan like mine."
He smiled and laid down on his tummy. I started with his shoulders and down his back and sides to his hips and up to his lower back and right on to his butt cheeks without any fan fair before starting on the backs of his legs to his feet.
"Would you like me to do the other side now?"
He didn't say anything and just rolled over. I smiled at him and he grinned back.
"Full treatment," I asked.
"Sure," he said.
I grabbed an arm and started at the hand and worked to his shoulder, then I did his other arm to his shoulder. He had an eyeful of my tits as I did that. I worked his neck and started on his upper chest and shoulders. I had a hand each shoulder, like pinning him down and leaned in a planted a nice kiss on his lips.
He smiled along with me as I worked his chest and sides to his hips and up to his lower tummy. He was watching me closely now as I looked him in his eye. I took more lotion and moved right onto his dick and balls, feeling them for the first time how smooth and soft they are before continuing down his thigh and leg and working back up the other leg to his thigh, and oh my, I just had to apply a little more lotion to his balls and dick again.
I looked at him. "How's that?"
"That was good," he said smiling.
"Would you like more?"
"Oh, you did good," he said,
"Here, I'll do a little more," as I wrapped my hand around his hardening dick again.
"Oh, you must like this, you're getting excited again." I giggled and let go.
"Thanks" he said.
I laid on my lounge to get some sun.
Jake asked, "is Sue really jealous or is she just playing?"
"Oh, maybe a little of each, why?"
"Well, she seems sincere."
"Well, you're the first guy she's ever hung around with, and you made a good impression on her."
I looked over to see Jake grinning.
"It's good to see the girls excited about getting together with you guys. We all seem to get along well together."
Jake looked at me and said, "you can take credit for that."
"Oh?"
"Kim, you are so sure of yourself in whatever you do. Example, you stripped naked in front of 3 horny guys, right out here. No harm done, and now look at whats going on. Us two are getting naked with a couple of your girlfriends, our moms, and we're all comfortable with it. It all comes from you Kim."
"I'd have to give credit to my mom."
"Whys that?"
"I'll tell you sometime. Lets go swim again."
We did and we hugged and kissed some more in the pool.
We'd had enough pool and sun time and headed in.
"Are you going to tell me where we're going tonight?" I asked.
"No, you'll just have to wait and see."
"OK. So, how would you like to wash my hair again?"
"What?"
"lets go take a shower, and I'll let you wash my hair."
"Oh, sure"
So we headed for the shower. I got the water going then we got in and got all wet. I had Jake hold out his hand and I poured shampoo into it and let him wash my hair. "Take your time and work it good I said."
"OK"
It was nice to have someone do that for me as he was massaging my scalp before we rinsed it all off.
"You did such a nice job, how about washing the rest of me? And if you like, I'll wash you..."
Jake smiled, "sounds good," he said.
I handed him my soap and turned so he could do my back.
He lathered me up real nice then washed me with his hands carefully before he took the shower head down and rinsed away all the soap.
"Let me do your back now," I said.
He turned around and I lathered him all up and worked it all around before rinsing him with the shower head.
He turned around and looked me in the eye giving me a nice smile as he took the soap and started to lather up my front side. Then he started to wash me all over. Feeling his hands on my tits was so nice and I was getting my tingly feeling throughout my body, but he moved off them too quickly, so I grabbed his hands and put them back on my tits and told him to do a better job.
"Take your time," I said.
He smiled as I was feeling much better now. I noticed he was getting a little excited himself as he massaged my sensitive breast. Then he moved on to my tummy and hips. His hands were all over me as he even ran his hands over and in between my butt cheeks, then he looked me in my eyes as his hands came forward towards my pussy. He went around my legs to the inner thighs and then with one hand, he washed my pussy and I thought I was going to explode, but again, he had moved away too quickly.
I couldn't let him stop yet, so I grabbed his hand and pulled it back to my pussy as I opened my legs. "Wash it real good," I told him.
He was looking into my eyes and I was looking into his. He was washing my pussy real good now as I was ahhhh ahhhh aahhhh ahhhh ahhhhh aahhhhhhmmmm. I looked at him smiling at me and said, "do that again." So he did.
"Take your time," I said. He softly rubbed my pussy and by my reaction started rubbing my clit until I came. I was on fire. He started to pull his hand away until I grabbed and pulled it back to my very excited pussy. I held his hand against me until I came yet again.
He then moved on and washed the rest of me and rinsed me real good with the shower head.
I then lathered up his chest and arms and started washing him real good, taking my time. I moved to his tummy and hips and ran my hands all over his butt cheeks and between them to make sure everything was getting washed good.
Then I lathered up his dick that was pointing straight at me, I started to wash his dick and balls and underneath back to his butt again and back to his balls and I carefully rolled them in my hands. I looked into his eyes and I could see he didn't want me to stop. I moved my hands back to his now fully erect dick and started to slide my hands along its length.
I looked at his eyes and they were closed and he was breathing heavily so I kept sliding my hands along his dick, I saw how he had gotten himself off before and now I was doing it for him, He started to oooohh ooohh ohhh oooohhhhhhhhh aaaaaawwwww, as gobs of his juice shot out of his hard dick onto my breast and chin and all over the front of me.
I stopped moving my hands and just held his dick enjoying how smooth and soft the skin felt. I looked into his eyes again as he regained himself. He looked at me with a big smile, then he wrapped his arms around me and gave me a big kiss as our soapy cum covered bodies came together.
Jake said, "that was incredible. I've never cum like that before," and he kissed me again.
I said, "you realize we just made each other have an orgasms."
"Hell yeah," he said as he kissed me again.
After we broke our hug and saw that we were a mess, I said, "we need to take a shower."
"Oh yea," as he took the soap and started to wash his cum off me, and as he was doing that, I was washing him. We weren't shy about what we were washing this time. He spent time on each tit, back and forth making me feel real good again.
I was working down his front and about to grab his dick which was still fully erect when he put a hand on my pussy and started to work it sending shock waves through my body. I opened my legs again and started grinding my pussy onto his hand as he massaged a tit and my pussy at the same time.
I had a hold of his dick and again was moving my hand up and down along its length. My head was spinning in pleasure. I applied more soap to his dick to make it real slippery and increased my strokes on it as my hips kept maneuvering so my clit rubbed his hand as he fingered me.
I was still stroking his dick with one hand and took my other and and caressed his balls, as I felt his body start to shudder and his balls got tight and he aaaaaaaaawwwww aaaaaaawwwwwww aaaaaaaawwwwww awwwww and shot more globs of cum all over me again. My pleasure was still growing as I released my grip on his dick and leaned against the shower wall and opened my legs more. I placed a hand on his and pushed it tighter against my pussy before I oooooooooohhhh oooooooooohhh ooooooooohhhhhhhhh oooohhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmyyyyy came. We stopped to catch our breaths before either of us moved again.
We were smiling with pleasure as I casually started to wash Jake without stirring much excitement as I cleaned his dick. Jake then washed me again as softly as he could on all my sensitive areas. With the water off, we hugged again and enjoyed a lovely kiss. We toweled off and went back to my room. I picked up my new dress and slipped it on then hopped onto my bed as Jake prepared to dress.
He looked over at me on the bed. I saw his eyes looking down at me and realized he was gazing at my fully exposed pussy under the short dress.
"You like the way this looks?"
He got a big smile on his face as I opened my legs. He came over and gave me a big kiss before he lowered his head and kissed my pussy. That sent a shock wave throughout me. He looked up at me and I said, "you can do that again, and take your time."
He didn't hesitate. He planted another kiss on my pussy and used his tongue all over it. I was cumming again in short order. I looked at Jake and saw his full erection and decided to return the favor. I slid off the bed and got down in front of him. I looked up at him as I placed my hands around his dick. Then I kissed his dick and started running my tongue all over it before taking it into my mouth and sucking it. I could tell he was getting excited.
"Kim, stop," Jake said. "I don't want to get cum all over your dress," as he gently pulled me to my feet and kissed me. I got a taste of myself when he did that. I said OK, "I'll get you later."
He smiled.
I was getting excited about tonight. I walked Jake to his car and we had a goodbye hug and kiss. I'll pick you up at 6:30, be ready he said. I'll be ready.
Back in my room, I looked again at the dress in the mirror then took it off and fixed my hair. I had heard mom come home from work, so I quickly pulled on my thong and slipped into the dress and put on my shoes.
I ran through the house looking for mom. I stopped when She saw me coming, giving her a chance to see the dress before doing a slow turn so she could see everything.
"Kim, where did you get that dress?"
I smiled. "Jake bought if for me. He's taking me out tonight."
Mom was looking me over carefully. "Oh my, that is a beautiful little dress darling. It's lovely, and you look absolutely stunning in it. It's pretty short though. You do have something on down there, don't you?"
I lifted the front of the dress to show her the black thong.
She smiled, "I should have known."
Turn around again. "Wow, you look fantastic. It's just beautiful and I must say, very sexy. What time his he picking you up?"
"He said 6:30"
"Good, those shoes just don't go with that dress. Let me change and lets run over to the mall and get you shoes real quick."
Mom went to change and came back out in her hot dress. We headed for the mall. Mom asked, "do you know where he got that dress?"
"Yeah, the dress shop at the mall."
"It's so short dear."
"Yeah, it is, and I'm a little concerned about it."
"Let's go by the dress shop and see if maybe they have another size available."
"They had a whole rack when I tried one on."
"Oh, so you've tried one on?"
Yeah, we went over to the mall one morning, just goofing around. I went in the dress shop to have a look. I told Jake, pick out any dress and I'll model it. He handed me one of these and I put it on for him."
We arrived at the mall and went straight to the dress shop. We walked in and was greeted right away by the shop owner.
"Hello Lady's," she said. "Don't you two look lovely this evening."
"Thanks," we said.
Mom told her, My Daughter's Boyfriend bought this dress for her, and we're curious if there might be a better size for her."
Oh yes, "I remember the handsome young man. So this is the lucky young Lady," she said looking me over. lets have a look." She came and looked at the tag.
"Come with me please," she said.
We followed her to the rack of dresses where she looked through the assortment and pulled one off the rack. "Here young Lady, would you mind trying this one on."
I took the dress and tried it on. This one definitely fit better and was a little longer.
I came out so they could see. They both nodded.
"I'll just exchange this dress for the other. My, She is such a natural beauty in this dress," the shop owner said.
"Yes she is, and now we need to get her some heels to go with it." mom said.
We thanked her and headed for the shoe store.
Mom looked at me, "that is a sexy little black dress, I'm really excited for you."
"Thanks mom, I like the fit of this one too, it doesn't cling to my tits as much and the additional length makes me feel more comfortable."
"That's good," mom said.
We walked to the shoe store and was greeted by a young man offering his assistance.
"We're looking for black heels," mom said.
He led us to where an assortment could be seen. Mom picked one up and asked if we could try it.
"What size do you need or would you like to be measured." he asked.
"Why don't you measure her please," mom said.
He directed me to a seat. I sat as he pulled over his little bench to sit on then asked for a foot. He removed my shoe and placed my foot on the angled end of the bench so he could measure it. I had to lift my leg slightly to do this which allowed him to take a quick peek at me. He measured my foot and went to get shoes in my size. Mom was looking at other items in the store as she waited.
He came back and took my foot and slipped on the black high heel. He then asked for my other foot and removed my shoe and slipped a new shoe on. He asked me to stand on them. I saw he was peeking up my legs again as I put both feet down so I could stand.
He placed his hand on the shoes and felt the straps and asked how they felt.
"It feels OK," I said.
"Would you walk to the mirrors over there and have a look and get a feel for them," he said.
So I walked to the mirrors. These heels were taller than what I'd ever worn before and it felt awkward my first few steps. I made it to the mirrors and mom joined me.
"Those look very elegant on you. How to they feel?"
"I think they'll be good."
"Turn a little for me."
"Yes, those are looking good. Here, now hold this in your hand." Mom handed me a nice little hand bag.
"A little accessory never hurts and you never know when they can come in handy," she said.
"You look stunning, Hun."
The clerk came and asked if the shoes felt OK.
"Yes, we'll take them," mom said.
"She'll wear them if you wouldn't mind boxing up the old shoes."
"I already have them ready for you mam." We checked out and headed for home.
Walking back through the mall was good experience for me in the new heels. Mom quietly said, "ever get the feeling everyone is looking at you?"
"Sometimes, why?"
"Well, every guy here is stopping dead in their tracks, most likely trying to get a good look at you."
"Sure mom"
She said, "stop, now turn around and look."
Oh my gosh. Every guy and some women were looking directly at us. We resumed walking and giggled a little.
We got home and mom said, "come with me."
We went to her bathroom and she opened a drawer and pulled out some lip gloss and offered it to me.
"Would you like to try this?"
I'd never worn much makeup but I was willing to try. "OK,"
"Good, let me help you with it."
Mom applied the lip gloss as I watched in the mirror. It wasn't a bold color, just enough to make my lips noticeable.
"What do you think?" she asked.
"That looks nice mom," thanks.
"Would you like to try some color with your eyes?"
"I trust you mom, go for it."
Mom did just that. She put on just enough color to highlight my eyes.
We were both looking at me in the mirror when she stood beside me and pulled my hair up off my shoulders.
"What about wearing your hair up tonight?"
"Wow, "that's a whole new look. Do we have time to do it?"
"Sure Hun." She combed and twisted and before I knew it, she had my hair up and off my shoulders, with a few strands left at the sides of my face. Mom couldn't help herself from smiling as she looked at me, I couldn't either.
"Oh wow mom, this is so different for me."
"You are one very beautiful young woman Kim. I hope your dad gets home early enough to see this."
"I got one more thing for you." She opened another drawer with jewelry. "Why not go all out," as she handed me her Diamond earrings and Necklace.
"Really mom, you'd let me wear these?"
"You can borrow these tonight." She draped the necklace around my neck and fastened it for me. Then I removed my earrings and put in the diamonds.
"Let me look at you. Oh honey, you look so beautiful," as tears began to run down her cheeks.
"Now, put this lip gloss in your hand bag and don't forget to freshen up."
"Come on, lets get some photos."
We went out back while there was still good light and she took several photos of me.
I was really getting excited now and it wouldn't be long before Jake would arrive.
"I hope Jake likes this makeover."
"He better or He'll be dealing with your mother!" she said.
The bell rang and mom was first to the door.
"Well hi Jake, Wow, aren't you the handsome one tonight," I heard mom say. "Well, come on in, Kim's anxious and ready."
Jake came in and yeah, well, he had transformed too. He had on a 3 piece suit and decked to the max for a guy.
When Jake saw me, he was nearly speechless. "Kim, my gosh, you look absolutely beautiful," he said.
"You look fantastic yourself," I said.
"Wow, I'm not going to be able to take my eyes off you all evening," he said.
"So you like this look," as I turned some for him. Mom was standing behind him with the happiest smile ever.
Jake said, "I don't know if I deserve to be in the presence of such beauty."
"You can thank mom for some of this."
Jake stepped over to mom and gave her a hug and kiss on her cheek and said, "thanks mom."
"You're welcome Jake," mom said.
"Well, we should be going." Jake said.
We headed for the door, mom said she wanted photos out front before we leave. So Jake and I posed for mom.
"Mom," Jake said, "would you take a photo of this," as he turned and pulled me to him and gave me a big kiss.
"Got it," mom said.
"Thanks mom."
We were off and Jake looked over at me and again said, "Kim, you do look absolutely beautiful. I have to be the luckiest guy around."
"Thanks Jake."
We drove across town to the Private Country Club.
"This is a special place isn't it?" I asked
"Well, every month they do a formal dinner. Mom and Dad had tickets and couldn't go, so they offered them to me. So you can thank my mom and dad for this."
"Sure"
"They'll have valet parking tonight, someone with get the door for you."
We pulled up and sure enough, a gentleman in a Tux opened my door and offered me a hand. Jake waited for me to come around and offered me his arm. As we got close to the doors, Gentlemen opened them for us. A woman then met us and Jake provided the tickets.
"Please follow me, she said.
Jake motioned for me to follow the lady. Everyone I noticed was dressed to the max as it seemed like we were paraded around forever before we were seated at the far side of the room.
Everything was beautiful, the decorations, the table setting.
"What do you think?" Jake asked.
"This is all wonderful"
"Well, I really enjoyed how every one we passed took notice of my beautiful girlfriend."
I smiled. We both took a glance around and we could see people rubber necking to see us.
"See, they still want to look," Jake said.
A waiter came and provided our meal options and said he would return to take our order.
Jake said, "Kim, did I tell you how beautiful you look tonight."
"Yes you did, silly."
"Seriously" he said.
"Well, I must admit, I do feel beautiful tonight."
"You should Kim, because you are."
We both had a seafood dinner and a desert.
Jake said, "I'd love to see you walk to the lady's room, just so I can watch everyone check you out as you do."
I smiled, "back in a few."
I grabbed my hand bag and slowly made my way across the room towards the Lady's room as Jake suggested. I could feel eyes glued to me as I went.
I went in the lady's room and touched up my lip gloss as a few lady's inside were looking me over. A very stylish lady approached me and said, "young lady, you are stunning, so beautiful. Please don't get me wrong, but you look so sexy, I'd bet most of the men out there got a hard on just seeing you. I mean,... and look at that tan you have, wow! I'm jealous."
"Thank You," I said, "you are very beautiful too, so please don't be jealous."
"Well, thank you, but you are absolutely the most beautiful woman here tonight, very sexy too!" she said smiling.
"Who are you with this evening?" She asked.
"I'm with Jake Brown."
"Oh, that's probably Ed and Jane's Son?"
"Yes," I replied
"Well thanks, and enjoy yourself tonight."
I heard others talking, "she's gorgeous and someone commented saying, I wish I could wear a dress like that, just stunning."
I headed back to Jake, not knowing what to think. I felt as everyone was waiting for my return. Men were already looking my direction as I walked back through and it seemed like it got awfully quiet at the same time. People stood to the side and allowed me to pass so they could look. I got back to our table and Jake had a beaming smile on his face.
"Did I tell you how beautiful you are tonight? That was absolutely incredible. I almost want you to do it again. I wish your walk through could have been filmed so you could see it." Jake said.
"I saw plenty as I returned, like they were waiting for me, and it seems like the whole place got quiet."
"You're not imagining Kim, it did get quiet as you came back. I saw people stop and allow you to pass. I've never seen that here before, and I've attended a few of these dinners."
A couple then walked up to our table.
The gentleman asked, "are you Jake Brown?" "Yes I am."
"I'm Don Webb, this is my wife Dorothy, I play golf with your dad on Sundays, happy to have you and your beautiful guest with us tonight."
"Thank you Mr. Webb and it's nice to meet you."
They walked off to another table, making hand gestures towards us. I saw a couple get up from that table and come our way and stop.
"Jake Brown," the gentleman said.
"Yes," Jake replied.
"I'm Pete McCoy, I'm one of your dad's golf partners."
"Nice to meet you Mr. McCoy."
"Oh, just call me Pete. You sure have a gorgeous women with you tonight. Hope you can come again."
"Thanks Pete," Jake said.
We both looked at each other and smiled.
"Well sweetheart, shall we make our grand exit and silence the crowd once more."
I nodded.
We got up and headed out. Yes, the room once again got quiet as it seemed all eyes were on us as we made our way out.
We waited a few minutes before the car arrived, my door was opened and closed for me and we headed home.
"Jake, when I was in the Lady's room, a Lady there politely told me most of the men there probably got a hard on when they saw me. What do you think?
"To be honest, I did get excited when I first saw you tonight."
"Wow, Jake, that's hot, and I didn't even expose myself."
"If You'd done that, and I might have exploded in my pants."
"Are you serious?"
Jake smiled.
We got back to my place and Jake said he'd get my door. So he opened my door and offered me his hand and once standing, pulled me tight to him and gave me a big kiss.
"You are so beautiful," he said.
I smiled again and gave him a big kiss.
We went in and I offered Jake a seat in the living room and went to find mom and dad. They weren't in the house, I found them out skinny dipping.
"Hi Mom, Hi Dad."
"Oh Kim, you're home. Good, now your dad can get a look at you. Why not flip the lights on so your father can see you."
"OK, I left Jake in the house."
I walked over and flipped on the yard and pool lights then walked back to the side of the pool.
"That's our daughter?" dad said.
"That's our beautiful daughter," mom said.
"Turn around dear so he can get the full look."
I slowly circled as dad was expressing his delight in what he was seeing. Mom was at his side as they both looked up at me from the pool.
"Beautiful, sexy, wow!" dad said.
"Seen enough, I don't want to leave Jake by himself while you two ogle your daughter."
They laughed.
"Why don't you go get Jake and bring the camera out too," mom said, "and you and Jake are welcome to join us if you'd like."
"I'll have to see what Jake thinks about that, OK."
"OK, but you're welcome to join us."
I went in and grabbed the camera.
"Jake, mom and dad are out skinny dipping. They'd like to see you and take more photos of us. We've also been invited to join them."
"Well, lets go see mom & dad and get more photos. Aah, they want us to go skinny dipping with them?"
"Of coarse they do silly. Come along"
We went out back.
"Hi Jake," mom called out.
"Hi Mom, Dad," Jake replied
"Kim, hand me the camera and Jake, would you come stand next to Kim. The pool lighting and yard lights puts a whole different look to the way you look."
I handed mom the camera.
"So Jake, you bought that dress for Kim?" Dad asked.
"Yeah..."
"Well, that sure is one sexy dress you picked out there."
"Oh knock it off dear," mom said.
"You two look great together. Come stand together over here near the shallow end so I don't get the camera wet. That's good, now put on some good looks."
Jake and I held each other and struck some poses for mom. Thanks kids,
"Now, you want to come join us?"
"Sure mom, we'll go get 'suited up'," I said.
"Hey, Jake can use the guest room if he likes," dad said.
"Kim, take the camera in and just ignore your father, and would you kill the lights on your way."
"Sure."
We giggled and went back in, to my room to get naked together.
Jake said, "this is almost weirder, going skinny dipping with your parents."
"You'll be fine, and don't let dad get to you. He's just having fun."
In my room I went before the mirror before getting undressed. I hadn't looked much earlier and I was now in awe of seeing myself in the full length mirror. Mom had done wonders with my makeup and putting my hair up. Jake saw me looking and could see the smile I had on my face.
Kim, can I take some photos of you in front of the mirror? he asked.
"Oh, please do," I said.
Jake was taking photos and I could see him smiling. I turned for him so he got all the angles before I started playing by sliding a strap off one shoulder, then the other, with Jake watching and taking more photos.
"Yeah Babe, strip for me." He said.
I didn't disappoint him, and we have the photos to prove it!
After stripping for Jake, I helped him out of his suit. Gosh, he had a lot of clothes on...
More to cum...