All characters are fictional, and are 18+ years old. If subjects like trans-women, step-mothers and step-daughters fucking, interracial couplings or skeezy landlords are not your cups of tea then please move along - otherwise I hope you enjoy my story!
P.S. Feel free to leave a suggestion for another Brittany/Nancy adventure, or for another story altogether -- I'm always interested in knowing what readers would like to see.
Nancy pulled her car slowly alongside the curb, her eyes glued to the figure of the teen girl strutting down the sidewalk in front of the corner store. Brittany wiggled her hips, her tight booty shorts framing her ass cheeks perfectly as her six-inch heels gave her some extra swagger. A neon-yellow, mesh crop-top and intentionally too-small bra left little to the imagination, her tits and baby bump on display for the whole town to ogle. As Nancy pulled up the girl stopped, turning as she waited for the older woman to roll down the car window.
"How much?"
Brittany cocked her head, her pigtails bobbing innocently as she batted her eyelashes.
"How much for what, ma'am? I don't understand what you're saying."
Nancy visually undressed Brittany, her scrutiny causing the girl to blush.
"You know exactly what I'm talking about, you little hussy. You're out here dressed like a whore, parading your tits and ass for the whole town to see, and I bet your cunt is soaking wet from it."
Nancy pulled out her wallet, sliding two crisp, one-hundred dollar bills out.
"How long will this buy me?"
Brittany's eyes widened, her lips forming a cute 'o' shape. She giggled, leaning against the car window frame so that her ass jutted out.
"For that? You can have me for the rest of the night!"
She slid into Nancy's car, taking note of the whispers from the town rumor-mongers who sat on the benches outside of the general store each day. They had just gotten ahold of the juiciest piece of gossip since the bank had been robbed by the mayor, and Brittany's pussy began to drip as she heard words like slut and prostitute thrown about.
As Nancy drove off she placed a hand on the teen's knee, inching it upwards as the drive progressed. By the time they had parked in their apartment's lot Nancy was two knuckles deep in Brittany, her talented fingers bringing the girl to the brink of orgasm again and again. Brittany was practically sobbing, her cunt aching for release as her step-mother's fingers toyed with her clit.
"Fuck, being knocked up really does make you even hornier than normal, doesn't it baby girl?"
Nancy gave the little nub a savage pinch, finally sending the teen over the edge.
"Yeeeeeeees! Ahhh, Mommy, I'm cummmming!"
Brittany wailed as she orgasmed, her pussy clenching as she ground herself against Nancy's fingers. She was so beautiful, her large breasts jiggling as she came and her lips parted to let more air into her lungs. Nancy took her free hand, her fingers twining into one of Brittany's pigtails. She pulled the girl's lips to hers, kissing her softly as she came down from her climax. When they parted Brittany smiled up at her, eyes hooded with post-orgasmic bliss.
"Thank you Mommy, that was so good! I needed it badly."
Nancy didn't reply, instead extracting herself and Brittany from the car. She led the girl up to their second-story apartment, Nancy too focused to engage in casual conversation. She half-dragged the teen through the doorway, barely managing to shut it before she had Brittany pinned against the wood. In one dexterous move she unbuttoned the tiny shorts, yanking them down Brittany's legs and tossing them aside. There were no underwear to bar her path, and within seconds her lips were suckling Brittany's clit.
Ten minutes later Brittany had slumped against the door, her legs trembling from her latest orgasm. In the six months since Billie Mae had fucked her the girl had been thrown out of her mother's house for getting pregnant, Nancy had divorced Brittany's useless father and the two women were now living together in one of Billie's smaller apartments. They were still paying rent the same way, their mouths working hard to cover the monthly bill, but Nancy had never been happier.
"Mommy, will you fuck me with the strapon today, please? It's been soooo long!"
By 'long' Brittany really meant less than a week, but she had a point: Nancy still needed to cum, and what better way than by stretching out Brittany's cunt with their new, double-ended, nine-inch black strapon?
"Of course baby, whatever you want. This is your fantasy, after all."
She leaned down to give Brittany her hands, gently pulling the girl up to her feet. Once she drew Brittany up Nancy paused, her lips seeking out Brittany's neck. She began to kiss and lick the soft skin, an adventurous hand slinking down to run a single finger over the girl's dripping slit.
"Mommy, do you want my bra and shirt off?"
Nancy paused, contemplating the request. She loved Brittany being fully naked, her body completely unveiled for Nancy's pleasure, but today was about fulfilling the fantasy Brittany had shared with her the first time they had sex. She wanted to do more roleplay, and she knew how much it would turn the teen on, so she forced herself to get back into character. Brittany was an exhibitionist, but even more than that she loved it when Nancy talked dirty to her, so the woman would use that to her advantage.
"No, slut. I want to watch your fucking tits jiggle through that sexy shirt. You're mine to do whatever I want with, since I own your cunt for the night, and I expect full obedience."
"Oooh, yes ma'am! What do you want your prostitute to do?"
Nancy slid the finger slowly inside Brittany's soaking cunt, eliciting a gasp from the girl.
"My bedroom is down the hall and to the right. Get on your knees on the edge of the bed, then stick your ass up in the air so that I can inspect what I've bought."
Brittany moaned as the finger withdrew, but she didn't protest. Like a good bitch she made her way down the hall, climbing onto Nancy's bed and raising her ass in the air. She placed a thick pillow under her to cushion her belly, the added bulk propping her hips up at an even better angle. Nancy entered behind her, stripping herself as she gazed at the swollen, pink lips of Brittany's displayed cunt.
"Ummmmmm, what a juicy pussy you have. How long have you been a whore for, girl?"
Brittany wiggled her hips seductively, reaching back to spread her pussy for Nancy's inspection.
"I just started this year, ma'am."
"Oh, so you're a fairly fresh one! How many customers have you serviced?"
"You're number sixty-nine, ma'am."
"Ahd what about the customer who knocked you up? You must have been quite the little slut to let that happen."
While she had been talking Nancy had inserted her strapon and buckled it in place, a lewd moan crossing her lips. Her hand idly stroked the fake cock, spreading a copious amount of lube over it. It felt so good having her cunt filled, and if she didn't give herself too much attention right away then it would keep her delightfully teetering on the edge of orgasm for awhile.
While prepping herself she had also retrieved a special item, one that Brittany didn't know about.
"Oh yes, I was! It was during a threesome, and I was so horny that I didn't think about protection at all. I let my pussy and mouth get used by both of them, and I even came from one of them blowing their load in me. Isn't that nasty? But it was so hot! Can you imagine me on a bed, my pussy being stretched by a big, black cock while a beautiful woman played with my tits? I don't think that I ever stopped being wet for them..."
Nancy was quivering; listening to Brittany describing their first time together that way was an incredible turn on. While the girl talked Nancy had stepped forward, her hands caressing Brittany's ass in a faux inspection of her purchased goods. She barely trusted herself to speak, her voice a husky whisper when it did manage to come out.
"I can definitely imagine that. You have such a pretty little pussy that I can see why someone would want to cum inside of it. You didn't mention them fucking your ass, though. Did they?"
"No ma'am, they didn't."
"Do sluts like you enjoy having their asses fucked?"
Brittany hesitated, turning to look back at Nancy with wide eyes.
"I, I don't know...no one has ever done that to me before."
Of course Nancy knew this, but what Brittany didn't know was that her step-mother had bought her a butt-plug specifically for when they acted out this fantasy.
"Oh, good! Then I want to be the one to introduce you to anal fun. Just a little beginner's course, nothing intense, but if you let me do this to you then I'll pay you an extra hundred. I bet, for a cheap whore like you, that's at least a couple days worth of work."
Nancy had begun teasing Brittany's pussy, her fingers gently dipping in to gather up some of the girl's cunt juice. The teen moaned, her hips bucking reflexively.
"I don't know, ma'am. Will you be gentle with me? I know that my pussy and mouth can take a rough fuck, and clients can even do me so hard that my little pussy gapes afterwards, but I don't know if my ass could take that..."
"I promise to be gentle, not that I'm paying you for that. All I want to do is put a small plug in you, and once in a while move it around so that you get a feel for what it would be like to take a cock up there."
With that Nancy began to smear a mixture of lube and pussy juice across the surface of the small, black plug. It boasted a jeweled, carnation-pink heart at the base of it, the shade matching Brittany's favorite lipgloss, and Nancy couldn't wait to see it adorning the teen's ass.
"Okay, for a hundred bucks more you can play with me, um, there."
"Good to see you know your place."
Nancy leaned over, her teeth gently sinking into Brittany's shoulder as a sign of approval. The girl cried out, a shudder rippling through her at the erotic jolt of pain. Once the plug was thoroughly lubed Nancy began working the tip into her step-daughter's ass, giving the girl no warning that the penetration was coming.
"Ahhhh, that feels weird!"
Brittany reflexively clenched her ass, the ring of muscle straining to keep the plug out. Nancy gave the girl's ass cheek a gentle smack, her voice taking on a stern quality that was usually absent.
"Play with your clit until you cum."
The teen obeyed, her lithe fingers frantically toying with her clit. Nancy gave her a few moments to get lost in the pleasant sensation, then she gently pressed the plug in more, earning a semi-pained moan from Brittany. About a third of it slid in, Nancy keeping the pressure going even as Brittany protested.
"Oh please, ma'am! Take it out! It hurts..."
"Nonsense! You've taken cocks bigger than this in your other slut-holes, so this is nothing. Now shut up, whore, and keep fucking yourself. Here, I'll even help."
Nancy reached under Brittany, her free hand finding the girl's slick fingers and intertwining hers with them. For a brief moment they held hands, a silent warmth passing between them. Then, together, they began to play with the teen's pussy. Soon Brittany's cunt was a wet mess as it was fingered, stroked, stretched and palmed, each squelch and moan bringing her closer to accepting her first anal insertion. The girl came twice, Nancy taking each of those moments to further insert the plug while her step-daughter was distracted. It didn't take long for it to be buried fully, the pink heart lodged firmly in place as Brittany gave her ass a tentative shake.
"Well, this isn't too bad, I guess..."
"There, see? You did it! I knew an obedient, easily-bought little whore like you would be worth every penny. Now, tell me more about the threesome that got you knocked up. What was your favorite moment? When that big, black cock jizzed into your tight, unprotected little cunt?"
As Nancy spoke she began nudging the tip of the strapon into Brittany's pussy, the bulbous head wedging itself between the girl's labia. Brittany moaned appreciatively, her hands fisting the comforter as she replied.
"No, ma'am. Not exactly..."
Her voice was strained, arousal coursing through her as the dildo slid further in. Nancy placed her thumb on the plug, gently wiggling it around as she began a light thrusting.
"Ahhh!"
"Well then, slut, what was it? Maybe you liked having a cock rammed down your throat the most? I could see your pretty, puffy lips being good for deepthroating."
"Oooh, God! Unnnngh!"
Brittany cried out as Nancy eased more of the strapon in, the girl's cunt spreading as it accommodated the long, wide shaft.
"Ahh, no ma'am! During the threesome the beautiful lady I mentioned took a load of cum in her mouth, then she was ordered to use her tongue to put it in my pussy. That was my favorite moment! Having her between my legs, her tongue fucking me while she spread the cum around, was the best moment for me."
Now it was Nancy's turn to moan, the memory of how she snowballed Billie's cum into Brittany's cunt nearly enough to make her orgasm.
"Oooooh, fuck! That sounds so hot!"
She grabbed Brittany's waist, pulling the girl towards her as she snapped her hips. It drove the rest of the nine inches into Brittany in one move, the teen wailing as she came from the unexpected friction. Nancy's own orgasm ripped through her, her soaked cunt clenching happily around the strapon. Once the tremors subsided she continued to mount Brittany, the dildo still in place. She reached between them, giving the plug a gentle push that made Brittany moan.
"Ooooh, oh God! I'm so full...Ugggh, fuck..."
"As you wish, my little slut."
Nancy once again began fucking Brittany, her pace unhurried as she built them back up to another climax. She toyed with the plug again, noticing how it had slid a little deeper now that Brittany's ass had begun to accept it.
"Look, I knew it! You're taking the plug like a true whore, and your body is practically begging for more. You'll make a fine ass-slut by the time I'm done with you."
"Oooh! Thank you ma'am..."
With her hips on autopilot Nancy reached both hands under Brittany, searching under the girl's bra to find her long-neglected nipples and giving them a firm squeeze. She played with the hard, swollen nubs, paying them extra homage as she continued thrusting into her step-daughter's well-stretched cunt. With a vicious twist from Nancy's experienced fingers Brittany came, the nipple-play on her extra-sensitive buds pushing her over the edge.
"Mommy, I'm cumming againnnnnn! Ahhhh!
Brittany's unexpected cry made Nancy draw back into her original position, and using the girl's hips as leverage she began pounding the teen at a merciless pace.
"Cum for me, baby girl! I want to feel you cumming around my big, hard cock!"
That sent Brittany over the edge, her body tensing as her biggest orgasm of the day tore through her. She bucked wildly, her back arching as she rode the cock buried in her pussy, and her movements shoved Nancy's end of the dildo further into her. As it bottomed out inside of her her own orgasm started, the two women cumming simultaneously once again. When Nancy could move she withdrew both toys from Brittany, her gaze appreciative as she watched the way Brittany's ass tried to clench the plug in place.
With a pop it finally released, the jeweled heart warm from being sandwiched between the women. Brittany gasped, her lips parting as her holes were left empty. On a whim Nancy thrust it immediately back in, the plug returning snugly.
"I was going to take that out, but I want you to wear it for awhile longer."
When Nancy returned five minutes later from cleaning the strapon Brittany had stripped herself, her top, bra and heels in a heap on the floor. She was reclining against the headboard, jewel heart on display. Her knees were bent up as one finger lazily circled her clit, her other hand gently pinching a nipple. She batted her eyelashes coquettishly, her tongue darting out to lick her lips as she gazed at Nancy's pussy.
"What do you want to do to me next, ma'am? You've paid for me all night, after all."
"Have I ever told you how much I appreciate a slut who can go for more than one round?"
Brittany giggled, a cute blush dancing across her cheeks.
"No ma'am, no client has ever told me that, but I like hearing it from you."
Nancy shot her step-daughter a cocky grin. She knew exactly what she wanted to do, and it had been awhile since they had dabbled in a little exhibitionism. She rummaged through a drawer, tossing two pieces of clothing to the girl.
"Here. I don't know if these will fit a knocked-up slut like you, but if they do then we're going to the pool."
Nancy already knew that Brittany's tits, having grown larger each month thanks to the pregnancy, weren't going to fit very well into the bikini top. That was the whole point though: if Brittany wanted to roleplay being a prostitute then she should dress like one. She watched her step-daughter shimmy into the bottoms, the material going on perfectly, and as she put on her own petite bikini her eyes were glued to Brittany's tits.
The teen had managed to get the top on, but her breasts were spilling out from the too-small cups. The bikini top hid little more than nipple pasties would have, and Nancy had to fight the urge to toss Brittany back on the bed for another fuck.
"There, ma'am, I managed to get it on. I think I'm ready for the pool now!"
Nancy grabbed her sunglasses and sunscreen, Brittany carrying out a towel for each of them. At that hour of the day the pool was deserted, just as Nancy hoped, and she and Brittany were able to claim lounge chairs under the only poolside umbrella. She laid down on her stomach, tying her hair up into a high ponytail. She held the subscreen out to Brittany, her intention clear.
"Here, slut, rub me. And don't you dare miss any spots, or I'll take back one of the hundreds. If you don't miss any then I'll be sure to return the favor."
Brittany placed one of the towels next to the lounge chair, kneeling down and squirting a large dollop of sunscreen into her palm. Soon Nancy's entire backside was covered and she flipped over, allowing Brittany's warm, soft hands to continue. The girl started with Nancy's face, working her way down. Once she reached Nancy's cleavage her movements slowed, her fingers spending extra time on the sides of Nancy's breasts.
"That's right, slut, cover it all. I don't want a sunburn."
Brittany did as she was bid, enjoying the intimate contact as she worked her way to Nancy's thighs. Once there she paid extra attention to the area around Nancy's bikini bottom, making sure to thoroughly coat the exposed skin. Upon completion Nancy stood, gesturing for Brittany to lay down.
"Good job. Now switch places with me, and I'll put some on you."
The teen obeyed, starting on her stomach as Nancy had. The routine went the same, until Nancy reached the girl's ass. She slid the bikini bottom part-way down, the thin material clinging to Brittany's ass cheeks. The heart glinted in the daylight, and Nancy couldn't help herself: she grasped the heart, pulling the plug out a few centimeters before forcing it back in.
"Oooh! Fuck!"
Brittany's ass wriggled delightfully, putting on a show for Nancy. The woman coated a bit of sunscreen across the girl's ass cheeks, then slid the bikini bottom back up before applying it to her legs.
"Flip."
The teen compiled, turning on to her back. Nancy resumed her administrations, ensuring that she covered every inch of the delicate skin. When she got to Brittany's tits she paused, taking a moment to admire the way the girl's nipples pressed against the skimpy fabric. They were begging for attention, and Nancy wanted to comply.
"Pull the top to the sides of your tits, slut. You're spilling out so much that I'd better cover everything if you don't want to burn."
Brittany did as she was bid, pulling the material to the sides of her tits. It pressed her perky breasts together even more, and Nancy felt her cunt growing wet. She squirted a large amount of sunscreen into her hands, rubbing them together to warm up the cold lotion. She lowered her hands onto Brittany's tits, her fingers splayed to take in as much of the breasts as she could. She began massaging them, loving the way that her step-daughter moaned whenever she dragged her palms across the girl's nipples.
Soon Brittany was panting, her face flushed and eyes locked on Nancy's hands.
"Does my whore like this attention?"
Brittany tore her eyes away, bringing them up to Nancy's face. Her gaze was heated, the look of lust sending a pleasant shiver down Nancy's spine.
"I love it, ma'am. You make me feel so good!"
Nancy merely nodded, her thumbs rubbing the cute, pink nipples once more before replacing the bikini top. She ignored Brittany's disappointed sigh, focusing her attention on covering the teen's belly and hips with sunscreen. Then she jumped down to the girl's feet, starting from the tops of those and working her way upwards. It didn't take her long to reach Brittany's thighs, and once she did it was clear that the girl was aroused. The girl had spread her legs on instinct, allowing Nancy to see that she was soaking wet.
"Damn, someone's turned on! Are you really such a whore that you get wet just from someone putting sunscreen on you? Whore is really the right career choice for you!"
Brittany tried to look ashamed, tried to act like the prostitute she was roleplaying, but her voice came out a shade too excited.
"Yes ma'am, I'm a true slut! Your hands feel amazing, and you're so sexy that I can't help but be turned on when you touch me."
Nancy reached out, sliding the flimsy material to the side and exposing Brittany's dripping cunt. If anyone had been walking by the poolside they would have gotten quite the eyefull.
"Well then, I guess I'd better help you get cleaned up before you get in the pool, or else you'll get cunt juice everywhere. Be quiet though, I don't want anyone to hear us."
Nancy leaned over, her tongue darting out to lick the girl's slit. Brittany gasped, lips parting erotically as Nancy spread her labia and began to lap at her cunt.
"Ooooh, fuck! What, what, ooooh...but what if someone sees you!?"
Nancy paused, tongue darting out to lick the juice off her lips as she looked at Brittany.
"Then they'll get quite the show, hummm? This shouldn't bother a slut like you, though; I'm sure you've been fucked in public tons of times."
With that she stood, getting off her knees and manipulating herself so that she was stomach-down on the lower half of the lounge chair. She lined her face back up with the dripping teen pussy before her, taking a hand and idly sliding a finger into the too-empty cunt. She thrust the single finger straight in and out for a minute or two, then added a second one. By the time five minutes had passed Brittany was taking three fingers, and Nancy's lips were latched around her clit. The girl was moaning, and if Nancy could have smirked she would have when she saw the curtains in Billie's apartment part slightly.
Nancy lapped up the last of the leaked cunt juice, her face in a fake frown as she sat up. She withdrew her fingers, earning a frustrated huff from the orgasm-denied teen. With a subtle movement Nancy pointed quickly, letting Brittany know exactly what was going on.
"Oh no! Your slutty moans have gained us some company. Good thing I was just about done, or else I might have been embarrassed."
Brittany bit her lip, the thought of Billie watching them turning both women on.
"I'm so sorry, ma'am! I promise to be a good whore from now on."
Nancy leaned in, planting a swift kiss on Brittany's lips. When she broke the kiss her lips hovered near Brittany's ear, the warm breath ghosting across the girl's heated skin.
"Too bad that I want you to be a very, very bad little slut once we're in the hot tub."
Nancy drew back, rising from the lounge and tossing Brittany a come-hither glance over her shoulder. She stepped into the pool, the cool water feeling luxurious on her skin. It only took a moment for the girl to follow her, and for a while they just swam and played around. Nancy's libido never died, however, and after about twenty minutes she was longing to get her hands back on Brittany. She exited the pool, knowing full well that she would be followed.
Together the two women climbed into the hot tub, the swirling, intense water a sharp contrast to the chill of the pool. Nancy sat herself down, gesturing to the spot next to her. Brittany obeyed, her back being pressurized by a jet the moment she was seated.
"Oooh! That feels nice."
Nancy leaned in, her lips brushing across Brittany's neck.
"It's only going to get better, slut. I want you to line your pussy up with the jet and let it hit your clit until you cum for me. I want you to scream when you cum; don't you dare hold anything back."
Brittany's eyes widened, but she didn't protest as Nancy reached over and slid the bikini bottoms off of her. The material floated to the water's surface, making it clear for their still-watching voyeur that Brittany was half-naked. Brittany adjusted herself, using the built-in seating of the hot tub to get her body angled just right. The moment the jet hit Brittany's clit she half-screamed, the sound carrying clearly. Nancy watched as Billie appeared back at her window, but her gaze was snatched back to Brittany as the girl grasped her arm.
"Fuck! Mommy, it's so strong!"
Nancy let out a moan, the sight of the teen's face twisted in a mixture of pain and bliss beautifully erotic. She reached down, her hand cupping over Brittany's pussy to shield it from the jet'a blast. The girl whimpered, her breasts heaving as she panted. Nancy cupped the cunt, her middle finger wiggling until it found its way inside of Brittany. She gasped, biting her lip as her step-mother slid a second finger into her.
"Okay baby girl, bend over more. I'll protect your little pussy, but I want that jet putting pressure on your ass plug instead."
Brittany let out another whimper, but she compiled. Her ass rose, the fingers inside her bending pleasantly as she moved.
Then the jet hit her ass.
"Fuuuuuck!"
Brittany wailed, her face contorting as the jet pressured the plug deeper into her no-longer-virgin ass. Her nubile body writhed, the intensity of her experience nearly too painful for her. Nancy's free hand practically ripped off her bikini bottom in her haste to touch her own pussy, and she began to scissor the two fingers she had buried in the girl's cunt.
"That's it baby, you can take it. You only have to stay there until you cum, okay? Then I'll let you have a break because you've been such a good girl."
Brittany managed a nod, her attention focused on the jet of water semi-fucking her ass.
"Take your top off baby girl, let Mommy make your nipples feel good."
In her daze Brittany obeyed, not even remotely caring that they were technically in public. When her tits were freed Nancy leaned over, her lips latching on the closest nipple. Her fingers fucked both of their cunts in tandem, her orgasm approaching swiftly as she gently bit Brittany's nipple. She was interrupted as Brittany spoke, her voice tight and strained.
"Mommy, please distract me. I need you to talk dirty to me. Tell me something sexy, like a fantasy, please! I need you too..."
She pulled her lips off of the puffy nipple, nodding her head appeasingly.
"Of course baby."
Nancy shifted herself, spreading her legs more as she thought of what she could say. As her eyes crossed over Billie's curtain inspiration struck, her fingers gently scissoring her step-daughter's cunt.
"You know what I think is sexy? How exposed you are right now. At this moment Billie is standing in her window watching us, and I'd bet you anything she's jacking herself off. It would be so easy for her to march down here, her cock hard and ready, and bend you over this hot tub. I'd watch as she'd fuck you so hard, her huge cock drilling your poor, tight little pussy until she blew her load in you..."
Brittany moaned, her pussy clenching around Nancy's fingers as she continued.
"You know why that wouldn't matter, though? Because she already knocked you up. You're six months pregnant with her bastard, and I think it's the sexiest thing ever. I love how big your tits have gotten, and you look so sexy in the maternity lingerie you bought last week to surprise me."
"Fuck, so close..."
That was all the reply Brittany could give, her pussy tightening as her orgasm approached. Nancy knew just what to say to push the girl over the edge, her own climax rushing towards her.
"Do you know what we're going to do when we're done here, baby? I'm going to bring you back to our bedroom, get you showered, fed and changed. Then we're going to take a nap, and when we wake up I'm going to fuck you into a nice, slow orgasm with my strapon. I'm going to suckle your tits, and you're going to moan as I play with your clit..."
That did it.
Both women came, hard. Brittany screamed, her combined sexual sensations pushing her over the edge. Nancy had teased her own clit perfectly, knowing just the moves to make them both reach their climax. She immediately pulled Brittany into her lap, away from the jet, and cradled the exhausted girl in her arms.
"You did so good, baby! I'm so proud of you."
Brittany rested her head in the crook of Nancy's shoulder, offering a weak nod. Nancy leaned down, gently kissing her lover's lips as the tingles from their orgasms subsided. She finally broke the kiss, helping Brittany out of the hot tub after they retrieved her discarded bikini. She was so glad that they had finally fulfilled Brittany's fantasy, and she looked forward to what the future held.