Two years, two long years. That's a year and a half longer than I planned on staying in this shit hole apartment, but thank God above, I'm finally out of here!
It's been a long, rough road the past couple years, but I persevered and it's paying off. This dump was pretty lousy at times, but overall, I was safe here and it was a means to an end.
So here I am, packing up the last of my clothes and little trinkets into the last box as I wait for Christina, the property manager, to come by and do a final inspection so I can get my deposit back. Christina has always been fair with me whenever any issue would arise, but beyond that, she's always been rather indifferent towards me. I suppose she's probably jaded from dealing with so many deadbeat tenants in this hell hole. Besides, what was I expecting? To become close pals with her?
No, that wasn't going to happen. She's probably around mid to late forties in age, maybe fifty, who knows? There's always been something about her though, some weird little bit about her that always tugged at my curiosity.
Maybe it was her build, tiny and petite, all of five feet, two inches tall and very thin, but she always wore some snug fitting slacks that hugged the curve of her ass and made it really pop, even if it was a bit skinny. I still liked it. Her ever present button down blouse that stayed untucked would sometimes cling just a bit, enough to remind me that she may be tiny, but she had a nice little rack on her.
Well, the last things are in the box, tape in hand, and the knock on the door reminds me of the business at hand.
"Hi Christina, thanks you for getting here on such short notice, I really appreciate it."
"Don't mention it, I was just one building over so it's convenient."
As poker faced as ever, she walks in and stands in the living room, looking around at the walls and carpet, checking for damage, so I turn to finish taping up my last box.
"So you're leaving us, huh? Where to?" she asks me.
"Northside of town, closer to work, much shorter commute for me, closer to my parents too, so it should work out well for me, I hope."
I put the tape down an see that she's walked into the bathroom and wasn't even listening to me respond. I'm not surprised.
I walk over to the bathroom door and ask if she sees any issues.
"No, nothing yet", she says, as if she's expecting or hoping to find something so she can keep my deposit. She opens the shower door to the tub then leans in, and her shirt slides up a bit to show off her pants at the waist and just a touch of skin above her hip. Her ass looks so shapely when she's bent over like that.
My mind ran to a vision of me walking up behind her right then and just grabbing her hips and pulling her to me and grinding my cock all over her ass. Geez, what the hell am I doing? I'm giving myself an erection right in front of her.
"Looks ok in here. I'm gonna go take a look in the kitchen."
I step out of her way and let her pass, hoping she doesn't see the bulge in my pants and am about to follow her until I think I'd better wait a second and let my dick go limp before I follow.
She walks into the kitchen and I just sort of stand there by the bathroom door, still enchanted with the thought of grinding against her, even with those snug fitting slacks on. I don't think I've ever been really attracted to Christina before, so I'm at a bit of a loss to explain why I suddenly have this urge.
She has never given me more than the time of day, and even that was when I needed something fixed or had a complaint about a loud neighbor. Her blond hair is pretty enough, if not bland, and her face definitely shows her age but has a particular something to it, one of those "if you knew what I was when I was twentysomething" sort of looks like she was a real wild child back a couple decades ago.
So why am I suddenly flush with the thought of groping her?
Now my thoughts are going even further than just rubbing my cock on her through our pants. Now I'm daydreaming about her naked ass bent over in front of me, pants around her ankles, imagining she's so tight that I'm really working to stuff my cock in her pussy.
I imagine her bent over, leaning on the tub, bare ass showing me her pussy, just calling me to her, glistening wet lips inviting me in.
Oh, fuck! I'm raging hard now and she's twenty feet away in the kitchen! My God, what am I thinking?
Then I answer myself - I'm thinking there's only two of us here, nobody else is around, and this is the last day she'll ever see me.
This is the only time in my entire life I will be in this exact situation with this particular woman ever again. I will only have a lost opportunity to look back on when she walks away.
Why is my heart racing so fast?
I'm standing here in my empty apartment, with a curiously attractive older woman in the other room, and nobody else will ever know what really happens in here after we walk out of this place. In the adult magazine fiction column of my mind, the possibilities are infinite.
I'm trembling like a leaf in a tornado just at the thought of making a move, but son of a bitch, I've almost convinced myself I've got to do something. But what? What happens if she freaks out? This isn't a porn magazine, it's real life. She might go ballistic and call the cops or something.
Calm the fuck down, you idiot. Breathe. I really don't think she'd call the cops, and even if she did, for what? Grabbing her ass? No, she's more likely to slap the shit out of me, and I can handle that.
No guts, no glory.
I'm still raging hard after all these thoughts, so I call to Christina.
"Christina? I think I found something, can you come take a look at this?"
I hear her answer and she comes walking back towards the bathroom door where I'm still standing and she's looking behind her into the kitchen while walking towards me, then she turns to me and stops cold, mouth wide open, eyes staring down at my rock hard cock and pants pulled down to my hips.
"Oh my God! Oh my God!"
She's just staring at my eight inches, and she hasn't blinked yet, jaw still dropped.
"This...Oh...What the...My God..."
I stand there in all my humiliated glory, still unsure of what to do next, and more terrified than I've ever been in my entire life. She's stopped mumbling now, and is still wide eyed staring at my cock. It's been fifteen seconds but it feels like an hour. She still hasn't moved, and is fixated on my cock, so I grab it with my hand and shake it a bit up and down.
She finally moves, but only to put her hand to her mouth and mutter an "oh."
"I hope you like it. I've wanted to show you this for a while."
Her silence and stillness are making me nervous. Was this the wrong thing to do? Am I in some serious trouble here? I wish she'd react in some way, just so at least I know what to do in response.
Geez, lady, I'm standing in front of you, cock out, rock hard, flashing you to your face. DO SOMETHING! SAY SOMETHING!
"This has never happened before," she finally says, and I finally exhale because she isn't losing her mind.
I'm shaking with fear but I can't just stand there all day in front of her, somebody needs to do something, so I'm going all in now. I walk towards her a few steps and she doesn't back away. I start stroking my cock just a bit, and even though I'm not sure I want the answer, I ask her what she thinks of it.
"Oh...my...it's, um...oh my...wow."
I'm still trembling but she hasn't freaked out, so I take two more steps right up to her and she still doesn't back away. Now I'm slowly stroking myself just inches away from her and her eyes are locked on to my cock, and her stare is making it feel like it wants to grow another inch.
"Wow, look at that." she finally says. She finally gives me a signal that she's not gonna go nuts or call the cops, and I'm still scared, but now there's a bit less fear and more arousal. I'm still slowly stroking myself, when I reach down and grab her hand from her side and cup her hand in mine and with my other hand, stroke her palm a bit, giving her an idea of what I'm thinking.
I pull her hand to my cock and she reaches out and gives it the lightest touch I've ever felt, I almost came into her hand right then.
I guide her hand by the wrist and slide it up and down my cock and her grasp is so light, I don't think I can take more than another ten seconds of it.
Just then, she does something I wasn't expecting, and she reaches to me and pulls my pants down all the way to the ankles. I'm completely prone to her now, bare assed with no way to hide, I'm at her will now.
She takes one hand and starts caressing the head of my cock while the other hand is slowly sliding up and down the shaft with that same light touch, and I lean my head back and groan.
"Is this what you want? You want me to stroke your cock?"
I just moan, unable to speak. I lean forward and see her head still looking down at my cock, and her nipples are poking straight through her blouse. I've never seen her nipples hard like that, they were beautiful.
I reached up to graze the back of my hand over her left nipple and she arched up into it at my touch.
Now she's cupping my balls and massaging them with her left hand and stroking my cock with her right, loose fist from the head all the way down, and she's getting a strong rhythm that's getting me into it.
I look down to see her hand going back and forth the length of my cock, and the feeling is getting stronger and stronger. Now I'm reaching down to her hips, pulling her closer, wishing her pants were off, because now I have to fuck her. I'm groping her hips and ass, pulling her pussy close to my cock, even if her pants are still on.
She steps back against the wall and pulls me to her, still stroking away on my cock with one hand, now reaching behind my back to pull me close to her. I can feel the head of my cock rubbing against her pants, and her hand is still stroking away to perfect rhythm.
I put my hands up on the wall above her and now she's using both hands cupped together to stroke my cock on all sides. I begin thrusting my hips forward and back into her hands, like they're the sweetest pussy I've ever fucked.
She's got me into her rhythm now, and I'm hand fucking her and she's got my cock pulsating and about to explode.
"That's a good boy, that's it, yes, that's how we do it, are you gonna give me your cum?"
I lean further forward now, leaning my elbows against the wall and am all out fucking her hands and she knows it's working. Her soft skin all around my cock feels like Heaven and I can't hold out. I'm fucking her hands faster and faster and she's running them up and down, up and down, up and down...
"Uhhhhhhh!!"
My cum shot out harder than I've ever felt before, and she never missed a beat, her hands kept her pace while I shot out a few smaller loads until I was dry.
Christina then looked down at my cock, wet with cum, and slowly wrung her hands around it, slathering my cum all over herself. She gave a few more slower strokes up and down my cock. My cum has made a mess of her blouse, but she doesn't seem to care if she noticed.
"Ok, everything looks ok here, you can come get your deposit back in three days."
And with that, Christina walked out of my old apartment like nothing ever happened.