I couldn't tell you how relieved I was when I saw Dr. Bernard come down the stairwell with some clothes for me to wear. In the meantime, I was just sitting with my bare ass on the couch while Bridget sat in my lap exchanging conversation and kisses. She jumped off me as her mother approached, flashing her my penis again. I didn't bother to cover up this time because I just as quickly reached for the stack of clothes Dr. Bernard presented me. "Thank you very much Doctor!" I fumbled through the clothes trying to find if she brought me any underwear. All I had was a pair of jeans and a black turtleneck. "Uh..." I stood there dumfounded.
"These are my husband's old clothes. I considered bringing you a pair of his underwear but I had a feeling my Jakob wouldn't appreciate that." I could understand that reasoning. I haven't even met Bridget's father yet but I can't imagine he will be too happy that a teacher is dating his daughter let alone borrowing his underwear. I just had to go commando on this one.
Both Bridget and her mother just stood there looking at me with big fat smiles on their faces as they were enjoying the sight of me standing naked looking worried over my lack of clothing options. I blushed as I noticed their attention then fumbled into the jeans Dr. Bernard brought. She let out a laugh as she watched my bare butt jiggle a bit as I yanked up the jeans to my waist. She got one last look at my penis as I tucked it behind the zipper. It felt a little a little awkward wearing pants without underwear, everything felt so airy and uncomfortable down in my nether regions. Once I finished pulling the turtleneck above my head, Bridget came over with my glasses to place them on my face. She gave me a quick kiss on the cheek.
"Still as sexy as ever professor."
"Let us hope I don't have to lose my pants just so you could admire me."
She shook her head, "I would never wish for that."
"Save the flirting for later," Dr. Bernard stepped between us. "Before I show you around Avery, do you have another class today? I know you teach math and you are posing nude for another class."
It is a glorious thing that I do have days off. I didn't have to parade myself in the nude in front of an entire football field of horny students. Having a day like this will make the week go by faster. In total, I will only have two more classes after today where I would have to pose nude for the art class then I will finally be finished.
Dr. Bernard insisted that I stay over for the rest of the day and I happily agreed. We mutually decided to take this opportunity to get to know each other better. I discussed how I was originally a high school swim coach for a brief period before transferring over to Intectus Deprehendi as a Mathematics professor. A certain incident occurred at the high school that made me want to leave so I could expand my horizons. My degree qualified me for several universities but I settled on Intectus since my friend Santiago decided to come here as one of the first male students since the campus became coed. Santiago was a bit nervous coming to a school that only women attended recently even though his steady girlfriend was going there. Having a male friend come along made him feel more comfortable about being one of the handful of guys attending this year even if I was a teacher. Intectus was a prestigious school by reputation and I sought to make my mark there by being the first male professor to bring my students to greatness in some way or other. Santiago was thrilled to have me close by though we both agreed that he should never take any of my classes to avoid any conflict of interest. Not that either of us thought that I would show favoritism but Santiago joked about how I would ride him harder than any of my other students so he was better of taking slacker classes instead. Dr. Bernard and I had a laugh at that. My anecdote seemed to lighten the mood.
Dr. Bernard showed me several rooms throughout the house that I never got to see before. All the while she told me how she met her husband Jakob and how they came over from Europe for his business while she became a doctor. Bridget leaned into me as she held my arm and her mother didn't look like she minded one bit. Things continued to go well as Bridget brought me to a room with a ping-pong table. I decided to indulge her in a game in which she totally wiped the floor with me. Afterward, we explored the garden and headed inside to watch a mystery thriller movie. I never thought I could find another person's company so pleasurable. I loved spending time with my friends but spending it with Bridget gave me a light and tender feeling I had never experienced before.
Between various conversations and activities, night time came too quickly. Dr. Bernard insisted I stayed the night in the guest room. She seemed to warm up to me a little. Right after I agreed to take her up on her offer, she did mention that there would be a catch...
"You will have to try on any kind of outfit Ingrid makes for you in the morning." Dr. Bernard said.
"I beg your pardon?" Surely I didn't hear her correctly.
"You see, I love that girl almost as much as my own daughter. She has so much talent in fashion but not a lot of models to literally embody her vision. All I ask, considering you're already short on wardrobe, is that you put on the outfit she made for you come morning."
"What kind of outfit did she make?"
"You'll know it when you see it."
I swallowed. I knew I was going to regret agreeing to this but I found myself wanting for Dr. Bernard's approval very badly. "Right, whatever it is I will wear it."
"Splendid. Do you want to share a room with Bridget tonight? Or would you like to sleep downstairs Professor Finn? I understand that both you and Bridget are considered adults, and you may not be able to resist the temptations that come with staying under one roof together." Dr. Bernard's tone was even but held a hint of urgency.
I blushed at her implications, "I understand Dr. Bernard, thank you for your generous offer of letting me stay over and of course I will be sleeping downstairs. I do not wish to overstay my welcome." There was that, and I still couldn't gage the doctor's take on my relationship with her daughter. I don't think she disapproved but I had this aching feeling in the back of my head that reminded me of something calculating. It was the feeling I usually get around Scarlet.
"Ah, I understand. Bridget, fetch your father's pajamas for your new beau to wear for the night. He won't be home until morning anyway. I am going to turn in early, you know where to find me if you need anything."
"Sure thing mother." Bridget gave her mother a quick hug and went off on her task as Dr. Bernard retired to her bedroom. In that short period of time I was alone in their house, I decided to look around. Bridget's mother was a doctor so I imagined she was well off but what did her father do for a living? Judging by the works of art and the fur carpeting on the floor her must have some kind of prestigious profession. I will have to admit, I felt a bit intimidated. I never once cared about how a girlfriend's parents might see me until Bridget. My God, does that mean that I think she is special?
I shook off such an embarrassing thought and none too soon since Bridget came down the stairs with a set of sea foam-green silk pajamas and a blanket. "Try these on, I will think they will fit." Bridget handed me the pajamas.
"Thank you Bridget." I waited for her to leave but she just stood there watching me "Um, do you have somewhere I can change?" She remained silent. I sighed, I should have known better. I turned around pulled off the black turtleneck. It may seem ridiculous at this point but I still felt embarrassed whenever Bridget stared at my naked body. Not that I wasn't used to it at this venue but there was always something about the intensity of her gaze that made my body go through shameful urges on an emotional, mental, and physical level. I try to hide them as best as I can to maintain at least some degree of etiquette.
As I undressed (bare in mind I was still going commando), I could feel Bridget's hot stare on my buns as I slipped out of the jeans and into the silk bottoms. As I slipped my arms through the shirt, Bridget circled in front of me and started fastening the buttons. She left a trail of kisses up my chest on the exposed skin right before she buttoned me all the way up. Once she reached my neck, she wrapped her arms around me and gave me soft quaint kiss right on my lips. I put my arms around her and gave her another one.
"Are you sure you don't want to sleep in my room Avery? I only have a twin bed but I don't mind squeezing in." She looked dreamily into my eyes.
I wont deny it, I was tempted. How I wish I could just give into my carnal desires and whisk my woman up the stairs and ravage her in her tiny bed all night long.
Alas, I had my damn morals. To take advantage of her family's generosity not for one but two nights in a row felt like I was pushing it. So, reluctantly, I shook my head no.
Bridget just shrugged, she appeared to be okay with my decision. She walked me over to the couch where she fluffed up a cushion for a pillow and beckoned me over. I laid my head down gently and Bridget tossed the blanket over my body. Once she was finished tucking me in, she leaned over my face and started kissing me. I reciprocated gratefully and placed my hands on her sides. Bridget swung her leg over my body and straddled me. We began kissing more passionately, deeper. Just when things were about to escalate, she suddenly pulled away and leapt off of me. "Well, you get some good sleep Avery. Goodnight."
I glanced at the tent between my legs. Getting to sleep after that was going to be a real chore. Hopefully, I can endure the night and pray that nothing too hectic happens in the morning.
*****
When Bridget ran up the stairs and I was left lying there, feeling bereft and aroused. I was so pent up, it took me a while to fall asleep, and when I did, I was assailed with erotic dreams about Bridget. All of them were so vivid and intense, that I woke up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat. My heart was racing, my body was burning, and I had an erection that threatened ruin upon the silk bottoms that I wore.
"Avery." I heard the sound of Bridget's delectable accent coming from the top of the stairs. I lifted myself off the couch and looked up at her leaning over the railing in nothing but a night shirt. She looked directly at me then retreated back into her room as if she were giving me a silent message. I couldn't bring myself to leave her alone so I peeled off the pajama shirt that was now drenched in sweat and silently padded up the stairs. I stood before her door wondering if I should knock. Turns out I didn't have to. Almost as if she knew I was standing out there waiting for her, Bridget opened the door with a smile on her face. "What took you so long Professor? It's not like you to keep a girl waiting."
"Had some trouble sleeping." Was all I could say.
"Same here, maybe we can bring about a solution?" Bridget knelt down and pulled down my pajama bottoms with her. My boner sprung free so quickly that it slapped my stomach. Before I could do anything, Bridget kissed the head of my erection and stood up undoing the buttons on her nightshirt. I could tell right away she was naked under this garment as well. Once she unfastened the last button, Bridget stepped behind the door and slipped her nighty off. Peering from behind the door to look at the sheen of sweat on my chest, she held her last piece of clothing before me in her hand. She dropped her shirt to the floor then quietly closed the door in front of me as if to say: The next move is yours.
Just like that, all sense of mannerisms and decorum went straight out the window. I no longer had any self-control or presence of mind to restrain my actions. I stepped out of the silk pajama bottoms around my ankles and kicked them down the hall. I opened up Bridget's door and barreled right in.
"Bridget?" I called.
"Over here." She answered.
I turned my head and saw Bridget lying on her twin bed, her naked body wrapped up seductively in a sheet. Shutting the door behind me, I ran right over to her and literally jumped into the bed with her, wrapping my arms around her enticing body. Crushing my mouth against her own, we both quickly let our hands explore each other thoroughly. Truth be told, I got quite excited when Bridget tied me up (though I would never tell anyone) but nothing can compare to the sensation I got when I got to hold her in my arms and thrust deeply into her as we made passionate love throughout the night.