Author's Note: In Chapter 1, Island fever infected normally reserved Ami, leading her to let loose with her husband, Ren, and exercise her exhibitionist side.
*****
Ami fell back into the room laughing as soon as she realized she had been spotted.
"Oh my God," she cried, "There's someone out there, and she saw me."
Her husband, Ren, had been ogling her butt as she stood at the window and was now smiling at her reaction. Shaking his head at the goofiness of his wife, he said, "Who saw you?"
"A woman out there," Ami replied. "She was looking right at me!"
For some reason, the fact that she had been spotted cracked Ami up, and she couldn't stop laughing, partially embarrassed that she had been seen, but also partially excited by the "accident."
"I doubt she could have really seen you," Ren assured her. "It's too dark."
"There's enough light," Ami protested, slightly annoyed that he wasn't as "mortified" as she was. "I know she could see me, and I could see her too."
Ren smiled again and didn't argue any more. "Well, then, you certainly gave her something to remember on this vacation." Ami giggled at the thought.
"You know?" she said, "I think she might have been touching herself!"
"Oh come on," Ren said. "How could you tell that?"
"I just caught a glimpse, but I could see she had one leg propped on the table, and I swear her hand was between her legs!"
"I think your imagination is running away with you," Ren said, grasping her hand and pulling her down onto the bed beside him. "You were a naughty girl, though, and I think you might need a spanking."
"No, I don't!" Ami said, but before any other words left her mouth, Ren's bare hand came down on her left cheek with a loud slap.
"Ow!" Ami said. "Don't!"
But she made no real effort to get away, and a second slap landed on the opposite cheek, eliciting a whimper from the prostrate woman.
With the third slap, the whimper turned into a moan and the protesting stopped.
By the time the fourth landed, Ami was raising her ass in the air slightly to receive the blow.
Ren paused his barrage and ran his hand over her warmed up backside - red hand prints clearly visible on both cheeks.
Ami sighed under the caress and parted her legs slightly as he moved his fingers down her ass to the juncture of her thighs.
She was getting wet again, and Ren's finger slipped easily into her pussy. He began finger fucking her and soon she was lifting her hips to take his digit more deeply.
"Fuck me!" she cried. "I want your cock inside me!"
Ren was a little taken aback by her dirty talk. He guessed her exhibitionist episode had inspired her and further released her inhibitions.
He got up from the bed and pulled his wife to the edge so that she was standing with her torso bent over the bed.
"Oh yes!" she said. "Just like that."
With a single thrust, Ren drove his hard cock into her hole from behind, and Ami cried out at the sudden penetration. She buried her face in the covers to muffle her scream as Ren plowed her from behind.
The bed was rocking and the headboard was banging against the wall, and Ami was secretly thrilled that whoever was in the room next door would no doubt know what their neighbors were up to.
"That's it!" she hissed. "Oh God, fuck me hard!"
"You are a bad girl, aren't you?" Ren accused, getting into the role play. "I bet you wish she was watching you get fucked like this right now."
"Yes!" Ami admitted a little reluctantly.
"You probably wish you could do her too, don't you?"
"Yes!" she said. "I wish she was licking my clit while you fuck me. That would be so hot!"
Ren thought so too, and the picture his wife had painted in is mind was driving him close to orgasm even though he had already cum a short while ago.
He tried to clear the image from his mind so that he could last longer. Ami, sensing he was close, thrust her hand between her own legs, alternating between using her fingers to circle her clit and then grabbing Ren's slick shaft as it pumped in and out of her.
That was too much for Ren, and he groaned loudly as he pumped his second load deep into his wife.
"Aghh!" he cried as his semen leapt from the tip of his penis.
"Oh, baby, I'm sorry! That was just too hot, and I couldn't hold out any longer." He felt guilty because he knew she hadn't cum yet.
Ami collapsed on the bed with Ren on her back panting almost as hard.
"That's OK, baby," she assured him. "It was pretty hot for me too. You'll just owe me one," she said with a smile in her voice, knowing full well that he was good for it.
Exhausted, they crawled into bed and immediately fell asleep.
Ren awoke a few hours later, and realized that the cause was Ami moaning and whimpering in her sleep. He thought about waking her, but the sounds were not those of pain or fear, but rather lust, and he wondered to himself just what or whom she was dreaming about.