Candi's eyed bulged wide at the voice before her. Rapidly she gathered her night shirt from the swings arm rest and covered herself shrinking in embarrassment.
"Kevin! Oh my God! You scared the heck out of me. I'm so humiliated."
Eighteen year old "Kevin Palmer" smirked at her then pointed toward the steps of the porch, "Hey, I'm cool. It's not me you need to be humiliated by. It's them.'
She sits up straight clinging to her shirt as she whined, "Who?" Kevin took his Varsity Football jacket off and stepped toward Candi gallantly in hopes to cover her before...too late.
Three of Kevin's fellow Senior's bolted into view to seize the moment before it was lost. Kevin in turn looked back, "C'mon guys! This is my Brother's ole lady! Give her a break."
Candi utilized Kevin's frame to block their view as she yanked her night shirt over her head and arms, standing to pull it down. She then, shivered dramatically.
"What are you doing here?"
Kevin offered his coat but she declined, still embarrassed. As a result he puts it back on then steps over to sit on the porch railing. "We were just walking off some steam. We lost our game tonight. Sorry for our bad timing."
One of his buddies coughs into his hand, "I'm not!" which makes Kevin avoid a chuckle at her expense.
Candi curls up in a fetal position on the swing using the shirt to cover even her toes. Eyes lowered she gasps, "How long were you standing there?"
Kevin wants to lie but doesn't, "Oh, Damian. I wish my fingers were yours."
In response she turns pale, "Oh!" realizing that was very early into her masturbation. "Did they?"
He leers back at his friends, "See you? Through the porch fencing I guess."
Stunned she ponders their thoughts as they stare at her. Then, she realizes her webcam is still recording. The note makes her timidly smile. She had sort of given her Husband more than he bargained for. Only, she could never send the complete video due to it involving his baby brother. She questioned if she should ever tell Damian. She had too. Sooner or later Damian would hear it from Kevin.
She closed the laptop tightly with an outstretched arm, "Kevin? Let me be the one to tell Damian how I screwed up. Please?"
Kevin raised an eyebrow, "Screwed up? How? Who cares! We're all adults. Well except for Jesse over there. Still in diapers his Mom says."
Candi giggles then blushes as Jesse moves over to wrestle with Kevin playfully. Once they stopped Jesse looked down at Candi, "Don't sweat it! it's natural! Hell we all masturbate ten times a day."
Another friend Roger stepped forward closer to them, followed by the fourth friend Victor, "Says you, Hand job! I get laid ten times a day!" courted Roger.
Roger and Victor moved to her opposite side to lean against the siding of the house.
Kevin and Jesse both roll their eyes, "Close your Hustler and stop dreaming!" utters Kevin.
Kevin then puts his hands up, "Seriously, Candi. No harm done. Tell my Bro if you want. It was our fault for coming by without calling first. Just prowling the streets and drowning our sorrows. What you did wasn't a bad thing. Kind of hot actually!"
Each of his friends concurred in their own guttural manner. The words and actions made her feel more at ease. Still she felt shivers of shame one instance and the thrill of being caught exciting her just the same.
Legs numb from her fetal position she finally allowed her feet and legs to emerge from beneath her cotton cocoon. Toes on the wood floor of the porch she sits up from her slouch. It hadn't occurred to her that her shirt had wet spots all over the lower half of the hem. Not only that but her nipples were still fiercely erect. A swift glance around her found all eyes on her chest. She didn't know how to react.
"So you lost your game?"
They all groaned as one as they were reminded. Kevin stammered in his speech faintly, "Yeah, by 22 points. Miserable night. Bitched out by the Coach and jilted by the crowd."
Jesse added, "And, the girls."
Victor hissed, "Gina even. So much for Cheerleader moral support."
Roger then pulled something from his coat pocket that drew Candi's attention to him as he spoke, "So much for recording our victory. Might as well erase this bitch."
Suddenly, Candi had an inspiration. She turns her profile to gaze at Kevin, "Kevin? Can I ask you a humongous favor?"
Kev squinted toward her wondering what she wanted. He noted her hesitance to ask aloud and tried to be a stud by motioning her toward him with a curling finger. She had hoped for the other way around but knew he would be stubborn around his friends.
Summoning the courage to stand she stepped over to him as he stood erect towering over her. At his 6 foot 2 stance she was forced to stretch to reach his ear. In doing so her ass cheeks came into view of Roger and Vic. Their eyes focused on her derrieres perfection. She could hear their whispers behind her.
She mutters, "I know this is hard to ask but Damian wants me to find somebody to videotape me playing with myself. He doesn't approve of my attempts by webcam. If he trusts anybody it must be you. Right?"
Kevin stares at her eyes as she lowers to her heels looking up at him. He could witness her distress and wishful hopelessness. He then looks over at Roger's hand held camera. Puckering he gently nudges her aside to motion Roger into a huddle one on one.
"Dude! I need to borrow that camcorder."
Roger pulls back, "No way! Nobody touches, "Cecil". Playfully named after "Cecil B. DeMille" Kevin argues in whispers for five minutes without success, having to explain why he needed the camera. As Roger heard the request he nominated himself to be her cameraman. Unfortunately, the other's picked up on their discussion.
Candi held her face in her hands out of embarrassment. Suddenly, she blurted, "Stop! I'm going to face my humility here for Damian's sake. He can record me, Kevin. They can watch. I trust you to keep this safe and between us. It's not like they haven't already seen me."
She hesitates suddenly, "Is everyone here at least Eighteen? Please be of age."
They all nodded and grinned at one another. Each producing a driver's license to comfort her feelings toward the subject. As she confirmed their I.D.s the guys drooled over her.
Kevin fidgeted, "Dudes! This IS my sister-in-law! If I find out anybody here spreads rumors I'll beat them bloody." His drama made Candi smile. It was nice to know Kevin was dependable and looked out for her. She took a deep breath, "I can do this!"
Victor moved the table with her laptop out of the way as Candi watched. Roger in turn moved closer, "I promise my video will only be seen by us. You can keep the memory chip."
Candi smiled brightly then leaned up on her toes to offer him a peck on the cheek, "Thank you!"
Roger sighed at the scent of her perfume, "Do you need direction?"
She shakes her head contemplating an answer, "Do I need direction? I'm basically just doing what I filmed on the laptop. Right? Unless you think you have any advice."
Kevin steps up with a clearing of his throat, "This isn't a Porno, Larry Flint. Just better quality for my Brother in Iraq. Let her do her thing you just shoot the better quality."
She steps over and hugs Kevin's arm laying her cheek on his coat sleeve, "Thank you, Kevin! I don't object to a few ideas if you think it will impress Damian. I want to give him a good show."
Kevin feels a tingle in his jeans at her closeness. Her chest crushing against his forearm felt incredible. It was difficult to erase her beauty and the fact he often imaged her naked. Having already seen her play earlier made his pressure to be decent even more disturbing. Even he wanted to offer suggestions for his own benefit but knew it would bite him in the ass later. Finally, he turns to her face to face and grips her biceps forcing her to feel his strength. A stern look down at her made her shake. "Do what you did earlier only more intense. Make my Brother feel every muscle and nerve in your body scream for him." He guides her backwards toward the bench swing and sits her down. She keeps her eyes glued to his, respecting his direction.
Kevin felt her tense slightly at his control knowing she must be feeling the family tension. He had no right to touch her in this manner. So forcefully! Yet, He felt a tug inside him to help her in this delectable quest. He might as well enjoy himself the best he could. It may never happen again.
Once she settles in he releases her arms and lowers his hands to assist her removal of the t-shirt. In seconds she was once again completely nude. She blushed heavily beginning to fold her arms over her heavily breathing chest. Kevin saw her reaction and retaliated, "If you're going to do this, do it right. Think of Damian. Would he want you to hide that beautiful set of tits?"
She drops her jaw at his compliment, "That sounds strange coming from you. You're soooo right though. Do you really think the girls are beautiful?"
All of them belt out in unison, "YESSSSSSSSSS!"
She sat there a moment in awe of their reaction, "Wow! Okay! Any other ideas?"
Victor options, "Question? Are we here as far as Damian knows? Or are we ghosts?"
Kevin shakes his head, "You might be a ghost if he finds out. Hell, I might be."
As she listened to their fears she speaks up, "I won't lie to Damian. I'll tell him on the video. I'll accept the blame if he's upset. I know he's always wanted me to be more open minded."
Kevin nods, "I'll share in the blame. I'll tell him we agreed on helping you open your mind. It was my choice to let others watch."
"Okay! Let's get started. It's getting late and I need to be at the Fitness Center to open."
Roger ushers Kevin out of the camera and gathers her entire body in the lens. "Candi, I'm going to go close up on your face. Talk to Damian and tell him what you need to. When you close your eyes and begin to touch yourself I'll go wide and get your whole body in the shot."
She nods her agreement when Roger spouts, "Action!"
A tender shot of her mesmerizing eyes leads to her whole face, "Hi Baby! Here's my attempt to satisfy what you want of me. I took your advice and got help to film me playing for you. I hope you don't get angry with me but I found it necessary to ask your brother Kevin. He said yes. He's right in front of me. I was sooooo unsure of this but my love for you is making me step out of the box. I need to impress you! I can't live without you." She pouts blowing him a kiss.
"There's more before I begin. Kevin's friends are here too. They snuck up on me earlier when I was filming my first attempt at this on my laptop. They've seen me masturbate almost start to finish before I noticed them. It was tense at first but I think we're all comfortable now. So forgive me if this isn't what you wanted. I hope this makes you sleep sound at night. This is me making love to you a world away." Her emotions trail to her fingers as her eyelids seal to focus on her vision of Damian.
"Ohhhh! My clit is so sensitive. I'm so wet Damian! I need your cock inside me. I need your lips kissing my neckline. Sucking and biting at my hard nipples. Squeezing the girls together around your face. Your tongue trailing down to devour my pussy. I can feel your tongue flicking at my clit. Digging deep inside me. Your fingers probing my ass hole. GOD! I NEED YOU!"
Her fingers buried deeply she curls her toes and moves her mind solely on seeing and feeling Damian there with her. Possessed by him. She slides down into the swing to lay on her back forcing Roger to follow her movements to keep her in the frame. His own cock bulging in his jeans.
"I can feel your breath on me. So warm! Caressing my hips as you lift my legs. Your huge cock rubbing my clit readying to penetrate. Fuck me Baby!" She coo's as if feeling a cock actually penetrate her. With that both of her hands work together. Left hand burying three fingers deep. Her right hand massaging her clit fiercely. Agonizing moans follow trickles of cum that trail her ass cheeks.
Kevin and the others drew closer out of compulsion. They wanted a close up view. Roger tried to keep them out of the frame but it was becoming impossible. His waves were being ignored. Even by Kevin.
"Damian! I love you! I need your hands all over me. I must feel your hot exhales. I need to cum for you as never before." She was in a deep emotional trance. Nothing around her could penetrate her dream.
Her body writhing in ecstasy enticed Kevin and Victor to kneel down beside Candi and reach out delicately to lay their palms on her stomach and chest. Kevin couldn't help himself. He had no regrets at this moment.
Jesse swallowed at their boldness noticing she had no reaction to their touch. Strangely, her mind was so dedicated to Damian that reality was a million miles away. If Kevin would stoop this low with Candi being his sister-in-law then Jesse had no qualms himself. Jesse moved to the left side of the porch swing and carefully leaned over to exhale on her cheek as if it were Damian. His thought was to give her the better part of her fantasy.
Holding the camera steady became difficult for Roger as his hand rubbed his crotch. He couldn't hold back the tightness building up. He was fully and monstrously erect. Yet, he did his best to stay as close to her alluring body as possible.
The hands of Kevin and Victor roamed her body delicately as they slipped into camera view. Roger grit his teeth hoping this wasn't going to turn ugly. Still even he allowed his hand to leave his crotch and rub her legs moving upward toward her overactive fingers sinking and probing for her G-spot.
Her voice continued her desires, "Damian! Kiss me sweetly. Show me you love me!"
Both Kevin and Victor picked up on her words and looked at each other before shrugging. Lowering their faces to her flesh they pelted her with warm tender kisses pressed ever so gently along her hips and shoulder.
Above her Jesse leaned to her ear and kissed her lobe opting to barely suckle on it. The sensation ran through Candi like wildfire and she shivered. Her movement made them pull away and watch further. Her mumbles rambling to her distant lover, "Don't stop! Please, Damian."
Convinced it safe to return they continued warmly kissing her body. Roger above stood erect to videotape on a downward stance. Capturing the backs of their heads Roger panned over to capture her bulging 34D's crushed together by her arms. He became entranced by the nipples staring back at him. So beautiful.
Suddenly, Roger felt Candi's toes rubbing along his leg forcing him to momentarily lose focus with his camera hand. He felt her mounting tension. With a whisper he gets the attention of the others, "Dudes! She's about to cum."
Her voice raises and her body quakes, 'DAAAAAAAAAMIANNNNNNN!"
A massive flood of juices squirts from her pussy and splatters the camera lens. Roger's eyes bulge at the sight, "Whoa! I filmed this in 3D."
Before she could recover Kevin and the boy's stepped back.
Eye's fluttering open Candi weeps tears, "Thank you! All of you! It felt like Damian was truly here with me. I can't wait for him to see this. I know it's going to make him crazy."
Kevin felt guilty suddenly and opted to repent, "Candi? I hope you can forgive us. We lost control a little. We touched and kissed on you. I think it was more than us hoping to help you achieve my brother's fantasy."
She opened her mouth in shock, "It felt so real. It was like Damian was here. I'm not sure how to react to your stepping over the line. I held you in high regard. Trusted you to keep me safe."
He nods, "And, I did! Nobody hurt you. Nobody went too far. Do you know how hard it is to see you do this and not get turned on? Sister-in-law or not!"
She sits up licking her fingertips of her wetness with a haunted look in her eye. She knew it would test their resistance. They didn't go too far. She smiles faintly, "I need to go to bed."
Roger hands her the memory card for his camera. "Here! Just download it. When you mail it do it in 3 minutes edits. I hope Damian likes it."
She reaches for her T-shirt and merely holds it rather than putting it on. Why cover herself now she questioned. Standing up on rubbery legs she loses her balance and falls into Kevin's arms. Seeing her do so, he without reservation picks her up in a cradle and storms her past everyone and into her house. He took her shamelessly straight upstairs and laid her in her bed. Covering her up to her neck he leans over and kisses her forehead, "That's from Damian. Night, Sis!"
He then left the house. Roger had installed the video on her desktop while they were gone and put her laptop inside the house on a coffee table. A scribbled note would let Candi know what to do.
Upstairs Candi wept!