Carrie and I were excited about our upcoming trip together even though it was work related for me. She was getting to go with me and that made it worth going. I would have to work some during the day but I knew she would be waiting for me at the hotel when I got back.
A few nights before we were leaving we were sitting on the couch and kissing each other and talking about several things including the trip. As is common with us, our conversation changed to a playful and sexual nature.
"What am I going to do all day while you are at work?" Carrie asked me.
"We are staying right in the inner harbor. There are plenty of places to walk to and go shopping. Just don't wander too far away from the hotel."
"I can only do so much shopping baby." Carrie responded with her beautiful smile showing.
"I don't know, maybe you can find a woman to fulfill that fantasy of ours." I replied, only half jokingly.
Carrie and I had been talking about a fantasy involving me being in complete charge but having another woman touch and tease Carrie while I watched and gave directions. This wasn't a regular threesome fantasy. I didn't want the woman to touch me at all, only Carrie.
Carrie smiled and said, "Yum, that could be fun."
"I'm not kidding baby. I am totally serious." I assured her.
"Really baby? I think it would be fun but I don't even know how to find a woman or how to approach that." Carrie said.
"Baby, there are websites everywhere. I am sure we could find someone if we really tried. Plus, you are so fucking sexy any woman would love to have a chance at you." I told her, my cock growing hard at just the thought.
"Hold on. Let me get my laptop."
I went in the other room and got my laptop and we started looking at different websites that try and match people in these type of situations. We selected the Baltimore area and started looking around one site in particular that advertised for the exact type of thing we were looking for. We had to pay a fee but if I had a chance to watch this happen I was sure willing to pay it!
After we paid we set up a profile and basically said we were going to be in the Baltimore area in a few days and would be interested in exploring if the situation was right. I put a picture of the two of us together and went into detail of exactly what we were looking for in the narrative area.
We looked through the profiles and pictures and saw a few that it was obvious that Carrie found attractive.
We stopped at a woman with strawberry blonde hair that was 36 years old and was very pretty.
"She's hot." Carrie said.
It was sexy to see Carrie looking at this site with me and the two of us looking to make this fantasy come true.
I can always tell when Carrie is excited and horny. She doesn't try and hide it and this was no different. Carrie knew this was a fantasy for me but I also knew it was for her. Her favorite type of porn is girl/girl and I am convinced that she can picture herself being in the middle of some of those scenes she watches. It doesn't bother me. I know she loves me and she has made it clear that she doesn't want another man to ever touch her but also doesn't want another woman to ever touch me. I am good with that! Carrie is all I want. She is my perfect lover, fantasy and soulmate.
The woman's name on her profile was Isla. She had a few pictures that were in a bathing suit and in some lingerie. I agreed with Carrie that she was pretty.
"Send her a message Baby." I told her.
"Really? Are you sure?"
"I think it would be fun. I just want to make sure that she understands you are mine and I am in charge. I will be watching and touching you but also telling both of you want I want you to do."
Carrie sent Isla a message on the site, not expecting anything in return. Even if she didn't respond, it was still fun.
I had noticed Carrie was squirming some as we were looking and she definitely was now as she was typing. I pay really close attention to how Carrie moves, breathes and looks all of the time and it was clear that she was excited and aroused. I was also and there was no hiding it. My cock was fully erect and pushing against my shorts.
"Well, now we just wait and see what happens." I told her.
I put my hand between Carrie's legs and her pussy was completely soaked. I mean completely. I knew this would drive her crazy and I was right. I laid her back and put my finger inside her and started to rub her gspot with my finger before putting my face between her legs and tasting her perfect juices. My finger was rubbing her now swollen g-spot while I licked and sucked her clit into my mouth. Within seconds Carrie was arching her back.
"Oh god baby, I am going to cum on your face."
Within just a few seconds her breathing was rapid and I felt her inner walls squeezing my finger as a very intense orgasm ripped through her body.
I sat her up and kissed her lips so she could taste her own juices on my face.
"I want you to suck my cock baby." I told her directly.
Carrie smiled and immediately got onto her knees in front of the couch and started by licking my balls and the lower part of my shaft. Her tongue was working it's magic and my cock was swollen with the blood that was coursing through it. Just as she was getting to the top, we heard the sound that is associated with getting mail. Since we were only on one site, it had to be a message from there.
I stopped Carrie and we opened up the laptop and there was a message from Isla. Carrie clicked the button to open the message.
"Hey you two. Thank you for reaching out to me. You are a very attractive couple and I think what you are describing would be fun and I would love to welcome you to Baltimore."
That was followed with,
"There are a lot of impostors on this website. Please send me your phone number and I will call you to make sure you are legit and for you to know I am."
Carrie looked at me and smiled.
"Should I send her my number?" Carrie asked.
"I think you should if you want to baby. I want you to be comfortable."
"I'm comfortable. What would it hurt?" she replied.
Carrie sent her the phone number and very shortly after that, the phone rang. It almost startled us that she called so quickly.
Carrie answered the phone and I could tell that it was Isla on the line. Carrie sat back on the couch and spoke with her for quite a while. She told her we were going to get to Baltimore the following evening. I watched Carrie as they talked and I saw Carrie reach down and grab her inner thigh and squeeze it. She does this when she is really horny.
"I want to be clear that you can't touch my boyfriend. He is only for me. You also have to be willing to follow what he ask us to do. You can do whatever he says is okay to do. Is that cool?" Carrie inquired.
I could tell by Carrie's expression that Isla was perfectly fine with the request.
They said they would text and talk with further details the next day.
Carrie said she seemed nice and then returned her mouth to my hard cock with an increased vigor.
The next morning Carrie was packing and asked what I wanted her to bring. I told her to bring her robes and some lingerie and also a few of her favorite toys.
We boarded the plane and took the short flight to Baltimore. When we got there I could tell Carrie was excited and so was I.
"Call Isla and see if she can meet us for dinner."
There was a nice restaurant at the Doubletree hotel which we were staying in. Carrie called and Isla agreed to come meet us for dinner. We made reservations for 7:30 and waited for the evening.
We got ready to go downstairs and Carrie came out of the bathroom wearing a black skirt and a dark green blouse that fully revealed her cleavage. I got weak at the knees just seeing her.
"How do I look? Too much?"
"Absolutely not. You look perfect."
I took her by the hand and we went downstairs. When we got off the elevator we immediately realized that Isla was there and waiting on us.
"I think that's her." Carrie said
We walked up to her and introduced ourselves. Carrie and Isla hugged and that seemed to break the nervous tension.
'You look beautiful." Isla said to Carrie.
"Thank you. So do you."
Isla was wearing a red dress that matched her hair perfectly. She was an attractive woman that walked with a confidence.
We sat down for dinner and all of us made small talk. Isla thanked us for inviting her.
"I just want to make sure you understand the rules. This is a fantasy that we have discussed before and we decided to do something about it but I am off limits. I am Carrie's and I can't be touched by anyone but her. I also want to give some direction. This is really about giving Carrie a tremendous amount of pleasure. Are you sure you are okay with that?" I asked.
"I'm positive. That sounds fun!" Isla responded with excitement in her voice.
"Good. This will be fun."
We were sitting in a half circle booth. Carrie was in the middle but sitting a few feet away from Isla.
"Scoot over closer to her baby." I told Carrie.
Carrie scooted over and was now almost up against Isla.
We ordered dinner and as we were waiting, I decided to see how this would go.
"Carrie has beautiful legs and soft skin. Touch her leg under the table with your fingertips."
Isla reached under the table and put her hand on Carrie's knee. She ran her fingertips along Carrie's soft skin just above her knee. Isla was rubbing in small circles and the friction was warming Carrie's skin. Carrie's face was flushed and I thought I heard a small moan escape her lips.
"You skin is soft." Isla told Carrie. "I bet you love for your boyfriend to kiss your soft skin."
"Oh I do." Carrie replied in a soft almost breathless voice.
I put my hand on Carrie's right thigh and also began to stroke her skin. I felt Carrie trembling slightly.
"Are you okay?"
"I'm good baby. Really good." Carrie responded.
I slid my hand a little further up Carrie's thigh and continued to touch her soft and warm skin.
"Can I go up further? Isla asked me.
"Sure you can. Just a little though."
Isla's hand slid a few more inches up Carrie's thigh. Carrie squirmed a little as I could tell this was really beginning to get to her.
I leaned over to Carrie's ear and whispered,
"Are you wet my love?"
"I am soaked." Carrie whispered back, her breath becoming more rapid.
I put my hand on Carrie's knee and pulled her legs open slightly. She was concealed by the tablecloth hanging to the floor at the end of the table.
"Isla, push your hand further up and feel her inner thigh." I told her.
Isla slid her hand up a few more inches and Carrie parted her legs a little more.
"I want to know if she is wet Isla. Can you answer that for me?" I questioned Isla.
I could see Carrie's erect nipples pushing against her blouse. Isla slid her hand a little further up and I knew when she was getting close because Carrie was now trembling with excitement.
"Just touch her panties. Don't put your fingers inside her panties. Just touch the outside."
Isla pushed her fingers up further and I knew the exact moment she touched Carrie. Carrie gasped and Isla smiled from ear to ear.
"She is very, very wet. I can feel it through her panties." Isla said.
"I knew she would be. She has been all day."
About that time we were interrupted with our dinner order. I was convinced that Carrie was just a few seconds away from an orgasm if dinner hadn't arrived.
We all ate dinner and had a mostly normal conversation. Isla told us about herself and how long she had lived in the Baltimore area. In turn, we talked about how we met and what we did back home in Middle Tennessee. We all tried to slow down our eating but you could tell we were all anxious to get back to the room. We finished dinner and I asked for the check. After I paid it we were headed up to the room. Carrie held my hand tight as we walked to the elevator.
We got on the elevator and I selected the floor and we started up.
"Can I kiss her?" Isla asked.
"Sure you can. Carrie is an amazing kisser."
Isla moved toward Carrie and put her lips on top of Carrie's. I felt Carrie squeeze my hand as their mouths parted slightly and there tongues danced together. I was thoroughly enjoying this when we stopped at our floor and headed down the long hallway to our room. I opened the door and we stepped inside.
When we got inside, both Carrie and Isla seemed a little nervous but they also seemed very excited. I knew Carrie had soaked her panties and the very thought of that made me feel so much hornier than I already was. It was so exciting to me that Carrie was about to have a lot of fun and pleasure. That is always what turns me on the most.
"Baby, I want you to get undressed but leave your panties on. After you do that, go lay down on the bed on your stomach and relax." I instructed Carrie.
Isla asked if she could go change and I pointed to where the bathroom was. She took her bag and went into the bathroom as Carrie was undressing. I walked over and helped Carrie get out of her skirt and blouse, kissed her softly and told her to have fun.
I led Carrie to the bed and she laid down on her stomach as I had asked. A short time later, Isla came out of the bathroom wearing a peach colored teddy. She was an attractive woman, her breast were not as big as Carrie's but they were still very nice.
I sat in the chair next to the bed and gave Isla a bottle of massage oil that absorbed rapidly into the skin but still allowed a smooth massage on the body.
'Isla, Carrie needs a massage. Would you please rub her neck, shoulders back and legs?"
Isla walked over to the bed and initially sat next to Carrie and ran her hands over Carrie's warm skin. Her hands were gliding softly initially over her just to get Carrie used to the feeling of her hands. She then put her fingers on the back of Carrie's neck and began massaging her by squeezing her fingers together on the neck muscle causing Carrie to relax more. I sat and watched as this attractive woman was beginning to massage my stunningly beautiful girlfriend. I was so excited. My heart was racing and my cock was throbbing as I watched this unfold.
Isla continued to run Carrie's bare skin. She worked her way across her shoulders, rubbing the oil in with her hands and adding a little more and she worked down her back.
"How's it feel baby?" I asked Carrie.
'It feels wonderful."
"Don't fall asleep." I said jokingly.
"No chance of that!" Carrie replied emphatically.
'Isla, climb on top of Carrie and straddle her back so you can get some pressure on her upper back and shoulders."
Isla climbed onto the bed and slid her right leg over the top of Carrie's body and was now sitting on Carrie's ass and leaning forward to give her a deeper massage. Isla worked on Carrie's shoulders and the top of her back and began working toward the small of her back. As she was doing this she slid herself over Carrie's ass and settled over the back of her legs. She was pushing her thumbs along Carrie's spine and massaging her lower back. I knew Carrie was thoroughly enjoying this.
As she got toward Carrie's ass, Isla looked at me with a look of what I wanted her to do next.
"Go ahead and rub her ass and legs also."
I watched intently as Isla slid further down Carrie's legs and began to rub and massage her ass through her panties. Isla was squeezing each cheek and slowly working her way down. She got to the bottom of her ass and Isla's fingers were close enough to Carrie's pussy that I was sure she could feel the passionate heat of my girlfriend on her fingers.
"Mmmm. She is very, very wet. I can feel where her wetness ran down her legs." Isla said with a smile.
"Isla, spank her ass a few times. She loves that."
Isla pulled her hand back and lightly spanked Carrie on the ass.
'Do it again and you can spank her a little harder." I told Isla.
Isla spanked her again, this time with a little more pop than before. I heard Carrie make a small yelping sound followed by a moan. I sat in the chair watching, subconsciously rubbing my cock through my pants.
Isla continued to work down Carrie's legs and calves, rubbing her tense muscles and helping Carrie relax more with each stroke. Isla slid off the end of the bed when she got to her feet.
"Carrie baby, turn over for me now."
Carrie turned over onto her back and was completely naked except for her panties. Her nipples were very hard and her skin was flushed with excitement.
"You have a beautiful body Carrie." Isla said.
"Isla, I want you to start at Carrie's feet and massage the front of her also. Take your time."
Isla started rubbing Carrie's feet pushing along the arch of her foot.. She rubbed each foot and began to work her way up slowly, past Carrie's knees and to her thighs. I watched as she pushed her fingers into Carrie's skin and onto the muscle underneath. Once again, Isla's fingers and hands were very close to Carrie's pussy as she massaged her upper thighs. her thumb just an inch or so away from, what I was now sure, of Carrie's sopping wet pussy.
"Keep your legs close baby." I told Carrie.
I could tell she wanted to open them for our guest but I wasn't ready for that yet.
"Isla, stay right in that area for a few minutes. Make sure Carrie's thighs are really relaxed."
"Gladly." Isla replied.
Isla continued to massage Carrie's thighs, her thumbs and fingers getting closer and closer. I knew this was driving Carrie crazy. I could tell by the sounds Carrie was making and by watching her body move. It was one of the sexiest things I had ever seen.
Isla moved up further and was straddling Carrie now. I could tell that Carrie had pushed her hips upward against Isla. Isla continued to run her hands across Carrie's stomach and then to her breast. Once again, she stopped and looked at me for what she could do next.
"Go ahead and touch them. They are beautiful and her nipples are very sensitive." I told Isla.
"Carrie, keep your hands at your side."
Isla began to slowly rub Carrie breast, taking them into her small hands and working inward toward her nipples. Carrie was moaning more audibly now and I knew this was turning her on to no end.
"Isla, rub her nipples with your fingertips initially and then massage them between your thumb and forefinger."
Isla did as I said and Carrie moaned and thrust her hips up against Isla causing her to moan also. I was watching Isla play with my beautiful girlfriend's hard nipples and hearing and seeing Carrie react was almost more than I could stand. I had to stop rubbing myself through my pants because I was afraid I would cum.
"Put your fingers in Carrie's mouth and get them wet and then rub her nipples again." I instructed Isla.
Isla lifted her right hand to Carrie's mouth and Carrie seductively and anxiously sucked Isla's fingers into her mouth. I could see Carrie's tongue sliding across Isla's fingers. Isla was obviously enjoying this sensation but then removed her fingers from Carrie's mouth and rubbed the wetness over Carrie's nipples again causing a very sexy moan to come from Carrie.
I stood up from the chair and walked toward the bed. I knelt down next to the bed and kissed Carrie deeply, her mouth and body was on fire and I could feel it in her kiss. We kissed passionately for several minutes as Isla continued to play with her nipples.
"Isla, I want you to lick and suck Carrie's left nipple and I am going to do the same to the right."
Isla leaned forward and extended her tongue to Carrie's swollen nipple and began to flick the end of her nipple. I did very much the same to her other nipple, licking it and then sucking it into my warm mouth. Carrie's body was moving all over now and she was on fire with lust and passion.
"Baby, oh fuck baby, this might make me cum by itself." Carrie told us.
I stopped the touching of Carrie's nipple and instructed Isla to do the same.
"I'm not ready for you to cum yet baby. Not yet."
Isla, I want you to start at Carrie's toes and slowly kiss, lick and suck your way up. Don't miss an inch.
Isla slid back down the bed and she did as I said and started at Carrie's left foot and kiss and slid her tongue along her feet. I stood up from the bed and slid my pants down my thighs and my cock sprang forward, completely swollen until it felt like I would tear out of the skin. I walked over to Carrie and placed my cock at her face. As Isla was slowly covering Carrie's body with kisses, Carrie took me in her mouth and began to suck and stroke my cock. I knew she had to taste the pre-cum that had formed at the end of my cock. Carrie was licking and sucking me at a feverish pace now. I knew I had to make her stop or I was going to explode in her mouth.
I pulled back and looked down as Isla was snow just at Carrie's knees. I told Carrie to sit up and I I slid behind her on the bed. She leaned back against me, my hard cock pressing against her back.
As Isla slowly kissed every inch of Carrie's legs, she was now to her thighs. She was kissing the top of her thighs and I could see the trail of saliva she was leaving as she worked her way up further.
"Open your legs for her Carrie." I whispered in her ear.
Carrie eagerly parted her legs and Isla smiled and worked her way up to her uppermost inner thigh. She was licking the crevice between Carries thigh and hips.
I knew by now Carrie had to be soaked through her panties completely. I knew Isla had to be able to feel the heat and smell the scent of Carrie's delicious nectar.
"Isla, lick her through her panties. Taste her pussy through her panties."
I took my hand and moved Carrie's hair to the side and kissed her ear and her neck as I watched Isla cover my girlfriend's pussy with her mouth. Carrie lurched forward and the sexiest moan escaped her lips as she felt Isla's tongue on her pussy for the first time.
"Oh fuck baby." Carried moaned.
I reached around and began to massage Carrie's breast in my hands, running my fingertips over her sensitive nipples. Carrie was panting now, her body shaking all over. She turned to kiss me and I kissed her for a second and then broke the kiss.
"I want you to watch Isla eat your pussy Carrie. Watch and enjoy it."
Carrie's eyes were now fixated on Isla as she could feel her tongue sliding across her swollen lips and clit. Isla was now pressing her tongue harder against Carrie's aching pussy. I could hear how wet she was. Isla was moaning herself now, thoroughly enjoying tasting my beautiful and so sexy girlfriend.
"Isla, pull her panties off now and taste her directly. I want you to finger her as you lick her clit."
Isla sat up and Carrie lifted her ass up and allowed Isla to slide her panties all the way down her legs where she removed them.
'Hand me Carrie's panties." I told Isla.
I wanted to feel how wet they were myself. They were completely drenched and just feeling that made me hotter than I could even imagine.
Isla moved back forward and I heard Carrie gasp as Isla inserted her finger inside Carrie. She quickly followed that with her tongue that was now focused on Carrie's swollen clit. Carrie moaned loudly.
"Oh fuck baby, oh fuck baby, oh fuck" she repeated over and over.
I continued to rub Carrie's nipples and kiss her neck and ears.
"I'm going to cum baby. Please let me cum!"
"Isla, please make Carrie cum on your tongue and fingers."
Almost immediately Carrie's breathing became very rapid and she reached down and grabbed Isla by the head and hair as her orgasm consumed every inch of her body. Carrie was shaking and bucking against Isla's face as wave after wave of pleasure gripped her body.
Carrie was trembling all over. As much as I had ever seen her do. I knew she was feeling immense pleasure.
Isla slowed what she was doing and looked at Carrie.
"You are delicious Carrie. Wonderfully delicious." Isla told her.
"That was so hot Isla! That felt wonderful. Can you feel me shaking baby?"
"I can baby. I'm so glad you enjoyed that." I told Carrie.
Carrie and I looked down and I could see that Isla was now rubbing herself on top of her lingerie. It was sexy to see that she was that worked up.
"Carrie, turn around and get on all fours facing me. I want you to lick my cock."
Carrie turned over and got on all fours and took my cock in her hand and began to lick the shaft of my cock. The feeling was intense and it made it hard for me to sit still.
"Isla, lick Carrie's pussy from behind. Lick her and spank her ass."
Isla leaned forward and pushed her tongue into Carrie's pussy from behind. Carrie moaned and pressed back against her face. Carrie moaned as Isla's hand slapped her ass a few times causing a slight sting.
I reached in the side drawer next to the bed and pulled out one of the toys that Carrie brought. It is shaped like a cock and vibrates throughout the entire toy. I handed this to Isla.
"I want you to fuck Carrie with that toy."
Isla took the toy and rubbed it up and down Carrie's slippery pussy lips and then pushed the head into Carrie and watched it disappear into her.
Carrie moaned loudly as the toy filled her tight hole and Isla began to slide it in and out of her as she sucked my cock. I had to make Carrie stop for a second or I was going to explode all over her.
"Spank her ass as you fuck her with the toy." I reminded Isla.
Isla spanked Carrie's ass several times as she fucked her sweet pussy with the toy provided. I could hear how wet she was as the toy went in and out of her. I was amazed at how soaked she was. It made me so happy to be giving Carrie that much pleasure.
"Take the toy out of her now." I told Isla.
"Carrie, I want you to turn around and face Isla and sit down on my cock. I need to fuck your pussy now."
Carrie turned around and lowered herself onto my swollen cock. I slid in easily and she sat all the way down on me and began to grind against me.
"Isla, please move closer to Carrie and kiss her breast and nipples as I fuck her."
Isla moved forward and took Carrie's breast into her hands and began to massage them and play with her nipples. Carrie was moaning loudly and was really grinding against my cock, her pussy juices running down my cock and balls.
"Do you want to kiss Isla as I fuck you baby?"
"Yes baby. Please let me." Carrie said, almost begging.
"Go ahead baby. Enjoy it."
Carrie leaned forward and pressed her lips against Isla's lips. There kiss was deep and sensual.
"You can touch her nipples if you want Carrie."
Carrie continued her kiss and lifted her hands to massage Isla's breast and nipples. I heard Isla moan as Carrie was obviously doing something right.
Carrie started to grind faster against me and I could tell that she was close to cumming as was I.
"I'm going to cum again baby. I am going to cum on your cock baby!" Carrie repeated over and over.
I could feel my orgasm building. It felt like it started in my legs and was rushing up through my cock. I felt Carrie's pussy begin to squeeze me and that caused an explosion in my cock as stream after stream of hot cum filled her pussy walls. Carrie was trembling and held her breath as she always does when her orgasm hit her. Her third one in a short time was still very intense and she pushed me as deep as I could go as she leaned forward against Isla's chest. Her body spent.
I wonder what is coming next we all thought........