We arrive at the train station like every other late night. This time we were especially late after chatting with friends after a house party. Once we got to the station, we proceeded like we normally do to the platform area to wait for the next train due in 25 minutes.
My name is Alisha. My boyfriend Peter and I both work at the inner city cinemas as cashiers. It was meant to be like any other late night. But turns out this was going to be a rather interestingly hot night for everyone. Certainly not one to forget as we now have it on "record." I have seen many people kiss and cuddle in a show of public affection, but nothing like this. This was full on hardcore action.
As we approach our designated platform, we see a couple on the bench half naked? having what appears like sexual intercourse!! Oh my god, this not something that you ever see, not in a place like this. The dark haired woman, while still wearing her dress, is riding the younger looking man. She is moaning quietly as we approached. This is rather unbelievable. I put my finger to my lips indicating to Peter not to disturb them, as it's not every day that you see people actually having sex in such a public area. This is really getting me excited. My heart races with excited embarrassment for them. But I was intrigued now. What makes people perform sexual acts in a public place. For God's sakes, you are out in the open, you're going to get caught. Is it because it's arousing that you know you are likely to be seen or is it the fact you think you can get away with it. But whatever the reason for them, it was really turning me on. I wanted to watch them do it. As we approached within 5 meters, Peter pulls out his trusted mobile and proceeds to film the act. It looks like the man doesn't notice we were standing watching, until a couple of minutes later, he appears startled but was "forced" to continue f**king her, as she grips the top of the bench resisting him. Her moaning becomes a little louder as we watched. Then someone else, comes up to watch from behind us, sitting on a bench further back. Oh yeah... this is going to be interesting.
Then incredibly, she comes off him, sitting back next to him on the bench. I feel the Peter nudge me, obviously liking what's going to happen next, as he continued filming. They don't seem to be bothered now by our presence. The lady was rather beautiful. She looks our way then back at the young man. She whispers something to him before licking her right hand slowly then applying her hand on his big hard cock. She twists her hand up and down his erection. I become fixated at her masturbatory technique. I can hear then both quietly moaning. And wow it's really getting to me. I feel myself getting really hot, really wet down there. My own breathing starts to pickup. This is really arousing me, as I watched a another female's handjob technique. Then I noticed the man staring directly at me. His face blushing. He looked nervous but clearly completely turned on. I feel myself blush a little as we locked eyes for what seem like eternity but just for a few minutes. I lick my lips as I looked at his submissive behavior.
The beautiful woman continues licking her hand, continuing that hot technique and her right hand appears to pickup speed, twisting more firmly and pumping his shaft faster before slowing down, clearly teasing him. Oh god I feel like jerking him myself, that big hard cock. Oh god I feel like masturbating myself, perhaps here...no I can't do it...won't...too much for me. I am equally happy to watch this hot couple until the end. I didn't realise it, but listening to another female moaning in excitement was surprisingly hot, especially when she is masturbating a man.
Then I hear another couple walk up. They end up sitting on another set of benches further to my left, watching in stunned silence like us.
Again she whispers to him, before spitting on his hard cock. It was like a scene from a hot porn. I listened to her quiet moans. It was hot. I have never spat on a guy before, so watching her was pretty erotic. She proceeds to firmly twist her hand quickly around his swollen head, before stroking him fast, then slowing down. I can see his excitement as he moves his pelvis up and down to meet her hand. He groans every time her hand speed picksup.
She begins kissing him and also massages his testicles with her other hand. I can tell be was ready to cum. Then like night following day, her right hand instantly goes crazy on him as she furiously masturbates him. I can hear their moans become louder. Wow it is just so hot to watch. She pulls his shirt open, exposing his chest and abdomen. I can hear Peter swearing, "Oh f**k" under his breath as he captures the moment on his mobile. Like me, he watches in disbelief. I am sure he has a very hard erection now.
Again I stare deep into the stranger's eyes as he begins to orgasm. He seems to have taken "his last breath" as if his soul has just left him. Then he roĺls his head closing his eyes to feel the pleasure. His legs begins to jerk slowly. Oh my god this is so hot to watch. I feel like cumming myself. The hot squishy sound of another female's relentless handjob was making me so hot. She was going wild on him. It looked like she was deliberately going all out on him. Their excited moans getting louder. I can now even hear her hot breathing, her heavy exhausted breathing. Admittedly, watching another woman finish a man like this was very hot. Real hot.
Then I can hear her hot words to him, as her enthusiastic excitement gets to her.
"Oh yah, ohh yahh, feel so good, oh feel so good."
It must have sent him over the edge, as he suddenly explodes. She squeals as he hits her face with a large spurt. Then he spurts a few more times as she continued relentlessly pumping fast. A smile runs across her face, as she slows down, then immediately picks up speed again. She smirks as she continues the hot torture. He groans in pleasure before stopping her by grabbing her right hand. It was hot to watch that.
Then they begin that intimacy that happens after a handjob. They cuddle and kiss. That's when we decided to move on allowing then their privacy.
Then in a moment of perfect timing we hear the horn of the arriving train in the distance, so we quicken our pace, heading away from the couple.
"Oh f..k that was incredibly hot." Peter says to me, his eyes wide open.
We walk down the platform still in disbelief. But feeling very horny. Peter is still up like a flagpole, I could see the large lump in his jeans. I lightly touch him there as we walk towards the train, teasing him. I needed him to eat me once we get back home.
"Need relief I see...oh yeahh, so do I." I smiled back him.