W.F. Stuart Teaching College is in the foothills, overlooked by the elite suburbs. It's the closest that ordinary folk can get to high living. Above the college are winding leafy roads with mansion after estate after villa. Deckings stilted above slopes, infinity pools cut into rock. Below the college was suburbia; rows of mostly untidy little boxes with simple grassed yards and low, meshed fences.
All of the students at Stuart were from Below. Above wouldn't deign to aspire to a career as a school teacher. It was beneath them, just as our school and our lives were.
In all honesty I hadn't aspired to be a school teacher either. A psychometric test recommended me to it. I fought the idea. I applied to art school, music school and even nursing. Teaching was my fallback's fallback. And yet here I was.
I'm not dumb, let's get that straight. I'm nervous. Tests terrify me. Presentations terrify me. I can't play piano at a concert. My paint brush shakes when people watch and judge me. The nursing practical I took was laughable. I literally killed the dummy. When I tipped the table over the head came off. But for some reason when I take control of a group of junior primary group kids, my anxiety melts away. I connect, and they adore me. Damn you, psychometric test!
My name is Wendy Wu. My dad is Chinese, but you wouldn't easily know it to look at me. Mom had stronger genes. The only obviously Asian part of me is my body. I'm 'petite'. My body is tight. I don't really need a bra, my breasts stand fine by themselves, though I use one to stop my nipples from showing out. My rear and thighs don't sag like my friends, but I'm not as tall as them. And they don't stumble like I do socially.
I had boyfriends over the years, I wasn't incapable. When they left it was never acrimonious, they simply drifted away. My friend Marge described it one day to me in Starbucks - I was good looking enough to attract the best guys, but too shy and introverted to keep them.
"And by that I mean sexually," she clarified. The memory of it makes me sigh. I never thought about sex. I didn't hate it; I had simply been indifferent to it. I didn't think of guys when I bought clothes. I didn't think of them when I dressed to go out. I didn't pick up the signals when I was being hit on. I didn't have sexual fantasies.
Don't get me wrong, I was not disgusted or put off by sexual people, I just didn't understand them.
"How did you ever lose your virginity?" a boyfriend snapped at me once. We were at his apartment, late, on the living room floor. It was mostly dark and he had pulled my jeans and panties down, poking his erection at me from behind. I wasn't stopping him, but I wasn't exactly helping either. I was watching TV. I get enthralled by some of the new series these days. The quality of the online streaming channels, it's amazing. It's like a whole movie was made for just one episode. GoT, Sherlock, Russian Doll, there are so many of them. I could watch them all night, completely absorbed... instead of paying the required amount of attention to the penis trying to force into my vagina from behind, for example.
One of my boyfriends tried to get me to come with him to a nude beach. That's just funny, right? I don't even wear bikinis. Guys get sick of it. They move on to more interesting girls.
"But your body is stunning," he would say in the shower, the only time and place I got nude with the lights on. "Guys would go nuts over you."
I looked at him like he was insane. Why on earth would either of us want that?
Shy. Good looking. Body to die for. Asexual. Poor. Career destined to remain so. I don't feel messed up, though. Each day I live my simple life happily.
———————
"We need money," my classmate Shirley said at lunch in the College cafeteria one day.
"What's new?" I shrugged.
"I can't even fix my car."
"You took the bus?" I raised my eyebrows. Shirley never took the bus.
"Of course not. Davy came to pick me up."
"You are cruel."
"He loves it."
"You broke it off. The poor guy is still in love. You need to let him move on."
"I tell you, he doesn't mind. A round trip and he gets a blow job. It's fair."
She was kidding of course.
"It's cruel. Let him go."
"You gonna pay to get my car fixed?"
"We need money," I agreed.
————————
Shirley came up with a plan. The employment office was there to help graduates find work, but occasionally had part-time roles. There was an ad for tutoring math after class for a middle-school kid.
"Where?" I asked, thinking it couldn't pay well.
"Up the hill."
"Up? Above? You're kidding. They advertised here?"
Shirley nodded. "Yep."
"How much?"
"50 an hour. 90 minutes. 75 each time."
"Holy shit!"
"I know, right?"
"How many people going for it?"
"They'll only interview three. You can put your name down, too," Shirley said generously.
I frowned.
"No, you do it," I said, not wanting to compete.
"Hey, if you go in we're a two-thirds chance of landing it."
There was some logic to that plan, but I was hesitant to go up the hill. It made me nervous. I didn't fit in up there.
"Middle school kid? That's not for me. If one comes up for elementary, I'll look at it."
"Pfft. No parent tutors elementary kids. Don't be ridiculous."
I knew that. It's why I said it.
"You go for it. Get it."
"I will."
"But how you gonna get there til you have enough money to fix your car?" I asked genuinely.
Shirley smiled. Oh no, I thought. Poor Davy.
———————-
I saw Shirley changing her clothes before going Above for her interview.
"You can't wear that!" I said, shocked.
"Hey, there are three of us going for it, I'm the last. Wilkins in the employment office reckons they like Mary Fluffy-Clothes. The one that looks like a hamster. Said there's no real point to go. So, I have one shot at it. Need to be different. Set myself apart."
"The kid's mother won't let you in the door."
"I'm banking on just the dad being home. According to Wilkins he has been for the others."
"Geez, Shirley, don't you think it's too much?"
Shirley is taller than me. Light brown wavy hair, flicks of blond highlights. Big bright smile. Great natural tits. Long shapely legs. All packaged in a flared yellow floral minidress and white-rimmed sunglasses.
"At least pull the front together, I can see your nipples. You'll get arrested teaching a minor with that much tit out."
"I'm not teaching today. It's just the interview."
"Tell me you left your panties on at least?"
Shirley looked mischievous.
"Freshly shaved," she grinned, cheekily flicking her front up.
"They'll call the police!"
"Well, then Davy won't have to give me a ride home, will he."
—————
The next time Shirley and I had lunch she told me she got the job.
"What? Why didn't you say something before now? I thought you must have blown it. Why didn't you tell me?"
Shirley twirled her vegetable pasta.
"This stuff is such crap."
"Shirley. Tell me how it went!"
Shirley looked up.
"It was all a bit weird."
"How...weird?"
"I think I'm in love."
That wasn't what I expected. I couldn't help it, I burst out laughing.
"Shut up you bitch!"
"With the dad??"
"With the dad," she confirmed sullenly.
"Holy shit! How the fuck did you do that?"
—————-
Shirley had gotten Davy to drop her down the street. She told him 'wait'. That poor guy.
"He was in a bit of a mood over me wearing that dress," she told me. "I used to wear it for him."
I shook my head whenever I thought of how she torments that poor boy.
When the door opened it was the father, she explained.
"Are you Shirley?"
"Yes sir," she smiled.
"That's more like it!" he beamed. "Come in!"
Door closed, he asked her to spin around. Without hesitation he lifted the front of her short dress.
"Bare-shaved pussy. You are perfect."
Shirley blushed red. She'd planned to flirt, but this had gone far too well. The father took her by the hand and led her down a grand hall into the dining room. He positioned her butt against the edge of the huge table. Holding her hips he lifted Shirley up to sit on it. The shock of the cold wood on her bare ass was alarming.
"Is your family here?" Shirley stuttered, trying to look around. The father ignored her. He pushed her back to lay on the table. He pulled her skirt to her hips. Kneeling on the floor, he buried his face into Shirley's shaved pussy.
Gasping, Shirley's head spun. How did it come to this so quickly? For a time, as that man's tongue lapped at her, she was trying to think - was this consensual? She hadn't said no, but he hadn't exactly given her the chance to say yes.
Then, suddenly, he brought his fingers up to join his mouth at her cunt.
"Oh shit!"
There was no more doubt. It was consensual. It was completely and utterly consensual. Shirley had never liked fingers from any of her boyfriends. Davy's were particularly rough and scratchy. And whenever she put her own in there it was too weird.
But all that had just changed.
Shirley strained to see what he was doing, how he was doing it. Her pelvis lit up. Involuntarily she was begging him to keep doing that. Just that. Right there. Screaming out in surprise at the sudden eroticism, Shirley was terrified the family would come running. Or the neighbors.
"Please!"
"Please what?" he broke long enough to say.
"Please. Give me cock. Please," Shirley panted desperately.
She had never begged a boy in her life to fuck her. She let boys inside at her discretion, not plead with them to nail her. How did it come to this so quickly, she again thought. The father grinned and kept doing what he was doing. He knew where Shirley was headed and wouldn't let her off.
She fought it, but finally he got her. Shirley broke. Unadulterated full body, squirting, orgasm. As the shaking started the father stood, grinding and scraping her insides as her eyes rolled and hips spasmed on his hand. Jealously he looked down at Shirley as her orgasm rolled on. What a thing if guys could cum for as long as that, he thought. Like an earthquake, it probably lasted only a minute but it seemed like ten to Shirley.
—————
"So that's when you fell in love?" I laughed.
"The precise moment," Shirley smiled wistfully.
"Hmmm. Sounds like a four-letter word starting with L, but not love."
"Wendy, you're a love skeptic. I've never wanted a guy in me like I wanted him. It wasn't just sexual it was spiritual."
"Listen to yourself! It's just a cock. A married guy's cock."
"No!"
"Yes."
"No. I really mean no. He never fucked me."
"What?"
"He didn't. He wouldn't."
"He didn't fuck you?" I asked suspiciously.
"He wouldn't. I wasn't on the pill and neither of us had a condom. He wouldn't do it."
"So that was it?"
"I had to make do with my mouth."
The father had pulled Shirley's dress up and off. He left hickeys on her breasts as she undid his button and zip. She tugged him fiercely as they kissed.
In the living room on the rug she sat on his face as she buried his erection in her mouth.
"Ooh. I know you don't like giving blowjobs."
"I swallowed," Shirley admitted.
My jaw dropped.
"My god, you are in love."
Shirley and I had always agreed that guys cumming in your mouth was unfathomable. Dis-gust-ing. Not happening. A pinky-promise to each other forever that we would never let a man humiliate us by putting their orgasm in our mouth. Or on our face.
"I told you," Shirley said in all seriousness.
"You drank it? You really drank it?"
Shirley nodded.
"How was it, how did it taste?" I asked, suddenly curious.
"Like lemonade."
"Bullshit!"
Shirley laughed. "Of course. I don't know. It was awful. Tastes like pee. But who cares? It was his. His stinking wriggling semen in my mouth. Swallowed. I'm in love."
"You're nuts!"
"I would suck his cock dry and drink every drop if he'd let me."
"Wow. Wow. Wow. Who are you?"
"A girl in love."
"Lust, Shirley, lust. And he's married."
"That makes it even more exciting. Stealing his cock from another pussy."
"Hey," I thought back. "Did you say 'I wasn't' on the pill?"
"Huh?"
"You said 'I wasn't on the pill'."
"I did?"
"You did. Are you now? Are you on the pill now?"
Shirley didn't answer. She went bright crimson.
"Oh my god. I don't believe you," I said, genuinely disappointed. How many times had we argued against the manipulation of women's bodies for the convenience of men not to have to wear condoms?
"Are we to cough up our vaginas and make all the effort to be sterile so boys can have no-consequence fun?" I recited back to her what we had said dozens of times.
"Well he's not going to use condoms. He's married. If I'm going to get him to fuck me, it's the only way."
"Pathetic," I summed it all up.
"I know," Shirley admitted. "It's karma for how I treat Davy."
"Exactly!"
——————
About three months in to her twice a week tutoring role, I was at coffee with Shirley and her part-time lover/boss. I was the only one that knew about them, their one social contact as a couple. Shirley was still on the pill and from what she said was getting good value for money.
"Every-time with a condom you need to open more. On the pill you can keep going as much as you want!"
"You're an advocate now, huh? Not just a secret user, you're a promoter?"
"Let me tell you," she said as the father blushed, "it's much nicer for the cum to stay in after he blows."
"Geez, Shirley, how do you two even find a place? You live with your mum and you live with...her student's mum," I said as a polite way of saying 'your wife'!
"I drive her home after tutoring," the father grinned.
"He has a van. The seats do this," she mimed the rest, the folding down bit. "With tinted windows."
"Okay. I shouldn't have asked. Enough. Talk about something else."
"There is something I wanted to ask you," the father started up. "I have a friend..."
"No!" I said immediately.
"Just hear me out," he insisted.
"I'm not doing what she does," I made very clear, but then looked at Shirley and added, "No offence, baby."
"Offence taken!"
The father and I ignored her.
"The guy needs help," the father tried to explain.
"Not from me."
"His wife left. Ran off. The rumor is she got hooked on drugs, all the parties up Above, then it got worse. Ran off with some other junkies to the coast."
"I feel for the guy, but nothing to do with me."
"He's got a seven year old daughter."
Silence.
I almost cried.
Junior primary kids are my specialty. The ones from homes that were broken when they were too young to remember are remarkably resilient. But to leave at seven...
"Oh god. That poor child."
"It's not going very well."
"Oh my god."
"He's hired a nanny who lives in, but they don't do anything really, and not after 6pm."
"An au pair? God, that's not enough. He needs more than that. Hasn't he got any relatives. A grandmother?"
"Only the wife's mother, and that's never been good. The kid's been in trouble at school. I thought maybe...Shirley said you're good with young ones. Maybe you could help?"
I didn't want to. I had no interest in walking into such a mess.
"But...what would I even do?"
This time Shirley answered.
"Monday, Wednesday, Friday. 6pm til 9pm. Read books, play games, work with the dad to help with her behaviors. He'd pay the same rate as I'm getting."
That was a lot to take in. 6 til 9 is all the evening. For three nights. What about dinner? Why til so late, what time does that poor little girl sleep? And it would cost a fortune at that rate. 450 a week, almost as much as a full-time job for a graduate. All I could see were problems.
"She's just 7," the father said. "It's been tough on her."
—————-
"Mr. Wills. It's Wendy Wu. I was given your number by..."
"I know, I know, thank you for calling. I've heard nice things about you."
"Oh."
"They told you about my situation?"
"Some of it, yes."
"That I'm looking for help?"
"Yes."
"You're interested?"
"Maybe. Possibly. Can I find out some more about it?"
"Of course. I'll buy you lunch tomorrow, explain everything. You can ask everything you need. Watson's cafe is near your school, do you have time tomorrow?"
"Midday through 1:45."
"12:15?"
"Okay."
"Cool. Is this your mobile that came through? I'll send a picture of me."
"Yes. Okay."
——————
Shirley had to dress conservatively to teach her math tutorial, but that didn't mean she had to wear underwear. As long as her top was thick enough to hide her nipples, she kept herself easily accessible under her clothes. They had a favorite spot behind the football stadium to park on the drive home. If it was warm out that night the father would lay her on a picnic table and do what he'd done back on the dining room table that first day. Flip her dress up and suck and finger her to orgasm. The location was isolated enough for Shirley to scream as loud as she needed.
"How come I don't get sick of this?" Shirley panted, coming down from her high. "I know it's coming; I know what to expect, but it gets me like new every time."
"Take your dress off. Get naked," the father demanded. He liked her to be nude. He would leave his clothes on with just his pants undone as he nailed her, fully naked and spread-eagled outside. Twenty years older than her, it was a trip down memory lane to go 'parking' with a girl like this twice a week. Back in his day he was terrified of blowing inside a girl, but with Shirley it was part of the fun. He'd carry her, sperm gurgling inside to the back of his van, seats down and watch her play with it. He'd hold her fingers and push them inside herself, telling her to masturbate. It took some time but eventually he trained her to finger herself to her own orgasm.
"It's never the same when I do it myself," she would whisper in his ear, "When you do it, it's more intense."
"But it's still good, right?"
"Yes," she smiled.
"Good. Drink it."
Shirley brought her fingers to her mouth and sucked the pussy juice clean off. Back and forth she went, dipping her fingers then bringing it up to drink. It was awful. Disgusting. What kind of girl drinks her own pussy? But he loved her for doing it, so she did it. She sucked his cock clean after their sex, too.
"How often do you have sex with your wife?" she had asked him one night.
"Most days."
"Huh? You do me here, then go back to do her there?"
"No! She sleeps early every day. She's out cold by the time I get back. Even if I took you straight home and back, she'd be sleeping. No, she's a morning-fuck chic. Likes to be woken up by a cock."
"She doesn't wear clothes to bed?"
"Just a top. No pants. Makes sure there's easy access."
"She likes sex?"
"Loves it. That woman literally lives for cock."
"Then why do you need me for?"
"Are you kidding me?" he laughed. "She's forty. You're twenty. You're a babe. Who wouldn't want to fuck the shit out of you!"
Shirley grinned and cuddled in close.
"You really like fucking me that much?"
"Of course I do," he said, kissing her gently.
"How is it different? Compared to her, I mean," Shirley asked, stroking his cock and kissing his lips in the full light of the van.
"Very different!" he laughed.
"How different?" Shirley insisted.
"Well...you're shaved, she hasn't ever done that. Your pussy is tight, hers is like a cave - years of fucking and fisting."
"You do that to her?"
"What? Fist her?"
"You do that?"
"She's big, she can take it," was all the reply the father gave.
"What else is different?" Shirley kept at him.
He turned to her on his side. Shirley kept tugging.
"You really want to know what's it's like with another woman?"
"It's the competition," she smiled, "I need to make sure my pussy is first choice."
The father knew that Shirley only wanted to hear how she was better.
"Well, this ass is tighter than hers," he said as he squeezed. "And these tits. This mouth takes cum. I love that you swallow, she would never do that. Drink her own cunt, too, she would never do that. She wouldn't undress in a park and get nailed on a public bench."
Shirley pushed in and kissed.
"So I'm better to fuck than her, right?"
"Completely."
"You're hard. Do me again?"
"Climb up. You do me."
—————-
"I thought you might bring your daughter?" Wendy said, given it was a Saturday they met.
"Tracy. This is her," he smiled, opening his wallet showing a picture.
"Beautiful. And that's her mum?"
Hugh Wills nodded.
"I don't want to whitewash her. She might be back, you know?"
I didn't sense he really thought that were true.
"Does Tracy understand any of it?"
"At first I told her work. Then holiday. Then got caught up doing things. Kids, I don't know what to say. She keeps asking if mummy doesn't love us anymore?"
"Does she say love us, or love her?"
Hugh thought.
"Us. Definitely us."
"Okay. As bad as it is, 'us' it good. She's not taking it as just leaving her. It means her connection with you is good. It's a start."
"So does mummy still love us? What do I say?" Mr. Wills asked.
"Yes. Absolutely. 100%. Even when mummies can't be here, they never stop loving."
"That's probably true," Hugh conceded with a sigh. "Tracy's having a play date with a friend. It will give us a chance to talk."
We ordered a light lunch and a tall bottle of sparkling water. He gave me some background without details. Him and his wife, Evelyn, Eve, had got into some stuff. He could keep it in check, she couldn't. He pulled them back, but she kept going at it herself until one night she didn't come back. At first it was missing persons. Then her cards were showing up making purchases. In-store CCTV showed she was 'not under duress' as he described.
"She's gone," he sighed.
"She might be back. If she can get sober," I suggested.
"Ha! Alcohol is the least of her worries!"
"Sorry. You know what I mean..."
"Eve's not the type. Once she was done with something or someone, there was no going back. Ever. Never saw it happen."
"Family is different."
"Her own wasn't. Her father and brother have been 'out' ever since I've known her. Anyway, if we can get over this, I'm not sure coming back is the right thing."
"Hugh, I know it's hard, but promise me, if there's ever a chance, one day, don't stop Tracy from having a mother. No matter what she's done. You don't have to deify her; you can be honest about the bad choices she has made. But don't take the choice of having a mother or not away from Tracy."
Hugh nodded, not necessarily in agreement, but as if he'd think about what I'd said.
"Can you help?"
"What do you need?"
There was no way I could turn back having met and heard Hugh. He was lovely. Early forties, attractive, nice. His body looked fit and strong but his voice and manner was gentle. Little Tracy must adore him.
Three hours a night for three nights a week. Hugh would make us all dinner while I worked with Tracy. I told him fifty per hour plus dinner was too much. He laughed and said it would be more than compensated by the cancellation of Eve's credit cards.
"She never worked?"
Hugh laughed. I took that as a no.
"What about your au pair?"
"Gone. That was just for the holidays so I could work. I've got a helper now that takes her to school picks her up from after-school care. She'll stay with her until you or I are home."
I shook my head. What a tough life for little Tracy.
"I'll make her as happy as I can. I promise."
"Me too," he grinned.
The rest of the lunch was a little like a date, talking about ourselves, gossiping. He was one of those guys that went out til late on weekends, then punished himself the next day through exercise to burn it all off. He knew Shirley's tutoring father was sleeping with her. They didn't know he knew, but he said it was pretty obvious.
"What if the wife finds out?" I asked.
Hugh shrugged. "Never can tell with those two whether she would care."
"Does she know already?"
"No. He wouldn't be sneaking around so much if she knew. Some Friday nights when Tracy's had a sleepover, I drive down to the flats to run. I've seen your friend laid out naked on one of the picnic tables they have there."
"Having sex?"
"Happily."
"Oh, god. I'm so sorry."
"It's not your fault. But chances are more people know than they think."
"You want me to tell her?"
"I don't know. Perhaps let me speak with him directly."
"Okay."
—————
The sessions with young Tracy went well. Really well. I used all of my study to determine the attitude I should bring with me, and mostly it worked. We developed a lovely routine. It was nicely balanced. She looked forward to me coming, but was appropriately behaved when I left. We set good boundaries, I wasn't a mother replacement, I was a teacher. There was no moodiness at the end of our session, just a see-you-next-time. Her permanent guardian was her dad, we all made sure she knew that.
I was really proud of Hugh. He wanted to learn. He followed advice wonderfully, even from Tracy. She would teach him the routines we developed and he happily followed along. After a couple of months, we had her back in bed at a more sensible 8pm, and he said even the nights I wasn't around little Tracy drove the schedule fastidiously. It got so the last hour of my stay was a cup of tea across the kitchen bench.
"I can't thank you enough," Hugh said genuinely. There was no sadness in the comment, no helplessness or pity. Just joy. "She's...I don't know how to say it. Normal? Back to herself. I feel like I have my Tracy back."
"It would have happened anyway. We just sped it up," I blushed.
"You're being polite saying 'we'."
"Hugh, I can't understate how good you've been during this whole time. You've been so focused on getting Tracy right. Ahead of yourself. It's been tough on you, too right? But you've done everything you can for little Tracy."
"It's been good. Work and her. It's a nice distraction."
—————
We had a standard Uber booking for 9:10pm, paid for automatically by Hugh. More and more often our hour between putting Tracy to bed and the car coming to pick me up got 'shorter and shorter' so to speak. We were getting on really well, time flew. And entirely appropriately, I might add. Not like my dear friend Shirley, who kept getting deeper into the quagmire with her student's father.
—————
An interesting twist was that after Hugh's chat with his friend, Shirley and her man gained a larger social circle - by one. It was obvious to Hugh that the affair had no end date, so sometimes on a Friday night they would come over. My Uber was pushed back to midnight and we'd drink and talk out on the deck, and on some occasions in the infinity pool. If it was warm enough, if we'd drunk enough, I'd end up in Hugh's departed wife's slightly big bikini - which was creepy - and Shirley and the father would skinny dip. Sometimes Hugh and I would sit by ourselves on the deck while those two made out in the water.
"Hugh, would you mind if I left a set of my own swimwear here? Every time we end up like this, I feel a bit awkward wearing this swimwear. You must feel weird, too."
"Of course it's okay. I'm sorry Eve only had bikinis. I worry you feel more comfortable in a one-piece."
"It's that easy to tell?"
Hugh smiled.
"Hey. Don't feel bad. You're normal. All this, it's a ticket to bring weird."
"What is?"
"This hill. The whole mountain. Having money means you don't have to worry about credit card bills or rent or schools. You have to find new ways to stress yourself out. That, for example," he said pointing to Shirley. "Banging your kid's tutor behind your wife's back. Whose got time for that down on the flat?"
"You weren't born up here?"
"No. I'm new money."
"You don't approve of being rich?"
Hugh laughed at stood up, leaning on the rail, looking at the lights below.
"Only rich people would be stupid enough to not want to be rich. I like this house. I like Tracy's school. I like my cars. Eve and I, we had a good time up here for a while."
"The parties?"
Hugh smiled. "It's like the Great Gatsby at times. People trying to outdo each other. There have been some wicked private parties. Hell of an experience."
"Like what?"
"God, where do I start? Horse racing in backyard swimming pools. Clay pigeon shooting off decks like this. Male strip shows. Fancy dress, masquerade. Lines of coke, pills, weed."
"That's what caused the problem?"
"Which one?"
"Your wife. Eve. The drugs?"
Hugh sighed. "I guess that was part of it."
"Part?"
Another sigh.
"We got into something. She couldn't keep it under control."
"What?"
"Maybe another time. I think the honeymoon couple are done."
I turned around to see Shirley full frontal nude stepping up the pool ladder. She walked around us casually looking for a towel, then brought it over to the father.
"Air drying? I scowled.
"It's night. No one can see. It's nice to stand around like this. We've spent so much time hiding away."
"Take a holiday, why don't you? Go to the Caribbean for a week," I said acerbically.
Hugh was in tune with me enough to know I was uncomfortable with Shirley's nudity. The father had a towel, but his bare chest was too much for me, knowing he was married to another.
"Come on Wendy. Let's forfeit the deck to them. Head into the air-con. Leave them to their foolish youth."
Hugh took me by the hand and led me into our favorite kitchen bench. I saw Shirley pull the towel off the father as we left. It made me shudder.
"I feel so bad for his wife."
"I know. But people having affairs is as old as marriage itself."
"Did you ever do that?"
Hugh poured us cold Chablis from the wine fridge.
"No, not like they are."
It was a strange answer.
"What does that mean?"
"I never had sex...with anyone behind Eve's back."
"But you flirted?" I smiled.
"Everyone flirts," he said casually.
"Kissed?"
"Like I said, nothing to find out about behind my wife's back."
"It's been a long time since she left, though. Anything you did since she left would be fair."
"I guess so."
"When will you start again?" I asked with care in my voice.
"Tracy is in a good place right now. I don't think I'd like to shake that."
"That's fair. But you can still take a girl to the movies. At night."
"Movies, huh?" he laughed. "That's been a while."
I blushed at how juvenile that must have sounded to a 'grown-up'.
"I'm sorry."
"Hey. I like movies. It's just not something that I've done much lately."
"What was the last one?"
"Shit. I don't know. Rocky Horror? Pulp Fiction?"
"Those are older than me!" I laughed.
"I'm surprised you even know them."
"Hey. They're classics," I defended.
"Yes," agreed Hugh. "Yes, they are."
"You had Tracy late, huh?"
"I guess so. 35. Eve's younger though. 8 years."
"That's a big gap."
"Not as big as ours. And we get on fine don't we?"
"We do," I smiled, holding up for more wine.
—————-
Shirley and I had lunch together less and less. Her student's father had been booking lunchtime hotel sex for them at a dodgy little place near college. No one the father knew would see them there. The times Shirley and I did catch up, it was all about him and the sex.
"That guy is seriously in love with my pussy," Shirley would grin mischievously.
"Aren't you sick of it yet?"
"Not even slightly. Aren't you sick of not having sex with your Hugh?"
"No! Don't be silly. We're not like you."
"Well perhaps you should be. His wife away so long, the poor guy must be gagging for it," she laughed.
It was probably the smirk more than the words. The disrespectful laugh. Instinctively I wound up and slapped her in the face.
I'd never done such a thing in my life.
Shirley was stunned, she wasn't sure how to react. For the longest time both of us stared at each other. I knew I should apologize but I was still too steamed.
"My god. You're really in love. Genuinely. Not my smutty porn love, yours is real."
I'd never thought about it. I'd never let myself dare think about it.
"I am aren't I?"
"Wendy I am so, so sorry."
"God Shirley, I hit you. Can you ever forgive me? That's an awful thing to do."
"I shouldn't have said those things."
If we weren't in a college cafeteria we probably would have hugged and cried.
"What are you going to do?" she asked quietly.
"I don't know."
"You can't tell him. For that little girl's sake, you can't tell him."
"I know."
—————
I tried to say no to movie and dinner, but over time I ran out of excuses. Truth be told, it was a dream date.
"Is it a date?" I asked Shirley the day before.
"To you it is. And you better dress nice. Make the poor guy feel good about going out of home with a woman. None of your frumpy church clothes."
"Hey. I don't go to church."
"You dress like it."
"I don't have anything else."
Shirley started grinning.
"By tomorrow night you will. Let's spend some of that fortune you're squirrelling away."
—————
Hugh picked me up from home, the first time he'd been there. Mom answered the door, scowl on her face. She didn't trust anyone from Above.
"Fancy cars and ways," she sneered as she saw his big white BMW pull up. "Think they can have anyone they want. You take that spray I gave you. And why you wearing that jacket in this weather? What you got on under there."
"Mom, stop nagging, I've got the spray in my bag. Open the door while I get my purse. And be nice!"
————-
"Do you have a cold?" Hugh asked as he sat me in the front seat.
"No, just, let's get away from Mama. She's probably spying out the window."
As Hugh got in and started up, he confirmed with a smile that she was.
"She called me a cradle-snatcher," he smiled cheekily.
"Oh god. That woman. I'm so sorry. Get going and I can take off this coat. It wasn't worth the fuss to let her see I have a new dress."
"Ah. That's why?"
I struggled to get the coat off as Hugh slowly rolled along the street. What I didn't know was my twisting and struggling to take it off gave Hugh an entire view of my right breast. My clothes were new from top to bottom. The soft maroon dress was stylish and had deep cleavage, and the lacy black bra fell away easily. The rookie I was, I had no sense my breast was out.
"Can I put this in the back?" I asked as the struggle was over.
"Of course."
As I turned the dress rode up, leaving Hugh wondering if I had a t-back, or perhaps no panties at all.
"Why are you grinning?" I frowned as I sat straight again, doing up my seatbelt.
"Just happy to be on a date!"
A tingle went up my spine. Did he really think this was a date, too?
"We're on a date?" I dared ask.
"It must be," he smiled. "You're wearing new lingerie."
"Oh my god," I shrieked. "How can you tell that?"
"Don't worry," Hugh winked. "It's our first date, not our third."
I blushed entirely, from top to bottom.
—————
We did movie first, then a late dinner. Tracy was having a sleepover, so our deadline was set only by how angry I wanted to make my mother. The fact he'd noticed and knew I had new underwear made me strangely relaxed about it. I could tell there were times my dress fell forward and Hugh would look in at my breast in the bra, but I was oddly comfortable with it. It was a warm feeling to show off a little to a man I liked. Conversely the feel of his hands politely on my hips as he directed us in an around theatre and at the restaurant gave me chills. Could he tell?
It was nice that we sat next to each other in a curved booth at dinner, rather than across from each other. It allowed us to talk more intimately and for a time after the meal we leaned back into the chair and on each other's shoulder, satisfied with the food and atmosphere. I knew my dress was bobbed forward, in a way I hoped he was looking. What I didn't know was so had my bra. Hugh was happily staring in at my breast and nipple.
"What would you be doing on a Saturday night, usually?" I mused.
"Looking after Tracy. You?"
"If she was away, though, like tonight. What would you do?"
"I don't know. One of the parties, I guess."
"What party would you go to?"
"I don't know. I haven't been to one since Eve left."
"What would you go to with her?"
"I don't know. Not sure how to describe it. Those parties are dangerous."
"How?" I asked, turning and looking up at him, smiling as I caught him looking down my dress.
"It's a nice bra," he defended. Looking around and seeing no one I pulled the shoulder of the dress down. It might have been accidental to look at, and from Hugh's spot he could see the whole right side of lace. He gave a low whistle.
"I'm glad you like it, makes me feel better about how much it cost."
"Shirley told you to?"
"Of course... So, you were telling me about the parties you took Eve to."
"Come on, I can hardly talk about that with you dressed like this."
Looking up at Hugh I said, "I can put it back if it helps?"
"I'm talking, I'm talking!" he said before taking a more serious tone. "There are types of parties that are pretty intense. If you can't keep balance, they can push you away from reality. I had work, but Eve only had home. Once Tracy started at kindy then school she fell into a group that had too much time to kill."
"All from the different parties?"
"Not really. Just this one. Happens every five weeks in a massive old money mansion near the top."
"Drugs?"
"Well, yeah, you can take them if you want. Everything you need."
"For free?"
Hugh laughed.
"It's hardly free. You pay an annual subscription. It's not cheap. Transferable, but you have to buy a year up front."
"She couldn't stop taking drugs?"
"Drugs weren't her problem."
"I don't get it. What happens there?"
"I can't tell you."
"Why not?"
"NDA."
"What's an MDA?"
"N-DA. Non-disclosure agreement. Legally binding."
"Come on, you can't just give me a hint?"
"No. I really can't. Legally it is a binding secret."
"You kill people? Torture them? Fight dogs?"
"Come on. You think I'd do that?"
"Well, I don't know you."
"Yes you do," Hugh said calmly, confidently.
I do, I thought, it's true.
"So how do I ever find out?"
"You have to just go there."
"Can I?"
"You don't wanna go there."
"Yes I do. You don't know that."
"Hey, I know you too, Wendy."
Silence for a time.
"When the next party?"
"Tonight."
I leapt forward, pulling up the strap.
"We can go. Now."
"Cannot."
"Why not?"
Hugh took a deep breath.
"Apart from the fact it's not for you?"
"Apart from that."
"I don't have the passes."
"Go home and get them."
"You're not dressed for it."
"What do I need?"
"You need a costume."
"Eve had them?"
"Wendy, enough," Hugh said gently. "We're not going tonight. And if we ever did go, you wouldn't be wearing anything of Eve's. You'd have to go buy something new."
"I bought all this," I defended myself.
"Wendy, can we drop this. Please? My wife left off the back of those parties. I don't think Tracy and I could lose you too right now."
"I'm strong," I assured him. "You're not going to lose me."
"I know. You're not her. Not her type at all. All the more reason to keep you away from those parties."
I dropped the topic. There was no more point to push it that night. Instead we talked about where I bought my clothes. My lingerie. How we felt about Shirley and the father. What sort of boyfriends would be acceptable for Tracy one day. What made my mother grumpy. Life.
It was a lovely night out; we walked the long way around to the car. The intimacy that peaked in the restaurant with my exposed bra drifted comfortably back to our regular mood. It was a friendly, happy drive back to my place right on midnight.
"Wendy, thanks for this. Really. It's been a long time since I've felt so relaxed and normal," Hugh said genuinely.
"Hey, thank you! I don't think I've ever felt this relaxed and normal. I'm still trying to find out what normal is."
"Well, what you're wearing should be your normal from now on. You are gorgeous tonight."
"I'm just relieved. I'm glad you like it. I never can tell what's too much or too little."
"Good balance," Hugh nodded.
"Thanks." I was so happy.
"One question before you go."
"Yeah?"
"Do your panties match? Is it a set? I'm just curious."
I looked outside at my house. I wouldn't put it past my mother to be spying in the dark.
"Drive up one house," I told him.
"Huh?"
"Over there. Drive over there."
Hugh did as told, quietly gliding forward forty yards.
"You can't touch," I said, knowing I didn't have to say it. I pulled the dress up and over my head, laying it on the dash. I turned toward Hugh.
"It's a set."
"Can I turn the light on?"
"Quickly," I agreed.
When the light flicked on, Hugh leant back in his door. He made sure that he was getting a full view, but I think he also wanted me to feel safe so I wouldn't rush my dress back on.
"Wendy. It's spectacular."
"You like?" I blushed.
"One photo?" he asked.
I'd never let any boyfriend ever take a photo of me in any state of undress. But with Hugh I nodded without hesitation. I leaned back and opened my thighs so he could see the pants properly.
"Turn around?"
I kneeled in the seat and showed him the back.
"Wow, Wow. It's not even there."
"Huh, it looks bad?"
"I don't know. I can't see it."
"I'm sorry," I said, sitting back down. "It's too much."
"Wendy. It's perfect. If you ever say yes to a date again, you have to wear it."
"Really? There were other sets as well..."
"Okay!" he laughed. "Your choice. Anyway, get dressed and get out. First date. No kiss."
"Kissing on the third date?"
"Ah, no. Kissing is second. Third is..."
"Oh."
Hugh turned off the inside light and I put the dress back on.
"Good night."
"Good night."
—————
Sunday morning I had a late breakfast with Shirley and one of her girlfriends. It wasn't til we were walking home that I could talk with her about my 'date'.
"Did he like the lingerie?" she teased.
"Yes."
"What? He saw it?"
"My dress shoulder fell down at the restaurant."
"And he saw, you let him see?"
"He said nice things," I grinned.
"Wow. Unbelievable. Which one did you wear?"
"The black lace."
"The most boring one."
"Come on. If it was the white one, I'd be kicked out."
"He didn't think you were coming onto him?"
"There's no point trying to hide it. He knows."
"You told him? I told you not to tell him. It will freak him out."
"I didn't tell him. I don't have to. He can tell. He's not stupid."
"And he's okay with it?" Shirley frowned.
"I don't know. Even if anything happened, it would be...slow...impossible. Everything would change. He's officially still married; my mother would kill me. Then kill him."
"Be careful Wendy. You know mine is sex. Yours is much more dangerous."
"I thought you said you were in love with the father."
"I am. But he'll never leave her. Turns out it's her money."
"Then break it off."
"Not yet. He can still make me cum. No one else could do that."
—————
"Please, do I have to?"
Shirley and the father were in their cheap hotel at lunch. He had just ordered a bisexual hooker online.
"You know I've never done that," Shirley whined.
"I know," he grinned, "That's what makes it interesting."
The father sat and watched for most of the sex. Shirley whimpered as the girl undressed her. She sobbed as the girl sucked her breasts. She screamed out loud as the girl fisted her, all the time the father taking videos. By the time the naked girl sat her vagina onto her face, Shirley had lost the fight.
"You're officially lesbian now," the father told her. He held her head to the whore's breast as Shirley sucked on her nipples. He took her hand and put it to her mound as he'd once made her do to herself.
"It's just like fingering your own cunt baby. That's it. Fuck her with your fingers. You're doing well. More fingers. Good, really good. Fuck the shit out of her. We've made you into a lesbian baby. Great job."
—————-
"You look glum," I said to Shirley as we shopped for clothes for my second date. It only took a month after the first to be asked on a second.
"And you're bouncing off the walls."
"You know why I'm happy. What's wrong with you?"
Shirley started sobbing. I pulled her into a stairway and we sat. For several minutes I let her cry into my shoulder. As the sobbing slowed, I asked the question on my mind.
"You're pregnant?"
"No!"
"You're sick?"
"No. Much worse."
"You killed him?"
"No," she said almost laughing. "I'm lesbian."
"What?" I frowned. "What are you talking about?"
"I'm a lesbian. I've had sex with girls."
"Girls? How many girls?"
"Five."
"He made you. He forced you to do that?"
Shirley nodded.
"Shirley. That's it. You got to get out. That's too much. He can't make you to do that. Enough."
"But....," she kept crying, "that's why I feel so bad. He's not forcing me anymore. Well...the first time. I didn't want to do it the first time. But it's like he knows me. He knows I've always had it in me. Wendy, it's me. When I have a girl kissing me...naked...I go mushy."
"Ah. Okay," I was shocked. "They only do it to you though, right?"
"Not just them."
"You...actively...?"
"Wendy, I suck their pussies. All of them. I can't help it. When they took their pants off...I can't help it. I mean, he's had me drinking my own pussy for so long now, but it's not the same. Girls are so fucking sexual. Sensual. I can taste how sexy they are."
"Shirley, it's a phase, surely. You and I have never had any moment like that. Have we?"
"Wendy. I'm so mixed up. I don't know if I can trust myself with anyone,"
I suddenly felt concerned.
"What girls? Who were they?"
"Prostitutes mainly. One was online dating."
"Geez, Shirley. Things have gone to pot ever since you took that job."
"It brought you and Hugh together," she said testily. "That was good."
"Yes," I agreed. "But what's that mean for the father? You don't want his cock anymore? Did his experiment blow up in his face?"
"I still want him. When he fucks me from behind, and I'm sucking the girl, it's...heaven."
"Or hell. Does he fuck those girls too?"
"Of course."
"Well...you deserve each other."
"So do you and Hugh," she said genuinely, not noticing I was being sarcastic. "We should go back shopping. You need a dress for your second date. And we need to ramp up."
"You sure I can trust you, trying clothes?" I teased her.
"I'll only look, I promise."
—————
Hugh and I had spoken a lot about our first date. Neither of us expected it would become so seamlessly sensual. It had been so easy for me to show him my body in just my underwear. I'd never been like that with anyone. He believed me.
I was almost relieved when he said we would cool off for two weeks to see how we felt before deciding on a second date. I asked for four weeks instead. I didn't tell the real reason. My cycle had my period coming about three weeks away. Not that I expected to have sex with him, but if he saw my underwear again, I didn't want to have a pad.
So, for a month to the day, we didn't mention a thing. Life was normal. Routine. Wonderful. When time was up, Hugh asked me out instantly.
Mom was surprised to see him back again.
"You obviously didn't give him what he wanted the first time," she scowled. "He's back for a second try."
"I will never be like you," I smiled and kissed her as I skipped out the door. It was late afternoon this time. We had a drive downriver to one of the show-boats, almost an hour away. I wore a dress that matched his car. It was long with a huge split on one side. Backless, it wrapped around my neck. It was entirely un-jeweled and the material was matte so I wasn't overdressed. A cardigan I had at home suited it nicely and helped me get out the door. If mother had seen how I looked with my hair tired up from behind, there would have been a fuss.
"Did I leave my jacket here last time?" I asked, looking in the back seat.
"Been there a month," Hugh confirmed.
I tossed my cardigan on top of it.
"Can I take a look at your bra?" Hugh asked as we merged into the freeway. He knew full well I didn't have one.
"Sure," I looked at him. For a moment I think he thought I might actually move the dress aside to show my breast. No way was I that comfortable, yet. "We'll have to turn around though. Go back home. It's in my underwear drawer."
Hugh smiled and nodded.
"Panties?" he ventured.
"Ah, no. Won't have to go home for that, got them right here," I said flatly. "Sorry."
"It's okay!"
We talked and laughed. I unwittingly showed my leg, putting my feet up on the dash. I had to apologize for distracting him.
"I'm really not used to clothes that give peeks underneath. Need to learn to be conscious of it."
"Or not," Hugh suggested.
"Well, as long as you're having fun."
"I am."
——————-
The boat trip was super nice. Three stories, old-fashioned, well-appointed. Music, dinner, drinks, dance. Fairy lights and moonlight. Classic romantic.
"I'm glad it worked out," Hugh admitted, leaning on the rail with a glass of Muscat.
"You've never been here?"
"No."
I was surprised. It was nice that we could do new things, rather than re-hash previous dates.
"Am I allowed to bring up the party?" I asked.
"I'm not going to stop you."
"When is the next one?"
"Tonight."
"Is that why we're way out here?"
"Not the only reason," Hugh smiled. "I always wished I had a reason to try this sort of thing, instead of going to the parties up the hill."
"You worry I'll take drugs?"
"Not at all."
"Animals get disemboweled?"
"Wendy, come on."
"What could possibly go on that you're so afraid I'll get addicted to."
"I don't worry you'll get addicted."
"Then what? Disgusted?"
"Yes, more likely that."
"But you've been to a lot of these parties?"
"Yes," he admitted.
"And you're nice. So, it can't be torturous. You have to tell me. It's driving me nuts."
"The only way to know is to go."
"Then take me."
"You won't like it."
"When's the next one?"
"Not for five weeks."
"Then whenever you take me to see it, it can be our third date."
Hugh shook his head. "Let's see how you feel a week out. If you still want to go...sigh...I'll give you the prep. You'd have to go and get some special gear. A fancy-dress mask for a start. The sort that stays on all night. Nothing handheld. Nothing flimsy. Nothing sweaty. If the mask comes off, you have to leave."
"Is this a bondage thing?"
"Wendy, seriously. I can't tell you. All I can say is I don't think it's for you."
"I'm determined."
"Foolish," he countered. "Oh, and the mask has to be white."
——————-
The night was remarkably controlled and appropriate given the way the first date ended. It wasn't until the end that we kissed for the first time, on the foredeck of the bottom floor close to the water. He held me loosely from behind, using his left hand to run gently along the skin of my bare back. He noticed the goosebumps it gave me.
"Are you cold?"
"No!"
He kept touching. Along my sides too. It tickled but I dare not let him know, I didn't want to break the spell. As his lips went to my neck, the back of his fingers ran along the side of my bare breast.
I pushed my rear against the hard-on I felt in his pants. That gave him permission to move his hands in under my dress from the side, onto the skin of my stomach. As he kissed my neck harder both hands moved up to lightly finger the bottom side of my breasts. I'd never felt so sticky and wet. My underwear felt clammy and uncomfortable. When his hand moved up and clasped my breasts fully, squeezing my nipples between his fingers I squealed in delight.
After ten minutes kissing my neck and feeling me up as I groaned appreciatively, some people behind us saw what was happening, tsk-tsking us. Embarrassed, Hugh pulled his hands out and off my breasts. He stepped away, but I didn't let go that easy. I turned and pushed into him, my lips to his. A long and long-awaited first kiss. His hands on my bare back felt wonderful, the sweet wine on his breath divine. I'm not sure how long it lasted, I was floating above the deck. Eventually we were pushed inside by a steward, the boat was docking. Throughout the process of packing up and leaving I could feel Hugh's handprints still on my beasts. How is it those other boys I once had were no longer in my memory. I couldn't recall a single one of them holding my tits like that. Had it never happened or had I simply chosen to forget?
I thought we could maybe fool around in the car on the way back, kiss him, touch him as we drove but he told me to behave. We'd had some wine. It was a long drive at night. He didn't say it, but I could feel that he meant that the little one at home couldn't do without us just yet. Fair enough. Seats in a BMW though, they draw you into them and entice you to sleep.
Hugh gently nudged me awake on my street. We kissed sleepily, his hands all over me but not under my dress again.
"I didn't show you my underwear," I complained.
"Look at you. You're half asleep. We'll do this again."
I nodded. "Yes. We will."
It wasn't until I got inside that I realized I'd forgotten another top in his car, this time my cardigan.
—————
On Monday Hugh and I spoke happily about the night we had Saturday, and the short-term rules we had to abide. For now, Tracy wasn't to know we had kissed. And under no circumstances would we touch or kiss at his home. He insisted we make no plans other than the party I wanted to see.
"Let's see how you feel about life Above after that. Don't underestimate the ugliness Wendy. It took Eve away from us."
"But you're worried I'll hate it, not love it, right? That's different right?"
"Okay, enough arguing with you over that."
"Have you heard from her?"
"Eve? No. Not a word. But it takes two years before I can officially cut her off from us."
"Cut her off?
"If she disappears for that long with 'no emotional or financial support' we can legally separate from her."
I shrugged.
"I'm not sure you should..."
"I know, I know what you mean. It doesn't mean she can't be her mother again one day, it just means she can't legally block us if we change schools or move to Turkey, that sort of thing."
"Turkey?"
"You know what I mean. She'll not be able to pop up one day and suddenly control what Tracy can and can't do."
"Fair enough."
"Divorce I can apply for as well."
That statement made for a sudden change of mood. We both looked at each other.
"Which is a decision entirely separate from anything to do with you by the way. Eve doesn't go back to things she discards, and even if she did, I wouldn't trust it was permanent. This is entirely for Tracy and I."
"Of course! We've kissed once, I'm hardly thinking of that! Especially with a guy that holds a girl's breasts in his hands before she's even kissed him."
"I did do that, didn't I?" he grinned. "Sorry."
In truth I could still feel his touch. It was such an appropriate thing to do at the time. I loved it.
—————
I saw less and less of Shirley. I noticed her going off-campus with a few different girls at lunchtimes. I guessed she was recruiting lesbians and bis from school for her student's father. She seemed happy, even though she was drifting away from me. Things change, right? Nothing stays how it is forever.
I told Hugh about it. He asked me if I would ever have sex with her. It was an interesting concept. I'd never even thought of going to bed with a girl.
"How?" I asked genuinely.
"Suck each other's breasts. Finger each other?"
"You think I could do that?" I asked wistfully.
"Yeah. And suck her cunt. Same as what a guy would do."
"Guys don't really like doing that to girls though, surely? It's like sucking cock, girls do it to keep their man happy, they don't actually like putting it in their mouth right?"
Hugh smiled.
"Some do. I think."
"Okay. Fine. I guess I'm too conservative."
"Everyone has their comfort zone. Don't feel bad about who you are. It shifts over time anyway."
"Is it true that girls want sex more after they're thirty?" I asked.
"Ha! I don't have a big enough sample to answer that accurately."
"My stats teacher at high school said we need a sample size of 2,200 to be 95% accurate in our assumption."
"Yeah, well, I've slept with less than half of that."
"Oh really?" I asked. "How many exactly?"
"One day dear Wendy, you may have the right to ask that question. That day has not come."
"Not yet," I smiled.
"Not yet."
"Our third date is coming, though."
"Which given its nature, may be our last. So we'll pick this conversation up after then, hey?"
"Sure."
—————
I was given a list of things I needed to wear as a woman to the mysterious party.
EVERYTHING must be white.
White mask.
No dresses, must be separate top and bottom.
Elegant top of any nature.
Top must not fall below belly button.
Pants or skirt permissible.
Underwear to your choosing (white).
Shoes to your choosing.
Jewelry - diamond, pearl, platinum, silver only.
Make-up - cool themes only, no reds or pinks.
"It's like I'm going to Wimbledon," I told Shirley.
"Or to Elsa's castle," she replied.
Shirley hadn't abandoned me totally thank goodness. I needed her help!
"You've got the white lingerie we bought for you at least," she said.
"The shelf bra? Isn't that a bit too much for a party?"
"Not as long as you keep your top on! Anyways, the pants for that set are relatively normal," she said, "But, on top, your choices are... fluffy short jumper, or body-tight wide collar t-shirt, or this button up white shirt? It's short enough, only to your waist. Looks cute."
"It's a kid's size!"
"So what? Come try it."
I picked out a pair of tight white pants, some white shorts and a mesh white skirt to mix and match.
Shirley followed me in to the change-rooms.
"Umm, are you really planning to come in here, given your recent admissions about yourself?"
"Hey. It's just looking! I'm your friend still, right?"
"Geez," I moaned. "Come on then. Get it over with. Quick."
She came right into the cubicle. It was tight. Shirley helped me pull my T-shirt over my head, but I said I was fine to do my pants myself!
Each of the tops looked good in the mirror. We decided on the short shirt under and the fluffy jumper over as I had no idea whether it would be hot inside or cold from the air-con.
"But you better see what the shirt looks like without this bra," Shirley said, unsnapping me from behind. "If you wear the white shelf-bra, you'll be all breast under it."
Instinctively I covered up. Even if I didn't know she had been having sex with girls, I would have covered. I'm not comfortable being undressed in front of people. I don't feel bad about my body. It's not that. I know I'm in as good shape as I ever will. It's just a personal thing.
I had to take my hands away to put the shirt on, though. I could sense Shirley sizing me up. I scrambled the buttons so quickly that I messed them up, having to undo and start again.
"It's short, no?"
"It's not meant to go past your waist."
"Oh, god, look at my breasts. They come right through this material."
"These?" Shirley asked, bringing her hands up and under my shirt at the front, almost a repeat of Hugh. Her hands went straight to my breasts, holding and squeezing.
"Shirley, you said you wouldn't touch..."
She didn't reply, she simply started kissing the side of my neck. I said no again, but it was weak. I seriously didn't know what to do. Unlike when Hugh had me in this same position, this time I was watching it all unfold in the mirror in front of me. For some crazy reason, all I could think was the shirt was too small for her hands in there; it would be stretched or the buttons ripped. Undoing the buttons seemed to send the wrong signal, but I couldn't help myself. In just my panties and an undone shirt, Shirley's kisses became harder. One hand moved away from my tits and into the back of my panties, caressing the skin of my ass.
"Shirley. No."
I was worried about the noise. People outside would know. If they came in and saw us like we were, no way would they believe I was an innocent party.
The kisses were on my cheeks. My nipples were hard and being played. The hand in my pants went dangerously lower.
I spun around toward her trying to beg her to stop. Or at least be quiet.
"Okay, I'll be quiet," she agreed.
My first lesbian kiss. Right on the mouth. Oh god. I didn't kiss back but I didn't know how to stop. I didn't want to touch her to push her away.
Shirley parted lips for long enough to rip her own T-shirt off and tear off her bra. My shirt hit the floor with it. Our next kiss was breast to breast. Her nipples were poking into my skin. Mine into hers. It was the weirdest feeling. Her tongue went in my mouth. Hands started pushing my panties down at the rear. I recalled the conversation I had with Hugh. How was she planning to do this?
"Shirley. Please. This is you... but it's not me... oh shit."
A mouth hit my breast. Then moved to the other. I turned to look at myself in the mirror. My panties were at my thighs. A topless girl was latched onto my tits. I saw the hand coming in the mirror before I felt it between my legs.
"Oh god," I yelled out. Shirley put two fingers straight up me.
"You're wet baby," Shirley said with my nipple in her mouth.
"Shirley. Not there. Not there. I'm serious."
I took her hand and forcibly removed it from my vagina. I pulled up my pants.
"Shirley. Not there."
"Okay, Okay, I'll keep it above the waist, I promise."
"This is like a high school date," I sighed.
We two topless girls kissed for a time. It was an interesting experience. I knew in my heart it was once-off. I took my chance when she brought my hand to her breast to experience the feeling. And when she pushed my mouth to her nipple, I did that too. She pulled her own shorts and panties down but couldn't get me to put my hand between her legs.
"Above the waist, you said."
"Okay, Okay," Shirley conceded. After that she mostly behaved. I forgave her hands down on my ass in my panties, as long as the underwear stayed on.
Holding me from behind, looking into the mirror, she seductively pulled on my nipples and kissed my ear.
"You know this isn't me, right?"
"I know," Shirley conceded. "You're being nice, letting me try you out. But you're not buying."
"Some girls do?"
"Some, Yeah."
"I'm glad you're happy Shirley."
We turned into each other and kissed again. I voluntarily squeezed her breasts, knowing she would probably like it.
"You're a good friend Wendy."
I nodded.
"Can we stop now?" I asked as politely as I could.
"Sure. But can I finger you just one more time?"
I didn't say yes, but I didn't stop her as her hand went down the front of my panties. Two fingers went inside me again.
"Oh god," I moaned. "Shirley, please, I'm not lesbian."
"Then why are you so wet?"
The slopping was loud as she pumped me. I couldn't answer.
"Take your pants off for me baby," Shirley panted, kissing my lips.
"No, no..."
"Wendy. Take them off."
Head in a spin, I pulled my panties down and stepped out of them. Shirley and I were naked. She was kissing my lips, thumping her hand between my legs. I was terrified I was going to become gay.
"Do me too. Please," she begged, taking my hand to her own pussy. I shook my head in disappointment at myself as I pushed my fingers inside my friend. Strangely I knew what to do, having been fingered myself.
"Wendy. Oh god Wendy. More. Fuck me. Fuck me please."
I don't know why, but I got angry suddenly. Shirley knew I didn't want this, but she put her own sex ahead of our friendship. In a rush of spite, I shoved everything I could up that vagina. I wanted to hurt her, make her regret getting undressed with me. Four fingers, then my thumb. Mercilessly I forced her open.
"Wendy, Oh shit! What are you doing?"
"Hurting you," I whispered. My whole fist sunk inside my friend's pussy.
"Oh Wendy. That is so fucking...amazing," Shirley groaned, "Oh my god. Let me do it to you."
"Huh? What?" I said, waking up to her meaning. "No, no, no, I don't need."
The lady of the shop started to 'enquire as to our wellbeing'. It took the longest time to get my hand out of Shirley's pussy and get her to let go of mine. Shirley cheekily opened the change-room door, picked up her clothes and walked naked to the next cubicle. That poor lady, to see her face, staring at me in the change-room naked, my whole hand glistening in pussy juice. How could I even start to explain it was my first ever sex with a girl? I just shrugged and got dressed.
————-
It's important to note that these mad moments with Hugh and Shirley and her student's father were the exception. Normal everyday life consumed 90% of my time. College, classes, more and more friends, home, my cranky mom, evenings with Tracy then cards with Hugh til the Uber guy turned up. Hugh was still paying me the full fee even though a third of the time was just us two. I tried to stop him but he laughed it off. I have to say my bank balance was the healthiest it had ever been.
I felt guilty. Little Tracy was coming along so well, I was so proud of the work Hugh and I and the teachers at school and the neighbors had done with her. I worried if she found out one day that everyone did it for love, but I did it for money, that she would be heartbroken. I told Hugh about how I felt. He simply said wait til after the third date. I might feel differently then. He was so worried about how I would react to the party that I was beginning to feel apprehensive myself.
"Not before time," Hugh said seriously. "We can still pull out."
"No," I said stubbornly, but with less bravado than before. "I bought my outfit already. But I can't wear it when I leave home. I'll have to change somewhere."
"I'll get the Uber dude to bring you here to change. We can go from here."
"What time does Tracy leave?"
"Plenty early. Don't have to worry. Car at 6?"
I nodded. I would be ready as I could be.
—————-
The nerves kicked in that night in bed. I had a fitful sleep. I had no idea what to do with myself until the 6pm pick-up time. In the end I helped with gardening which I never do. I went for a short trim which I didn't need. I took a manicure for the first time in my life. I packed and re-packed my overnight bag, even though my stay wasn't going to be overnight.
Tick-tick-tick, I imagined the second hand on my watch must sound like if it made sound. I actually waited on the front porch like I did when I used to wait for Grandpa to arrive for Christmas as a kid.
"Bye Mom," I yelled out, shaking the nostalgia from my head and jumping into the 7-seat Uber alone. I was on an adventure. Discovery. Unravelling a mystery. I needed to have my wits back with me. Fully. I told myself I was in a good mood; therefore, I was.
—————
"We've got plenty of time," Hugh said. "We can have a drink. A bite if you want. Some snacks at least. You can change now, or a bit later."
"I better do it now. I need you to tell me if it's right. The instructions were a bit confusing."
"Is it all white?"
"Yes."
"Everything?" he asked, looking through my clothes.
"Everything," I confirmed.
"Change in the room next to Tracy's. There's a big mirror in there."
I took my time. As I put on the bra, I shuddered. What if he really did want to see my underwear again. What kind of girl wears a shelf-bra? All my tits were on show. Shirley wouldn't mind of course. I shook my head. Didn't need that memory messing up my night. The panties weren't as tiny as the black ones but they were hardly 'normal'. It was luck I naturally had so little hair, given the plain mesh front and back.
The shirt looked normal before you put it on, but it was translucent. The color of my nipples was obvious.
"You can see," I said to myself.
With the short jumper on top it looked fine. The problem was Hugh's house was warm, he'd think it weird to keep a jumper on over the shirt.
The skirt was long and mesh. It was designed to show off your underwear underneath. So, if my top was like that too, it would be too much.
In the end I took off the shirt and wore just the jumper. It was less complicated that way. I only had one layer and I'd just have to suck up the warmth.
—————
"Holy shit, that's a nice skirt."
I blushed, of course, as I spun around as requested. "You look really good."
"This jumper is short. Am I going to be okay having my midriff open like this?"
"You'll be fine. Is that top too warm for you?"
"I'm okay. It's just this. Nothing under. Well, a bra. White, of course."
"That's good" Hugh smiled, handing me a wine. I drank it so quickly it was clear I was nervous.
"Have another. But relax. I'll be at your side the whole time. I promise."
—————
"After this we walk through that door at the end. Once we go through, we can't come back. It's a one-way door. The only exit is at the other end of the mansion."
"The other end?"
"Think of Ikea. You have to walk through the whole maze if you want to get out."
"Ah, okay."
"I'll explain the wristbands once we walk through the door."
I had a yellow band on my arm, Hugh had a green one, not that we could see the colors properly in the bright yellow room. It's the rookie room, Hugh had told me. It was filled with yellow-colored heat lamps on the high ceiling.
"Shoes need to come off. Special marble floors. On the other side we get fitted slippers. Put your shoes on the shelf here."
Hugh took his off, so I did the same. If it's a one-way door, how do we get them back later? I didn't ask. There must be a way.
"And...these too," he said, holding his waistband.
"What?"
"These need to be left behind too."
"Our clothes? All of them?"
"No, just the bottom."
"We need to wear special pants out there? What the hell are they planning to put us in?"
"You'll see. Off. On the shelf."
I'd never seen Hugh in his underwear. He had seen me, so I was more nervous about his pants sliding down than my skirt coming off.
"This is weird," I admitted, standing five feet from him, both of us with short tops and just our underwear on bottom.
"Take your pants off."
"What?"
"Take your pants off."
"These?" I asked, thumbing my panties, shocked.
"Pull them off. Show me your pussy."
"You gotta be kidding?"
"Off."
"I can't take my pants off."
"Wendy. Show me your pussy."
"Why you need that?"
"Take your pants off."
"You take your own pants off!"
To my absolute shock, he did. I put my hand to my mouth. I couldn't believe it. This was not how I'd ever expected to see Hugh's penis.
"Hugh, what is this? What's going on?"
"Take your pants off, Wendy."
"Why?"
"Wendy, show me your pussy."
"What are you going to do to me?"
"Nothing!"
"I don't trust you."
His penis was right there. In the open. Covered in weird yellow light. It was scarily thick even though it was soft.
"Wendy. Yes, you do. You know you do," Hugh said calmly. "Believe me when I say you're safe."
"I'll be safe?"
"Of course you will."
"Do I have to?"
"You have to. Wendy, honey, take your pants off."
"It's embarrassing."
"I know."
"What will you do to me?"
"Wendy. Take them off. Show me your cunt."
I looked around the room.
"There are no cameras," Hugh said, reading my mind. My hands were shaking as I pulled my underwear down. They dropped to my ankles. I felt like turning around, but showing my bare ass in was just as embarrassing.
"Step out of them. Hand them to me."
I did as he asked. He could feel my hand shaking.
"What... happens now? Are we going to take...?" I fingered my top.
"No nothing else. Your top must stay on. It cannot come off your shoulders. What we're going to do now is walk out those doors. I'll explain more on the other side."
"What is out there?" I asked, shaking.
"Let's take a look."
He moved in close to help me put my mask on, and his own.
Hugh then took my hand. I followed behind timidly. I felt cold. My ass was covered in goosebumps. I tried to walk with my legs closed as if that would somehow hide my small bush.
Behind the doors were bright white lights. After coming out of a fully yellow room I had a moment of blindness. I heard the door click behind me. When my eyes adjusted, the sight was truly amazing. Cold black and white marble floors. Huge ceilings. Mirrors on nearly every wall and roof. Any uncovered wall and ceiling space were bright white. The lighting was crystal with bright white incandescence. Every guest everywhere was dressed in masks and white tops and every guest everywhere had no pants. None. Pussy and cock were everywhere.
In front of us was a fully dressed staff member in a white top with black pants manning a golden rope. He looked us up and down, and checked down my front that everything under my jumper was white. He seemed uninterested in my bare nipples, nor with my bare vagina. We passed his scrutiny and moved further down the hall.
"We need shoes. This way."
A walk-in cloak room had rows of clear plastic high heel shoes for women and white boat-shoes for men. A servant man took my hand and sat me on a clear plastic chair, cold on my ass. He measured each foot. I was trying so hard to hide my pussy; unlike the doorman this guy was blatantly checking me out.
I looked over at Hugh. He was checking me out too, but more to my emotional state than my nudity. I wasn't happy, there was no way I would be here if I knew I had to show my vagina to people. Even showing my tits would be difficult. Having no pants was pure torture. How could he bring me to such a place?
I could hear his answer in my head. He'd told me twenty times I wouldn't like it, but pigheadedly I'd driven forward anyway. My own curiosity had shamed me, not Hugh.
And then there was his cock. I hadn't taken a proper look. I guessed it was biggish. I didn't really know enough to be sure, but compared to other guests he looked scary. And I had a tinge of disappointment to know he had been to many of these parties, that he had shown himself to so many people already. I thought he had more dignity than that. Was he just another sleezy old guy after all?
The heels were tall. For a little while I held Hugh tightly to get used to them.
"Naked girls look better standing in heels," he explained. "More elegant."
"Elegant?" How could being in public with no pants ever be elegant? I felt shoddy and cheap, like one of Shirley's whores. The only saving grace was my mask. As Hugh walked us along the hall, I could see guys stop to check me out, front and back. If I hadn't been able to hide my embarrassment behind my facial feathers, it would have been impossible to carry on.
At the end of the first Hall was a massive balustrade that ran around a huge open circular space. Staircases spiraled down three levels.
"Wow," I couldn't help but say.
"Impressive isn't it?"
"I thought we came in on the ground floor, now we're on the top floor?"
"Built down the back of the hill. There's a spectacular pool deck and garden out back."
"Hugh, I can't walk through all those people. Not like this."
"You're uncomfortable showing your cunt so openly?"
"I was embarrassed taking off my pants just for you. Out here... it's mortifying."
"No one knows who you are with that mask."
"I know. You know. And guys keep staring."
"What do you expect? You've got a great ass. Your pussy looks young and fresh. What guy wouldn't be interested?"
"You were right about me not wanting to be here. Can we leave?"
"Only by walking through all that. Come on, there's a bar on this level the other side. Let's sit and hide for a while."
—————
The seats were designed that you couldn't actually hide away. The barstools were stuck to the floor, out from the counter. As much wine as I drank, Hugh's penis didn't stop pointing toward me. I couldn't cover my pubes with my short jumper.
"Are they..." I said, looking at a couple in the back.
"Fucking? Yes."
A lady in a white t-shirt was sitting on an unsighted guy, facing forward, pulling her pussy up and down his erection.
"First time?"
"What?" I asked shakily,
"Watching live sex."
"Of course!"
I drank more wine. The barman topped me up but Hugh smiled and said take-it-easy.
"Let me explain this place," he said gently. He leaned toward me, hands on my knees. He pulled my legs apart. The lights were so bright, there was no hiding my pussy lips from his stare.
"Everyone is here for your cunt."
"My cunt?"
"This whole party is about sex with girls. Boys having sex with girls, girls having sex with girls. No foreplay. Just penetration."
Hugh let that sink in for a while.
"Am I going to be raped?"
"Ha! Not today. No."
He ordered another whiskey.
"Today you have a yellow wristband, which indicates a rookie. Rookies don't have to do anything they don't want. My green one means I'm escorting a rookie."
"Only rookies don't have to do anything?"
"Every person here, you can't say no. If someone comes up and wants to fuck you, you have to let them."
"Have to?"
"Well, you choose to. It's the rules of the party. If you don't like the rules, you won't come to the party."
"I didn't know the rules!"
"Which is why you have a yellow wristband."
"So...on a normal night," I said spinning around and pointing at a random, "If that guy asked, I have to fuck him?"
"Yes. Him or his woman."
"Women fuck women too?"
"Yes."
"Jeez. Don't let me lose this wristband," I said, holding it tightly.
"So that's most of it. No full nudity, except in the pool. You have to keep your top on. You can lift it to show your tits, but can't take it off."
Hugh stood and came close to me.
"Like this," he said, pulling up my jumper. I could tell he was shocked that I had an open shelf bra. He had gripped my breasts on our last date but had never seen them.
"Perfect," he said. I wasn't sure if he meant me or the bra.
I didn't expect he would lean down and kiss them. He took me by surprise. It was bizarre. The barman grinned as he watched my chest get mouthed at his counter. Hugh took my hand and moved it to his penis.
"Oh my god!"
He was hard. And huge. I tugged gingerly. People around us started watching. Hugh stood, leaving my tits out. I was panting. He reached around and grabbed my ass, pulling it to the edge of the stool. He took my hand off his cock, then pushed my legs well apart.
"Lean back," he told me. "Lean back on the bar."
He held his own cock, rubbing his head back and forth between my lips, getting both of us wet.
"Are you really going to do this to me?" I panted. "Here?"
Hugh found the spot and pushed. I grimaced and screamed at the intrusion. Three guys came in close to my left, watching it happen. I blushed behind the mask as Hugh began the long grinding task of opening my pussy up. It took an age for me to take it all. Then he started fucking. He was holding my hips on the stool and humping madly. I could smell my pussy as it slopped on each stroke.
Hugh was fucking me. Hugh. In a bar, with a group of men watching on. How did it get to this? He kept pulling my jumper up to show those guys my tits. I'd never felt more humiliated.
He pulled out, took me off the stool, spun me and made me hold the counter. Entering from behind I was facing directly at the barman watching me get nailed. Hugh was lifting me to tippy-toes on his thrusts. It had been such a long time since I'd been fucked. Over a year. I'd forgotten what it felt like to have a man in me. This was not the way I expected it would happen.
Hugh spun us around to let the crowd watch me standing up in front of him getting humped. I was having an out-of-body experience. Only the mask got me through without collapsing in humiliation.
Finally he slowed, shuffling us to the bar to get drinks, his cock still up me.
"Let's go over there," he pointed to a quiet sofa. Slowly withdrawing his cock, he took my hand and led me to the back of the bar lounge. There were all sorts of sex goods on the low table. He picked up a tube and opened it, pouring gel onto his massive hard-on. He sat, pulling me down to sit on him. The gel helped his cock glide easily back in.
"So," he said, pulling my jumper back above my tits again, "How is your cunt?"
I didn't know what to say. So, I said nothing. He held my hips, swaying them on his lap, rolling his erection around inside me.
He looked up and kissed my lips. He unsnapped my shelf-bra so he could take full grip of my tits as we tongued. Pulling it through my sleeves, it went down to the floor.
"Please don't cum in me," I begged. "Don't get me pregnant."
"You're such a great fuck, Wendy. Better than I could have dreamt. Such a tight cunt."
I blushed all over. In the bright light it was easy to tell.
"Why are you doing this to me?"
"Doing what?"
"Fucking me. Here. Like this."
"Third date?" he laughed. It was obvious it wasn't funny to me though. "Seriously? Because I've had to hold myself back for such a long time. I've adored you for such a long time. When I saw your tits in a shelf bra, I guess I knew you wanted me to have sex with you. You wore that bra before you knew anything about this place or this party. So, I lost it. I'm sorry. Months of pent up desire."
I nodded. What could I say to that?
Hugh continued, "And because it's the only way you'll get through the house. If I just walked you down through it all, you'd be a nervous wreck. By getting up your cunt, we can enjoy the evening afterward."
"You know how wrong this is for me, right?"
"I do. I told you it wasn't your place. But you insisted to come. And now you have a cock up you. It's what happens here. It's all about cunt."
"Are you the only one that's going to fuck me?"
"What would you like? You have the yellow band. You can do or not do what you like."
"I only want you."
"Okay."
"Can you put more gel? I'm getting dry."
"Of course," he said, lifting me and covering himself in liquid. I held his erection up and guided it back inside, wiping my hands on his shoulders.
"You know I will hate you for this later."
"I absolutely know that! So tonight, I'm going to fuck the shit out of you, just in case it's the last time."
"You already are," I said lifting up and down. It felt nice once I was wet inside again.
"Oh Wendy. This is nothing yet."
—————-
What Hugh said was true. After having cock in me, I was fine to leave the top floor bar and walk around.
"Thanks for not cumming in me," I said, kissing his lips.
"So far," he replied into my mouth.
"So far," I agreed. "I think having these masks is genius."
"It is. On so many levels. So. Can I show you around?"
I nodded.
Trying to walk was awkward.
"Shit. This feels weird. It's been a while since a guy..."
"Was inside you?" Hugh teased me.
"I look like I've just been fucked," I said, shuffling along in my heels.
"You do!"
"Help me."
Hugh held out his arm and we walked along together. The stares took time getting used to. Not everyone was my age. Or physique.
"Without that yellow wrist-band, you wouldn't make it through the party very quickly," Hugh agreed.
"I'd really have to fuck anyone that asked?"
He nodded.
The top floor was the entry and the bar, but also an art gallery. Fully-dressed staff carried trays of bubbly and tit-bits. Only one couple was coupling, on a backless sofa in the middle of the room. Both were less than attractive. I wished I'd not seen it.
"Minimalist," Hugh said, pointing at the walls.
"I love it," I said genuinely. I had seen the Netflix series on minimalism but never seen an exhibition live. "This is an unusual night."
"You like it?"
"Ha! I don't think I'd say that."
Also on the top floor was an observatory. There was a half-dozen telescopes on the outdoor decking, all pointed at the sky. We were on the dark side of the hill, away from city lights. As I bent to look through one, Hugh held my hips and rubbed his penis against my backside. He made himself hard but didn't enter me. It was a nice sensual moment.
"I've never seen the moon like this. Amazing. Look."
We swapped. As he bent to the viewer I reached around and tugged him. It was my first proactive sexual act in living memory.
"Hey, haven't you seen enough?" I asked after a minute. "People are waiting!"
"For you?"
"Not for me. I've got a yellow wristband," I smirked.
"For reference, that won't stop people asking."
I shrugged. "They can ask."
"Yeah, well, don't be surprised if asking is grabbing your ass, or putting a hand between your legs to see if you're wet."
"I thought you said they couldn't?"
"They can't fuck you, but testing the waters isn't fucking."
"Okay, now you've made me nervous again."
"Better to know now than get a surprise."
Back inside we took the huge spiral stairs down a level. People without pants were everywhere. Some of the bodies were gorgeous. Some were not. How did so many people even know about this?
"It's like the Full Moon Party in Thailand. That's every four weeks, this one's every five. People from round the world come for it."
"On an annual ticket?"
"It only costs money, right?"
There were magicians, jugglers, musicians. There was a spin the bottle game with a room full of people. Pills were everywhere, but when you took any you had to swipe your thumbprint.
"It's meant to stop you taking the wrong drugs. They keep a record. If you usually take Viagra but accidentally swallow ecstasy, it's a problem."
Some staff looked like security but I didn't see any of them called to action. It was a decidedly fun and well-behaved crowd.
"I love the white and the marble and the chrome and the mirrors. I just wish it wasn't so bright everywhere."
"You still want to hide your ass away?"
"Yes."
"I thought we'd cured you of that?"
"No," I said, taking a champagne from a waiter. "Need more of this."
As we made our way down through the floors the night became blurrier. Hugh led us down a hall to a small nightclub, the only place I'd seen that was dark and noisy rather than white and elegant. The lighting was blue, the music psychedelic. I didn't usually dance but I was drawn out there. I was drunk, I could feel the disconnect between myself and my actions. As I danced Hugh's hands were on my ass from behind, squeezing hard. A cock rubbed against my crack. And yet Hugh was dancing there in front of me. Some other person was rubbing his erection on me. Amazing.
"Perhaps we better go somewhere quiet for a while," I heard him yell, taking my hand, leading us back to the brightness of the party.
"Ooh, these heels are difficult to walk after drinking."
"Let's get you a spritzer."
"I'm fine. I'm fine."
"Yes, I can see that."
I didn't pick up in the sarcasm. Down the bottom of the atrium was a massive open space. To the side was a mock coffee shop.
"Perfect," Hugh said, dragging us over.
"Why are you force-feeding me this?"
"Need to get you sober."
"Why? Then I'll be scared again. Leave me like this."
Hugh laughed and continued to push me to drink coffee.
"You know this doesn't reduce the alcohol content in my blood, right?"
"Just need you awake enough for the pool."
"The pool?"
"The pool."
"The one place you can get me naked," I remembered. Miraculously.
"Exactly."
"Hugh. Please. Isn't this enough? All these people have seen my pussy. Can that be enough? It is embarrassing enough."
"I want to hold you in my arms naked. I've been dreaming of it."
"Then let's go home and do that. I'll stay naked all night."
"Hey, you know we can't do that there."
"Then fuck me. Over there in the corner. People can watch, I don't mind."
"Because you've done that already..."
"Please don't make me get completely naked here. This is embarrassing enough."
"C'mon, we'll go for a look at least."
"Just a look," I agreed. I was a little curious to see what the outside looked like.
It wasn't just the pool that was impressive, it was the garden. Lit up with old gas lamp-poles and fairy lights, it was spectacular. We could walk through and come back the other side of the patio deck. The smells were amazing.
"What is that?" I asked breathing deeply.
"Night blooming jessamine," he said, reading a small sign on one of the trees.
"Jasmine?"
"I think jessamine is different to jasmine, but don't really know."
I had the sudden urge to hold Hugh tightly. We kissed. The smells, the lights, the noise of the party. No pants. I was overloaded. When his hands gripped my ass, I put my tongue in his mouth. I could feel him getting warm and hard against me.
"You want me in the pool, don't you?" I said, kissing more gently.
"I'd love you in the pool," he agreed quietly.
I looked around and steeled myself.
"Okay. I'll do it. For you. Because I know you want it."
I lifted my short jumper up and over my mask and head. Hugh took it and put it on a folding lounge, taking the chance to step back and look at me.
"I guess you weren't expecting to be like this tonight?" he sympathized.
"Not surrounded by people. In the garden of someone's house."
"You look great," he said convincingly.
"You're not jealous? Look at all those guys. They're all looking. Don't you care?"
"Wendy. Listen. You're beautiful. I'm delighted you're one of those girls that lets every guy see her pussy. Her tits. Just like that. Some girls would never do that."
"Hey! I'm not one of those girls."
"You are now," Hugh teased me.
I gave up on the conversation. I turned and walked between all the chairs over to the pool edge, dipping my toe.
"Wow." It was toasty warm. Not what I expected. I wasn't going to wet my hair or mask so I moved the length of the pool to walk in via the steps. Hugh followed to watch, as did several other variously-aged men.
"Are you coming in?"
"Yeah. Just having a look first."
Yes, and not just him. It was nice to be neck deep in the water. The pool was lit up underneath, but it was hidden enough to be a relief from men's eyes, at last. And, as difficult as it was to admit to myself, the water on my body felt wonderful. I'd never swum without clothes before.
"This feels really nice," I accidentally said out loud. A guy nearby me smiled and agreed.
Hugh came in and swam over. He held me from behind, gripping my breasts. I thought back to the last time I had been in the arms of a man naked. It had been a long time. I hadn't missed it at all. Naked intimacy was awkward and messy. Men sucked on breasts that babies got milk. They sucked at the place girls pee. Girls did the same to guys. Why did anyone do any of it?
And yet, when Hugh's hand went between my legs, I opened up for him to drive deep inside.
"Oh, god, that feels good."
Did I say that? Hugh spun me around, lifted me into his arms and sucked on my breasts above the waterline.
"Oh, god, that feels good too, " I said. And I meant it. I reached between us to help his cock find the right spot. I really, really wanted it in me.
Had I just hit puberty or something? At my age? There was no logical reason for the cravings I had. I really, really wanted cock. That had never happened to me.
"Wow," Hugh said as I humped furiously. "Where did that come from?"
I ignored him. I was on a high that I'd not experienced before. The closest thing I could think of was caramel creme pie; I'd had that for the first time earlier in the year. I'd screamed out oh-my-god-where-have-you-been-all-my-life!?
The sex I was having, the feeling was a hundred-fold better.
"I don't know why...this feels so good," I grimaced. I was as scared as I was thrilled. Was it the surface of the water lapping at my breasts? The jessamine? My age? My body? Was I in heat, like an animal would be? I tried to think when my last period was.
"What feels good?"
"Cock," was all I could respond.
"It hurts?"
"Not at all," I growled. "Don't you dare take that out."
Unknown hands gripped my breasts, pulling at my nipples. My head spun. I hadn't known, but it was just what I needed. Whoever the guy was back there, he helped drive me crazy.
Hugh didn't seem to mind; he didn't get jealous when I let his shoulders go and leaned back onto the guy behind me. The guy held me up, holding my breasts as Hugh gripped my hips and pumped. I closed my eyes and soaked it all in as if it were a massage. A deep, erotic, orgasmic massage.
I whimpered when the guy behind lifted me off the beautiful erection I had in me.
"Why?"
He pushed my shoulders toward Hugh, standing up. We kissed. My hips were pulled backward and I could feel the prodding between my legs briefly before thrust, a cock was in me again. Not Hugh's.
Hugh kissed me, his tongue in my mouth. He held me steady while the stranger behind me fucked. I wanted to know who I was having sex with, but was terrified to turn and look.
"Hugh."
"Wendy."
I could feel the guy behind me twitch and unload.
"Hugh. He's getting me pregnant."
"You can feel it?"
"Yes."
"First pregnancy?"
"Yes."
Hugh held my breasts and kissed me. The guy in my pussy stayed as long as he could. When he softened and fell out, he said 'thanks' and got out of the pool. I never saw his face, just his body with its big huge tummy.
Hugh held my ass and pushed us together, kissing.
"I can't believe I've got you here naked, and you're carrying semen in your cunt. Amazing."
"But it's not yours."
"Let's get out and let some more guys fuck you," he smiled.
"Why? I don't understand why you want guys do that."
"You like cock, right?"
"I didn't before."
"Before was before. Come on. Let's give some old men a treat."
—————
Hugh didn't make me look at it. We were at a bar inside on the lower floor. My jumper was on my body again, but mostly pulled above my breasts. I leaned on the bar, backside out. Hugh had the barman cut my yellow wristband off.
"Like ants on honey," I heard someone say. I lost count of the number. Cock after cock. They all took turns in me. None of them were gentle. I was 'fresh meat', I heard one say. Some guys came in me. Some pulled out to spray it on my body, like they were marking territory. It tickled as it trickled down my sides. The whole time Hugh stood next to me, encouraging me to keep up my stamina. If the line ever finished, he called another man over. There were pools of semen on the floor between my legs where it poured out of me.
—————
Hugh had to help me walk to a stool after it had finished. He was the last to cum in me.
"First to fuck you, last to fuck you."
"Can we go?"
"Yes, if you like. Have you enjoyed it?"
I had no idea how to answer that question. I didn't know how I felt about anything. The party. Hugh. Myself. Tomorrow. What was I going to do tomorrow? Would things go back to normal? Would I be suicidal? Would I crave more cock? Every time a guy came in me, I feel some sort of weird satisfaction.
"It's not normal, right?"
"Not many women get to experience what you did. Maybe it's normal for girls who are gang-banged?"
"Did your Eve feel like this?"
"Maybe. We didn't talk about how she thought. Or felt. She just wanted more."
"I'm not sure I'll wake up happy, Hugh."
"You think?"
"What I did. It's shameful. If my family knew. If my friends knew. What boy would ever marry me now? What could I ever say to my kids one day about morals?"
"Is that was your worry is? What people think? Do your parents tell you one single thing about their sex life?"
"Of course not."
"So there you go. Are you going to interrogate a fiancé on the names of all the women he slept with?"
"No."
"So there you go."
"But I'll know."
"Knowing who you are and what you are capable of is good. It will help you choose a more appropriate path."
"Are you my path, Hugh?"
"Wendy. Come on. Probably not, right? You're too young. I couldn't do it to you. I'll be retired when you're in your prime. I'll die thirty years before you. That's no life for a woman."
It was hard to disagree.
"Can we have a little while together?" I thought out loud.
Hugh held me and kissed me, hands on my bare ass.
"Wendy, I'm happy to fuck you for a while if you're okay with it," he said airily. "You've got a killer body. For sure it would be fun getting into your cunt some more. We'd have to set a time limit though. Valentine's Day next year? One last dinner and fuck, then never see each other again?"
"That's too soon!"
"No it's not."
"But I want a summer."
"We can travel."
Air and more semen gurgled out of me. So embarrassing.
"Am I going to stay at my place tonight?" I asked, holding my arms around him.
"You can't stay at mine. You know that. Anyway, I think your cunt is done for the night, don't you?"
"Please. I want to be held. Don't make me go home. I'll let you fuck me still, I promise."
"Are you sure? It will hurt."
"Can we take some of that gel?"
"Sure," Hugh nodded. "But you have to be gone before Tracy is back. You know that."
"Of course! Thank you!" I beamed, kissing his mouth gratefully.
——————
"You spent the night there?" Shirley frowned, aghast at us breaking our most important rule, but delighted I'd been taken to bed.
"He said I had the best body he's ever fucked," I giggled like a school kid, though the pain of having to open my legs again back at his place was still tingling between my legs.
"Lovely. Charming. Did you get dinner and a show, or just turn up and put out?"
"Hey. Don't be rude. We had the party that we bought those clothes for."
"Ooh. And? Was that skirt too daring?"
"The lights were so bright. You could see all of me below the waist."
"Was it that see-through?"
"Like it wasn't there..."
"Hugh didn't get upset?"
"He loved it," I sighed. If I ever wanted to make him jealous, I'm now sure how I would do it.
"So who was there, what was it like?"
"No one I knew. Fancy."
"That's it?"
I shrugged in reply.
"And you got caught in the morning by his daughter?" she teased me.
"That was a tough moment. The mother looking after her had a key. Hugh was in the shower. I was going to go in with him but I was so sore. I worried it would hurt too much to be fucked again. We'd been in there the night before for ages when we got home. You've done it right? Amazing. Up on tippy-toes, face on the tiles, hot water pouring over, cock..."
"Okay. Enough details. The daughter?"
"I had my eyes closed. On my back. No sheets. Just lying there with my legs open to help the heat get out. She says 'Miss Wu?'"
"That poor thing."
"There's no sheets on the bed at all. I just sat calmly and said I'm waiting my turn for the shower."
"She didn't ask why you were naked?"
I shook my head. "All she said was I better not let Daddy see me naked. She got me her mums robe and said I should wait until I was in the bathroom before I took my clothes off."
"Wooo. That's...wow."
"I took her outside. We decided to wait in the kitchen. Except the mother looking after her was there waiting for Hugh."
"How did she take it?"
"Carefully. Little Tracy was there, so she couldn't say a lot. The look was pure evil. When Hugh came out in just jeans, I went back and sat against the bedroom door until she'd gone."
What I didn't tell Shirley is I couldn't get dressed. When you come out the bottom of the mansion, your car is down there but your clothes are not.
"Where are they?" I had asked.
Hugh told me they were donated to a charity bin. Even the shoes. You had to go home the way you finished up.
"Which is also part of the reason you're not permitted to lose you're top as you go through," Hugh said, putting me in the car without my pants or shoes.
"I'll get sperm on your seat. It's still coming out."
Not the first time that's happened, he didn't dare tell me.
"You'll be fine," was all he said.
As it happens my jumper went into the backseat with my cardigan and jacket anyway. Hugh said he only takes blowjobs from naked women. Who knows how true that is, but either way I was in his room with no clothes. Eventually he came and gave me a choice of his wife's clothes. I refused to wear the underwear, of course. That was a mistake. Outside was a windy day, the skirt I chose would not stay down. If I hadn't already shown my pussy to scores of men the evening before, I would have been mortified. But as Hugh said, "What does it matter now a few more see?"
I sighed and stopped fighting the wind. He had a point. No reason to pretend. The barriers to public consumption of my body had crumbled away. Did it matter how many guys there were?
I continued to fill in Shirley on my weekend, skipping any reference to the party, my public exhibition or that I had been gang-fucked. Shirley helped take me to the doctor to take a morning-after pill, and also to get me quickly on birth control.
"You don't want an old man's baby, they come out all wrinkly," she said seriously. I couldn't tell if she was joking.
"He's only 42," I defended.
"Double your age. Fuck. Good for him, huh?"
—————-
"Tracy, this is your new tutor, her name is Miss Watson," Hugh said as I watched on. We'd prepped the young girl as best we could. Every year you get a new teacher, I'd told her. Tracy had turned 8, so she goes 'up a level'. It made just enough sense. I would still come by to see how she was.
Hugh hired a live-in carer so he could work when required, and keep our sex out of his house. And mine. You should have heard my mother when she caught us late one night on our sofa. I was sitting on his lap with my skirt turned up, letting him know too loudly how much I adored his cock. That was a spectacular mistake!
As was letting Hugh talk me into going to the nearby nude beach. I ran in to an old English teacher, chatting away about how my old school was going while ogling my pussy in a way that even Hugh said was a bit much.
"I should never have let you laser me. Not all of it."
"Hey, if you're going to be the sort of girl who shows her cunt to people as easy as you do, then show your cunt properly. Don't hide it away behind hair."
I had so little hair naturally, I couldn't see the point. Anyway, I was now permanently hairless, much to the delight of Mr. Staring Bastard Ex-High-School-Teacher.
I was less anxious when we went overseas to visit the beaches of France. The nudity there was all-day-every-day but we were so far from home there was zero chance of being recognized. I could relax. The sex clubs we went to all used condoms, which I liked. Whenever Hugh organized guys to take turns on me, I felt safer they all fucked me with condoms. That never happened at the no-pants parties Above. We kept going to them. Every five weeks. Only skipping when it was my period. It was difficult not to talk about it with Shirley. Hugh had to explain to me a number of times the impact of breaking an NDA.
"If she wants to know, she'll need to come."
I couldn't do it to her. Look at me. I was basically asexual and I'd turned into a gang-banging exhibitionist. Shirley was that already; she would go riot.
"You don't wanna have to have sex with her again," Hugh guessed.
"I should never have told you about that," I sighed. But yes, there was that, too. Women had to give their cunt to whoever requested, male and female. Only two women at the parties had ever asked me. Hugh was surprised that I didn't freak out, that I let those girls put my hand between their legs and push in. So I told him about what Shirley had done to me in the change-room. He laughed and had been teasing me ever since.
Hugh's commitment for us to finish on Valentine's Day wavered. He was away for work on the day and couldn't just not see me again when he got back. We drifted through the year uncertain of our relationship's life expectancy. When I was working to help Tracy, we felt for each other but held back. Nothing had really changed. It was true that he would probably die decades before me, there was no proper life to be had together. So, we both restrained from truly deeply falling into each other beyond the point of return. Except for the sex. I gave everything I had when it came to opening my legs. We experimented with gusto. Every idea he had I would do. For my body, it was 'the year of yes'. We spent our time in hotels, in the back of his car, away on trips, at local and global nude beaches. We found sex clubs wherever we could. Hugh got seriously off watching guys climb on and off me, trails of semen left behind them. I didn't want to raise it, but I began to feel his wife may not be all to blame for her leaving. He probably did the same with her, right?
—————
The New Year's no-pants party in Mid-January was spectacular. It was remarkable how warm they were able to keep the Mansion. And it seemed more and more people from around the world were visiting the party. Arriving on the top floor, I was wearing a sheer white crop-top, for all intent I was naked. I was set upon by guests. The first three guys that came in me didn't speak English. The frail old Chinese guy kept talking what I guessed was Mandarin.
"Just because I look half-Chinese doesn't mean I speak it," I tried to say. He talked and talked anyway as I sat on his lap and ground his old erection into me.
At the beginning of our relationship Hugh used to stay near me to make sure I was okay, but as I got used to the parties, he left me alone. There wasn't much time spent uncoupled anyway. Most times when a guy was in me, at least one was standing nearby waiting his turn. Getting from the top floor down two levels to the exit was near impossible. It took all party just to get close to leaving most times.
"You're much bigger than before," the chubby British guy said as he lay me back on the bar sofa and rolled his cock around my insides. "Like fucking a bucket. You used to be tight."
"We did this before?" I couldn't help but ask.
"Several times," he grinned below his mask.
"Oh. Sorry. I don't...remember."
"I do," he laughed. "And you now have a cave between your legs. Not like before."
"I'm sorry. I've been fucked a lot."
"No kidding."
"I'm so sorry," I found myself apologizing.
The guy came in me anyway, then climbed off and out. For a brief period, I was alone. I took advantage. I took my untouched whisky and moved to the furthest sofa, facing away from the crowd for a moment's respite. I sat on the edge of the seat. The leather was cold until your body warmed it, and I wanted to squeeze the sperm from me. Half a dozen guys had all cum in my cunt, it was the first chance I'd had to drain it out of me. I put some tissues on the marble floor and squeezed. White drips fell, followed by a big long stream, then drips again.
"Elegant," I heard a voice behind me. It was said with a smile, and a local accent. I turned red under my mask.
"Oh god. I'm so sorry," I said genuinely. "I haven't had much of a break. I just wanted to...take a chance to drain out."
"Fair enough," the guy said, walking around to sit next to me on the leather couch. "It's okay. Don't stop. I understand completely."
The last of it was coming slow; I took a tissue from the box and held it at myself. Something about the guy made me feel embarrassed to be nude. Even with pants off, there was something decent about how he carried himself. He didn't look like he was after my cunt. Maybe because it was filthily full of so many men already?
"I'm so sorry about this," I said, reaching down to pick the tissue from the floor. It was soaked and fell to pieces, I had to get more tissue to clean the floor properly. "You mustn't think much of me."
"Why?" the guy smiled.
"I don't even know who most of this belongs to," I sighed, holding up the soggy mess. "Half this sperm doesn't even speak English."
That made him laugh.
"Yes. You've come a long way since your first night."
"Oh no, you were there too?"
"I was."
"Did we...umm...have we done it?"
He laughed again. "No, not yet!"
Oh. I went red. Not yet? If he was interested in my pussy, he wasn't doing anything about it.
"I've been waiting," he said.
"Waiting for what?" I asked lightly as I reached over to put the tissues in a small can.
"For all those old men to crawl off you."
"I know. I seem to attract guys in their forties. Or more."
"Look around. That's all that's here."
"I guess. Except you."
The guy looked early twenties from the body and his half mask. He nodded. I waited for him to explain himself.
"I live nearby. I went to school with the son of this family."
"I don't even know which ones own this place. All the masks."
"Can I ask, are you dating Hugh? Officially?"
I wasn't expecting that.
"Ah...."
"I know you're fucking him, but is it a thing? Are you together-together?"
It was such a left-field question. I didn't know what to say. I'm not sure I even knew the answer.
"I don't know. Not really. I guess. Why?"
"I'd like to ask you out for dinner."
"Wow," I said, embarrassed. "That's quick."
"Not really. I've seen you squeeze cum from your vagina onto the floor. Dinner seems a few steps back from that."
"Yes. I suppose you're right."
"Will you let me buy you dinner?"
"Maybe. When?"
"Tonight. Now."
"Now?" I laughed. "I don't even know you!"
"Would it help if I fucked you first?" the guy asked, teasing me.
I nodded. He had his point.
"You know I'm safe," he added. "They have everyone's record."
"Who does?"
"The Mansion. All the men here have their background vetted."
"Really?"
"All of them. Ask Hugh."
"Who should I say told me?"
"Me!"
"Okay," I said slowly. "And you are...?"
"The guy asking you to dinner," he grinned below his mask. "Shall we?"
"I can't leave."
"Why not?"
"I came with Hugh."
"Okay. Fair enough. Let's go ask him if he minds."
"Are you serious?"
"Absolutely."
"Where would we even go?"
"Sowerby's. Or Freddy Blake."
"What are they?"
"Late night steak houses."
"I don't have any pants. Or shoes."
"Can give you a shirt, it will be long enough. I'll tip the guys to keep those heels."
"Hugh won't be happy."
"Let's ask."
————-
Speaking with Hugh was strangely anticlimactic. He could sense it was time. He wasn't relieved, but he was happy I'd found someone to investigate.
"Jimmy Junior is a good kid," he told both of us.
"James," my potential new man insisted, an ongoing battle.
"James," I repeated, taking his side. At least I knew his name now. Half of it.
Hugh politely said goodnight and went back to his conversations.
James took my hand and led me as best he could through the minefield between us and the exit. I got caught twice. James could only watch as two guys spit-roast me on the second floor and another one, an old Italian guy, ambushed me only yards from the ground floor exit. That creepy guy took forever, pawing me and getting me to say filthy things about loving his cock. I seriously had to ask him to hurry up and cum.
"I'll get that guy's gunk on your seat," I worried when we finally made it to James' car. He ran back inside and stole a box of tissues. I held a handful at my pussy as we got in and moved off.
"So. Masks off?" he asked.
"You can't drive wearing that?" I teased.
"Only when I rob the drive-thru. Come on. Do it together?"
"You want to see my private place?"
"I do. Take it off baby, show me what you got."
"You show yours first. Then I'll show you mine."
"Okay. But don't you chicken out after."
James took off his mask and ruffled his hair. Holy shit. Just looking at his gorgeous face made me want to suck his cock. Super, super handsome.
"It's okay," I shrugged nonchalantly.
"Come on. Let's have a look. What you got under there?"
"It's only our first date! Isn't my cunt enough?" I asked, turning toward him and parting my thighs.
"Come on! Every man and his dog have been up there. Give me something special. Take it off baby. Come on. Show us what you got under there."
Okay, the joke had run far enough. I pulled off my mask and shook my head and hair.
"Hi. My name is James. You are beautiful, dear stranger. Amazing."
"Surprised I'm Asian?"
"I thought you might be. Your body is kind of small and tight."
"Have you been with an Asian girl before?"
"No."
I turned and sat straight in the seat again as James began driving.
"What is this car? It's huge."
"Range Rover."
"I don't think I could drive anything this big."
"You can try later."
"How do we get clothes?"
"I've got spares in the back."
"Girls clothes?"
"There's a shirt you can wear."
Having been to so many nude beaches and sex clubs, showing my body no longer embarrassed me - but I didn't like making people around me feel uncomfortable. There was a time we were at a water park and Hugh bought me a sheer-when-wet bikini. There were so many kids around, I felt super ashamed of my appearance.
Reading my mood, James said, "One of them is black. You'll be covered, no one will see."
"Okay, thanks."
——————
Freddy Blake is an amazing place. It had an outdoor feel to it, like a glasshouse. Same as the mansion, it was toasty warm inside. Luckily. I was wearing a big black shirt. Nothing else. James and I sat across from each other.
"Do you even know my name?"
"Of course. Wendy."
"Wendy what?"
"I thought it would be impolite to ask such a personal question until we know each other better."
"You think you're funny, don't you?" I smiled.
"I don't," he deadpanned. "But others might."
It was a strange situation to find myself in. I was naked but for a shirt and borrowed heels, in an expensive cafe up Above with a stranger that I'd walked out on Hugh for. It's not how I expected the night would go.
"Why are we here?" I asked.
"It's near. It's open. Warm. Food's good."
"No, I mean why here with me? If you know I'm with Hugh, that I'm from the party...you know I've been fucked by a hundred guys...why are you interested in me?"
"You think you're a slut?"
"I know I'm a slut."
"Okay. You're a slut. Does that mean I shouldn't be attracted to you?"
"Attracted to how easy it is to get laid with me?"
James shrugged.
"Have I tried to get in you?"
"No," I had to admit. "Why not?"
James was polite enough to think a moment before answering.
"I want to fuck you for more than just a moment, and not with some other guy waiting in queue. I want all night. All the next day. Then take you to a movie."
I sat back. Was he talking about regular life dating? I'd forgotten that world existed.
"No more parties like tonight? Just you?"
James shrugged.
"I know you've had a lot of cock. You're not going to stop cold-turkey, right?"
"I don't know," I grinned. "If you give me lots of cock instead, I could try?"
"You're teasing me..."
"Maybe. Maybe not. I'd never planned to be passed around so much. If you fucked me for an hour, I'd prefer that to ten guys doing five minutes each."
"Really? Isn't that part of the thrill? Cock after cock. All cumming in you, one crawling off, next one crawling on. Isn't that the fun of it?"
"I guess," I admitted. "It's interesting to have guys waiting in line. Interesting that guys would want to do it with me so badly to line up. And then come inside when some other guy's just left his mess in there. It's not normal, is it?"
"No," James assured me. "So, if you did want to become normal again, you'll probably have withdrawals along the way."
"Gangbang withdrawals?" I laughed.
"Exactly."
"Where do you live?" I asked.
"You wanna see it?"
"I'm guessing I'm spending the night there, right?"
"Yes."
"I hope you've got gel," I said honestly. "I feel a bit sore already."
"We'll get some," he grinned.
—————
I'd like to say it felt like old times to spend the night naked with someone my own age, kissing and fucking in his big beautiful bed. But my life before Hugh hadn't been like that. Back when I had been with boyfriends my age, my sexuality was still buried. Not like now. Now I wanted it. Craved it. Actively sought it out.
"You are a participative sex partner," James grinned as he recounted the night before at the breakfast bar in his kitchen.
"You think I'm a slut."
"For having so many suggestions? No, that doesn't make you a slut. Carrying ten guys sperm in you right now does, but not that. I like that."
I stood and walked around the open apartment. Morning sun poured in. I opened the sliding door. The balcony was wide and relatively private. Only a few other apartments were a chance to see me walk naked out to the railing. In the morning light, the town looked beautiful from Above.
"I thought there were only houses up Above. Not apartments," I said as James came and held me from behind, gripping my breasts. I took one hand and made him put it between my legs.
"I like being fingered," I told him. James politely obliged.
"This is the only apartment block up here. My family live on the other side of the hill. I wanted to move out. No way could I live in a whole house by myself. Not up here anyway."
"I like it here, it's a nice place to live...ooh, that feels good."
"You want more fingers?"
"Please," I moaned, opening my stance to help take them.
"You're not sore?"
"Not at all," I purred, leaning back into him.
"You want cock?"
"Fingers. A little bit longer. Please. It feels nice."
"You wanna cum?"
"Can you?" I asked, hoping he could. "Please. If you can. I want to."
The mix of the fresh air, the morning sun, the kisses at my neck, the squeezing at my breast and the multiple digits all wriggling inside me sent me over the edge. I screamed as I shook. A huge, long, drawn out orgasmic scream that would be heard all the way down the mountain. If anyone could see, they would have come running to watch from their window.
Then I fell limp in James' arms.
"Now you want cock?" he asked.
"Yes please."
—————
"So...," Shirley clarified, "you walked out on Hugh and spent the weekend fucking James?"
"Correct."
"Who is the son of some rich bastard and he lives up Above too?"
"In his own place, though. Just an apartment."
"Which he paid for with his trust fund."
"I don't know. Probably."
"Meanwhile," Shirley continued, "You never once call your mom so she sends the police to Hugh's place to look for you?"
"He was pretty pissed."
"So he fucking should be. How could you stay out from Friday night to Sunday night and not call?"
I sighed.
"You know what she's like. Only a home phone. Can't call in the middle of the night. Goes out during the day."
"She didn't call you?"
"Didn't bring my phone with me." Anything that you take into a no-pants party got left there. If you brought your phone it would be donated to charity along with your pants and shoes. Only car-keys could be left with the valet.
"Well, then drop by home? Leave a note?"
"I was...busy."
Shirley laughed.
"You didn't go out at all?"
"Neither of us wanted to get dressed."
"What's his cock like?"
"Acceptable."
"That's it?"
"Well, come on. After that black guy in France, nothing really does the same, right?"
"I still shudder when I think of that video. I don't think I could have done it."
"Done what?"
"The whole thing. All of it. Where did it all go?"
"That was the last night. He'd sized me by then. The first few nights were tough."
"I can't believe Hugh just watched. Doesn't he get jealous?"
"He wanted me to have a life experience."
"Tick! Unholy massive cock box is well and truly checked off."
"And the lesbian sex box," I teased her.
"I'm so sorry about that," Shirley said genuinely. "I just couldn't stop myself."
"Hey. It was a long time ago."
"So why bring it up now suddenly?" Shirley looked at me suspiciously. "You have interest to do it again?"
"Why? Do you still want to?"
"Of course. Your body is amazing. I'd love to take our time and do it properly."
I went red in embarrassment. In the back of my mind I was thinking of James. I'm sure he'd love to be in bed for a weekend with two girls.
"You still take cock as well, right?" I checked.
"Of course!"
"Well, maybe one day I'll do you a deal. You can sleep with me if you give it to Janes as well."
Shirley grinned.
"Sold."
—————
Kissing madly, I sat up top and guided the cock to my pussy. Insertion was seamless.
"You're so fucking wet."
"That's what happens when I sit on your face for that long."
I smiled and kissed him as both of us thrust up and down.
"Does James know?"
I shook my head.
"Well, he doesn't need to. Will he take you to the Mansion parties anymore?"
"I don't know. I think we'll skip the next one. See what happens after that."
"Probably a good thing. Your cunt is the size of a bucket still. I can hardly feel the sides. Does James mind?"
"Oh, you rotter, you're the second guy that said that recently! I know. It's embarrassing. And it's your fault. You made me do that guy in France."
"That was amazing," Hugh conceded. "I still can't believe all of that got in you. It took a lot of trying, hey."
"Hours. Then three nights after being fucked by it. Then weeks with that massive dildo. Your fault."
"We were resizing you. If we didn't follow up with a dildo the same size, you might have shrunk back down."
"Now I wish I did."
"I still have it if you want."
"Have what? That huge dildo?"
"Yep."
"Here? With you?"
"Yep. You wanna use it?"
"Fuck, Hugh. What made you bring that?"
"Do you wanna use it?" he asked again.
"Do you have gel?"
He nodded.
"Fuck, Hugh," I sighed. "Yes. Can I? Do you mind?"
"After I've finished, though. You'll be too sore after that thing."
"How am I ever going to stop fucking you?"
"Well, you'll have to. This is it. We agreed."
"I know. But everything I am is because of you. You turned my switch on. I'm not sure I'll still be like this if you're not around."
"You worried you'll become a prude again?"
"Maybe. I don't know how you got me to like cock so much, so I won't know how to start again if it goes back."
Hugh laughed.
"Believe me. It's a one-way journey."
"What does that mean?"
"No girl ever learned to love cock then unlove it. Bigger, better, more is the usual path."
"Can't be forever."
"You'll get another twenty years out of it yet."
Twenty years more of fucking guys. It sent a shiver down my back. I'd been doing it five, and only one properly. Twenty years of bigger-better-more sounded daunting.
I sat up and twisted my hips on the erection inside me.
"I'll miss these tits," Hugh nodded. "Best I've had hold of."
"No way!"
"Come on. Look at you, bouncing away on cock and they hardly move."
"That's because they're small."
"Bullshit. And you know it. Biggest tits I've seen on an Asian chic."
"Okay, okay, I'm glad you like them. Okay?"
"Fine. But you've stopped fucking. Come on. Meant to be a memory to last."
I don't know where it came from, but suddenly that comment made me burst into tears. I lay down and let him hug me as I sobbed. I couldn't remember ever crying so much and having a cock up me at the same time. Hugh was great, holding me and keeping himself pushed up inside.
"I don't ever want you out of me," I sobbed, pushing him hard inside and holding.
"I know. I know."
But choices had been made. If I was to have any chance with James, I was going to have to stop having nights in hotels like this with Hugh. I'm sure there would be other guys I could fuck behind James' back, but not Hugh. With Hugh the sex was spiritual. It shook me. It would be difficult to love another if I didn't leave Hugh's bed. It had to stop, we agreed. I'd not carry his sperm again even if we both happened to be at a no-pants party. I wasn't sure James had plans to take me there again, anyway.
"Tell me about your first fuck," Hugh said out of the blue. I sat up with tears in my eyes still. My cunt may be big, but I felt full from the erection in me.
"My first fuck?"
"We never talked about it."
"You never asked."
"Tonight's my last chance, right?"
"We can still talk after this," I frowned.
"Not about that. If we were at a dinner party, I doubt you'd spill the details of how you lost your virginity. That's a conversation for being naked in bed with cock up you."
"Wow, what a coincidence," I smiled through tears, "that's the exact predicament I find myself now."
"Let's take advantage."
"Why you wanna hear about that?"
"I'm curious. Come on. How did you get your first cock?"
"I think I've blocked it."
"No you haven't. Come on, tell me."
"You're completely hard!" I giggled over drying tears, feeling Hugh twitch inside.
"Tell me."
"Oh god. I was in school still."
"Eighteen?"
"Of course. Don't be silly. I wouldn't tell you about it if I wasn't, I would be censored."
"Yes, I forgot, people under eighteen never fuck each other."
"Exactly."
"So...come on. Who? What happened?"
"I had a boyfriend for years."
"Really? I didn't think you were the sort to chase boys at high school."
"Boyfriend is a loose term. It's just a status online, right? You have to have one, like a star sign. School dance date. You know? Matt his name was. We literally didn't touch, not properly."
"But you did touch," Hugh grinned. "Obviously."
I sighed.
"It wasn't him. It was his best friend."
Hugh burst out laughing.
"Oh my god! This story must be great!"
"Don't laugh. I'm not telling if you laugh at me. It was a very difficult time for me. I felt completely rotten."
"Okay, Okay. I'll try!"
"You realize that almost every conversation we had this year is with your cock in me? We used to sit around with clothes on and talk for hours. Now it's always naked with your cock in me."
"And that's bad...why? Sounds like a massive upgrade to me. Stop avoiding the topic. Tell me about your fuck."
I sighed.
"We went to a party. His older cousin's 21st. It's his family, they know my family, so I was usually allowed to stay overnight whenever we went out there."
"Out where?"
"Grayport."
"Shit. Hicksville."
"You wanna hear this or not?"
"Sorry. Go on."
"They live on a farmhouse. There's old shearing quarters that are now a big party room and guest house."
"You got drunk at the party?"
"Not the party. The night before the party. Four of us went up Friday afternoon. Matt. His buddy Eric and Eric's new girlfriend that I didn't know. Margaret. Her and I sat in the back. She got us started drinking."
"What was she like?" Hugh grinned.
I shook my head.
"You. You just wanna check out the girls, right? Margaret was a complete babe."
"You're making that up."
"I'm not. She was actually a honey. Reminded me of Gigi Hadid. You know her? No? Well, you can look her up after. Sexy as hell. Loved drinking. Made the mood, you know."
"Perfect foil for you being all shy."
"Exactly."
"But you fucked her boyfriend?"
"There were two big double beds in one of the shearing shed rooms. Matt and I had spent the night like that before with other couples, his cousins or their friends and stuff. Everyone is dressed. Everyone behaves themselves. It's like camping out. Hugging. Little bit of kissing. Sleep."
"You really were a prude."
"But Margaret was not used to anything so 'juvenile'. She thinks it's weird in a fun way. Said if we're wearing flannel pajamas and not being naughty, then who cares which bed she stays in. She got in with Matt. It was kind of a joke. I got in with that Eric guy, but I didn't expect it to stick like it did. Margaret genuinely passed out drunk and slept. So, Eric and me in one bed and Matt and Sleeping Beauty in the other bed just stayed there."
"And he fucked you?"
I nodded.
"How? Your boyfriend is right there!"
"I know. For a long time those two are talking across us, I was on the inside, on my side facing that other bed. It was all boy stuff. Fishing heroics. Football. I had my eyes closed. Under the covers Eric snuck his hand down the back of my pajama pants onto my ass."
"You didn't do anything?"
"I was scared. Matt would be completely pissed off. I pretended I was asleep."
"You just let him do it?"
"I did," I sighed. "But I didn't expect he'd go any further. For a while it was just that. Just held and rubbed my ass, me praying Matt couldn't tell. When he stopped, I thought maybe it was over? But it wasn't. He moved himself. Got his hand over me. Super slow opened my buttons on my top. It was such a mess. I was afraid to move. If Matt knew what was happening it would be a disaster, the whole weekend would have been messed up. I didn't want to move. I tried to actually sleep not just pretend. Couldn't do it. He got my top open then touched. He was trying not to get caught, moving super slow. It was a weird moment. His hand started on my waist and took five minutes to creep upward without Matt noticing under the covers. We both knew where his hand was going but it took so long, it was like having an accident in slow motion. When his finger touched my breasts, I almost lost it. My head was spinning. For the first few minutes he was all light touch, circling, getting my nipple hard. But then he gripped and squeezed. I could feel his cock pushed at the back."
"So what were you thinking? Thrilling? Awful?"
"Terrified. I had no idea what to do. I felt trapped. With my top undone it was past getting out of his bed, I should have done that already. Then that Margaret wakes up and bitches about the bright light. Matt leaned over and turned it off. There's just a tiny light left from the verandah out the windows. Eric pushed me to my back, put his head under the covers and sucked my breasts. Matt would have heard any sort of noise; I was afraid to even breathe. I tried for ages to stop him from pulling my pajama pants down and off but the rustling was too much. One he got my bottoms off, I was shaking. Matt was just there. It was madness. If we got caught, I couldn't imagine what would happen. It was so, so bad. He tried to get me wet with his finger but I was too stressed. He got his own pants off and tried to get me to grip and tug his cock. I wouldn't do it, not for as long as he wanted. When I look back, that was a big mistake. If I'd got him to cum by pulling him off, I could have finished earlier. Then Matt starts snoring and so Eric got bold. Sucked my breast and fingering me at the same time. I was whispering for him to stop but he didn't care. He got me wet. I could hear the noise from my cunt. I begged him to do it quietly."
"Quietly? You'd given up trying to stop?"
"I thought that was it. He seemed happy enough. My breast was in his mouth. I opened my legs up to let him finger me properly. He did it like that for so long I thought it was enough."
"But it wasn't."
"No. He pushed me onto my side again, facing away. He pulled my pajama top off one arm so I could feel his skin on me from behind. His boner was burning hot. Then he lifted my leg and started fingering me again from behind. He was kissing my neck and ear and fingering me for so long it took me by surprise when he moved his cock there instead. He was holding himself, pushing it through my slit to get wet. Then he whispers he'd always wanted to fuck me. Said he'd wished he'd known earlier how easy it was to get into my pants. That if he'd known I was such a cheating slut he would have had his cock in me ten times already. Oh god, it took so long to get it all in there. I didn't want to tell him it was my first and he was too naive to know, just thought I was tight. Because we had to be quiet, he couldn't really fuck normally, just slowly pull in and out. That was good, made it not so painful. But it also made it long. I feel like he was up there an hour. It's hard to tell in the dark. The whole time he was behind me. I think he thought I was so tight that if he pulled out, he may not get back in again."
"He came in you?"
"He took my hand, pulled out then came in my palm."
"Wow. That must have been interesting."
"Then he got me to rub it all over my breasts."
"Wow."
"I know. It was a weird end to a weird night. Eric turned me over toward him. He took the pajama top completely off and I half lay on him, naked, kissing. He held my ass and thanked me for being an easy lay."
"Well, he would think that, right?"
"I guess."
"So what happened?"
"When I woke up the covers are half off and I'm in bed still with Eric, completely naked. I look around and those other two were gone. I prayed the bedsheets were still up and on me when they woke up. Me moving woke Eric. Being alone he took the chance to use his morning wood on me, face to face this time. I thought it would hurt like hell but it was surprisingly easy the second time. It was weird being kissed on the mouth by him for so long, let alone being fucked in the cunt. I didn't really know what sex was meant to be like, but I guessed he must be good at it. He could do it for a really long time before cumming. On my breasts directly that time."
"Did you get caught?"
"Half. After Eric crawled off me, that Margaret girl came in. She said she woke earlier and saw my tits out, pajama on the floor so she covered me and hid my top away. Then she pulled my Matt out of the room. Apparently, he didn't wanna go without me so she said she would let him watch her take a shower if he'd get her breakfast and coffee ready."
"That would have worked!"
"It did. Guys are hopeless. I had a T-shirt and skirt in the room so she stood guard til I got dressed."
"She didn't care you fucked her man?"
"Not the type."
"So you walked back to your boyfriend like nothing happened."
"I did."
"You little minx."
"Hey. It wasn't my fault. It was just bad circumstance."
"He had no idea."
I shook my head. "No. Poor guy got me alone before I showered, pulled my top up and sucked my breasts."
"Oh no."
"I know. I'm covered in dry sperm from his buddy and he's sucking it off."
"Oh shit."
"I felt really bad."
"Did he ever find out?"
"Not that I know of."
"But you fucked him?"
"No never. He got drunk at the party that night and passed out. Eric took me to bed again."
"Shit, girl. What about that Margaret?"
"Sigh. We took turns."
"You had lesbian sex!"
"I did not! I am not lesbian. We took turns. We didn't touch each other once."
"Holy shit. She do a good job?"
"She was much more experienced than me. And on the pill. Every time he came, it was in her."
"So why never do Matt? He was your boyfriend."
"I don't know. I was never that interested in sex. Even at that party, it wasn't me that did it. So, he moved on. Bored."
"Little did he know how you'd turn out."
"Either did I. Not his fault. I don't think I would have been ready back then. You got me at the right time."
"Now James has."
"Yes, how lucky he is," I said sarcastically. "Me sitting in a hotel room fucking you."
"Speaking of which...fuck properly. Make me cum. Then we'll butcher you with that massive dildo."
"Do me one favor?" I asked.
"Sure. What?"
"If you're pushing that thing in me and I scream out to stop - don't. Get it in me. Once it's all in... I go to heaven. Make me do it. Even if I ask you to stop, don't stop. Promise?"
"Don't worry Wendy. When you go home tomorrow, your cunt will be the size of a laundry bucket."
"Thank you Hugh. You know I'll always love you."
"I know. I love you too. Now, fuck!"
—————
"James. I want you to know it's officially done. Hugh. We've promised we'll never fuck each other again. Even at a no-pants party."
"You had a goodbye one?"
"We did. That's why I was 'away' Thursday night."
"And it also explains why your cunt is a gaping hole tonight," he smiled.
"I know. I'm sorry. Hugh was pretty brutal. Some big things went in there."
"It's okay. I don't mind. I'm glad you are comfortable telling me."
"I have something that make it up to you though."
"Oh yeah?"
"My friend Shirley. She said she'd do a threesome with us."
"Oh really," he smiled. "How you planning to do that?"
"Here," I shrugged. "She has agreed to come over, undress and fuck us."
"Us?"
"Well, she already made me do it with her once. If she spends a weekend here with us, I'm sure she'll find a moment to make me do it again."
"You're okay being lesbian?"
"I'm not lesbian. But she's a friend. I know she likes it."
"Your pussy?"
"The whole thing. My entire participation."
"I'd like to see that."
"Which is why I said I have something to make it up to you. Shirley and I have never shared a guy before."
"Okay. You are forgiven."
————-
That weekend was the start of a long and fascinating three-way relationship, mouth-deep in sex. Virtually a de facto triple marriage. Controversial, too. Shirley and I became school teachers. Even in these progressive times alternate lifestyles are accepted among the families of students - but not teachers. We had to stay as anonymous as we could. The biggest impact is not making friends with colleagues. If they got too close, if they knew about the three-some we lived our life by, there would be outrage and concern over our influence on the children. It's senseless and unfounded; people fear what they don't understand.
And...it's a whole other chapter in my life. I'd love to tell you about it, if you're interested?