Hey, where's the light switch for the porch? I need a smoke...
I sighed over the vodka cranberry that I ordered from my hotel's bar. It had been such a stressful day and I'm just glad that after months of planning and coordinating with our clients, it was all finally done and over with. The boss might not be entirely happy; something about their team's lead not being fully on board because of one reason or another. He thinks it might cause a big hiccup down the line if we don't manage to get him to agree with our entire proposal. Right now? I don't care, I was ecstatic that we were just done with this shit.
Now, I just want to unwind and feel good tonight.
I took a sip of my drink and check my phone. I had gotten a text from my friend Cory who I asked to house sit for me while I was gone. The text was sent just a few minutes ago about my porch light and how he needs a smoke. I tap my phone to write up my reply when I see a familiar face walk in. Speak of the devil...it was the man my boss had mentioned. What were the chances he was staying at the same hotel as us?
Well, they're not my problem right now. I'm technically off the clock and I'm here to enjoy a drink or two before I go back to my room. Right now, I need to tell Cory which switch it was. I can't have him find that switch hiding behind the lamp by the hallway bathroom or else it'll trigger my other self.
I don't know how it all happened, but my other self only appears whenever that switch gets flipped. And whenever she's around I-
+++
I blink and I was sucking off someone's dick.
I quickly glanced around and realize I'm under someone's table hidden beneath the tablecloth. Fuck! The cock in my mouth was massive and already dripping in precum.Dammit! The switch to the porch light was the third switch on the first row on therightof the sliding glass door! What the hell was he doing flipping the switch all the way across the living room for?!
Well, no use getting angry about it when I have this to worry about. My other self got us in this stupid mess, and I'll have to suck my way out of it. Just like every other time she fucked her way into a situation that I have to fuck my way out of. I slide the cock in as far as it would let me and then I pull up and off with a gasp. God this guy was big! I go back down and lick the head before I take him in again. I bob my head up and down his length and I feel it already throbbing, he was so close to cumming. I quicken my pace, adding my tongue into the mix as I lick the underside of his cock every time I move up. I feel his cum bursting forth and I try to pull away to swallow it better. A hand reaches under the table and grabs my hair and holds me down.
Thisfucke-
+++
I blink and I'm getting fucked raw in an elevator.
I was looking out into the main lobby of my hotel; I could see every floor and every person walking in the foyer. If any one of them would just look up, they could see my face and my tits fully exposed and shoved against the lightly tinted glass of the elevator. I let out a dragged-out moan as the man fucking me rammed his cock so fucking deep in my cunt that I came.
He continues to fuck me through my orgasm and I'm mewling at the massive size of the dick thrusting in and out of me. Whoever this man was that my other self had found, she knew he was going to be a catch. Because...
"Ah!" I cried out as he quickened his thrusts, his cock was fucking my pussy hard and deep and I can feel another orgasm building already, "Fuck! Yes~!...right there!Harder!...Ahhh~ fuck me harder!"
"You gonna cum again, you fucking slut?" the man behind him growls, punctuating every word with a hard thrust into my cunt, "you're such a dirty whore...come on-! Take it! I'll ruin your slutty cunt by the end of the night!"
I scream out another orgasm as he fills my pussy with his hot cum.
"Yes!" I cried out, inwardly cursing my other self for putting me in this situation again, "Oh yes! Give me all your cum, sir! I want it all in my tight little pussy~!"
"That's right," The voice behind him grunts, making snappy and hard thrusts into my cunt, "take it all you slut- hng! You're nothing but my cum dumpster tonight. Gonna fill your pussy up so much..."
"Yes~! I'm your cu-!"
+++
I blinked and my eyes were covered in a blind fold.
"AH!" I cried out as I feel two cocks push inside my pussy at once, "Oh...! Oh god! My pussy...!"
What the hell did my other self do now?!
How long has it been since the man from the elevator?Fuck! I can't see with the blindfold on me. All my clothes were gone and I could feel cum dripping out of my pussy and my ass. I could even feel cum sticking all over my body. They had me on my hands and knees, I could feel fabric under my hands while these two fucked me between them. The one above me was spreading my asshole open with his thick fingers and spitting into it. The one underneath me was sucking on my tits and smacking them hard. I could feel bounce and sway with each smack. It was so much! The two men sandwiching me were fucking my pussy so open and good that I can't think straight! I'm so close to cumming again! My body already felt so used and my mind in a haze of pleasure that I'm left nothing but to moan like a whore. How many hours has it been? How many men did my other self fuck already?
Goddamit, that fucking bimbo!
"Ah~!" I cried out, feeling both men hit that spot deep in my pussyjust right, "Oh...my pussy...! Your cocks are so big! Ah-! It's so good...you're filling me up so much!"
"Yeah!" the man beneath me grunts as he thrusts up into me, "Come on you dirty cum slut...fucking take it!"
He cums in my pussy and stays there even as the other man continues to fuck me. This man had such a long cock and he pounded into me so ferociously.Ah...!He's hitting that spot over and over again! I can't take it, it feels so good...these men were fucking me so rough and good!
"Oh...!" I moaned like filthy slut, "So good! Please fuck me deeper! ...ah-! God yes!Fuck! Pound my dirty little pussy harder!"
"What a fucking whore!" he chortles as he fills my cunt with his cum, "You hearing this you guys? We've fucked her so many times already and she still wants more!"
My other self fucked so many men without me knowing, and I can't even tell with this blind fold. But fuck! This feels so good! My body's still craving to be fucked by all these men... I want them all to fuck me more!
"Yes!" I moaned, sounding every bit the cum hungry slut I wanted them to see, I wanted them to fuck me more! "Oh yes~! Fuck me more sir. Use me as your cum dumpster... empty all your cum in me~"
Cheers erupted from all around the room, and I feel several hands on me all at once. They pull me off the men that had just finished with me and I feel a new pair of cocks shoving their way into my ass and my cunt. I feel other mouths all over my body, with two different mouths suckling my tits and pulling my nipples with their teeth. I cry out another orgasm as both men finish in my cum filled holes at the same time.
They pass me to a much larger man, who picked me up full nelson and fucked my ass with his massive dick. I cried out in pleasure as he bounced me up and down his cock. He was fucking me so hard that can feel all the cum coming out of my gaping and well used pussy. The man fucking my ass stops and I feel callused fingers on my cunt. A different man was playing with my gaping cunt and I feel him push three fingers in and drag out all the cum inside my cunt. He twists his fingers inside me, dragging out all the cum and said they needed more space if they were going to fuck me more.
He then shoves his entire hand inside me. I moaned as I feel myself squeezing around him as he started fucking me with his fist.
"OH! So full!!" I cried out, I'm practically drooling from the overwhelming pleasure, "My pussy...oh god my pussy and my ass feels so full!"
"What a dirty fucking slut," the man fucking his ass grunts as he started to move again, "All she wants is to be passed around and get fucked like a dirty whore."
"Yes~" I moaned, cumming once again, "Oh god...I'm a dirty whore...I love it!"
"You guys hear that? This whore loves it!"
The man fisting me pulls out and I could hear it leave my cunt wet and sloppy. They put me down on the bed on all fours as the man behinds me finish with my ass. Another one replaces him and immediately rams his cock into my gaping pussy. Someone grabs me by the hair and hisses against my ear.
"Say it again slut, we wanna hear you say it."
"I love it!" I said, because I do. I love the way their cocks fucked my holes and treat me like a cum dumpster. I'm loving the painful pleasure these men were giving me, I love that I don't have to think and all I needed to do was take their cocks in my holes until they're satisfied, "I love it because I'm a fucking whore!"
"Say it again bitch!"
"I love it because I'm a dirty fucking whore!"
Cheers erupted all around me once again and they continued their rounds with me. Passing me around to fuck my cum filled pussy and asshole or to ask me to blow them or jerk them off. They fucked me with their fists and random objects around the room. It was all so much, but I loved every minute of it.
Yes! This was what my body wanted! Months of stress and panic from my job all gone with every dick that fucked my holes. God knows how many men were in this room, but I let them fuck me over and over...and it all felt so good! I was their cum dumpster and they filled me all the way till my pussy and my ass was flooded in cum. Just like how they liked and exactly what I wanted.
I guess I shouldn't be angry with Cory for the light switch or my other self for this.
++++
The next day. I came down from my hotel room to grab breakfast. It had been a shock to find out that my other self had invited all those men in my hotel room. Other than the things they fucked me with (multiple pens at the same time, tv remote, the handle of the blow dryer, and -to my horror- the phallic shaped end of my desk lamp!), none of them touched any of my personal things and nothing was missing, so there's that?
I see my boss at the waffle making booth. He looked more cheerful than he was after the end of our meeting yesterday. He sees me from the booth and happily waves me down. I shrugged and went to him, waffles, bacon, and everything in this fucking buffet sound very good after a long night of getting gang banged by an undisclosed number of men anyway.
"Izzy, good morning!" my boss greeted sincerely, he hands me the ladle for the waffle batter, "I just got word from our clients that they unanimously agreed to our proposal."
My brows shot up in surprise, "Really?" I said, "I thought you said they might be on the fence because of that team lead
"Well," he started, a confused expression falling briefly across his face, "They talked to me this morning about it. Turned out, he and his team had a long and hard discussion about it last night. They said, they had some help from a well respected undisclosed party to figure out some kinks, but in the end...they agreed!"
I try not to let my my confusion show until my boss turns away to gather up his waffle.An undisclosed party?I wonder who that would have been?
"Izzy!"
I hear my name being called out nearby and I scan the room. I notice our clients sitting as a group nearby. One of them was the man she recognized from the hotel bar last night. The team lead my boss had been worried about. Just like every man in that table, he was eyeing me with a giddy familiarity. My stomach drop, there was no way...
When they realized they caught my attention, each man raised a glass of juice or coffee in a fond greeting. Satisfied grins all plastered in their faces as they watched me prepare my breakfast. Every single one of them staring at my ass.
I laugh quietly to myself. Of course they would, they've all had their share of this ass, and my cunt. Along with every inch of my body last night.
I pass by their table on the way to get some bacon. There were twelve of them, all with a pleased gleam in their eyes as they saw me draw closer. I stop in front of the man, who I now realize was their team's lead. He greets me with a formal, but easy 'good morning' and I'm met with that familiar voice of the man who fucked me in the elevator and fisted my cunt. I greeted them with a professional 'good morning' and added.
"I'm happy to be teaming up with you guys," I said with a smile to match theirs, "If any or all of you need myhelp. You know how to reach me; I'd gladly be ofassistance."