It all started when I was chatting online. I was sat in my M&S matching underwear on my laptop and my flatmate Sarah had warned me to cover up as her boyfriend was coming over to watch the England match with us. We regularly walked around the flat naked or semi naked and openly shared the bathroom. I got to see her pert breasts and lovely ass every morning when she showered. I had the cleanest teeth in the country as I was in no rush to. We didn't put that much more on when we had guys over, maybe just a T shirt or vest top. I told the guys online and one suggested I should just put a T shirt on and remove my underwear. I had already been chatting about how I had caught the odd glimpse of Mark naked in Sarah's room and how I had even seen him wanking once through the crack in the door. I regularly masturbated to the sounds of them fucking in the room next to me too.
I loved the idea and promised to share the outcome in a story. Well here it is...
The T-shirt choice was easy. My England football shirt. I took my bra off and slipped out of my knickers and looked at myself in front of the mirror. I ran my hands over my breasts, my nipples hard already and down to my pussy. Just thinking about it had made me wet already and thinking about you all at home wanking over this is making me so horny now. My T-shirt only just covered my shaved pussy and hugged my bottom. When I reached up on my tip toes there was nothing left to the imagination. I grabbed a blanket and took my seat on the sofa in the lounge just as Sarah answered the door to Mark. Sarah walked to the kitchen and I stood up as Mark entered the lounge and gave him a big hug. He kissed me on both cheeks then I jumped back on the sofa and under my blanket. He must have seen my ass as he sat in the arm chair but he wasn't about to say anything.
Sarah sat next to me for the kick off but soon had to take a phone call in her bedroom. It was great timing as England scored prompting me to jump up and down and I could see Mark's eyes move from the TV to me, my legs, my pussy.
"That calls for a beer," I declared walking towards the kitchen. I could feel Mark's eyes on me as he stammered an agreement. I half closed the door of the lounge as I left but I could see Mark through the crack in the door and paused. I was right with my instinct as I watched him slip his hands in his tracksuit trousers and grab his cock. I quickly grabbed two beers and quietly crept to my spy position. Mark had his cock right out and was wanking it away furiously while keeping one eye on movement from the lounge door. Hmmm, I could fit my head round the door without moving the door. What would his reaction be?
"Crisps," I asked as I slipped my head round. Quickly I pushed the door open and threw him his beer. Even quicker he had managed to get his cock hidden unsure if I had seen anything just as Sarah walked back in the lounge. She took my beer so I made another trip to the kitchen. I had had a blanket over my knees while Sarah had been in the room so far ,so walking back in was going to be fun. I crossed the room in front of her and could feel Mark's eyes on me. Sarah flicked up the back of my T-shirt giving Mark and herself a proper look.
"Nice ass," she commented. "Don't you think Mark?" He was almost lost for words and mentioned something about watching a free kick. "I think I need to buy you some knickers for Christmas. Mark can choose them when we go shopping later."
Half time arrived without further incident and it was Mark's turn to get the beers. Sarah being Welsh and more into her Rugby decided she was going to get showered and changed and ready to go shopping after the match and slipped to her room. I kicked the blanket off and sat curled up on the sofa. My long smooth legs on show as Mark passed me a beer. We chatted about the first half, Mark only taking small glances at me even through the adverts.
Sarah walked through the lounge at kick off completely naked holding a fluffy dark pink towel against her chest.
"Nice ass," I commented. Sarah turned her head and smiled at me. "Don't you agree Mark?" He was quicker to agree this time and he was happy to stare at his girlfriends soft round butt.
"Mark's got a nice one too," Sarah teased. Using one hand to make him stand up. She turned him away from me and pulled his tracksuit down over his bum and I let out a big whoop as she gave him a little slap on his naked fine ass. He was a good sport and got Sarah back by grabbing her towel and throwing it to me. We could see her gorgeous, tanned body naked and she came at me for the towel. I threw it to Mark and him back to me before she grabbed me and we fell on the floor. I was on top of her with my T shirt riding high. My legs astride her naked body, my knees gripping round her and the towel now forgotten as I tickled her and made her giggle. "Help me Mark," she screamed.
"Two on one's not fair," he declared taking his seat and enjoying the show just as Sarah flipped me over, her breasts hanging right in front of my mouth. My T shirt was around my breasts and my pussy was fully on show for Mark. I could see him on the chair. His hand on his crotch. My hands were stuck so I reached my mouth up and gently bit Sarah's boob. She just gripped my wrists harder so I took her nipple in my mouth and sucked on it. Marks's hand moved inside his trousers and began to stroke his erection. Sarah let go of my wrists and I pushed her off and we rolled over so I had the upper hand. "I give in, I give in," she screamed as my tickling resumed. Out of breath I stopped, stood up and helped Sarah to her feet.
"What do you think you are doing?" Sarah smiled as she saw Mark jerking his cock in his tracksuit.
I moved up against Sarah's back and put my hands round her hips and ground myself into her butt. "He's just enjoying the show," I said. My hands moved up her tummy to her breasts and I kissed her neck. Mark took out his cock as I caressed Sarah's breasts with one hand and moved the other down her tummy towards her pussy. I was close to touching her public hair while Mark was pumping away when suddenly he shuddered and his cum spurted up all over his T shirt. "Looks like you needed that," Sarah exclaimed surprised he had shot so quickly. I knew the real reason why.
He slipped his cock away and Sarah took his hand and lead him into the bathroom for a shower, giving me a quick peck on the lips. "You need to brush your teeth?" she asked.