And so Monday came. I didn't know what to expect. Would the guys actually go through with it. What would I see when I got downstairs to make the breakfast? Five naked men, of five who had not had the nerve to do it?
When I got down to the kitchen, only Nick was there and he was naked. He had told me he had once spent a week at a naturist camp, so this wasn't completely new for him. Still, he must have been wondering the same thing as I had. Would the others come down naked or would he be the only one?
I started cooking the breakfast -- waffles -- treating Nick's nudity casually. The other guys came down one by one, cautiously. Matt was most comfortable, and Derek, but Desi and Bill were obviously uncomfortable. Bill was particularly embarrassed. He was very obviously already getting an erection. None of the other guys were, yet. Poor guy. He went to the table and sat down immediately hoping he hadn't been noticed, but of course he had been. I tried to maintain a completely casual appearance, like it was everyday they all came down naked. It was going to be a long and interesting day.
Things went OK at breakfast. Everyone was sitting at the table so their sensitive parts were hidden from view, mostly. Eventually, as everyone ate and as I tried to chatter away, everyone relaxed a bit and we had something of a conversation. It was Nick's turn to do clean up and he just grinned and asked me if it would break my rules for him to wear an apron while he was doing his chores. So I graciously gave him permission as long as he would take it off immediately after his chores. Then I turned to talk to the guys.
"I will set up my easel and drawing pencils in the living room. Desi. I'm going to draw you first. The rest of you guys do as you wish. It is 8 o'clock now, so at 10 o'clock I will be finished with Desi and ... let's see ... I think you should be the second model, Bill. Report for duty at ten. Otherwise you are all free to do as you wish."
Imagine spending the day with five naked men. A penis is a very obtrusive part of the body. It just stands out, no euphemism intended. The eyes are just drawn to a penis. Maybe that is only because I am a big fan of dicks, but I bet even in a nudist colony, at first at least, it is difficult not to look at the men's penises more than is polite. I like to watch the man's penis move when he walks. I guess that is the same as men liking to watch women's tits when they are walking or running. The way the forbidden body parts are able to swing about just makes them more fun to look at, like they are waving at you. Look at me, look at me, I'm free!
I got up and went in to the living room to set things up. I filled a pitcher of ice water and a glass for the day's work. The first question was, where should I pose Desi? What pose would be best? I wanted to pose them each in ways that was appropriate to them. I wasn't sure with Desi, so I decided to ask him. Nick and Matt had drifted off to their various priorities, but Bill and Derek stayed to watch. I had expected Derek to stay, from the way he talked about his adventures with other women. But I was surprised and pleased that Bill stayed to watch. Perhaps he was nervous and wanted to see what it would be like. His erection had flagged a little.
"How would you like me to pose you, Desi? I was thinking you might recline on the couch. Let's see, your head on the right side of the couch. Recline so that you can stretch out all the way if you want. Remember, this is a professional drawing. At least as professional as I can be. Though there is a subjective element to this as well, of course." I smiled at him and looked down at his penis. Very nice, as I already knew. He didn't say anything but just got into position. I helped him arrange his hands, arms and feet.
"Now look at me. Hold as still as possible, at least all the parts of your body that you can control. Don't worry about involuntary movement, if you know what I mean." I smiled at him. My intention was to do what Bobby had done to me in the class. Clearly Bobby obsessed about women's breasts and he had drawn mine in particular detail. I was going to draw the guys' cocks in great detail. An hour and a half is not enough time to do a complete sketch of a body, not and do it like it should be done, so I was going to focus on a part of their body that I had fond memories of, that I wanted to remember most vividly. In years to come I wanted to be able to take out these drawings and remember how much their dicks had meant to me, how much their dicks had done to me. And then I would touch my clit and just meditate on them. My harem.
And so I had artistic permission to stare at Desi's naked body and to stare at his dick especially. The way he was posed I did not get more than a glimpse of his balls; just enough that I could suggest them in the drawing. Desi did not have an erection fully, not yet anyway. When his penis was limp it was between two and three inches long, and the way he was posed it was falling slightly toward me,
So for an hour and a half I just fixed in my memory the way Desi looked, and especially the part of his body that had made love to me so many times now. I did have to time myself though. I would begin drawing Bill at ten and I wanted to have a half hour to keep the promise I had made to suck them off. I had not given Desi a blow job so far in our relationship, though I had taken him in my mouth for short times but usually he had fucked me. I wondered what he would taste like.
And so 9:30 came and I put what finishing touches I could on the drawing. I looked at Desi and raised my eyebrows so he would know what was coming. Then I just walked over to him keeping my eyes fixed on his cock. When he saw me start to come over to him, his dick sort of twitched in anticipation. I knelt down by the couch and just sucked him in. I was distantly aware that Bill and Derek were watching but really it was the penis in my mouth that was what I thought about.
I sucked him thoroughly. My tongue was everywhere on his dick. I licked his balls and sucked one of them into my mouth. But mostly I concentrated my tongue on the head of his dick. It was not long at all until I could tell he was close. His hands moved to the back of my head and he pressed his dick into my mouth. Not hard, but so that I had most of it inside me when he came. I felt the hot jet of his cum hit the back of my throat and then another and a third and my mouth was filling up while the last few ejaculations came out. I couldn't swallow the semen as fast as it was coming and some of it overflowed from my mouth. There was a good amount of his cum on his balls by the time he was through. Some was draining down my chin as well and I used my fingers to push it back into my mouth. Desi had his eyes closed and was breathing very hard.
And the taste of his semen? I can't describe it. I had tasted the semen of six different men, now. Desi's was my seventh taste. All men's cum tastes similar, of course. But also all men taste different. It is a subtle thing. If I were a poet I would write "Ode to Desi's Semen" or something like that but I can't describe how a man tastes, like some people describe fine wine. I only hope I get enough experience at sucking guys off that I can learn how to describe it. I will write a book. Under a pseudo-nym of course.
Derek and Bill both had substantial erections when I looked over at them. Desi got up slowly and took a kleenex from a box on a lamp table and cleaned himself off.
"OK, Bill. Your turn." Where to pose him? "Do you remember that statue of David, by Michaelangelo?"
"Yes."
"I'm going to pose you like that. Come stand at the end of the couch so the couch is to your right. Stand so you lean slightly toward the couch and just let your right arm fall relaxed by your side. Now bend your left arm up so you are just touching your neck. I am going to draw you as David."
Bill was totally embarrassed but he did it. The only difference between Bill and King David was that Bill had a pretty strong erection and his stomach was not very flat. "Are you sure you want me .... like this?"
"Yes. In an art class a model is not permitted to have an erection. One guy had to leave off modeling because he couldn't help himself. But I like it. I'd like to draw your erection. But if you can't keep it don't worry. Try just looking directly at me and fantasize about the blow job I'm going to give you. That will help." And it may have. I was amazed his dick could stay as hard as it did for that long. I was also amazed that he stayed to finish the posing. Perhaps he just really wanted that blow job. Perhaps he was just getting more confident.
I turned to the guys on the couch. "Derek, unless you want to be next would you go tell Nick to be here at noon."
"OK. Sure."
He did that errand quickly and came right back. He and Desi stayed to watch. Again, I had to do a quick sketch of all of Bill's body but I did particular detail of his penis and his erection. I did that first because I was pretty sure he couldn't keep the erection for an hour and a half without some direct stimulation. His penis, of course, being erect, looked different than Desi's penis had. It was about four inches long and very very stiff. It bent upward slightly. I think, except for being embarrassed, Bill was really enjoying this.
An hour and a half goes very quickly when you are drawing, when you are concentrating. Bill's penis was so beautiful. True, David's belly was very flat and idealized, and Bill's was fairly rounded out. Bill didn't have the muscles of the great king. But I wanted to be sure to draw him as he actually was. It is interesting that every penis looks unique. I wouldn't have thought there would be that much variation from man to man. I guess the same is true of women's breasts.
11:30 came before I expected, so focused was I, but I put on the finishing touches to the drawing and walked over to Bill and knelt down in front of him. I didn't suck in his dick immediately but just knelt there and stared at him. Then I began kissing his penis all over. I cupped his balls in my hands and kissed all the way down his dick and back up again. Then I took it in my mouth. Just like every penis looks different from every other penis, every penis feels different in the mouth than every other penis. Desi had not been circumcised but Bill was circumcised. Playing with Desi's foreskin had been a significant part of sucking him off. With Bill, it was just different. His dick was sensitive in different ways. And that is fun too. Adjusting your technique to the penis involved.
Bill was so ready that it didn't take me long to bring him to climax. And his ejactulations were not so rapid that I couldn't keep up with them. Every hot ejaculaton of cum that hit the back of my tongue I swallowed right down. It was glorious. I was thinking I could just live on cum. Who needs food? It was lunch time and I had no hunger for lunch. Because I had eaten so much cum? This day my diet was going to be semen. It is so hot, like the man had been cooking it up just for me -- and that is true. They had. And its texture -- I guess it is sort of gooey or slimy, but not in a bad way. There are a lot of regular foods that are much worse.
When I had finished sucking Bill dry I withdrew. He had cum fast enough that I had some extra time and I just knelt in front of him and watched his erection subside. I just love to look at cocks. Hard or soft.
When I looked over at Derek and Desi on the other couch, I saw that Derek was getting a little erection and that Desi looked ... I'm not sure how he looked. Dismayed? Sad? I wasn't sure. Desi left the room as Nick came down holding his snake. Bill decided to stay and I was glad of that.
Clearly Nick intended his snake to be part of the sketch. I looked at him quizzically.
"I was just remembering a picture I took at one point. It seemed like this drawing could be part of a set."
The very first time we had had sex Nick had draped his snake, George, around me and taken a picture of me naked. "OK, but I will have to put the snake in last I think because it will move too much. Unless you have him trained?"
"I'll just put him around approximately so you get a rough idea and then I will put him back in place when you are finishing the sketch."
"OK then." I decided to have Nick pose standing up also. "You can drape the snake any way you want as long as it doesn't hide anything important. This is not going to be an Adam-and-Eve-in-the-garden sketch."
"But you must admit that it will suggest a garden of Eden sort of scene."
"True, but in those pictures you always have to hide to good stuff." He just smiled and started looping the snake where he wanted it to go. He got it around his waist, just above his dick and then around his back and over his shoulder. The snakes head stretched past his shoulder as if it were looking directly at me, sort of like a second penis.
So I started drawing, realizing how short a time 90 minutes would be to make a good drawing. As usual I was concentrating on the penis. The snake didn't get in the way and it certainly was going to make for an interesting picture. Nick's penis was not erect, so it was just hanging there, perhaps a little longer than Desi's penis. Also uncircumcised. I went to work capturing his body for posterity. As I began I realized I hadn't sent anyone to fetch Matt for the two o'clock model, but just then he came into the room. He took a folding chair near the door and just raised his eyebrows when he saw the snake.
And the time flew by. Nick would make a natural nude model. He was entirely "comfortable in his skin" as they say. Maybe I should suggest he apply for a job, but he wouldn't do it. He didn't need the money and he would rather be in the woods or somewhere outside anyway. George had twined around in various positions of course, but when the time was almost up I told Nick to put him back where he wanted him. If he held approximately still for five minutes I would be done. And he did. And I was.
I put everything aside and walked over to Nick to fulfill my promise, with a somewhat bigger audience this time; only Desi wasn't there. Nick wasn't hard yet but I would soon make him hard. I knelt in front of him and began kissing his dick.
"You won't mind George, right? I wouldn't want anything to break your concentration."
"Nothing will break my concentration! The only "snake" I care about is the one right in front of my face." As I kept kissing his dick and licking him I felt him begin to stiffen. His penis just gradually became harder and harder. Sometimes they get harder in a sort of jerky motion, like they are tensing up, but his erection came on smoothly. Within a few minutes he was about as hard as he would get. I decided to take him by plunging my face around his dick, taking it all in my mouth for just a few seconds and then withdrawing, swishing my tongue around his dick as I withdrew. Over and over I pushed my face onto him. I expected him to take the back of my head and force me against him, but he didn't. He didn't touch me with his hands at all. He just let me take him all by myself.
It was slower making Nick cum, but just as we were nearly out of time I pushed him over the edge. "Linda, I'll be cumming soon. Very soon." So I pushed him in as far as I could, My lips touched his balls. I wanted to hold him all the way in while he came so I was moving the back of my tongue back and forth against the head of his dick when I felt something like hot lava erupting in my mouth. It was so much I started to gag but just got it under control and kept sucking without letting his penis withdraw at all. There was so much hot cum in my mouth I couldn't hold anymore and I knew that once again some of it was escaping out the corners of my mouth. Was his semen hotter than the other guys' semen? It felt hotter. And maybe thicker too, more like pudding. I just kept sucking until I knew he wouldn't ejaculate anymore and then I gradually withdrew my mouth. A fair amount of cum ran down the side of my mouth and off his dick as I withdrew. I meant to swallow it all but I hadn't done it. When I had backed away there was a good amount of his cum in my mouth and I just swished it around in my mouth rather than swallowing it. I savored his cum. I think it was saltier than the other semen I had tasted that morning. I thought about kissing him with so much of his cum in my mouth, but thought better of it. Derek was unique in his willingness to taste his own semen. He was watching me swirl his cum around in my mouth. He told me later it was just like a porn star would do it. He reached over and handed me a kleenex to wipe the extra cum off my face where it had dripped out.
When I looked over at the three on the couch, all three of them had erections. Since I had sucked off Bill only a few hours ago, I was surprised at how quickly he was coming back.
"OK, Derek, Matt, which one of you wants to be next?" They looked at each other and Derek signaled that he was willing to wait. I needed another drink and saw that the pitcher was almost empty. Matt got up and came over to me, and stood so his dick was right in front of my face. This guy was not shy.
"For you, I am going to tie you up."
He smiled. "OK. But where?"
"That pillar by the stairs. I'll tie your hands behind your back. Have you ever been tied up before?" In our nights together, he had always been the one to tie me up.
"Yes."
"Good." I had brought some scarves, having planned ahead. I led him over to the pillar and tied his hands loosely behind his back. My hand just might have brushed against his dick as I was turning away. Derek wasn't staying for this one. I think he was afraid it would be too ... stimulating. He was really pretty hard and probably needed a little time without so much visual input.
I began drawing right away. The way I had Matt tied up forced his erection to point almost right at me. His penis was straight out, like a gun aimed at me. It didn't curve at all. It was a difficult angle to draw, but this was -- partly -- a drawing practice. Partly.
Looking at that dick pointed at me was ... thrilling. I could see how much he wanted me, I could see it all in his dick. I could see that he was thinking about the blow job I was going to give him. And the whole time I was drawing him, I was thinking about what I was going to do to him too. I didn't even want to finish the drawing. I wanted to just go over there and take him. Maybe I really am insatiable like Derek says I am. By volunteering to be last, I bet he was counting on it.
This time the hour and a half seemed to pass more slowly. I just wanted it to be over so I could suck him. With all the blow jobs I had given already, I was still so excited to do it again. Finally, the time was up and I could lay the pencils down and hurry over to him and suck him off. His dick was waiting and I could see its eagerness. I swallowed his penis like ... it was a penis. There is literally nothing else I have ever put in my mouth like that, nothing that big anyway. I pushed my mouth around him and then withdrew all the way, pushed around him again and withdrew, in and out, in and out. And it did not take long. His first ejaculation came just as I had withdrawn. Most of it splashed against my lips but some of it got in my mouth. I quickly forced his penis back in so I could get the next ejaculation, and the next and the next. Three strong ejaculations and then a lot of small ones. Even when he was obviously nearly dry cum kept oozing out and I kept licking it off and swallowing. When I was sure he was entirely spent, I backed away and stood up and untied him. He held on to that pillar like he was dizzy from the blow job. I looked around for another tissue to wipe the semen off my chin.
"Wow" was all he said. Derek had been watching the clock to know when to come back for his turn and he came in a minute or so after I had finished Matt. He watched as Matt almost staggered out.
"You still up for one more?"
"Yes. Are you still up to giving it to me?" I could see that leaving the room had had its desired effect and he was no longer as stiff as he had been. And I realized how not tired I was of giving blow jobs. After five of them, I was still looking forward to Derek's penis. They were all different, as I said. There was nothing boring about giving head, even man after man after man.
"Yes! Where do you want me?"
Lucky I was running out of men because I was running out of poses. But then I had an idea.
"You always looked like an athlete to me. I know you aren't into sports but pose as a basketball player about to throw a shot. There's Nick's basketball over there."
His erection was beginning to come back as he did what I told him. He posed like he was about to do a free throw, I think they call it. As I sketched his naked body I realized that Derek was someone I wanted especially. The other guys had been fun and I loved them all. They were all really worthwhile people and I loved to have sex with them. But Derek, at this moment, seemed especially dear to me. Was I falling in love? I didn't think so. I didn't want an exclusive relationship with him I didn't want to quit fucking the other guys. But I would have been really sad if sucking off the other guys had left me uninterested in Derek. Sucking off five guys in one day is not too much. At least it wasn't too much for me. I idly wondered how much money I could get for sucking off a whole basketball team, but I knew that giving blow jobs to strangers didn't have any appeal for me. Some women do get off on it, but so far I don't. Unless I get even more insatiable in the future, I will stick to fucking people I know and like.
I put my best effort into drawing Derek's body, all of it. He was arranged so he was looking slightly to my left, so I saw him mostly in profile. I did put extra effort into drawing his dick, but I wanted to get him just right, more than I had for the others. The more I looked at him standing there with his hands about his head as if he were just about to throw the ball, the more I wanted him. I went a little over the hour and a half drawing him I was concentrating so hard. But when I put my pencils down I was sure I wasn't going to hurry through his blow job. I would just go late. He was the last guy of the day.
Again, for the fourth time, I knelt down in front of a naked man and took his penis in my mouth. I gave Derek a very slow, very thorough blow job. When the two hours were up, Nick and Matt came back in and joined Bill on the couch and watched me, but I hardly noticed them at all. I took my time with Derek's penis, I made love to his penis. My tongue explored him like an uncharted country that I had just inherited. I was coming into my ownership of his dick. The more I sucked on him the more I wanted him. The desire just built up so that I gradually got more and more eager for his semen. I knew what he tasted like. I had given him blow jobs several times now, I wasn't even sure how many times. But I had never wanted him this much before.
When he came I caught it all, every single drop. I swallowed most of it, but there was a good amount of cum coating my mouth which I kept. I knew Derek would be OK with it, so when he was done with his orgasm, I stood up and kissed him as deeply as I could and we stood there a long time with our tongues moving back and forth, playing with his cum, tasting him together, Then we both swallowed the semen we had in our mouths and pulled apart. The guys on the couch were just incredulous, that Derek had eaten his own cum. But Derek didn't mind that they knew.
The day was over now and I told the guys they could all get dressed if they wanted. It was a few minutes later that we all learned Desi had moved out. He left a note for us all, that he had been hoping that I would choose him out of them all, but that watching me give head to Bill had proved to him that I wouldn't settle on any one of them. I think that he had been living with us, knowing I was having sex with the others, but he was able to deal with it because it was all behind closed doors. We didn't talk about our exploits outside the bedrooms, and except for how loud I was when Matt tied me up and fucked me, it was all easy to pretend away. But when he saw Bill's dick in my mouth he just couldn't pretend anymore. And so as the semester ended, the guys had decreased from six to four, and when Bill left for San Diego we would be down to three men. I had hoped our little "family" would last undiminished longer than this. But the three guys and I would go on with our relationship, fewer in number but still looking forward. They had all learned how to share my body and no one was jealous of anyone. We were happy.