This is my first time writing anything, so any helpful comments will be greatly appreciated.
*****
Ted had been having the shittiest February of his life, his manager at work was giving him a hard time and was pushing to fire him, his card was constantly getting declined, and his girlfriend of almost two years (Hannah) had just broken up with him. That wasn't even the worse thing though, thanks to the letting agreement they'd signed, neither of the two could afford to move out until the beginning of June, meaning that they still had to live together awkwardly for 4 months in their tiny 2 bedroom flat. Ted had convinced himself he could handle it, that living with the woman he loved, the woman he wanted to spend the rest of his life with, wouldn't tear him apart inside. But after a month so far, he was having to work very hard to convince himself otherwise.
Our story begins one dreary Saturday evening, it had been Ted's day off, until a month ago his favourite day of the week. Usually he'd spend the day with Hannah, doing everything and anything. From spending the day together in bed, to going out and seeing where life took them. But today he'd spent the entirety of it plonked in front of his TV, in just a t-shirt and boxers, playing his Playstation while Hannah had gone out to spend the day with her family. Ted had been miserable all day and had taken all his frustrations out on the online players, taking as much satisfaction from shooting them "dead" as he could. It didn't help. It was getting late, Ted had had a terrible microwave dinner and was just beginning to wonder even IF Hannah would be coming back tonight, she had stayed at her fathers before. He was about to get his phone and message her when he heard Hannah inserting her keys into the front door lock.
The hallway door, opened and Ted saw Hannah putting her coat away and walk into the living room. Like every time she entered a room, Ted let eyes rove all over her body. She wasn't what most people would call a knock out beauty, but to Ted she was the most beautiful woman in the world. 21 years old and at 5ft 4 she was 3 years Ted's junior and only came up to his chin (with Ted standing a full foot taller than her), long luscious brown hair that he loved to run his hands through and brown eyes that Ted would just stare into when they spend those days in bed all day together. She wasn't skinny but she definitely wasn't overweight, which was perfect for Ted, he loves a curvy woman, especially Hannah's curves. Her C cup breasts were a sore point for Hannah, she was always going on about wishing they were bigger, but Ted thought they were perfect, they fit right into the palm of his hand, and her sensitive nipples would point out and could cut ice they were so hard. But Hannah's best aspect in his opinion was her smile, with two dimples she could light up a room with just one smile.
But there was no smile now, a stern look had replaced the care free smile almost permanently this last month, Ted could only presume the stress of their living arrangement was also getting to her as well, and without so much as a cordial hello Hannah, matter of factly, just asks,
"Where's my little pink friend?"
"Huh?" Ted responds, taken aback by how forward she was being,
"My Step-Mum's given me a movie and I'm going to need it,"
"Should be where you left it in your bedroom," Ted responds almost confused as to why she needed to ask him where her dildo was.
Ted had brought it for Hannah for a joke at the beginning of their relationship when he went on a lad holiday, and Hannah complained about not being to get any while he was gone. Thinking Hannah wouldn't actually use it, Ted ordered a Rampant Rabbit Vibrator so it would arrive the day after he left. When it arrived he quickly received a message with a picture of Hannah, pointing her phone camera at a nearby mirror, burying her "new friend" to the hilt in her pussy, the two rabbit ears blurred where they were vibrating on her clit, her back arched quite obviously in the middle of a powerful orgasm. The lad holiday from that point quickly began to drag where Ted wanted to get home, he received a lot of flak from the lads for being whipped but Ted didn't care, they hadn't seen the picture. When he got back both he and Hannah and taken great joy in adding the new toy to their sex life.
Back in present day Ted was clearing up all the crap he'd left lying around from dinner, and Hannah was off in her room getting all her bits together. Once he was done Ted began making his way to the tiny 2nd bedroom, where he bumped into Hannah coming out of her room, she had changed into some pj bottoms and a random t-shirt and had a duvet, dvd case and the dildo in hand.
"I guess I better leave you to it, night," Ted said awkwardly moving out of the way. Hannah didn't respond and just moved past Ted and through the door into the living room.
Ted berated himself under his breath for being so awkward and began moving again to his room when he noticed something out of the corner of his eye, Hannah hadn't closed the door that separated the living room to the hall area that lead to the bedrooms and bathroom. A thousand thoughts began to race his mind, Did she forget to close? Or did she think Ted would do it and/or closing his door would be enough of a barrier between them? Should he leave it or close it? But the one thought that was at the forefront of his mind was if he left his door open and stayed absolutely quiet he'd be able to hear everything going on. Now Ted definitely wasn't a perv or some kind of peeping tom, but the thought being able to hear his ex-girlfriend masturbating was a surprisingly massive turn on, just the thought had him grow a semi. Heart beginning to pick up pace, he was fighting with himself, the urge to eaves drop on Hannah and the fear of being caught and making things a thousand times worse for the next 3 months were butting heads. But it didn't take long for eaves dropping to win out though and Ted deciding how he was going to try and keep himself awake and give himself a innocent explanation why he was still up whilst overall not making any noise so he can still hear began to look around the room. He finally decided grabbing a book from the bookshelf he and Hannah stuffed in the room when they first moved in, his phone and all his devices would be too loud and with the light on his was less likely to fall asleep if he just lied there.
By this time it was getting on for 10pm and Ted just picked a random page to open up at, but he didn't take in any of it, he just stared blankly with his ears searching out for any noise from the other room. After 15 minutes (but what had seemed like hours to Ted) he frustratingly admitted defeated and was about to actually go to sleep when he remembered the crack between the door and the wall would possible give him a perfect view of the sofa. Ted got up of the bed and began to quietly make his way to hall, his heart now racing at 100mph in chest. He got to the door and began to peer through the crack. He was right, Ted had a perfect of most of the TV across the room with the movie in full swing (Hannah must of turned the volume right down) and right there was Hannah laid out on the sofa with the duvet on and the vibrator was laying on top the duvet. She was obviously just watching the movie, but Ted was fascinated, he was so excited and terrified that he could barely breathe, in fact he had his hand covering his face so she wouldn't be able to hear anything and his semi was slowly growing into raging hard on! He stayed like that, barely even moving, for about 10 minutes when fear of being caught finally took over and Ted slinked back to his room.
But it wasn't long till he returned to his spot.
That's how Ted spent the rest movie, hidden behind the door looking/ wishing for any sign Hannah had started playing with her little friend for 10-15 minutes before slinking back to room, only to return a few minutes later. Ted couldn't believe what he was doing, he knew what he was doing was wrong, but he was so excited and turned on he just couldn't rip himself away. Ted had lost count of the times he'd secretly spied on Hannah when he returned and saw the credits rolling. What he saw next though almost made him gasp out loud. Hannah had pull the duvet down and t-shirt up to her chin, her left hand was massaging her left breast and she was occasionally pinching and twisting her now protruding nipples, each time she did this she would release a small gasp and moan, her eyes closed and her expression was one of pure bliss. Ted followed her right arm down to where it went under the duvet, there was no mistaking what happening down there. With the pink rabbit no where in sight and her right hand obviously moving in a back forth motion, tenting the duvet every time she moved her hand away, it didn't take much imagination to know exactly what going on, with the pace she was going the rabbit was working overtime. Ted was hooked, there was nothing in the entire world that physically pull him away.
Ted could have stayed like that all night but his neck was starting to hurt from the funny angle he has having to lean to be able peer through the crack. Ted started weighing up the odds, she had kept her eyes closed the whole time this had been going on, he could just starting peering around the door and get a even better, full frontal view of everything that was going on. But the risk was Hannah had a greater chance to catch him. Ted dismissed that notion almost immediately, all the blood in his body was now flowing straight to his raging hard. Somewhere in the back of his brain he commented how he had never been this hard before and locked a voyeurism note away for another occasion. But that was at back of his brain and 99% of his focus was now on leaning around the edge door enough to see but not be seen. When he had done this, Ted was mesmerized again, Hannah was really going at now Ted could hear her sopping pussy every time she pulled her little friend in and out of her. Her mouth was now open and quite loudly moaning, all concern about being quiet had escaped her. Ted was impressed, there were porn stars who spent their whole careers trying but could never be this hot and sexy as Hannah was being right now.
Time had stopped for Ted and he lost track of exactly how long he stood then, when Hannah slowly opened eyes, never missing a beat under the duvet and her massaging. Ted practically dived back behind the door, SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT did she me see, he thought himself and hoping his heart wasn't pounding to loudly because it was all he could hear in his ears. With his heart in his throat Ted stood there for a minute and just when he thought he'd got away it, the door began to swing backwards towards him, and without thinking Ted instincts put his hand up to stop it. SHIT she knows! But instead of being terrified like before a calm had come down over Ted, he knew exactly what he wanted to do and knew exactly how events where going to go.
He walked out from behind the door and openly beheld the heavenly sight before him. Hannah had stopped moving but she still grasped her breast in her left hand and her right was still buried below the duvet.
"Need a hand with that?" Ted asked calmly,
Sheepishly Hannah looked down and whispered "yes."
Ted moved forward and pulled the duvet away, and what saw just made him smile hungrily, Hannah had lowered her pjs so they were rapped around her right ankle, her shaved pussy greeted Ted next, shining brightly from the combination of sweat and pussy juices, her pink rabbit buried again to hilt just like the picture, Ted just wished he had his phone with him so he could take a picture. Instead he dropped to his knees, at the same time Hannah pulled the toy out with a delicious slurp, ready to bury his fingers and face in what Ted knew to be one of the most delicious things to eat in the whole universe. But Hannah stopped him,
"No, just fuck me, I was so close but I couldn't make it with my little friend,"
Ted didn't need telling twice, within a few seconds he had removed his boxers and t-shirt, revealing his raging hard on with Hannah's eyes going slightly wide, as she removed her top and bottoms, shocked with how hard Ted had gotten himself over watching her. Ted didn't waste any time and slammed his dick into Hannah's soaking wet pussy, both elicitating loud grunts and moans as he inserted all 8 thick inches into her womanhood at once. Ted didn't hold back, if this was going to be the last time they fucked he was going to get every last drop of pleasure out of it. He began slamming into with as much force as he could muster, and it wasn't long before Hannah began screaming out
"TED, TEDDY, TEDDY BEAR, I'M GOING TO CUM, OH MY GOD I GOING TO CUM!"
She started screaming incoherently and started squirting all over his dick, but Ted wasn't done, he kept on plowing into her quickly bringing her to second orgasm. But before it could burst he suddenly stopped and pulls himself out of her.
"NO what are you doing?" Hannah exclaimed "I was so close again!"
Ted leaned in "I know" he said, "But I want you to roll over!"
A look of pure delight overcomes her face and she quickly turns rolls over onto her hands and knees, leaning on the arm of the chair, sticking her ass and pussy back to Ted ready to fucked doggy style. Ted admires the sight in front of him for only a second before moving forward putting his right hand out and cupping her pussy, the simple act enough to produce a gasp and growl from Hannah,
"Are you going to fuck me or what?"
But Ted's got other ideas, he puts two fingers into her soaked sex and pumps a couple times before removing them and inserting his still rock hard cock in a millimeter at a time.
"oh fuck just FUCK ME ALREADY!" Hannah finally exclaimed when Ted was back to being fully in her woman hood.
"Your wish is my command" Ted replied bringing his left hand with a all mighty whack onto her left ass cheek, bring a small scream from her, before then grabbing a handful of her luscious brown hair with the same hand and began tugging on it. At the same time he went back to fucking her as hard as he could. By this moment they were both incoherent blubbering messes, only ever to moan. Ted brought his right hand to Hannah's mouth, still covered with her own pussy juice, and without any hesitation she engulfs his fingers whole, sucking them clean, the taste sending her wild, When she was done, Ted pulled his hand away and immediately proceeded to start spanking Hannah's ass with every ounce of his strength. Each time his hand landed there was a almighty crack followed a small scream and moan from Hannah.
They kept this up for 20 minutes but Ted could feel the pressure building up in his balls, and he knew he couldn't last much longer.
"Baby I... I... I cant hold out much longer, I'm... I'm ready to explode!" he managed to gasp out,
"Do... Do ... Do it, I've lost... lost count of ... of how many times I've cumed" she replies.
And with that Ted gives one finally hard thrust empties every thing he has into Hannah, who feels her womb fill up with hot sticky cum, which causes a massive shiver and one final orgasm. Ted falls back a sits on the sofa, whilst Hannah cant move and just stays leaning over the arm of the settee.
"Oh my god that was..." Hannah starts,
"Out of this world" Ted finishes her sentence, both still gasping for breath.
The both stay like that for minute trying to get their breath back, with Ted just staring at Hannah's ass and pussy, which was now starting to leak his cum. Then in move that even surprised him, Ted Lunged forward and locked his lips around Hannah's ass, creating a seal, and starting flickering around her little virgin bud with tongue.
Hannah hand came back grabbing his hair trying to pull him off, "OH! What are you doin..." she never finished her sentence, the effects of what Ted was doing where taking over and her hand went from pulling away to pushing his face in even more. Ted kept this up for as long he could, breathing through his nose as much as possible, with Hannah constantly going "oh my god, oh my god," until she screamed again and he couldn't breathe anymore and had to come up for air with a gasp! Falling back on the sofa Ted lays down and Hannah lays down beside him with her head on his chest, both panting away.
"I never knew you were into that?" she manages to finally to get out,
"Neither did I!" Ted responds.
Then the exhaustion comes over them and they fall asleep, naked as the day they were born with no cover. Ted's final thought was that maybe, these next 3 months weren't going to be so bad after all.
*****
Thanks for reading, again any comments on what you think and any helpful tips for the future will be greatly appreciated.