He was a wolf. There were many other wolves at this masqueraded ball, but he stood out. She had been observing him from afar for a while. Even though she couldn't see his face, he had something about him; perhaps the way he stood tall, the way his presence was calm, friendly, yet nobody would question his authority. A true man in charge; leading with kindness, never fear. Yet there was something dark about him...
She was dressed like a fox. She had felt a bit underdressed; other people were dressed like elegant deer, nimble rabbits, stunning crows, regal cats, ferocious lions, and so forth. Yet they all seemed to convert to sheep when they were around the Wolf. He politely engaged in conversation, but she could've sworn there was a hint of boredom in his eyes. She was the only one who had been avoiding him, staying in dark corners of the ballroom to avoid the gaze of the Wolf.
The ball got immensely busy. More animals seemed to arrive by the minute. Much like a light-footed fox, she flowed through the crowd unnoticed. When she finally slipped outside, the party went quiet, and the darkness embraced her. The garden she found herself in was massive and poorly lit, which brought her a sense of calm.
"Too crowded for you, too?" a man's voice suddenly filled the serene silence. Her eyes scanned the patio, and the Wolf stepped out of the shadow.
"I... I just needed some fresh air." She stammered, unsure where the sudden shyness came from. He had not given her any reason to, yet she was immediately on guard.
He walked over to her, loomed over her, and whispered: "I have been watching you, little vixen."
She gasped. His voice sent shivers down her spine and for a few seconds, she was unable to move. Instinctively she knew his statement was a threat.
"I should really go back inside," she said, and slipped away from him. Before he could do anything, she had already used her agility to her advantage and was back amongst the sea of people wearing animal masks. The music and murmur of the party drowned out her encounter with the Wolf, and she sighed with relief.
She didn't know how long she had been inside, but it was long enough for her to become careless. She didn't notice the Wolf had been hunting her, and when he found her, he grabbed her from behind and pulled her close. His arms around her waist and his face in her neck, it would have looked like they were just another couple dancing. But nobody could hear the words he whispered in his ear: "I will not let my prey escape again." She scanned the crowd of masks, there were so many of them, she could get help within seconds.
As if he read her mind, he added: "If you draw any attention to us, I will give you a reason to scream." She tensed up as he pulled her in closer, and calmy swayed as if they were dancing. She tried to turn around, and he let her, whilst not letting go of his captive embrace around her. She looked up, a tiny fox, to the much stronger and much bigger Wolf.
"Do you know what wolves do with foxes?" he asked her in a quiet tone. She did not respond. "They rip them apart." He whispered with a hungry smile. She gasped. Her eyes widened and his embrace got tighter. Suddenly she felt something hard pressed against her.
"I like to play with my helpless prey," he said, still smiling, and one of his hands cupped her breast. Like an animal caught in headlights, she froze and let it happen. He then slowly moved his hand under her dress, pulled her underwear to the side, and started rubbing her.
"You are wet," he stated. "Are you enjoying this, little vixen? Don't you know you're in dangerous company? You should not be enjoying this."
She let out a soft moan. Her body was still tense, and she wanted to get away, but there was no denying that she had gotten very wet.
"Naughty vixen." He whispered in her ear, and as he loomed over, he ripped her underwear. She looked around, yet the crowd around them were still blissfully unaware of what was going on.
He now rubbed her harder, teasing the entrance of her pussy occasionally with his fingers. Her moaning increased but was drowned out by music and the herd of talking animals around them.
"Are you ready to get destroyed?" he asked her, and without waiting for an answer he forced two fingers inside of her. Her body trembled with fear and joy alike, and for a few seconds she couldn't do anything else but relax her muscles and give in to his embrace. He took that opportunity to guide her head against his chest and push her hips closer to him, and he fingered her until he was sure she was too weak to fight back what he was going to do to her next.
She was filled with ecstasy, leaning against his body whilst her body shivered. Suddenly she felt something much bigger than his fingers pressing against her clit. She tried to look down, but he held her chin up, still with that insidious smile, looking her in the eye as he pressed his cock against her. He seemed to enjoy the fear filling her eyes. She tensed up again, which made his grip tighter. She desperately tried to scan the crowd again, hoping somebody would see the Wolf was fondling her under her skirt, and worse now, had unzipped and was threatening to fuck her right then and there against her will.
"Remember what I said -- not a sound." He reiterated. Hit with defeat, she untensed. "Good girl," he whispered, and he rubbed his cock on her wet pussy. He teased her for a while with his tip. She tried to fight off getting aroused, but the more his cock pushed against her pussy, the more she wanted to feel him inside of her. Pleased with her obedience, he let her turn around. She was so eager for his cock that she lifted her skirt herself and pushed her ass against his cock. He smiled and teased her ass with his cock too. She arched her back, and he instinctively knew what she wanted. He relaxed the grip on her hip to position his cock to finally enter her... And that's when the cunning fox swiftly got away.
The small fox was outside in a matter of seconds. She knew the Wolf couldn't manoeuvre through the crowd as fast as she could, yet she knew she wasn't safe yet; he would not let her go that easily. She knew she had to get to the garden wall to escape. She started running, as fast as her feet would carry her, in to the dark garden.
Suddenly she is swept of her feet and pinned to the ground. She screams, looks up, and sees two men in bulldog masks restraining her.
"We got her!" barks one of the bulldogs excitedly.
"Well done." His voice barely masks the rage the Wolf is feeling. Her eyes slowly adjust to the dark. She is laying in the grass and has a bulldog on either side of her, holding her arms down.
"Get away from me!" she says, now angry herself. "You monster, don't you dare touch me." The Wolf approaches her, gets down on his knees before her, lifts her dress up, and pushes her legs apart. She tries to kick him away, but he easily keeps her in place. He then starts licking her clit, whilst she tries to get away from him. The bulldogs hold her arms down firmer the more she squirms. "No! Stop!" she keeps repeating to no avail.
It could have been minutes, hours, days -- she doesn't know. She only remembers no longer feeling the cold grass, instead feeling a warm glow inside of her. The night sky was dark, yet she could have sworn she saw stars. And she didn't know when, but the bulldog men had seemingly left. Instead, she was laying there out of free will, her hands gently on the Wolf's head, as he had brought her to a mind-blowing orgasm.
He lifted his head and he smiled with triumph. "A real alpha wolf doesn't reign with fear, instead they are protective and tender." He said. She wasn't sure what that meant -- all she knew is that she was no longer afraid of him and she wanted to feel his cock inside of her. "You want this now, don't you?" he asked, putting her hand on his cock. She nodded, unable to speak, and she got up on her knees. He did too. She turned around and pressed herself against him. "How badly do you want this?" he asked, whilst gently pressing the tip of his dick inside of her pussy without giving her too much.
"Fuck me, please fuck me." She whispered.
"What's that?" he replied, having understood her perfectly.
"Please," she now said louder.
"I don't think I quite understand," he smiled.
"Please!" she now shouted. She brought her face down whilst keeping her ass up, hoping he would be tempted to slide his dick inside of her then. But with perfect restraint, he refused, instead leaning over to put his hand over her mouth. "What did I say about screaming?" he sternly.
She tried to mumble an apology, anything really, as long as he would fuck her. Then suddenly, he rams his cock inside of her. She can't help but scream then, but because he is still covering her mouth, she can't. He thrusts hard inside of her. "I told you not to scream!" he said in-between thrusts. Her eyes roll back in her head, and despite it hurting a little, she takes his hard cock all in. "You're mine now, vixen." he growls.
When he feels her body getting weak, he slows down his thrusts. "Did you learn your lesson?" he asks, whilst loosening his hand over her mouth.
"Yes," she gasps quietly. He gently lays her down in the grass. She is now on her back, and filled with pure bliss she tries to stroke his hair. He grabs her hand in mid-air, pins it down, and says: "I don't think you have learned anything," before he enters her hard again. With his bodyweight on top of her, she knows she can't escape, but at this point, she doesn't want to do so anymore. She lifts her knees up and lets him fuck her hard. "Keep going," she whispers in his ear, and he grunts in approval.
When she feels his grip loosening, she gently guides him off her, and he lets her. He is now on his back in the grass next to her. She lifts herself up and straddles him. She guides his cock inside of herself and rides him slowly. She can feel his cock throbbing inside of her as he moans with pleasure. He then grabs her throat with one hand, her hip with his other hand, and starts thrusting hard again. She can feel him filling her up entirely, and she cums again, after which he loosens his grip on her throat and lets her put her head on his shoulder.
"Now make me cum." He says. He guides her head towards his dick. He slides his cock deep in her throat and facefucks her. Her throat hurts but feeling how hard he is makes her want to continue. Without warning he orgasms. She moans with surprise as she feels his cum down her throat. He lets go of her head once he is sure she has swallowed, and then pulls her up until her head is back on his shoulder. He wraps her up in a hug.
"You are fun to hunt, little vixen. I might keep you around and not destroy you just yet." He says.
"A wolf and a fox?" She smiles. "This is going to be fun."