Warning: As the Series title indicates, scat play is a factor here. Each chapter can be read as a stand-alone, though they are somewhat interlinked and are populated by recurring characters. Click on my username to find previous chapters easily.
At one of the Friday evening Club Venery parties, during a lull in the action, Gordon related an incident that occurred the previous Fourth of July, one that also involved Paula. He asked her if she remembered, and then if she would be okay if he told everyone about it. She told him to go ahead if he wanted to, so he did. The problem was that Gordon thought his story should be included inThe Scat Loversseries, just as he told it. Some of the others weren't so sure this was a good idea, mainly because they thought he was portraying himself as a laughingstock and just setting himself up for ridicule. But Gordon, being the eternal optimist and rarely seeing harm in anything or anyone, didn't agree. He thought his incident fit the theme of the series well enough, and was, after all, just a funny occurrence that he hoped would give readers a laugh. So with some reluctance, they gave in to his wishes. Since Paula was sitting right there, he told the story as if reminiscing with her. This is the story he told.
If you remember, the Fourth fell on a Friday, and since most people had plans, we postponed our Club party until the following Friday. I had nothing to do and after a few phone calls learned that you, Paula, had no plans, either. So I asked if you wanted to go to the fireworks display in Pear Valley, we could park and while most of the people went out to the open field with their lawn chairs to observe, we could fool around in the car; it would be fun and exciting to make love accompanied by all that thundering noise and exploding colors. You agreed to come with me and told me to make sure I brought a big blanket to cover the seat. I knew exactly what you had in mind, mainly because I had the same idea myself.
I picked you up about an hour before dark; you wore a short blue sundress that buttoned completely down the front, a very pretty one and easy to get off and on (forget the on, off is all that mattered). We drove to the park where the fireworks were going to take place and parked along with everyone else in the large parking lot. The place was packed. Most who came vacated their cars, but we didn't. I popped in that Van Halen CD you like and opened a couple of beers, and after we began making out a bit, I started to wish I'd borrowed my friend Hank's '61 Bonneville that had huge front seats and no obstructions rather than this piece of shit Toyota I had with a goddam console in the middle. (Now that I think about it Hank probably wouldn't let me borrow his car anyway, knowing what I'd want to do in it with you.) But before long we were doing some serious necking, despite the hindrance. Somehow that sundress seemed to just unbutton itself, and I was kissing your beautiful breasts.
"Bite my nipples," you whispered to me. "Not too hard, but I love to feel your teeth on them." They were already protruding like miniature juicy strawberries, and I gently nipped them, one at a time, with my front teeth. I could feel your lips kissing me on my face and in my hair.
"You remembered to bring that blanket, I hope," you said. "A big one."
"Sure," I answered and pointed to it folded up on the back seat.
"Good," you asserted. "I think we're going to need it soon." Well, that brought a smile to my face, both our faces, actually, and I remember wishing it would get dark already so the fireworks would start. I have tinted windows all around my car, the darkest you can get legally, and I put a windshield sunscreen across the front to block anyone looking in through there, leaving just a tiny gap so the colors from the bursting rockets could be seen.
"Help me slide my dress off," you said, and as you held your arms back I pushed it off your shoulders. It was pretty dark by now and your body looked gorgeous bathed in shadows. I reached for you again and buried my face in your breasts once more, licking and sucking them. But I could feel you tugging at my shirt, so I sat up and you helped me unbutton it and push it off me. Your fingers danced across my chest, tweaking my nipples, and you kissed me on the lips.
Then I felt your hands at my belt buckle, undoing it. "I'm glad you wore shorts," you commented. "Much easier to get off." We finally succeeded in removing them, and your mouth engulfed me, taking my breath away. Your mouth was so wet and my very hard cock just slid into it, bathed with your tongue. You sucked me deep, halfway down your throat it seemed, and it felt wonderful. I put my fingers through your hair and then caressed your upturned ass, running a finger along your crack to your asshole and even your pussy. Your pussy was very wet already and I pushed two fingers inside of you caressing your inner folds. With my fingers dripping with your juices, I slipped them out and touched your asshole again, pushing just the tips inside of you. All the while your mouth engulfed me, sucking me, your tongue swimming all around and over my cock. I wondered if you'd make me come even before the fireworks started.
But soon the first flare went up beginning the show. We stopped what we were doing for a few minutes and admired the display, but it wasn't long before we were back creating our own fireworks. We spread the blanket I brought across the back seat and onto the floor, and then made our way onto it. We were both totally naked now and when we finally embraced, on our sides with your leg over my hip, my cock slipped right into your pussy. You were so wet and I was able to fuck you so deeply, but it was proving to be not very comfortable, so I moved onto my back with you on top of me. Much better, we both thought, and I was soon back inside of you. Your cunt was sopping and it felt wonderful fucking you. I sucked your tits yet again and put my hands all over your ass, pulling your cheeks apart and fingering your asshole.
"Suck my fingers and get them drenched," I told you as I put them to your mouth. "I'll fuck your ass with them, what you love so much." You soaked my two middle fingers in your saliva and I invaded your tight little asshole with them. I put them up in you as far as I could, which at that angle was very far, indeed. The heat from inside your ass radiated around my fingers, and I was starting to go wild as I invaded my favorite anatomical part of you. You were getting pretty loud yelling at me to fuck both your holes, you wanted it harder, deeper, and to calm your shouting a little I pulled my fingers out of your ass.
"Shhh," I whispered. "Here, let's share a taste," and I put my dirty fingers to our lips. But before I could enjoy your deliciousness, you sucked them both greedily, moaning loudly. Although you had licked them clean, I could still smell them and felt deprived of a favorite treat.
"No taste for you if you're going to tell me to shush like that," you berated me. "Now get those fucking fingers back up my ass again. Damn, that feels good!" Far be it from me to argue, and back in they went faster than you could say Jack Robinson. Things were getting very hot as you stroked my prick with your pussy with my fingers up your ass. The car was probably starting to rock pretty good, but it was dark and nobody was around, so rock away, baby, rock.
Then you said you had to shit and I remember my pleasure meter, which was already at full max, jumped up through the roof. This is what I'd been thinking about since you agreed to come with me, having a scat session in my car. Scat sex was nothing new to us, we'd engaged in it at my place, yours, at Club orgies at Jessica's and Suzy's, but never in the car. It's always been a fantasy of mine, having nasty scat sex in the car. It's so fucking dirty and sexy and exhilarating! And public! We had sex that one time in your car at the mall, which was fantastic, but it wasn't scat sex. This would be our first time scatting in the car together.
"You make it sound like we were a couple of virgins," Paula said drolly, interrupting Gordon's narrative. "The concept was nothing new to either of us. Besides, why do you think I told you to bring that blanket? In case it got chilly?"
"I know, I know," I said. "The second you mentioned bringing the blanket I thought, Goody! Let the shitting commence! And, of course, you'd done it in the car with Logan, I remember you telling me, before he moved to Montreal, and Lana and I did it lots of times." (Lana was Gordon's deceased wife, and in his mind still the gold standard of scat queens against whom all would be judged.) "Hell, we've all done it, probably, but this was going to beourfirst time, you and me."
Heather chimed in smiling, "Always finding something special in the mundane, aren't you Gordon. It's perhaps your most loving quality."
"I'm not sure it's mundane," said Jessica, "not even for scat fiends like us, but you're right about Gordon being avidly devoted to the practice in all its forms. Go one inch with him down that path, and he'll take you gloriously at least a mile farther." No one there, all having scatted with Gordon on numerous and varied occasions, would disagree with that.
Returning to his story, Gordon went on: We continued to fuck for a while longer on the backseat, my two middle fingers deep up your rear end, when you finally told me to take them out, that the time had come for you to relieve yourself.
"I hope you're ready, Gordon," you said, "because this feels like a big one."
"Come on, baby," I implored you, feeling my libido shift into high gear, "just let all that beautiful shit flow out of you, give me your poop, cover my cock and balls with it." You raised yourself up onto my stomach so you could direct your shit onto my cock and not the floor. I remember you smiled and said something about how excited I was, which no doubt I was, and how you would fulfill my wishes as best you could. I thought I'd burst with sexual anticipation, was amazed how erotic you seemed to me. I knew it was coming out of you before I could feel it because you farted a few times and I could smell you, pungent and strong and delectable. I knew it was going to be a beauty.
Then I could feel it all soft and creamy flowing over my belly and cock and balls. I remember when I first felt your treasure hit my skin, a fireworks display known as a pinwheel exploded, making a sound like long drawn-out radio static with various colors spinning around in a circle, which described perfectly what I was feeling. Yes, I thought, that's it, sweetheart, empty yourself all over me; give me everything! I pulled you down onto me getting your shit all over your pussy. My cock went back into your cunt and we fucked some more through your warm creamy shit. The smell of feces in that confined space was strong, which only excited us more, but I was confident none of it was seeping outside.
I reached my hand under you and grabbed some of the pasty fudge and started to wipe it on your tits as you held yourself up by your arms. You moaned with pleasure as I spread the shit all over your lovely breasts. When your tits were covered, I put my face into them and licked all around them lapping up your shit. You were delicious, babe, so fucking delicious as always. My face was all covered with shit now and my mouth half filled. We kissed and shared it. We were really getting into it now, beginning to lose control, spreading on each other wherever we could reach. When we had depleted all your poop, you started begging me for mine, you craved it desperately, wanted more to play with and spread around on us. There was no way I was going to disappoint you in that request, that was for sure.
"Yes, of course," I told you. "I've got lots just waiting to emerge and add to the fun we're having. How should we do this?"
"I'll lie on my back," you said, "and you put one knee on the floor and the other on the back of the seat. Put your ass over my face and I can eat it out before you shit in my mouth." What more could I ask for? You always have the perfect answer for everything.
We continued to smear your shit on ourselves so it wouldn't just all fall onto the blanket when we moved; I took a small handful and wiped it all over your ass and partway up your back, and you seemed determined to smear as much on my face as you could before kissing me all over. It was so much fun and felt so amazing, as always.
Soon we had all your shit on us, and we arranged ourselves the way you suggested. After a small bit of awkwardness, we got ourselves in a halfway comfortable position, and I could feel your tongue licking my rosebud, pushing through it. You spread your legs and I curled two fingers inside of your cunt, stroking your clit with my dirty fingers. Both of us were crazy with lust now. I couldn't hold back any longer, and I felt myself starting to defecate. You held me right to your mouth, moaning, and my shit went right in. I thought you were going to explode with pleasure. I released some more which went over most of your chin and onto your neck.
I got off you and turned myself around to face you, not an easy task in that goddam car, and, keeping one knee on the floor, the other on the back of the seat, kissed you the best I could. The log that went into your mouth had fallen onto your cheek, and I took it and spread it over your face. The fireworks were exploding pretty much one after another now and the sudden flashes illuminated your face, which looked beautiful and oh so sexy from the shit on it. I spread the rest of my deposit onto your tits, which you loved, and down onto your pussy. We were both starting to moan pretty loudly and had to remind each other to keep it down. I then laid on top of you so I could fuck you, but the tight space made it very difficult. While I was trying to make us as comfortable as possible, I could tell the fireworks display was reaching its finale because those bombs were bursting in air like crazy and everyone was yelling and cheering.
Then I don't know what the hell happened, but I suddenly felt woozy, like someone just bonked me on the head with a hammer. I noticed people were returning to their cars and right next to mine I thought I heard somebody say, "Do you see what I see in there? That naked guy just shit all over that girl, smeared it all over her! Now he's trying to fuck her! What kind of fucking monster is he?"
Then I heard banging and shouts for me to, "Open the door, you fucking pervert!"
Somebody else was yelling, "Are you all right in there, sweetheart? Don't worry, we'll get you out!"
And then I heard somebody scream, "Call the cops!" and half a dozen people were pulling out their phones punching 9-1-1, all talking in horror that there was some naked pervert at the park abusing and violating, yes, even shitting on some poor girl in his car, the fucking scumbag, they needed to get here right away and save this poor girl and arrest this fucker right NOW!! The car was really rocking as they banged on it mercilessly. How the hell did they see in, for Chrissake?! By now the windshield sunscreen had fallen and anybody could look in, and screams from mostly woman filled the air as some men threatened to kill me when they got hold of me.
Then I looked out the side window and ten feet away I saw my MOTHER standing there weeping hysterically into another woman's arms, "My son, my son, what kind of filthy sick boy did I raise!!" How the fuck did my mother get here, she lives 200 miles away!
I remember saying to you, "Paula, Paula, we've got to get the fuck out of here, there going nuts out there, they're going to kill me!" I could hear sirens in the distance getting closer.
I jumped back in the front seat, getting shit everywhere, got behind the wheel, and tried to start the car; it wouldn't start. They were banging on the roof now, yelling about the poor naked girl who that sicko disgusting pervert shit on, on her FACE, the piece of scum! Someone smashed one of my tail lights. Finally the car kicked over, and I tried to drive away. More banging, hollering about the psycho trying to get away. It felt like one of my tires was going flat, they'd done something to the tires, but I just kept going. I could still see my mother, her arms outstretched, bellowing, her face streaked with tears, "My son, how could you, what's happened to you, you sick degenerate!" My own mother!
I sped up, sirens very close now; the road was filled with cars, people inside them all pointing at me, cursing at me. In the middle of an intersection about five police cars surrounded me, brought me to a halt; cops leaped from their cars, waving guns, screaming at me to get my sorry ass out of the car, smashing it open, dragging my body out, naked and covered in shit. The entire intersection was filled with curious people, gaping at me, taking pictures and video on their phones, calling me vile names, some even throwing up along the curb. Police and news photographers began snapping my picture, naked, shit-covered, which would appear on every news channel and social media outlet in the universe by breakfast time, including my name, address, phone number, where I worked, even my fucking social security number! Then the cops moved in and one wielded his billy club, whack! on the head.
Then, boom! I was back in the car in the parking lot, and you, Paula, were imploring me to fuck your pussy, not to stop, but keep fucking you, to lick my shit off your tits. You seemed angry because I had stopped, but I didn't remember stopping or anything else, for that matter, except for the irate crowd wanting to kill me and the police chase. My head felt dizzy and I could still hear people all around the car, but now they were streaming past, nobody noticing anything, no shouts, no nothing, everyone just returning to their cars. I even looked for my mother, nothing. I started to feel better, and figured I must have banged my head pretty hard on the roof or the handhold while trying to fuck you and that's what got me hallucinating.
"Gordon, Gordon," I heard you say. "Shit, I'm so fucking close, fuck me, goddam it, what's wrong, please fuck me!" You were begging for me to get back inside of you, which I finally did, and we continued fucking until you were able to climax, even though we both felt like broken accordions in that back seat. I hadn't come yet, and you offered to suck me, but I said the night was still young and we agreed to go back to my place. We remained scrunched down in the back seat as we hugged and kissed and played in our shit on our bodies while the parking lot emptied, and when we were just about the only ones left, we got back in the front seat.
"Let's forget about putting our clothes back on," I suggested.
"Good idea," you concurred. "No sense getting them all shitty. Besides, this is sexy as hell being naked outdoors in public like this. Too bad your car's not a convertible." The blanket was a mess but still in decent enough shape, and we transferred it to the front seat before we plopped our shit-covered bodies down on it.
We left and drove stark naked down the road, tail light and tires perfectly fine, hardly a car in sight, right through the same intersection where I'd imagined the cops plunked me on the head, now empty of any traffic at all, and to my house, pulling into the garage. Before we went in the house, I suddenly got that invincible feeling you get sometimes after surviving something you thought was really dangerous or scary, and I took you into the backyard. My yard is certainly not shielded like Suzy's place or even Jessica's, yet I marched you all over the place, almost daring the neighbors to gaze out their windows at us, even hugging your shit-covered naked body to mine in a lingering embrace, totally confident no one would spot us. I was even convinced we could walk around the whole fucking block, the whole neighborhood just like we were and nobody would notice. It was weird. But what a nightmare! (I figured my therapist would have a field day analyzing that one, if I had a therapist, which I don't.)
But rather than tempt the fates by strolling around the neighborhood naked and shit-covered, we went into the house and I got two, no make that three, containers of saved shit ("Oh, I'm getting a special treat tonight!" you wailed with glee, I remember) and went into the bedroom. Right, babe? That was an incredible night, I felt so supercharged at that point, and fortunately you, Paula, were right there in the same frame of mind ready to go along with anything I desired.
I estimated that a third of your body was still free of shit, which I immediately felt the need to rectify. I remember using nearly a whole container on your legs and feet, coating them lovingly in creamy shit and then licking your toes. You looked so beautiful once I had your body totally covered, and the feel of sliding our bodies on each other in all that shit as we fucked was exhilarating. Somehow we must have fucked three or four times and used up every piece of shit in all three containers; the sun was coming up when we shared the last log, a huge one, in our mouths, sucking it to oblivion with my cock inside your pussy. We've had so many wonderful scat sessions together, including tonight, but that Fourth of July was super special.
***
Paula got on her knees and crawled over to Gordon and gave him a big hug and a kiss. Her body looked just as it did at the end of his story. Well, almost, anyway.
"Push that full container to me, will you, Heather?" he said. "Better yet, you come over, too. There's enough shit in there to bathe the two of you with." Both women were delighted at the prospect, and before long everyone else was engaged in the next round of shit play. Gordon looked around at everybody wildly involved in the most intense and sensual scat play, enjoying themselves so thoroughly, and thought this made what that imagined mob at the fireworks display observed seem almost like a Sunday school picnic! Imagine how they'd react if they saw this? That thought made him shake his head and laugh.