Tricks and Treats of a Sex Demoness
More inclusive list of tags:
HALLOWEEN 2023, anal, BDSM, bound, creampie, cum, demoness, domination, exhibitionist, female dominant, femdom, gangbang, Halloween, mind control, mistress, monster, mmf, msub, noncon, non-consent, non-human, seduction, submissive, toys
Author's notes:
This is a work of fiction, and a human wrote it. All characters are over 18 years of age. Copyright 2023, all rights reserved. I am writing this as a fun creative outlet for myself. I thank my editor IJSO904 for extensive guidance. Please let me know with a rating and comments if you want to read more of my work. Thanks for reading it.
`~~~~~~~~~`
It's November 3rd, a few days past Halloween, my favorite holiday. I've been busy. I'm full and content, having feasted for days now. So, I feel like sharing. Not my food, though. I would never do that. It's against my nature. I'll generously share a sexy story and some wisdom instead. You can think of this as my belated Halloween treat.
Much of what you know about human nature is wrong. Or at least severely misguided. To show you an example, I'll share a bit of my life story from the last few months. If that sounds boring, and you prefer to bail and go hypnotize yourself with a porn video, I don't really give a shit. If you are that kind of person, I don't think you would believe me anyway. If you do find my offer intriguing, I hope you enjoy my story. Let me introduce myself, and then I'll jump right in.
These days, I call myself Leslie. I've been around quite a while and have gone by other names, but let's stick with Leslie. I routinely feast for days on end, but you wouldn't know it by looking at me. I'm deceptively strong, lithe, and gorgeous. Not jaw-dropping gorgeous because that would draw to much attention. But I am a definite ten. My body stays exactly the way I want it because I can change my outward appearance somewhat to suit my mood. That's one of my superpowers, but it takes energy, life energy, to be exact. The same energy that courses through your veins and creates your very cells. Some call it joie de vivre, chi, or prana. What I consume is not biological energy but that mystery force that creates and sustains life itself. That's what I feast on. You see, I'm not human, so I don't eat like you. I'm a sex demoness. I have the power to exert influence over humans. My curse is that I am unable to give or be in Love. That is a big one, otherwise, I'm not so bad. And I'm really enjoying myself in human female form. I'm full, content and in a good mood, so if you can suspend your disbelief for a while, I'll gift you a story, and a truth. I think you will find the story hot. As for the truth, I find it interesting that you won't hear much about it from your institutions of higher learning, or your church for that matter. But I do hope you find it worth pondering.
`~~~~~~~~~`
Last January, Vegas hosted the Adult Entertainment Expo at the same time as the Consumer Electronics Show. This made for a hunting ground I couldn't resist. I just showed up, dressed like one of those product marketing models, and waited for the right guys to come to me. I looked for guys who seemed like they would have stamina, and they couldn't just be big talkers. A group of three was ideal. I waited for the right double-take as I strutted my stuff. I didn't hesitate to say hello. I smiled and easily started a brief conversation. My pheromones slowed any cognitive thoughts and overwhelmed my prey with primal lust. I insisted I was not an escort. I would say something like I was just here evaluating a new business market or some bullshit. They seldom really cared about that anyway. But they would definitely be interested in my companionship for dinner or drinks later. I would get their contact info and leave them my card with my phone number before moving on to set a few more traps. That way, I could choose from among the most intriguing possibilities.
For that night's seduction, I focused in on a group of three men in their late twenties who seemed to get along very well amongst themselves. I met them for early cocktails. I wore my blond hair straight with bangs. The back flowed down just past my shoulders. My dress was white, low cut, lacy and short. It was slim at the waist and pleated to show off my petite torso. The thin material let my sheer lacy bra show through. The ensemble showed off my small but very pointy breasts and hinted at protruding nipples. I wore pink open toe stilettos that showed off my proportionally long and well-defined legs. Provocative but innocent at the same time. None of them could stop staring. I pretended not to notice, yet casually batted my long dark eyelashes and flipped my hair. The air became thick with my sweetly perfumed scent. My scent captured their senses and ensured they were each mesmerized and focused on me. They were trying to decide who among them might get lucky. The conversation quickly became suggestive. I coyly let slip that I wanted a gang bang. That created a moment of silence while their eyes bulged wide open. Then, they each squirmed and adjusted their pants a bit. I asked with a blush, "Could you guys maybe indulge my fantasy while I am here in Vegas?"
A few minutes later I was leading them into my suite. I paused just inside and after the door was closed, gave each one a welcome kiss. My kiss was like a roofie for them. It lowered their inhibitions and affected their short term memories, just a little. Before they could get grabby, I pranced away to my bedside table across the room. Such a tease. I returned with a little blister pack of pills. I insisted they each got a big dose of Cialis. I didn't really care if they got a headache later. I knew I could fuck, suck and feast on their life energy with each orgasm they had. Of course, I would have as many intense orgasms as I could, too. That was always just part of the fun.
I turned on a long set of slow house EDM and started dancing to the beat. Watching them try to contain their anticipation made me feel sultry with arousal. I pointed my bright pink fingernail at the tallest of them. "Go make us some drinks. There is ice, vodka and seltzer, and some kind of energy drink at the minibar. Use the tall glasses." His face showed a pouty expression, so I playfully added, "I'll suck your cock first."
Next, I pointed my bright pink fingernail at the second guy. "You, I need help unzipping my dress." I turned and backed up to him with my hips swaying to the music.
And last, I pointed my bright pink fingernail at the third guy. "Take off your shirt. I want to see what you've got." He complied quickly to reveal a nice chest defined by a consistent gym schedule. Assuming they worked out together, I thought I'd made a good selection. I intentionally hadn't used their names yet. I didn't want them to think this was anything more than them indulging my desires.
Before the one unzipping me could also unhook my bra, I stepped away, lifted my arms, and gyrated my entire body, letting my dress fall to the floor. Teasing flashes of my hot bra and panties had tempted them all evening. Now I gave them the full view as I danced, and their eyes devoured me. I told the two guys that were with me to undress as the tall guy returned with four drinks barely contained in his large hands. I shimmied my way to the shirtless guy and told him to unhook my bra. I kissed him while he worked to unclasp the hooks. I pulled back and used my right arm to hold the cups in place. I turned away from the kiss and reached out for my drink, letting my bra fall to the floor. "Drink up boys."
I took a sip and then put it on the side table. I chastised the tall one for not undressing yet. His hands were full, but I didn't let him off the hook. "I guess I'll just need to help you." He handed off the other drinks. I squatted like a professional pole dancer with legs spread, yanked his pants to his knees, and cupped his balls with my left hand. My mouth applied my pink lipstick around the base of his rapidly swelling cock. Now my arousal was taking me to that insatiable place where I would be hard to satisfy. I was on the verge of needing them to ravish me. I pulled on his hard cock and looked at the other two. "Well, get over here. As soon as you are completely undressed, I need more cocks." They had been hesitant to get completely naked in front of each other. Now they were all motivated to ditch their drinks so they could hurry and kick off their shoes and pants. I soon had three hard cocks gathered around for me to slurp and play with.
I stood to again kiss each guy deeply. They were sharing the taste of each other's precum now. At this point they were enthralled. I could have even suggested they fondle each other while I take turns blowing them. After all, I couldn't have them being prudes while they pleasured me. But, in time. I turned and walked to the king sized bed and crawled to the middle. I turned to face them and waved a finger randomly, knowing each of them would think I pointed at him. "Take off my shoes and panties."
"Who wants to suck my wet pussy first?"
In seconds, I was naked and spread wide. It turned out the big one was a pussy pleasuring connoisseur. He was patient and knew just how to use variable pressure. The heat of his mouth drove me wild. The other two moved to either side of my head. I had a cock in each hand and took turns licking them.
My back arched, and my tits pointed at the ceiling. As the heat built below, my juices were flowing like lava. I stopped licking cock, squeezed each one really tight and yelled, "What's wrong with you two? My tits are begging for some attention too. Now show them how much you like them and don't hold back. And you down there, don't stop!"
That is one of my proclivities. I really enjoy having my tits squeezed, and nipples pulled. I've had powerful orgasms by having my tits molested in just the right way.
I kept my grip on each cock and threw my head back into the bed. They took me seriously. Two men mauled my breasts with hungry passion. Soon mouths tormented my nipples. They became rock hard with the sharp pain. The connoisseur continued to coax out my nectar, driven by his own building lust. My pussy flooded and gushed as my first enormous orgasm sent my body writhing with pleasure.
With panting breath, I commanded the man between my thighs, "Now FUCK me!" He pulled himself up and wasted no time sliding his throbbing cock into my pussy. Using my feet, I encouraged him to drive deep and fast. I didn't want him to last. He pounded hard for a while, and I was about to cum again. "Don't you dare stop. Fill me!" My legs started to tremble as another orgasm came on. I desperately tried to lift my hips to meet his thrusts as I exhaled loudly and vibrated with pleasure. My reality was consumed with the waves of pleasure that exploded through my body. As my senses returned, I felt the energy from my stud's orgasm flow into me as he spurted his own ecstasy. He pulled out, momentarily stunned, and stood at the edge of the bed and panting.
My skin was glistening. The two at either side of my head still had a tit in each hand, but they had been awestruck by the sex show that unfolded before them. "Now you guys rotate." I released the incredibly hard cocks from my death grip. I told the one that was fucking me to come up so I could suck off the juices. I told the one to my left to get down there and suck my pussy. He hesitated.
Even with my pheromone cocktail coursing through his horny little brain, this guy was having a challenge getting through the narrowminded programming. He would end up following my wishes though.
I got up on my elbows. "Listen here team gangbang, just a short while ago you were all for this. Well, here is how it is. You guys are going to take turns fucking and sucking and pleasuring all my holes until I've had enough. And trust me there is going to be a lot of cumming by all of us. So don't be shy and don't stop except to tag out." They seemed shell-shocked that the demure little thing they picked up at the bar was now telling them what to do. But with the reassurance that fucking was in his immediate future, the hesitant one got to work. At first sniff, my arousal again filled his brain with lust, and he could not resist diving in like a starving man.
In minutes I had sucked the first fucker hard again as I moaned in pleasure on his cock. I commanded the guy to my left to remember and suck my tits. I told the guy licking my pussy to switch it up and fuck me. From here on, they got the rhythm and just started having their way with me without me directing. Once each had had a taste of my juices, they would now do anything I asked. I relaxed and let the sexy fun really begin. My fun.
I could now let my mind go. I savored the intrusions into my hungry body. I let my orgasms roll in. My energy level rose as each of them took turns spurting their cum. They each got to rest a bit as I rolled the tall one onto his back and slid his mostly hard cock inside my swollen pussy again. I rolled my hips with passion and ground against his balls and pelvis. To my delight this made him squirm. I fell forward to expose my ass in invitation. A moment later I guess someone spotted the lube beside the bed because it was squirting on my asshole. Then a cock was not so gently pushing in. To my pleasant surprise hands lifted my head and pushed my hair aside to press a purple cock head against my lips. I eagerly took it into my mouth. I surrendered on all fours as the two men at either end of me found a rhythm and started using my body to fulfill their need to fuck. My pussy spasmed around the cock below that was stretching it wide as my ragdoll body was jerked back and forth on it. I just went where they pushed and pulled and soon, I was rolling in a series of delicious orgasms. The cock in my mouth spurted once, then was driven into my throat to finish. Oh, Goddess it felt so good to have that life energy flow into me. I uncontrollably straightened out my legs and fell onto the guy beneath me. The one behind, determined not to slide out of my ass, grabbed my hips hard and drove his cock in deep. My rolling orgasms reached another crescendo as he rammed balls deep into me and grunted as he filled my ass. This pushed the cock out of my mouth and cum drooled lewdly down my chin with it. I yelled, "FUUUCK!" uncontrollably. The guy below sucked my lips into a sticky wet kiss. My tits slid in the sweat on his chest from the impact of him bucking his hips to drive his cock roughly into my aching pussy. His final upward cock thrust was met by my forceful downward vulva thrust. Again, I was filled with man cum.
My pheromones and the Cialis kept them hard for the next several hours. Their ability to cum slowed, but my craving for more sex was unabated. I coaxed, sucked, and pulled one cock after another to keep them hard for me. If they got close, I squeezed their balls or plunged my fingers into their asses. A few times I even got them to fuck each other to stay hard, watching while their friend's cock filled me with pleasure. The non-stop, raw, hard-driving sex gradually overcame them, as I repeatedly filled myself with more of their energy.
Sometime early in the morning the guy behind me who had been fucking like a champion, pulled out and staggered back onto his feet. He can't cum again. He was gasping for air. They were tired. I did not even try to count my orgasms throughout this sex fest. I glistened with sweat; mine, and theirs. My hair was stringy, soaked with bodily fluids. My makeup had streaked from my eyes. I was delirious; drunk with energy and pleasure. I still wanted more. I stood and turned around, then sat on the chest of the guy below me. I jerked hard on his cock, jacking it at the edge of pain. With more effort and lube it responded. He obviously could not cum again for a while, but I just needed him to be hard enough to fill me. I slid forward and fed it into my ass so I could ride him reverse cowgirl. I reached out to the one at the foot of the bed and pulled him down to me. He fell to his knees. Perfect. I guided his face to my pussy. My clit was swollen and buzzing with energy. Drunk with lust, I still wished for an endless line of men to use my body and fill me with their energy. I bounced on the guy beneath me. I grabbed the head between my legs and ground into it hard. Another powerful orgasm took me, and I furiously rubbed the man's face on my pussy as I squirted forcefully. When I released his head, he gasped and collapsed onto the floor. I looked around for the third guy. He had somehow gotten up and retreated to the bathroom while I wasn't looking. I stood and the cock inside me plopped to the man's stomach and went soft. He curled into the fetal position and held his head in his hands.
The guy in the bathroom came out and I had him lie on the bed. Maybe I could get one more out of him. I said, "Just relax. I want to stroke you some more."
He whimpered, "I don't think I can get hard again."
"Shh," I told him, "You just let me take care of you." I worked him over for the next 45 minutes or so. He did try to get away once, but I sank my claws into his chest. One nail severely gouged his nipple. He fell back helpless. I didn't stop. I jerked, sucked, pulled on his cock, and even clamped my teeth down while both of his balls were in my mouth until he was screaming with pain. He did sort of cum, but barely a dribble. Then exhaustion took him too.
It had been over 8 hours since we had gotten to my room. I looked around at the closing scene of a wanton orgy. I admitted to myself that this party was over. I enjoyed pushing their sexual limits. With each cumshot I gathered more chi and revitalized my life. I would be buzzing with youthful energy for weeks. I had made them all cum more than they ever thought they could. I was proud of that.
By mid-morning I had cleaned myself up and packed my bags. I checked out while they were still snoring in the room. My card covered everything. I could only imagine them waking when the maid knocked. I smirked to think she might see three guys with shaky limbs, bite marks, sore cocks, and aching balls. They would get to keep the hazy memories about what they did to me, and each other. I bet they never in their wildest dreams thought their trip to Vegas would turn out like that.
`~~~~~~~~~`
That was pretty hot right? Another fact about me is that I'm a connoisseur of sorts. Like most humans I really love good food. I do enjoy a perfect rib eye and a glass of fine red wine but those are just organic building blocks for my body. For me it is not just what I eat. It's who I eat. What I said earlier is that life energy is what I gorge on. That is what I need to reconfigure those organic building blocks into the body I want and to indirectly manifest other things I want too. I am in all honestly a predator hunting your passion for life. You humans are my prey. Sex is my weapon and I use it to literally suck a bit of life out of each conquest.
Have you ever been to one of those epic parties where it takes you a few days to recover? Where it led to some really incredible sex, but you can't quite remember everything? On one hand, you casually blame the memory lapse on the alcohol and drugs. On the other hand, you might just have had someone like me taking you on the sexual adventure of a lifetime. You might ask if I'm like a vampire. I hate that comparison. I don't fucking kill people. Or suck blood. Well hardly ever. And I'm not a succubus either. I don't suck spiritual energy, just my prey's physical life force. With it I am nearly immortal. I excite and incite people into having what will likely be the most incredible sexual experience of their lives. Then I just drink a little off the top. And don't think this is so terrible, humans of their own free will do dangerous things like maybe even smoke cigarettes to risk or exchange some life energy for a little thrill.
I don't discriminate. I like women and men the same, but men are just so easy. A case study is my Venus fly trap play. When I tempt men with something salacious, they are quite gullible and eager. A pencil skirt at work, a flashy party dress that shows my flat stomach, a string bikini at a pool party, any of those and more will attract a horny man faster than a Cabela's attracts rednecks. Then I stay aloof. That builds their desire. And through natural selection I can wait for the ones that try the hardest and present me with the most passion. Men also tend to woo me credit cards, hot clothes, and trips to see the world as a side benefit. I can easily use those gifts to maintain my expensive image and my continued desirability. My temptations typically end with an exotic vacation getaway for a week of steamy sex. I get supercharged and they go home alone, dazed, to tend to their aching balls and tender claw marks. The only complaint I ever get is that I'm gone, and they want to do it again. But I've learned that passion often wanes with time. I don't need companionship or Love. So, I move on.
Ha, I disappointed you, didn't I? You thought I was going to unwittingly tantalize you with another sexy story. Well... Alright, I'll entertain you with the story of my next hunting adventure too. I'm not a total unfeeling bitch.
`~~~~~~~~~`
After the Vegas convention trip, I traveled a bit but ended up back in the US in the San Francisco Bay Area the following October. I had changed my appearance some. On a whim I was now a redhead. Women have that prerogative. I got a job as a marketing consultant at a high-tech firm. The execs wanted an introduction to some execs at another company that I had fucked and left wanting more. I got paid a lot for making introductions, yet I didn't do it for the money. I did it to expand my own hunting grounds.
This company had a bunch of well-paid, overworked horny guys that would just beat off to porn before they crashed every night. There I met Jimmy C. Jimmy was a very fit, tall, and attractive albeit nerdy guy. He was actually born in Serbia. I couldn't believe he was a fucking war orphan, educated in Switzerland, in computer science. He got to the US on a work visa. He worked hard. He told me he ran to crystalize his thinking and get exercise. I read into that he might lack some social confidence. Within my first day I had caught his eye, but I didn't let him catch on that I had noticed him. I just found out where his desk was and walked by often. I wore a fairly tight skirt every day and eye-catching heels. By Wednesday I happened to walk into the coffee/copy room at the perfect time to catch him alone. Our eyes met. I bit my glossy red lower lip and blinked once. Later that afternoon, he stopped by my desk to see if I could help align his project to marketing goals or some bull shit. He obviously didn't know what I was doing, so I knew he was hooked. Now, to feed him some line. I said, "Hi, of course, we can discuss marketing objectives. My name is Leslie." I turned to appraise him and stepped as wide as my pencil skirt would allow. This gave him a view with lots of legs, dropping into glossy black high heels. While he checked me out, I checked out the nice bulge in his pants. Since when did jeans and a polo become business casual for guys? He looked down and tried not to stare. He would be searching for leggy redheads in tonight's porn.
I never did give him any information. He really just wanted to see more of me. By Thursday, he was still coming to find me with some work project excuse. Thursday was push-up bra day. I showed off white lace, lots of cleavage, and maybe a slight crescent of areola if a guy was lucky. It was only a matter of time before my boss got a message from HR regarding "inappropriate work attire". My boss hadn't said anything to me yet because he was enjoying the scenery too. That, and we'd had some "working meetings" where after lunch I got a good meal, too. It was OK, though; their wives were glad that their husbands were too tired for sex, so they all got a good night's sleep.
But of course, the other women at work had noticed me as well. I had no interest in socializing with any of them. The clock was ticking. By the next week, I'd have actually done the work. I'd have set up the introduction meetings, collected my fee, and figured out where I wanted to go next. Sorry, I digress.
On Friday, I casually mentioned to Jimmy that I would like him to escort me to a fun club I found near Union Square. Before he could lose his nerve and respond with some lame apology, I directly asked if he would take me to the Power Exchange. I flirtatiously batted my eyelashes and told him I had gone to their last Ladies Night event and wished I'd had a date to hang onto because it was kind of overwhelming. That was mostly true. What I didn't mention was that I had a great time and had my fill that night. He agreed. This was going to be fun!
An hour later, he came to my desk again. He had looked up the Power Exchange and said he didn't feel comfortable taking me there. He blushed to tell me he had never been to a sex club before. How cute. But as an alternative, he invited me to an edgy - exclusive - adult only - private - Halloween party! This invite came with a backstory. Jimmy's first job in the US was for a small software company that took advantage of his immigrant status to work him long hours and pay him crappy wages. His manager, who also had the self-important title of VP of Technology, used to belittle him at work and especially at company social events.
Jimmy is shy. His English is not perfect.
Until he recently got this latest job, he worked so much he didn't have time for a social life. So, his old boss would publicly shame him for not having a date. He would then take that opportunity to brag about his own latest conquest with some gorgeous women. Ok, that's the history. Jimmy had gotten an invite to these Halloween parties every year and heard afterward that they were awesome, complete with revealing costumes and wicked debauchery. But he had never gone to one because he never had a date. He didn't want to subject a woman he didn't know well to a potentially compromising situation. But he figured if I had wanted to go to a sex club, I would be okay with a risqué private party. What a gentleman. Also, he knew that going alone would open the door to his old boss singling him out as a loser. His old boss would certainly treat Jimmy like shit for being an immigrant and not graduating from a "real University with a fraternity". But this year he would have me as a date. I said yes on the spot because that sounded like fun! My brain was churning with the possibilities. I jumped right on it and asked Jimmy, "Would it be OK if I dress as a sexy dominatrix and have you go as my bodyguard?"
He stammered with an, "Umm, Ok." I knew he would agree. He tends to do that without thinking things through. I told him I would put together his costume and bring it over to his place before the party.
Early the evening of the 31st, I got an Uber to take our costumes to Jimmy's place. I sweetly smiled and waved to the driver as he arrived to pick me up from my place. Of course, that's all it took for him to get out and help me put my bags in the back. I saw that he was a handsome dark skinned man wearing a Bayern jersey with Sadio Mane's name on it, so I struck up a conversation and learned that he was an athlete, but he'd had to leave his dreams of Premier League behind. I do Love the stamina of athletes. I got his number for a direct call ride home later.
There are always opportunities ahead if you look for them.
When I got to Jimmy's door, he saw me with my dark red hair pulled back into an impeccable all-business braid and I had gloss red lips and dark, very seductive eye makeup on. I had worn a relatively conservative dress to be in public. It was plain enough to draw attention to my tall gloss black boots with steampunk soles and open toes. The open toes showed off gloss red toenail polish that matched my lips.
You never know what will be useful to grab a guy's attention.
Jimmy greeted me with, "Wow, you look awesome." He says the nicest things. He hadn't even seen the final package yet.
He offered me a drink. I said, "Only some water. We need to hurry and dress." We actually had plenty of time, but I had other pre-party plans too.
I told him that while he got the drinks, I'd need to use his bedroom and bathroom to dress. I laid his outfit over the back of the lone chair and quickly changed. I replaced my dress with a costume that looked quite provocative. A glossy black, skintight, front lace bodice with a built-in skimpy balconette bra helped point my small tits out with authority. The skirt flared out some and barely covered my smooth labia and ass cheeks. The dark red trim on it looked sophisticated and dangerous. Matching gloss black thong panties would grab attention whenever my skirt rode up.
This outfit revealed one facet of my personality. Although people would think I was masquerading in costume. I am a good dominatrix. Further, my costume concealed in plain sight who I really was, a sexual predator.
Jimmy came in and before he could hand me my drink, I told him to strip. His mouth gaped open. He forgot what he was going to say. I had put him in an awkward position. He wanted badly to comply and get naked for me. I'd kept him on the defensive because he had to put the drinks somewhere first. I smirked as he discovered his own nightstand would do the trick. He put the drinks there and I crossed my arms sternly as he was finally able to start undressing. He pulled off his polo and I reached in to unbutton his pants. Before he knew it, I had squatted before him and started sucking his quickly hardening cock. He gasped and was throbbing in moments. Ooh, such a young stud! I stopped and stood sternly before him with his pants down to his knees. "I told you to strip. Hurry up!" I couldn't help but be in character to tease him.
He gulped and stammered out, "Yes Ma'am." He almost fell over trying to get his shoes off. I suppressed another smirk. His eagerness to please me was so damm cute. I stepped in to put my arms around his neck and gave him a light kiss on the lips. My scent overwhelmed his logic circuits. He would willingly let me have control to do whatever I wanted. I lightly whispered in his ear that I needed him to fuck me, but first I needed help getting my panties off over my boots. My hands at his neck could feel his pulse pounding. I took a step back and lifted the hem of my skirt at the side. This gave him a good look at my thighs. I made a show of slowly turning from side to side and slowly tugging the string of my panties as I went. I bent some at the waist with straight legs. My skirt rode up as designed. He couldn't help but stroke his cock as he watched the panty strings slide over my rounded ass cheeks. I continued my seductive dance, careful not to show my pussy as I worked my panties down to the tops of my boots.
I licked my red upper lip and looked him squarely in the eyes. His gaze locked on mine. "Now, Jimmy, I need help with my panties. Right Now." I demurely arched my right foot so just the toes were touching the ground.
He immediately fell to his knees before me to work the panty strings over my boot laces and then the right sole. I shifted my weight to lift my left foot. He easily worked my panties over that boot sole. I stepped wide and lifted the front hem of my skirt. He looked up with my panties in his right hand and was rewarded with a view of my soft smooth mound just inches from his face. I reached out my hand so he could hand me my panties, but I threw them over my shoulder and reached out again and pulled him to his feet. His erection proudly sprang out and upward before him.
As he came to stand, I sank to my knees before him. I started to blow him again, to build some pressure but made him wait to cum so he could fuck me with his gorgeous cock. It was circumcised, long, and hefty. I stood feeling it's girth in my hand. I released it and fell back onto his bed, spreading my legs in invitation. I used my fingers to open my pussy lips like the exotic flower that it is. I stroked the wet nectar that flowed so he could see how inviting and willing I was. He was still watching, frozen in place like a rabbit before a mountain lion. I broke the spell. "Jimmy, I need you in me now."
He took the step to the bed and lowered himself over me, looking into my eyes in disbelief, with his weight on his arms. I reached down and easily found his throbbing cock, drooling with slick pre-cum. I slid it to my opening, and without hesitating, he slowly moved inside me. He rocked back a few times and slowly, deliciously plunged in a bit deeper with each stroke. I realized he was intentionally trying his best to please me. As time seemed to slow, Jimmy played a sensuous song with my finely tuned body. The agonizing pleasure built, sending gentle waves of ecstasy radiating throughout my body. Finally, he was stroking that long thick cock so that each controlled thrust just touched my cervix. It drove me crazy with lust. I squeezed my arms to pull him onto me, to smother me with his body, and I wrapped my legs around his waist and hooked my heels. I started to shake from the pent-up orgasm within me. I fixated on the sensations and visuals of Jimmie's purple head that spread me wide and the firm ridge that rubbed repeatedly across my G -spot. I cried out as my shaking exploded into a supernova orgasm. He came with me, as my body convulsed with pleasure. I screamed with joy as he was filling my pussy with his spurting lust. Delicious! This would come in handy later.
It was a quickie, but oh so good. His breathing slowed. He was ready and willing to forget the party and spend the night with me so we could fuck each other's brains out. It had been a while for him. He would remember this tryst for years to come as the one that ended his dry spell. However, my still-forming plan needed a lot more to fall into place before it came to fruition. That motivated me to break away from this stud who didn't yet know his potential. I had to focus. With him still inside me, I got him to roll us over. I looked into his eyes and told him truthfully that orgasms like that did not just happen to me very often. I thanked him for being such an attentive Lover. Then with a smile I slipped from the bed and forcibly pulled him by the arm until he was sitting.
I got freshened up and donned my sexy costume. I helped the still-dazed Jimmy get into his. He was hot, dressed like a bouncer at an upscale ladies' club. With his black bowtie, he could have passed for a Chippendale exotic dancer.
When we got to the party, we were greeted warmly by an umber skinned woman dressed like a Wakandian warrior. Her African heritage showed in her. Muscular, strong, thin, and lithe, with a truly beautiful complexion and an incredible body. I noticed Jimmy gulp. He was in awe. I had noticed that he does that in the presence of beautiful women. Most women would be offended if their date openly gawked at another sexy woman. Not me. I took the hostess's hand and drew her in for a hug. I made sure she got a good dose of my pheromones, then introduced both myself and Jimmy.
I discretely elbowed Jimmy so he would regain his composure and smile. The costumed Goddess before us spoke in a deep voice, "Welcome to Roger's Halloween pool party. He asked if I would greet the guests for a while so he could mingle. I'm Juma."
I looked her directly in the eye and said, "Jimmy here thinks you are undoubtedly the sexiest woman at this party. Come find him later."
Juma furrowed her brow and deferred to me with a questioning look. "But you just arrived. There are a lot of sexy women here."
Jimmy to his credit showed some manners and rescued Juma from the self-conscious position I had put her in. "Juma, it is a pleasure to meet you. And I will agree you look stunning tonight in that amazing costume. I do hope we can visit later."
I smiled warmly as I again took in Juma's sensual beauty, saying to Jimmy, "Come on Jimmy. I want you to introduce me to Roger." I winked to Juma as I took Jimmy's arm and slipped past her so he could lead me into the great room.
I have a very effective power of persuasion. She would engage Jimmy in conversation later.
The party was spectacular. The house was a multi-level mansion. The elaborately decorated spaces sprawled into a pool, patio, and well-lit lawn. A large spa had one glass side that plunged into the pool below the waterline. It had a waterfall that spilled warm water over the center part of that window to warm the pool below. Everyone in the spa was clearly naked.
Throughout the property, the guests, especially the women, were in costumes suitable for Hollywood movie sets. As more guests arrived, we enjoyed a wide variety of gourmet snacks, the energy of the beautiful people and the luxurious environs. I was also waiting for the biggest crowd. Jimmy was being quiet, likely worried that he was out of his league. I let Jimmy know that he was a gorgeous man and that no one here was better than him. I continued until he assured me that he understood. Then I confided with him my ulterior motives for coming to the party. Well, not everything, just the part where I planned to humiliate his old boss. Jimmy was on board. He assured me he would follow my cues. Then I also let him know I didn't plan to spend the night with him. His chin betrayed his disappointment even though he gave me strong words of acceptance.
He is so sweet, such a truly nice man.
I couldn't believe he was single. Jimmy was incredulous when I told him that Juma thought he was hot and desirable. It took some more discussion, but I told him of my exceptional ability to read people and reassured him that Juma would be looking for him later. Further, since I knew that I would be busy, I made him promise to get to know her and set his intention to spend the night with her. I think he promised because he didn't believe it would happen. He didn't understand the power behind my hugs.
A while later, at the outdoor bar, I spied a man I surmised must be Roger. He was effectively the center of the party. I faced the bar and cozied up to Jimmy. This allowed me to discretely use my right hand to brush my inner thigh where a thin layer of dried sex juice remained from that quickie over at Jimmy's. I left my drink at the bar and hooked Jimmy's right arm with my left and guided him to find Roger. He was monopolizing the conversation around a fire sculpture burning in the middle of a large patio table. Jimmy was too polite to butt in.
With a thought, I caught Roger's eye. He stopped talking mid-sentence. I held his gaze long enough to irritate two other women fawning for his attention. They each had very expensive-looking oversized breasts, bared for all to admire. Roger must be rich if this was his house, and these women were trying to get some. Roger must also have been very good at using others for his benefit and entertainment. I couldn't help but smile at how satisfying it felt as my plan shaped up. Of course, Roger thought I was smiling at him.
I let Roger break the tension and speak first. "And you are? I know we haven't met."
I let go of jimmy's arm and reached out my right hand. He couldn't help but be interested in my bait, me that is. He had to nudge one of the topless bimbos aside to take my hand and give it a squeeze. A few molecules of my nectar transferred to him. That and a little time would be all it took to lure him in. Staying in character I answered confidently but indirectly. "You may call me Mistress. I'm Jimmy's date. Thanks for inviting him."
I'd challenged him. The area around us stayed quiet with anticipation. He dropped my hand and replied with a petulant look. "You're one of those smart ones aren't you, 'Jimmy's date'?" He hadn't even noticed Jimmy yet. He couldn't resist an inappropriate remark once he saw him though. "Hey Jimmy, it's been a while. Never saw you with a woman before. I figured you must be a fag. " People around the table gasped, and Jimmy, caught off guard, looked to the ground. Roger continued with a laugh. "Wait, now I get it. Jimmy here wanted to look cool, so he paid for a dominatrix to come to my party. Later tonight does he get a good spanking like a little boy, or does he have to wear a diaper?"
While Roger was talking, Juma had come to the edge of the throng. I looked directly into Juma's eyes for just a moment. Hmm, she seemed to have found herself drawn toward us. You know how sometimes you've caught a stranger's gaze, and you might begin to believe just a little bit in magic, or that you two might just share compatible chemistry? Well, this particular attraction was no accident. It was my magic of psychic suggestion and chemistry. I caused this to happen.
As Roger hurled his ugliness, I took Jimmy's hand and squeezed it so he couldn't shrink away. Standing tall in my power boots, I issued a correction. "No one here could begin to pay me for what I do. And no, Jimmy is smart, sensitive, and quite powerful in his own right. I have found he challenges my passion for lust. He's no one's little boy." The words passion and lust intrigued Roger's greedy mind. And as I spoke, the molecules of pussy juice that I had just put on his hand were forming a chemical snare he wasn't even aware of.
While I was speaking, Juma had moved toward us, so she was standing at the other side of Jimmy, clearly concerned about the insults hurled his way.
I licked my upper lip to draw Roger in a bit more. "Roger, you have a gorgeous home. I would Love it if you would show me some of the intimate spaces." I reached out my right hand again.
Without even excusing himself from the other guests he took my hand. Jimmy gave me a quizzical look. I nodded my head discretely towards Juma. And just like that, Roger thought he was taking me away from Jimmy and pulling me into his lair. I joked with him as we walked. "Ooooh, can we start by seeing your dungeon?"
He made a point of walking nonstop as we snaked our way into his house. "Actually, I do have one." He opened a locked door to his office and led me inside. "How cool is this?" he asked as he motioned to a bookshelf with some sports memorabilia and a small statue of the Pope that looked out of character. He pushed aside the small statue of the Pope. Behind it was a hidden button. The bookcase, doubling as a hidden door, opened to an elaborate sex dungeon within. I couldn't help but wonder if there were a hidden message in using the Pope to conceal the portal into darkness.
As we stepped inside, I heard him lock the door behind us. I could sense the lingering energy of terror from past sessions in this space. A faint smell of bleach did not make the place smell clean. It appeared my intuition about Roger was right. He was a sadistic fucking monster. This dungeon was not about sexy titillation or exploring kink. Is had been built to incorporate fear into power plays for the dungeon master's gratification. Spotlights shown from a black ceiling to reveal a lot of bondage equipment, including chain hoists positioned over floor drains, and video equipment around some of the restraint equipment. An elaborate black leather bondage table was the centerpiece. It offered multiple D-rings, and adjustable sections for his depraved creativity. Along one wall were built in drawers, shelves, and hooks with lots of neatly coiled rope. On the other side was an ensuite bath/dressing space, some standing mirrors, a Sybian, and a fuck machine on wheels. I gasped in mock delight for his benefit, "Wow, you have a lot of toys! I'm getting wet thinking of all the fun we can have." The statement, unlike my tone of voice was all completely true.
I walked to the table, took a wide stance, and arched my back. He was on me like a spider on a butterfly. He pressed himself against me and forced a wet kiss. His tongue was in my mouth. Both of his hands were under my skirt, grabbing my ass to pull me in close. He was thinking only of forcefully having his way me as I unbuttoned his shirt. It was telling that he didn't discuss any BDSM protocols before he locked the door. There was no permission or safe word discussion before he started. He was not simply ignorant. He just considered me his next victim.
However, that kiss ensured he would follow my suggestions. I had just turned the tables on him. He would now have even more desperate, deep desires for sexual things that I wanted. He thought these deep desires were his own. But the events to follow would be at my direction. He didn't see that I could now supplant his ideas with my own, taking his logical thinking on a circuitous spin. I had manipulated him. He had unwittingly been drawn deeper and deeper into my trap while still thinking his choices were his own.
He started to grasp at the laces on my bodice. Idiot, the hooks were in the back. I yanked his shirt down which pulled his arms down too. He had to get his shirt off the rest of the way to go on the offensive again. I unbuttoned his pants and pulled down his zipper then stepped back. With wide eyes I tempted him again. "Roger, you have a nice chest, but first could we, umm you, maybe indulge me with something?" I turned and bent over against the smooth upholstery of the table. My skirt rode up to expose plenty of ass cheek and the bulge of my swollen mons Venus. He was mesmerized when I pulled my skirt up further on one side as I spread my legs. "I'm a bit of an exhibitionist. Would you use those cameras to take some video while I take off my outfit? Use a tripod so you can help me?"
Annoyed with his remaining clothes, he stepped out of his shoes and pants. His obviously shorter-than-average cock was pointing straight out very rigidly erect. He would do what I wanted, because he thought he was going to fuck me with that thing. Don't get me wrong. I like all cock and have had some very good times with many of the smaller ones. But for men like Roger, it's just their attitude I want to fuck with. He quickly set up the video and turned on some spotlights. He had done this before. "Roger," I ask, "will that transmit to the big screen behind the bar upstairs? I'm feeling really kinky."
He replied with a wicked, "Oh yeah, this is going to be epic. Everyone will see me fuck the living shit out of all your dirty little slut holes. We're live."
There was a production monitor with a ceiling mount so I could be sure the camera got a great diagonal view as I made a show of bending my knee and lifting my foot. I then looked straight into the camera as I bit my lower lip, lowered my foot back to the ground and stuck my ass out. In my sultry voice I moaned, "Oh Goddess, I'm so wet. Help me take off my panties." They didn't really cover much but it was a good show as Roger pulled them down. I stepped out of them and stepped back some into a classic booty-up pose. I flipped my braided hair to the side, licked my lips and wiggled my ass. He grabbed at my short skirt and pulled it down. I kicked it aside and spread my legs wid. My pussy was fully offered to Roger. The smell of my sex was consuming his mind. "Roger just taste me first, then tie me to the bench and fuck me like the powerful man you are."
He smirked. "I never lick pussy. But I might put you on your knees later and use your mouth to clean off my cock - if you're lucky."
Of course not. There was the true Roger showing through. What an asshole. But I had another move ready. I turned and arched my back with one hand on the black padded bondage table behind me. With my hand closest to the camera, I lewdly stroked my pussy and spread my engorged lips. Now with my whole hand sopping wet I sensuously sucked my fingers. I hoped the camera could see my wet glossy red lips. Roger pulled me in close to try and get the bodice off again. I whispered in his ear that the hooks were in the back. He was distracted as his mind slowly registered that fact. As he reached behind me, I aggressively kissed him so he would experience the power of my juices. Now he was completely mine. Roger was stunned by the level of his own lust. My bodice fell to the floor. I spun away from the table like an exotic dancer and granted the audience a view of my perky tits. I gave a show of seductively cupping them and slid my hands to pull each hard nipple. Roger was holding the side of the table with his head spinning. I coolly clasped one wrist with the cuff that hung from the side. He gave me a questioning look. "Roger, you're so hard. Let me do this. I really want to ride you in front of the camera." With that offer he just let me maneuver him into position. In no time I had him on the table with his wrists and ankles cuffed to the sides. I adjusted the slope of the table with the foot pedals, so the audience had a clear view of his slightly flabby body. As worry crept into his mind his cock deflated to half-mast. I used some of my slick juices to tug him hard again. He was definitely not as big as his ego.
He watched as I prepared for my fun. I strutted over to the wall with the big hardware. I put a spreader bar, some coils of rope and a long crop on the fuck machine cart. I grabbed one of the big standing mirrors on wheels and pulled everything behind me as I seductively strutted my way back. He started to give me orders, "Wait, you wanted me to tie you up, remember?"
I unlatched the lower half of the table so it could open. It could now swing open like the bottom half of a St. Andrews Cross. This spread his legs wide. I attached the carabiners on his ankle cuffs to the ends of the spreader bar. Then like the pro I am, I used the hoist to lower the chain. I turned into the camera (and the viewing audience) with a smirk. "I lied. I really wanna do this instead. Now, this is your warning, shut up or I'll punish you like you deserve."
I hooked the chain to the D-ring welded at the center of the spreader bar. The audience got a good show looking at my shapely legs and butt as I paraded to release the ankle cuff carabiners from the table anchors. Then I hoisted his legs up until his ass was completely off of the table. His upper back and shoulders were still on the table supporting most of his weight. His spread cheeks were on full display. What a pristine white target. I adjusted the mirror so the audience could get a look at his face too. During that process Roger realized he had lost control. He got angry when he realized he had been tricked. He began yelling at me, cursing, and complaining loudly in a futile attempt to regain the upper hand. I sternly raised my voice to him, "Roger, I will not respond again until you address me as Mistress. You refused to do that earlier when we met. You were very rude. Further, I am going to use the crop twenty times as your punishment for not being quiet when I last commanded you to shut up."
His face was boiling red with anger. He spat out, "Bring it bitch. You're not a mistress, just a whore."
He obviously hadn't ever been cropped himself. Otherwise, he wouldn't seriously issue that challenge to the crop holder. I've had a lot of practice. I placed eight hard strikes on each ass cheek. He was howling in pain as red welts grew in perfectly spaced red lines. I checked in with him. "Roger, because you were so rude, I didn't give you a warmup. I'm sure that really hurt, so I could show you some mercy and make the last four a bit lighter. Would you like to ask your Mistress for mercy?"
Tears were streaming from his red face. He blustered, "Fuck you." Then set his jaw with determination.
Yet his misgivings were showing through with the worry lines fully on display across his forehead.
"OK then, we'll continue." He thought I'd keep punishing his ass. Surprise. I lowered the spreader bar some. His ankles were held wide apart so that the sweaty space between his asshole and his ball sack was in perfect view. I placed one hard strike at the base of each side of his scrotum and the last two over his pucker. That area was extremely sensitive. He was howling so loud one would think the man was being tortured. I could feel terror within him. He remembered what he had done to others. I asked him if he wanted any more.
The adrenalin coursing through his veins had him trembling. He croaked out "No." I gave him a questioning look and spanked the crop lightly in my hand. He quickly tried again. "No, thank you Mistress." The bully was broken, even quicker than I would have guessed.
Good, time to move on. I lowered the spreader bar, removed it, and reattached his ankles to the table anchors. I let him watch me attach a ten inch dildo to the fuck machine. Mind you, that was not the biggest in his collection. I squirted some lube on it until it was dripping and then some on his cock, balls, and over his asshole. I next lined that monster up for the assault. His eyes were wide, but he kept his mouth shut. I calmly asked, "Roger, I want my pussy sucked, would you like to do it?"
He answered without hesitation, "Yes, Mistress."
I asked again, "Really, Roger, do you really want to? Is that how you would ask your Mistress if you really wanted to?"
He answered, "Please, Mistress. I really want to taste your pussy. Please?"
This was actually the truth. He wanted it. Normally he hated the idea of pleasuring a woman this way. He had thought it somehow emasculated him. Now the events of this powerplay had me quite stimulated. I made a show for our remote viewers of strutting my stuff and climbing onto the table. I stood over his face and slowly squatted myself down as I held onto the chain before me. I pointed my tits for the camera with pride. My pussy was spread for all to see as he started lapping with genuine hunger. My juices had him so aroused he would continue to do anything I asked. All of his pain was forgotten. I kept my back arched, threw my hair over my shoulder, and rode him like a barrel racer. I then slid forward and stroked his hard cock a bit while he gasped for breath. Then I was back on his face, squatting down on his furiously working tongue. I let myself cum hard and lifted myself off of him to spray my amrita over his face and body. I sat back down on his chest and consciously pushed out the remaining cum that Jimmy had put so deep up within me. I'd been saving it for this moment. It was a private little gift to myself as I smeared my crotch over Roger's face and chest. I was sure that was quite a show. But I wasn't done yet.
I turned to Roger. His cock was raging hard. "Would you like a reward now?"
He eagerly and loudly replied, "Yes, Mistress. Please." He hoped I might ride his cock that so desperately needed relief. He was wrong. I lined the dildo on the fuck machine up with his ass hole and turned it on to a slow setting. Just the tip was poking rhythmically against his asshole.
The worried look on his face was priceless. I sensed that he'd never had his ass fucked by anything. I said, "Relax Roger. That's the only way to enjoy this." I zoomed the camera in a bit and adjusted the mirror to clearly show his worried face again. Then I pushed the extend button. The machine slowly advanced the dildo in a few inches. I stopped everything, as he was clearly in pain, and squirted some more lube on his asshole. I reminded him, "Relax Roger. Now I'm going to go freshen up a bit. I'll be right back." I turned the fuck machine back on slow and gathered my discarded clothes. In the dressing room area, I used a soft towel to wipe the splatter off of my boots and got dressed. I touched up my makeup and brushed out my hair. Getting back to Roger I saw a small puddle of cum on his belly and his cock was seeping some more. I asked how he was doing.
He surprised me. "Thank you, Mistress. I've never experienced anything this sexy and exciting. I actually really enjoyed it. Can I please be released now?"
I answered, "Can you see where maybe a safe word would have come in handy? You didn't think they were useful, did you? Moreover, any good Mistress will push your boundaries some. But don't worry. We are almost done." With that I extended the stroke of the dildo until he was squirming. He was maybe taking seven inches. That would do. Next, I increased the pace, to give him a good pounding. He started to grunt like an animal in time with the thrusting. His eyes were wide as he watched me walk to his pants, retrieve the lone key in his pocket and head to the door.
I unlocked the door, put the key back on the floor inside the dungeon, and left Roger alone with his predicament. Back in the office, I marveled at how well the entrance was hidden once the door was closed firmly. I decided to not hide the button with the Pope statue. I wanted him to be found. This wasn't Easter after all.
In the living room a group of guests were fixated on the screen. Outside a crowd was watching the big screen above the bar. Everyone was riveted in anticipation to see what would happen next. I slipped to the side of the bar without being noticed. I saw the bartender's nametag and call him over. "Barkeep Bob, I want you to do something for me." He instantly recognized me. I gave him the Shhhh sign as he hurried over. I dumped the candy out of the clear glass pumpkin bowl on the bar. I replaced the treats with ten, hundred dollar bills. I slipped another $100 to the bartender and asked him to give me a minute, then make an announcement. "The $1,000 was my party treat. It will go to whoever finds our host and helps him out of his secret dungeon." As I slipped out the front, the partygoers heard the challenge. They were starting to scurry on their quest to find Roger. Poor Rodger would undoubtedly be feeling some pain by then. And then there would be the emotional anguish he would experience as he was found by his guests and fully realized that they had all seen the whole show. Served that monster right.
I had a big smile on my face as I called my Uber driver. Roger's ego is all that got beat up. Well, mostly, at least no one suffered any permanent physical harm. And I made sure Jimmy was respected and well taken care of. See, for a demoness, I wasn't actually evil and doomed to eternity in hell. In some ways, I had done a good thing.
Later that night the Uber driver was to be my next meal, but only if he wanted to be with me. You see even with my persuasion it works best for me when we both benefit. If he wanted it badly, his enthusiasm and anticipation would raise his energy to a delicious level of sweetness. But even in that moment, I knew it would only be if he wanted it to be. And it turned out that he did. When he consented by desperately saying he wanted me, I sucked and fucked him well into the pre-dawn hour, leaving him so drained from multiple orgasms he didn't care to wake for his alarm in the morning.
As always, I got the most life energy from my prey while they were living at the edge of their wildest sexiest fantasies. I was good at sensing exactly where 'too far' was. As a result, we both ended up getting what we passionately wanted.
`~~~~~~~~~`
Such is my life as a demoness of sex. Now I promised you a truth, right? I might be ruthless and cold, but I keep my promises. So, here you go.
You were probably told at school and at church from a young age that everyone's basically good. You know, treat others as you would want them to treat you, and everyone will get along and be happy. Right?
Well, that's simply not true. I exist, and I am an arrogant, self-centered life-sucking demoness. There are other beings from other worlds, too, and not all of them are benevolent. But non-humans like me are rare and luckily for you, most don't tend to stick around long. And I'm not all bad, either. After all, I told you a couple of erotic tales, and I only took a few minutes of life energy from a few people. At least I made a trade. They got some incredible sexy pleasure.
Now from my perspective, humans mostly live their lives in shades of grey. A few are enlightened with the creative power of Love. A few at the other end of the spectrum are truly monsters. All of us are too complex to simply categorize as good or bad. Nonetheless, you do need to be extremely careful about whom you open yourself up to. You really need to be cautious around those people with malevolent intentions. One in twenty humans has significant sociopathic, narcissistic, or outright psychopathic traits that dominate their behavior. Don't believe me? Look it up. While you're at it, look up how to identify those types. They are the true sources of evil in your society. Those people are the ones who get rich by creating and selling products that physically hurt other people. They are the ones that pay their workforce as little as possible and make them work away their best years so the rich can get richer. They are the ones who use force to impose control over morality and economic values through religion and politics. They want society to function for their benefit. They are the real monsters living in your midst this Halloween.
Here's another nugget. The only way to protect yourself is to avoid those types like the plague. Be aware and try to deduce when others might have nefarious thoughts. Avoid their charismatic persuasion. Avoid debt. Definitely never marry a sociopath. It sounds obvious, but people have been struggling with these basic things since the dawn of civilization. Instead, carefully surround yourself with truly generous, positive thinkers who live for Love, happiness, abundance, and joy. The good part of my truth is that good people exist, too. So be discerning, and may the wonderful treats that life has to offer come your way.
Blessed be and Happy Halloween!