I woke a little groggy. Our first night in Zakynthos had been a little wild. Having arrived at 10pm to our hotel, Michelle and I decided to head straight out on the beer. We stumbled home drunk at about 3am, the night itself a little groggy.
I turned over and Michelle was naked beside me. I took her all in. Michelle was 25 had shoulder length naturally blonde hair, blue eyes, a thin nose. My eyes drifted lower admiring her firm 34C breasts, a little more than a handful but not by much. At the centre of each tit was a small, not much bigger than a two euro coin, areola and nipple. Michelle had a perfect figure that curved just as I liked. Moving further down her body my eyes came to her fair pubic hair. Naturally blonde and with little body hair Michelle kept her pubic area neat and tidy, shaped into a thick landing strip. I couldn't see it now but between her legs was a neat pussy, lips mostly of the innie variety with only a small piece of her left labia visible. When she spread her legs, nestled at the top of her pussy was a small overly sensitive clit. Her ass was perfect, large and round. Between her cheeks lay a tight hairless virgin puckered asshole.
Her legs were hairless shapely wonders. Standing at only 5'2" Michelle was my little pocket rocket.
Hungover and horny, my cock was rock hard when I woke. I was so horny as I lay gently stroking my smooth cock. Michelle was a beauty therapist and regularly waxed my pubic hair keeping it hair free and incredibly smooth. My free hand was between Michelle's legs, my fingers lightly running over her thighs and tight pussy. My eyes closed, I was fantasizing about anything that turned me on when suddenly a vague memory, I wasn't even sure if it was real, came back to me.
I shook Michelle awake. "Did we fuck on the balcony?" I asked her as she eventually woke.
"Oh yeah, I remember that," laughed Michelle.
"Did anyone see us?" I excitedly queried.
"Unfortunately not, well not that I could see anyway," replied Michelle, "but there could be people out there now!"
Before I could say anything Michelle was up out of the bed, pulled open the sliding door to the balcony and was standing in the sun two floors up on our balcony completely naked.
"Come on big boy!"
I followed her out, my cock bobbing in front of me, erect and ready. Our balcony overlooked a busy enough street, lined on the opposite side with what looked like residential apartments. As I stepped out the sun blinded me, taking a few seconds for my eyes to adjust. I wasn't 100% sure but I reckoned it was about 8am. There were people out and about starting their day in the town.
Michelle was bent over, one hand on the iron railing that surrounded our balcony, facing out to the street. Her full breasts hung below her almost horizontal chest, her free left hand rubbing her pussy, making sure it was lubricated enough for my hard cock. Her ass faced towards me, big round and juicy. She was a definite PAWG. Her legs were spread affording me a perfect view of her tight pussy. It was more of a camel toe with just the tiniest piece of her left lip showing. I stepped closer, bending at the knees to ensure my cock was at the right height. My hands firmly took a hold of her hips, as my cock pressed at the entrance to heaven. Michelle moved her second hand back to the railing. As I looked at my waiting cock I realised anyone walking on the pavement below our balcony would have a clear view of my cock and balls as they penetrated Michelle.
"Put it in Tom!"
She was always impatient when it came to my cock, but who was I to refuse. My large exposed cock head spread her pussy with ease, the sensation of her tight cunt on my exposed circumcised head was amazing. Inch by inch I slowly inserted my cock. Once she had taken the full length I started to get into a rhythm. I looked out over the balcony as I fucked Michelle. If our neighbours came out they were in for a surprise, but it seemed as if no one had noticed is yet.
The feeling of the warm sun on my naked body as I fucked Michelle was so erotic. I looked back at the round ass in front of me jiggling every time my smooth pubic area made contact at end of each thrust. Michelle was moaning quietly, very much a quiet lover rather than a screamer.
"Faster babe," she pleaded. I pumped faster and harder, fully aware I could go at this pace for a while. I ran my hand over her round white ass moving towards the holy grail, her virgin ass hole. My thumb encircled it teasing the hairless puckered entrance.
"Don't even think about it!"
I slapped Michelle's ass and concentrated on filling her tight pussy with my cum. Michelle's tits were swinging back and forth as her hips started to grind into my cock.
Just then I was sure I could see a guy opposite looking at us from behind a curtain in an apartment opposite.
"Is that someone watching us?" I asked.
Michelle panting replied, "where? Oh wait I think I see him Tom. He's wanking!"
With that Michelle stood straighter giving the stranger a better view of her tits and small puffy nipples. The stranger was stroking ferociously as he saw Michelle stand and stepped out from behind the curtain standing for us to see him. He was in his 20s, overweight and very hairy. From what we could see his cock was average in size.
Michelle began to play with her tits, twisting her nipples for his and her enjoyment. With my left hand I reached up and around to grab her breast, my right still on her hip giving me leverage to fuck my hot girlfriend.
Suddenly gush after gush of white cum exploded from the strangers cock. About 8 squirts flew from his cock. Neither of us had cum yet, the effects of the alcohol prolonging our orgasms, but this helped bring me closer. Watching a guy cum looking at my girlfriend was a huge turn on for me.
I pumped harder and deeper, catching Michelle by surprise as she released a whimper. The guy stood watching, his hand moving much slower on his cock. I came at last in Michelle's tight pussy, shooting a large load deep into her neat cunt.
Michelle moved off of my cock, allowing the cum to roll out of her tight pussy, taking a large dollop on her index finger and licking it for the chubby stranger to see.
Both of us headed back inside our room collapsing on the bed and drifted back to sleep. One we woke again, we showered and got ready for a day at the beach.
After a brief pit stop for breakfast we were at the beach. It was about 11 and the beach was full of fellow sun worshippers. Looking around I immediately noticed the amount of women sunbathing topless. There were breasts of every shape and size, from small puffy mounds of not much more than raised nipples to large saggy tits bigger than my head belonging to much older women. I led the way to two sunbeds. The spot I chose was surrounded by people. In front of us a group of guys maybe 18 or 19 years old, to the left a mature coupe of maybe 50, behind us a couple of a similar age to us and to the left three girls. The wife of the mature couple was the only one sunbathing topless, her large tits, easily a 40F, lay flat on her chest and chubby stomach.
We arranged our towels and other items around our sunbeds. I took my t-shirt off and rubbed sun cream into my body and legs. Beside me Michelle stripped to her bikini, before removing her top allowing her round busty tits loose. Her red bikini bottoms where the high waisted Brazilian type that narrowed on her ass exposing most of her bum cheeks to the beach.
The group of guys immediately took notice of my fit girlfriend. Michelle lay on her stomach before asking me to apply sun cream to her back.
Putting my knees either side of her thighs I squirted cream onto her back and set about massaging it in, ensuring I lifted her hair and applied some to her neck. Moving lower I applied cream to her feet and calves, massaging them as I went fully aware my cock was stirring in my shorts as my hands explored her beautiful feet. The back of her thighs was next as I rubbed upwards and on to her naked ass cheeks. Fully aware the group of young guys were watching I stood to the side as I applied extra cream to her ass. My hands worked the inside of Michelle's thigh. My hands constantly but lightly brushed her covered pussy sending shivers through her body.
"Will you do the front too babe?" Michelle asked.
"Of course!"
Starting at her feet again I spent more time than was needed tending to her tiny feet wishing I could suck of her French painted toes. I eventually worked my way to her shapely thighs. The bikini bottoms were pulled high and tight onto her pussy so showing a perfect camel toe to the group of guys. Again I massaged her thighs and inner legs, lightly brushing her pussy. Again applying more cream than was needed I spent an age rubbing her thighs. I noticed a small wet patch appear at the entrance of her vagina. At this stage I was sporting a full erection under my shorts clearly visible to all around us. I moved to Michelle's stomach applying cream again before moving to her breasts. Her nipples were hard as I fondled her supple breasts, running my hands to her shoulders ensuring the cream was applied everywhere.
I moved back to my own sunbed, noticing the ever growing wet patch between Michelle's spread legs.
"Enjoy that Michelle?"
"I wasn't the only one," she said motioning to the clear tent in my shorts.
I positioned the back of my sunbed into a seated position and looked out across the beach. My sunglasses acted as a perfect shield for my eyes as I perved over the topless women. My cock remained hard as I took it all in.
After a while I picked up the book I had brought with me and began to read. About half an hour passed when Michelle asked if I wanted to go for a swim.
Michelle stood confidently well aware of the male eyes on her as she walked along the beach to the sea, breasts bouncing perfectly in time with her jiggling ass cheeks. We waded out in the water until it was shoulder deep. Michelle came close to me, her hands pulling my shorts down releasing my hard cock in the sea. Slowly and tenderly Michelle stroked my cock under the water out of the view of prying eyes. I pulled her closer, kissing her passionately my tongue entangling with hers. Michelle then pulled herself up wrapping her legs around my waist. She pulled her bikini bottoms to one side as I held her exposed ass cheeks. Michelle directed my cock into her waiting pussy, the feeling amazing as I entered her warm pussy from the colder sea. We gently rocked, not wanting to draw too much attention to ourselves as we fucked in front of 100s of people blissfully unaware sunbathing on the beach. Well, I'm sure some noticed as we moved and kissed in the water. For about 5 minutes Michelle thrust her hips back and forth on my hard cock, one arm around my neck the other rubbing her clitoris, while my hands under her ass supported her weight. We both started to her carried away, moving and thrusting faster. Michelle's tits splashed in the water, spray hitting our faces bringing us back to reality as we slowed, remembering where we were. We broke apart, probably more frustrated than we started, my cock back in my shorts but the fact it was erect was clear for all to see as we returned to our sunbed.
We spent the rest of the day relaxed on the sunbeds, leaving the beach only to get lunch. Later that evening we went back to our hotel room. I was so frustrated, I needed to cum but Michelle insisted we waited until later. So I went to shower leaving her on the bed watching tv. In the shower I spent a lot of time washing and stroking my cock, edging myself wanting so badly to cum. I got out of the shower, dried off and went back into the bedroom. Michelle was gone, the bed empty but the sliding door to the balcony was open. I walked closer, and there was Michelle naked sitting on one of the chairs. She was facing away from me towards the iron railing surrounding the balcony. Her legs were spread, her right hand busy playing with her pussy for the world to see. Across in the other apartments our overweight friend was back stroking his meat watching my girlfriend frigging her pussy.
"Enjoying yourself Michelle?" I asked stepping out onto the balcony.
"About time Tom," she said eyes glancing at my cock, "you were so long in there I was convinced you were jacking off so I came out here for fun. But I can see by the stiffness of your dick you still have a load for me. You see I have an audience? His cock looks ok from here, now come closer till I suck your big cock!"
I moved to her left and Michelle took my cock in her hand, stroking it while continuing to pleasure her self. Our voyeur stood in his apartment stroking his hairy cock his eyes watching everything. Slowly Michelle wrapped her lips around my shaft, moving my cock further and further into her welcoming mouth. I reached down and fondled a breast.
"Stop Tom! He can't see everything if your hand is there," Michelle ordered before sucking my hard cock. Her right hand continued to play with her pussy, exactly what she was doing I couldn't see.
Suddenly like the cock sucking pro she is, Michelle devoured all 8 inches of my pulsating cock. Back and forward she moved her head, her hand rubbing my balls. I looked over at our voyeur, his left and right hand were wrapped around his cock as her wanked watching us, tugging for all he was worth. My balls began to tighten, my breathing heavier and Michelle knew what was coming. She took my big cock from her mouth and stroked it harder and faster.
"I'm gonna cum,"
Shot after shot exploded from my cock covering her 34c tits. Cum was spread across each breast as she milked the remaining sperm from my cock, rubbing the last of it onto her nipple. My seed was running down her tits, with alot filling her cleavage.
Michelle used her right hand to the a large amount of my cum and rubbed it into her pussy. I sat and watched as Michelle slid three cum covered fingers deep into her tight snatch. The hairless lips making it easy to see each stroke.
All of a sudden Michelle let out deep groan as her fingers slowed. Breathing heavy I knew she had just cum. I looked over to our voyeur, he was gone.
"He came just after you babe, not a big load like yours and it just rolled out of his cock," Michelle filled me in.
With that she got up send went to shower for our second night in Zakynthos.