Thank you so much for the comments and encouragement you people have given me on my first attempt at writing erotic fiction. You are great, and you made my first experience great. This is the second chapter of the series, HouseKeeping. It would be best if you could read first Chapter 1 so you can gain the benefit of knowing the backstory of Chapter 2. This chapter, as is the first chapter, is long on tease and titillation and short on raw sex. If you want a quick jerk-off story, this might not serve your purposes. On the other hand, the story is erotic as hell for those who enjoy erotic tension and voyeuristic pleasures. As always, please feel free to offer any feedback you want. An author always values feedback from his or her readers.
*****
After our time on the couch, we took a long hot shower together. I asked if she would go to dinner with me that night, and she agreed with no hesitation.
"I told you that if I enjoy both your company and your conversation this afternoon, I will invite you out to dinner with me tonight. Well, I confess I enjoyed BOTH your company and your conversation." I smiled and she kissed me lightly on the lips.
So we decided to get dressed and play tourist until we felt hungry enough to eat. I wore my typical jeans and a button down shirt. When Kelsey came out of the bedroom, she was wearing a short sundress in floral colors with spaghetti straps, and sandals with the heels about two inches high. She showed some cleavage, and a lot more leg, as she twirled around to show off. Kelsey was such a sexy woman in her short dress that I had to adjust myself in my jeans just to be able to walk. She giggled at me, looking thrilled that she had caused it.
"Kelsey, you are just going to have to get used to that. You are so beautiful that I have to pinch myself to make sure I am not dreaming. And you are so sexy that I get hard just hearing you talk. So either I make certain adjustments here and there, or I walk around in public with a partial erection looking like I am bragging to everyone about how lucky I am to be with such a sexy woman. Which would you rather it be: partial erection making me walk funny, or adjustments so I am fit for walking around in public?" I waited for her response, but she only kissed me hungrily.
As I let her into the front seat of my car, she flashed more leg than was necessary, looking me in the eyes as she did so. So I took the time to look down her top, enjoying the abundant cleavage on display. She had what seemed to be large C-cup, or maybe small D-cup, boobs, and they were so beautiful that I felt I could never get enough of seeing them. They were soft and yet firm, and they were topped with large nipples
surrounded by areolas that were wide and crinkly. And this afternoon I had discovered that when I licked and sucked on them, the nipples got even larger and harder, and the areolas swelled to stretch the skin tight. I so loved her breasts! She watched me as I looked down her top, and I was almost embarrassed as she caught me. I looked away, but only because I walked to my side of the car and got in.
"Honey, you gave me a choice concerning your erections. Allow me to give you a choice about my boobs. I love the fact that you are attracted to them. And I love the fact that they turn you on. So I want to show them off to you as often as I can, and in any way I can. If we are out in public, please understand that I am showing off for you. I WANT you to be attracted and pleased and even turned on. I don't care what others see; I only care that YOU see. If you can deal with that, then I will wear these clothes tonight. If you would rather not, then tell me and I will dress more conservatively. Just remember, I want YOU to be pleased and happy and thrilled, and I am doing this for YOU. Anyone else around just gets the benefit of a cheap thrill. Is that okay with you?" She paused, waiting for me to respond. It seemed that she was almost sheepish in asking the question, and a little embarrassed by being so open about her body.
"Before I answer," I replied, as I stated the car, "Let me ask a question. Does it turn you on or does it embarrass you that others might see and like what they see?" That was an important question to me and I was very interested in her answer.
Kelsey paused for several seconds, considering her answer. Then she seemed to come to a conclusion, and she turned in her seat toward me to answer. This caused her sundress to hike up even further, showing more leg than before, a fact that was not lost on me.
"I told you I just might get to like this exhibitionist thing. Well, I think I do. I had always thought that the only women who flashed anything of their bodies were either sluts or whores. Now I am not so sure. So I really have no way of answering the question. But when I think of you getting excited by what you see, I get really turned on and I love it! And now that I think of others seeing me, and others seeing you get excited by me, well, just the thought of it makes me wet. So I guess it turns me on that others see you get excited by me, and it must also turn me on that others see the same thing you do and get excited by me. I will need to think about that. But I have to ask you if it angers or disgusts you that I let others see a little skin. I don't want you to look down on me for this. If you want, I will change into my jeans."
"Sweetie, I love that dress, and I love the idea of me being able to get glimpses of your body here and there throughout the afternoon and evening. As long as you don't get arrested, I love looking at whatever you flash. And I don't care what others see, as long as I get to see more. Does that answer your question?"
"Yes." Her answer was quick and firm. "So I am okay in this little dress?" She looked into my eyes with that saucy grin of hers.
"You are AWESOME in that little dress, sweet lady." My answer was just as quick and just as firm.
I put down the top to my Jaguar F-Type convertible. Then I backed out of the garage and headed toward the highway. She turned her shoulders toward the front, leaving her hips turned toward me and allowing her sexy legs to remain on display. And she smiled with satisfaction, looking out the windshield. I grinned, too, looking forward to the next few hours very much.
As we flew down the highway toward the Interstate, and then into town, the wind moved her hair wonderfully. And here and there, the top of her dress was blown open, putting a lot of her boobs on display. Several times, an unexpected wind blew her dress up, showing her sexy legs to me. And usually I caught a glimpse of her panties when this happened. She smiled, and shouted at me, "Are you enjoying this?" I could only smile broadly in response, and nodded without a word. She looked at me, and then with a conspiratorial expression on her face, she reached under her skirt and did something. Then she whipped her hands down to her feet and then up in the air above her. Her lacy white panties flapped in the wind, surprising the two teenagers driving the pickup truck in the lane next to us. She looked at them, and then released her fingers, letting her panties fly away in the wind. The boys howled their appreciation, and honked their horn. Kelsey looked at me in triumph, and I licked my lips in response, needing to make another adjustment with my jeans. For the rest of the trip into downtown Orlando, the wind provided a lot of entertainment for me, and Kelsey never made a move to hide anything. I had to adjust my jeans almost constantly to keep my erection in check. And Kelsey grinned at me each time.
I drove us to the downtown area of Orlando, where there were many small shops and bars. For the next several hours, we played tourist. Kelsey looked in a lot of windows, and stopped every once in a while to purchase something. Once, while we were on the street looking through the windows into a shop, she bent over to look at something. A rogue wind whipped her dress up and onto her back. This put her incredible ass clearly on display for at least a hundred people to see. After a full two seconds, she casually reached back and adjusted her dress to cover herself, while acting as if nothing had happened. When she stood up and looked at me, it was quite obvious that flashing her bare ass had turned her on. I could see that her nipples were so hard they were clearly protruding into and almost through the thin material of her dress.
"Did you like that?" Her voice was quiet, and her eyes were wide open and her nostrils were flared. I could tell her breathing was fast and shallow.
"That was SO HOT!" I exclaimed just as quietly.
A couple of times over several hours, we stopped in one of the many small bars for a drink. She would always sit on one of the high bar stools, which forced her short skirt even higher up her legs. This allowed anyone in the bar to see almost all of her smooth and sexy thighs. She would look at me to see if I noticed, and I always noticed. It really excited me that another couple of inches higher and her curly bush would be on display for everyone to see. Then she would laugh at the expression on my face.
Once, when she was sitting on a high bar stool, she noticed a couple of men sitting at a table watching her intently, obviously enjoying the show she was putting on. She smiled at them and looked at me as if asking me something. I smiled back, and shrugged my shoulders. So she turned back toward the two men, and slowly spread her legs, giving them even more of a show. It was dark enough in the bar that it was doubtful they could really see anything, but the possibility of a view caused one of them to tilt his head as if looking at an angle would improve his view.
This went on all afternoon. Then about 7 o'clock, as it was getting dark, I suggested we head to the restaurant. I had made reservations at 7:30 and I was getting hungry.
Climbing into the car, Kelsey flipped her skirt up, showing her well-groomed bush, and exposing the moist lips almost hidden there. I could see they were dripping with her juices and swollen with her excitement.
"It's all your fault," she told me. "You said you didn't care as long as you could see enough to turn you on." I smiled in agreement as I settled into my side, and took her hand and placed it on my really hard cock.
"It worked," was all I said as I drove to the Japanese restaurant. I had reserved seats for us at one of my two favorite restaurants, what most Americans called a Japanese steakhouse where the food was cooked on the flat grill surface in front of the customers, and served family style. I ate there often enough that the hostess and several of the servers knew me on sight.
When we arrived, Kelsey still had her hand in my lap, and gave my hardness a squeeze before I got out. As I held the door for her, she leaned forward, allowing me a full and complete view of her full breasts all the way to her swollen nipples. They were so erect and hard that I was sure they would poke a hole though the thin fabric of her dress. And I was so hard I just knew that my jeans would not be able to contain me. But we somehow made it inside to the hostess desk exactly on time, and with no obvious clothing malfunctions.
I had requested that we be seated on the end of the table, because I had eaten here many times and I knew the seating structure. At this particular restaurant, the long rectangular tables had seats for two at each end, and then seats for six more along the side of the table right in front of where the chef stood to prepare our meals. The group for our table had been gathering as we arrived, and we were almost immediately led to our table. Kelsey and I were seated on the end, as requested; another couple in their mid-twenties was seated at the far end opposite us, and a family of five was seated along the side. The family had three children, two girls and a boy, and I guessed their ages ranged from about three to about eight years old. The parents appeared to be in their early thirties. I pulled out the chair for Kelsey so she could sit as far as possible from the family, and I sat to her right at the corner. Since I was right-handed with my chopsticks, this allowed my left hand to be free for other activities.
The server recognized me with a smile, and asked for our orders, and I first ordered two glasses ofRelaxRiesling. I had found that the wine was sweet enough to go with the lobster and yet still cut through the soy sauce that smothered almost everything served here. Then I ordered the steak and lobster combo meal for both of us, and requested the upgrade to filet mignon instead of the normal sirloin. I was pretty sure Kelsey had never been served anything like this before, and I was looking forward to her enjoying the meal. In more ways than one!
As we waited for our drinks, I subtly placed my hand on her thigh right at her hemline. We participated in the casual conversation at the table, but my mind was on the soft flesh of the woman next to me. Since she was sitting at the corner away from everyone, I could squeeze her warm thigh without anyone being the wiser. Hidden by the table top, I gently caressed and squeezed and caressed some more. For her part, Kelsey chatted with the other guests as if nothing was going on below the table top. I added what little I needed to add, while letting Kelsey carry most of the load of social mingling. I concentrated on sliding my hand up her thigh a little more, feeling the heat emanating from her pussy and loving it. It took quite some minutes before our lettuce salad with ginger dressing was served, and I used every minute. Without actually making contact with her bush, I came as close as I could. I caressed her inner thigh, stroking the soft skin gently. I stole a glance and saw her eyes were alive and vibrant. I hoped I was stimulating her and not pissing her off, but I was confident she would let me know if I crossed any line.
As our young and very cute Japanese server set the salad bowls in front of us, she glanced down and saw my hand in Kelsey's lap. She hesitated for barely a second, and then flashed a smile first at me and then at Kelsey. She leaned into Kelsey's ear for a few seconds, but I couldn't hear what she said. Then she turned and left for a second glass of wine for us.
I leaned over and whispered, "What did she say?" Kelsey gave me a very sexy smile but didn't answer. I repeated my question, and she gave me an exasperated smile, but still didn't answer. I decided to not bother Kelsey further, and finished my salad.
As the server returned with our refreshed drinks, I noticed that she slipped a second cloth napkin into Kelsey's lap. This time my curiosity overcame my patience, and I had to know what was going on. Kelsey leaned so close I felt her lips brush my ear.
"She said to not make any noise, and to make sure I didn't leave a wet spot on the chair when we left. Then her lips touched my ear for a second, and she left." Kelsey's eyes absolutely glowed when she continued. "I already made a wet spot, and added to it when she kissed my ear." And she giggled. Then she rejoined the table conversation.
Now I was nearly uncontrollable. I absolutely HAD to check on that wet spot. I reached for my wine glass to draw everyone's attention, and I pushed my fingers further up her dress and then down between her thighs to her chair. My fingers came away almost dripping with her juices. There was no question about it: Kelsey was getting very turned on by what we were doing in this public place. I wanted to lick my fingers and taste her so badly, but I just couldn't figure out how to do that without it being obvious to everyone at the table.
While my fingers were still between her thighs, I pressed them against her pussy and felt the heat and the wetness. Just then, the chef walked up, pushing the cart with all our food in front of him. I casually removed my hand, unsure whether or not he had noticed what I was doing. In the mild confusion of his entrance, I took the opportunity to raise my hand to my lips and suck my fingers clean of her juices. As I did this, I heard a noise behind me and looked over my shoulder into the eyes of our server. She looked down at my lap and saw my hardness snaking down my pants leg. She then looked at my wet fingers and smiled.
"Would the gentleman care for a second napkin like the lady?" she asked innocently.
Startled, I paused and looked at Kelsey. She was almost laughing. I looked back at the beautiful young server and saw she was almost laughing, too. So I decided to respond in kind.
"No, thank you. Things here are finger-licking good." This caused all three of us to laugh at this inside joke, even if it wasn't very funny. The server set our new glasses next to our plates and removed the empty glasses without another word.
Through the entire meal, I kept my hand in Kelsey's lap. As I caressed her thighs, I slid my hand a little higher every few moments. By the time the chef was serving our food, I was pressing my fingers against her pussy lips, feeling her wetness trickle down her thighs and onto the chair. I was certain she was making a large puddle there, and was suddenly concerned that she would leave a wet spot on the back of her dress. I bent down in my seat, acting like I was looking for my napkin on the floor near me, and took the opportunity to look closer at Kelsey's skirt. I discovered that she had scrunched her skirt in such a way that her bare ass was sitting on her chair. I had no idea how she had done that without me noticing her adjustment, but somehow she clearly had solved the problem of any potential wet spot on the material of her dress.
When I "found" my napkin under her chair, I straightened up and went back to eating and playing. Now I moved my fingers right up to her dripping lips, and softly stroked her wetness. She subtly spread her legs slightly, allowing me better access. I took this as approval, and slipped a finger inside her. She was so wet that my finger slipped in as far as it could go. As her lips parted to allow my finger inside, what seemed like a flood of her juices was released and dribbled to her chair. I almost came right there. I moved my finger in and out for a couple of minutes, finger fucking her as she ate. Thankfully, I had been here often enough that I could easily handle my chopsticks with my right hand, and I allowed my left hand to play even more aggressively. I pushed a second finger into her, and fucked her with both of them. She was so wet that I tried a third finger and found she accommodated it with ease. I stroked the inside of her pussy for several minutes, and then pushed for her G-spot. She subtly jerked, and moaned more loudly than she intended.
"This food is so good!" she declared with feeling. Everyone at the table agreed and went back to eating, and the chef looked at her. Apparently her words covered her exclamation.
"I am so glad you are enjoying yourself tonight. Do you think you will come again?" His eyes had a glint in them as he smiled.
"This was my first time, but maybe I can cum again later." Kelsey's dark brown eyes matched his glint, as she squirmed only slightly, and then quietly moaned again. To cover her sounds, she stuffed more food in her mouth and made more appreciative glances all around the table. As I looked, the children appeared to have no idea what was going on just a few feet from them, and the parents seemed totally occupied with their kids. But as I glanced at the young couple sitting across from us, I was sure they knew what I was doing under the table. While I was looking at them, the woman obviously reached into the man's lap. His eyebrows went up to his hairline, and then he smiled. When he saw me watching, he winked at me.We are having an effect on them, I thought for a moment. Just then, Kelsey set her glass down hard. I looked at her and saw that her eyes were squeezed tightly closed, her jaw firmly clenched. My fingers were squeezed tightly by her inner muscles, and I could tell she was cumming again. After a few seconds, she seemed to relax, and I let my fingers slip out of her wet tunnel and lightly stroked her pussy lips. I marveled at what we had just done, and I could not believe how much it turned me on!
As our chef finished cleaning his cooking area and thanked his nine guests, he turned to Kelsey and smiled.
"I hope you can come again," he quietly said, as his smile broadened.
"I am counting on it," Kelsey said, somewhat breathless in her reply. I subtly offered her my napkin but she ignored me. The server arrived with the checks for her customers, and smiled at Kelsey as she placed the check between us. I left more than enough money on the table to cover the bill and a large tip, and we stood to leave. As we walked out of the room, I let her proceed in front of me, and I could see her juices dripping down the inside of her thigh. And she made no move to hide the shiny liquid.