We used to carpool. I miss those days. My wife, Olivia, had been forced to commute to a different Sales Office in Santa Fe for the last five months, and had gotten home late again.
Since graduation from Stanford – her in Business and I in I.T. – and our marriage and move to Albuquerque, we had both been working for a large I.T. company based in New Mexico. We had both been moving up in the company for the last fifteen years and had, until recently, been able to work in the same campus. We carpooled, had lunch together, spent as much time together as we could; we're in love.
Five months ago, that changed, and I'm pretty sure I know why. I remember the first time I met him; Ricardo. Olivia and I were at a company Holiday Party. Not black-tie, but one of the top hotels in town, evening wear, dancing, a nice buffet, and a D.J., like big companies seem to have to do every year.
Ricardo was working the room. Once you've met one of these short, machismo-soaked guys, you've met them all; all women want him, he's sexier than any other man, and it's just a matter of time until he'll be fucking your significant other. It's not about attraction for him, it's about conquest. His deep-seeded insecurities about being 5'5" and a glad-handing ladder-climber must be assuaged by meaningless sexual conquests and petty office politics.
Olivia and I were dancing, and Ricardo was circling the dancefloor like a shark circling a school of fish, sizing up the women and deciding who he would get into his room that night. Olivia had been a diver in college, and has kept her 5'10" frame long and lean with yoga ever since. Her chestnut hair was down to her shoulders at the time, the curls in front accenting her 34C breasts in the form-fitting dress she was wearing. Her pale, blue eyes pop under that dark hair, and she's athletic and model-pretty. I'm a lucky guy.
I saw over her shoulder as he locked in on her lean legs and her heart-shaped ass. We turned, and he must have enjoyed the rest because he had stopped. When I was again facing him, he was now evaluating me. Olivia is hot enough that I've been the recipient of this gaze a thousand times. The end result is almost always, "She could trade up." These pricks always discount our friendship, love, mutual respect, common interests, and shared history when they size me up. I'm not classically handsome or in possession of rugged good looks. I'm fit – I was a swimmer at Stanford, that's how we met – but I'm not ripped or even really muscular. I'm a tech nerd with a grower, not a shower. Easy prey, they think.
The song ended and we moved toward our table. Ricardo maneuvered himself to "casually" run into one of his colleagues. She's tall, and I'm taller at 6'2", and it was almost comical watching this runt standing in our shadow, trying to make small talk.
"It's Olivia, right," he asked extending his hand. "Ricardo Camarón, Regional Sales up in Santa Fe." Olivia shook his hand politely.
"Yes, Olivia," she replied. "This is my husband, Greg." He was still shaking her hand and barely acknowledged I was there. Olivia pulled her hand away. What a creep.
"Hi, Rick," I said, making a point of shortening his name. I knew these guys hated that shit. "Greg, I.T." He brusquely shook my hand and refocused on Olivia, but I wasn't done. "Doesn't Camarón mean shrimp?" Olivia smiled and hid a burst of laughter behind a cough. Ricardo glared at me, but started talking shop with my wife. I knew this guy was going to hit on her, but had no chance; no guy ever did. I excused myself to get drinks to give her the chance to politely shoot him down.
Ricardo was the Regional Sales Manager, so he was technically her boss' boss. She was a talented salesperson and knew office politics. She would handle it deftly. It turned out later that I had been the one to cross a line.
Olivia found me a few minutes later, rolling her eyes as she approached me. We shared a laugh at his ham-handed approach, had a few more drinks and dances, and retired to our room. As we usually did in fancy hotels, we had sex before going to sleep. Now, I understate it because sex with Olivia is great, but not exactly the stuff of men's fantasies. Don't get me wrong; Olivia is gorgeous and passionate and responsive and even a little aggressive once in a while, but she was raised in a pretty conservative family.
We fool around, make love, have sex, even fuck once in a blue moon, but it took a year of missionary before I could get her doggy-style. She wouldn't even put her hands on my cock for two years. Despite how much she enjoys when I go down on that fine, little pussy, she won't return the favor. No dirty talk. No spice. I wouldn't trade her for any other woman I've ever met, but she could be a little more adventurous in the bedroom.
After the holidays had passed, Olivia was reassigned to the Santa Fe office, working directly with Ricardo. Technically, it was a promotion without a pay raise, so she didn't exactly want to turn it down, but it would make her days longer, and we would both lose our regular lunch dates; And no more carpooling. She took to audiobooks to keep her company during the drive time.
It only took a few weeks before Olivia was calling to tell me about complaints she was receiving about her performance, or coming home in tears because she thought she might not be good enough for the increased responsibilities. She and I both graduated with honors from Stanford. I knew that her brains and talent were more than enough to handle anything she was assigned to do up there. So I supported her, consoled her, and did my best to help her navigate the new waters she was in. But I knew what was coming.
Another few weeks of the same bullshit from Ricardo went by before she told me one day he had made another pass at her. I swear to God, I wanted to kick that little fucker right in the taint. Olivia now suspected what I knew; that her transfer had been a pretense to see her more without me around. He thought if his mere presence wasn't enough to seduce her, that the old "we can keep your bad performance off the books" sexual harassment would do the trick.
Ricardo was slick. He hadn't been so overt that she could really file a complaint, especially since she had already received some low-level paperwork about her performance; it would look like she was trying to retaliate. But, being an I.T. guy myself, I knew we could find a tech solution. I suggested several things, and we ended up getting her a little spy-cam built into a pendant. She just might catch that sawed-off prick saying the wrong thing.
Her job didn't get any better over the next month, but as far as I knew, it wasn't getting any worse. She still got unwarranted complaints about stupid little things, and had become so frustrated with the commute and Ricardo's crap that she had been scouring the internet for another comparable job. I was afraid she was somehow achieving a status-quo with the Dick-less Wonder, and I missed my best friend. Now, though, at least here she was, a little later than normal, but home for the weekend and in a decent mood.
"I'm gonna jump in the shower," she told me as she was kicking off her heels and letting her hair down. "I wanna go out tonight." She unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it in the hamper. God, she was still hot.
"You need any help in the shower," I asked her. She smiled over her shoulder as she slipped her skirt down over that tight ass and her long legs, revealing that gap between her thighs she worked so hard to keep. Her everyday panties clung to every curve.
"Not this time," she demurred. "It's just a quick rinse." She undid her modest bra and those perfect tits bounced out. "Go get dressed and pour me a glass of wine." I was waiting to see her completely naked before I left, but she was shooing me out. "And dress up. I want fancy food."
She pushed me out of the bedroom and closed the door. I went into the den and opened a Cabernet, poured it into a decanter to let it breathe, and set out two glasses. I came back to the bedroom and heard the muffled sound of water in the shower. I opened the door and saw she had closed the bathroom door. So much for a peek before dinner. I went into the walk-in closet and picked out a nice pair of slacks, a dress shirt, sport coat, belt and dress shoes. I had the feeling she didn't want me to see her get ready, so I took my outfit and went to change in the den.
Thinking about my hot wife in the shower as I undressed was already interfering with the process. Imagining the warm water running over her tits, down over her tight tummy with the belly-ring she had gotten for me a couple years ago, into her pubes and down her long legs, her hands rubbing little soap bubbles all over smooth tan skin. But, like I said before, I have a grower, not a shower. When I'm limp, I shrivel up quite a bit. I don't know if it was all those years in the pool wearing a Speedo, or what, but it's not very impressive compared to all the other junk I've seen.
Right now, however, I had a full-on erection thinking about her and I had to work to get my 8" bone out of my jeans to change clothes. Just to see if I still could, I hung my jeans off of my cock; Still barely any deflection. Cold-rolled steel; a cat couldn't scratch it. I slipped off my work polo and threw it over the back of the sofa with my jeans and poured the wine. After a glass and some random thoughts about work, I was able to get dressed.
I found a chair that faced the bedroom door and sat, wondering which of her nice dresses she would choose. Olivia was attractive, and always looked good when we went out, but it was never anything like club-wear or the like. She didn't need to draw any more attention than she normally got from people. She was classy and reserved out in public.
The door finally cracked open and she peeked out.
"You ready," she asked. I could see she had done her hair and makeup, but nothing else. "Ooh, you look nice." She stepped back from the door and said, "I hope you like this." She opened the door and I almost had a heart attack.
Olivia was wearing the proverbial little black dress. It was made of some sort of shimmering, stretch fabric, cut way up high on her thighs, and it caught the light as she slowly turned around. It was backless and plunged down far enough for me to see the little dimples on her lower back. It had a slit up the back of the lower hem that promised all kinds of salacious views under the wrong circumstances. Her black pumps were higher than I'd ever seen on her. She was tall enough to never need more than flats, but they had to be at least four inches, and they did marvelous things to her calves and her ass.
It took me a second to realize she was wearing stockings. They were very sheer, with a tiny lace and sequin design up the outside of her legs. She never wore stockings, and I was pretty sure she didn't even own a pair of nylons. She finished her slow turn and I could see the lack of bra was not having any effect on how good her tits looked in that thing. Dressmakers are wizards. The neckline had a medium plunge to it, going down a few inches below her bust line, showing off all of her glorious cleavage. I could make out her belly-ring under the clingy fabric.
Her hair was teased and tousled into a mane around her face. She had done a marvelous job on her eye makeup, worthy of a porn star. She had finished the effect with dark, almost black lip gloss. I was stunned, to say the least. She looked at me with a hopeful smile.
"Do you like it," she asked, almost desperate for my approval. "It's not too much is it?"
"My God, Liv," I gasped. "I've never seen anything so...hot!" She clapped her hands together like a little girl, and made a happy little noise.
"I was afraid you wouldn't approve," she said, coming over to me as I rose out of my chair. She gave me a tight hug and came away, her eyes glistening with happiness. "Look. I'm as tall as you, now." She kissed me on the cheek and squeezed me again, clearly relieved at my reaction. I returned her embrace and rocked her side to side.
"No, you look fantastic," I spoke quietly in her ear. "I've imagined you like this, but the reality is, well, more than I could ever have hoped for."
"Oh!" She pulled back and looked down at the growing bulge in my pants. "I guess so." She looked back up at me with appreciation, but pulled up short. "Oh, crap. Hold still. I got lipstick on you." She went over to the bar and grabbed a towel, then returned to wipe at the black mark on my cheek. Having her fuss over me like she was my mom was mostly enough to reverse my growing cock.
"What's the occasion," I asked her as she walked back over to the bar to get her wine. Her ass was more amazing than ever with those heels and that short, slit dress. I could see the tops of the nylons just a few inches above the dress. Holy fuck. "And where did you get this outfit?"
"We're celebrating, but it's a surprise," she answered. "And I went online for the dress. The rest I picked up last weekend when I was running errands." She looked almost guilty at having deceived me. She sipped her wine tried to look innocent, but the outfit was completely preventing that. "Is it okay?"
"Baby, it's more than okay," I told her. "It's perfect." That seemed to relax her a little. "Liv, you know I think you're the most beautiful woman I've ever met, but this...Damn, woman! You could be on a magazine cover or something." She finished her glass and poured two more, killing the bottle.
"Like, those grocery store tabloids," she asked as she crossed and handed me my wine, "or like, I don't know,Penthouse?" I nearly choked on my wine. My conservative little wife had been expanding her horizons a bit. Now she was a jaw-dropping hottie talking about adult magazines.
"What do you know aboutPenthouse," I asked her when I had recovered.
"I know it's got cute girls that dress like this," she said thrusting out her hip and her tits, showing off her amazing body. "And then they take it off and do... other things." She was clearly having difficulty with this new portion of her vocabulary. "But don't you worry about that right now," she said. "I'm hungry. Let's go. But I have a present for you first." She fetched a new little clutch from the bedroom and handed me a little, black object that looked like a key fob.
"What's this," I asked her, puzzling over the device. It didn't have the normal icons for any remote I had ever seen; just four buttons in a square layout, two with plus signs, and two with minus signs below those.
"It's another surprise," she teased. "The more you play with the buttons, the sooner you'll find out. But I don't want you to find out too soon." She leveled those smoldering, blue eyes at me. "How much patience do you have?"
In the car, Olivia was giving me a nice view of her long legs and making it difficult to concentrate on the road. She told me we had reservations at one of the premier, upscale steakhouses in town. They ran the whole place like a speak-easy from the thirties; there was barely any signage, and you needed a password to get past the huge bodyguard leering at you through an eye-slot. He wore a vintage suit and used an over-the-top mobster accent to let you know there would be no tolerance for any cops or guns. The atmosphere was great; all deep red wall coverings, black leather upholstery, and oil paintings of famous gangsters. A piano tinkled gently in another room.
The food and service were better.
We were shown to a very private corner booth by the hostess, and our server took our drink orders almost immediately. I had managed to avoid the remote she had given me while I was driving, but as we perused the menu, I couldn't resist any more. I snuck a hand into my pocket and pressed one of the buttons, seeing if I could discern what would happen. Olivia sat up a little and cooed over the menu, her eyes never leaving it.
I had a suspicion of what the remote might be, but I could never imagine Olivia going that far. I left the remote alone for now and decided what I would order. Olivia was biting her lip, as if torn between the amazing choices of entrees. Her nipples were straining against the shimmering, black fabric of her dress.
"What're you gonna have," I asked her, playing along. "It all looks so good."
"It's very good," she purred. "The one I'm thinking about right now is amazing, but I may want to try something else." She looked away from the menu and squeezed my thigh under the table. "Maybe you can help me choose." There was no question in my mind now. I found the fob again and pressed the other plus button. Olivia's eyelids closed halfway, and her eyes lost focus as she gripped my thigh even harder. I looked quickly out into the dimly lit room to see if anyone had noticed, but only saw the server returning with our drinks. I pressed both minus buttons and her grip lessened immediately. She blinked her eyes rapidly and took in a deep breath, her tits rising and falling in one heavy sigh.
"Have you decided," the server asked as Olivia regained her composure. I ordered for both of us, as I often did at the fancy joints, and Olivia seemed thankful for the chivalry. She took a sip of her drink as the server left, and seemed to have recovered almost completely.
"I think I know what my little gift does," I said quietly to her. She looked longingly at me.
"Oh, you do, do you?" She licked her lips and leaned in a little. "You only pressed those buttons a couple times; I could tell."
"Well, I am pretty smart, you know," I replied in a confident tone.
"Cute, smart, and funny," she said in her familiar mantra. "That's what I tell everybody."
I leaned in and kissed her, as any loving couple would do at a romantic restaurant, but I slipped my hand in between her legs and felt for her pussy. She obliged by parting her legs a little wider. There was some sort of panty, that was as wet as I had anticipated, but where her clit would normally be, there was something different laying vertically over it. The kiss lingered and my fingers traced lower toward her opening. The hard object took a sudden curve and disappeared into her. Olivia moaned softly into our kiss as my fingers probed around her pussy lips.
She broke off the kiss and I casually pulled my wet fingers out from between her legs. She scooched away on the bench, smiling at me with a mischievous look.
"I have to go to the powder room," she said as she stood and smoothed out her dress. "It might be a few minutes." She grabbed her clutch, winked at me, turned, and switched her ass away toward the restrooms. I couldn't believe this was my wife. We had never even spoken about adult toys, and now she had a remote-control vibrator in her snatch and wanted me to get her off in the bathroom; a public bathroom!
I tried to get my cock a little more comfortable in my pants as I counted to sixty in my head. Was this about to happen? You're damn right, it was. I pulled the fob out and studied the buttons again. I figured it was one set on one side to control her clit, and the other two were for her G-spot. She was normally loud enough when she came to turn me on, but she had kept quiet on a couple occasions when she thought someone might hear. This might work out.
I started playing with the buttons on the fob, alternating between increasing the level of one or the other every 15 to 20 seconds. She had been pretty worked up already, so I didn't think it would take too long for her to climax. I was wondering how I would know to turn it off when my phone chirped with a text message;THX BABY!I mashed the minus buttons as many times as I thought would turn it off. She couldn't very well walk back in here with her pussy vibrating.
Another couple of minutes passed before Olivia emerged, looking spectacular as she had before. There was a nice glow about her, and she seemed relaxed and confident. She seemed to be walking fine. My hot wife sat and kissed me, immediately reaching under the table and stroking my hard cock through my slacks. This was so unlike her, I could barely comprehend it. I began to wonder how I would manage to walk out of the restaurant. She lingered only for a few seconds before breaking away.
"I've never been so turned on for you, Baby," she whispered in my ear. It was all I could do to keep from laying Olivia on the table and fucking her right there.
"So, the toy," I inquired, "I take it you got off?"
"Oh, yeah," she smiled. "Having you in another room, randomly controlling my...my pussy like that. I nearly chewed a hole in my clutch to keep from screaming."
"Is it still, you know, in?"
"No," she replied, patting her little black purse. "That part of tonight is complete." I gave the fob back to her, and she tucked it into her purse. I couldn't help but imagine what more there could be, but the server was returning with our food, and the conversation was replaced by dining and drinking. I avoided bringing up her work so as not to alter her mood. Eventually my raging hard-on subsided to a manageable level.
We had dessert – strawberries that she ate in a very seductive manner – and I paid the check. I carried my coat in front of the bulge still lingering in my pants as we left. I wanted to get her home as soon as possible, but she told me she had to pick up some papers from the sales office while we were in the area, so I swung by the company campus where my building was; where she used to work before Santa Fe.
I parked in the vacant lot, and we used our key-cards to enter the building. Dim lights in the lobby and security lights in the halls were enough to allow us to navigate. Olivia led me to the elevator and punched the button for the third floor. I didn't work in this particular building, but I had been in it enough to know the sales offices were on two; only managers and other executives were on three. She was curiously quiet as we rode up.
"You still haven't told me why we're celebrating," I said. "Not that I need a reason, so far." The elevator chimed and the doors opened.
"You'll know in just a second," she said. We exited and walked through a nice reception area, turned down the hall, and I realized where we were going.
"Wait," I said, tentatively. "Isn't this where Ricardo's Albuquerque office is?" She turned and flashed a shit-eating grin. "What the hell, Liv? You can't even get in there without access."
We got to the door and she pulled her card out, flashed it at me like it was a weapon, and then swiped it past the reader. I watched in wonder as the light turned green and the mag-lock clicked over. I stepped back a pace and looked at the placard next to the door, but where I expected to see 'Ricardo Camerón, District Sales Manager' there was nothing. She grabbed my hand and led me into the dimly lit room. The motion sensors turned on the tasteful up-lighting.
"Baby, this is dangerous," I cautioned her as she pulled me over the desk that overlooked a panoramic view of the city street below. "I helped design the security for all of these buildings. They're going to know you were in here" Olivia was smug and silent as she sat me down in the chair and waved her card past the monitor. The machine woke up displaying the desktop. Centered in the screen was an icon for a video file, named 'Shrimp'.
"Open it," she said. I looked at her in bewilderment, all thoughts of the sexual tension that had been building not fifteen minutes ago gone, buried by visions of getting fired or maybe even arrested.
I clicked the link and a window opened, the video queuing for a second before the upper half of Ricardo's image appeared in odd, fish-eye camera shot appeared.
"Look, Olivia,"he was saying,"You're in a lot of trouble, and I can bring the fucking hammer down!"
"Mr. Camerón, I'm not sure what you expect me to do. I've been meeting my sales goals and meeting all of your deadlines."It was obviously a recording of that shit-head being recorded by her pendant camera. It was fascinating watching his eyes repeatedly flick down right at the camera as she spoke. Then I remembered the pendant hung in her cleavage. Ass hole.
"I could give a shit about that crap! This place could burn to the ground for all I care. These idiots listen to me, 'cause I get results. If you think they care about anything but that, you're as stupid as you are hot."
I was agape. I looked over at Olivia as she watched the video, standing proudly with her hands on her hips like Wonder Woman.
"But Mr. Camerón, I still don't know what you want from me."
"I want you! How can you be this naïve? I want to shove my cock in your mouth and have you deepthroat me until I blow my wad all over those titties! I want to fuck your cunt until you squirt like a fucking geyser! I want to cram my cock in your ass and have you moan like a whore!"
My blood pressure was climbing as I watched this little prick talk to my wife like that. I was going to strangle the living shit out of him if I ever saw him.
"Mr. Camerón! That's sexual harassment! I'll file a complaint with H.R."
"It's your word against mine, you stupid cunt. You're gonna let me do all those things – everything – or I'll keep trashing your record until I have to fire you."
The camera angle shifted as Olivia must have stood up behind her desk.
"I don't think it's going to work out that way."
"Oh, really? You think you can beat me? I know how this game works! Tina over in personnel, what's her name in facilities, the blonde with the enormous rack, all of them; I always win."
Behind Ricardo in the shot, a uniformed security guard appeared just inside her door.
"Ma'am. You called for security?"
Ricardo slicked back his hair and tried to calm himself.
"Stand by just a second,"she said to him. She stepped around her desk a little closer to Ricardo."Mr. Cameron,"she said in a quieter voice as her hand briefly appeared very close to the camera,"this is a camera and I've recorded this entire conversation."
A look of horror took over his features as his eyes flicked back and forth between the camera and her face.
"This video is going to H.R., and Corporate, and the police. You're through raping women."He looked back at the security guard nervously and began to sweat."The only man,"she continued in a hushed voice, leaning in over him,"who's going to do those things to me, is my husband, Greg."Olivia moved back behind her desk, leaving Ricardo stunned."Mr. Camerón,"she said to the security guard,"had some security concerns he wanted to discuss with you. Could you please go with him up to his office?"
The security guard waited for a second while Ricardo dithered. Ricardo glared at Olivia with seething hatred before finally turning and retreating out of the office. The video ended and I sat back in the comfy chair, my mind reeling with the implications of what I'd just seen.
"When did this happen," I asked her, still trying to gather data and digest it all.
"Just a few days after you got me the pendant," she said. "About four weeks, now, I guess."
"And H.R. handled it?"
"They watched the video," she said. "They had him detained as he tried to leave the building. He was handed over to the police a couple of hours later." She walked around and sat up on the edge of the desk as I digested the story. "I think he's still in jail."
"So this office belongs to..."
"Corporate decided I was the best replacement for that bastard," she beamed. "Starting Monday, I'm the District Sales Manager." Olivia smiled down at my dawning comprehension. "I convinced them the job could be done better from Albuquerque."
I stood and nestled in between her legs to give her a big hug. I could hardly believe how it had all worked out. No wonder we were celebrating. I was going to get my lunch date back. I broke the hug and gave her a kiss.
"Why didn't you tell me," I asked her.
"I wanted to surprise you," she said.
"Well, you did," I said. But something still nagged at me. I stepped back out of my wife's embrace to take it all in. "But that doesn't explain all...this," I said, waving my hands to encompass her transformation.
"When he said all those things to me," Olivia said, "detailed all those sex things he wanted to do to me, I hadn't even imagined most of that stuff." She seemed a little embarrassed. "So I started searching through all the audio books for information about, well, sex." A slow dawning came over me.
"And you found a lot, didn't you?" I smiled, realizing where she had found out about vibrators and God knows what else.
"At first, it was a little overwhelming," she said. "But I had a couple of hours each day to listen to stories while I was driving." She scooted her ass closer to the edge of the desk. "It started to turn me on, and I wanted to keep the promise I had made." I could see up her short skirt now. The sheer black stockings were the type that didn't need garters, the dark black band held them up her on her smooth, toned legs.
"What promise," I asked. She opened her legs a little further as she hiked up her skirt all the way. She had shaved her pussy nearly bald. There was a small tuft of wispy, dark hair left above her slit shaped like a heart.
"The promise when I told that...prick," she said, testing the profanity she normally avoided, "that the only man who was going to do those things to me, was you." She flipped the front of her dress down, exposing her tits, and leaned back on her elbows. I could feel my excitement returning. She drew her legs back and spread her legs wide open, exposing her pussy to me.
I sat down in the chair and slid forward to marvel at her smooth pussy lips. I spread her further open with my fingers, massaging her lips and I could see her getting wet again.
"Mmmm," she purred as I moved in closer. "You like that, don't you, Baby" She had never spoken like this during sex. In fact, she mostly just moaned and grunted. "I want you to stick your tongue in there. I wanna cum on your face." I'm not sure I had ever been so hard.
I plunged my face in greedily, like a dying man finally finding an oasis in the desert. She grabbed my head with one hand as I waggled around, running my tongue up and down in her pussy, flicking it into her hole, and nuzzling her clit.
"Oh, fuck, Baby," she yelled. "Your tongue is so fucking good in my pussy." I couldn't believe how hot the sound of Olivia talking dirty was getting me. I squeezed her clit with one hand and slipped fingers from the other into her cunt, finding her engorged G-spot. She released my head and drew her knees up to her chest, giving me full access to her.
"You wanna cum," I said as I worked my fingers in and out, "I'll make you cum." Her clit was swollen and her juices were starting to flow, as my glistening fingers kept pumping. I dove back in, lapping up her sweet juices as I drove her toward orgasm. Other than the talking, this was familiar territory for us.
"Fuck, yes!" Her volume was rising and she was grinding her pussy back against my hands and face. "Shit, Baby! Yes! Oh, God, yes! Right there." I was usually able to get her to have her first orgasm when I went down on her, but she was never this enthusiastic.
"Cum for me, baby." I coaxed her on as I finger-fucked her, now rubbing my fingers fast over her swollen clit. "I want you to cum on my face." Olivia's hands were on her tits, mashing and pinching as she bucked and writhed. Her body started to tense up, her abs flexing a she got closer.
"Oh, God, Greg! Yes, yes, yes," she was yelling as I felt her pussy start to spasm. I pulled my ramming fingers out and jammed my tongue into her hole. "Fuck me, oh shit! Shit! Shit!" She had her first squirt with my face buried in her twat. I almost came in my pants right there. Her legs clamped against the sides of my head and she grabbed my hair, holding on for dear life as she rode through the hard climax. I kept lapping at her as the warm fluid spurt a few times more with her contractions.
Once her orgasm was subsiding, I slipped my fingers back in and gently massaged her G-spot as she came back down. She unclamped my head and lay back again, having little involuntary shivers run through her as I gently rubbed and licked her.
"My fucking God," she finally said after she caught her breath. "I wasn't even certain that was real. Jesus, that felt good."
"To tell you the truth," I said as I withdrew and sat back in the chair, "neither was I." I began to remove my wet shirt as she managed to sit up. "I've seen videos, but you never know if they're faking it or what."
She got down off the desk, undid the zipper on the side of her dress, and slipped it off onto the floor. She reached out and helped me with the shirt.
"What the fuck," she exclaimed as she saw how wet it was. "Where does that all come from?" She tossed it aside and began undoing my belt. "Your turn, lucky man." She got my pants undone and pulled them off, leaving me in my briefs with a tent pole. She knelt down in between my legs and began rubbing at my balls and caressing my cock through the fabric. I had fantasized about this for almost twenty years, and now my gorgeous, sexy wife was getting ready to blow me for the first time. My cock strained against the fabric, wanting to be free.
"Are you sure, Liv?" She looked up at me with those bright blue eyes. "Don't do anything you don't want to." She seemed to consider it for few seconds, rubbing both palms up and down the sides.
"I made a promise," she said. "Besides, your cock seems to want it pretty bad."
I was ruined for life. She pulled the waist band up and over my erection, and I wiggled a bit to let her pull them down a bit. Olivia smiled up at me, watching my face as she took my cock in her hand and kissed the tip. The sensation was electric. She kissed her way down my length along the underside, watching me the whole time, a glimmer in her eyes. Her other hand found my balls and began kneading them.
Olivia opened her mouth and licked slowly up my shaft. It twitched and throbbed against her tongue. I was doing everything I could not to jizz right that second. She licked a few more times up the shaft like she was eating an ice cream cone that was melting. Olivia finally took the head in her mouth and sucked on it like a lollipop. She stroked the shaft with her hand for a while with it in her mouth, and I didn't think I could hold out too long.
"God, Liv," I moaned, "that feels so good." She pulled off and licked at it a few times.
"You like your cock in my mouth, Baby?" She put her mouth a little further down and bobbed a couple times before pulling out again. "I want your hot cum in my mouth, Greg." She was stroking a little faster now, the glorious friction driving me closer. She went down on my cock even further, about half way now, one hand clamped at the base holding it out for her, the other stroking along with her suckling lips and tongue.
"Fuck, yeah," I moaned. "Ohhh, suck that cock, Liv." My nuts were completely pulled up and my feet were tingling. "I'm gonna cum, Baby. Yeah. Yeah. Don't stop. Oh, fuck!" She looked at me with her pretty blue eyes, bobbing furiously on my cock, and that was it. "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" She pulled to where just the head was still in her mouth and stroked as I emptied my load into her waiting mouth. The first shot surprised her, and she coughed around my cock a little, but she stayed at it and suckled the hot semen out and swallowed convulsively as I came.
The head of my cock was so sensitive it almost hurt. Every little movement of her tongue and lips make me twitch. I put my hands in her hair and caressed her as she stayed down there, sucking and licking and cleaning for a minute or two. She finally pulled away, grinning like she'd won a kewpie doll at the fair.
"I love you so much, Liv." She smiled and stood up, leaning back against the desk, looking down at me in victory. Her standing there, naked except for those pumps and sexy black stocking, her hair a little disheveled, but still beautiful, her nipples standing out hard on her perfect tits; there was no way we were done. I might not ever lose my erection again.
"I guess you liked it," she said, a little cocky now. "I wasn't sure I would be any good at it."
"Best. Blowjob. Ever," I told her. She slapped at my knee.
"You've never had a blowjob, butt-head," she laughed. "How would you know?"
"Because it was your best blowjob ever, too," I told her. "How often does that happen?" She scrunched up her face, considering the logic.
"I guess you're right," she said, conceding the point. "It wasn't what I thought it would taste like."
"Yeah? Not so horrible you might do it again sometime," I asked. She got a devilish grin on her face.
"I'm pretty sure we'll do that again," she said. "In fact, it looks like you could be ready for another right now." She was right. My cock was still standing erect, and I didn't feel like I was done.
"It's your celebration, Baby. What's next?" She grabbed her clutch from the desk, grabbed my hand, pulled me out of the chair, and led me over to the window. She stood looking out over downtown like she had never really seen it before. I nuzzled in behind her, placing my cock against her ass crack and fondling her tits. We could see lights in a few windows in offices and hotel rooms here and there, but she didn't seem to care at all that we might be seen.
She finally broke the embrace and turned to face me. She gave me a deep passionate kiss before pushing me back a step. She opened her clutch and pulled out the vibrator from the restaurant. I could see it was light blue, shaped like a V, and one of the ends was round and bulbous like a giant, swollen thumb. She placed that end in her mouth and lubed it up, her smoldering, blue eyes holding my attention the whole time.
Once it was good and wet, she spread her legs leaning back against the window, and traced the toy down her taut body, finally working it into her pussy. She stood up again, wiggling a little to settle the toy in place, before grabbing her clutch again. She came out with the fob and a little bottle, keeping the fob and handing me the bottle.
I looked down at the label as she slowly turned around. It read,Relax: Desensitizing Anal Lube.By the time my brain could register what I saw, Olivia had bent over and placed her hands against the window, her bare ass thrust up toward me, her long legs spread wide. I could see the blue vibrator buried in her pussy, the other lobe running up to her clit.
"Fuck me in the ass, Greg," she was pleading. "I want you to fuck me until I moan like a whore, Baby."
That removed all the lingering doubt in my mind. I popped the cap and dribbled the lube down the crack of Olivia's ass. She cooed and I heard the vibrator come on, flicking little droplets of lube off as I continued soaking her crack with the slippery stuff. I squirted a good amount down the length of my cock and into my palm. Setting aside the bottle, I lubed up with one hand while working the lube slowly into my wife's tight little ass hole.
I knew she'd never done anything close to this and I didn't want to hurt her, so I went slowly. I worked the first digit of one slimy finger past her tight muscle. She was alternating between trying to let me in and involuntarily contracting. I let her adjust at each step, ensuring the lube was getting into her ass, slowly going deeper until that finger was moving easily in and out.
"Mmmm, yeah." She purred. "That's it, Baby. That feels good. Stick it my ass, Greg. Yeah."
I moved up to two fingers and she slowly relaxed and accommodated them as I worked them slowly in and out. I was feeling the slight numbness on my shaft as I stroked it with my other hand, occasionally dripping extra lube down her ass. The vibrator ramped up another level, and Olivia was really starting to enjoy herself.
"You want my cock in your ass, huh," I teased her. "You better beg, Baby."
"Oh, fuck," she pleaded. "I need you so much, Baby. Please put that big cock in my ass, Greg. Fuck me, Baby." Her head was moving back and forth, her hair flying and her hips wiggling against my fingers. I pulled out my fingers and placed the head of my cock against her ass hole. She moaned her pleasure and I pushed gently, driving the fat head slowly into her. She held her ground and pushed back, finally easing the head past her last resistance.
"Oh, shit!" Olivia's head dropped down and her ass clenched down on my cock.
"You okay, Liv?" I didn't want her to regret trying this.
"Mm, hmm. Yeah," she managed. "Jesus, it's big. Go slow, baby. Slow. Jesus." Neither of us moved for a minute, and I felt her relaxing slowly. The feeling of the vibrator through her pussy onto the head of my cock was exciting. I stroked my fingers up from her pussy lips into her ass crack, ensuring the lube was not being wasted. She finally relaxed and pushed back a little, lifting her head again. The view of that perfect ass bent over, with her long legs in those stockings, and the head of my cock buried in her ass was surreal.
"Okay," she panted. "Just; slow, Baby."
I began to increase the depth a half an inch at a time, letting her set the pace, ensuring she was used to the new sensation before going deeper. After a few minutes of this, half of my rock-hard cock was smoothly moving in and out of my wife's ass. Olivia started moaning and letting out little grunts and squeaks of pleasure. I caught her face in the reflection of the glass, licking and biting her lower lip in pleasure, her eyes squinted closed in concentration. Something caught my eye and I noticed movement across the street. Several people were watching us now, including a couple in a hotel room. She was bouncing up and down in his lap so they could both watch us as they fucked.
"You've got a fan club, Liv." She opened her eyes and noted the people watching. She looked at them for a few strokes worth, and suddenly pushed back all the way onto my cock, taking the last four inches, impaling herself with a load moan. I grabbed her hips and held her there.
"Jealous motherfuckers," she screamed at the glass. "You wish you were me!" I could feel her heat all around me, her ass clenching around my cock. The vibrator was thrumming along the bottom of my shaft as she had another orgasm. Her knees almost buckled, but I supported her and held her as she came.
"Oh, fuck yes," she yelled. "Oh, God damn, Greg. Yes. Yes! YES!" I stayed buried in her until her spasms subsided, and then slowly resumed the pace we had before, only this time letting almost all my cock glide in and out of her tight, warm depths. She turned up the vibrator another notch and increased the pace a notch.
We pumped away at each other for a while, her bucking back against me in abandon while I held on tight to her hips. The vibrator must have been maxed out because she had dropped the fob. Its background thrum in her pussy was like an approaching storm as the desensitizer was wearing off on me. Her grunts and moans had resumed, encouraging me toward another climax.
"Oh, fuck, Livy," I said, our sweating bodies seeming to go faster every few strokes. "You like my big cock in your ass, Baby?"
"Fuck yeah," she moaned. "I love your cock, Baby. Pound. My. Ass," she started saying with each thrust. "Pound. My. Ass."
I decided to risk one more level of new adventure we had never tried. I reached back with one hand and smacked her on the ass hard. She let out a little yelp and thrashed her head to one side, her wild mane flailing around. Her reflection showed a manic grin. My legs were burning with fatigue, and hers had been shaking for minutes. I held her ass down on my full length and stepped back, pulling her away from the window.
"On the floor, Liv" I told her. "My legs are killing me." We managed to stumble to the floor while still locked together. She threw her head and arms down on the floor, really sticking her ass up at me now. I started pumping again, but staying deep and only using short, frenetic strokes. I slapped her other cheek and she grunted her pleasure.
"Oh, shit," Olivia yelled. "Don't stop, Baby! I'm gonna fuckin' cum!"
She reached between her legs and found my balls with one hand, already getting tight against my body. She squeezed and massaged as I pounded into her.
"Oh, yeah, Baby," I told her. "Just like that. You're gonna get a load in your ass."
"Fucking cum in my ass, Baby," she yelled. I smacked her one more time and felt her muscles clench around my cock, her body tensing in ecstasy. "Oh, fuck. Fuck. Fuck," she repeated as she climaxed. I made it two more strokes before I felt my hot seed surging up through my cock in her tight ass, spurting into her as she came.
"Oh, yeah," I yelled. "Fuck, yes!" I slammed balls-deep into her with each blast of cum. She was whimpering and moaning incoherently, and I could feel her spasms, her ass clenched tight around my throbbing cock as she climaxed. Her hand left my tight nut sack and I could hear a rapid clicking noise accompanied by little shockwaves through my shaft. She must have been smacking her fingers on the vibrator, and her wedding rings clacking against it was sending shocks into us.
"Oh, Greg," she was mumbling. "Oh, shit, Baby. I can't feel my face." I stroked my hands on her back and her ass, noting the red handprints I had left on her ass cheeks. She cooed and murmured as her orgasms subsided. I finally pulled my cock out of my wife's ass trailing a little cum behind it. I found the discarded fob and killed the vibrator, then pulled it out of her dripping pussy. She collapsed onto her side, eyes still closed, catching her breath and licking her dry lips.
"God damn, Livy," I finally managed. I crawled over and collapsed on the floor facing her. "That was fucking incredible." She smiled and it was so beautiful. My heart ached for this woman. Making her smile was all the reward I ever needed from her.
"You liked that, huh?" I grunted my affirmation, since I was still catching my breath. "I listened to all those stories, and they made me feel warm, and curious, but I wasn't sure I could do it." She paused to take a final deep breath. Her beautiful, pale blue eyes opened again, gazing lovingly on me. "Greg, baby. I love you so much, I just had to. I've never cum so hard. Jesus, I knew you were good, but, holy fuck!"
I brushed some stray hairs out of her face and leaned in to kiss her. We lay there and kissed gently for a minute before she broke away, snickering behind her hand. She had a terribly wicked grin on her face.
"What," I said. "What, now?"
"That little fucker is in jail just a few blocks from here." She rolled onto her back and gave a short giggle. "I'll bet he didn't enjoy his ass fucking as much as I did."