I am in my forties, a respectable businesswoman, and a pillar of the community. Well, that's what everyone thinks. And I suppose I was until this summer.
My husband Steve and I had booked a holiday cottage in Devon for a week, but at the last minute, he was unable to make it because of a problem at work. We'd been there before and I decided I'd still go. I loved the area and thought I'd have a relaxing time, hopefully soaking up the sun, reading, and walking. Just what I needed to unwind.
The cottage is quite isolated other than for the property next door where the owner lives. I arrived on a beautiful sunny day and knocked on the owner's door to pick up the key. Mrs Robbins said she was going to visit her daughter in London but a nephew and his friend would be staying in her cottage for a few days. After a brief chat, I went indoors to unpack.
Next morning, I awoke to bright sunshine and, after breakfast, decided to spend a lazy day sunbathing in the large back garden while reading a trashy novel. A far cry from my usual hectic business life.
In my bikini, I glanced at my reflection in the bedroom mirror. Thanks to regular exercise, including yoga when I have the time, my body is reasonably toned and I look good for my age. The bikini was rather brief and Steve certainly wouldn't approve. But, as there was no one about, it didn't matter.
I was soon stretched out on a sun-lounger and it felt like absolute paradise when I massaged suntan lotion onto my skin. I didn't want any white lines so I hooked the bikini straps off my shoulders. The bra was then so loose that my breasts nearly popped out. But who cares? There's only me here, I thought.
As the warmth of the sun caressed my body, I started to read. The novel was erotic from the first page and I soon felt a tingle of excitement in my tummy. Considering it was well over a month since I'd had sex with my husband, I suppose it wasn't really surprising that I was a little turned on. Steve worked hard and was too tired most nights to have any 'dirty' thoughts, as I called them. Perhaps we'd been together too long for me to excite him anymore. Whatever, our sex life was far from exciting.
I applied more lotion as the noon sun got stronger. My top was barely covering my nipples and they looked quite erect as I massaged the oil into my shoulders. God, I'm feeling so horny, I thought, spreading my legs and glancing at the cottage next door. Oh no, is that someone looking out of the upstairs window?
I concentrated and clearly saw a bare-chested young man staring at me. My immediate reaction was to cover up but, for some reason, his gaze made me feel even sexier -- and wanted, something I hadn't felt for a long time. So I lay back and sensuously stretched my body and legs. My nipples got even harder, which I hadn't thought possible. I opened my legs wider and looked down at my mound.
I suddenly came to my senses; knew I must stop. I had to go indoors. I stood and slowly walked toward the cottage. About halfway to the door, I heard, "Hi there! I'm Andy, Mrs Robbins' nephew."
Standing on the other side of the fence, was another young man. He had a big smile on his face as he glanced at my breasts. I mumbled a greeting but kept on walking. I sensed him watching me as I made my way inside.
I couldn't believe it; I was shaking. I looked in a mirror and saw that my top was only staying up because of my erect nipples.
God, what must that Andy have thought?
I lightly touched my right breast and a wonderful sensation shot through my body. I slumped in a chair and with trembling hands pushed down my bikini pants. I couldn't believe my pussy was so wet. I touched my clit and almost instantly orgasmed with such power that I just sat there breathing deeply, wondering what on earth had gotten into me. Or was it all about what I wanted to get into me?
That night in bed, I kept thinking over and over about how much I'd enjoyed those boys looking at me, lusting over me, even if it had been for only a short while. I dreamt of taking it all a step further -- of being naked before them and seeing their erections and... I awoke sweating, wet and sticky.
The following day I went into town to buy groceries. Next to the supermarket, a shop sold bikinis, thongs, and other beach wear. I looked along the rails and found a bright red, very small thong together with a matching top that was merely two tiny pieces of cloth held together by a thin cord. I was trembling again and saw the size was labelled 'small'. For an unexplainable reason, I went ahead and bought it.
I couldn't wait to get back to the cottage. I dumped the groceries on the table and rushed upstairs with the swimwear. Like a woman possessed I undressed and pulled on the thong. It barely covered my pussy -- my pubic hair stuck out of the sides -- and my bottom was completely exposed. As I looked in the mirror, a familiar excitement hit me. The bra just covered my nipples and they stood out prominently. Looking at myself, I got so turned on, I actually felt ashamed and thought, I can't wear this where anyone else can see me, can I?
I decided that, at the very least, I must trim my pubic hair before ever thinking about wearing the thong. I went to the bathroom and got to work with my scissors, trimming back what I could see while wearing the thong. I didn't stop there. I slipped off the garment and kept snipping away, cutting the hair as short as possible before using my Ladyshave. It was the first time I'd removed all of my pussy hair, and I rubbed moisturiser into my now naked skin. I couldn't believe how sensitive I felt. It was wonderful. I knew I'd have to release the built-up tension.
I need a good fuck.
I was shocked at my thoughts, and my language, and I quickly stood under a cold shower hoping the feelings would go away.
After drying, I couldn't resist trying on my daring purchase again. The thong hardly concealed my pussy lips and my breasts were virtually exposed in the tiny top. Again my nipples were hard, jutting against the flimsy material.
Plucking up all my courage, I went into the garden and lay face down on the lounger. I knew I looked naked and all sorts of emotions flooded my mind.
The sun's heat was lovely on my flesh. After about half an hour, I turned over to lie on my back -- and the two lads were looking over the fence. I didn't know what to do or what to say as they stared at my body. Goodness knows how long they'd been there.
"Fancy a coke?" asked the one I knew to be Andy.
"Err, yes... okay. Err, yes please."
I knew straight away that I shouldn't have said that. What's wrong with me?
In a matter of minutes, they were scrambling over the fence. Both wore swimming shorts and Andy passed me a can of coke and introduced his friend Dave. I didn't know what to say or do. I was virtually naked on a lounger with two handsome young men sitting on the grass by my side. With a shaky voice, I tried to make conversation but all I could see and feel was them looking at my breasts, legs, thong -- all of me. The problem was that I loved them ogling me. I'd never felt so desirable and sexually attractive for a very long time. But I couldn't take any more of watching them gaze over my body so I rolled onto my tummy.
"Shall we rub some lotion on your back?"
I mumbled, "Yes please," and waited. My heart was thumping and sweat bubbled between my breasts. My nipples ached, longing to be sucked.
Then they touched me and I groaned before I could control myself. Gently they massaged the lotion into my shoulders and back, undoing my top. I was on fire. I felt hands on each leg as they smoothed the liquid, getting higher and higher. I opened my thighs slightly as a hand reached my bare cheeks. I bit my lip to prevent myself from going over the top. I could so easily cum.
It was no good... I shouldn't be doing this... I jumped up and said, "Sorry, I've just remembered something. I've got to go inside now. I'll see you another day."
I rushed through the patio door and slammed it shut. There, I stood breathing deeply and shaking -- and realised that, in my hurry, I'd left my top behind. I was only wearing my thong. I was definitely out of control as I walked to the settee and lay down, pushing the narrow fabric to one side.
I was unbelievably wet and my cunt felt almost silky. I fingered my clit, revolving in small circles, and slid two fingers inside myself. Using both hands, I groaned and moaned, thrashing about until sweat poured out of me.
For some reason, I looked at the patio door and Andy was there, furiously stroking his cock. I couldn't care less who was looking at me. I slid my fingers further and further, faster and faster. As I gazed at the door, I saw Andy's cock erupt, shooting semen over the glass. I came immediately. With eyes tightly closed, my whole body shook as I arched my back and thrust my cunt upward. I'd never felt anything like it. Regular sex had never been like this.
I opened my eyes. Andy had gone, only his spunk remained, trickling down the glass door. And my red top was hanging from the door handle.
I stumbled upstairs, tears in my eyes. What have I done? I was ashamed but also stimulated. I knew that I'd be back for more.
The next day it rained. I hid away.
The day after, it also rained. Approaching eleven in the morning, I heard a knock on the front door. Andy was there.
"We can't sunbathe in this, can we?" he said, gesturing at the rain. "We were wondering if we could have a picnic lunch in your lounge. We could pretend to be on the beach or something. And, err, we could all wear our beach things."
I considered for a few seconds. "Okay," I agreed. "See you both at half past twelve."
Upstairs, I put on the red outfit. I looked in the mirror and trembled with excitement.
In the kitchen, I drank wine for courage and watched the clock's hands slowly move to the allotted time.
Knock, knock!
I opened the door to the two young men wearing raincoats -- and I guessed that's all they wore. Dave carried a blanket and spread it on the lounge floor.
"Shall I take your coats?"
They looked at each other, apparently unsure of what to say but Dave managed, "Yeah, in a minute."
I knew what we all wanted so I lay on the blanket. As they looked down at me, I closed my eyes and touched my tits. My nipples felt huge.
"Undo the back," I said, sitting up.
Andy pulled the cord and my breasts bounced free. Andy and Dave dropped their coats to the floor and I saw them naked for the first time. They already had erections and Dave's looked much bigger as I pulled their heads towards my tits.
"Suck my nipples."
As they did, I arched my back, thrusting my breasts into their mouths. This was heaven -- a young man on each tit.
Then, remembering what I'd pledged, I said, "You can do what you want, but no fucking. Okay?"
I was surprised at my sternness and they both nodded in agreement.
As wonderful as the attention to my tits was, I wanted them to see all of me, wanted their eyes on my body. I told Dave to pull down my thong.
"Jesus, she's shaved," he spluttered.
I pushed them back so they could see me properly and opened my legs, raising my knees slightly. I rubbed my cunt and juices soon flowed.
I looked at them staring at me and it felt so good. They were kneeling and Andy stroked his erection which made me quiver with delight. But Dave's cock really commanded my attention. It looked enormous. I don't know how big -- at least eight or nine inches -- and the redness contrasted with his white skin. The head was almost purple and shiny with pre-cum. Although he wasn't touching himself, his cock was so hard and seemed to be pulsating in time with his heartbeat, I thought he would cum at any second.
I groaned -- and came noisily, the fluids running down my spread thighs.
Andy stroked faster, muttering, "Oh, God, I'm cumming, I'm cumming."
"Come on my tits," I shouted and felt the hot semen shoot onto my right breast. He rapidly unloaded and squeezed the last drop onto one of my aching nipples.
Dave was still kneeling and gazing at me, his massive cock throbbing. I pulled my cunt lips apart as wide as I could. I wanted to make him cum just by looking at me.
"I bet you'd like to fuck me, to push deep inside me."
He moaned and his spunk flew through the air, splashing my stomach and tits. He kept cumming and cumming, I'd never seen anything like it. His semen was everywhere and I was so turned on. I needed them to fuck me -- ignore what I'd previously said -- to put me out of my misery. But they got up, looking embarrassed, grabbed their coats, said something indistinguishable -- and left.
I was on fire. Anyone could have fucked me. I went to the kitchen and got a cucumber -- it was all I could think of to use. I lay against the couch, opened my legs, and gradually inserted the cucumber into my gaping, soaking cunt.
What did I look like? I was covered in spunk with a green substitute cock deep inside my bald pussy, my thighs spread wide, my nipples swollen and hard -- and there was a noise behind me. I turned my head, thinking and hoping it would be Andy and Dave, but a voice shouted, "What the bloody hell is going on here?"
I looked at my husband. His expression was one of almost disbelief. He shook his head, turned around, and went out of the door.
"Wait, wait," I yelled, "I'll explain, I'll explain, don't go."
By the time I'd stood and removed the saturated cucumber, he'd gone. I peered around the door, hiding my nudity, and with tears streaming down my face, watched him drive away.
"What have I done, what have I done?" I mumbled over and over. "He's bound to leave me. What have I done?"
Praying that he would return, I went upstairs to shower and change into decent clothes. I had to be ready, clean, and respectable again -- like the business lady I've always appeared to be. I looked in the mirror. My nipples were still swollen, and as I touched them, a feeling of ecstasy shot through my body. I was so mixed up. My mind was in turmoil but my body was alive, turned on, and I felt oh so very sexy.
I dressed and waited for his return.
When it reached midnight, I went to bed, leaving the front door unlocked for him. I lay thinking about the past few days and was horrified at what a slut I had become. No wonder he left.
I must have dozed off because I became aware someone was next to me in bed. There was a whispered request: "Tell me what happened, I need to know."
My heart pounded, at least Steve had returned.
I was turned away from him as I slowly told my story about the two young men and the enjoyment of exposing myself to them. I told him everything, the truth -- well, almost everything. I said they never touched me, just looked and ejaculated over my naked body.
I finished and waited for his reaction.
At last, he spoke. "Get on your knees."
"What?"
"Just bloody do it. Get on all fours."
Trembling, I did as ordered. He lifted my nightie and I felt his erection slap my bottom and immediately find the entrance to my pussy. With one thrust he was deep inside. His hardness and strength took me by surprise.
"You fucking whore," he shouted, "Your cunt is drenched. You're just a filthy slut."
No one had ever said such words to me. Strangely, I was excited and pushed my bottom back at him, wanting his cock even deeper. I needed to be taken hard and rough, a punishment for what I'd done.
"You slut, you fucking slut," he repeated while thrusting wildly, his firm penis pounding my insides. Very soon, he was ready to release. His cock expanded and his sudden eruption blasted my cunt, hot spunk spurting and splashing inside me. I couldn't help it, I came as well, screaming as I did.
"Yes, I'm a fucking slut," I gasped, "and you fucking love it."
We collapsed then, sweating and sticky, his cock still inside me. Not a word more was spoken. We needed time to gather our thoughts, think about all that had happened. I don't know how long afterward, but he kissed my neck and said quietly, "I love you."
I smiled contentedly and drifted into sleep.
When I awoke, I heard him moving about downstairs. I showered, put on a bathrobe, and went to see him.
"Hello," he said, a grin on his face, "Breakfast is nearly ready so sit down."
As we ate, we didn't talk much and there was no mention of the previous night. When I'd finished, I said I was going upstairs to dress.
"What are you going to wear?"
"I don't know but it looks like it's going to be a hot, sunny day."
"Do you have that sun dress with you?" he asked. "The one you wear to the beach when we're abroad. You know, with buttons down the front and thin straps."
"I do. But you always say it's too short and the top's too low."
He hugged me. "Well, today, I've changed my mind. Besides, no one knows us here." As he squeezed me, his penis was solid against my tummy.
He followed me to the bedroom. I took out fresh underwear and he said, "Not those. Wear that red thong you told me about. And no bra."
This was so unlike him but I did as requested. While he went downstairs to wait, I slipped on the tiny thong first and it felt so nice against my smooth mound. I was already moist. I buttoned up the thin dress. It had a low, scooped neckline and the hem was above my knee. I felt sensual, like I was virtually naked. Once more my nipples became aroused and their colour and shape showed through the thin dress. I was showing a lot of cleavage and as I walked, my breasts swayed. My body felt on fire and my flushed face was glowing.
I stood quietly, almost meekly, before my husband.
"Nearly perfect," he said. "But I think we'll undo the top button and also the bottom one." I thought he was shaking as he undid them.
Even more of my breasts were exposed and I would show quite a lot of leg when I walked. I'd never felt so free and sensual. It was wonderful.
"Let's go to town," he said, "and buy you some new clothes."
After parking, we went for coffee. I sensed the waiter looking down my dress at my tits. As soon as he was gone my excited husband said, "Did you see how he looked at you? He stared at your boobs."
I smiled, surprised at how much this seemed to be arousing him. We were both acting so much out of character.
We found a small boutique to buy what Steve called "sexy gear". He picked a couple of dresses and I tried them on. The changing cubicle had a curtain at the front and was in the main shop. The first dress he didn't like. "Not daring enough."
I slipped out of the dress and, as I stood in just my thong, he opened the curtain a little to look in and left the gap. I had no idea why until moments later when I looked up and saw an older man staring at me.. Steve was starting to get into showing me off.
I dressed slowly so the man had a good look and even adjusted my thong, flashing my bald pussy. Though it was fun, it didn't do as much for me as for my husband. I wanted, almost needed, stronger action.
Eventually, we bought two dresses and sexy g-strings, and I suggested going to the beach. We'd heard about a quiet, sandy cove and I hoped I might have an adventure there. After all, the only beachwear I had with me was the tiny thong.
Though the sun was shining, hardly anyone was on the beach. We walked to the rocks at the far end and spread the car blanket on the sand. Dress removed, I lay on the blanket in my thong. Looking down at me, hubby undressed and I saw he was hard inside his shorts. He said he'd better swim to cool down.
Spoilsport!
While he was swimming, two young guys sat quite near. To my amazement, they stripped off completely. I learned later that the beach was known for its unofficial nudism. I don't know who was looking most -- them or me. They were tanned and muscular and this increased my moistness.
Back from his swim, my husband noticed the young men. "The water's lovely," he said. "Why don't you have a dip?"
"Okay."
I walked slowly toward the sea. From the rear, I would appear naked. The water was cool as I waded up to my waist before taking a deep breath and diving under. Virtually naked, swimming under a blue sky with the sun shining, felt idyllic.
As I waded out, the thong was squeezed between my pussy lips. I didn't bother to adjust it as I walked back to my husband. The guys also looked at me.
"I know, I'll take some photos while you're still wet from your swim." Steve jumped to his feet. "Over there, by that flat rock."
I perched on the rock while he prepared his camera. The warmth was lovely on my naked bottom and my nipples hardened. I could see the guys looking -- and I wanted them.
"Smile."
Click! I moved to another position. Click!
"Open your legs slightly."
I willingly obliged. Steve stared at my pussy, the lips almost completely exposed.
"Wider," he said, and the young men stood up and walked towards us. They were still naked.
"Are you a model?" one of them asked.
"Yeah, right," I answered sarcastically, slightly closing my legs.
"Only asking. 'Cos, we're wondering if we could take some photos as well. We'd pay, of course."
"Yes, she'll pose for you," Steve said before I had a chance to speak. "Won't you, love?"
I blinked and nodded.
"Will you come to our caravan? It's at the end of the beach, about five minutes walk."
Steve and I looked at each other and this time I spoke first. "Sure, why not?"
With Alan and Dave, we walked along the beach to a small holiday caravan park with probably about ten vans. They'd tied towels around their waist and I wore my dress. The caravan was quite roomy but felt confined with four of us inside.
Alan drew the curtains and set a camera on a tripod. I was nervous. This close-up was much more intimate than on the beach. The guys were nude again and I lusted after their bodies: so firm and tanned with two gorgeous plump cocks swinging as they moved about. My husband sat, watching as if in a dream.
"Okay, we're ready," said Alan.
I took a deep breath and threw my dress to Steve. He looked to be in a daze at what was unfolding in front of him.
I lay on a bench seat, arching my back to emphasise my tits. My nipples felt so very hard and sensitive. Looking at Alan as he took several pictures, I saw his penis had become erect. I salivated with lust.
Dave came to me, his cock also upright and bouncing beautifully as he moved. "You don't need this, do you?" he said, touching my thong.
I licked my lips and said quietly. "No."
As I raised my bottom off the bench to help, he slid the thong agonisingly slowly down my legs. Completely naked, I shut my eyes and spread my thighs as wide as I possibly could. I wanted them to see how wet I was, how open I was, how hard my clit was, and how my cunt lips were swollen. I wanted them to see everything.
I opened my eyes and Dave had a camera inches from my cunt, taking photo after photo. I reached down to touch my clit, needing some sort of relief. But Dave said, "No, don't... we'll decide what to do."
I looked at him, almost pleading with my eyes,  and whispered, "Please, I need to be touched."
Alan then said, "Okay, we'll take some oral shots." He looked at my husband. "You hold her right leg high and wide so Dave can take pictures while I tongue her."
I thought my Steve would object -- but he came over and held my leg, spreading my cunt wide open. His hard cock throbbed against my thigh.
Alan dropped to his knees and licked the inside of my other thigh while Dave held the camera a short distance away. As soon as Alan's tongue touched me, I groaned and tried to thrust my pussy towards him, hoping for some contact with my clit. I also squeezed my tits, pleading, "Please, please."
Then it happened. His tongue flicked my clit and I screamed. "Don't stop, I'm coming, please don't stop."
Alan didn't stop and I shuddered into ecstasy. My hot fluids spilled onto his tongue as I orgasmed with body-shaking total pleasure. I was left panting, heart pounding, as Alan continued to lick and suck and then push his tongue deep inside my open wetness. I came again, shaking my head from side to side, still holding my tits and nipples. All the time, Dave clicked away with his camera.
"Right," said Dave, "we'll have a cum shot."
Alan began rubbing his erection and I lifted my head to look at the pre-cum oozing out of his swollen cock. Despite having cum twice, I was still full of desire and lust. I raised my bottom and, as I did, Alan's spunk flew onto my hairless cunt. Alan moved away and Dave got close, his camera only inches from my juices mingling with the white semen.
"Pull yourself open," he demanded.
I released my tits and pulled my cunt lips apart. I felt the spunk trickling onto my fingers and spread wider, looking up at my husband who still held one of my legs. I saw lust in his eyes and again felt his erection against my thigh.
"Let's get her on the table now," said Alan.
Legs apart, tits bouncing, the men lifted me like a chunk of meat. I was definitely being used but I loved the feeling. They sat me on the table and I resumed posing, legs dangling over the edge. I leaned back, tits raised, and spread my legs again. Alan and Dave were rock-hard and I almost screamed with lust and need. I was out of control, wanted them to fuck me senseless.
Alan told me to lie back on the table. My head hung over one side, my legs and most of my thighs on the other. The camera carried on clicking and I groaned as I tugged my nipples.
"You'd better shag her, to put her out of her misery," Dave said to my husband.
Steve simply dropped his shorts and, as I lifted my head, I saw his cock was red and angry looking. He stood between my thighs, pulled my pussy open, and with one quick thrust, his penis was deep inside my wet, slippery cunt. He slowly moved in and out -- much too slowly for me. I needed to cum.
"For fuck's sake," I shouted. "Fuck me harder, fuck me quicker."
As I finished my sentence, Dave pushed his cock into my mouth. At first, I was shocked. I'd never really liked oral sex -- but I took to it like a professional, sucking and slurping while trying to get him deep into my mouth and throat. I heard him moan and tasted his pre-cum. Suddenly Steve was fucking me hard and I shuddered to orgasm before he pulled out and shot his load onto my stomach. I felt feel the spurts and heat as they landed.
Dave also came and I almost gagged as his thick cream filled my mouth. I tried to swallow but most of it ran down my chin and, as I made an effort to sit up, Alan showered my tits with his spunk.
For a few moments, I lay there as more photos were taken. But I craved more sex, more fucking, more spunk shooting deep inside me.
Alan suddenly said, "That's it, times up."
He handed me a towel. I was confused about my feelings as I wiped the mess off my body and face.
"Here's the money I promised," Dave said, putting an envelope on the table. "We'll keep your thong as a souvenir."
I put on my dress, Steve picked up our other bits and pieces together with the envelope. We said our goodbyes and, walking back along the beach and onto our car, my cunt tingled as the thin dress caressed my skin. Juices ran down my thighs and my nipples remained hard and proud. I was exhilarated and felt liberated. At last, I'd come alive sexually. The problem was -- how could I continue this when I returned home, the next day, to my respectable life as a businesswoman in middle-class England?
I knew I'd have to somehow try. I also knew that I needed a good fucking when I got back to our holiday cottage. I wanted to be fucked hard and long and to feel spunk filling my vagina. I just hoped my husband was up to it...