I must have fallen asleep because it was already dark when I opened my eyes again and heard the shower running in the bathroom. I wasn't sure if that was what woke me up, but I noticed the curtains were fully closed once more. I got out of bed and walked into the bathroom. Martha did not see me until I stepped into the shower, and she squealed.
"You frightened me, Babe."
"There is no one else about but me."
"Still," she said, playfully splashing me with water.
"How are you, Baby?" I asked, taking the soap from her hand and began to wash her body.
"We need to talk, Babe."
"I know."
I stopped soaping her back, spun her around to face me and kissed her lips. It was a soft, lingering kiss that became a passionate pash, the warm water cascading down our bodies.
"Let's get ready and have something to eat in that Italian restaurant on Main Street," I said as I continued to wash her.
"Okay, but we really need to talk."
"I know, we will before the night is over, I promise."
An hour later, we walked through the front door, and the waiter asked where we would like to sit as they had a couple of empty tables. Glancing around, I saw one near the window, somewhat away from everyone. We sat facing each other, ordered a bottle of wine, and looked at the menu, feeling the nervous tension in the air. I looked at Martha and saw the anxiety in her eyes. We really needed to talk, and after the waiter took our order, I broached the subject.
"How are you feeling, Baby?"
"Anxious, worried."
"Why?"
"The things I said and thought a wife should never think of. It is not right. I am married to you, Jack."
"Why not? I enjoyed what we did. If it is anyone's fault, it is mine. I pushed you into it."
"No, you did not, even if it seemed to you you did. I wanted it as much as you did, even if I would not admit to it."
"Really? I did not know you were into exhibitionism and cuckolding."
"No, you didn't. I left all those things behind when I met you, we got married, and we lived a typical married life."
At that moment, the waiter arrived with our wine, and we ordered the food. When he'd left, I looked into Martha's eyes.
"So what happened? Let me guess, leaving the curtains open brought out your wild side."
"You can say that."
"Would you enlighten me?"
"Do you want to know?"
"Yes, Baby," I said, and she picked up her glass, looking into it while gathering her thoughts.
"You remember Walter? I told you about him, the guy had been my boyfriend before I met you. He shared a unit with a friend back at uni, and they had an arrangement; if there was a sign on the bedroom door, it meant they had a girl. One day, Walter forgot to put the sign out, and Adam opened the door. He told us later that he had knocked, but we had not heard it. As Walter was on top of me, I saw Adam watching us from the door, and it turned me on like nothing before. After Walter had come in me, I motioned for Adam to enter the room and told him to fuck me too.
Adam seeing that Walter did not object, only lay beside me and watched, removed his clothes and, lying on me, fucked me. I loved it, loved the feeling of two different cocks fucking me one after another, one making love to me while the other watched. For the next six months, they both fucked me as the other watched until the end of the uni year when they returned home.
That summer, I met you and fell in love with you. I broke up with Walter and have not seen them again. I wanted to be a faithful wife and have been all these years. When we left the curtains open, it re-ignited old desires that were buried deep in me. I tried to fight them and would have extinguished the flame if it had not been for you and Jason. So, yes, I like to be watched and fucked by two men. It brings out the raw desire in me."
"Wow," I reached for her hand, squeezing it gently.
"How come you have never told this to me?"
"When I met you and we started dating I was afraid if you find out what a slut I had been you ran away. After we got married I only wanted to be a good, faithful wife to you and the best mother to our children. These slutty feelings did not matter and in time faded away."
"I love you, Martha."
"I love you too," she murmured, searching my eyes.
"I've never shared a woman, never thought of sharing one or letting anyone watch me make love to one, but when Jason saw us the first time, well, I felt aroused in a way I'd never experienced before. To my surprise, seeing him watching us turned me on instead of off. It was a strange feeling, and I wanted to feel it again, to find out if it was just a one-off thing or something more, something deeper I had not known about myself. I am sorry for pushing you and trying to make you do something you did not want to," I said, gently squeezing her hand across the table.
"That's okay, Babe," she said, smiling. "But what now?"
Our food arrived, and the question hung in the air while we ate silently, considering the future in our thoughts. I smiled every time our eyes met, felt my love for her with all my being and seeing her love for me in hers, I knew whatever the future would bring us, we were okay.
"Baby," I began, "whatever happens, I will always love you. I suggest we play it by ear, and if either of us feels uncomfortable, we back off, we stop."
"Is that what you want?"
"We have been happily married for 30 years. If we continue as we have been, I will have no regrets, and if we embark on new adventures, I will be by your side."
"And I will be by your side, Babe."
We walked home from the restaurant hand in hand, like when we'd dated for the first time, feeling happy and excited about our future. When we got home, the curtains stayed closed as we made slow, passionate love and fell asleep in each other's arms.
For the next couple of weeks, life was as familiar as ever. We worked, caught up with friends, made love, fucked and even fantasised about cuckolding me. The cuckolding fantasy was new in our lives but spiced up our sex lives. I was preparing a light meal in the kitchen while waiting for Martha's return from work when I heard my phone ping.
"Babe, would you close the bedroom curtains, please? Don't ask why. Love you," she texted.
"Okay, love you too," I replied.
I closed the curtains, noticing it was already getting dark and returned to the kitchen to finish the dish. An hour later, I still did not hear from Martha. The dinner was getting cold as I waited for her while sitting in front of my computer when the phone pinged again, and I saw another message from her.
"Please, turn on the floor lamp and open the curtains in the bedroom," the text said.
I asked myself what she was up to, walked to the bedroom, turned the light on, and pulled the curtains apart. Then I saw her, and I froze, seeing her standing at the window of Jason's bedroom. I felt my heart beating in my throat and could not move. I was staring at her, just standing there, wearing a summer dress I had never seen and strappy golden stiletto sandals. She was beautiful, just beautiful. Our eyes were fixed on each others for long minutes, neither of us moving. As my shock and surprise started to wear off, I noticed Jason was not in the room. I nervously smiled, and she did, too, and began to type on her phone. I heard mine ping in the living room, and while lifting my finger to indicate 'one minute', I rushed out to get the phone. Standing at the window once again, I looked at her text.
"Tell me what you want me to do, Babe. Come home or stay?"
After reading her words, I looked up, scrutinising her face while my thoughts raced in my head, not knowing what to say. Finally, the desire to watch her made the decision for me, and I replied, "Stay."
"If I stay, our lives will change forever. You will not be able to erase what you'll see. Are you sure, Babe?" Her reply came almost instantly.
"I am sure, hotwife. Make me a cuck, just like we fantasised about."
"Then bring the armchair to the window, strip naked but do not touch your cock. When I get home, I want my cuck husband to fuck me senseless."
I did what she told me, and sitting in the armchair, I watched her put her phone away and stand in front of the window looking at me. The tension between us was palpable. I saw Jason walk into the room and walk behind my wife, his hands snaked around her waist, his face snuggling into the crook of her neck. I watched her hand reach up, touching Jason's head, fingers entwined in his hair. They had not done anything more than hug, but just seeing her in another man's arms made my cock hardened.
I watched my wife's head flip back and slowly turned towards Jason as he kissed her cheek. Their lips met for a brief second. Her arms draped around his neck while she looked up, and they watched each other intently. Just then, I realised how tall Jason was. Martha was as tall as me in her highest heels, and although I did not know how tall her sandals were, even though they seemed pretty high, she was still more than a head shorter than Jason.
I watched with abated breath as he slowly leant forward, and just before their lips met, she closed her eyes. It was a soft, lingering kiss that became a passionate pash before long. As they pashed, I noticed her lifting her right foot off the floor, bending her leg at the knee. I had never observed her doing that when we kissed, but then I had been too occupied noticing something like that. The next thing I noticed was I was holding my cock. I quickly let it go and put my hands on the armrests.
They broke the kiss, and she stepped back to unbutton his shirt, pushing it off his shoulders. Squatting before him, she removed the rest of his clothes until he stood before her naked, his semi-hard cock dangling in front of her face. She grabbed it and, glancing towards me, smiled, kissed the tip of his cock, wrapping her lips around the head before sliding as much of his shaft into her mouth as she could manage. She sucked him for a while, then stood up and turned around.
I saw Jason pulling the zip down on the back of her dress and, pushing it off her shoulders, let it fall to the floor. She was now wearing nothing but her suspenders, nude stockings and sandals. Taking his hand, she led him to the bed, where she lay down on her back as Jason stood and watched her. He lay beside her, and they became entangled as they kissed. He ended up on top of her, pinning her to the bed when he began to kiss her from the crook of her neck to her pussy where he stayed, kissing and licking her sensitive areas.
She wrapped her legs around his upper body and began to buck and trash on the white sheets. I knew she was cumming on his tongue then. Eventually, her trashing stopped, and she unhooked her legs. Jason took the opportunity to kiss his way back to her face, and when he reached between them to guide his cock into her, her head jolted, and her back arched as he entered her. He thrust in and out of her leisurely while taking her hands, pinning them next to her head. Their eyes locked on each other as he made love to her, slowly building her need to cum again, and when that moment came, he kissed her passionately. She locked her legs around his torso and her arms around his neck as she came.
He pulled away, breaking the kiss when she unhooked her arms and legs and raised himself while bringing her legs onto his shoulders. Almost folding her in half, his upper body rested on her legs as he fucked her hard by then. Then, Jason suddenly stopped, pulled out of her, and she got on her hands and knees. He positioned her to face me, took a fistful of her hair, pulled her head up until she was forced to look at me and drove his cock into her from behind. I saw her gasp for breath as Jason entered her, sinking his cock as deep into her body as possible. He began to fuck her furiously, smiling as he looked at me and slapped her arse hard. I saw the sting of the slap on her face, and her mouth fell open. He kept slapping her arse, pulling her head back until her body arched as he was fucking her.
He was playing up for me, showing how he fucked my slut wife and how she loved it, loved to be a slut for him, loved to cuck me. The whole scene turned me on so much I could not stop myself from cumming. I watched as he pulled her head even further back until her hands barely reached the bed, and he froze, filling her body with his spunk while grinning triumphantly. After a minute or so, he pulled her up to his face and kissed her. Letting her go, she collapsed on the bed, and Jason lay beside her. They cuddled and kissed for a few minutes when she got up, put her dress on, walked back to the bed, kissed Jason and strolled out of the room without looking at me just once.
A few minutes later, I was still sitting in the armchair when she walked into our bedroom and stood before me. I saw uncertainty in her eyes as she looked at me. I smiled and noticed a shy smile creeping into the corner of her lips when she noticed the spunk on my thighs.
"I see you couldn't wait for your hotwife, cuck," she said, kneeling before me as she took my slimy cock into her mouth.