"My name is Jack, by the way," I introduced myself as we headed for the vertical ascender to descend the 600 floors to my level.
It took several minutes, due to the distance, and we made small talk along the way.
"I'm F'Nai." the woman explained. "You seem captivated by my belly for some reason. Why is that, Jack?"
"I love pregnant women." I confessed. "I don't know why exactly, but their bellies sticking out just turn me on. Back on Terra, it's rare to see a pregnant belly as big as yours, and it's only when they have triplets and are almost ready to give birth. With your low gravity compared to ours, you develop differently. It's a huge turn on to see. Your breasts are captivating too, the way they stick straight out."
"Why thank you!" she responded, as the unit stopped and the doors opened for us. "Please lead the way to your domicile, so that we can have sex and I can properly thank you for defending my honor earlier. My husband would be so proud of you for defending me like that. You showed up like Mr. Marvel or something."
"Who's Mr. Marvel?" I inquired, as I unlocked the door to my suite.
"Oh, we have visual stories; I think you call them movies, and he is the hero who shows up to defend the honor of people who have been wronged. He's really strong, and he's an Emerald, so he must have come from another planet. Say... you kind of look like him. Is that why you stood up for me before?"
"I stood up for you because it was the right thing to do." I explained. "On Terra, we don't like to see people who are in need, to not be helped. It's in our nature to help others, I guess."
"Not here." F'Nai stated emphatically. "We don't like to get involved in the affairs of others."
"Why not?" I inquired curiously.
F'Nai shrugged.
"I don't know. It's just how we are. Unless it involves sex, we leave others to their own affairs."
"Even if they need help?" I asked incredulously.
"Yes. That is why my husband and I are so grateful to you for you did. That is why we have a hero who shows up to selflessly help others for no reason in our visual stories." she explained. "We all wish for someone to be there when we need help."
"Back on Terra, it's my job." I responded. "Sort of like your officials here, but we get involved all the time. We fight crime and catch the bad guys. We help those in need. It's our job, but most people will help someone if they need help, whether it's their job or not."
"Your planet must be full of brave people." F'Nai asserted.
"Not that so much as that we are probably a lot more emotionally charged than the people here. You have developed to be docile. You have almost no crime, so you don't expect to have to do anything to solve it. That's going to cause a problem though, as more tourists start arriving from other planets."
"I never thought of it that way." F'Nai replied. "Are you ready for sex now?"
"Well, it's still kind of close to what I did with Thera," I answered, "but I can try."
She shook her head.
"No. You show me your bed and lay down. I will make you ready, okay?"
"Okay." I said with a shrug. "I'm curious to see how you will make me ready though."
"On your stomach." she instructed. "You'll find out."
I did as she wanted, and before I knew it, her hands were kneading all the muscles in my neck, arms, shoulders and back. She gave me a full massage, which was absolutely wonderful. She gradually worked her way down to my ass, where she kneaded my butt cheeks as well. It felt very nice and relaxing. She continued all the way to my feet, relaxing them as well, rubbing her thumbs against my soles, and oddly enough, causing some arousal in my penis.
"Now on your back." she said.
I rolled over, and she worked her way back up my legs, pushing her thumbs firmly into the inner regions of my thighs and then my groin; rolling them up against my balls as she cupped them gently in her hands. I was beginning to grow erect, so she gently grasped my cock and began tugging on it until I was totally hard.
F'Nai climbed onto the bed and straddled me; settling onto my throbbing cock and gently riding me. Her huge belly was directly in my face, so I caressed it for a bit before going for her balloon-like hooters. Her nipples hardened as I played with her tits, and grew outwards until they were at least an inch and a quarter long. They were amazing!
She continued riding me; balancing herself by placing her hands on my chest. She moved slowly up and down, stroking my dick wonderfully with her cunt. Soon, I could feel an impending orgasm, and I sighed as it built. Finally, I could take it no more and erupted inside her enormous pregnant belly, as I stared at it in fascination.
"Oh F'Nai!" I gasped. "That was so wonderful! Thank you so much!"
She smiled at me.
"You are quite welcome." she responded, as she slowly lifted herself from my hips and rolled onto the bed. "I enjoyed it as well."
Her gigantic tubular belly and tits were sticking straight up, almost as if gravity had been inverted. It was an absolutely amazing sight to see!
"I felt you squirt your load inside my belly!" F'Nai gushed. "It was so warm. I wish Hedons could cum that hard. I'll bet with your emerald eyes and strength, and being able to fuck like you did at dinner and cum so hard, you'd be pretty popular with the ladies here if you decided to stay."
"I keep getting told that." I replied. "I have a job offer already if I want it too. I'm seriously starting to consider it."
"You mean as a law official?" she inquired. "You'd be terrific at that! Maybe you could meet the other Terran too."
"Other Terran?" I echoed.
"Yes. There's been a rumor for yarhne, that a Terran female secretly joined the Safety Force," she explained, "but nobody's ever been able to confirm it. If she did, she's keeping her identity a secret for some reason. Well, I need to go. My husband is expecting me soon. Good day, Jack, and thank you again."
She let herself out, leaving me spent on the bed to ponder what she had just said. I remembered quite well, the grip that Athena had when we shook hands. Was it possible that she was the secret Terran officer? Was that why she winked at me after giving me such a firm grip? I would find out in good time, but for now, it was time for my tired ass to get some sleep.
I awoke the following morning well into the day, and showered before heading down to the lobby level to get something to eat before I left for my first day of real exploration on this intriguing planet. Luckily, they had a Terran menu, and I was able to get pancakes, eggs and sausage; although I wasn't quite certain what species the eggs and sausage were made from. It tasted quite good, however, so at this point I really didn't care, as long as the eggs weren't from some giant larva or something.
As I passed the front counter, I heard a voice call my name out.
"Hi Jack!"
I turned, expecting to see Thera, but was pleasantly surprised to see Athena instead.
"Hi Athena!" I said enthusiastically, in reply.
She looked quite different, with her hair down and no badge around her neck, but she was still very beautiful; possibly even more so, than she had been the night before.
"Where are you headed today?" she inquired, as she fell into step with me.
"To the forest." I replied. "I'm sort of into silviculture back on Terra, and I love the California redwoods. I understand these are very similar, just a lot bigger and taller. It's always been my dream to see them."
"I like them too." Athena responded. "Maybe we could take the trip together, and have sex in the forest later on?"
"That would be nice." I agreed. "There's room in my hovercraft for you."
I placed my arm around her waist and she did likewise. We seemed like the perfect couple, as we headed out the entrance toward the parking enclosure across the street. As we reached the other side, we encountered an odd-looking creature standing next to what resembled a chiropractic couch back home. It had a number of tentacles that it moved around on, and an odd shaped mouth. It chattered excitedly the closer we got, and Athena smiled at me.
"You've never seen a Suckoid before, have you?" she inquired.
"I have no idea what it is." I replied, staring at the thing in fascination. "What is it?"
"A biologically-engineered life form that gets all its nourishment from the protein found in semen." she explained. "It was developed to give a man the most intense orgasm he could ever imagine, so that it can extract as much semen as possible to feed itself. It won't hurt you. Would you like to experience it?"
"Um, I-I don't know." I stammered.
"You'll love it!" Athena said encouragingly. "This is your vacation. You came here for sex and public nudity. Go ahead and try it, Jack. Only thing is, it will make you cum so hard you and I won't be able to have sex until late tonight or early tomorrow morning. It will literally drain every last drop of sperm it can suck out of your body, to get the most nourishment it can. I don't mind waiting though, if you'd like the best dick sucking you're ever going to experience."
"Um, okay." I agreed. "What do I do?"
"Take your shoes off. Get totally nude. Then lay face down on the table and put your penis through the hole." she explained. "Then, just relax and let it do what it was designed for."
"Okay." I agreed, as I lay down on the table.
"Relax Jack." Athena said soothingly. "Let it do its job."
I turned my head to one side and closed my eyes, taking a deep breath and letting my body try and relax as much as possible. Something warm and wet engulfed my cock; drawing a partial vacuum and sliding up and down the shaft much like a normal blowjob, but then something else gripped the base and began tugging rhythmically while the other portion continued the sucking and sliding.
So far, I was in pure heaven. I didn't think it could get any better, but then I felt something contact my anus. Remembering Athena's advice, I relaxed my ass and let whatever it was do what it wanted. Something warm and slippery pushed inside my asshole; filling it and probing around for my prostate. Suddenly, it contacted my sensitive gland and surrounded it with a pulsating, vibrating massage.
"Oh fuck!" I gasped.
My entire lower half was bathed in orgasmic pleasure, yet I was nowhere near ready to cum yet. This was only the precursor to build up as much protein-rich fluid as it could before I came. Just as I thought it couldn't get any better, something slipped over my feet and began massaging them as well. What the connection between a man's feet and an enhanced orgasm is, is unknown, but it's a nice combination. This was all on top of everything else I was experiencing at the same time.
"Oh my god, this feels so fucking good!" I groaned.
"Just relax, Jack." Athena coaxed. "You still have another five minutes or so before you cum. Enjoy it while it lasts."
"Five minutes, oh fuck!"
I couldn't believe how fucking good all of this felt! Athena was right, this thing had been designed to cause maximum pleasure and extract as much protein as possible, while also hooking the recipient on getting sucked off again, so this thing could continue to feed. Suddenly, I felt the pleasure intensifying, as if it couldn't get any better. I felt the strongest, most intense climax I had ever experienced, on top of the ten minutes or so of orgasmic feelings I had leading up to it. Everything in my body relaxed, and I could feel the semen running out of my cock like a garden hose. No ejaculatory spurts; just a single, solid flow that lasted almost ten seconds. It must have milked at least half a cup out of my body, between the pure sperm it drained from my balls and the extra semen it tricked my body into producing.
I lay there for almost a minute, as everything retracted from my body, unable to move. Tears of pure joy streamed from my eyes as Athena helped me to roll off the padded table and stand up.
"Are you okay?" she inquired, as the Suckoid busily cleaned itself up.
"Yes." I managed to reply. "Let's get going. Oh my god that was the best thing I've ever felt, Athena! You were right; it was worth waiting to have sex with you later on, to experience this. Thank you for suggesting it."
"Buy me dinner tonight, and we'll call it even." she said with a laugh. "I'm glad you got to experience it. I wish with all my being they could create something like that for women, but so far they just can't seem to get it to work right. A good, old-fashioned Terran-made Sybian is still the best thing we can experience ourselves."
"I'll definitely buy you dinner." I sighed. "I can't wait to have sex with you later on, too."
I managed to locate my hovercraft in the fifty-story tall parking structure, and soon we were headed for the edge of town and into the shady forest of giant redwood trees. They began as soon as the city ended, much like cities in northern Russia back on Terra, and I couldn't believe just how big they actually were! I also couldn't believe how dark it was in there either.
In the Terran redwoods, it seemed a little dim, but you didn't realize it until you tried to take a picture and found it had to be a timed exposure. Here, it was abundantly obvious that it was like perpetual twilight. What little sunlight filtered down was less than a quarter of what it was like outside the forest. I found a parking area and pulled in to stop and admire the scenery.
"Let's go for a walk!" I suggested excitedly, as I strained to look up.
Athena joined me, and we ambled down a pathway that wound through the ancient forest. The trees were no less than a hundred feet across, and some were almost half again that diameter, with heights reaching up to around fifteen hundred feet. I felt like an ant, as we followed the path through a giant forest that had to be many thousands of yarhne old; perhaps even tens of thousands.
"This is amazing!" I said breathlessly. "I would so love to build a cabin in these trees and live here forever."
"Take the job that Puppis offered you last night and I'm sure you can find some land in the forest." Athena responded. "Most people prefer to live in the cities, but a few brave souls choose to live out here. I think you'd manage just fine."
"Why do they like to live in town?" I inquired.
"Because Hedons aren't a very brave bunch." she explained. "They don't like conflict, or to get involved with other people's problems. It's a whole society built on a collective comfort zone. What you did last night in the restaurant, is what they all secretly wish they had the guts to do themselves. Someone like you could go far here, Jack.
"If you moved here, you would have the courage they all lack, the strength they dream of, and the ability to ascend through society. If you start out as a Safety Force officer, you would get a lot of respect. Then, maybe you could run for office or something, once your tenure is up. Imagine how you could lead these people, Jack."
"These people?" I inquired. "Aren't you one of them yourself, or is that why you gripped my hand last night like a female wrestler back home? You're not a Hedon, are you Athena? I've heard tell that there's a Terran on the Safety Force, and I think it's you. What do you say to that?"
She didn't reply, but instead reached out and grabbed me by the waist, hoisting me up and turning me upside down so that she could suck my dick in an insane position. She then tossed me up in the air and caught me gently as I fell back down.
"I say that you and I could kick the living shit out of each other on this planet if we wanted to." she replied. "We could also be a team that no one else would dare fuck with. I can't run for office because I'm female, but you could. You could gain immense power in this region, and then I could be your queen.
"Imagine it Jack! You look and act just like their ancient comic hero, Mr. Marvel. I could be your sexy sidekick; Stargirl. We'd be like gods to them. Public officials that help others out for no reason. We would be their saviors, Jack! I've been waiting for someone like you to come into my life for the past eleven yarhne and make this happen. We would be treated like royalty. You could become Lord Jack, and I would be your Lady Athena."
"Didn't we fight the British to end that?" I inquired.
"I don't want to own them." she responded with a slight pout. "In fact, I want to help them. I just want to use them in the process. You can't tell me you've never dreamed of being a superhero, Jack."
"We're not immortal." I reminded her. "If we piss them off, we're susceptible to getting shot."
"But they would love us! Just like that old Chinese guy that unified all those tribes, what was his name?"
"Genghis Khan."
"Yeah, that's him! Everyone loved him. He taught them new knowledge and all sorts of stuff. We could do that too, Jack. Come on, at least think about it?"
"All right." I agreed grudgingly. "But later. I came out here to enjoy this giant forest and I intend to."
"Race you." Athena challenged me.
I glanced around and we seemed to have the place to ourselves.
"Okay."
We set off, sprinting in the low gravity. Loping was akin to a slow jog where you sort of bounded along high and easily like an antelope in slow motion, but we were covering close to fifty feet with each stride and hitting speeds approaching fifty miles per hour. We covered the three mile trail loop in two and a half minutes, with Athena slightly ahead of me.
"You've been practicing!" I alleged, bending over slightly to catch my breath.
"Actually I haven't." she replied. "When I'm not on duty or in public, I have weighted boots and gloves to keep my muscles from atrophying and becoming one of them. I also go to the gym and work out with a lot of extra weight. I have to be careful, so as to not reveal myself, but if you worked out and had a body like Puppis, you'd be able to lift a crashed flying bus.
"I haven't been running in a long time. I'm afraid to. I don't want people knowing I'm from Terra, in case I ever need that strength. It's a bitch too. I'm an Emerald too; just like you. I have to wear colored contact lenses to keep people from seeing it. My whole life here is a lie. So... why don't you and I take advantage of that and make a different lie that would benefit us so much more?"
"I'll think about it; I mean it." I promised. "Just give me some time. Moving to a new planet and becoming Captain Chaos or whoever he is-"
"Mr. Marvel."
"Yeah, him. I'll think about it, Athena. By the way, what is your real name?"
"Athena. It's why no one ever questioned me. I was born here to Terran parents. They raised me as a Hedon, but taught me how to keep my Terran superiority."
"Fair enough. Let's continue our drive, and then dinner's on me."
"Sounds good." she said, as she snuggled against me. "We'd make a really nice couple, with beautiful children."
"I was kind of relishing the thought of being sought after for sex if I moved here." I responded. "Now I have a whole new angle to consider."
"Take your time, Sweetheart." she said reassuringly. "You'll still have that allure, but so will I, so let's be careful what we both do, shall we?"
We spent the afternoon gliding through the giant forest's understory; enjoying the immensity of the trees and each others company, before finally returning to Gomorrah. I found a parking spot on the 45th floor of the parking structure, and we exited the vehicle.
"At least this time, I know there are sky bridges over the street every ten levels, so we don't have to go all the way down and back up again." I said ruefully.
"You'll learn." Athena said gently. "Don't let a mistake or two get you down. Remember, we're both human."
"But not them." I pointed out.
"No, they are not." she stated flatly. "They are fragile creatures that you and I could easily crush with our bare hands if we wanted to."
"I know." I said regretfully. "I really hurt that guy last night. I didn't mean to. Even when I tried to be nice and help him up, I accidentally jerked his arm out of its socket. Jesus, if I'd have been mad, I could have torn his arm right off."
"Just be careful." Athena advised. "Try not to show off for now, and take the time to learn all of the customs here. The more we can appear to help them, the better. Got it?"
Yeah, I got it all right. And the more I got it, the more I was reminded of history back on Terra. Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. I'm sure that King Louis and Marie Antoinette felt pretty charitable to their subjects at the beginning too, but I seem to remember it ending rather badly for them.
We took the sky bridge over the street far below at the 50th floor, and got on the vertical ascender to take us skyward.
"Let's get cleaned up at my place, Darling." Athena cooed into my ear. "It's not like we have to worry about what to wear. I do want to put my face on though, and my favorite pair of high heels."
"I'm fine with that." I agreed.
We spent the next hour or so showering and getting ready, although it was mostly she who was getting ready. Despite not wearing any clothes, she was still dressed to kill, with a killer pair of shoes, a thin golden waist chain and makeup that made her a drop-dead gorgeous knockout. Damn, she'd be a prize back on Terra!
Athena and I arrived at the Skytop Lounge and were promptly seated for dinner. Once again, Cassiopeia was the server, and she smiled at me warmly.
"Well hello there, Jack." she greeted me. "So nice to see you again. And Athena, my goodness, you look absolutely stunning!"
"Thank you." my date replied with a coy smile. "I feel stunning too, for some reason."
She winced slightly, as I kicked her shin under the table. She glared at me, but said nothing.
"I'll be right back with your drinks." Cassie said with a smile.
"What the fuck did you do that for?!" Athena demanded.
"Stop overdoing it." I replied. "You may have some advice for me while I'm learning the customs, but you'd damned well better take mine as well when you overplay your hand. You want me to be the politician, fine. Then listen to what I tell you. Don't get cocky. A Hedon would never do that. Now be quiet and look pretty; Cassie's coming back with our drinks."
Athena pasted a phony smile on her face as our server returned.
"And what will you have tonight, Jack?" she inquired.
"Same as last night." I replied. "That roasted Lancelot or whatever it was, was delicious."
"The EXElot." she corrected, as she wrote it down. "I don't believe King Arthur would appreciate us roasting his favorite knight for dinner. And you, Athena, what would you like?"
"Spaghetti and meatballs." she replied, giving me a smirk.
"An unusual request, but I think the chef can prepare it." Cassie replied.
She turned and headed for the kitchen.
"You just had to push it!" I hissed. "What has gotten into you?"
Suddenly, my date turned pale and seemed contrite.
"I don't know." she responded. "I guess I was jealous or some-"
Her voice was suddenly cut off as a loud crash could be heard at one of the window grids near our table. A black object about the size of my fist punched through the clear polycarbonate pane and bounced wildly across the floor.
Since Hedon was such a small planet, the atmosphere at this height was akin to that of close to 70,000 feet on Terra. There was no terminal velocity to speak of to slow the meteoroid down to less than 600 miles per hour, much less the 120 we had back home, and the rock punched through the tough window material effortlessly. The relative lack of pressure outside compared to that inside the lounge created a gale force wind that began sucking everything toward the hole and expelling it out into the edge of space.
Napkins, plates and tablecloths flew past us like snowflakes, as we stood and fought our way toward the depressurized hole. We were just as weightless as the Hedons, but both Athena and I had the strength of Hercules compared to them. I was determined to get one of the tables across the breach to block it, but that twenty feet may as well have been twenty miles. One poor guy who lost his grip sailed through the air and landed against the hole, screaming in agony as his insides were sucked out into the partial vacuum outside.
Despite the tragedy, it gave me a quick respite to let go of the railing and head for the breach as his withering body provided a temporary block against the negative pressure outside. I desperately tried to get a table into position to take his place, but to my consternation, it was bolted to the effing floor!
Just then, the remainder of the guy was pushed through the hole and once again, the wind picked up, screaming past me in a deafening roar. I caught some movement out of the corner of my eye, and saw a young girl flying through the air. Determined she would not suffer the same fate, I let the wind pin me to the railing, and I caught her in my arms.
"Nice catch!" Athena called out.
To my surprise, she was right next to me.
"Take her!" I shouted, handing the child over to her.
I was still determined to find something to patch the hole, but suddenly the wind subsided. The atmosphere inside the restaurant was almost gone. Now, we were faced not with being sucked outside, but dying from decompression and extreme cold. Unlike in the movies, we would not explode or even swell to a grotesque size, but die we would, nonetheless.
The wind died to a gentle breeze, and suddenly a tremendous rush of cold air invaded the space. It had to be 70 degrees below zero, and with the lack of air pressure, I could feel the moisture on my tongue, lips and eyeballs boiling away. It was an odd sensation, like those fizzy candies we used to eat as kids; the way they felt on our tongues is exactly what I felt on my eyeballs, and it wasn't very pleasant! Neither was the extreme cold, and with no clothes on to protect me, I was certain to be hypothermic in a matter of seconds.
I was beginning to lose consciousness, yet I still fought on; determined to survive. I found a tablecloth that had gotten tangled in the railing, and poured a boiling pitcher of room temperature water onto it and shoved it into the hole. It instantly froze in place; acting like a fiberglass patch. The breach was temporarily fixed, but we all faced both the extreme cold and almost zero air pressure that had flooded the space.
With my vision rapidly fading and freezing cold, I leaped across the expanse in two jumps, to one of the ascenders and pushed the button for one of the cars. Miraculously there was one on our level, and as the doors opened, a rush of warm, sweet air flooded the lounge. Slowly, everyone began regaining consciousness, and the first sight to greet their eyes were both Athena and myself standing over them; Athena holding the little girl tightly in her arms.
"So you wanted us to be superheros to these people?" I inquired, as I took the child back. "Well now, Stargirl; this our opportunity to shine. We just exposed ourselves to the vacuum of space and saved close to five hundred people from dying. What are you going to tell them? By the way, your contacts flew out. You're an Emerald now too. Your cover's blown."