Mark discovers his wife's cousins have benefits. It's a complicated Eastern Kentucky story.
**********************
This story is a hybrid of exhibitionism/voyeur and incest, with some group sex thrown in. I hope you like it. Comments are welcome.
***********************
My wife was a wonderful woman. She worked as an ER nurse in a hospital as I went to medical school. We were as poor as church mice, as the saying goes, but we were in love and it was okay. Sally had understood that med school was only the beginning. After med school was finished there would be being an intern and residency but she had the patience of Job. Our love for each other just grew stronger.
By the time I was done and earning some decent money, I was 30 and Sally was 27. Sally may have been 27, but she had the hard, tight body of a 17-year-old and the sophistication of a 37-year-old. I don't know how she did it. Sure, she went to the gym and all that, but I think basically it's just good genes. Sally swam in the deep end of the gene pool.
If people have two poles, a positive and a negative, in their emotional centers, Sally was a monopole. She was always positive. She gave new meaning to the phrase 'salt of the earth.'
Sally's body was to die for, or at least it was for my taste. Her pretty face coupled with her body were what attracted me of course in the first place, when I was a senior in college and she was a cute little freshman, wide eyed and bushy tailed, just waiting to be ravished by a senior such as myself. It wasn't her body or her talent in bed that kept me fascinated and loyal, however. It was her wondrous way of being. I fell hard for that woman.
I don't know what Sally saw in me. That's for her to say. I was just glad she saw whatever it is she saw that keeps her in love with me. Our love has now lasted nine great years.
As for sex, Sally was a natural. She seemed to know exactly how to please a man and most importantly how to please me. Since she was barely 18 when we met, I had always assumed I was her first, or maybe her second if she had a boyfriend in high school or something. I assumed she had natural talent and knew exactly what to do to get me turned on through some sort of feminine instinct.
Since I assumed I was her first lover or at least her first serious lover, it also made me her only. I was a bit worried that at some point she would get restless, wondering what she was missing by restricting her carnal knowledge just to me, but luckily there was never even the slightest indication that was the case.
There are aspects of Sally I found contradictory. She was a shy, proper woman. She kept her body covered and never showed any more skin than was necessary. Her blouses had high necks. She typically wore them accompanied by a choker string of pearls.
Her skirts were always the proper length, falling to her knees or just slightly above. She had ramrod straight posture and stuck out her boobs, but with her it was just a natural way of being and not at all provocative. She did not dress to attract men. Sure, she attracted me, but that was mostly due to her pretty face.
Alone with me, however, and in the bedroom with the blinds down, her modesty disappeared. After the first time we ever made love, she no longer had any problem with prancing around nude with me in the apartment, her boobs jiggling just a little, as long as the blinds were down. The blinds had to be down.
She was also an enthusiastic, no holds barred lover. She was up for anything and everything. She loved trying new positions, she actually enjoyed anal, and she learned to deep throat and to give the best blowjobs east of the Mississippi. She even enjoyed letting me tie her up and 'punish' her in the usual pretend, sex game sort of way. I knew I would never get bored with her.
Sally was a feminist and a liberal, but not in the customary ways. For example, she believed in a woman's right to choose, but she thought abortion was murder. "Do you think it is okay for a woman to commit murder if she chooses to have an abortion?" I asked her once.
"Yes, yes I do. It's a spiritual murder, not a civil murder. A fetus does not get a tax deduction. A fetus does not have the right to bear arms, or even to have bare arms. If the woman has a miscarriage, the fetus is not given last rites, nor is it buried, nor even named. It's not death until the baby is born. Therefore it is not murder until the baby is born. Spiritually however, for me at least, it's still murder. The woman will have to live with that black mark on her soul," she replied.
I disagreed with Sally. For me, it was simple. A woman has the right to choose, period. It's her body, after all. We also disagreed about politics, often strongly, and yet we always seemed to vote the same way. I was fascinated with Sally's mind. She always had surprises in store for me.
How Sally dressed was conservative. Certainly, she was always completely correct in her dress for work, and she never tried to look sexy. That's probably smart behavior for a nurse who works in a hospital, especially if she is married and not on the make to land a doctor. When we would step out for a fun evening, for example dinner and dancing, she would also dress conservatively. She would inevitably be the dowdiest woman at the club. I did not mind because I knew once we got home she would be a sexual tigress in bed.
Indeed, once we were home Sally always lost her shy ways. Alone with her husband she would strip naked and let me do to her whatever I wanted. She would blow me and swallow and as I mentioned earlier she even liked anal. She let me take sexy pictures of her too, as long as they were strictly for my own use. I had no complaints about Sally. She was my dream wife.
Like all people, including me of course, Sally had her own little quirks. One of them was closet space. When we moved to New York where I had my residency we rented a studio apartment with the world's smallest closet. Sally, who likes both shoes and clothes, complained constantly. We bought an armoire, but that took up both scarce wall space and floor space. Basically, we just did not have enough room.
I wish it had not happened by tragedy, but it did. My parents happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, and a drunken driver ended up killing them both. This knocked me for a huge, major loop and I came close to a nervous breakdown. Luckily, I was married to an angel, who was also a nurse, and Sally nursed me through the trauma of the sudden loss of both parents. Losing your parents prematurely is a blow for anyone but to lose them in such a gratuitous, violent manner makes it all the more difficult to cope.
When the dust cleared our marriage was stronger than ever, and I had inherited two million dollars after taxes from my parents, most of it coming from the sale of their home and their vacation home, and some from their retirement savings. A large chunk came from the insurance of the drunken driver.
This meant we were able to buy an apartment in New York. We had fun looking for one and we found one in Manhattan on the west side behind Columbus Circle amongst a cluster of high rise buildings.
We put ourselves on a budget and bought only the furniture that was absolutely necessary. We decided we preferred to wait to buy things we really loved, when we would eventually have the money. One of the items we postponed buying was blinds and curtains. Sally said she loved the sunlight, and I too thought maximizing the sunlight we got would help the mild depression I was still enduring related to the death of my parents.
The one exception was our bedroom. There we felt we needed some blinds for privacy for when we were dressing or making love. Sally was shy about her body except for me. For just me, and only in our bedroom, she had no qualms about being naked. She would then throw on a nightshirt over her beautiful naked body to leave the bedroom, for example to go to the kitchen in the morning to make coffee.
I began to notice a new side of Sally I had never even suspected was there. Nine years with her, six of marriage, and this was a big surprise. How often does that happen? It was when the nightshirt she slept in became old and it began to tear a bit at the seam.
Sally would wear the nightshirt around the apartment, nude underneath it, until she was dressed for the day. She also wore it around the apartment at night after she got ready for bed but was still hanging out with me. I had always enjoyed the nightshirt on Sally because it hugged her boobs a little, and her nipples would poke at the fabric, as if to say 'good morning' to me.
The rip in the seam began to grow as seam rips will do if one does not make a stitch in time. By now Sally needed way more than nine stitches and the need was growing almost on a daily basis. The rip now went up her leg exposing quite a bit of her thigh. I thought it looked sexy, and I told Sally that. Her reply was to blush and to giggle, saying she was waiting to replace it until she had the time to go negligee shopping. She was tired of nightshirts.
The rip progressed, but Sally sat in a way where her leg was not too exposed, and her privates were always covered. At least she sat that way most of the time. As the evenings wore on however and we were both getting sleepy Sally would become careless.
Sally would let the nightshirt fall away according to the rip, revealing her right leg from ankle to hip. This surprised me because with no blinds or curtains, after dark with the lights on, our apartment was like a fishbowl for the neighbors to view from the other high-rise buildings. The only private rooms were the bathroom and our bedroom.
When she got up to walk, if her right side faced the windows as it often did, she would reveal to the window an expanse of her luscious female flesh from ankle to the top of her hip. The nightshirt would come tantalizingly close to flashing a bit of her pussy too, but it never did.
A few weeks later Sally's nightshirt ripped dramatically once again and now it was open on her right side all the way to her armpits. I kind of enjoyed it. She still wore it around the apartment in the early morning and late at night, and I could get nice glimpses of the sides of her boobs from time to time, and even the rare glimpse of her nipple on her right boob. Her nightshirt revealed a vast expanse of flesh on the right side of her body from her ankles to her hips to the top of her luscious torso.
I always thought Sally's boobs were things of beauty. They were perfection themselves if you will, being neither small nor big, but pert with perfect nipples framed in a lovely way by her bright pink areolas. Getting glimpses of them turned me on. Knowing the neighbors could see glimpses too also - I'm ashamed to admit - turned me on. It turned me on something fierce.
There were also the flashes of her pussy and not just to me but also to the neighbors across the way, had they been looking at the right moments. It was so hot. I loved it.
It was strange. I did not need these sexy glimpses of my wife's body. I was her husband and lover, and I could get a full frontal whenever I wanted. Somehow though being given unexpected nice, healthy peeks seemed special. Around the apartment Sally made no efforts to be modest since there were only Sally herself and me in the apartment. For some reason the hordes of neighbors in the neighboring buildings who could see into our little fishbowl when the sun was down and the lights were on did not factor into our thinking.
Perhaps I should have said 'did not factor into Sally's thinking.' In actuality, I thought about how Sally was potentially (and probably) exposing herself a little bit to our neighbors across the way. It was on a somewhat constant basis when she walked around in her torn nightshirt and the idea turned me on. I thought of it as victimless exhibitionism. It seemed to me it was harmless and I was content just to enjoy it.
One of the perks of living in New York is that you can get the New York Times delivered to your door in the morning. The Times people drop off the papers in the building lobby, and the staff of the building distribute them to people's doors. Every day either Sally or I would step outside our apartment into the hallway to pick up the paper. It arrived between 7AM and 8AM. We would have to bend over to pick it up off the floor of course.
On those days when Sally picked up the paper, which were most days, she would still be wearing her torn nightshirt, naked underneath, and anyone who happened to be in the hallway would be treated to a lovely up close and personal view of the entire side of her body. When she would bend over the torn nightshirt would billow out and reveal her adorable but primarily sexy naked breasts. It would be a fleeting but rather spectacular show. I think it was at best only rarely enjoyed, since the potential lucky voyeur would have to be in the hallway, looking in the right direction, at just the right time, around 7:30AM.
One time I was up early and saw Sally going outside into the hallway for the paper and heard her talking. I looked through the peephole and saw her chatting away happily with one of our immediate neighbors, a man of around forty years of age. He was good looking, I knew. I was fairly sure he was getting one hell of a view, too, since Sally's right side, open for viewing, was the side facing his roving eyes.
Our bedroom shares a wall with his apartment and it's possible he can hear some noises we make if we are loud enough. After the discussion with the neighbor Sally came back to bed and we made love. Sally was already wet and ready to go and attacked me like an animal in heat. She was significantly noisier than she normally is, screaming out her orgasm at a record decibel level. I loved it, but I knew Sally was supplementing her show with audio to aid our neighbor's fantasy of ravishing her.
I had the creepy feeling she might have been imagining it was our neighbor instead of myself who was fucking her for all he was worth. You never know what goes in another person's mind, but that's what I suspected just then. What I got out of it was a great and passionate fuck.
It was sometime after my wife's 'inadvertent' exhibitionist displays began that I noticed a tiny Bluetooth enabled small camera someone had placed on the ceiling of the hallway. It was aimed directly at our front door. I pretended not to notice it while silently wondering who had placed it there? My leading suspect was our neighbor, the one who Sally flashed via her torn nightshirt. I knew he was good with computers; I had even asked for his help when I was setting up our WIFI for the first time. I idly wondered if he had been posting his little videos of my wife on the Internet somewhere?
My wife finally gave up on her nightshirt. She threw it away, but still had not found the time to choose a replacement. Instead she wore a white gauze T shirt to bed. This meant there were no more inadvertent glimpses of her wonderful boobs. As if to compensate the T shirt clung sexily to her boobs and one could make out the shape of her boobs as well as her nipples and even her areolas through the thin gauzy cotton of her T shirt. So I was a happy camper.
The T shirt stopped just above her belly button and she would pull on a pair of the world's skimpiest gym shorts to cover her privates when she would leave the bedroom. I loved those gym shorts because the legs were cut wide and one could see her panties underneath them if she were seated. Since she did not wear panties in the early morning and late at night, the view was improved mightily, you might say. I got in the habit of sitting where I could casually look up her gym shorts to see her pussy. Sally sat facing the windows, so in theory the neighbors could see her pussy too, if they had binoculars or something like that.
I became curious about the voyeurs across the way. Her new outfits after the torn nightshirt were plenty interesting, since they revealed a lot about her breasts. To slake my curiosity, I myself bought some powerful binoculars with a night vision option. One time while my wife was watching TV around 10PM, I quietly went to our bedroom, keeping the lights off in the bedroom. I took my binoculars and scanned the windows of the high-rise directly across from us. I saw a man looking at our apartment using his own binoculars, and another man who was using a telescope to view my wife. He must have gotten a great view right up her legs and under her shorts to her nicely trimmed bush!
Habits die hard, and when my wife would get the New York Times in the morning, she would still be wearing her bed clothes, but now she would be wearing the revealing see through top and her skimpy gym shorts. Her top half was not that modest, with her nipples and areolas showing through the thin cotton of her clingy T shirt. She thought nobody ever saw her, since the probability was small someone would both come into the hallway and look at my wife at the same time. She was only out of the apartment for around five seconds, after all. Even if it happened that someone got an eyeful, it would be a highly fleeting eyeful.
The exception was the owner of the Bluetooth enabled camera. This was a big exception in my opinion. I suspected our neighbor was spying on our door using the blue tooth camera. Perhaps that allowed him to time his exit from his apartment as my wife was bent over picking up the newspaper. One time he surprised Sally when he said good morning. It startled Sally. I could tell as I watched through the peephole.
Even though the man could clearly see every single detail of my wife's boobs through her T shirt, now that she was caught, she just stood there smiling and they discussed banalities while he drank in the view. As if to up the ante yet another neighbor emerged and came over to say good morning. The second neighbor joined the banal conversation. I'm sure he joined just to drink in the site of Sally's boobs.
Throughout Sally was smiling and enjoying herself. My wife had morphed into an exhibitionist tease! I was stunned. I raced back to bed and we had another super noisy hot time in the bedroom, as once again no doubt Sally was imagining something sexy. Maybe she was imagining the two neighbors were watching us fuck? Or maybe she was imagining I was one of the neighbors and the other one was watching or perhaps even waiting for his turn with her? She was at her noisiest, and my speculation was that she was hoping the neighbor was listening through the wall.
Finally, as regards the exhibitionism, I took pity on my wife. She had to know she was taking a flagrant risk with the newspaper, but perhaps she was unaware of the spying neighbors across the way? I decided to raise the subject. I knew it would kill my own voyeuristic fun, and also my vicarious fun fueled via my over-imaginative lust for my wife. I felt I had to do it, though, just because I loved her.
I explained to her what she was doing. "You know Sally," I said, "without curtains the neighbors can see into our apartment, especially when the sun is down and our lights are on."
"Of course I know that, Mark," she said. "We can see into their apartments, too. One guy across the way even watches us with binoculars! He has to get a life."
"Do you know why he watches our apartment?" I asked.
"Yes. He likes watching me expose myself a little. I threw away the torn nightshirt though, so now he'll probably stop. He gets off on watching. He's a voyeur," she said.
I was stunned. She knew. Of course she knew. Women always know.
"That does not bother you?" I asked.
"Why should it? I'm in my own apartment and I can dress, or not dress, as I like, right? I could take off my gym shorts right now, if I wanted to. I could even go stark naked if I wanted to. It's his problem if he wants to waste his time looking at me and waste his money on things like binoculars. I'd feel sorry for him, but frankly, Mark, he's a creep," Sally said.
I had not been expecting that.
"Are you upset with me?" Sally nervously asked.
"No, not at all," I said. "You're right. It's our apartment, and inside our apartment we can do as we like. There's no question about it," I said.
Sally looked relieved at my answer. "Should I really give him a thrill?" she asked. Her eyes were twinkling with mischief.
I looked at her puzzled. "Sure," I said, still not knowing what she meant.
Sally smiled a wicked smile at me and she took off her white gauze T shirt, rendering herself naked above the waist. She then sauntered over to the window to fetch a book she had left on the window seat earlier that day. She was giving a full-frontal view of her boobs to the window. She turned to give the voyeurs a wonderful view of her boobs in profile. She completed the 180 after a little pause to show off her backside, too.
Sally looked at me with a twinkle in her eye, and said, "Shall I take it further for the voyeurs across the street? What do you think?"
I said, "Sure. Go for it, babe." I wondered if she would have the courage to become completely nude?
"Why don't you do it? Pretend you want to ravish me or something and rip off my gym shorts. I'll slap you and then giggle while you carry me off to the bedroom," she said, her eyes twinkling.
"If I do that, I will indeed want to ravish you, my dear," I replied. "We may not make it to the bedroom."
"I have limits, lover. It's the bedroom or it's nothing at all," Sally said. I just looked at her.
Sally giggled. "Well, it's Sunday and you don't have to heal the world today and I'm free too. Can you think of something better to do?" Sally said.
I did not need any elaboration. I stormed over to her and ripped down her gym shorts. Damn, if Sally did not feign a convincing look of shock! She went to cover her bush with her hands, and I ripped her hands from her bush, scooped her shorts off the floor and used her shorts, all twisted up, to tie her hands behind her back. I pushed her over onto the arm of the couch so that her ass was the perfect height. I quickly ripped off my pants and underpants and entered her pussy, finding it wet, warm, and welcoming.
"Oh God you feel good inside me, but not here Mark! Not here! NOT HERE! Oh my God, yes, fuck me right there! But take me to the bedroom, now!" Sally stumbled over the words, needing to try hard to get the words out between groans as my cock did its best imitation of 4500 RPMs. "Please!" she yelled.
I had my hand on her back as I fucked her doggy style, bent over the couch, so that she could not stand up, especially since she was denied the use of her arms.
"This is so humiliating! They're watching us fuck! Please, Mark, NO!" Sally exclaimed, and she began to cry.
Seeing my beloved cry, even while we were having sex, and knowing it was due to me, woke me up and I lifted her up and placed her down onto my cock. She wrapped her legs around me and keeping my cock inside her I walked her to the bedroom. My cock fell out en route and she broke into a run. She fell on the bed on her stomach, her hands still tied behind her back, and she sobbed.
"You bastard!" she said. "You turned harmless fun into total humiliation. Get away from me! Go for a long walk, or something. Walk to Brooklyn, why don't you?" and she resumed crying.
I stroked Sally's hair, trying to be comforting. "GET OUT NOW!" she screamed. "Don't return until I text you that it's okay!"
Chastened, I put on street clothes and left her alone in the apartment. Down on the street I looked up at our window. It was all lit up, truly a fishbowl, but due to the angle I could not see anything. I had an idea. I had one friend, Steve, who lived in the building across from us. His apartment did not face ours, thank goodness, but it was enough to get me into the building.
Once the doorman had let me into the building, I went to the stairwell that faced our apartment and had windows in it. I knew some of Sally's voyeurs often congregated there during showtimes. Sure enough, there was a small cluster of three men hanging out near the perfectly located window engaged in some serious voyeuristic activity.
The men were placing bets. I heard them talking. "She definitely kicked him out. Now she's alone in there. Do you think she'll give us a show?" one said.
Another man said, "Nah. She's too upset. She wasn't ready for public sex. Her idiot lover tried it too soon. He should have waited another month."
They continued their discussion for a few minutes, and then took bets. I was not sure what they were betting on. Suddenly they all became quiet. I looked over at our window and saw why. Sally had entered our living room wearing a robe. Her eyes were red from crying. The men assumed she was naked under the robe. I assumed it, too. I noted her hands were free, so she had managed to remove the little tie I had improvised.
Sally went over to her computer and started using it. We were too far away and had a poor angle so we could not see what was on the screen, but it was clear that whatever it was, Sally found it stimulating. Her hands were in between her legs which were spread. We all assumed she was watching porn. I had no idea Sally ever watched porn!
Suddenly she rose, tightened the belt of her robe, and went to the intercom with the doorman in the lobby. She spoke on the intercom for maybe 30 seconds. She looked alarmed. I know my wife and her look reflected surprise and fear.
She ran to the bedroom and got dressed amazingly quickly. She emerged from the bedroom in a low-cut blouse with no bra (I could tell, even from afar) and her favorite super short flirty skirt from Anthropologie.
She opened the door and let her cousin Keith inside. Sally's situation with her cousins is a strange one. She told me her mother was secretly raped and that her father is not her biological father, but he does not know that. Her father does not even know his wife was raped. She also knew for sure that one of the Bonami brothers raped her but she never knew which one. She had been blindfolded.
One of the Bonami brothers, the one who raped Sally's Mom, was Sally's biological father. Sally's existence was the result of that rape. That made the children of the Bonami brothers her brothers or cousins, depending on which one of the brothers was the rapist.
Keith Bonami was one of those brothers or cousins. None of them knew Sally's Mom was raped by their Dad or possibly their uncle as the case may be, and so they did not know that Sally was either their sister or their first cousin. They thought she was just a girl they knew in high school, their school being deep in the Eastern Kentucky mountains.
Sally had once explained all this to me and she had shown me a picture of around fifteen men and explained they were her first cousins from "the horrible Bonami branch of the family." None of them knew of Sally's status as a cousin, although she had met most of them while in school back home in Kentucky where she was raised.
"Okay men, I guess showtime is over. Lady Godiva has company," one of the men said. I guessed that was what they called my cute and supposedly shy little wife Sally. "I enjoyed the hottest show ever when her partner fucked her for us."
Everyone agreed. They cancelled whatever they had been betting on and they all left except for one guy. He turned to me, "What do think? Do you think she'll fuck this new guy who just came in?"
I was shocked and startled. Obviously, he had not recognized me. I realized it was likely none of the men had ever looked at my face. Their only interest had been in Sally's body and maybe her face, too. "No," I said. "If there was a chance of that, why would the others have left already?"
"Yeah, no doubt you're right. But you never know, do you? She's probably still turned on from that other guy. I think she kicked him out. Now she's turned on, angry, sexually frustrated, and this new guy is there. She's ripe for the plucking, don't you think?" he said.
I knew this was ridiculous but I decided to play along. "Maybe you're right. Let's see what happens."
"Good man. Five bucks says they do it, but in the bedroom. You in?" he asked. He put five dollars down on the window ledge. I matched his with my own five dollars.
"How would you know if they did it or not? We can't see into the bedroom," I said, quite reasonably I thought.
"Well, it would be an inference, I guess. But come on, given the way they're kissing and he's feeling her up under her blouse, if they go to the bedroom it's a cinch they're going to do it."
My head shot up and I looked at our window. Keith and Sally were indeed kissing, and Keith's hands were indeed under Sally's blouse! I watched as he pulled sally's blouse up to her neck and she bleeping raised her arms to let him take it off her! I could not believe this! She was not resisting even one little bit! This was my Sally. This was my conservative, loving, obsessively proper little wife!
Keith was now pawing Sally's boobs, while Sally was removing Keith's shirt. They resumed passionately kissing, and Keith's hand went under Sally's flirty short skirt. I couldn't really tell if he was smiling during the kiss because my eyes were not that good. I suspect however that he was. When her cousin Keith briefly flipped her skirt up, my new friend and I saw that she was without panties.
Keith picked her up and carried her 'off stage' to the bedroom. My new friend smiled and pocketed the ten dollars on the window ledge. He left smirking, leaving me alone there staring at the empty living room of our apartment in a state of shock.
Forty-five minutes later I saw Keith enter our living room. He had that relaxed and happy look of a man who had just enjoyed a great fuck. Sally followed him out, still topless, but wearing her flirty skirt. They had a glass of wine together, they kissed for around five long minutes, Keith molested her boobs some more during the kiss, and then Keith left. Sally went back to the bedroom.
Another half hour passed and I was still glued to my vantage spot, staring at our empty living room. I got a text. "I'm not mad anymore. Come on home and fuck me, Mark."
I came home and when I saw Sally she was dressed and looked radiant. She had a fetching pink glow to her cheeks. "I saw what I think was your cousin Keith in the street a while back. He looked happy, almost smug," I lied.
"He dropped in while you were out just now," Sally said. "Did I ever tell you about Keith and me? You know he's a few years older than I am?"
"Yes, of course. But what do you mean, 'Did you ever tell me?' Tell me now," I said.
"Keith took my virginity a long time ago, Mark," she said. "It was a few years before I met you."
"We met when you were eighteen," I said.
"I know that, Mark," and Sally fell silent. She let me connect the dots.
"Three years before we met?" I asked. Maybe I had heard wrong?
Sally nodded. She was standing straight, her boobs sticking out and prominent.
"Were there many others before we met?" I asked.
Sally nodded. "My teenage years were busy years. But it was always with only my cousins. I kept it in the family," she said.
I was a bit shaken by this revelation after nine years together, with six of those years Sally being my wife. "How many in total?" I asked.
"Well, Keith and his cousins kind of passed me around. None of them knew I was related to them, so none of them knew that we were having incest. I got off on that. I guess I slept with most, well if you must know all, of Keith's cousins in the tri state area, but mostly Kentucky and southern Indiana. You remember that picture of the fifteen of them? It's a big family. Catholics, you know. They like sex, but not birth control. Big families, lots of boys."
I sat down. I did not know what to say.
"As long as I'm telling you this, one time I went out with Keith and he surprised me by taking me to meet four more of his cousins, also therefore my cousins. That turned into my first gangbang," Sally said.
I was speechless. I managed to say, in a hoarse voice, "They gangraped you?"
"No, silly, of course not. They gangbanged me. Nobody took me against my will."
"You said it was your first gangbang. Was there a second, too?" I asked.
"This is turning you on, isn't it, lover?" Sally was looking at my crotch. It was obvious I was aroused.
"Was there a second gangbang?" I asked again.
Sally blushed and looked shyly at her bare feet. "Yes," she said in whisper. "And a third one, too. I was just a bit wild back then."
"Just a bit," I repeated, the sarcasm dripping from my mouth.
"That was then, Mark. It was before college. It was before I met you. Once I met you those days were over. Dead and buried," she said. "Are we okay?" she asked nervously.
"I love you, Sally. You know that. I always will. Yes, we're okay," I said. "I'm just surprised. I thought I knew you."
"I know," Sally said. "Weird, huh? Life is full of surprises, ain't it so?"
Sally continued, "It was not just all me. My brothers enjoyed the charms of all the sisters of our cousins. Every one of my three brothers fucked every single of them and had them begging for more. My brothers are really good in bed." Sally got a dreamy look. "Really, really good." Sally paused, but I did not ask why.
"You have four brothers," I said. "Not three."
She continued, "Albert is gay. It was my brothers who gave me the idea. It was easy seducing my cousins. It was like shooting fish in a barrel," she continued. "None of them ever knew we were their first cousins, either. They still don't know."
"I gave them rights, too. It was Keith's idea, but I liked it at the time. It sounded kinky," she said.
"Rights?" I asked. "What kind of rights?"
"You know how Israel gives the Jews the 'right of return?' Keith called it that, except he meant the right to return to me for sex. Kinky, right? I'd guess you could say we're cousins with benefits," Sally replied.
"So Keith can drop by whenever he wants and you'll simply put out for him? Just like that?" I asked, incredulously.
Sally nodded, looking at her feet. Then she added, "Not only Keith, but his cousins, too. My cousins, actually. They always have to use rubbers, of course, or it's a no go. No rubber means all they can get is a blow job," Sally said. She was telling me this as if it all made sense and was reasonable.
"Sally, that's crazy. It's incest, adultery, and it's sleazy and it makes you a slut," I said, although I said it in a gentle tone.
"I know. It certainly does get you hard, though," Sally said, looking at the now truly pronounced tent in my pants. "And just the idea makes me wet, even today. Especially today," Sally said, suppressing a giggle. I figured she was remembering fucking Keith just an hour before.
"Why are you suddenly telling me all this now?" I asked. I knew but I wanted to hear Sally tell me.
"Because Keith found me while you were out. Up until today, I had been hidden from my cousins. I don't know how he found me. Now he knows my new last name, where I live, and probably he'll tell his cousins. I may become busy, even very busy, and I don't want to keep secrets from you, my love," Sally said.
"I'm not okay with other men having sex with you," I said.
"It's not other men, it's family."
"That does not help, Sally. It makes it worse," I said.
"Then think of them as old lovers returning for some nostalgia sex. They all predate you. They have a prior claim on my body," Sally said, using logic that was special to her.
"Sally, once you married me, you agreed to give up on all former lovers. That's how society works," I said. Anticipating Sally's idiotic rejoinder, I said, "And that includes family. I can't believe I'm saying this!"
"Oh, come on, Mark. Haven't you ever wanted to enjoy your cousin Maria? She's had the hots for you for so long it's not funny!" Sally said. "That's just one example. Your family is chock full of hot women. Your sister Emily is a firecracker."
Sally struck a nerve. I had always lusted for my cousin Maria, and several other cousins as well. Maria however was special. She had the hottest body anywhere, and I just knew her succulent mouth could give me unparalleled pleasure. I never suspected however that Maria might have lusted for me in return. How would Sally know something like that? Anyway, it was out of the question. She was my freaking cousin! And we were both married. No, Maria was just a fantasy. Emily however...
"If I set things up for you and Maria, can I have the occasional flings with my cousins?" Sally asked.
"No," I said. "You're 27 years old. You're a grown woman and you should know better," I said, and then I made the biggest mistake of my marriage. I stupidly, stupidly said, "You're my wife. You belong to me." That was the worst possible thing I could have said to Sally, given her personality.
Sally stared at me. "How dare you say that!" she said, her voice cold, soft, controlled, and therefore menacing. "Yes, I married you. I love you, Mark, and I want to have babies with you. But my body does not belong to you. Women and wives are not the property of men. I belong to myself. My body belongs to me. I have to earn your love every day, and you goddammit have to earn mine! Never try to come between me and my family."
Then Sally giggled, adding, "Especially when they're coming inside me. It's just sex, you know, not love. It's recreation. It's without meaning, but I get off on the kinky aspects of fucking my cousins with them not knowing we're cousins. Some of them are religious to the point where they would be mortified to know they're enjoying incest. And it seems to me they enjoy it. They enjoy it a lot."
Sally got a dreamy look as she said that. She must have been thinking back to how much her cousins had enjoyed her body. For Keith she only had to think back an hour or so.
Sally added, cryptically, "There's more to it which someday I'll explain to you." That remark sort of just hung in the air. A long silence ensued.
"What if they knew you were cousins?" I asked, finally breaking the silence.
"Don't you dare tell them!" Sally suddenly looked scared. The idea that I might tell them who they were fucking, besides the obvious that they were fucking someone's wife and in particular my wife, had never before occurred to Sally. "That would ruin everything, and I would never forgive you."
"Why is it so important to fuck your cousins?" I asked Sally. "Am I not enough for you?"
Sally began to cry. "Make love to me Mark. Then I'll confess all, okay?"
"You just fucked Keith. I'm not in the mood," I said. It was the truth, too. Sally did not lie and claim she had not fucked Keith. Thank goodness for that small favor, anyway.
"I'll let you fuck me in the living room?" Sally asked, between sobs. I thought of my new friends the voyeurs, and how I would love to be able to join them and watch me fuck Sally. Too bad that was not possible.
"I need you to make love with me, Keith. Now. I can't wait until you're in the mood. Can you take a blue pill or something? I'll confess all if you take me now. What else can I offer? Do you want anal again? In the living room?" Sally was trying everything.
"Let's go for a drive," I said.
Sally looked at me strangely, but she nodded.
I reserved a rental car, and we left New York, driving up into the Catskill mountains, along route 17. "Find a hotel with a hot tub, Sally," I said, handing her the AAA guide.
Sally found a Courtyard Marriott in Monticello. "Is there one that's more remote?"
It was far away, but she found a few tourist resort hotels in the Finger Lakes region. It took us five hours but we finally got to a nice, secluded hotel/spa. Sally got busy on her cell phone. I did not know what she was doing, but she was very engaged with it while I drove. It's a five-hour drive to the heart of the Finger Lakes, through the Catskill mountains, and I had to concentrate on the road.
My cousin Maria lived in the Finger Lakes region. I was not sure if Sally knew that or not.
I bought Sally a bright red woman's fitted Cornell T shirt and some swimming trunks for myself. I told her to wear just the T shirt and nothing else. The T shirt barely covered her privates and without a bra or panties, she looked sexy as hell as we left our room and headed over to the hot tub. The T shirt clung to Sally's every curve, and if there is one thing that woman has, it's curves.
I made sure we were alone, and then we both entered the hot tub. Sally had a mischievous smile on her face as she understood my plan. The warm, almost hot water soaked the bottom of Sally's T shirt, and as she sunk down in the water the entire T shirt got wet. When she brought her body up it was as if she were in a wet T shirt contest. Had she been in such a contest, she might well have won first prize.
The red Cornell T shirt clung to her tits, revealing every detail. It was as if she were topless, with bright red tits that said 'Cornell' across them. I was loving it. She reached under the water and pulled off my trunks, and even in the warm, swirling water I was hard for my little wench. It was at that moment another man entered the room.
It was another of her cousins. This could not be a coincidence. This time it was Franklin and I asked her in whisper if he too was a former lover.
"They all are," Sally said.
Sally sank down below water level. The swirling water hid her exposed bright red boobs. Franklin joined us in the hot tub. "He now lives around here," she confessed.
"Sally, is that you? Do you remember me? I'm Franklin. It's been a long time, but I think I could never forget you," Franklin said.
Sally rose up from under the water, revealing her red boobs to Franklin in all of their glory. Franklin's mouth fell open. "This is my husband Mark," she said. "Mark, this is a friend from long ago when I was in high school."
"More than a friend actually, truth be told. Sally and I had some good times together," he said. Sally blushed a bright red and her color matched her T shirt. "Remember you once said I'd always have 'benefits rights?' Is that still the case?"
Boy this guy wasted no time, I thought. This could not be chance, that Franklin just showed up at a hotel hot tub at just the right time, way the hell up here in the middle of nowhere in the Finger Lakes. I'd been set up. I was sure.
Sally looked into the swirling water of the hot tub, still blushing, and shyly nodded. "What do you think, Mark?" Franklin said. "Want to watch? I'm sure you know how magnificently your own wife can fuck. How about we take that bright red T shirt off her luscious body? God, Sally, your body has only gotten better with age!"
"How old was she when you two were intimate?" I asked.
"It's better not to say aloud," Franklin said, and he flashed some fingers at me. I looked at him. "It was legal. We were in Kentucky." I nodded my understanding.
"My T shirt stays on," Sally said.
"Okay," Franklin said. "Mark, do you want to remove her panties, or should I? They must be soaked by now." Franklin did not know Sally was without panties.
"I did not give permission for you to fuck my wife," I said.
Suddenly Sally sat up straight. "I told you, Mark! It's my body, not yours! You do not own, nor control me!" Then she calmed down and said softly, even sweetly, "I would in fact like your permission, though."
"Franklin can watch us, instead. Sally, do you want to give your body to me now, right here?" I said.
Sally smiled at me. "Sit on the edge of the hot tub, lover." I complied, and she took my cock in her mouth and sucked me hard as a rock in seemingly no time at all. I had never before realized just how weird I actually was, but I was turned on to have an audience. Sally then climbed out of the hot tub and in her soaking wet Cornell bright red T shirt she raised herself up, raised the bottom of her T shirt revealing her bare ass to Franklin, and she gently sat down on my cock which was sticking straight up, pointing at the ceiling.
Sally began to bounce and it was truly heavenly. She was facing me, and I got to study her bright red boobs as my cock enjoyed her heavenly pussy. She was soaking wet for me, and it was not from the water in the hot tub but from her very own juices. She too was turned on to have Franklin watching us, or maybe it was just to be fucking in a public space, in this case a hotel's hot tub. Or maybe she just loved me and wanted my body, just as I wanted her.
As we fucked, Franklin remarked, "It's good to see you still like an audience, Sally." Sally blushed but never stopped bouncing on me. I thought about what Franklin said.
"Did you used to fuck her with an audience?" I asked Franklin while we fucked.
"Shush, Franklin," Sally said, groaning from her arousal.
"She never told you, I guess," Franklin muttered. "Can't blame her, really."
"Never told me what?" I asked.
"Shush, Franklin," Sally said.
"Never told me what?" I asked again.
"Stop talking and fuck me you bastard!" Sally yelled. I complied, and I continued with the most erotic fuck of my life. I unloaded my balls into that vixen of a wife. I was not sure if she had cum or not. If she had, it was subtle.
"My turn. You get to watch, Mark," Franklin said.
"No, Franklin. I'm married now. Monogamy and all that. You need to respect that," Sally said.
"You've really changed," Franklin said. "Well I guess most people do with age. With age comes wisdom, and with wisdom comes responsibility. With wisdom and responsibility comes an absence of spontaneity."
"You always were a thinker, Franklin," Sally said.
"Yes, but I'm here and I want you, you're here and sex beyond all reason. To hell with thinking, this is animal time," Franklin said, and he grabbed for her Cornell embossed boobs, causing Sally to giggle fetchingly.
"What do you say, Mark?" Sally said, looking at me lovingly. "Shall I give him 'benefits' this one time?"
"Well... I've never watched you do it with someone else. Truth be told I've never watched any two people having sex, actually. Live, I mean, and not on the Internet. I guess it would be hot...," I mumbled.
"Remember, babe? I only fuck girls who are naked. Lose the T shirt," Franklin said. Dutifully, Sally crossed her arms and pulled the soaking wet T shirt up and off. She threw the T shirt aside. She was now naked, and she slipped back down into the hot tub, presumably for some modesty.
Franklin lifted her up and bent her over the edge. Her luscious boobs were just grazing the cement edge of the hot tub. Her nipples were erect and pointing. Her pussy was aroused, engorged, and full of my cum.
It's hard to describe what I felt as I watched another man's cock enter my wife. I knew Keith had recently fucked her, but at least that was not up front and personal. I never before had any idea what a promiscuous little slut Sally had been before I met her, and now those ways obviously had returned in spades. At least Franklin wore a rubber.
My emotions were all over the place as I watched myself become a cuckold for the second time in the same day! Sally thought it did not count for two reasons: these lovers predated our marriage, and they were family. This made no sense to me at all. I felt as if our marriage was slipping away. I could not go on like this. I was already beginning to mourn the loss of my true love Sally, even while she was lost in the pleasures of the flesh right in front of me.
As I watched, I became aware of another presence. A gorgeous, well-built woman had entered the swimming/hot tub area, and when I saw her face I instantly recognized my cousin Maria. God, she looked sexy. Maria slipped into the hot tub next to me, to get as far away as possible from the rutting couple across from us. I was hoping she did not know the woman getting her brains fucked out was my wife, but of course she knew. She knew Sally well from all the family gatherings Sally had attended.
Sally must have set this up. Maria must have therefore known the moaning sexpot was my wife. Maybe she even saw Sally's face as she approached the hot tub? Maria must have known that I was watching my wife get laid by another man. I felt humiliated. "Kinky," Maria said. "I guess I'm a bit overdressed here?"
Maria removed her bikini top, revealing to me her fabulous boobs for the first time. I was grateful for the rather spectacular distraction. "Hi Mark," she said. "You going to introduce me to your wife's lover?"
"Maybe later," I said. "It's great to see you," I said. "It's great too to see so much of you!"
"Shall we become kissing cousins, Cousin?" Maria asked. "Sex is in the air, after all, and I do believe it is contagious."
I kissed her. Not only did she kiss me back, but she gave me a long, passionate, open mouth kiss that turned me on ferociously. I could not believe I was hard again so quickly. Maria saw my erection through the water when the turbulent water went clear for a second, and she said, "I guess I'm still overdressed." She removed her bikini bottoms.
"I've wanted to kiss you like that since we were teens," Maria said. "It's so good finally to do it!" and she kissed me again. We kept kissing throughout the rest of the Franklin and Sally show. It was quite a show, too, as I got to watch it while Maria and I made out. As we kissed, I upped the ante by caressing Maria's boobs, tweaking her nipples a little. She made no objection and even better, she moaned, supplementing the symphony of happy sexual pleasure noises emanating from my incestuous, adulterous wife right next to us. Sally seemed to be enjoying herself immensely. It annoyed me, which is a masterful understatement.
Encouraged by Maria's responsive moans, and also by the jealously of Franklin plundering my little wife, I decided to take a risk and I stroked Maria's slit. Maria groaned when I did. I could tell she was vaginally wet, even with the water swirling around her pussy relentlessly. I hesitantly, gently, inserted a small bit of one finger but only up to the first knuckle or so. Maria moaned in response.
The rest of my finger went inside her, joined by another finger. As they moved around inside Maria's love box she moaned up a storm, which I naturally took as a sign of acceptance and even encouragement. Maria, it seemed, was truly up for a little incestuous sex with me. Was I up for the same? Unless my fingers were lying to me, I surely was. It was decision time.
It was obvious Franklin made Sally cum, since she screamed out her pleasure at top volume. This infuriated me all the more, but seriously, wow. He had made her cum in royal fashion. I hoped it would not attract hotel management!
I wondered if the power of Sally's orgasm was due to Franklin's cock and technique, or if a large part of it was the kink of committing secret incest?
"How about some introductions now?" Maria asked. Sally smiled at her. "I'm Maria. Who must you be, new lover of Mark's wife Sally?"
"Thanks for coming," Sally said, nodding her agreement that she was indeed Sally, a fact that was obvious to all.
"Not yet, but I hope to," Maria replied, and both women giggled.
"This is Franklin, one of my lovers from long ago, before I knew your wonderful cousin Mark, now my husband," Sally said. I wondered if she added the word 'husband' to further annoy me, or perhaps to reassure me? It was ambiguous in my mind.
"Before you were married?" Maria said. She seemed surprised. She knew I had first bedded Sally when she was barely a freshman in college.
"Kentucky," I said, as if that explained everything. "The mountains in Eastern Kentucky. Where girls are barefoot and pregnant," I elaborated. "That's where Sally grew up, apparently in more ways than one."
Sally giggled when I said that, doubtless remembering what I now realized must have been a seriously promiscuous time in her life.
As if to change the subject from the outrage she had just committed with Franklin, Sally said to Maria, "Mark's had the hots for you his entire life since puberty, Maria," Sally said.
"Yes, I know. But it's incest since we're first cousins and also, these days we're both married. Indeed, Mark's wife is right here, isn't she?" Maria asked rhetorically. "So sex with Mark is off the table. It's out of bounds."
I became dejected hearing that. I guess I had truly been ready for incest with my cousin Maria!
"Mark's wife is looking forward to watching," Sally said, referring to herself in the third person. "You both got to watch us, after all," Sally said, grabbing Franklin's flaccid cock. "He's a good time, if you're interested after Mark, by the way," Sally said.
"Franklin would not be incest, but he'd still be adultery, Sally," Maria delicately pointed out. She was aware that Sally had just committed flagrant adultery. Maria did not yet know Sally had enjoyed the added bonus of incest, too.
"On the other hand, my husband Steve is away for two months, and I'm all alone," Maria said, letting that hang out there like a time bomb.
"Where is he this time?" I asked.
"Nigeria. Building roads, or so I'm told," Maria said.
"Steve is in the CIA, but nobody is supposed to know," I explained to Sally and Franklin.
"Nobody knows and yet everyone knows," Maria said.
"You must be horny to be without him for two months," Sally said, her eyes twinkling.
"Well, yes, I am. Steve though is doubtless enjoying half the women of Nigeria. I hear they are sexual marvels over there. Steve has trouble resisting temptation," Maria said, with an edge to her voice.
"From the way Mark is doing a close study of your boobs, I'd say Mark is not that good at resisting temptation either," Sally said, and both women giggled.
"He's done okay for the past 30 years," Maria said.
"Today is different," Sally rejoined.
"Yes. Yes, it is," Maria said, making me feel hopeful about laying my cousin.
"How about we go to your room? I'm a little uptight all exposed out here," Maria said.
"You don't look to be too shy," Franklin said, running his eyes over her naked body.
"Being nude in public is one thing. Having sex is another," Maria said.
Okay, now I was happy, elated even. Maria was planning to have sex! That just had to mean sex with me.
"Point made," I chimed in. "Let's go." Now I was truly excited and as hard as a rock.
Maria rose from the hot tub and we all three feasted our eyes on her naked, shapely body, as the water dripped from her boobs and other parts of her, including the hair of her bush. I could see lust already present in Franklin's eyes. I looked over at my naked wife Sally and I felt a huge desire for her body, too. She however was also busy drinking in the sights my cousin Maria was offering to the three of us.
I could not blame any of us. Maria was the epitome of the perfect female sex object, the living incarnation of the ideal woman that artists loved to paint over the centuries. She was thinner than a Rubens woman but she definitely had the body of a Matisse nude. It did not really matter, actually. For my eyes only one word described her naked female form: perfection.
It also did not hurt that Maria was soaking wet and dripping as she strolled over to the towels. It brought to mind several other words as well, the most prominent being a two-word phrase: eminently ravishable. I began to hope Maria would change her mind vis  vis incest and adultery, just this one time. It felt as if we were in a time out of time. We were in a magical worm hole in space, where actions do not have consequences and are later erased.
We all went up to our rented room in the hotel. I was in my swim trunks, Sally was naked and wrapped in a towel, Franklin had put his clothes back on, and Maria wore her bikini. Maria's words earlier that "sex with Mark is off the table. It's out of bounds" were ricocheting around in my head, making me depressed.
Franklin had got to fuck Sally's brains out, and goddamn it I wanted to lay Maria more than ever. Maybe it was not fair to Maria, actually. Probably a lot of it had to do with Sally and the trips she was laying on me. They were more than I could handle. I was falling apart.
Maria asked Sally to get dressed and to take Franklin to the bar. Sally smiled, winked at Maria, and said, "Is an hour enough?"
"Maybe two?" Maria said. "What's his recovery time?"
"Ooh baby! Have fun, kids. C'mon, Franklin. Let's see how much bourbon you can drink in two hours, shall we?" Sally said.
As they were leaving I heard Franklin say, "Well Sally, you think they got any Pappy van Winkle?" and then they were out of the room, the door was closed, and I was under attack. Maria had me naked again in no time, and then she did a sexy strip tease in front of me, singing bump and grind music as she danced.
Maria went over to me and took my cock in her mouth. She had skill and her blow job got me hard as a rock quite quickly. "Go down on me, cousin," Maria said. She lay on the bed on her back and spread her legs in invitation. I did not need to be asked twice.
Maria's orgasm due to my lingual ministrations was delightful to behold. I loved watching her boobs jiggle while she writhed around in ecstasy. I love making women cum but making Maria cum was special. I had loved her my entire life, after all. Maybe I had not loved her sexually before but now my love for her was most definitely sexual.
Maria grabbed my head with both hands and lifted it away from her sensitive pussy, saying "Now, cousin. Now. Enter me now. I need you inside me. I need to feel you ...oh my God!" with that last exclamation coming in response to my plunge into the depths of her cunt.
I immediately began to pump and was thrilled to find that Maria, like my cheating wife Sally, was a noisy lover. She rose up to meet my every thrust, pushing back, grunting and moaning with occasional bursts of 'Oh my God, oh my God." At one point she called me her 'cousin lover,' and the continual reminders that we were now more than just kissing cousins and that this was incest made me harder and harder, and I began to fuck her rather brutally with all the force and power my muscular body had.
Maria was shapely with boobs to die for, but she was a small woman, and I was a large and powerful man. I had wanted to be gentle and loving with her but in my passion, I lost the capacity to think and just fucked her instinctively. Instinctively in this case meant brutally.
Luckily this was a recipe for success with Maria. She absolutely loved it and indeed it appeared that she almost craved rough sex. Among cries of "Oh God" and "You bastard!" and squeals of pleasure, we rutted like animals, eventually falling off the bed. We landed on the floor and I picked her up and slammed into her rear entry and she immediately climaxed spectacularly. I had been close myself, and a few frantic and thoroughly intense pumps later I emptied my balls inside her.
Maria fell to the floor on her stomach and I fell on top of her, panting. I heard a slow applause. There's a way to applaud, with successive single claps, that amounts to a sarcastic applause. I turned around to see my wife Sally staring at us with a strange expression on her face. Franklin was nowhere to be found. I found out later the bar had only Maker's Mark, and only red label at that, and Franklin was so disgusted at the lack of choice that he had gone home.
"Now I know what it feels like to watch your spouse cheat on you," Sally said. "It's okay, after what I did with Keith and Franklin, but let me tell you, I don't like it when you do it, Mark," Sally said.
"You set this up, Sally," I said, as if that were a defense.
"I know, and I deserved it. You had every right, and it's something you and Maria have wanted since your pubescence, I know. That does not mean I have to like it. I don't. It disgusts me," she said.
I just looked at Sally. I was still lying naked on Maria.
"I suppose it will be even worse when you fuck your sister Emily," she said.
"Excuse me?" I said. At this point Maria pushed me off her and she sat up.
Maria said to me, as if she were speaking to a child, "Everyone knows you and Emily lust for each other. Sally explained to me that I was a trial run. Emily should arrive late tomorrow morning. By the way, Mark, it was worth the wait of my entire life to date. This was every bit as good as my fantasies of how it would be. When I make love with my husband I will be thinking of you, I'm sure. It's pity you're my first cousin and in love with Sally."
"Aren't you in love with Steve?" I asked.
"Of course, I am. Steve is a great man. He must not know about our little dalliance, or hopefully when you are hard again, our little dalliances." Maria emphasize the s of dalliances. "He has his own little affairs, but in his lizard male mind, his dalliances don't count. Let's become like Sally, okay? Cousins with benefits?" Maria said.
"I'm not sure I like that idea," my cheating wife said.
"It's his body. You don't control him, Sally," Maria said. Touch, I thought.
"Right you are. I do however have some control over our sex together within the marriage, and even whether or not we stay married. Maybe he'll choose occasional benefits with you, but if we push it, Mark will choose sharing his bed with me for the rest of his life," Sally said. She was almost spitting as she said it. It was not attractive, but God, did it turn me on, or what? Who gets two hot women to argue over his body in front of him?
Maria's shoulders sagged. "I'm not going to be the one to ruin your marriage. It was just an idea. It's just that I've never had sex like I just had, and never with a man I've loved my entire life. The passion was amazing," she said.
"Neither have I," Sally said, looking right at me, irritation in her voice. Maria and I were both naked on the floor, and Sally was dressed and standing over us.
Changing the subject just a little, I asked, "Emily is coming? She's arriving tomorrow?"
Sally smiled. "Mark, you have no idea what it's like to have sex with a sister. It's way better than with cousins. No offense, Maria."
Maria smiled. I had no idea what she was thinking.
"You know though exactly what it's like, don't you? You've done it with your brothers, haven't you Sally?" I asked. I was beginning to get a feel for just how deep this incest thing ran with Sally.
Sally nodded.
"All four of your brothers?" I asked.
"Only three of them," she said. "Albert it turns out is gay. Remember?"
"Your father, too?" I asked.
Sally lost her smile. "Let's not go there, okay?"
"Just tell me first, lover," I said. "Then we'll drop it. It wasn't Keith who deflowered you, was it? It was your Dad, right?"
Tears were forming at the edges of Sally's eyes. "No," she said. "It was my uncle, Keith's Dad."
"Then your Dad?" I asked. I was just guessing, but there was something in Sally's body language that made me think that happened. "No, Keith followed his Dad. Right away, in fact."
"Your Dad was third?" Sally nodded. "How soon after your uncle?"
"The next day," Sally said.
"And the first time with one of your brothers?" I persevered.
"A week after my Dad. My brothers were like a breath of fresh air. I had sex with all three of them that afternoon, while Albert watched and took pictures. Somehow, I thought it would cleanse me of my uncle and my father, but of course it did not. Nevertheless, it was amazingly fun!" Sally said. "I was lucky I didn't get pregnant, although I was totally scared about it!"
I was beginning to understand my little wife for the first time, even though we had been lovers for nine years, and married for six of them. There were dimensions to her that I could spend years in analysis trying to fathom. So could have she, for that matter. "Do your brothers have 'benefits,' too?" I asked.
"Oh, God know! That would be gross. Maybe another gangbang sometime with them would be fun, but none of them ever wanted even to touch me after that one time out at the swimming hole, especially after Franklin and Keith caught us all doing it and photographed the whole thing. Did you know sex with your brothers is a crime in Kentucky?" Sally said.
Maria was in a state of shock at these revelations. "The same Franklin I just met?" Maria asked.
"Yes. He's my first cousin too, but he does not know it. He just thinks we're friends from high school. Friends with benefits. Him and his brothers and his first cousins."
"All fifteen of them," I added.
Maria was in a state of ever deepening shock. "How could he grow up with you and not know he's your first cousin?"
"There's some bitterness in the family," I said. "A schism of some type. It's complicated. "
"How much do you know about Bourbon?" Sally asked.
"Not much. I've tasted Jack Daneils," Maria said. "I'm a girl who likes white wine. Why?"
"Jack Daniels is from Tennessee. It's not bourbon," Sally said. "My grandfather and Franklin's grandfather are brothers, and they inherited a prohibition-era illicit bourbon factory," Sally began to explain to Maria, and in passing to me as well. "They had a fight, a rather big fight, I think about my grandmother. Both men were fucking her, and they made her choose, and she chose my grandfather. Apparently, she was one sexy woman when she was young."
"Let me guess. They stopped speaking, and they both began their own businesses?" I said.
"And your grandmother cheated on your grandfather secretly, with his brother?" Maria added.
"And one of the bourbon companies was more successful than the other?" I asked.
"You two are smart. You're right about everything," Sally said. "They stopped speaking, stopped communicating, and began raping."
Silence ensued. "Your mother was raped?" Maria asked, in horror. She was connecting the dots faster than I was.
"Did she give birth to a daughter named Sally due to the rape? And did your Dad think you were his?" I asked. Maria looked at me with her mouth open. "Keith and Franklin are your half-brothers, aren't they?"
"I've always loved how smart you are, Mark," Sally said. "Why don't you finish? Why did I fuck my half-brothers and half cousins, and why did my brothers fuck their sisters?"
"Part of it must be revenge, I suppose, although I don't think Franklin suffered by fucking you this evening. He looked pretty pleased, if you ask me. Of course, he does not know he's your cousin or half-brother. Oh, I get it. Is he religious and pious?" Maria asked.
Sally smiled in reply.
"If he knew he was committing incest with his sister, and loving it, it would destroy him, is that it?" Maria continued.
"It's only part of it," Sally said.
"You want to know which of your uncles raped your Mom, or which of your great uncles raped her?" Maria contributed.
"Bingo!" Sally said.
"You think you know, don't you?" Maria asked.
Sally again smiled, nodding. "I've got it narrowed down to two uncles," Sally said.
"But you're not sure?" I said.
"I have two suspects. It's possible they both raped her, actually, but at different times. Only one is my father, of course," Sally said.
"When you know who your biological father is, then what?" I asked.
Sally smiled. I had never seen a smile of evil cross Sally's face before, but I saw one now. She remained silent.
"I still don't see how fucking Franklin and Keith earlier today helps anything," I said.
"My Mom was taken by surprise and blindfolded, but the man who raped her had a congenital defect in his thing," Sally said.
"In his cock?" I asked.
"Yes. It's rather intimate. You can't see it. You can only know when he ejaculates inside you. It's the way he spurts. My Mom described it in some detail. A son can inherit the defect. It's super rare so if one of my cousins has it, then I'll know," Sally said.
"Well? Do you now know?" I asked.
Sally smiled. "Almost," she said.
"Who has it?" I asked.
"It's one of Keith or Franklin. You have to be paying attention when they cum inside you and I am always just a bit distracted," Sally said, and she giggled. "After all, they're not raping me. They're just fucking me silly. The key change would be to let them fuck me bareback. It's easier to tell. I've never let them do it that way."
"I was hoping to try Franklin out, but he left too quickly," Maria said. "I'd like to experience that defect myself! It sounds kinky."
He's a great fuck," Sally said. "So is Keith," she said dreamily. "I have a talented if perverted family." Seeing my face, she added, "Neither man can compare to Mark, though."
Sally got busy on her phone. "Emily should be here around 10am. How about I have Franklin come over around noon? We should have Emily drunk and compliant by then," Sally said.
"What are you going to do to my innocent sister?" I said, beginning to get alarmed.
"Give her what she's always wanted."
Emily was a troubled woman. Six years younger than I am, now at age 24, she had been fat since puberty. Her pretty face saved her but boys had no interest in her, and she became more and more insecure. She leaned on me, and I always told her I loved her and decried the superficiality of humanity during the teenage years. I worked hard not to have Emily scarred for life, and I probably failed. Emily just got fatter.
At age 22, the doctor told her she was morbidly obese and she had to lose weight. Emily went on the South Beach Diet. She got results right away. Encourage by them, she stuck to phase one much too long, further endangering her health. The doctor insisted she go to phase two, and she alternated phase one and phase two. The result was that when her 23rd birthday rolled around she had lost a ton of weight and she had a hard body, a flat tummy, and she looked hot in a bikini. The only area she had trouble losing weight was in her boobs. So now she is a hot to trot 24-year-old with big boobs and a flat, taut tummy, and she has to fight off the men.
Perhaps due to her late start in sexual matters, she has not been doing a good job of fighting off the men. She is making up for lost time and she is now a bit of a slut with a hard body. According to Sally, who has become close to her sister-in-law Emily, she has the out of control hots for me. Why she told Sally that is beyond me.
I asked Sally that, point blank. "Oh, you poor innocent man," Sally replied. "You can't tell yourself, can you? Emily never told me she has the hots for you. Her eyes told me! That's how I knew you and Maria lusted for each other, too. Nobody ever told me anything. Your family has transparent faces!"
"Only to you, Sally," Maria piped up. Sally and Maria both giggled.
So according to Sally my sexually insecure sister Emily has a crush on me, her brother, and was coming up the next day into Sally's den of iniquity. "Will I be alone tomorrow with three sexy women?" I asked.
"No, Franklin will come back," Sally said. Maria gave Sally a thumbs up. "And Keith is coming up from New York. We'll have three men and three women."
"You're going to fuck both your cousins or brothers, or whatever they are?" I asked.
"I'm sorry babe," Sally said. "I need one more time with them to figure out which one it is. Then I have to go to Kentucky and punish the right father. It will be key to fuck them back to back. Twice, if need be. Then it's done, with all of them. Are you okay with that?"
As she said that, her ally in sin Maria was fellating me and had placed my hands on her boobs. "Uh..." I said, feeling guilty as I got hopelessly aroused once again. "How does sex with Emily contribute to anything? Emily has suffered enough already."
"Trust me, babe. It will counteract my having sex with my cousins/brothers. Guilt can be a wonderful thing, you know," Sally said. "It's a powerful force." Maria openly laughed. Her blowjob had morphed into a hand job.
Then Maria climbed on top of me and my cock sank deeply inside her. Maria was soaking wet again. She groaned, and then sighed. "I can't believe you're going to take this away from me! Fuck me like you mean it, Mark!"
As I fucked my cousin Maria for all I was worth I heard Sally saying, "Well, believe it. Enjoy him now and perhaps tomorrow, but tomorrow you have to share with Emily, and then you can never have him again. He's mine."
"Yes, Mommy," Maria said, just before she came. I unloaded inside her shortly afterwards. Exhausted, I sprawled out on the bed and passed out. When I woke the next morning, I was spooning Sally with my hands around her and cupping her boobs. They always fit perfectly (and barely) in my large hands.
"Rise and shine, Mark and Sally. Room service is coming with breakfast for three," Maria said, standing there dressed to kill.
"I'll just have coffee and a syringe," I said.
"Me too," Sally said. She wiggled her naked ass against my member.
"Don't go at it now. You'll embarrass me in front of room service!" Maria said.
"You're not wearing a bra, and your boobs are showing, Maria," I said.
"I'm sure it's nothing the room service waiter, or waitress, hasn't seen before. You two are both naked, for Pete's sake," came the rejoinder. Sally giggled in response, kicking off the covers to reveal our nudity in all of our glory.
"Let's give them a thrill, shall we?" Sally said.
Who was this woman? I asked myself. Where did my shy and proper wife go? What had happened to her? The bell rang. I threw the covers back over Sally and me, and Maria, boobs and all, went to the door.
A pimply teenage boy nervously wheeled in the breakfast cart. Maria bent over, showing off to him all of her boobs, nipples and all, as she fished around in her purse for a tip. Not being an idiot, he took the look down her blouse at her naked boobs and smiled gratefully at the tip. Maria smiled back, the paragon of innocence.
We ate our breakfasts and watched Morning Joe on the tube. Everyone was still groggy from last night. Maria showered, and then Sally showered, and I wondered if there would still be hot water left for me. There was. The shower helped to revive me.
Franklin was the first to arrive, and Keith was second. Both were looking forward to another go 'round with my wife, I could tell. Everyone could tell. It was obvious. Even my sexpot cousin Maria did not tempt them compared with the temptation of the wonders Sally's pussy possessed and that I knew all too well. I knew too however, that they would not be able to resist Maria if she wanted them. I also knew she wanted to try out Franklin, at the least.
The five us waited restlessly for Emily to arrive. She arrived an hour later, and she dutifully gave everyone a hug. Franklin and Keith were drooling over her body, but by now Emily was used to having men behave like that. Still, it was clear she enjoyed being drooled over. I felt bad that my sister had become so easy to get into bed. It's no fun having a sister who is a slut.
I had to admit, however, that my sister turned me on. She still had her pretty face, and now she combined it with a body as hot as the sun, especially if you're a man who likes big boobs. I was such a man. So too were Franklin and Keith, from the look of things.
Best of all Emily looked up at me with a combination of love and desire in her eyes. The combination was deadly. Resistance was not possible.
Emily came over to give me a big hug, and then we all went out for a late brunch. Emily was wearing a short skirt and high heels, with a low-cut blouse. Her push-up bra probably had underwire in order to hold up those boobs. She sat next to me at brunch with Keith on the other side of her. Emily's leg touched mine under the table. She did not withdraw her leg from mine, but just left it there, our thighs touching.
Emily gabbed away with Sally like a chatterbox and the three girls monopolized the lunch talk while the three men sat in silence waiting for the bedroom activities later. While talking a mile a minute, Emily had her hand on my bare thigh. I was wearing shorts. She began to squeeze my thigh under the table.
I decided two could play at this game, and my hand went to Emily's thigh. I gradually moved my hand up her thigh as she rambled on with Sally and Maria, and Emily removed her hand from my thigh. My hand went under her skirt, and Emily simply let it go there. When my hand reached the top of her thigh I became aware of another hand there, too, on her other leg.
Emily spread her legs apart farther to give more room to my hand and to Keith's. We both went under her lace panties and soon Emily had fingers of two men inside her pussy. She went right on talking as if nothing was happening. I was impressed. My sister is a piece of work!
My left hand was inside her thighs, and Keith's right hand was. When our food arrived, Keith had to remove his hand to use it to eat. He had very wet and sticky fingers, but everyone pretended not to notice. I used my right hand to eat, and so I was able to continue to finger Emily while I slowly and lovingly ate the food.
Maria saw Keith's finger and shot me a look when she saw my arm was below the table. I smiled and winked at her, and she winked back. It was then that I noticed Franklin's arm was under the table too, and Maria was beginning to breathe rather heavily.
It was strange to see Sally, usually the center of attention, be ignored, but Sally seemed ignorant to the goings on. I'm sure she was seeing everything, but Sally is the consummate female and able never to reveal what she knows unless she wants to.
It dawned on me, as I poured more maple syrup on my waffle, that I was fingering my own sister at the brunch table at Applebee's. I had never thought anything like this was even possible! Even more amazing, Emily was welcoming it! Had she forgotten we were brother and sister?
After brunch we all walked back to the hotel/spa, and Sally proposed spending a little time in the hot tub, together with a few bottles of good red wine. We had already had mimosas all around at brunch. Emily said she had not brought a suit and Sally proposed T shirts, and she bought three spa T shirts for the women. Maria smiled and winked, but Emily seemed sweetly nave as to what was going to happen.
The women entered the hot tub first. Maria and Sally ganged up on Emily and pushed her down to her neck, both of them sinking down with her. Emily quickly understood how compromised she was like that. She stayed submerged and drank at least five glasses of wine. After the fifth glass, the women were messes of giggles.
I made my move and leaned over to kiss Emily. As if we were choreographed, Keith went to kiss Sally, and Franklin went to kiss Maria. When Emily saw the two women kissing the men right back, she was surprised, especially to see the way Sally was kissing Keith, right in front of me.
"Are you okay with Sally and Keith..." Emily asked me. I could tell she was prepared to speak her mind to Sally on my behalf if need be.
"If you kiss me, Emily," I said, "then I'll be okay."
"We're brother and sister," Emily said. "It's incest."
"Kissing is not incest," I said.
"I mean where it's going to lead, and you know it!" Emily said. "My God, you fingered me at brunch. I should have stopped you but I did not want to make a scene. You almost made me cum, right there at the table, too!"
"Want to kiss?" I persisted.
"No! I already told you no. I'm your sister, dammit!" Emily said.
My hand found her thigh. "What are you doing?" she asked.
"Pretend it's still brunch," I said. I began to finger my sister in earnest as she looked around frantically. Nobody noticed and if they did, they didn't care. Keith was blatantly fingering Sally and Franklin had lifted Maria out of the hot tub. Maria's legs were splayed open and Keith was eating out her pussy. Maria looked to be in a state of bliss. Her boobs looked wonderful under her wet T shirt.
Seeing all this, Emily took a healthy swig of red wine as she let me finger her under the water. It took a while, but eventually I began to see the effects of my relentless fingering on my uptight, resistant sister. She was getting close when suddenly she blurted out, "Oh Mark, I love you so. I want you. I want you inside me. I need you inside me. Please?"
"Lean over the side of the hot tub and lift up your T shirt for me, Sis," I could not resist calling her Sis to underscore the taboo nature of the act we were about to perform. Emily quickly did and I just as quickly entered her before she could change her mind. Suddenly, fucking my cousin Maria seemed trivial compared to fucking my own baby sister!
I wished I could see Emily's face as we fucked, but all of her body language said yes, yes, yes! I had only fucked her for a minute or two before she climaxed, which was hopelessly obvious to me, to Maria and Franklin, to Sally and Keith, and possibly to whomever was managing the front desk of the hotel, too.
I kept right on fucking my little wench of a sister, and she kept right on coming, in what I guess was a rolling orgasm. By the time I shot my load inside her, she was a dishrag of a sister. I wanted her to sing my praises, how she had never had such a fuck, how she had loved me and wanted me all her life, etc.
Instead she said, "I can't believe you just fucked me, your own sister. You're disgusting. We're both disgusting. Let's do it again."
Then she added, "We also committed adultery!" and she giggled. "Or is it just you? You are the adulterer, and I am the home wrecker? This is bad, so very bad. I can't wait for confession! How much atoning will I need to make this all better? Jesus loves me you know. The priest says so. Can I call you Jesus, sweet brother?"
That's what I called incoherent, drunken babbling. Maria was keeping to her 'no sex in public' rule and dragging Franklin out of the hot tub and up to our room. Was she really going to walk through the hotel wearing only a wet T shirt that clung to her like a second skin and left absolutely nothing to the imagination? Apparently, the answer to my unasked question was yes.
I pulled Emily up and out of the hot tub in her drunken, sexually sated stupor, and we followed Maria and Franklin to the room. I looked behind me as we left to see if Sally was going to follow, but she was bent over the edge of the hot tub, completely naked, and Keith had just entered her.
Better not to watch her get fucked, I thought to myself, and left hurriedly. I did see Keith pump a few times into my luscious wife and I may have heard one of Sally's signature squeals. I had previously thought those squeals were only for me. Even though I had just fucked my own sister Emily in front of Sally, I still felt sick to my stomach at the sight of Keith fucking my very own Sally. I felt sad, very sad, almost as if I were in mourning. Maybe I was in mourning for our marriage?
The four of us reached our room. Maria had whispered to me she could not wait for Franklin to cum inside her so that she could try to detect the "defect" in the way he squirted, if it was in fact there. She was glowing with excitement. "Do you have a large and varied experience of men shooting inside you, Maria?" I asked.
Maria made a face and gave me a look ghat would have caused an entire bouquet of a dozen roses to wilt. "I may seem like a tramp to you, dear cousin, but I'm not. There was a boyfriend, then there was Steve my husband, and yesterday you were my third. Franklin will be my fourth. I'm hoping Keith will be my fifth, and that's it! Don't ruin this for me."
"I wouldn't think of it," I said, smiling and trying to look innocent, while Emily undressed and flashed her boobs at me. Emily stepped in between Maria and me and began to rub her large boobs all over my chest. "You have yummy chest hair, lover/brother," she said, underscoring the incestuous nature of our affair up there in the Finger Lakes.
I smiled and resisted saying how much I enjoyed having her nipples rub against my chest as Maria glowered behind her. I put my arms around her, drawing her up flush against me, and let her feel my arousal push against her tummy. I kissed her, stroking her bare ass as we kissed. Her kisses were divine. Where did my little sister learn to kiss like that? She'd only been dating for a year since she acquired her hot body; I guess she is a fast learner.
I wondered if she learned anal, too? I wondered if she enjoyed it, or at least tolerated it? Or should I just fuck her in her luscious pussy again?
"Would you like a titty fuck?" my innocent little sister said, gazing up at me with her blue eyes wide open in what ordinarily would be the look of an innocent young girl. "Or some anal action?"
Well that answered that question! Being presented with these options made me realize what I wanted. I lay on my back on the bed and said, "I want you on top, you little wench of a sister!"
"You're calling me 'sister' so much - would you like me to dress up as a nun next time?" Emily sarcastically said. I heard Maria laugh at her remark.
"Yes, actually. That would be kinky and fun!" I said, as I moved into position and beckoned her over to me.
Emily came to me and gave my cock some loving sucks. "You taste of chlorine," she said and made a face. It was the face she had made as a toddler when she didn't like a food our mother gave her. Now it was my cock. This kind of overwhelmed me and I became paralyzed.
Emily took charge. She climbed on top of me. She guided my cock to the right place, the place so many other men had found during the last two years, and she slowly and lovingly lowered herself down. She gave a little groan once I was completely inside her.
Once again, I was amazed at how wonderful she felt. Was it that she was my sister? Was it all psychological? Or was it that she simply had one the sweetest pussies in the entire state? In the tri-state area? In the Middle Atlantic States? It was not for me to know. I was a married man, after all. Family though doesn't count, according to my crazy wife. So according to Sally, fucking Maria and now Emily is perfectly okay. I liked these rules, even if they were nuts.
Emily was doing the work, bouncing up and down on me, and if the little noises she made were any indication then she was a happy camper. Or perhaps more appropriately she was a happy copulater. I tried to see her pretty face to see the expression on it, but truth be told my eyes could not leave her boobs. I loved the way her boobs lusciously bounced while she fucked me sitting on top of me.
Emily said, "My eyes are up here," and she giggled. Still I only looked at her boobs.
"So they are, so they are," I said, as I rolled her onto her back and plunged deep back inside her. It was time for this honeypot of a sister to receive a power fuck.
"Ooh, ooh, ooh!" Emily yelped as I pummeled her with every ounce of strength I had. I'm a big and muscular guy, so we're talking some pretty damn powerful thrusting. Emily took it all happily, once she recovered from her shock.
"God damn, Mark. You fuck as good as Frank," Emily managed to get out between moans. "Maybe better." Frank is the middle child. He's my younger brother but Emily's older brother. Emily was studying my face for a reaction. I stopped fucking her, going still with my cock deep inside her.
"You've had sex with Frank? Our Frank? Our brother?" I asked, incredulous. I was not the first to have incest with my sister? What kind of wench was my baby sister, anyway? No wonder she was so easy to get into bed. Frank had broken her for me, it seemed.
"Don't worry, Mark. Frank was a warm up act. You are the real thing. You are the show. It's all about you. Please don't stop. I need you to fuck me. Please fuck me, please?" Emily batted her eyes, and she played with her luscious boobs. "We can do anal? Anything. Anything at all! Double penetration with Franklin over there?" I saw Franklin perk up at the suggestion. "Whatever you want, Mark, just don't stop!"
Obviously, none of this was expected. The desperation in Emily's voice was palpable. Emily was not broken; she was destroyed. I wanted to kill Frank, and every other man who had taken advantage of Emily's lack of self-worth to exploit her and get his jollies off her body. Wait a minute. Wasn't I doing exactly that?
Fate chose that exact moment for Sally and Keith to enter the room. I was frozen in place with my cock buried inside my sister Emily. Franklin and Maria were going at it tooth and nail. "Don't let me stop you, hubby. Emily is a real piece of ass, isn't she? I knew that girl could fuck the minute I saw her last time that we had the family get together. You were fucking Frank then, weren't you?"
"How did you know?" Emily asked, as she wiggled her ass to entice me to resume the fuck.
"Your eyes, and Frank's eyes. He couldn't take his eyes off you. Yours were dreamy. You'd recently had sex, and Frank was infatuated with you. Sisters do not infatuate their brothers unless there's been some hanky-panky. It was obvious."
"I didn't see it," I said.
Sally giggled. "What you don't see, lover, could fill a museum. Half the girls in your family would love to get it on with you and you don't have a clue. Don't worry, Emily, I'm not going to tell him who they are. You and Maria here are more than enough. Maria, can I borrow Franklin? Are you done with him?"
"Yes, just finished. I think I drained him dry, though. Sorry," Maria said.
"Oh, don't worry, honey. It's hard to drain Franklin dry. He makes cum like Ford makes F-150's. Ain't that right, Franklin old boy?" Sally said. Franklin just smiled.
"Now you come over here to mama, Franklin," Sally said. She was getting her eastern Kentucky on. Franklin went over to Sally and Sally whispered to him. He whispered back and Sally paused, thinking, and then she slowly nodded. The two of them left. Sally whispered something to Maria before they left.
I resumed fucking Emily, and I fucked her so furiously and powerfully, that I drove her to a major climax just seconds before I filled her with my brotherly cum. I had never even asked if she had birth control. I was treating her like a total slut. My own sister! Shit.
My feeling of self-worth had fallen to zero. They were keeping Emily's feelings of self-worth company, no doubt, right there at the very bottom of the barrel. I could not believe Emily had enjoyed sex with Frank. I just could not believe that!
I was lying around, naked, with my two sexpots, my cousin Maria and my sister Emily. Keith was there, too, soaking up the view of their two just-fucked bodies, no doubt wondering which one he would enjoy plundering next. "What did Sally whisper to you, Maria?" I asked.
"To look out our window in around ten minutes," Maria replied. Emily and I hurried over to the window. We were on the second floor of the hotel with a great view of the parking lot and the woods behind it. Emily's boobs bounced seductively as she scurried over.
I had rented a Ford Taurus, and Sally was lying on her back wearing only her panties on the hood of the Taurus. She lifted her hips as Franklin finished undressing her. He spread her legs, exposing her most intimate charms to all the hotel's windows on that side, and to anyone who might come to the parking area. Sally smiled at him.
Franklin ripped off his clothes, pulled Sally into position, and royally fucked her. Emily opened the room window and we could all hear Sally's moans. My little wife was not being subtle. It was as if my wife, with her shy ways, wanted to be the center of attention so that as much of the world as possible could watch her be debased while she committed incest and adultery.
Franklin came inside her and she smiled. I knew that smile. I knew what it meant, too. I suddenly realized her quest was over. She knew who the son of her mother's rapist was. Maria said, "Sally told me she had an epiphany. She told Keith and Franklin not to use condoms. I agree. Fuck me bareback, Keith. Fuck me now!"
"Suck me first," Keith said.
"Sure, baby" Maria said, and she lay upside down beside Keith and took his cock into her mouth. Her position placed her boobs close to his mouth. Keith took the hint and started licking her boobs, focusing especially on her nipples. Five minutes later Maria said, "Ready for me, lover?"
Keith grunted and Maria sat up and lowered herself slowly and carefully onto Keith's cock. I knew Maria's goal was to have him cum inside her so she could experience 'the defect,' and she was doing everything she could to make him cum as soon as possible. Keith was having none of it and he was lasting a long time despite Maria's best efforts, which he was enjoying to the max.
Sally's cousin was fucking my cousin. What is that, in-law incest?
As I watched I wished Maria would try some of those tricks on me. I had one hell of a talented cousin. Finally, my sexy cousin Maria rolled onto her back and Keith plowed into her, fucking her fast and furiously in missionary position. In response Maria raised the decibel level of her moans. I was sure she was squeezing his cock with her pussy muscles. She had done that with me, and it had felt spectacular. I wondered if when all this was over she could teach Sally how to do that?
Emily came over to me and began kissing me while she rubbed her nipples onto my chest. She whispered to me that I could have her whenever I wanted. She would always be mine. "We're family," she said.
"What about our brother Frank?" I asked. I could not believe I was jealous of my own brother over his times with my own sister!
Emily smiled a mischievous smile. "Frank already has benefits. What is it Mark, do you want a threesome with Frank? That would be sooo sexy!"
"No, just you yourself is more than enough, Emily. I don't know, though. Sally might object. I am in fact married you know," I replied.
"No offense, Bro, but Sally is even more of a tramp than I am. She has no moral standing to protest," she said.
I just looked at Emily. What a thing to say.
Seeing my face, Emily became nervous. "Sally does not need to know. I'll slip down to New York from time to time, let you know by a coded message on your Facebook page, and you can visit me in my hotel. What do you say?" Emily was playing with my flaccid cock while she spoke, causing my cock to undergo a phase change from flaccid to stiff.
Before I could think of a reply to such a nefarious proposal, my disheveled but triumphant wife walked into the room. "I'm done here," Sally announced. "Mark, I'm ready to go home whenever you are. Enjoy Maria or Emily one more time while I take a bath and a douche, because it's your last."
"Noooo!" Emily shouted.
"I'm afraid so. After today, Mark is mine and mine alone, and I am his and his alone. No more cheating, for either one of us."
"We'll see about that," Franklin said. Keith was too busy fucking Maria to chime in. Sally gave Franklin a look of death.
Emily gave me such a spectacular farewell fuck that Sally became hopelessly jealous. After she exploded in orgasm, and just before I did, she whispered to me, "Remember to check your Facebook page, brother of mine. If you're a good boy, I'll give you a threesome with Frank."
Somewhat later Sally and I left for the long drive back to New York. Sally did not mention my last fuck with Emily but it clearly upset her. However, she was also absorbed thinking about her own triumph.
She told me that now she knew. Keith was her brother and Franklin was her cousin. Maria had confirmed her findings. Both women had enjoyed their research efforts just a bit too much for my taste. I guess Sally and I were both jealous of each other.
"When the men wore rubbers I had missed the delicate details of the ejaculation. This time I insisted they fuck me bareback and they were only too happy to do that. The way Keith ejaculated inside me was unique. Maria felt it, too. It's not better or anything, it's just different. Keith is the son of my mother's rapist. That's why he's my brother and why his cousins are also my cousins," Sally said. "I need to stop at a drugstore to get the morning after pill."
"What are you going to do with this knowledge?" I asked.
"I'm going to go visit my biological Dad and then slit his throat," Sally said.
"You'll go to jail, even in Kentucky," I said.
"I know. That's why I'm not really going to do it. I'll use a poison instead," she said.
"Well, okay then," I joked. Sally did not seem to know I was joking.
"Thanks," she said.
"Have your cousins lost their benefits?" I asked.
"Yes, most definitely. Have your sister and Maria lost theirs?" Sally asked.
"I'm not sure. Those women are two sweet pieces of tail," I said. Sally punched me. I chuckled.
"You still going to let me fuck you in the living room?" I asked.
"As soon as we get home," Sally said, "If you will forgive me for being the biggest slut in the Finger Lakes."
"Sorry to disappoint, but you're not. My sister Emily is the biggest slut of the Finger Lakes. That woman craves sex," I said.
"She just craves sex with you, Mark," Sally said.
"What about my brother Frank?" I asked.
"He's not interested in having sex with you," Sally said.
I punched her and she giggled.
"Well, maybe she can satisfy herself with just Frank and not both of you. She does kind of strike me as insatiable in a needy kind of way," Sally said. "No offense but your sister is seriously fucked up, Mark."
"And you, Sally? Are you not fucked up?" I asked, thinking about how gleefully she fucked her fifteen cousins, 'repeatedly.'
"Honey, we're all fucked up. You, me, Emily, Frank, and Maria. Franklin and Keith are just oversexed horndogs, even if I now know Keith is my brother and Franklin is only my cousin. Jeez, though, those men can really fuck!" Sally said.
I punched her again. We were silent for ten miles.
"Take off your blouse, Sally," I said.
"We're driving on the highway. I can't do that. What if a cop stops us?"
"You're right. Get naked," I ordered.
"This isn't Eastern Kentucky, Mark. Getting naked and fucking a cop does not get you out of a speeding ticket in New York," she said.
"How do you know? Is this the voice of experience?" I teased.
Sally giggled. "Emily told me," she said, and I playfully punched her yet again.
"Does it work in Kentucky?" I asked.
"It worked for me. Every single time," Sally said. Seeing my shocked face, she laughed loudly. "God, you'll believe anything, Mark. It was only the one time."
Now I didn't know what to think. Did Sally bribe a Kentucky mountain cop with her body? Was she capable of that? Who exactly was my wife, anyway?
I told Sally to get naked anyway, cops or no cops.
"No. Sorry, Mark. I was like that in the Finger Lakes, getting my Eastern Kentucky mountain girl on, but those days are over. Your shy, correct wife is back. I hope you still like her," Sally said.
"No more cheating on me, secretly or in the open?" I asked.
"That's right. I'm done," she said. "I know who raped my mother and thereby sired me. I wish I had a voodoo doll to stick pins in right about now."
"We'll stop in Ithaca, it's just ahead.. You can go to a drugstore and get the morning after pill, and with all their head shops I'm sure we can find a voodoo doll for sale there. You also need a new Cornell T shirt," Sally giggled. I added, "We'll get some good coffee for the road, too," I said.
"I love you, Mark," Sally said.
I quietly wondered if the cheating really was over, or not? On the one hand we had been together for nine years, six of them in marriage, and I was sure Sally had not cheated on me before Keith crashed again into her life. Well, I used to be sure. Seeing both Franklin and Keith drive her to rapturous pleasure is humbling. Sally was not faking it, either. Could she give that up for a steady diet of Mark, Mark, and more Mark? I hoped so!
I thought for a few minutes. I was sure Sally was capable of fidelity.
On the other hand, when Keith came back that time earlier in our apartment it sure did not take her long to get him to the bedroom! When I saw her fucking both Keith and Franklin she seemed to be having a great time without even an iota of guilt or regret. She justified it with her quest to determine which Bonami uncle was actually her father, but it looked to me like she was just enjoying the sex.
Finally, she seemed to enjoy secret incest with her cousins and brother, wallowing in the fact that they were unaware it was incest and for some of them at least, it would be horrifying to discover the incest they were happily committing.
What I was really worried about was her plan to return to Eastern Kentucky. She'd see her parents, sure, but most of her cousins (the other thirteen) still live back there. Only Keith and Franklin had made it to New York. She also had, she now knew, two more brothers back there, whose status had been raised from cousin to brother. All of these men, married or not, I felt sure would love to get her into bed again. It's hard to find a woman who can give a man sex as good as Sally can. The only woman I knew of was my cousin Maria.
I wondered if I could get away from my job at the hospital for long enough to accompany Sally to Kentucky? Maybe I should just trust her and let her go alone? Was she really going to kill her mother's rapist? Could my own wife, who did not have a mean nor malicious bone in her body, commit murder? I could not believe that she could.
As for adultery and incest, yes, that I believed was possible. It was very possible. At this point it seemed even to be probable. It was eminently possible, as I had just witnessed with my own eyes. She tried to temper it with guilt by giving my sister and my cousin to me on silver platters and I dived into the bait with both feet and my eyes open. Sally was smart. It's now impossible for me to judge her actions as regards incest and adultery.
I decided I needed more information, and it was a long drive back to New York City. Plus, radio reception in the Catskill Mountains was poor, as were the stations. This explains why I asked her, I guess.
"Great. I'm glad you're done with cheating on me. You put our marriage to the test, Sally, in a big way. Now tell me about your three gangbangs. Entertain me. Titillate me. It's long drive," I said. "I want it all: names, places, descriptions and of course details of the sex. Lay it on me."
Sally looked over at me, studying my face. "I'm not sure it's a good idea to tell you these things."
"Sally, if you plan to return to Kentucky, I need to know. I don't want you to get back there and to get seduced into another gangbang, or even one on one sex. I need some reassurance."
"I just told you, Mark. I now know which uncle is my father. I'm going to tell my brothers. Blood feuds are as old as the Kentucky hills in those parts. The sex is over! You can relax," Sally said.
"What if, for example, your brothers want some nostalgia incest sex while you're back there?" I asked.
"They won't. I'm not a hot to trot teenager anymore. They're married and I'm married. They have wives and kids. You need not worry," Sally said. "If I'm wrong and they hit on me I'll just pull a Nancy Reagan," she said.
"You'll pull a what?" I asked.
"A Nancy Reagan. I'll just say no," Sally said, giggling.
Even though I was not at all sure myself, I said, "Okay, your incestuous times are over. What about your blood-thirst for revenge?"
"At the risk of sounding sexist," Sally said, "that's the province of my brothers. I'll leave those things to them."
"Will you tell your mother who the rapist was?" I asked.
"No. She'd ask how I found out, and I simply can't tell her I slept repeatedly with all fifteen of my cousins/brothers now, can I?"
"Repeatedly?" I asked.
"What can I say? You saw Keith and Franklin in action, both with Maria and me, and to a lesser degree your sister Emily. All of my cousins are really good in bed. It was before I met you, my true love... Mostly," and Sally giggled nervously again.
"Mostly?" I asked.
Sally giggled. "It was freshman year. We had just started dating, and I went home for a week when my Dad got sick. Remember?"
I vaguely remembered.
"I fucked all fifteen of them that week. They all wanted their benefits. Remember how exhausted I was when I came back to school?" Sally said.
"I thought that was emotional exhaustion concerning your Dad's illness, and having to deal with your Mom," I said.
"Yeah. That's what I told you. I could not have very well told you I had fucked fifteen of my cousins in only a week now, could I?"
"I guess not. I would have been grossed out," I said.
"You would have dumped me, Mark," Sally said. She had a point.
"And since that single time freshman year?" I asked.
"Since that time I've been good and loyal to you. You're all that I want, Mark. I love you," she said.
I wondered, though. I could check with my new friends the voyeurs in Steve's building. Maybe they had seen Sally be intimate with other men while I was out? Or maybe she fooled around when she was in college and went home for summer vacations?
I needed to know more about the rest of her cousins. "Tell me about your gangbangs. Tell all. I want everything," I said again. "Did you have one freshman year when you went home, too?"
Sally giggled nervously, and she blushed.
"Are you sure you want to hear about them?" Sally asked. She seemed very nervous.
"Yes," I said, wondering if I was a masochist or something.
Sally looked at me for a long time, studying my face as I drove towards New York. We had just passed Binghamton and were entering the Catskill Mountains. Finally, she shrugged her shoulders and began.
"Well, it all began innocently enough when I went to the swimming hole on a hot summer day. I had not brought a suit with me so I decided to skinny dip since there was no one around. Four of my cousins discovered me swimming nude in the water and I told them the water was great, so they decided to join me. The sex began innocently enough with a little friendly groping and a bit of rough housing. It became more serious when the boys surrounded me and began to grope me everywhere, including places they're not supposed to grope."
"I complained, but then that bastard Keith, I guess he's my brother, got his hand inside me and damn if he did not have technique! All I had known up to that point was my Dad, my Uncle, and my brothers, and they just all fucked the shit out of my missionary style. So while I was not an innocent, I was nevertheless pretty vulnerable. As Keith fingered me, Ezekiel began to kiss me, and Jedediah fondled my boobs, and there was no longer any hope for what was left of my virtue. Samuel was the first to stick it inside me, and then I was truly a lost soul."
Sally continued to tell me about the gangbang, who did what to her and in what order for around twenty minutes. I had the impression she was getting aroused as she relived it through the recounting. I knew she wanted to masturbate but she was worried I would disapprove. I would have, too. Suddenly she stopped her recounting and she said to me, "Is it painful?"
"Is what painful?" I asked.
"Your erection, silly. You've had it now for at least fifteen minutes and it's pushing up on your jeans something fierce. Here, let me open your fly to relieve the pressure." Sally did. She took my cock out, leaned over, and she gave me a blow job while I drove. She swallowed, too.
"Are you better now?" Sally asked. I nodded, a smile on my face. Sally was cleaning my cum off her lips and chin. I noticed her jeans were unzipped too, and I figured she had given herself some relief while blowing me while I drove. "Good," Sally said. "Ready for the recounting of gangbang number two?"
"Yes," I said.
Sally pushed her jeans down some more and placed a hand inside her panties. She was ready.
"Well, it all began innocently enough..."