Catherine is blackmailed by a neighbour who has photos and a video of her naked in front of her house that were taken the day she was forced to expose herself in public by Sara.
The neighbour invites Catherine to her house and forces her, under threat of releasing the embarrassing photos and video, to strip and masturbate by the pool in front of two other friends.
The neighbours featured in this story have long since moved, but perhaps one day they will read this story and know how much enjoyed the time when they lived just across the street.
I hope you like "Blackmailed". When you have read it please vote and leave your comments on Literotica. I appreciate you letting me know what you think of my stories even if you don't like them.
Love
Ingenue
xx
I switched on my computer and opened my Hotmail account scrolling down the dozen or so new e-mails in the inbox. Most were from friends, a few were junk mail that I deleted immediately and one was from Bethany, a friend who lives in Melbourne.
I was about to open Bethany's e-mail when my attention was drawn to the words "IT'S ABOUT TIME!" in bold capitals in the subject column of an e-mail from someone called Claire.
I didn't immediately recognise the name and my initial thought was, "Oh wonderful, just what I need, more spam trying to sell me something to improve my sex life or increase the size of my penis."
I was about to hit delete but for some reason hesitated and put the mouse pointer over the name Claire and clicked twice.
After a few seconds the screen changed and I read the short message.
"Hi Neighbour,
Its about time we got to know each other better.
I have been meaning to invite you over ever since we moved in.
It's almost twelve months already and I feel awful that it has taken so long.
Maybe we can catch up for a drink Saturday afternoon, say around 3.00 p.m.?
I hope you can make it.
Claire (across the road)"
Claire is my neighbour who moved into the house directly across the street about a year ago. We say hello when we pass in the street and occasionally linger for small talk, but I don't really know her all that well.
She is tall, slim, elegant and attractive, probably in her late thirties or possibly early forties with shoulder length blonde hair.
Her husband, Richard, is the CEO of a large multinational company based in Adelaide and they appear to be well off with a large modern house, expensive cars, a boat and all the appearances of an affluent life style.
Claire and Richard have one daughter, Stephanie, who is nineteen and undeniably pretty, but she seems to be thoroughly spoiled and used to getting everything she wants in her own way.
I read the e-mail again and thinking it would be nice to get to know my neighbours better I clicked on reply and accepted Claire's invitation, telling her I was looking forward to catching up with her the following Saturday.
When Saturday arrived I awoke to a beautiful summer morning. It was warm and sunny with clear blue skies and a gentle breeze.
I spent the morning over a leisurely breakfast of fresh fruit, yoghurt and green tea while I read the paper, then did a few household chores.
As I watered my herb garden, I was thinking about the coming afternoon and, to my surprise, found I was looking forward to going over to see Claire, and was excited at the prospect of getting to know her better.
About two o'clock I showered, applied a little make up and laid out the clothes I was going to wear that afternoon.
I walked over to the mirror in my bedroom and saw the reflection of a tall, slim woman with long, dark hair and smiling brown eyes looking back at me.
I am quite proud of my body that is lean and lithe. I am about 168 centimetres tall and weigh 52 kilograms with measurements of 81, 58, 83. I have small breasts that easily slip into a B cup bra, long slender legs and a great butt. I noted with satisfaction my narrow waist and flat stomach, silently thanking my parents for the good genes that I had inherited.
I have seen enough naked women to know that there is an endless variety in the shape and form of female genitalia.
Probably because I am slim, I have a very prominent mons and my labia are small, framing the entrance to my vagina that is virtually a small neat slit. My clitoris sits prominently at the top, and the absence of fleshy pussy lips and pubic hair, means that it is always prominently on display and much to my frequent delight, is very easily stimulated.
For my afternoon with Claire, I had chosen a white cotton g-string, tight, olive green Kookai shorts with a white belt, a white tank top and white shoes.
I dressed and looked at myself in the mirror, noticing that my nipples showed quite prominently through the thin white cotton material.
"Hmm," I thought, "I wonder what Claire will think if I arrive looking like this?" The thought brought a smile to my lips and somewhat reluctantly I took off my top, selected a soft white cotton bra and put it on, followed again by the tank top.
I picked up my keys, put them in my purse, walked across the street and rang the doorbell.
I was a little nervous and excited as I waited. I heard the sound of the door being unlocked and expected to see Claire, but I was surprised when her daughter, Stephanie, opened the door.
She gave me a friendly and welcoming smile saying, "Hi Catherine, mum asked me to tell you that she had to dash out for a while. She told me I was to ask you to come in and keep you entertained until she got home. She won't be long."
I was about to say that it was okay and I would come over later when Claire was home or make it another time when Stephanie took me gently by the elbow and guided me in to the house.
She closed the front door behind us and said, "Come on through, we can go out to the back and sit by the pool until mum gets back."
Without waiting for an answer, she turned and walked off towards the rear of the house.
As I followed her I noticed she had a nice figure and a deep golden tan, which were both accentuated by her tiny, pale blue bikini. She was an attractive girl with long thick blonde hair that reached down to the middle of her back and swished hypnotically back and forth as she walked.
She led me through to a covered patio that overlooked a magnificent pool framed by a stunning array of palms and tropical plants. There was a spa and a small waterfall in one corner, the water from which tumbled gently and melodically into the pool.
Reclining on sun lounges by the pool were two other girls, presumably Stephanie's friends, who she introduced as Nikki and Alice. Between them was a table with three glasses of wine, one empty glass, some olives, cheese and crackers. There was a wine bottle in an ice bucket on the ground by the table.
Without asking, Stephanie poured me a glass of wine, handed it to me, then pulled up another lounge, saying, "Make yourself comfortable Catherine, maybe you would like to take off those clothes and get some sun. You can have a swim if you like."
I was sorely tempted, but turned to her saying, "I would love to Stephanie but I didn't come prepared for swimming I'm afraid. I'll have to take a rain check for another time and I will bring my bathers."
A knowing smile crossed her face as she said, "Oh, that's not a problem Catherine, you don't really need bathers it's totally private here."
As if to illustrate her point, she reached behind her, unfastened her bikini top then dropped it on the ground next to her lounge. Her breasts were large and firm with huge pink areola and prominent nipples.
She looked at me expectantly and said, "Come on Catherine, now you. Don't be shy, I really can't wait to see you naked again."
Her comment about seeing me 'naked again' took me totally by surprise and I found my self lost for words as I tried to work out what she could have possibly meant.
Ignoring the question for the moment, I turned to Stephanie and trying to make light of the situation laughed and said, "I'm not so sure that your mum will be too pleased when she comes home if she finds me naked by the pool drinking wine with you?"
Stephanie laughed, "Actually Catherine, I have a confession to make; mum and dad are away for the weekend. Actually I sent you the e-mail because I want to get know you better. I'm sorry for the little deception, but I was afraid you wouldn't come if you knew the e-mail was from me."
As I digested this unexpected revelation she went on, "Before you say anything there is something I would like to show you."
She stood up, took me by the hand and led me into the house and upstairs to her bedroom.
She walked over to a computer on a desk in the corner and switched it on.
As we waited for it to warm up she said, "Now Catherine no one, not even Nikki and Alice, know anything about this and I am happy to keep it just our secret."
That is as far as she got when a picture appeared on the screen that caused my heart to skip a beat.
Stephanie turned to me and smiled, "Great photo isn't it?" She asked, "Do you like it?"
The wallpaper on her computer was a very clear picture of me standing naked in front of my house. I was speechless.
She was grinning, "Hang on a second, you should see this too," she said as she turned back to the computer, moved the mouse, selected an icon called 'Catherine' and clicked twice.
After a few seconds a video started to play. The scene opened with Sara's car parked in a driveway of our house directly across the road.
I recognised it immediately. It was just two weeks ago when Sara had forced me to expose myself at the beach then travel home and walk from the car to my front door naked.
Knowing what I was about to see I watched with my heart in my mouth as the car's passenger door opened and I stepped out. The picture zoomed in as I slowly walked up to my front door and rang the bell.
I realised I was holding my breath as I watched the scene play out on the screen in front of me. I glanced at Stephanie who was looking at me and smiling sweetly. I turned back to the screen.
In the video I turned towards the camera, which zoomed in for a close up of my face. The excitement in my expression was obvious. It panned down to a shot of my small, firm breasts; my nipples were clearly hard and erect. It then continued down until the image of my smooth, bald pussy almost filled the screen.
The picture zoomed out. In the video I turned and rang the doorbell again. I was waiting. The camera zoomed in again and I watched horrified as my hand reached down between my legs. Shit I couldn't believe it; I was standing in front of my house in broad daylight touching myself!
Suddenly the door opened. Sara was visible in the doorway, smiling. I went inside and the door closed behind me. The video ended.
Stephanie put her arm around my shoulder and I was conscious of her naked breast against my arm. "So what do you think of that?" She asked before adding rhetorically, "You sure are one horny little exhibitionist for a respectable school teacher. Aren't you?"
My thoughts were racing and I was searching for the words when Stephanie placed a finger against my lips and said, "Hush, Catherine, this is just our little secret, or at least it will be so long as you do exactly as I say. Now we'll go back down stairs and you will act like everything is normal. Just remember that from now on you will do exactly as I say no questions asked, or who knows just where that video will end up. I'm sure it would be very popular on the Internet and I have lots of friends who would love to have a copy e-mailed to them."
I was about to protest when she laughed and turned, leading the way back down the stairs and out to the pool. I followed, wondering what she had in store for me and how I could extract myself from the situation before it got totally out of hand.
Nikki and Alice were as we left them a few minutes before, laying on their lounges chatting and sipping wine. They had also removed their bikini tops and I assumed from the absence of tan lines that all three girls had spent much of the summer sunbathing topless by the pool.
Stephanie picked up the bottle of wine and poured two glasses handing one to me saying, "Now Catherine, how about we go for that swim?"
She smiled at me and I could clearly read the silent message in her eyes, "Defy me and you will be sorry, very sorry."
Holding my gaze, she stepped closer, took my glass of wine and placed it on the table, then took hold of the hem of my tank top lifting it up past my waist and over my breasts. Instinctively, as if in silent surrender, I raised my arms and she lifted it up over my head, dropping it on the ground next to her bikini top.
She then moved around behind me and undid the clasp of my bra. I shuddered, unable to believe I was standing here at my neighbour's house allowing myself to be undressed by this teenager in front of her two friends.
"Oh shit, how did I get myself into this?" I thought as Stephanie slid the straps of my bra off my shoulders and down my arms, dropping it at my feet.
She leaned closer and I could feel her nipples brush lightly against my back as she put her lips to my ear, whispering so that only I could hear, "That's a good girl Catherine. I can see we are going to get on very well and I think we are going to have some, lots of fun."
Stephanie undid my belt then took my hands and guided them to the top of my shorts placing my fingers in the waistband. She removed her hands, stepped back and took up her place on the lounge in front of me to watch the private strip show with Nikki and Alice.
I hesitated then, almost submissively, slid my shorts down over my thighs, past my knees to my ankles, stepped out of them and kicked them towards the growing pile of clothes.
I held Stephanie's gaze challenging her to break eye contact, trying to gauge just how serious she was about this, but she stared back at me without blinking, a superior smile on her face. I had hoped to find a sign that this was all a game, one that had gone about far enough.
"Now the panties," she said, reinforcing her position of authority and making it clear to me as well as Nikki and Alice, that she was in control and was calling all the shots.
I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my g-string that followed my shorts on the growing pile of clothes.
Now I was completely naked and on display to three girls who up until thirty minutes ago, were virtually complete strangers.
My emotions were in turmoil. I was confused, embarrassed and excited but most of all I was aroused. I could feel the familiar tingling between my legs and was aware of the pleasant sensation, as my labia became moist with my juices.
Stephanie walked over, gave me a kiss on the cheek and took me by the hand leading me to the steps at the end of the pool.
Willingly I walked down the steps, longing to immerse myself in the cool water and get some relief from the warmth of the sun on my bare skin and, more importantly, the small fire that was burning between my legs.
Nikki and Alice remained on their lounges, whispering excitedly to each other in hushed tones. Their voices were so low that I could not hear what they were saying, but I guessed I was the topic of conversation.
Stephanie swam over to me, placed her hands on my hips, pulling me closer and whispered in my ear, "You are one horny little slut Catherine. I bet your sweet pussy is on fire, isn't it?"
She was right. I was incredibly aroused and my pussy was soon going to be demanding my urgent attention.
We swam for a few minutes, and then Stephanie went to the side of the pool and climbed out, grabbed her towel, dried off and went to sit on her lounge.
I swam a few more laps before I climbed out of the pool, walked over to the lounge aware that all three girls were watching me. I spread a towel on the lounge, lay face down and closed my eyes.
I needed time to think and compose myself. I was desperately trying to find a way to get out of this and go home without risking Stephanie exposing the photos and video. I also wanted to go home so that I could take care of my aching pussy.
Suddenly, I felt a hand on my shoulders and a splash of cool liquid in the middle of my back making me instinctively tensed my body. "Relax Catherine." It was Stephanie. "It's just a little tanning oil, we don't want that gorgeous body to get burned, now do we?"
She spread the oil over my shoulders, working slowly down my back to the top of my buttocks with long, firm, sensuous strokes. I felt her oily hands on my butt and it took all my self-control to stop myself arching my back and lifting my bum, a move that would have surely betrayed my eager state.
Next she started on my feet, massaging oil into the soles which are very sensitive, causing almost unbearable tingles of delight to travel through my whole body.
She worked up my calves to the back of my thighs, gently pushing my legs apart. I felt her hands slide up to my buttocks and spread my ass cheeks, exposing my anus to the cool summer breeze and the gaze of the other girls. I felt so wonderfully exposed and felt the level of my arousal steadily increasing.
There was a slight pause. I waited anxiously and then felt oil slowly drizzle between the cheeks of my arse. It flowed delightfully down the cleft, pooled in my puckered opening then overflowed and ran across my perineum, coating my already moist labia.
Instinctively, I raised my hips and moaned in response to the delicious intrusion. "That's it Catherine, you like that don't you?" Stephanie was obviously pleased and encouraged by my reaction.
I could hear suppressed giggles and muted conversation between Nikki and Alice who were obviously delighted.
Stephanie gently smacked my butt as she said, "Okay Catherine, now turn over now and let me do the other side."
I was at the point where modesty no longer mattered. I was aroused and enjoying the attention Stephanie was lavishing on my naked body. I was frightened by the thoughts that were running through my head. I wanted to be on my back like a wanton whore, legs spread wide. I wanted the girls to see me, naked and horny. Most of all though, I wanted to come.
I eagerly rolled over and looked up to see Stephanie standing by the side of the lounge, a bottle of oil in her hand. She was oiling her naked breasts, which glistened beautifully in the sun.
She moved and knelt on the ground behind my head then leaned forward, her firm young breasts just centimetres from my face. She tilted the bottle and poured oil into the small hollow in the centre of my chest, just below my aching breasts.
I let out a low moan, hoping that she would lean a little forward and take my breast in her mouth, perhaps suck my aching nipple, but she drew back smiling at me encouragingly. "Perhaps you would like to rub it in for me, Catherine."
I needed to be touched and without hesitation, dipped my hand in the pool of oil, spreading it across my breasts, sighing as the palm of my hand grazed my hard, aching nipples.
I massaged my breasts, then took my nipple between my thumb and forefinger and squeezed gently, sending ripples of pleasure through my body down to my core, adding to the tingling in my loins.
Stephanie tipped the bottle again and I felt the oil run into and fill my navel. It pooled in the middle of my stomach and ran down the sides. She continued to pour the oil, allowing it to drizzle across my stomach and over my mons. The oil trickled across my labia, causing a sharp intake of breath as it added to the sensations that were causing me to squirm and moan.
Stephanie took my hand taking it from my breast and placing it gently in the pool of oil on my stomach.
"Keep going," she whispered softly.
I continued massaging, spreading the oil over my body.
"That's it Catherine, now lower." She said encouragingly.
My hand continued moving slowly down closer to my aching pussy.
"Keep going Catherine, lower." She said smiling.
At the bottom of each stroke my hand passed over my mons, my hips lifting off the lounge as I yearned to bring my aching pussy into contact with my fingers.
"Keep going Catherine, that's what you want isn't it?"
I nodded.
"What was that Catherine?" She asked.
Again I nodded, not wanting to utter the words she was looking for, not wanting to admit my need to her.
"Come on, Catherine, tell me what you want." She persisted
"You know, Stephanie." I replied.
"Tell me Catherine!" She demanded.
"Please, Stephanie?" I almost begged, for some reason reluctant to actually say the words.
"Please what, Catherine?" She persisted.
"Damn it Stephanie you know what I want." I was weakening.
"Yes of course I do, Catherine, but I want you to tell me."
"Fuck you, Stephanie, I want to touch myself! I need to come! Stephanie, please?" I was begging now.
Stephanie smiled knowing she had won the little battle of wills between us. I needed to come and I didn't care about anything else.
As if she was giving me permission she said, "Well, go on, what are you waiting for Catherine? Do it."
I couldn't hold back any longer. I arched my back, raised my hips and spread my legs, offering my cunt to be pleasured. My fingers touched my pussy. It was hot and wet.
I looked down. My oiled body and my smooth bald pussy glistened in the sunlight. Stephanie, Nikki and Alice were leaning forward, watching expectantly as my fingers slid slowly and easily along the length of my slick labia.
I stroked myself, slowly at first but with increasing urgency, my fingers stroking up and down the length of my slit.
I parted my pussy lips slightly, opening myself up to the pleasure and the penetrating gaze of the three girls who were watching me now in a hushed silence, broken only by the sound of my fingers in my sopping wet cunt.
My fingers found their way to my aching clit. Starting with slow, gentle circular motions, I teased it until it was standing up proudly, hard and throbbing.
My other hand went back to my breast cupping and squeezing it gently. I took my nipple between my forefinger and thumb, coaxing it hard and erect, sending delightful waves of pleasure to join the sensations building in my cunt.
My fingers slid easily from my clit back to my labia following the length of my wet pussy lips from the top down to the bottom and back again, harder and more insistent now to match my growing desire.
I felt the beginnings of an orgasm, faint at first but definitely there, building slowly deep inside. My fingers switched back to my clit as I become impatient to reach my goal. I needed desperately to come now.
I increased the pressure and the speed. Each stroke harder and faster than the one before, from side to side across throbbing clit. My other hand was squeezing my breast, my finger and thumb pinching my nipple, hard, so hard it hurt, the pain adding to my pleasure. Closer, closer, nearly there.
I glanced over to Stephanie. Her eyes were closed and her hand was inside the bottoms of her bikini. I watched the outline of her fingers under the thin material as they moved back and forth under the thin material and heard her moan.
"Stephanie!" I gasped. Her eyes remained shut, lost in her own self pleasure. "Stephanie!" I called louder this time. Startled, her eyes flew open. I wanted her to watch me. I needed her to watch in my orgasm that was partly for her and was now just a few strokes away.
I smiled at her and mouthed the silent words. "I want to fuck you Stephanie." She moaned again, closed her eyes and her head went back as she started to come.
My orgasm started too. My unrelenting fingers and the sight of this beautiful, young girl in the throes of her own orgasm were just too much.
My body stiffened. All my senses were centred in my cunt as my orgasm obliterated everything else. I slid two fingers into my pussy and felt the walls of my vagina contract, squeezing, trying to draw them in deeper, to hold them and milk them dry. I pushed harder, deeper, filling myself and trying to satisfy my hungry, demanding cunt.
I was on the edge of a huge abyss, ready and so willing now to surrender to the waves of pleasure that I knew would consume me and take me to sweet oblivion.
My other hand went between my legs. My fingers found my clit and pushed me over the edge.
I heard a voice screaming. "Oh fuck yes! Oh yes, more, more, oh fuck, fucking yessssssssss!" The voice was so distorted with lust that I did not recognise it, but I knew it was mine.
Gradually my screams softened, eventually turning to low sobs as I descended form the peak. My cunt throbbed delightfully as the waves of orgasm swept through my body; subsiding but leaving me exhausted and spent.
Writing about it now I realise that I must have lost consciousness for a few seconds, maybe more, and my recollection of the next few minutes is a bit vague.
As I recovered from that incredible orgasm I gradually became aware of my surroundings. I saw the excited and incredulous expressions on the faces of Nikki and Alice. I looked around for my clothes, but they had disappeared. Stephanie was nowhere to be seen.
I was feeling very vulnerable. I was naked at my neighbour's house and had just put on a display that had shocked and undoubtedly excited the three girls. Stephanie had embarrassing photos and video of me and knew she could use them to her advantage. I knew I needed to find my clothes and go home.
I started to get up to look for them when Stephanie appeared from the direction of the house. "My clothes, Stephanie, have you seen my clothes? I have to find them and go home."
A sly smile twinkled at the corners of her mouth and she said innocently, "Oh yes, your clothes." She laughed before going on. "I'm sorry but they were wet and dirty, Catherine, I just popped them in the washing machine. I thought it was the least I could do."
I could see what was coming and new I was powerless to prevent it, but I had to try. "But I have to go home, Stephanie. I need my clothes. Please?" I protested a trace of panic surely obvious in my voice.
Stephanie walked over, took me by the hand and said reassuringly, "Don't be so silly, Catherine, It's just across the road and it's starting to get dark. I'm sure you will make it without anyone seeing you."
I hesitated, about to challenge her and tell her no way when she put her arm firmly around my shoulders and escorted me firmly into the house and towards the front door, saying, "Come on Catherine, you have done very well so far. Just one more little challenge to go and I know you will enjoy it."
At the door she handed me my keys and said, "Come over tomorrow and I will have your clothes washed and ironed for you. You can pick them up then."
Without waiting for my response, Stephanie manoeuvred me towards the open door, I stepped outside and she closed it behind me.
I was standing in front of their house naked. I scanned the street in both directions. It seemed empty. I was relieved and disappointed at the same time. Damn, part of me was hoping that there would be someone there, a passing motorist, or someone out for an early evening stroll. After everything that had just happened, how could I still want more?
I turned and saw Stephanie, Nikki and Alice at the window watching. I was determined not to give them the satisfaction of thinking that they were embarrassing me, so I walked slowly and deliberately across the street to my house, put my key in the lock, opened the door, turned and waved to them, then went inside.
My heart was pounding in my chest and I was breathing hard. I was still horny from the afternoon's adventures and that short walk, with the prospect that someone may have caught me outside naked again, had reignited the fire in me.
I went quickly to the bathroom, turned on the shower and stepped under the water to wash the suntan oil from my body. As I stood under the warm, soothing water my hand found its way between my legs, my fingers expertly parted my pussy lips and sought out my throbbing clitoris.
As I worked myself to another climax, I imagined it was Stephanie kneeling in front of me, her sweet lips on my soft wet lips sucking, her inquisitive tongue on my clit licking. The vision of my beautiful young neighbour with her face buried between my legs pushed me over the edge to another delightful orgasm.
Maybe one day that would happen. I could only hope and silently thank whatever it was that had made open and reply to the e-mail from Claire earlier that morning.