Day 5, Friday:
I stretched out and felt so relaxed that I was almost purring. It was early and there was still a good hour before my alarm was due to go off but I had gone to bed so early last night that I was well and truly ready to start the day. I got out of bed and walked into the bathroom where I looked myself over while I waited for the shower to warm up. I could see my pussy was still puffy and glistening. I loved the way it looked when I was horny all the time. I ran my fingers lightly over the recently exposed flesh and felt a tingle begin. As I ran my fingers back up I noticed there were a couple of light prickles where the hair had begun to re-emerge already. It made me understand that there was a lot of upkeep to this look and shaving was going to have to be an almost daily thing or I would have to get waxed.
I grabbed my razor for now and set to work. I made sure I was extremely thorough and found several longer hairs that I had missed the first time I did this. As I was new to doing this, I found it very awkward to do and was pretty much operating by feel because I didn't have a mirror in the shower. I rinsed and again was surprised by just how good it felt to be so smooth and slippery like this. I completely understand now why women went to all the effort and did this.
When I stepped out of the shower, I dried myself and then used the towel to wipe the steam off the mirror so I could inspect my handy work. I have to admit that I love the way my pussy looks when shaved. My damp, puffy lips were on full display. My sensitive little clit, trying to peek out for some attention. I lightly ran my fingers over the smooth flesh then applying a little pressure, I separated the lips and stared at my spread pussy. I knew everyone was shaped a little differently and that no two women looked alike but I had to admit that a freshly shaved, wet pussy looked delicious.
I wondered, not for the first time this week, just how it would feel to kiss a pussy. To run my tongue over those smooth lips and to slip it in between them, tasting another woman's cum for the first time. How different to me would she taste? Would I enjoy it or would it turn me off? I think I knew the answer to that question at least; it was something I wanted to try and the thought of it was turning me on like crazy. It would be a shock if I didn't thoroughly enjoy it.
I licked my fingers and then watched them in the mirror as I slowly teased around the entrance to my pussy, gently teasing my pussy until I couldn't hold off any longer and slid one of my fingers inside myself. I slowly fucked my pussy with my finger and then watched as it glistened when I removed it from myself. I raised my finger to my mouth and moaned as I tasted my cum. I licked every drop from it and went back for more. I kept going back for more and I couldn't decide whether I enjoyed the taste, the sensation or the fantasy of eating pussy more. It didn't take very long at all for me to cum and almost as much as the orgasm itself, I enjoyed watching my body writhe and the look on my face as I did. It was almost an out-of-body experience, as though I was someone else watching me cum.
I cleaned up yet again and then went and got the wet sheets off the bed. I added them to the clothes I wore yesterday and carried them downstairs. I didn't bother getting dressed yet because I was really coming to enjoy the sense of freedom and confidence I got when I walked around naked.
I put my washing in the machine naked, I made my breakfast and ate it naked, I got my lunch organised and everything ready to go naked. I looked at the clock and saw I had plenty of time but I was pretty much done and ready to go for the day. I went back upstairs and decided to make the bed with fresh clean sheets now rather than wait until tonight when I would no doubt be tired and annoyed at myself for not having done it now. I returned to the laundry and noticed that the washing machine was almost finished. I washed my breakfast dishes, another task I would normally leave until the evening, and then returned to the laundry. I picked up the basket and loaded the freshly washed items into it, opened the back door and was three steps past the backdoor into the yard when I felt the cooler morning air on my skin and remembered I was completely naked.
I froze and almost sprinted back inside when the thought occurred to me that it didn't matter. Who was going to see me out here anyway? Sure, there were a few houses that overlooked my yard but what were the chances that one of the neighbours was looking out here anyway? And if they were, well... good. I wanted to be seen. The thought of one of my neighbours getting all turned on and watching me hang out the washing naked was hot. And if they didn't like it? Well, don't look into your neighbour's yard then. I know, this was a massive turnaround in attitude from how I had felt about it yesterday but it showed how quickly my mind set was changing.
I deliberately took my time hanging out the washing. Bending over but keeping my knees straight as I pulled each item out of the basket and feeling the cooler air on my freshly shaved pussy and ass. It was so hot to imagine the neighbours watching me and masturbating while I stood naked out here. Now that I had done this once I knew I was going to do it again, it was so exciting. Eventually, I could pretend no more and I had to go inside.
As soon as the back door was closed, I ran my hands over my naked flesh. Imagining the neighbours looking at me and masturbating at the sight of my naked body was wildly intense. I forced myself to stop though, I had already cum twice that I was aware of and most likely had in my sleep as well. I was very thirsty and decided that I needed to give myself a rest or I was never going to make it to work. I took a deep calming breath and got myself a drink of water.
I returned upstairs where I put on the clothes I was going to wear for the day. I slid my skirt up and over my thighs and pulled up the zip at the side. No need to worry about what panties I was going to wear today though. I took the shirt I planned on wearing out of the cupboard and wondered if I could get away with going braless as well. I put the shirt on and went for a look in the mirror. I loved the way it looked but there was no way I would get away with wearing that. The shirt was quite thin and the colour of my nipples and aureole were immediately visible, not to mention how my hard nipples pushed at the material. Reluctantly I went to find a bra.
After digging through the drawer, I found a bra that I had once worn for an ex-boyfriend on a weekend away. I hadn't worn it often since because it wasn't the most practical bra I owned but I had to admit, it did look very nice on me. It was a white lace bra that covered just enough to be considered decent but left enough on display to be very sexy. I put it on followed by the shirt and had another look in the mirror.
It was now obvious I was wearing a bra and a nice lacy one at that but unless the light hit just right you could no longer see my nipples. Overall, I thought it was professional-looking work attire but, at the same time it was also quite sexy. Once I put my jacket on over it, no one would be any wiser. The weather had been hot and I knew that the train ride would be a bit uncomfortable with my jacket on but it wouldn't be unbearable and as soon as I was at work, I would be able to take the jacket off again.
I applied the finishing touches, put my shoes on, grabbed my bag and headed out the door. I walked through my gate and almost straight into one of my neighbours who had just come out to walk their dog. I jumped in shock at the close encounter and then laughed at my response.
"Oops! Sorry about that. Off in another world this morning."
He laughed as well but there was something in his eyes. He looked me over in the way men do when they think they are being subtle.
"I noticed."
The smile that crossed his face seemed to say something more than a friendly good morning or mirth at my reaction to nearly running into him. I smiled and nodded as I wasn't sure what to say.
"Well, yes, I guess I should get going, I have a train to catch. I hope you have a lovely day."
"You too. Mine's been great so far."
I turned and walked off but I could feel his eyes on me the whole block. I kept replaying his responses in my mind.
"I noticed."
What did he notice though? My clumsiness or my nudity in my backyard?
"You too, mine's been great so far."
Why has it been so great? Was it because he watched me hanging out my clothes naked? Part of me wanted to know exactly what he meant and part of me liked not knowing, and wondering at what he had seen.
I mused on this as I strolled to the train station. Because I had started so early this morning, I was able to take my time and stroll casually to the train station instead of the usual rush. It was a beautiful morning and I was enjoying starting the day in such a casual manner. Maybe I should get up earlier every day.
I was once again enjoying the feeling of the morning air on my bare skin. I could see myself getting very used to never wearing underwear if I could avoid it. Hell, I would like to walk around naked but unless I could find a nudist beach or something like it then my chances of that were slim. Besides, at least half the thrill was the taboo nature of it and if everyone was doing it, then it would lose a lot of the excitement.
I descended into the subway once more and strolled onto the platform. I looked around and saw several familiar faces that I saw every day but none of them were the face I was looking for. I went and stood in my usual spot and waited for the train. I could feel that familiar sensation you get when you know someone is watching you and I glanced around. There he was, my fellow traveller but something was off. He gave me a look of recognition but one that was also embarrassed. I wouldn't have approached him regardless, he usually approached me and today he was acting like he didn't want to see me. Then it became very apparent why.
A woman approached him who obviously knew him and it became obvious almost immediately that this was his wife. She seemed happy to be with him, almost excited as though going into the city was an adventure. Maybe she didn't get to spend much time with him or get to go into the city very often. I wasn't judging her negatively at all, quite the opposite really, I thought it was cute that she was happy to be out with her husband. I was willing to bet she had no idea that her husband had cum in his pants while rubbing his cock against my ass very recently. I wonder if she has been reaping the benefits of me sending her husband home with fantasies and blue balls most nights this week.
He glanced over at me while she was distracted by something and he was blushing even harder. I don't know what he expected me to do but the last thing I would ever do is cause a nasty scene. I had no interest in stealing him away from her. I was not a homewrecker and I had absolutely nothing against him or her. They are strangers to me and will remain that way.
The one thing it did do was put a full stop to my teasing him though. That game was a lot of fun but it was over now. It was an introduction to a new me and I was grateful for that, they were memories I would cherish forever, just as I hoped he would hang on to those memories in the same way. A lot of what had happened would feed my fantasies for some time to come but it was only the first phase of finding the new me and phase one was now over.
The train pulled up and I got on my usual carriage and sat in my usual seat. I saw out of the corner of my eye that he was directing his wife to a different carriage and I felt nothing but relief.
I grabbed my book out of my bag and began to read it without pretending for the first time all week. It was a very quiet trip into the city and I remembered why I brought a book. I had forgotten how boring the trip could be and a part of me missed the excitement of the rest of the week. I doubt my commute would ever be the same again.
The train pulled into the city station and I had already put my book in my bag. I stood waiting for the door to open before the train had even come to a complete stop. The moment they slid apart I was out the door and walking towards work. My fellow traveller was all but forgotten already as I thought about Stefan and the day ahead.
I could feel my nerves and excitement ascending at the same rate as the elevator and by the time I walked through the open office door, I was physically shaking. All I could think about was the way I had left Stefan last night. I was still shocked I had done such a thing and because he was on the phone at the time he couldn't say anything. I was about to find out whether or not it was a smart thing to do.
I procrastinated a little as I put my jacket over the back of my seat, started my computer running and then stood around waiting for the coffee to brew. Finally, when the coffee machine was finished and I had made our cups of coffee I could delay no more.
I knocked on his office door and entered. Once again, he was standing in front of that amazing view and staring out into space at nothing that was out there. He didn't even respond to my entering the room until I put his cup on his desk and cleared my throat. He jumped, clearly startled by my presence.
"Oh, sorry, Sam. I was on a completely different planet just then."
Judging by the way he was now blushing wildly, I wondered if that planet had us both naked on it. I certainly hoped so. I smiled at him then picked up his coffee and handed it to him. There was a moment when our fingers touched and I felt an electric charge go through me. Our fingers lingered for a moment as we each savoured the sensation of each other's touch. A lot was said and promised in that touch.
We looked into each other's eyes for a lot longer than we normally would and I could feel his longing there, which was equally matched by my own desire. Stefan turned away again and resumed staring out the window. I waited for a few seconds then concluded that he wasn't going to say anything else.
I picked up my coffee and took a drink as I too looked out the window at nothing in particular. There was a long silence spinning out between us but it wasn't entirely uncomfortable. Eventually, though I had to move. I turned and began to walk towards the office door. I was about halfway there when I heard his voice.
"What are we doing, Sam?"
I turned around and faced him. He looked frustrated and confused and I wanted to make it right for him. I was feeling confused too but I guess it was something we need to thrash out now.
"What exactly do you mean, Stefan? Are you talking about work or the ahh, awkward tension between us right now?"
"Yes."
He smiled at his little joke and continued.
"Both I guess, because one affects the other."
I sighed, knowing that in some ways it was a relief to finally be confronting this but at the same time it was terrifying. He looked at me as though he expected an answer but I had no idea what I was going to say until the words began tumbling out of my mouth.
"Stefan, I don't know what I'm doing. I mean, I do but at the same time I don't, There are things that I want, things that I didn't know that I wanted and to be honest it's all a bit scary for me. The consequences are pretty extreme and I just don't know what to do."
I looked at him, hoping for a measure of understanding but all I got was more confusion from him.
"I'm sorry, Sam, but you are just going to have to level with me here and I promise to be completely honest with you in return. If what I think you are getting at is right then I need to be one hundred percent sure before I say what I want to say."
I laughed and shook my head. We were both making this way more difficult than it needed to be to try and protect ourselves.
I took a deep breath and thought, here goes everything then.
I steadied myself and looked up into his eyes. Those warm, brown, liquid-chocolate eyes that I wanted to melt into.
"Stefan, I am attracted to you. A lot. I mean, I struggle to keep my mind straight around you, you do things to me and you make me feel like I want you to do more things to me. I want you, more than I have ever wanted anyone, but that comes with a whole lot of problems. I don't want to ruin a good work environment, I don't want to lose my job, I don't want to embarrass you, and I don't want you to feel awkward around me. I... I... I..."
Whatever I was going to say next was lost as Stefan closed the distance between us, slid his arm around my waist and pulled me in tight against him. I was lost in those big brown eyes as they drew closer then his lips were on mine and my eyes closed. I could feel every place that his body touched mine and I wanted more. My arms went around him and drew him in even tighter against me. I could feel his cock swelling in his pants against my lower stomach and I wanted to lift my skirt and climb onto him.
His kiss was intense and there was a lot of pent-up arousal in it, just as much as there was in mine. I wanted him so bad, wanted him inside me. My pussy was practically salivating and pulsing with desire. I didn't care about foreplay or anything else, I was never going to be more ready for him than I was right now. I impatiently reached for his fly and began to slide it down. My hand was inside his pants, trying to tug his underwear out of the way when he stopped kissing me.
I looked up at him pleading, I was no longer too proud to beg, I needed him. He stepped back, holding me at arm's length.
"Please. Please don't stop, Stefan. I want this, I need this."
"Oh, god. You are making this so hard, Sam. I want you too, but is this the right place? I want to make love to you."
I was beside myself. If this didn't happen now I was going to explode.
"You can make love to me later. Right now, though. I have to have you inside me. Please, don't make me beg, Stefan."
He sort of sagged, his shoulders slumping.
"There's so much at stake here, Sam. I don't want just a quick fling."
"Neither do I and yes, we have a lot to discuss about this. For now, though, I need this to happen. I promise you I will have a sensible conversation with you about it, about us, afterwards but for now, will you please fuck me?"
"You want to be fucked in an office? In front of a large window where people could see what's happening?"
A shiver ran through me as the anticipation built. I saw his face change as he thought about it and it went from slight amazement to dark erotic lust as his own excitement over the idea increased.
"Fuck, yes! If it helps I can lock the office door."
I was already walking as I said it. I snibbed the door and turned around to face him. I reached up and began undoing the buttons of my shirt. I took a step towards him and pulled my shirt open. I slid it down off my shoulders and threw it over the back of the chair. Keeping eye contact with him, I reached behind me and undid my bra. This was no slow tease. I pulled my bra off and threw it in the direction of the chair as well. A growl came from Stefan as he ogled my half-naked body. I took a few more steps towards him and slid down the zip on the side of my skirt. It fell to the floor where I left it as I stepped out of it and stalked as sexily as I could towards him, completely naked except for my heels.
I had broken through the remaining dregs of his sense of decency and he was beginning to undo his belt. I took another step closer and his button and fly were undone, another step and he was undoing his shirt. I finally got to see his fit physique in the flesh and it was glorious. As I walked I could feel my cum coating my thighs I was so wet. Another step and his pants slid down his thighs, exposing his rigid cock to me for the first time. I wanted to drop to my knees and take him in my mouth but there was just too much urgency for any niceties or foreplay now. I closed the distance between us and his hands went around my naked waste. He pulled me to him and I felt his rock-hard cock as it twitched and throbbed between us. I felt the slipperiness of his pre-cum as it smeared over my belly. His hands slid down and grabbed my ass. He lifted me as though I weighed nothing and my legs went around his waste. He lowered me slowly, his eyes boring into mine, and I felt the head of his cock line up with my open pussy. Then he was inside me. Not just the tip, but deep inside me.
I arched my back and moaned as he handled me like I weighed nothing He moved me around like I was a five-foot-tall waif instead of the Amazonian six foot two woman I am. His hands were holding my ass and sliding me up and down on his gloriously hard cock. It had been so long since I had been fucked properly that his cock felt huge as my pussy tried to grip it and pull him in deeper. Not so big that it hurt but I felt super full when I bottomed out on him. It didn't take very long but he held me up and fucked me consistently until I was a quivering, dripping mess, as I came over and over again. Our bodies were covered in sweat and my cum and I wouldn't want it any other way.
Stefan held me as we both tried to catch our breath. I was panting and he was kissing and biting my neck. I couldn't believe he hadn't cum yet but he was still hard as a rock and I could feel him throbbing inside me. I wondered if he was taking a break to catch his breath as much as to prolong his own orgasm.
"Is this what you wanted, Sam? Did you want my cock inside you?"
"Oh, God, yes!"
"You want to fuck in front of the window where everyone can see you?"
"Yes, oh yes, put me on display, please."
He shifted my weight and lifted me off his cock. He lowered me gently to my feet, which were very wobbly at this point. He kissed me deep and hard then turned me around to face the window.
He directed me over to the window and I placed my hands up on the glass. He pushed my feet apart with his leg then placed his hands on my hips to pull them back against him. Because I was wearing heels he didn't need to lower himself down at all, he just used one hand to guide his cock into me. I felt the head of his cock split my lips apart but he held it there, just teasing me with it. I wasn't having that though. I needed him back inside me. I pushed back against him and I moaned again as he sank into me. His hands went to my ass and kneaded my cheeks as he began a slow rhythm in and out.
It felt glorious, physically and mentally I was on another planet. I hoped at least someone was outside this window watching my tits sway and bounce as Stefan pounded into my body. Just the thought of someone watching me get hammered so deeply and maybe stroking their cock or playing with their pussy as they watched me getting fucked pushed me over the edge into the biggest orgasm I had had in a very long time. I cried out loud and began to convulse just as Stefan moaned as well. I felt his cock swell inside me and I knew he was pumping his cum deep inside me and that made my orgasm grow even more until my vision started to go black around the edges. There was a ringing sound in my ears and I couldn't even breathe properly. The wave of energy that flowed over me, through me, was mind-blowing. Every hair on my body stood on end, my scalp prickled, and then I lost the ability to remain standing.
A strange sense of awareness washed back over me as I realised I was on my hands and knees on the floor of my boss's office, completely naked, my cum smeared pussy and ass presented to him. The mental image that thought provoked did not embarrass me at all, maybe it should have but I just felt so damn good, so alive, so sexual, so desirable, that I just couldn't feel anything like shame. It was incredibly arousing and exciting. I was panting still, trying to catch my breath and I heard Stefan moving around behind me. I turned to look at him and he was standing off to the side looking a bit confused. He was leaning with his hip against the desk as though he was having difficulty standing on his own two feet. He was red in the face still but I couldn't tell if that was from the effort or embarrassment. His cock was still semi-hard and coated with our cum. His shirt was opened all the way down and his body was on display for me. It surprised me to realise that even though we had just fucked I had never seen him so naked. I took in every detail of his body as though committing it to memory just in case I never got to see it again.
I moved and tried to stand up but my legs weren't interested in cooperating. Stefan, seeing my struggle, made himself stand upright then stepped over to help me. I looked up and was face to face with his shining cock. I wanted to keep going, to clean our combined juices off him, get him hard again and have him inside me again but I also knew we were in his office and this was our place of work. Time was not necessarily a luxury we had. He held out his hand to me and I took it gratefully. He helped me to my feet but rather than let me go so I could get dressed he pulled me into an embrace. Our naked bodies pushed together and his arms went around me. I fell into the kiss like falling into a deep sleep. The office, the world outside the window, and even time itself ceased to exist. The only thing that mattered in that moment was our connection. I could feel every single place that his skin touched mine and when the kiss deepened I felt his cock twitch and begin to stir against my naked skin.
I want more, need more, but I am also becoming very aware of the large amount of cum now running down my thighs. I squeezed my thighs together to try and slow the flow but only manage to smear it around even more. Very reluctantly, I broke off the kiss but Stefan continued to hold me close and stare into my eyes. I could easily get lost in those liquid brown eyes and not have a care in the world. A smile curled his lips and met his eyes.
"You have no idea how long I have fantasized about doing that, Sam."
I smiled as I thought about my own fantasies of late.
"Well, I'm certainly glad you finally did. I hope it's not going to be the only time you do though."
His smile deepened and I felt his cock twitch again and begin to grow. It made me giggle.
"As much as I would love to again, Stefan, maybe on your desk even, right now though, I think the smart thing to do would be for us both to get cleaned up and at least try and be a little professional for the rest of the day."
A small petulant pout crossed his face briefly, as though he were a child being denied his favourite toy. He then smiled, seemingly at his own reaction and shook his head.
"What have you done to me? You're right, though, let's get cleaned up and I'll try to behave. I make no promises though."
I winked at him.
"Good. We can't have you getting boring."
"God forbid."
We both laughed and moved away from each other. Suddenly I felt a large amount of cum release from me and unless I wanted to make a mess on the carpet I needed to sort this straight away. It was like I suddenly realised where I was and that I couldn't just skip out the door and go to the bathroom. I looked at Stefan and he seemed to understand the situation without me saying a word. He looked around then moved over to the corner where there was a gym bag that I hadn't even noticed before. He opened it up and pulled a towel out of it. He handed it to me and then turned away while I cleaned myself. I was surprised by his sudden sensitivity to my privacy. It was almost funny given the circumstances of what had just happened but at the same time, it was very sweet.
I folded the towel carefully and began to get dressed again. I knew that I was going to have to get the panties that I had placed in my bag and I was silently thanking my forethought that made me put them there.
Stefan seemed to sense that I was once again "decent" and turned back around. He had re-dressed himself and was looking immaculate once again. Not that he didn't look damn good naked or when he was erotically dishevelled. My heart was still pounding but I was beginning to wonder if it was because of the incredible orgasm I had had or if there was something else going on.
I was feeling a little uncertain about what to do with myself. Should I just walk out and return to my desk like nothing had just happened? I felt that I needed to say something, but what? What do you say in these circumstances? In the end, I just smiled at him and turned to walk away. I took a couple of steps but stopped when Stefan spoke.
"Sam?"
I turned back, not sure what I would see on his face. Regret? Joy? Anything between these two was possible. The huge smile he had sent a surge of relief through me.
"Yes?"
"I don't know what to say right now but I do want to talk more about this, about... us."
My heart skipped a beat and I couldn't have hidden my smile, even if I wanted to. I made a spur-of-the-moment decision and went with it. I moved back over to him, put my arms around his neck and felt his hands go to my waist. I kissed him deep and hard.
"We will definitely discuss this, discuss us, some more."
I released him, turned around and walked out the door. Once back in my workspace I grabbed my bag and headed for the bathroom. Despite the very helpful towel, I was still leaking a lot. I was somewhat surprised by the quantity of cum he had just filled me with. As I cleaned myself a little more thoroughly it sank in just what had happened. I paused in the middle of what I was doing and reflected on the morning's events so far and I was sure my mouth must have been hanging open in shock. I laughed at the absurdity of it all and was quietly amazed I hadn't been fired or arrested yet this week.
I went back to cleaning up and then retrieved my panties from the bag. I had a small feeling of regret as I slid my panties up my legs but I knew that I would be a lot more comfortable with them on now. I tidied my clothes and had a look in the mirror. The girl looking back at me looked very satisfied and had an unmistakable, post-orgasm glow. It made me smile as I realised that anyone who came into the office this morning would most likely know and if they walked into Stefan's office they would know for sure as I am sure it smells like fresh sex.
The thought sent a tingle through me but not enough to fire me up again. I was feeling far too satisfied right now for it to have that effect. After lunch, it might be a different story. In fact, I may just have a high-protein lunch today. I thought about the possibility of slipping under Stefan's desk and sucking him dry as he sat in his chair and another tingle swam through my system.
The rest of the morning I managed to be more productive than I had been all week. Perhaps what I needed all along was a good hard fucking in front of a window where people could watch. Surely that wasn't too much to ask. I smiled to myself as I thought about that becoming a workplace requirement for peak productivity.
Lunchtime came around and before I could go to Stefan, he came to me.
"Sam, I have a bit of an emergency with my Mum and I have to head off for the afternoon."
"Oh."
I tried but failed to keep the disappointment from my face. Noticing my disappointment, he smiled at me.
"Can I get you to transfer the office phone calls to my phone? You can then pack up for the day and head off if you like."
"Okay, I can do that."
"Before I go though, I want to say something to you."
Oh, shit. I began to panic but he was smiling the whole time and it confused me. I took a deep shaky breath and braced myself. I couldn't trust myself to speak so I just nodded.
"I want you to know that this morning was amazing. I hope you don't regret what happened because I certainly don't. When I said I wanted to talk to you about it later today I meant it. Will you consider going to dinner with me this evening?"
"Oh! Oh, yes, I would love to."
I know I looked too eager and that the smile I could feel stretching my face wasn't going to be easily removed but I just didn't care. I was happy, horny and getting the afternoon off and was pretty much guaranteed some more action tonight if everything went well. I was happier than I had been in a very long time.
Stefan smiled broadly in response to my eagerness and before I knew what was happening had swept me into his arms. His face slowly lowered towards mine and I felt myself adrift in those liquid brown eyes again. Then, his lips were on mine and the rest of the world disappeared. It was a long, slow, sensuous kiss that promised more was to come.
"Oh God, I want you right now, Sam, but I want to wait and do it right this time. Not rushed."
His voice was husky with desire and my body was responding big time. I took another shuddering breath as he released me, thankfully my legs could still hold me up.
Stefan looked at his watch and then at me.
"Are you right to lock up, Sam?"
"Of course."
"So I'll see you tonight?"
I smiled and even managed a slightly suggestive eyebrow wriggle.
"You certainly will. Just send me a message where and when. Now, go see your Mum."
He chuckled then turned, walking out of the office. I seemed to stand there for a while watching the space that he had just occupied then, snapping back into the present, I turned and began closing everything down for the day.
As I descended in the elevator I thought about what I would do for the rest of the day. I could go to the train station and wait for the next train but that felt like a waste of such a beautiful day. I walked out of the building into the sunshine and decided on a whim to get myself some lunch and find a nearby park to sit and eat it in. I was lucky to live so near to such a beautiful city and this city really was beautiful. Sure some sections were just like every other city in the world but it was also a city built for the people. There were lots of tree-lined parks and public spaces for people to enjoy as well as some truly amazing architecture, not to mention world-class food of pretty much any cuisine you could imagine. Considering I was in this city almost every day I rarely got to just enjoy it to myself.
When I left the building I turned to my right instead of the usual turn to the left towards the train station, and I began my search for lunch. I found a small alleyway with several food places down it. Most of them were so small that they were little more than a serving window with a kitchen directly behind them. There was nowhere to sit and eat but that's not what they were about, they were about great food that you took away with you as you explored the city. There were so many different nations represented in this one ally that it was like a united nations of food. I decided to have some Korean fried chicken and Bao buns with a combination of fillings. I took my food and headed for the other end of the alley that opened onto a street that ran parallel to the river. Along the river, there were sections of grassland and trees offering shelter from the hot sun.
I crossed the road and found a tree to sit under. As I sat there enjoying my lunch a small breeze stirred from the river and cooled things very nicely. Several people were coming and going to have their lunch. The majority of them were fellow office workers who were looking harried and rushed. Most only sat for five or ten minutes before rushing off again. There were a couple of tourists floating around but they seemed either oblivious of the people around them or afraid of them. There were only a few people like myself who were sitting for any time.
A man was sitting off to one side just watching the people coming and going. He was sitting alone and trying to be inconspicuous behind his dark glasses but I could tell that, like me, he was just enjoying watching the scurrying people around him. It made me aware of a fact that seems to be ignored. Women in certain situations feel restricted and can't enjoy certain freedoms the way that men can, often for very good reasons, their personal safety primary among them. Men, however, face similar situations but for different reasons. A simple act like people watching is something that many of them feel they aren't allowed to do anymore, because the simple act of observing a woman is now considered threatening behaviour. I have seen them called out for it and abused publicly, called perverts or creeps, purely because a pretty girl caught their attention. We as women often lament the fact that men are no longer willing to make the first move or approach us. Men are often referred to as weak or cowards because of it and yet they are abused, publicly embarrassed and threatened with charges for doing that exact thing. The whole thing made me sad and I wondered about my own behaviour lately. If I were a man, the things I had done on the train this week would not have gone the way they had and I would almost definitely have faced abuse, threats and probably prosecution.
The shine of the beautiful day seemed to have tarnished a little so I packed up the leftovers of my lunch, placed them in my bag and wandered back towards the city streets. As I walked my phone buzzed and I stopped in the shade of a building doorway so I could read the message. I thought about responding to the text from Stefan but chose to call him instead. The phone rang only once before I heard his voice. He must have been watching his phone waiting for a reply. The thought of that made me smile.
"Well, hello there, Sam."
I suddenly felt a little awkward, now that we had come this far it was like I no longer knew what to say.
"Hello, Stefan."
"I hope you are still willing to have dinner with me tonight. I can pick you up if you like or if you would rather, you can meet me."
I thought about it for a second but the independent side of me won out quickly and convincingly.
"I will meet you. Did you have somewhere in mind?"
"My place?"
He chuckled at the end of that and I knew he was just teasing me and didn't expect me to but it sounded good to me. I had never seen his place and it was as easy to drive home from there as it was from a restaurant. I knew his address from many work-related messages, letters, legal forms etc. but I had never been there.
"Well, if you insist. What time do you want me there?"
"Oh, wow, excellent, how about seven o'clock? Do you know where I live?"
"Of course, I know your address and I will find it no worries. What should I wear?"
I was, of course, referring to the restaurant but I could hear his mind turning over the thoughts and possibilities as he all but purred down the phone.
"Well, to the restaurant, perhaps a nice dress, nothing over the top. To my place? I would love to see you wearing what you were in the office this morning."
"Stefan, I can all but guarantee you that I will wear my absolute best birthday suit at your place and I will see what I can dig out of the closet for the restaurant."
"Anything you wear will be perfect. I am really looking forward to tonight now."
"Good, me too. I will see you then."
"Bye."
My heart was pounding again and I knew exactly what I needed to do. I crossed the road and headed back towards work. I passed the building without going in, which felt kind of strange, then turned back up the road where I had made my underwear purchases from earlier this week. There were several dress shops along here and I spent the next couple of hours searching for the perfect one.
I had plenty of outfits at home but they all sat in two firm camps, business and leisure. My business clothes we have covered pretty well, either a skirt or slacks with a shirt/blouse jacket top etc. My leisure outfits were mostly jeans, shorts or summer-style skirts with t-shirts and jumpers or hoodies. I had never had much of a need for a formal-style dress and hadn't owned one in years. Not since the last of my friend group got married actually, and that seemed like a lifetime ago. Tonight was the best excuse I had ever had for needing one. And it was the only time I had ever gone out to buy one without a sense of dread.
After quite a while of searching, I finally found something that fit my frame. It was a bottle green dress that flowed elegantly and showed quite a bit of cleavage, even by my standards and I wasn't exactly abundantly endowed in that department. I knew though that it would work spectacularly well with the teddy that I had bought on a whim along with my underwear earlier this week. The lovely girl who was helping me try it on looked me over and took a second look at my chest, obviously eyeing the bra I was wearing at the moment.
"Are you planning on wearing a bra with this dress?"
Her face was saying, for the love of god don't wear that bra with this dress. I laughed at her response.
"I have something in mind for this, believe me, I won't be wearing this one."
She looked relieved, then excited for me as I explained what I was going to be wearing.
"Ooh, that sounds gorgeous. You simply have to wear these with it though."
She walked a few paces away and came back with a pair of hold-up stockings. The type commonly seen with suspenders but these would stay up by themselves. She seemed almost as excited by the outfit as I felt and it left me feeling as giggly as a schoolgirl.
She looked expectantly at me and when I didn't move she shooed me off towards the changeroom.
"Well, go on, try them on, I want to see what it all looks like together."
I laughed at how eager she was and went to comply. She ended up following me anyway and stood there watching as I slid them up my legs. She even got down on her knees and straightened the seem of them for me as I held the dress aside so she had access to my upper thighs. It was strangely intimate and I was quite enjoying myself. It was then that I wondered if she could smell the fact that Stefan and I had had sex earlier. That sent a shiver through me that made me shake. She looked up at me and asked if she had tickled me.
"A little... but it was nice."
She blushed but smiled at the same time. She then stood back up and looked at her handy work.
"Yeah, that's definitely what was needed. You have such lovely long legs, it seems silly not to show them off."
I smiled at her compliment and after looking in the mirror, moving my new dress around to see best how to show off my legs as well, I knew she was right. I took the dress off and rolled up the stockings, telling her that I would take them all. I made a point of not getting dressed before handing her the items. I stood there in my panties and bra and let her look me over for a moment before she headed off to the counter. I put my work clothes back on and checked myself in the mirror again. I was happy with how I looked but it all felt a little bit drab after the glamorous dress.
I thanked the girl serving me for her help and paid almost a week's rent for the dress. It was the single most expensive item of clothing I had ever bought and I hoped I would get an opportunity to wear it again but if tonight went well, then it would all be worth it anyway. I wanted to impress Stefan.
I left the shop and found a café where I could sit and enjoy a nice coffee while I waited for the train that I usually catch. Sitting there gave me time to think about something that had been playing on my mind.
I wanted Stefan, there was no question about that, I wanted him physically but there was more to it. I liked his personality and since I had begun working with him so closely I had developed a strong respect for him. I knew I wanted more than just casual sex with him and the excitement I felt when I thought about him made me think that I might even be falling in love with him. Yes, I am physically attracted to him, and yes I am feeling lustful towards him, there is no doubt about that, but there was something far more complex going on too.
On the other hand, I was loving this newfound freedom I had discovered and I wasn't prepared to just give that up. I did not want to get into a relationship with anyone, regardless of how much I wanted them, if that meant I had to stop flirting and playing the way I had been. I was feeling confused and frustrated and I didn't know what to do about it. What I needed was a girlfriend to discuss it all with but I didn't have any close friends that I could call that would understand the way I was feeling. I wish there was someone I could call, anyone really who wouldn't judge me for feeling this way.
It was a little bit sad to realise that I didn't have any real close friends but I was feeling too upbeat and excited about tonight to be too down about it. I paid for my coffee and began to wander in the direction of the train station.
I stopped and looked at stores along the way and at some point realised that I was procrastinating and going to miss my normal train. I would have to catch the last train again. On some level, I knew I was being deliberately tardy because I didn't want to catch my usual train. I didn't want to bump into my "fellow traveller" and his wife but I did want to see Bec again.
Just the thought of how exciting it had been to watch her cum as she ground her pussy against my foot sent a shiver of excitement through me. I wondered what it was that made her cum so hard. Was it, like me, the risk of being caught, the thrill of being watched? The excitement of doing the taboo so publicly? Was it the fact that I was some random stranger, or was she actually attracted to me? I was certainly attracted to her, I mean who wouldn't be, she was gorgeous. Was it the whole foot fetish thing? Did she really get off on feet? It was a fetish I never really understood but I certainly understood the other aspects of it. They did it for me big time.
I was walking slowly in the general direction of the train station but my mind was elsewhere, it was already on the train with Bec. I wasn't paying attention, kind of walking on autopilot while my mind was off doing other things. I was walking past a section of storefront businesses and I was distantly aware that people were packing up for the day. A café owner was bringing in the chairs and tables from the footpath in front of their store. Another person was sweeping the floor of the shop she was in and another was folding up a bi-fold sign that had been standing out the front door. There was something vaguely familiar that tugged at my brain and I took a second, more focused, look at her. No wonder this pretty blond girl looked familiar, she was the very person I had been fantasising about for the last twenty minutes or so.
"Bec?"
She turned and looked at me then her face lit up as it split into a huge smile.
"Hi, Sam. How lovely to see you again."
I smiled back and wondered if anyone could not be happy being greeted with such a beautiful smile.
"This is too weird, I was just heading to the train and I was thinking about you."
Bec's smile changed slightly and she wriggled her eyebrows comically. She looked around, almost deliberately suspicious to see if anyone else was listening.
"Dirty thoughts I hope."
I laughed but at the same time felt myself blush a little.
"Well, I must admit, my only memories of you are pretty erotically charged, so... Yeah, they were definitely a little smutty."
"Mmm, good to know. Did you want to wait a minute while I pack up? We can walk together if you like."
I felt that genuine warmth of friendship and wondered if these encounters would eventually lead to a real friendship.
"That would be lovely. Want a hand with anything?"
"No, I'm just about done. I just need to lock this door, change out of these clothes into street clothes and we'll go out the back door."
I looked at what she was wearing and realised that she had on a uniform that closely resembled a nurse's scrubs. I followed her in and she locked the door behind me. She started to make her way around behind the counter and she asked me to follow her through. We went past several small rooms with massage tables in them until we entered what appeared to be a small staff room. It had a table and chairs, A fridge, a microwave oven, and some small lockers at one end. There was a large laundry basket that had a collection of towels and other lots of scrubs in it. I was a little taken a back when she started stripping off her scrubs right in front of me as though it was the most natural thing in the world to do. She stripped right down to her underwear. A very pretty matching bra and panties of satin and lace. I admired her curvaceous ass as she wiggled in front of me getting her bag and clothes out of the locker. She turned and I admired her curves, her firm breasts, her nipples pushing against the material of her bra, her stomach that wasn't quite flat but not far off it, the way the curve of her ass complimented her figure so nicely, her smooth legs that were shorter than mine but looked so inviting.
I noticed after a moment or two that she wasn't moving and I looked up into her eyes. She had a kind of smirk as though she found it funny to have caught me so obviously staring at her body but her eyes had a smouldering intensity to them. Neither of us said anything but she continued to get dressed. She put on a flowing summer-style skirt and a simple t-shirt that she somehow managed to make look pretty and elegant with seemingly no effort at all.
"Ready?"
She smiled at me and led the way to the back door. She set the alarm, closed the door and we headed to the train station. It was only a few blocks but in that short walk, we talked.
"So, Sam. What are your plans for the weekend?"
"Well, I actually have a date tonight for the first time in what feels like years and I'm pretty excited about it."
"Ooh, you go girl. So are you gonna get lucky?"
It was such a forthright question to ask but I kind of liked the fact that she was straight up like that. It made me chuckle and smile.
"I certainly hope so."
"Good for you. Guy or a girl?"
It's funny that that was a question that I never thought I would be asked because I always considered myself to be heterosexual, yet here stood the very reason that made me question that. Don't get me wrong, I could never be a full-time lesbian, I would just miss men too much but I was certainly curious to experiment now that my curiosity had been piqued.
"A guy, my boss actually."
"Ooh, now that's saucy. You're not scared that it will all go wrong and you will lose your job?"
"A little... More now that you have mentioned it."
We both laughed at that.
"Sorry. Just something I would worry about."
"I think it's going to be okay actually but there is one thing I am worrying about."
"What's that?"
"Well, this is a little awkward but..."
"Hey, there's no subject too awkward for me. Trust me, I look at and touch semi-naked people all day and my husband and I... Well, let's just say we are pretty open-minded."
She gave me a look full of meaning. I smiled and nodded, pretty sure I knew exactly why she emphasised the word "open".
"Well, see, I have just discovered a couple of things about myself lately and I am rather enjoying exploring those things. My biggest worry is that if we end up in a relationship he will perhaps expect me to not explore this side of myself."
She nodded and thought for a moment.
"Are any of the things you have discovered and want to explore things that have led you to the possibility of this relationship?"
"I guess so. Maybe it would have happened anyway but the fact that I have flashed him a couple of times this week has certainly expedited it."
Bec laughed.
"Yeah, in my experience that tends to get their attention."
"Something you have much experience with?"
Bec laughed again but this time there was a knowing edge to it.
"Oh, yeah. Quite a bit."
I felt a shiver run through me at the thought of her doing the same things I had been doing this week. I had so many questions.
"You simply must tell me all about it one day."
Bec stopped and eyed me critically.
"I'll tell you anything you want to know. It turns me on to talk about it, to be honest. To watch someone else get turned on by my escapades. Leon, that's my husband, loves to hear about the things I get up to."
She leaned in closer as a group of people went walking past us and she spoke quietly, almost intimately to me.
"He fucked me so hard the other night when I told him how you had made me cum on the train twice. It was like he had been saving an extra load for me. He had me bent over and ploughed me and when he came, the first squirt went deep into my pussy but then he pulled out and came all over my ass. He said to me that he wanted to see you clean my pussy and ass with your tongue. Just the thought and the feeling of his cum splashing on me as he said that sent another violent orgasm through me."
I couldn't believe she was standing here telling me this so matter of fact in the middle of the street. She was talking quieter but anyone walking by wouldn't have to try too hard to hear what was being said. I was soaked and wanted nothing more than to finger my pussy in front of her so she could see how turned on she had made me. My face was flushed but it wasn't due to embarrassment, it was an intense desire to be completely naked with this woman right now. In my mind, I could see her practically naked as she had been when she changed out of her scrubs and I wanted to do what she had just said. I wanted to taste her, I wanted to taste him on her but more than anything, I wanted to make her cum.
I practically growled with desire as I spoke through gritted teeth.
"God, I want that! I want you!"
"Good, because from the moment I saw you, I intended to have you no matter what."
We stared intensely into each other's eyes for a few moments before reality seemed to sink back in. There were a couple of people staring at us strangely but I didn't care, let them see me be aroused by this sexy woman. Hell, they could watch me fuck her if they wanted to.
She reached out and took my hand.
"Come on, we have to get going if we are going to catch this train."
We walked off at a brisk pace towards the train station. I could feel how wet I was as I walked and I wondered if Bec was too.
We were given a few odd glances as we entered the train station hand in hand but nothing particularly negative and there were no comments made, at least within our hearing. We went through the turnstiles and down to the platform. My heart was pounding in my chest but I couldn't tell you if that was because I was excited or just because of the brisk walking pace we had maintained all the way here. Bec laughed wheezily as she doubled over with her hands on her knees trying to catch her breath. I laughed as well.
"I'm glad it's not just me who is struggling."
I reached across and placed my hand on her back. I could feel her breathing deeply and I could also feel her heart hammering away. She looked up at me and smiled ruefully.
"That was a hell of a pace you set there with those gorgeous long legs."
As she said it the train rumbled around the bend and into the station. I smiled, relieved that we hadn't missed it.
"And it seems my timing was good too."
Bec nodded and straightened up.
"You okay, Bec?"
"I'll be fine once I can sit down for a minute."
I led her to the last carriage and we had no trouble finding a seat opposite each other, with me travelling forwards and Bec going backwards. A couple of people got on this carriage as well but sat a fair way away from us. As always, the front of the train would fill first and then filter to the back. Hopefully, it wasn't a busy day and we could have a little bit of privacy, but maybe not too much.
For the first leg of the trip, we both sat there fairly quietly as we caught our breath and relaxed into the ride. After the first stop, we began chatting again. Bec asked what I had in the shopping bag and I told her about the dress. I took the box out of the bag and showed her the material but I didn't want to get it dirty before I had even worn it so it stayed in the box. She oohed and ahhed over the colour and material though.
"Wow, that's gorgeous, I would love to see it on you."
I winked salaciously at her like a dirty old man.
"Play your cards right sweety and maybe you will."
We both giggled at my silly impersonation but there was a truth to what I was saying.
"If I play my cards right, I'll be seeing you out of it."
She said, returning my wink.
It was fun to have silly conversations with a girlfriend and I realised how much I had missed this type of thing.
"When I put it on after my shower tonight, I will send you a picture."
"Oh? You would do that?"
"Of course."
"Have you still got my card? It's got my mobile number on it."
"I do, but I am going to put it in my phone right now."
I pulled out my phone and began entering her details, reading them out loud as I typed them.
"Bec the sexy goddess."
She burst out laughing.
"You did not put that in your phone."
I turned it around and showed her the proof which only made her laugh even harder. She pulled her own phone out as well.
"Send me something so I can add you to my contacts."
I picked up my phone and holding it so that she couldn't easily see my face, I took a selfie, one of the very few I have ever taken, of me sexily licking my lips. I added it to a message and typed a message before sending it. Her phone pinged and buzzed and she opened it up. I could see the colour rising in her cheeks as she read it and looked at the picture.
"This tongue will one day soon be inside your body. You look so delicious I want to taste you."
"Wow! I hope you mean that because you can't make a promise like that and not deliver."
I just nodded and smiled as my pussy went into convulsions thinking about actually doing that.
"Just so you know though, Bec. I have never done that before, so I am very much an amateur."
"Really? Never? Not even experimenting with high school friends?"
"Well, no. My school friends were all very shy nerdy types and I never really knew I was interested until I met you. This week has been a big week for me."
"I feel so honoured, you sure you want me to be your first?"
"Absolutely."
"Wow. Thank you."
Bec leaned forward and whispered conspiratorially.
"This is turning me on so much."
"Me too, perhaps we could both use a foot rub."
I winked again. Bec's smile turned impish.
"I couldn't agree more."
We both kicked our shoes off and leaned back. I raised my right foot into her lap and she did the same, raising her foot onto my lap. We both began giving each other a genuine foot rub. Bec, for obvious reasons, is so much better at it than I am but I improvised and copied everything she did. By extension of that, I let her lead the way in what to do. My foot, slowly began to slip between her thighs, pushing the fabric of her long skirt down between her legs at the same time. I allowed Bec's foot to slip down between my thighs as well but I had on a much shorter skirt. My skin had become hyper-sensitive again as my arousal grew and the feeling of her bare skin sliding against my inner thighs felt so tantalisingly good.
Between the exquisite foot rub I was receiving and the rising tension of Bec's foot slipping further and further up my legs I was in a state of euphoria. I was so blissful that when her foot touched my pussy a small spasm occurred that shook my whole body. I let out a soft moan that seemed to be beyond my control. Remembering where I was I looked around to see if anyone had noticed. Bec had a cheeky grin that suggested she knew exactly what had happened. She wriggled her toes against my pantie-clad pussy and made me squirm. I half laughed as I looked her dead in the eye. Two can play that game, I thought as I moved a little. Having longer legs meant I had more flexibility than she did with her legs stretched out. I lifted my knee slightly, angling my toes inward and found the heat of her pussy with my toes. She gasped as I hit the jackpot and then looked at me as though what I was doing was exactly what she wanted me to do.
Bec looked around the train as I had before she released my foot. She used both hands to gather up her skirt then flipped it up and over my leg. Suddenly my leg was in contact with the bare skin of her thigh. She felt so smooth and soft and sexy and the heat coming from her pussy seemed to intensify. She slipped her hand down into the waistband of her skirt and was touching my foot. She moved her hand around and then pushed down on my foot. I realised she had pulled her panties aside and I could feel the juices from her pussy start to smear over the sole of my foot and my toes as she gently rocked back and forth. I applied a little more pressure with my foot and as I felt her soft wet lips part against the pressure a deep moan escaped her other lips.
I have never been into feet and this hasn't changed that but the fact that it was turning Bec on so much was turning me on. Her foot was pressed into my pussy and as she instinctively began to gyrate gently against my foot it caused her foot to do the same against me and it felt damn good. I could feel her orgasm building in the tension of her body and my own body was responding. It was responding to her pleasure as much as my pride in bringing that pleasure out in her as well as the situation in general. Making a woman cum in a public place like this is extraordinarily arousing to me and it was adding fuel to the fire that was my own body and mind.
Bec was taking these hiccoughing little breaths as her body began to spasm. She grabbed my calf with both hands and pulled my foot in harder against her pussy. I could feel her hot cum leaking out of her, making my toes and the sole of my foot even wetter. Then she let out a deep and long groan that told me she was no longer in control of the noises her body made and that she no longer cared whether there were people around who could hear or see either. She was just completely in the moment and the sheer eroticism of that abandonment, the sounds she was making, as well as the pressure being applied to my clit sent me over the edge as well. Like her, I held her foot in tight to my crotch as I humped against it and flooded my panties with cum yet again. Anyone walking past or sitting nearby would have been given a hell of a show as these two crazy-looking women came all over each other's feet.
We were both temporarily lost in our own worlds as we each tried to catch our breaths as our bodies began to relax between the occasional shudders of post orgasm tremors. It felt like so much blood had gone rushing to my pussy that my brain had ceased to function properly.
As the post orgasmic brain fog began to lift I started to become aware of the noises of the train again, people talking quietly, the bumping and squealing as the train went around a bend. I also noticed the light outside the train changing signalling we were about to arrive at a station. Just as I had that realisation the train lurched as it began to slow. I began to remove my foot from Bec's crotch and that seemed to startle her into a kind of awareness. She looked around and, blushing wildly, removed her foot as well. She looked directly at my crotch which was feeling particularly cool now and smiled. She pointed briefly.
"You might want to cover up a bit sweetie, You're looking very wet there."
I instinctively looked down and realised that my skirt was pushed up so far that I could see my panties without moving my skirt at all. I could also see that they were very wet indeed. I could smell my cum and mingled in with that was also the smell of Stefan's cum and also a bit of sweat. It was a heady smell that immediately made me think of a long session of sweaty sex. It was a delicious smell and I wondered if anyone else could smell it. I reluctantly pulled my very rumpled-looking skirt back down to a respectable length once again. It still wasn't going to pass the freckle test but it was at least not going to get me arrested for indecent exposure.
Bec was squirming a bit uncomfortably as she moved around, trying to get into a position that was a bit more comfortable. I looked at her inquisitively.
"Are you okay?"
Bec smiled ruefully but didn't say anything until the people getting on the train had walked past and sat down. The carriage had a lot more people on it now so she leaned forward and half whispered.
"You made me cum so hard that the seat is wet. I'm going to leave a huge wet spot on the seat and my skirt."
"Ooh, sorry about that."
Bec laughed.
"It might be a little awkward when I get off the train and momentarily uncomfortable but I wouldn't change a thing. I haven't cum that hard in public for ages, it was so good."
I felt myself blush at the praise. I know the praise wasn't directed at me specifically but I was taking it anyway. It was one thing to make a guy cum. It was fun and I enjoyed it immensely but, to be honest, it's not particularly difficult to do. We women, however, tend to be a bit fickle and for some it's not so easy to get us there; for others, it's damn near impossible. So, when a woman tells me it was good then I am absolutely going to wear that badge of honour.
The train moved off again and we sat in companionable silence for a while, smiling as we mentally re-lived some of the particularly delicious moments. Another station came and went and I realised that we were getting close to the station where Bec would be getting off the train. I leaned forward and waited for Bec's eyes to meet mine. I spoke in the same hushed tones that she had used earlier.
"I want more of this, Bec. I want to make love to you one day. I want you to be the first woman I ever make love to."
Bec smiled a huge smile and nodded.
"I would love that. I would be honoured to be your first."
I couldn't hold back the smile that spread slowly across my face. It was going to happen; I knew that now. I had suspected and even been hopeful with our conversation earlier but now I knew and it excited me. We sat there smiling at each other and just as the train began to slow for the next station, Bec suddenly stood up and leaned forward over me. She bent down and kissed me rather passionately. Her lips were so soft and yet they were unrelenting, her mouth felt so good on mine. She separated from me but stayed leaning over me for a moment. She took a deep breath through her nose and smiled.
"You smell so god damn sexy right now."
I giggled like a schoolgirl then immediately felt silly for it. She smiled at my reaction.
"I will be seeing you soon, Sam, and with any luck we will be completely naked and in bed together."
"Mmm, God, yes please."
The train was pulling into the station now and had almost come to a complete stop. Bec straightened up and then pointed to my dress in the box.
"Send me a photo, I really want to see that."
"I will."
She turned and walked out the door as it slid open. I watched her walking away and noticed the wet spot she had mentioned and was surprised by just how large it was. I watched her until she disappeared into the crowd and then I turned back to look at the seat she had just vacated. There was an unmistakable wet patch that seemed to cover almost half the seat. Holy crap, she had cum a lot. My panties were a wet sticky mess as well, but this was something else, it was something quite exciting.
The train began to move again and although I was now alone the feeling of excitement hadn't left me. I was excited about what had just happened as well as for what lay ahead. Tonight was going to be very interesting. I hoped it would all go well and I hoped that Stefan would understand my desires and my need to explore this side of myself. I wanted this to work out with him, I know it's very early days but I had never felt this way going into a possible relationship before. I don't think I had ever wanted someone in quite the same way that I wanted him. There was something underlying that I felt I needed. Something more than just lust, something more than pure physical desire. Not that those things weren't important but I could sense something else there that was bigger than anything that I had experienced before. It was so difficult to not just throw myself all in and forget about my newfound desires but I felt this was something worth pursuing also. Even if these new things were just temporary, I still felt it was important that I explore them as deeply as I desired.
I was also excited about the possibility, more like probability, that something was going to happen between Bec and I. We each wanted to explore that too and that was incredibly thrilling. With Bec, though, it felt like a completely different situation. I wasn't falling in love with Bec. I wanted her physically and it seemed like a genuine friendship was going to come from this too, which I wanted far more than I realised. She was incredibly sexy and I wanted to explore the more feminine side of my sexuality as well. I never would have believed I could be so turned on by a woman, and yet, here I am sitting on a train with very wet panties because a beautiful woman had just made me cum.
The train moved on again and I gathered up my bag. I slipped my shoes back on and realised that my foot was still a bit wet. As much as it had been incredibly hot to do, the result was going to make it a bit uncomfortable to walk home. I slipped my foot out of the shoe and found some tissues in my bag. I used a couple to wipe the inside of the shoe and then my foot, making it at least a little more comfortable.
The train slowed to a stop and I stood up. I was surprised by how tired my legs felt as I walked off the train and onto the platform with my bag as well as the box with my new dress folded neatly inside it. I walked the couple of blocks home and when I walked through the front door the first thing I did was look up the stairs and wonder if my legs could haul my ass all the way up there. I sighed in resignation and began tromping up the stairs. I got to my room and dumped everything on the bed. I then did something I hadn't done in a very long time. I ran a bath.
I stripped off and eased into the hot steamy water and immediately felt the heat go to work on my tired muscles and bones. I was feeling a curious mixture of excitement about what the night held and a mild annoyance that I had to go out again. The annoyance was purely because I was so tired. Physically, I just wanted to crawl into bed and sleep for a week, but emotionally, I was so excited and nervous that I felt like a schoolgirl the night of prom. The heat did its work and I found myself dozing while feeling like I was floating.
After a while, the water began to cool and I realised that I needed to get moving. I plucked my razor off the sink and went over everything that had been shaved just the other day to make sure there was no stubble at all. I made sure I was completely clean and rinsed off under the shower as the bath drained. I then moisturised every square inch of my body until I felt absolutely luxurious. I went into the bedroom and laid out the clothes I was going to wear. My new teddy, the matching underwear, the stockings and the dress. Even just lying on the bed they looked fantastic together. I began by pulling on the underwear then I wriggled into the Teddy. It was no easy task to do up all the loops in the back but I managed to get there. I went and looked in the mirror and was impressed with just how sexy I looked.
"Good start, Sam."
I picked up my phone and took a photo in the mirror. I then returned to the bedroom and put on the stockings. I took another photo and returned once more to put on the dress. Once I was happy with how it looked, I went and put on makeup and a spritz of my favourite perfume. I brushed my hair until it was a long black shiny sheet flowing down my back instead of my usual ponytail. I then took one last photo. I was really happy with the total result. I looked good and I felt sexy. Who could ask for more?
I sent the photo of myself all done up to Bec.
"I'm pretty happy with how it looks on me. What do you think?"
"Oh, my god. You look amazing. If you don't get lucky tonight, I would question his sexuality."
"Thanks. Short of there being some kind of calamity, I am going to be getting some. Considering how much this dress cost, I bloody better. lol."
"I do hope you have got some sexy underwear on under that."
I chuckled to myself. Oh, yes I do. I attached the earlier photo and sent it with a short message.
"I guess it's kind of sexy. Do you think this will hold his attention?"
"Fuck! If he isn't all over you like a rash then there is something seriously wrong. Bloody hell, Sam. You look so amazingly sexy in that. I can assure you that I will be spending a LOT of time looking at that picture. I seriously hope you wear that for me one day."
I smiled to myself as I thought about what that would entail. My mind wandered into a small fantasy of Bec spending some quality time removing it from my body. A shiver ran through me as I thought about her lips on my naked flesh. I could easily have gotten caught up in the fantasy but I had to get moving.
"You know there won't need to be much convincing from you to get me to do that. For now, though you will have to wait until later because I have a date to get to. Wish me luck."
"Honey, you aren't going to need any luck at all. I hope he knows how lucky he is. Have a great time, Sweetie."
I packed a small overnight bag with some spare clothes that were more suited to a relaxing, comfortable day. I had no idea what tomorrow would bring but I was pretty sure I didn't want to spend the entire day in this dress. I also packed some basic toiletries and wandered back downstairs. I got my keys and headed out to the garage where I kept my little car. I hoped it would start first go. It had been a while since I had driven it and the battery could be dead or the fuel stale.
I had that moment of frustration as the starter motor turned the engine very slowly but then it caught and spat into life. I smiled and patted the steering wheel proudly.
"I knew you wouldn't let me down."
I reversed out of the garage and pressed the button on the remote to close the door. I was grinning like a loon as I drove off down the road.
I arrived at the apartment complex where Stefan lived and it wasn't until I got there that I realised that I had no idea how to get to him from the street. I found a parking spot out the front and called his mobile.
"Hello, Stefan?"
I could hear the smile in his voice and it helped calm the nerves I was feeling.
"Well, hello there, Sam. I hope you aren't calling to back out of tonight."
"Considering I'm calling from out the front of your apartment I think it's a safe bet to say that I'm not backing out."
I heard him stand up and move.
"Can you see the garage entrance from there? The door should be rolling up right now."
I looked across and saw a double-width, security mesh roller door slowly winding up.
"I can see it. Where do I park?"
"Go up to the second level and you can park anywhere, I'll meet you there."
I smiled as I hung up the phone and drove into the car park. I looked in the mirror and as soon as my car was inside the door began to roll back down. I drove slowly around the first level then onto the ramp that went up to the second level. There were quite a few empty spaces and none were marked as reserved so I picked one and parked my car. I made sure I had my phone, my handbag and my small overnight bag then got out of the car. I locked it behind me then looked around, unsure of where exactly Stefan would be meeting me.
There were two doors on the far side of the parking lot, one was to a stairwell and the other was an elevator. I began walking over towards them when I heard the elevator ping and the doors slid open. Stefan stood there dressed in smart casual clothes as opposed to his usual business suit. It seemed casual anyway but I could tell the shirt and pants were freshly pressed and his shoes had been recently polished. He looked good, I mean damn good.
He stepped out of the elevator and looked around the parking lot. When he saw me approaching his face changed drastically. He went from having a casual smile to a look of wonder which then became a huge grin. I could see the look of appreciation and attraction in his eyes that rapidly turned to a look of desperate hunger that sent a shiver through me from head to toe.
He looked so damn good and he certainly seemed to like the way I looked. The mutual attraction and desire seemed to ratchet up a notch and I wondered if we were even going to make it out to the restaurant at all. Then I decided that I didn't care if we didn't so long as I got to have him. I wanted him so bad that it was an ache that simply could not be ignored.
I approached him and smiled up at him. My voice came out as a throaty purr.
"Well, hello there, Stefan."
He responded with a wordless, low growl that caused another shiver to ripple through me. He slipped his hand around my waist and pulled me into him. I could feel his hard body move against me and it wasn't the only thing I felt that was hard. He responded with what was almost a whisper.
"Sam, you look incredibly beautiful."
He leaned in and kissed me slow and deep and I felt myself becoming quite moist as my body responded to his desire. I wrapped my arms around his neck and poured all my passion and desire into the kiss. I have no memory of the elevator doors closing or of it ascending. All I can remember is the feeling of his body pulled in tight against mine and his mouth pressed to my lips. Our tongues gently probed and tasted each other and made promises of what was to come from those tongues. I felt like my insides were melting and my pussy was wet and throbbing already.
A ringing sound seeped into my subconscious and I felt Stefan begin to pull back. I didn't want to let him go and only reluctantly did so. My mind was in a daze as he reached out and turned a key. I looked at the key and realised the elevator had a separate key-way next to each floor and that each floor was locked, unlike a normal elevator where you just pressed a button. The light next to the key-way indicated that they were on the top floor. There was a part of my sub-conscious memory that knew he lived on the top floor but seeing the word penthouse next to the the key kind of blew my mind. I had heard his place was nice, a bit over the top according to Mario who believed in simplicity and was anything but ostentatious.
The door slid open and I was awestruck. Instantly my eyes were drawn to the large window that looked out over the city and the river in the background. It truly was a million-dollar view, hell, probably a ten million-dollar view, and it was stunning. I stepped off the elevator and the door closed quietly behind me. I looked around the room, which was largely open-plan, and noticed a large screen on the wall in front of the most comfortable-looking couch I had ever seen. The whole place was almost minimalist in design and that included the furniture. Lots of blonde wood, polished concrete floor with beautiful rugs strategically placed and the only wall decorations were some artistic photographs that were quite beautiful. The photos and the rugs served as warm splashes of colour and warmth throughout the room.
Stefan walked over to an island counter in front of what was the kitchen. The large appliances were conspicuously absent but were soon revealed when he opened what looked like just one of the wooden wall panels to reveal a large fridge that would have fit in in any top-end bar.
"Would you like a drink before we head out?"
"Yes, please."
He didn't ask me what I would like but just began putting together ingredients like a professional bartender and not a corporate business owner. I was impressed but it just pointed out that there was so much about Stefan that I didn't know. It only made me want to know more and I loved the mystery. Speaking of mysteries, I realised there were no obvious doorways to any other rooms. Surely there was a bedroom and bathroom. I began to look around and the closest thing to a doorway I could see was an alcove off the end of the kitchen that had some comfortable-looking seating next to the last of the big glass panels on the wall of windows. I wandered over in that direction and noticed that the wall off the end of the kitchen didn't go all the way to the far wall. It was angled just enough to give the illusion that it went all the way to the wall but, in reality, it stopped about six feet short of it.
I peeked around the corner and saw that it was a corridor that ran the length of the kitchen behind the wall and led to a staircase that went up to another level. All along the wall behind the kitchen was a bookcase that went from the floor to the ceiling and ran the entire length of the wall. It was lined with books and I was deeply impressed but I had to wonder how many of them he had read. I think the thing that impressed me the most though was that it was not on display in the main room. This wasn't some kind of brag wall, it was hidden around a corner where they were easy enough to access but not on display as if to say "Look how cultured and well-read I am." I found myself wandering the length of this wall and trying to get a bearing on what he liked but it was impossible. The range of topics and styles was so wide and eclectic that it was almost schizophrenic.
"Find anything that interests you?"
I jumped, startled at the voice right behind me when I hadn't heard him walk around the corner. I turned and blushing slightly I looked at him. He had a smile on his face that said he knew he had surprised me. He was holding out a cocktail in a martini glass to me.
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have been snooping, I was just curious about where the bathroom is then I got distracted by this."
I waved in the general direction of the wall of books. I reached out and took the proffered drink and raised it to my nose. There was a strong smell of alcohol but there was a citrus smell and some other fruit as well. I took a sip and was delighted by the flavour burst in my mouth. It was delicious but I knew I would have to be careful with these. Stefan was looking at me like an excited boy waiting for my opinion and his boyish charm made me smile. He may have been trying to be sophisticated and nonchalant but I could tell he was trying to impress me in his own way.
"This is absolutely delicious. What is it called?"
"Absolutely no idea, just made it up."
"Wow. Good job."
His smile broadened and I could see he was thrilled with my response. He motioned to the books.
"My mother instilled a love of books in me from an early age. Most of these have come from her. She has quite a collection herself but she has been passing them on to me over the past few years because she wants to downsize. Mum and Dad never had a big home but I think she decided quite some time ago that she wanted to move and Dad never wanted to leave the family home. I suspect that when things settle down a bit she will sell the place and move somewhere smaller. She wants to travel some while she still can and she wants to go back to Italy to see her family again. I offered to have her hear but she said she doesn't want to intrude on her son's life."
I nodded as though that sounded like a reasonable thing and he chuckled. I looked at him with a confused smile.
"What?"
"Have you ever heard of an Italian Mumma that doesn't want to interfere with her son's life? No, she just doesn't like this place. Thinks it's too neat and sparse, too Scandinavian."
He laughed again and shook his head.
"I sometimes think she is worried that I will never find a wife and have a house full of bambinos."
Something inside me lurched. Babies weren't something I had given much serious thought to, despite being nearly thirty years old. I wanted kids one day but not yet. I didn't want to be thinking about kids and marriage on a first date, especially with the other things I have had on my mind lately. A wave of guilt washed over me as I thought about the situation we were currently in. If marriage and kids were what Stefan was looking for then I needed to be sure and let him know what was on my mind a.s.a.p.
It must have shown on my face because Stefan suddenly blushed and looked quite guilty himself.
"Oh, man. I'm sorry, Sam. Look at me talking about these things when we haven't even had dinner together yet. I hope you don't think that's what I am angling for."
I smiled at his awkwardness and had an overwhelming desire to kiss him and set his mind at ease. I stepped up to him, placed my arms around his shoulders, leaned in and kissed him deeply. Once again, I could feel his hardness pressed against me and his mouth responded feverishly to mine. Our kisses became deep and insistent, our hands were clumsily trying to touch each other but not spill our drinks. I knew that if I didn't stop now there would be no stopping at all and I was beginning to get quite hungry for more than just his flesh. I pulled back and took a deep shuddering breath.
"If we are going to make it to this booking we need to stop now or we won't make it out of this hallway."
Stefan laughed.
"Would that be such a bad thing?'
"No it wouldn't, but I want us to take our time and well, I'm getting bloody hungry."
"God, I am so rude. It seems I'm not well-practised in the art of seducing a woman. Finish your drink and we will get going."
I couldn't help but share his enthusiasm and thought he was doing a superb job of seducing me, perhaps a little too well. I finished my drink and handed him the glass, then followed him back out into the main living area. He called for an Uber and then put on his jacket. We headed for the door and waited for the elevator. It still amazed me that his front door was an elevator.
"Stefan?"
He turned to me with a questioning look on his face.
"What do you do if there's a power outage or a fire or something?"
"There's a staircase around the back that we can take if need be but it's never been a problem yet. The building has its own power backup system if the grid goes down and I have never actually needed to use the stairs. I have used them of course but not because I had to."
"Oh, okay. It's a silly question I know but things like that get stuck in my head until I have an answer."
Stefan looked at me with a smile.
"It's not a silly question at all. It was one of the first things I checked when I bought this place."
I already knew he owned the apartment, obviously, because I did a lot of the paperwork for it when it was purchased and as he told me about the fire escape, I realised that I knew this as well. When it's just an abstract address on a piece of paper though, one of several that the company owned, it has a strange detachment from reality. It's not until you stop and consider it that it all comes together unless you are actively looking at it. I shook my head, feeling a little silly for not connecting the two but Stefan didn't seem to notice. In fact, he seemed delighted to be telling me the small details about his home that he was so clearly very proud of.
The elevator arrived and we took it down to the lobby. Instead of turning left and going out into the garage we went straight ahead and walked out the front door of the building. We stepped out of the building and the moment we stepped onto the footpath the Uber arrived. It was like some scene in a movie where everything happens in the most convenient way possible. Stefan smiled, noticing the convenience too.
"That was good timing."
I looked at him and shook my head.
"Anyone would think you have done this once or twice before."
He smiled.
"Called an Uber? Too many times to mention. Gone on a date? Far fewer than you might think."
"Oh? So you're not some international playboy that has a woman in every port and town?"
Stefan laughed.
"Sorry to ruin the illusion, but alas, no."
I gave a fake serious look.
"Hmm, I might have to rethink this whole thing then."
His face showed a brief but definite look of concern until he saw that I was just teasing him. He reached for the door handle of the car.
"You are such a naughty tease."
"You don't know the half of it."
The door closed behind me and he walked around to the other side of the car. He sat down and gave the driver instructions. The car moved off and he turned towards me, reaching out he took my hand in his.
"I want to though."
I was confused and shook my head.
"You want to what?"
"I want to know, not just half of it, I want to know all of it."
"Oh."
There was a long pause as I wondered if he truly knew what he was asking for.
"Careful what you wish for, you may not like the truth."
He shrugged nonchalantly.
"Maybe, maybe not, and maybe you wouldn't like my side of it, but isn't that the exciting part of a relationship? Getting to know each other."
I thought about it and knew he was right but I couldn't help but feel a bit apprehensive. I had known all along that I was risking everything and yet, I had come this far anyway.
"It's definitely something we need to discuss before things go too far."
Stefan lowered his voice just a little and leaned towards me.
"Sam, I have seen you all but naked, I have had my cock deep inside your hot, wet, velvety pussy. I have cum inside you. All behaviours that could cost a business owner everything. I have fucked you against the window of our building where anyone could see. I have risked my family's business, my future, both mine and your reputation, and I would do it all again right now because I want you so badly. I want people to know you are mine and for them to see how sexy you are. How far is too far, Sam?"
I couldn't argue with that and besides, hearing him say those things had my pussy so wet that I was beginning to lose what remained of my self-control. There was only one response that I could honestly say though.
"Before we both fall stupidly in love and get hurt."
He nodded and seemed to be thinking about it for a second or two.
"I want the risk. I want to take the chance. I think you do too. But, yes, I agree that we are going to have to be honest with each other."
I leaned in closer to him and whispered.
"I want to take the chance. I want to risk it all. It's what is most exciting to me, the risk."
I reached into his lap and slowly slid his fly down. I reached into his pants and felt his hot, throbbing cock, just begging to be set free. Stefan wriggled his hips until the angle was better then I pulled his cock out into the open air. I began stroking his cock with my hand. I loved the feeling of his soft skin surrounding such hard flesh. While I began stroking him I leaned in and whispered in his ear.
"I want to feel this cock inside me again and again. I want to taste you. I want to taste your cum, I want to taste our cum mixed together. I want you to fuck me in every way possible, in every orifice possible and I want people to see your cock stuffed inside me and your cum dripping from me. I want them to know that you are mine and I am yours. I want that so badly but there is more that I want too and it's only fair that you know that too."
"Oh, God, Sam. I know you like to play and to tease. I know that I won't be the only person you tease. I want you to tease others. It turns me on so much to think that you will do that. I want to watch. I want to see you make other cocks hard."
I was on the verge of coming in the back of this Uber and I could feel Stefan's pre-cum smearing all around his hard cock.
"What about pussy, Stefan? Do you want to see me make someone else's pussy wet? Want to watch me make a woman cum?"
I could feel his cock twitching hard as he imagined what I had just said.
"Oh.Yesssss."
That came out as a hiss and his breath was becoming shallow.
"Oh fuck, Sam, if you don't stop now I'm going to cum."
I dived down and took his cock straight into my mouth and began stroking him earnestly. His hand wrapped in my hair and his hips raised as he began to cum in my mouth. There was a large spurt as he unloaded into me, followed by several small squirts. I had to swallow hurriedly to try and get it all down and even then I wasn't entirely sure I was one hundred percent successful.
I did my best to clean him up and then helped him get tucked away. I sat up and smirked at him and his state of shock. We both giggled at the absurdity of the situation then I turned to look in the mirror to check the state of my hair. Surprisingly he hadn't messed it up too much. It was then that I locked eyes with the driver who had a look of bewildered surprise on his face. He knew exactly what had just happened and was shocked. I just smiled at him and he mouthed the word "wow".
Moments later we pulled up at the restaurant. Stefan hopped out quickly and came around to my side. I already had the door open because I wasn't used to people opening doors for me but he still held out his hand and helped me out of the car. As we stood there for a moment he leaned in and kissed me. He smiled sexily at me and whispered in my ear.
"I can taste my cum on your lips and I love it."
"Mmm, good. Maybe later you can taste it on my other lips."
I smiled back at him and I was excited to see that he was turned on by the idea of it too.
"By the way, Sam. You have a little bit of my cum on your cheek but I want you to leave it there. It looks fucking sexy on you."
Oh, God. This was the hottest thing ever. He had confessed that he wanted pretty much the same things that I wanted and here I was in public with his cum on my face after I publicly blew him in the back seat of an Uber. I was so fucking wet and I desperately wanted to fuck, but I knew it would have to wait. First of all, despite the small "meal" I had just had I was ravenously hungry, and secondly, I knew I would have to wait for Stefan to be ready again. I was already impressed at two in one day and he didn't seem nervous about going for a third.
We walked into the restaurant and a girl in an all-black uniform greeted us. She looked at Stefan first and he told her about our reservation. She smiled and nodded, looking down her list and finding his name there.
"Oh, yes, of course, we have you down for a window seat."
She smiled at Stefan and turned to me. She smiled momentarily and then I saw her eyes slide to my cheek. A moment of hesitation then the dawning look of comprehension as she realised what she was seeing. I continued to smile as her face began to get redder and redder. Stefan, seeing what was going on took a closer look as well. I knew he was aware of what it was but he did a great job of pretending he had no idea. He pointed to it and commented.
"Honey, it seems you have something on your face."
I pretended to have been completely unaware of it and raised my hand to my face. I scooped that dollop of cum onto my finger and looked at it.
"Hmm, so I have. It's from what I was eating before."
I popped my finger into my mouth and sucked Stefan's cum from my finger, my eyes never leaving the girls the whole time. Having cooled, it wasn't the best but that didn't stop me from putting on a bit of a show of enjoying it.
"Mmm, delicious."
The girl's face went, unbelievably, redder still. She knew exactly what it was that I had just sucked from my finger and couldn't hide her shock. The fact that she knew just turned me on even more.
Eventually, she regained her composure and showed us to our seats. She took our drink orders and hurried off. I looked at Stefan and I could see he was trying his hardest not to laugh out loud. I smiled sexily at him.
"So, do you think she's appalled or turned on that I just ate your cum right in front of her?"
Stefan finally let go of his control and laughed.
"Probably a bit of both. I know it turns me on."
"Mmm, good. I want you to be very turned on by the time we get out of here. I want you to fuck me long and slow tonight."
"God, it's so hot when you talk like that. I have every intention of being very thorough while making love to you."
"Good. So tell me, Stefan. What do you plan to do to me?"
"Well, I intend to return the favour you did for me in the car on the way here."
"Ooh, that might be a bit tricky to achieve in the back seat of an Uber, what with me in this dress and all? Besides, I want you to take it slow with unwrapping me from this dress and the special underwear I am wearing for you."
"I feel quite honoured that you chose special underwear as well as that beautiful dress for me."
"I have to admit, it felt very sexy not to wear any underwear at all for some of this week but it's nice to have something special for you to enjoy too."
"Oh I definitely enjoyed you not wearing any too, but I have to admit that I am curious about what you are wearing under that dress."
"I can show you some of it if you like."
Stefan didn't say anything but his raised eyebrow showed me he was interested. I glanced around the room and noticed a few people had been arriving but none were in clear view of me. If they saw anything at all it would only be a suggestion of what I might be doing and nothing more. I began to slide my dress up my legs, slowly, teasing him. I had his full attention with his eyes glued to my legs. Higher and higher went the hem of my dress until my pussy, covered only by the black lace crotch of the teddy, was on display. I looked down and I could see that the moisture
had leaked through and had made the tops of my thighs as well as the lace quite wet.
"You look so delicious."
"Feel free to have a taste whenever you want."
His hand reached out and connected with my thigh. Slowly his fingers traced their way up my thigh until they brushed against my pussy. I sucked in a breath as a jolt of electricity surged through me. I closed my eyes in pleasure but as quickly as it began it went away. I opened my eyes and saw Stefan sitting back, his eyes looking behind me. I felt a presence behind me just as I heard the voice of the woman who had seated us.
"Your drinks, oooh."
The moment she arrived at the table she could see up my dress and my exposed underwear. I made no move to cover myself and just looked at her as her face went through a series of emotions. She was blushing again but there was also a curiosity there and she was almost as fixated as Stefan had been. There was a long pause before she seemed to shake it off. She placed the drinks on the table and taking one last quick glance at my pussy she smiled and moved on. I smiled back at her and turned to Stefan. He was smiling too but in an impressed kind of way.
"I don't know whether I'm more impressed by your bravery or by your eroticism."
"I'm just glad you find me impressive at all."
"Oh, very. More so every minute."
"Does it bother you that she wants me?"
"Do you think she wants you?"
"She may not know it yet, but yes, she does."
"Confident. I like it. The question is, do you want her?"
"Well, she is very pretty and her body is kind of hot under that uniform. Under different circumstances I would be very curious to try it out but you might be surprised to know that I have never been with a woman."
"Not at all?"
"I've dabbled recently, but I haven't actually slept with a woman...yet."
Stefan gave a small chuckle.
"That does sound interesting. Something I would love to witness one day. I take it this is one of the things you wanted to discuss with me before things go too far."
He used his fingers to put quotations around "go too far". I nodded and suddenly didn't feel quite so confident. Despite the flirtations and allusions to my desires I still didn't know for sure if Stefan would be willing to accept me for who I am and I wanted him to; more than I had ever wanted anything.
The rest of the meal went fairly quietly. We talked a lot about our lives outside of work and as the night went on I felt justified in my feelings for Stefan. I came to realise that he was not so different in his private life to what he was like at work. It was nice to know that he wasn't hiding behind a façade and also that he didn't take the wealth his father had earned the whole family for granted. He expected nothing to be given to him, not even respect. He knew he had to earn everything and everything he had he valued. His beautiful apartment, even though within itself was an expensive piece of real estate, was stark because he didn't like ostentatious displays of wealth. Simple and comfortable was his way of life and the only real displays of wealth he showed was that he appreciated quality. He wore well-made suits because they were comfortable, made of quality materials and functional. It didn't hurt that they looked damn good on him. He drove a Mercedes Benz because it was a great quality car but it wasn't a model that drew your eye to it. No gaudy designs, colours, loud pipes or sports modelling. Comfortable and quality.
I wasn't sure how I fit into that equation but so far we were getting along very well. We had finished our dessert and were sitting with our drinks when he looked at me quite seriously.
"I guess it's now or never, Sam. You said we had to discuss something before we go too far. Time to spill the beans."
I took a deep breath and I felt the earth tilt uncomfortably. I could be throwing away my whole world on a whim here and it suddenly felt ridiculous. I was tempted to say it was nothing and just continue with the night but it felt wrong to be potentially starting a relationship with a lie that would surface sooner or later.
He sat there patiently while I gathered my nerves. I took a deep breath and let it out slowly and a touch shakily. I reached over the table and took his hand in mine. It felt so warm and strong and right in mine. He gave my hand a gentle squeeze and I began to speak.
"The first thing I want to say, Stefan, is that I want you."
He grinned and I could see the excited inner schoolboy behind his eyes.
"And I don't just mean physically, although I want you so bad right now it's like an ache. I mean I want you. All of you. I want to be with you. I know it's early days and I don't mean to scare you off, but I feel like there is something big between us just waiting to come to the surface. It scares me but I want it like I have never wanted anything."
He was smiling at me quite tenderly but then he noticed the uncertainty in my eyes.
"Why do I sense there's about to be a big but coming up."
"But."
"Ahh, there it is."
I could see he was trying to be upbeat and joking about it but I could see he was feeling a bit hurt too.
"But, I am scared."
He nodded and smiled again.
"Of course you are. Do you think I'm not?"
"I don't know, you come across as really confident but I don't know where this is going and there are things about me that you don't know. Things that could be a problem."
Stefan nodded again.
"Isn't that the point though?"
"What do you mean?"
"Why would anyone want to get into a relationship with someone that they know everything about? Where's the adventure in that?"
I shrugged although I understood his point.
"What if the things you learn about me are a deal breaker?"
He laughed this time.
"Let me ask you some questions then, Sam."
"Okay."
"Have you ever murdered anyone, or do you feel an unquenchable desire for blood?"
This time I laughed out loud.
"Not recently, no."
"I'm being serious, Sam. You have to answer me honestly here."
"Okay, sorry. No, I am not a killer or a psychopath."
"Hmm, exactly what a killer or a psychopath would say, I guess I'll just have to take your word for it. His face became serious again.
"Is your interest in me based on financial well being? Do you have designs on my money?"
I was initially appalled and a wave of anger blew over me for an instant but then I understood. It was unpleasant but a reality that he must face from time to time. I gained a new insight into why he was still single.
Knowing how important this was I looked him dead in the eye and held his gaze.
"I swear to you, Stefan. Money is not why I am interested in you. It is not, nor has it ever been a motivation for me. I will happily sign any agreement that separates me from your or your mother's wealth or income. I earn my wage and I plan on keeping it that way, no matter what."
I felt him relax through his grip on my hand and he smiled deeply again.
"I am truly sorry to have to ask you that, Sam, but unfortunately, I have had experiences that has made it something that I have to ask."
"I get that. I am sorry you have to think that way but that is not something you need to worry about from me. Financially, my biggest fear is that if this doesn't go well I'll be out of a job."
Stefan nodded as though understanding my position a little better.
"Well, let's put our cards on the table before we go any further so we can both avoid that kind of awkwardness. Do you mind if I go first?"
"No. Please, go ahead."
"I am nervous about telling my mother about us just yet. I need to know where we are going. Not because I am ashamed, far from it, but because I know her and she will be at your door the moment she knows and asking you when you are going to give me some babies."
I laughed because it was funny but I sensed the truth in it too.
"That's fair enough. My turn?"
"Sure."
"I have very recently made some discoveries about myself, which you now kind of know about, and I need to explore this side of my life. It's something that has been missing in my life for as long as I can remember and I simply can't just tuck it away neatly and pretend it never surfaced. I don't want that to be a bone of contention between us and I want. No, I need to be honest with you."
Stefan sat back and eyed me shrewdly for a moment and I could see he was giving it serious consideration.
"I'm guessing part of it is what we were discussing about our waitress?"
"Yes. I want to experience that."
"Considering we aren't actually in a relationship as such yet it is not my position to allow or not allow anything with you. Even if we decide that a relationship is something we want to pursue then I would never say what you can or can't do, that's just not who I am. I would ask, though, that if we do agree to a relationship anything like this be discussed between us. I don't want secrets but I do want you to live your life to the fullest. I can't promise that I won't get jealous from time to time especially if it becomes an ongoing thing but I think we can agree that we can work that out if necessary if and when things get more serious."
I couldn't ask for more than that and I was quite surprised that he felt the way he did about it. I felt a huge weight lift off my shoulders.
I smiled and pointed to him.
"Your turn."
"Okay, well, seeing as we are discussing things that turn us on that might prove to be awkward. I have one of my own."
"Unless you're a necrophiliac or have a torture dungeon I think you're pretty safe."
He looked overly dramatic and shocked.
"Bloody hell, how did you know?"
We both laughed as he shook his head no.
"Nothing that kinky I'm afraid. The truth is, I'm a bit of a voyeur and it drives me wild when a woman is confident and an exhibitionist. You have been melting my brain this week."
I grinned wickedly.
"Mmm, I may have picked up on that. It's a handy thing too because it drives me nuts to tease people like that. It's something that I accidentally discovered just recently."
"Ooh, well that sounds like an interesting story. How does someone "accidentally" discover that?"
I smiled at his enthusiasm and excitement.
"Well, that is a fun little story and I promise to tell you all about it but not tonight."
He gave a large pout like a petulant child.
"Oh, why not?"
"Because right now, you need to take me home and fuck me until I can't take any more. I want you inside me Stefan, your fingers, your tongue and your nice hard cock. If I don't get that real soon I am going to get cranky because my pussy is so slippery and wet right now that something simply must be done about it."
I was leaning closer and closer to him as I spoke and I ended the sentence by giving him a deep kiss that left no one in the room in any doubt about what I wanted. I surfaced for air and he stood up immediately. I noticed his hard cock pushing against the front of his pants and smiled. He held out his hand and helped me to my feet. He walked hurriedly to the counter where the waitress tried her best not to stare at his hard cock but her eyes kept being drawn back to it. She ran his card through the machine and her eyes wandered back down to his cock again. I reached across and squeezed it gently, feeling the hardness through his pants. In the process making it stand out even more against the fabric. The waitress's eyes went wide then immediately she looked into mine. She had that perfect O-shaped mouth of surprise and I wondered if that was the same face she had when she came.
"Looks good doesn't it? That's why we're in a hurry to get out of here."
Stefan was glowing beetroot red and the waitress didn't know where to look. I smirked as I turned and walked towards the door. Stefan mumbled something behind me but I didn't catch it, he then trotted up and opened the door for me. We stepped out into the cool air of the evening and waited for the newly ordered Uber to arrive.
"Jesus, Sam."
I could see that he could see the humour in the situation but he was embarrassed too. I chuckled but I knew I might have pushed it too far.
"I'm sorry, I was just teasing but yeah, maybe that was a bit much."
"Just remember we still have to work in this town."
"I'm sorry."
There was a long pause then I looked up at him.
"What did you say to her after I walked away."
He chuckled to himself.
"I said, sorry about that. We've had a great night."
"Did she say anything?"
"Yes."
I looked at him expectantly but he was just grinning like a smart ass. I guess two can tease but I was not feeling patient now at all.
"What did she say smart ass?"
Stefan laughed out loud.
"She said that it was quite alright and that she too was having a great night. She then whispered that you are right it does look good. She blushed like crazy and walked off."
I laughed, partly in relief that I wasn't going to get arrested but also it was a sense of justification. I could tell that naughty minx was that way inclined and it felt good to share that.
The Uber pulled up and Stefan opened the door for me. I sat down and he walked around the car getting in on the opposite side. The car drove off and within seconds Stefan's hand was sliding up the inside of my thigh. His hand stopped about halfway, around where the freckle is. I was no longer in the mood for teasing though. I needed something right fucking now. I grabbed his hand and pushed it up tight against my sopping pussy. I felt his fingers moving around, seeking. My hand joined his until I found the snaps for the crotch of my teddy. I felt relief as the snaps gave way followed by the tension of the excitement building in me.
I moved my hand out of the way and let his fingers explore. I was so wet that he was slipping and sliding all over my lips and between them. He circled my clit a few times and shivers ran through me but before he could build up a rhythm I tilted my hips. My hand returned and guided his two middle fingers into me. I leaned into him and bit his shoulder gently and I tried not to moan out loud as he slowly filled my pussy. My hips began to buck with a mind of their own and when his fingers curled up inside me I lost the last vestige of control I had.
I wrapped my arm around him, buried my face in his neck and moaned deeply into him as my orgasm ran through me like some kind of unstoppable force. I could hear my pussy squelching as I humped his fingers and I was damn sure the driver would know exactly what was going on but I just didn't care. I could feel my cum practically pouring out of me and I knew the back of my dress would be wet, probably the seat of the car too, but none of that mattered. Wave after wave of tension and release washed over me.
"Oh, oh, oh, God, yes. Stefan, oh, I am coming on you. Oh, oh, oh, I want your cock inside me. I want to feel you cum inside me again. Fuck me Stefan, fuck meeeeeeee."
The last disappeared into a whispered moan as I was completely lost in the ecstasy of how he was making me feel. I seemed to lose track of time, as though there were several minutes, or perhaps just seconds missing. Next thing I knew I was still huddled up against him and his hand was still on my pussy but his fingers were no longer inside me.
"I want to taste you, Sam. I want your cum in my mouth."
"Oh, god yes."
He gently removed his hand from my crotch and raised his fingers to his mouth. He kept eye contact with me as he greedily pushed his fingers into his mouth. He moaned and his eyes fluttered as he delighted in my taste. I leaned in and kissed him around his fingers, and then I licked the places he had missed. I had developed a real passion for the taste of my cum and tasting it on his lips was an extra pleasure. A wicked smile crossed his lips as he stared deep into my eyes.
"I like that you like the taste of your cum. I will share some more with you soon but we are almost home now."
I looked out the windscreen and noticed that we were less than a block from Stefan's building. The car slowed to a stop and I tried my best to not be completely obvious about trying to straighten myself up but there was no way the driver didn't know what had just happened in the back of his car.
We got out of the car and I felt the breeze amble up my dress and across my naked, wet pussy and it caused goosebumps all over my body. I made it inside the elevator quite normally, despite how wobbly my legs were. Inside the elevator, Stefan held me from behind, his arms wrapped around my waist as I leaned back into him, feeling his cock press into my ass. He whispered into my ear, all the things he longed to do to me tonight, and I longed to have him do them to me, each and every one of them.
The elevator slowed to a stop and Stefan opened the door with his key. We stepped inside the door and our kissing commenced again. Without even realising I had done it, he was stripped to the waste before we had crossed the floor. By the time we reached the staircase, he was out of his shoes and his pants hit the floor about the same time as my dress did. I stood there for a moment in nothing but my Teddy as he feasted his eyes on me. He seemed almost incapable of speech as he stood there with his cock bulging inside his underwear. There was a small wet spot forming at the head of his cock and I licked my lips in response. He gestured up the stairs and said something about the bed. I did as I was told and began the ascent with him following along behind me. He moaned as I walked several steps ahead of him and my ass, which was pretty much level with his face, swayed temptingly for him. He reached out and ran his hands over my naked cheeks and moaned again.
"I am going to eat you up. I want to taste every square inch of you."
I almost came just from the lust pouring off this sexy man. The fact that it was so genuine and aimed at me just made it even hotter.
I reached the top of the stairs and looked around. It was mostly open plan like the floor below but divided into separate but open rooms by dividing walls that didn't go all the way to the loft-style ceiling. There was a passageway to the right that seemed to go only to the exit door he spoke of earlier but I noticed a doorway off to the left that was a darker section of the floor. Closer to the top of the stairs was a huge bathroom with a shower so big that it was almost bigger than my entire bathroom at home. There was also a spa bath and a room like a large closet, lined with timber and a door with a large glass panel in it. It looked like a sauna and to be honest it wouldn't surprise me if that was exactly what it was.
I turned left and headed towards the source of light which was the large window facing out onto the city. On my right was the biggest walk-in robe I had ever seen. It was bigger than my lounge room at home. Impressive for all its size and organisation it was still less than half full. I wondered if maybe Stefan had overindulged when designing this place and didn't consider that he wouldn't need half this space. I continued to the bedroom and was once again awestruck by the amazing view he had.
Nothing interrupted that view. Even the balcony that jutted out from it was all glass. There was a door built into the window at the extreme left side which allowed access to the balcony. It too was thick, solid glass and only the aluminium frame offered any sort of interruption to the amazing view.
I felt Stefan's hands glide around my waist and then his lips against my neck. I leaned my head over to allow him better access to the skin of my throat. I purred as his soft lips worked their magic up my neck to my ear. His hands were slowly exploring the front of my Teddy. They slowly moved over every ridge and bump in the material, meeting between my breasts then travelled up through my cleavage dancing lightly along the edge of the material along the tops of my breasts.
Meanwhile, his lips were exploring my throat and neck then down my spine from my hairline down to the top of the Teddy. His fingers disappeared from my breasts and I felt them begin their work of undoing the first of many clasps that held the Teddy together at my back. With a soft pop, the first one came undone. The moment this new piece of my flesh was exposed his lips began exploring it.
His journey of exploration continued slowly. There would be a pop and more kissing, only when he had his fill of exploring each section would he begin undoing the next one. I had never had anyone ever be so thorough and it made me feel delicious, like some exquisite morsel that must be consumed slowly to properly appreciate.
At some point he ended up on his knees behind me, kissing my lower back while his hands reached around and explored my breasts and belly. When he could kiss no further down my back because all the clasps were undone, the elastic waist keeping it on from my hips down, he used his hands to turn me around. He kissed my lower belly as his hands reached around and massaged my naked ass.
He looked up at me from this prone position and there was such an intense smouldering in his eyes that I swear I could feel the heat radiating from them.
"I want you more than I have ever wanted anything, Sam. I need you. I have to taste you, fill you, be inside you."
"Oh, God, yes. I want that too."
He stood up, kissing my breasts and nipples on the way, then kissed me deeply. I felt his body pressed against mine and his cock slipped along the skin of my lower belly. I wondered when he had removed his underwear then realised I didn't care. I pushed the Teddy down over my hips and felt it slide to the floor. We were both now completely naked, skin on skin, and it felt amazing.
His hands were all over my back and my ass as his mouth devoured me. He kissed my mouth, my nose, my neck, my shoulders and down to my breasts. I gasped as he drew my nipple into his mouth and flicked it with his tongue. I felt like every nerve in my body was standing to attention wanting their turn to receive his pleasure. I was practically vibrating with erotic energy. Stefan released my nipple and trailed kisses slowly down underneath my breast then continued down my torso. His hands were still trailing from my shoulder blades, down my back, squeezing my ass playfully then descending to the back of my thighs as he got down on his knees.
I giggled as his kisses tickled me when they trailed over my belly button and then down further still. The anticipation was building as his kisses reached the small strip of pubic hair that I had remaining. His hands slid around the front of my legs, between my knees and slowly pushed them apart. I placed my hands on his shoulders so I didn't lose my balance then moved my feet apart. I looked down and straight into his eyes as he was looking back up at me. My fingers trailed gently, lovingly, through his hair but then gripped involuntarily as his tongue entered me for the first time. I felt his tongue separate my lips and slide up into me for a moment then moved up to my clit. I quivered as the sensation shook me to the core. His lips circled and he sucked my clit into his mouth where his tongue began to massage it in ways that had never happened to me before.
My head went back and my jaw dropped open as a moan that I wouldn't have recognised as my own voice escaped me and the orgasm that had been so close for so long hit me like a runaway truck. I simply have no memory of what happened next and the gap in my memory could be a few seconds or hours. All I remember is coming back to earth, gasping, spread out on top of the bed, face down, spread like a starfish, gasping for breath. I had no idea how I had got there and the sensation I was experiencing right at this moment was like nothing that had ever occurred to me before.
It was the most intensely erotic yet nerve-wracking thing I had ever experienced. Had I been asked if I would agree to this I would most likely have said no but here I was, thoroughly enjoying every second with a seemingly endless orgasm bubbling away in me as Stefan had his face practically buried in my ass. His tongue would slip down and tease my pussy, suck my lips and cum into his mouth then come back up over my ass hole, tickling it gently as he went. Then he would return down to my pussy.
I knew some people enjoyed giving oral sex, I was one of them. My previous boyfriends had had varying degrees of enthusiasm for it, none, however, had gone at it with the vigour and obvious delight that Stefan was. Although it was unexpected and probably something I would have baulked at before there was no denying just how good it felt. Not just physically good, although it was fucking amazing, but to be practically worshipped like this was incredible. The way he took such delight in making me feel so good, was something beyond anything I was used to.
He began to kiss his way slowly up my back. He gently bit, nibbled, kissed and touched every part of me. His hands explored gently as much as his mouth did until he reached my neck. He trailed kisses along my spine right up to my hairline. The further he went the more I could feel his cock touching my thighs, getting closer and closer. I needed him inside me and my hips were already making involuntary humping motions trying to get him inside me. I felt the head of his cock just brushing my opening but maddeningly not going in. It was a cruel tease. I was moaning in desire and frustration.
"Fuck me, Stefan. I need you inside me."
I could hear the smirk in his husky voice as he deliberately rubbed his cock against me.
"Are you sure that's what you want?"
"Oh, God, don't tease me, just take meeeeee ooohhhh!"
I let out a deep and lustful moan as the entire length of his cock slid easily into me. He didn't stop until he physically couldn't go any further. He held there for a moment while we both adjusted to the feeling and I felt deliciously full. Then, slowly, he began to pull out until he was almost completely out of me then he thrust his cock back home. My ass was cushioning his hips as he thrust into me over and over again. It felt incredible but it was not what I needed. I loved the feeling of his cock pounding in and out of me but I wanted it deeper and my butt just wouldn't allow for that. I needed a change of position.
"Stop for a minute."
Stefan stopped immediately and pulled out of me. The sudden emptiness made me feel sad and somehow incomplete for a moment. He lifted his weight off me and rolled to the side. I looked across at him and saw the look of worry on his face. I smiled at him to let him know I was fine.
"Are you okay? Did I hurt you?"
I chuckled.
"God, no. Not at all, I just want to do something different now."
I pushed his shoulder and he rolled over onto his back. I got up on my knees and leaned over him. I kissed his lips, tasting myself on him and it sent a shiver through my body. I kissed my way down his chest, paying attention to his small hard nipples along the way, then down over his tight stomach until the tip of his cock, still wet with my cum bumped into my cheek. I took his cock gently in one hand and licked just the tip. I was rewarded with a mixture of fresh pre-cum as well as my own cum. I licked it all up then took him into my mouth. I gently sucked on him as my tongue went to work and as his hips began to thrust I bobbed my head in time, allowing him to gently fuck my mouth.
He got a bit carried away and began to hit the back of my throat. I gagged slightly and immediately changed my hand position around the base of his cock so he couldn't go too deep. After a few more minutes I could hear him moaning but I didn't want him to cum in my mouth this time. I released his cock and began to pay attention to his balls. Kissing all around them and gently sucking them.
I sat upright and smiled at him again. He smiled back and although neither of us said anything, a lot seemed to be said in that moment. I moved my leg over his and positioned his cock at my opening. I slowly began to sink down onto him and it felt wonderful to have him back inside me.
Because of the change of position, it felt like he was bigger than before. Both times previous that I had had his cock inside me it was from behind, this time with me on top there was nothing at all to hinder the depth and he filled me almost to the point of being uncomfortable. If he was any longer at all he would have been pushing too hard against my cervix. At this depth, the head of his cock would brush against it every time I bounced down onto him and it felt amazing. It was almost like he was tailor-made for me.
I bounced up and down on him until my thighs began to ache and then I sat there with him filling me for a moment while I caught my breath. I stared down at him, quietly amazed that he had lasted so long, but then he had already cum twice today. I wondered if he would perhaps not be able to a third time. He didn't seem keen to stop though. He was looking up at me with a smile and a slight look of awe on his face.
"Did you know, Sam, that this is the most beautiful vision I have ever seen?"
I felt myself blushing.
"Don't be silly."
His face turned serious.
"I am being deadly serious. Seeing you, in all your naked glory and wild beauty. Your face rosy, hair streaming around you like a dark halo, flushed with pleasure and it's me that you want. I almost can't believe my luck."
I was surprised, more than surprised. How could one man, that has so much, feel so unworthy? I don't mean the money, either, although I am sure that would only add to the list of women who wanted him. He was very attractive, fit, and healthy, and had a good sense of style and aesthetics, a good sense of humour and taste. He was well-educated, intelligent and very easy to talk to. How is it possible that someone who had all this saw so much in me?
"I think that you think far too little of yourself, Stefan. It's me that should feel honoured that you would even want to have dinner with me."
"I want so much more than dinner with you, Sam."
"Good, because I plan on being here for breakfast too."
We both chuckled but then I began to move and it was as much to take some of the intensity out of the conversation as it was because it felt great having him inside me. I slowly rocked my hips back and forth like I was riding one of those old electric rocking horses you used to see out the front of supermarkets. His eyes rolled back momentarily from the pleasure of it and I discovered that if I angled my hips just right then the head of his cock brushed back and forth over my cervix as his pubic hair ground against my clit. I could feel a mighty orgasm building and building and this time I wanted it to completely engulf me, both of us.
There was nothing quick about it, it rose slowly, each stroke building it a little higher. It was small increments but each one very noticeable and equally as pleasant as the one before. It reached a point where I didn't think it could possibly go any higher, but it did. Over and over it was pushed beyond what I thought was humanly possible until it burst over me, showering me in an electrical current of bliss. At the same time, or maybe because of it, Stefan's cock swelled inside of me and he threw his head back and moaned ecstatically. I fell forward onto him, embracing him, wanting to feel his body touching as much of mine as possible as I twitched and shuddered through a thunderous orgasm.
My last conscious memory of the day was breathing heavily, smelling the scent of Stefan's body and the smell of our love making and feeling his heart pounding in his chest against mine.