Jennet bounced around the kitchen in her satin robe, loosely tied about her waist it threatened to spill her goods. She wore only a pair of comfy boy shorts underneath. One week into her summer furlough she took pleasure in hanging 'loose'. As she threw together a colorful salad her mind wandered to the afternoon delight, she shared with her Husband Duncan days earlier. She giggled as she remembered him unable to contain his orgasm and she bucked her ass into him. After 7 years of marriage, her sexuality was truly beginning to bubble out.
When they first got together neither of them had experienced sex with anyone. And it showed, most of their copulations were vanilla in anyone's book. As they grew more confident, their sexual flavors began to emerge. It became clear to Jennet that she was quite submissive sexually, a trait that betrayed her headstrong attitude outside of the bedroom. She often found herself trying to egg on her husband's dominant side, kneeling before him for a sensual blowjob or beckoning him to pull her hair during their trysts. Sometimes he got the hint, and she felt her pleasure amplify.
Duncan found he loved to see her on display in various ways, the sexy black bikini was the first in a long line of gifts he doted upon his wife. Her top drawer was neatly packed full of various lingerie items including garter belts and thigh-high stockings, balconette bras that amplified her natural assets, and a constant supply of short dresses and skirts for her to choose from. For her own part, Jennet enjoyed showing herself off more and more. While she was acutely aware of her large breasts and head-turning butt, she endeavored in her younger years to not display herself and be seen as some bimbo. But now having made something of herself through willpower and hard work she felt she could finally make herself feel as sexy as she was.
Given their first-ever sexual encounter was in the back of a car, it didn't take them long to start exploring more and more daring places to have sex. Jennet would steadfastly vet a location before they undertook their escapades, ensuring they could never be caught. From nightclub toilet stalls to beachside showers, they both reveled in the lewd excitement of exhibitionistic sex. The result was a highly sexed-up wife, something that Duncan was not always available to quench her needs. Sometimes spending days away from work, Jennet found herself on the receiving end of many online sexcapades with her husband. She had become an expert at taking naughty pictures that she often saved to send him during work hours. He would find himself in a meeting glancing at his phone only to see his wife's perfect tits staring back at him.
As she sat at the table enjoying an early lunch, she thought it would be a great time to do just that. Carefully arranging her robe in a way that the maximum amount of leg and cleavage was on display, she chuckled to herself and gently rubbed her nipples causing them to push hard against the soft fabric. She angled her phone high above her and gave her best pinup look and snapped a few shots. The result was a tantalizing display for Duncan, and he studied her gorgeous form while the CFO droned on about waning profits during the recession. He quickly texted to her.
"Someone looks excited?"
"Do I? Maybe I need someone to come and take care of me?" Jennet replied, referring to their afternoon romp. Duncan simply replied three eggplant emojis and Jennet laughed out loud to herself. She collided her breasts together, causing them to spew forth from the robe, with one hand tweaking her rock-hard nipple and the other pointing the phone back at herself she gave a seductive smile and snapped another photo.
Duncan dropped his phone on the large conference table, bring the meeting to a grinding halt. He quickly caught the bouncing phone and scrambled to stuff it into his pocket stammering out several apologies. His penis tented his dark trousers and he slunk down to hide his shame from the entire boardroom. Back home Jennet waiting for a reply as she finished her salad, but nothing came. She pouted a moment, hoping to see the effect of her teasing, imagining her husband idly patting his dick from his pocket thinking about her mountainous tits. She thought about relieving herself with her fingers, as she had found herself up quite a bit taking slutty pictures. But she needed to get out of the house and opted to change into some workout clothes and run off this pent-up sexual energy.
Jennet never tried to play up her body, especially when she was working out, Duncan had bought her a pair of tight compression shorts which featured a two-tone color shaped like a love heart around her butt and a matching sports bra with straps that crisscrossed her taught back, but she would never wear it outside of home yoga sessions. She instead sported some baggy running shorts and a loose hoodie, her long black hair pulled tight into a ponytail sticking through a dark blue cap to protect her dainty features from the sun.
After 50 minutes of hard jogging, she felt alive. While relaxing herself and recharging her batteries at home was a nice change of pace. She was meant to be out and moving, her well-sculpted muscles working to their full potential. Her body tingled with excitement and warmth as she made her way back home, perspiration trickled down her face and neck and her cheeks gave off a lovely pink hue from her effort.
As she rounded the corner to their little street, she noticed a large moving van at the house next door. 'Good' she thought. That place had not had an owner since they moved in, and it would be nice to have someone to interact with next door. She ambled to a walk watching two large men exit the rear of the truck carrying what must have been a very heavy fridge. They were both behemoths by any standard - they had to be she thought, to be working as removalists - she bit her lip absently watching the two large men sweat as they manipulated the awkward load. They were both black, she noted. Their coal skin shone in the high sun. She didn't really know any black people, outside of her college days, but she didn't really associate with anyone at all then. Except for her roommate.
She studied them a quiet moment, while they were both too busy with what they were doing. They looked a little older she judged from their faces, one made had a scraggy beard with whisps of grey in it and a short, cropped haircut. The other had stubble which gave him a strong gruff appearance and a shaved bald head.
She was brought from her momentary trance by the sound of them setting down the fridge, they high five in the triumph of getting it down from the van. One looked over at the sweaty wife, he smiled genuinely and gave a pleasant wave. Jennet reactively waved back and made her way towards her house. The man must have thought she was approaching them by mistake and made his way over to her.
"Hi." said the large man, still smiling and offering his large paw to her.
"Oh, hello. Warm day for it? I hope you two have enough water." She said, immediately thinking how goofy she sounded.
"We're ok, used to this kind of thing. Nice to meet you..." He trailed off, expecting her name.
"Uh." Stammered Jennet, she felt like she was craning her neck. As 5'5", she wasn't short, but she was nothing standing next to this heavy-set male before her. She looked to get tiny hand engulfed by his a second, the size difference made her feel like he could pick her up by the head if he wished.
"Jennet, but my friends call me Jenie." What? She thought, no one called her that since school.
"Vincent." He released her hand. His gaze never seemed to leave hers, something Jennet wasn't used to. She usually noticed eyes starting to wander, taking in her whole body. She felt uneasy, and the silence was definitely going on for too long.
"Well, good luck Vin.... cent." The last syllable seemed to not come out properly, but she was already moving away. She cringed to herself after her back turned, nearly jogging to get out of sight and away from the awkward exchange. She felt so insignificant around this man, like ambushed prey. She was glad the interaction was over and wanted to jump into their pool and drown herself.
"Hell Vin, you didn't need to scare her off like that. Ya'll just moved in." The other man said.
"Come on man, give me a break. Not every day you see something like that." Vincent guffawed. He was going to like living here. "Let's get this stuff inside, I need a beer. And don't gawk at the neighbors, I'd like to not have the cops here my first week." Both men heaved the fridge up and set about getting it inside.
Finally, inside Jennet ran up the stairs two, then three at a time. She needed to cool off. She opened her top drawer and went to grab a swimsuit. She looked at her one-piece, then over at her little black bikini.
"Fuck it."
She grabbed the black bikini and stripped off, she was still tying the top while she bounded down the stairs, her breasts bouncing making it hard to contain them in the tight material. She took maybe 5 steps before she was at the pool's edge and dove headfirst, swimming the length of the pool underwater. The cool bubbles from her dive danced across her body, soothing the heat of her run and the humiliation of her goofiness around the movers. Why was she acting this way? There was something different about the man she met, and she could not figure it out.
She burst through the surface of the water, throwing her head back to keep her hair from her eyes and face. Letting a heavy gasp, she breathed the warm air in, feeling reinvigorated. She stood there a moment in the shallow end of their sizable pool, letting the cold water drip down her body. She looked back from where she dove and saw something strange floating. Oh god, was there a rat in the pool? She reeled in a panicked moment, only to look down and see her pale breasts exposed to the afternoon sun. She instinctively grabbed her fleshy mounds in embarrassment, her head shooting around as if there might be someone there. Giggling at the silly notion, she felt that familiar tingle during her last private display at the poolside. With a sigh she let her hands fall, laying back into the water and floating in bliss.
Next door, Vincent and Ambrose were setting down a large squat rack on the back patio. They heard a loud splash next door. Ambrose curiously wandered over to the tall fence, it must have been 8 or 9 feet tall, perfect for privacy. But age had warped some of the wooden frames and you could make out what lay beyond with one eye. What lay beyond was a true vision. Ambrose saw a dark-haired siren emerge, it felt like slow motion. The water cascaded off her striking features, he watched as her slender neck gave way to the mountainous swell of the most perfect pair of tits he ever witnesses.
"Holy shit Vin." He whispered, beckoning him over in silent earnest.
"Man, what are you doing?"
"Just look, bro." Vincent did. Leaning down and peaking one eye through the subtle gap. He saw Jenie, in all her splendor.
"Holy shit." Vincent nearly fell into the fence trying to get a closer look. He watched her cup her tits, then let them fall away revealing two hard pink nipples. If Vincent didn't know better, he would of thought she was showing herself off. It looked like she was swaying her body before sinking back into the water.
"Man, this girl is fiiiine." Ambrose snaked out the last word for emphasis. Vincent was silent, transfixed on the sight before him.
"Yo let me get another look." Ambrose tried to push his way in. Vincent shoved him back.
"My house my rules brother." Not looking away from the fence. Ambrose stood and wandered the fence, looking for another gap to peek through. He found one a few feet away, the angle wasn't as good, but it would do.
Silently, the two hulking men remained hunched over like a pair of peeping Toms, waiting to see what would happen next. Vincent knew what he was doing was wrong, but he felt his cock snake its way down his thigh. It was making the decisions now.
In her back yard Jennet once again emerged from the cool water, she smiled to herself feeling liberated. Her nakedness seemed to fuel her, shedding away the awkward feelings, it also excited her. She bit her full bottom lip a second, pensive in thought. One of her wry smiles inched across her face. She looked over to the table beside the pool, where her phone sat.
Her wide hips swayed as she walked up the steps of the pool, her whole body on display to the world. Leaning over the sunbed to grab her phone, water dripped from her hardened nipples, sending a slight shiver down her spine. Her delicate ass was on full display, unbeknownst to her, toward the neighboring fence. Four pairs of eyes were glued to her every move.
Cackling like a schoolgirl breaking the rules, she angled the phone to sit up, setting a timer on her camera app. She pressed the button and leaped back, arching her back and grabbing handfuls of her hair, the sun bounced off her wet body, illuminating her tantalizing curves. She held the position a moment, ensuring the camera caught it. Once satisfied with this, she bounced back to the phone to inspect her handiwork. Jennet squealed to herself in tepid excitement, this would be a great shot to tease her husband with. That will show him for not replying she thought. But she needed to up the game just a little. She absent-mindedly lulled on the balls of her feet before deftly grabbing the strings of her bikini bottoms and pulling them away.
From the fence, it was like the bottoms fell away in slow motion. Both men gasped as the young neighbor's pink pussy came into view. Vincent heard a faint whistle from his friend, and he gave him a quick stern look before turning back to continue the viewing. They watched as she inspected herself, noting her smooth, bare pubic mound and the subtle hint of her clitoris, hinting at her rising arousal. Both men's cocks ached in their briefs.
Jennet never felt so alive, even in the privacy of her home her actions seemed so lewd. The shedding of the last of her garments gave her the boldness she needed. Plopping down on the chair, she spread her legs wide. Placing the camera at a low angle she gave her best 'what are you going to do?' face and snapped a few pictures for good measure. Jennet hit share and sent the photo without even checking the quality, lest she back out at the last second.
Duncan was at his desk when his phone pinged again. Thinking it would be his wife asking when he would be home, he opened her message not expecting much. His eyes widened when he was faced with a full-frontal shot of his wife's delicate pink pussy, glistening with her wetness. His penis rose immediately in his pants, he was looking around guiltily, make sure no one could see his screen. His phone pinged loudly, and his eyes shot back to his screen. In the next photo his wife was clearly feeling herself up, one hand roaming her breasts. It quickly scrolled up and was replaced by another image of her hand continuing down. Duncan was holding his breath now, utterly enraptured in what was transpiring before him. It took another minute or so, but his phone finally chimed again, and the last image was replaced again, only this time with a video. Duncan nearly tipped his desk over as he rose, practically running he made his way to the men's room, somewhat hunched over in an attempt to hide his raging boner.
The hot afternoon sun beat down on the Young's backyard. The dead air seemed calm, had it not been for the muffled cries of Duncan's young wife. She was two fingers deep in her pussy, her moist folds squelching as she massaged her clit with each plunging stroke. Her skin had turned pink from both the hot day and her wanton excitement. She held her phone over her body, trying to capture every inch of her quivering body. Her mind was racing with images of herself as a porn starlet again, grinding her pelvis for the camera and her fans, beckoning herself to orgasm for countless viewers doing the same.
"God I'm such a slut." She whispered breathlessly. "I need a cock in me so bad." She continued to whine. She flipped herself over on the sunbed, laying her recording phone so it could catch all the action. Her fantasy continued to play out. She presented herself for an unknown lover, placing two fingers on either side of her wet folds, she splayed her pussy open in invitation.
"Give me that big cock." Three of her fingers dove deep into her yearning fuck hole. Her hand was a blur now, trying to emulate the vigorous fucking that she desperately craved. She imagined her dark stranger behind her, his strong hands encircled around her narrow waist, dragging her body onto his immense cock. She gave herself long strokes with her fingers, just like she needed, her breathing was labored like she could not get enough oxygen.
"Big cock." She began chanting again, her whole body rocking with the imagined thrusts of her lover. She felt her orgasm ballooning up inside her. Her eyes closed tight, she fucked herself with such enthusiasm that she unknowingly had knocked her phone off the chair, and it lay face down in the grass. The video recording long stopped. Her mind continued to race, visualizing herself being fucked by the dark stranger. Though this time the unknown figure seemed to take shape in her mind, it wasn't a blank figure anymore. It was the moving man she had just met. His gigantic muscles flexed with every violent thrust. Sweat poured off his naked body just like she saw earlier.
"Oh god." She wailed out, falling to her shoulder with her pert ass pointing to the sky. She switched hands deftly to maintain her pace. The moving man was pounding her like she had never thought possible, his cock was colossal, thick as her wrist, and pulsed with power. She imagined its bulging veins appear as he extracted it from her poor pussy, only to be rammed back home with a powerful slap as his tree trunk thighs hit her upturned ass.
"Big cock." She said again, her orgasm was so close.
"Big. Black. Cock." She howled to the backyard. Her whole body tensed. Mouth open in a silent scream it was like she stopped breathing, all she could feel was warmth explode from her vagina in a blissful deluge. It lasted maybe 45 seconds. Her body and mind were totally disconnected. Jennet's breath returned and she gasped for air rapidly, each exhale came with a sharp squeal followed by a deep moan. She fell prostrate on the sunbed, one hand still embedded in her well-used sex. It felt like she passed out but had no concept of time so could not tell. All she knew was she had never cum so hard in all her life.
"Holy. Shit. Bro. This girl is a freak!" Ambrose whispered over to his friend.
Not wanting to look away for fear of missing anything, Vincent mustered all his willpower and stood, turning around.
"Leave her be man, girl needs her privacy and I ain't getting on no sex offender list" He pushed Ambrose firmly.
"God damn, that was better than any porn I seen man. Ya think girl got an OnlyFans? Sign me up." Ambrose took a step back; Vincent's shove was firm and forceful. He know his old friend was more than a match for him in strength, so he yielded and moved to leave.
"I'm gonna love coming over here, man." Ambrose slapped his friend's shoulder and then headed back inside. Vincent took a fleeting look back at the high fence and gave an acquiescent grunt.