Luckily I was hidden under the covers and it was dark still. I tried to calm my breathing...my step-sister turned and was closing the door when, "Please masturbate" came from the wrist computer! It could tell I had stopped!
My stepsister rushed in and grabbed the sheet off of me. She was in college already. "What the fuck!"
"Leave me alone! It's the stupid bracelet! Go back to your room!"
"Hmm. Ok. I'll let you go back to sleep." [Then she gave me some kind of look that did not make me very comfortable].
After a few more seconds; "Please masturbate. Auto-orgasm will start in 60 seconds..." I didn't know (then) what that was, but I thought I'd better keep masturbating...after I locked my door.
After he had measured our erect nipples, the doctor directed us back out the door. "The receptionist will take you to the shower area where you will get haircuts for school." We were excited to get haircuts, until we learned what kind of haircut.
The doctor opened the door for us, and we went back into the lobby area. I know my nipples were still hard, and from what I could tell the other girl's nipples were too. The doctor had really been thorough about making sure our nipples were as erect as possible before writing down his notes. I had never had this kind of physical before. It made me more than nervous about this school, but I really felt out of it. I wasn't nervous then, I was just feeling really tingly.
In a kind of erotic haze, the receptionist told us to follow the signs up to the thirtieth floor. We still didn't have any clothes on, but we were all kind of out of it and loopy. We saw the elevator and pressed the button. We could see the light come on where the elevator started from. It came up from the ground floor and up to the 4th floor where we were. Luckily no one else got on before us naked teenagers did! We were all holding our lotion bags and information forms, so we couldn't really cover ourselves anyway. This wouldn't last...
We didn't realize that this building was connected to the mall, but we realized it when we stopped on the 8th floor.
"Oh my god Mandi!" Two blonde girls stood shocked as they got in with us. "Why are you guys naked?" then looking around, "And where are your clothes? "
Neither of us knew what to say.
"Are you guys doing the elevator streak? We've done that!" Then they smiled and looked at each other.
"We're just going up to the showers, it's for school!" Becca said, as if this was self-explanatory.
"Is that what your little info says?" Mandi asked and grabbed for one of the pamphlets.
"St. Lucius Admittance Form: As God Intended"
"Is 'As God Intended' naked?"
"We don't know, our parents forced us to go."
"Oh, well. It looks like you might enjoy it." -Mandi winked. The other girl winked back and said "This one looks like she's already enjoying it!" With that she reached out and grabbed my boob! "Oh! Stop!"
"Oh, I didn't think you'd mind if I just grabbed you. You are naked you know."
"I know."
"So you don't mind?"
Before I could say anything, she went back and started fondling my breasts. "Why aren't your breasts as big as your sisters'?"
"She's not our sister!"
"I think you are starting to like this. Is that why you aren't moving out of the way?" I didn't know why. Maybe it was because I had things in my hands, maybe it was the weird erotic haze we were all in. "I bet you are wet down there. Should I check Mandi?"
She moved her hand down my smooth stomach and I kind of involuntarily moved my hips closer to her touch. She slowly traced my private hair as I closed my eyes.
"You guys had better stop!" Said Becca.
"What, what are you going to do big boobs?" Said Mandi as she pushed Becca back up against the wall. Becca's boobs were definitely the largest, and probably pinkest.
"Mm-she is wet" said the girl as she stroked my lips.
"Maybe we should keep you girls company. There's a lot of bad people that might take advantage of some naked girls in an elevator..."
"Like you Traci!" Said Mandi.
"Let's go. This is where we parked."
"Can we take her with?"
"No, no. We'd get in trouble."
That's when they left.
The other girls just stared at me. I involuntarily squeezed my legs together. A little juice started to gather in my private patch.
When we finally got to the 50th floor, I was probably more aroused than I'd ever been. I was really glad I'd had something to have in both hands so I didn't just masturbate right in front of the two big boobed girls and whoever might want to use the very public elevator next. It could be more girls, it could be some big football dudes, it could be someone's mom. None of those ideas sounded fun, but they all made me squeeze my legs together tighter!
When we got to the floor. It didn't look like a floor with any showers, it looked like an office. It didn't sound like an office though, it was very quiet. Only the hum of softly thrumming machines. We found another receptionist, and just walked over to her. She didn't seem at all surprised that we were naked. She smiled at us with a big, shiny red-lipped smile. "Right this way ladies."
End of Ch2.