This can be read and enjoyed as a stand-alone story, but deeper character depth and the effects of the plots, rivalries, twists and turns, of Asma's sexual journey, will be found by reading the entire series.
Asma's son Fahad carried the parcels up the stairs of the two-storied house to the open lounge area at the top of the stairs. Ai thanked him and motioned him to sit beside her on the couch. The thin-bodied, nerdish-looking, bespectacled, eighteen-year-old Pakistani youth nervously did so, trying to keep his eyes off the forty-six-year-old Vietnamese's hard nipples which strained against the transparent, semi-sheer material of her blouse.
He had arrived at the house of his mother's petite best friend expecting to find Ai's eighteen-year-old daughter, Vy, ready for her Mathematics tutorial with him. Although they were both studying final year Advanced Mathematics, his knowledge was excellent, hers was poor. Ai had apologised for forgetting to inform Fahad that Vy was attending extra lessons at school that afternoon and had invited him in to try her Vietnamese coffee, and then asked if she could impose on him to carry the parcels upstairs.
Although he and Vy were both in year twelve, they attended different Government schools: hers was all female, mainly Asian, whereas his school was mixed and its students were from a lower social class. When he tutored her after school the 18-year-old Vietnamese was dressed in her summer school uniform as it was not yet winter. The long shapeless blue checked outfit hung loosely on her thin body and reached mid-calf. Long white socks were pulled up to her knee well past the hemline, unlike most of the other Vietnamese students who tested the school rules with the tightness and shortness of their uniforms. Her plain, bespectacled round face with its short brutal hairstyle was unadorned by any makeup or false eyelashes, again unlike most of her fellow Vietnamese students.
God, it made him horny sitting beside Vy's mother, and his cock started swelling. He was semi-horny continuously now as his mother Asma, after seducing him and introducing him to sex (see Chp4) and her two weeks of frantic fucking with him, had stopped the relationship. From the sounds coming from the marital bedroom from then on, his forty-two-year-old mother was now getting her sexual fulfilment from his father Afsar. He compared the petite Vietnamese to his four-year younger mother and fantasised fucking the Vietnamese. If it was for real and not imaginary, it would have been the second fuck of his life, following his mother's seduction of him.
His thoughts were interrupted by Ai. "Seeing we are alone I'd like to discuss your intentions with my daughter Vy. After all, she is only eighteen, and the same as you is completing year twelve. I know I am best friends with your mother, Asma, and that you are helping my daughter with her Mathematics, but I think it is very important we talk and discuss the future. I have come to know you since you have been tutoring her, so I am happy she is meeting you here supervised by me. But are you just going to play with her affections, or do you have something more long-lasting in mind? You and I must speak freely, openly, and honestly."
As she spoke, she swivelled to face him and placed a hand on his thigh. Fahad's face reddened both from her touch and the fact that as Ai twisted towards him it had somehow caused her mini skirt to bunch up. The result was her thong-encased pussy was now mostly visible if he lowered his eyes. His cock was rapidly approaching its full 11 inches and he hoped the folder on his lap covered it.
"Well er er," the sweating Fahad stammered, "She and I get along famously and she appears to enjoy my company and has even asked me to take her to her school's formal."
"That is good, but what I want to really know is have you bought enough condoms because after the formal I will have the guest room downstairs set up for you and Vy?"
Fahad's jaw nearly hit the floor. Was he hearing correctly? What was going on? Were all Vietnamese as sex orientated as Vy's mother?
Oblivious to his stammering discomfort Ai continued, "It's probably best if we go and get some good quality ones now, rather than leave it too late and get cheap unreliable ones. Just wait here while I change." She was off the sofa and into her bedroom which was off the open area in which they sat they sat before a flustered Fahad could reply.
The shocked Pakistani youth's eyes flicked to the open bedroom door, and he froze. The angle was perfect; a long dressing mirror reflected Ai's svelte body as she slid out of her tight mini skirt and blouse. Her thong followed and she stood nude before the mirror. He watched as she pulled on an even smaller thong and black micro mini. A tight red boob top and no bra completed her dressing. She selected a pair of platformed, extreme-heeled shoes and tottered out of her bedroom. She was a sight never seen back in his home in the northwest city of Peshawar, situated in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
Ai stepped out of the bedroom and paused as if a thought had just struck her. "I forgot and presumed. Sorry, I just assumed you would come. You probably don't want to be seen at the shopping Centre with an old Vietnamese woman like me. Maybe, I should go alone, or you could buy them yourself."
"Oh no, I would be proud to accompany you and be seen with you," he stammered. "Plus,' he continued his face reddening, "I wouldn't know what to buy." In his confusion he kept talking, "I have only copulated with my mother."
Luckily, he had spoken in such a rush and jumble of words it appeared as though Ai had not heard the last remark. "That's good you don't mind being with me. I hope I have dressed well enough to go out escorted by you."
"Dressed well enough," Fahad thought. "What she is wearing would barely have enough material to make a small handkerchief."
Ai continued, "Not that I will be much help either because I don't like using condoms and it's been so long since I last had sex. But we need to do this as it is going to be Vy's first time, and she is not on the pill. Although it is unlikely that she will make you cum as she is not a typical sexy eighteen-year-old Vietnamese, it is best to be prepared."
Fahed knew for certain his cock was at its full eleven inches, striving to burst over the waist of his school trousers. Luckily his shirt was not tucked into his pants, and he hoped this covered the damning evidence. The trip to the local Chemist Warehouse outlet at Highpoint Shopping Centre was short but for Fahad, it was more agony. Ai was oblivious to the fact that the angle of the driving seat and the use of the accelerator and brake pedals, had her mini shift bunch up to around her hips and Fahad could see the thong she wore was in fact split and her shaved pussy was visible, and that it had a two-inch gold chain hanging from it.
As they walked through the large shopping mall, Ai suddenly stopped and grabbed his arm to halt him. She looked in the boutique women's clothing window exclaiming, "New stock", and enquired which he thought might suit her. They continued towards Chemist Warehouse with her not releasing her grip on his arm. Fahad became aware of the looks they were gathering, or more particularly Ai was receiving, especially when they took the escalators up to the top level. He realised the crowd behind were striving to get the best view up Ai's minuscule mini, although some were gazing in astonishment at the gawky Pakistani youth with the attractive sexily dressed, older Asian woman clinging to him.
He suddenly stopped, uncertain what to do. A group of Pakistani males were clustered outside Gamesworld, obviously having spent time there playing the machines. They were a year older than him, unemployed, and he had tagged along with them a couple of years ago trying to be accepted and "a man". But their petty crime and street violence had turned him away. They hadn't seen him, but Ai noticed his sudden halt, and he had to explain he knew them.
"Go and say hello. I'll quickly look in this dress shop then catch up with you."
He went to the group and forced hellos were said, and it was obvious they had no interest in or time for him. He was about to depart when Ai appeared, slid in front of Fahad, wrapped his arms around her so his hands were on her lower stomach; no make that her upper cunt and said, "Fahad, introduce me to your friends. Your friends are my friends. They are from Pakistan, like you, aren't they?", she queried as she pushed back into Fahad. He fought hard but his cock began to rise.
You could hear the sound of their dropping jaws hitting the tiles as Fahad introduced Ai to them. They departed from the stunned group with Ai draped against him and he could feel their shocked eyes boring into his back and he hoped she had not noticed his hard-on. That thought was dismissed at Chemist Warehouse and replaced by others as Ai dragged a nervous Fahad to the condom section. "From what I have seen at my home and here size is more important than the brand," she said and took her time selecting the largest size she could find. "We don't want it breaking inside Vy, though I doubt she will gain your fullest erection."
What sort of woman was Vy's mother? The thought pounded through his head as she clung to him at the register staring brazenly at the checkout chick as she paid for the "They fit G31", which the packaging claimed was 30% larger than the "Maxum XL". As he escaped from the shop Ai asked if he could spare the time to help her pick some clothes and the next hour was spent watching her parade before him in a procession of nightclub dresses, most of which would not look out of place on a celebrity red carpet where little knowns were trying to be noticed.
Back at the house, Fahad carried the shopping upstairs and on his second trip from the car up the stairs, he was greeted by a nude Ai, wearing only her slut heels and dangling cunt chain. She led him into the bedroom and knelt on the big king-sized bed.
"Come on Fahad, take the hint and fuck my pussy. It's been waiting for your cock for hours."
Fahad stripped off his shirt, popping a button that flew across the bed in his haste. Helped by Ai he pushed down his pants and under-shorts, kicking them off along with his socks. Ai gasped at the fully visible eleven inches of Pakistani fuck meat and the swollen skin of Fahad's knob and stared longingly at its glory and menace. It stood proud, a quivering eleven inches in length with a pronounced curve upwards. It was not over thick for its extreme length and the shaft had two long veins running along the top and one along its bottom. At the end of this rock-hard fucking piston was a cockhead half as wide again as the shaft with a semi-open eye with drops of precum already forming on it.
She had her reasons for seducing Asma's son, but this was a bonus she had not expected. She had intended to seduce the son of the woman as payback for Asma betraying her to fuck with another Vietnamese woman. He was so thin and looked malnourished. How could this thing be part of his body? She reached forward and grasped his cock with both hands as you would a two-handed sword. Amazingly three inches or so still protruded past her grip. The entire length of his huge rod throbbed, straining for escape from her grip. But Asma kept it imprisoned with her hands, steadily stroking the rigidly pulsing flesh with her fingers.
Her cunt could wait. She had to taste it. "Close your eyes Fahad," she said.
When he did so, she knelt before him and the next thing that Fahad felt was a warm mouth circling his cock head and hands on his hips pulling him forward to draw it into her mouth. Her mouth struggled to take his hard-on, not because it was too large and tight but because it was so damn long: far, far longer than any Vietnamese prick she had blown. She tilted her head back trying to obtain the angle that would allow the sex piston that was hitting the back of her throat to enter her gullet. She succeeded and guided it slowly down her straining throat until his ball sack slapped against her chin.
She wanted to use some tongue action, but with his cock lodged in her gullet that was impossible, so she told Fahad to slowly withdraw his cock from her mouth. When he did so she looked up at him. "Let me Lick it, honey, I know you want it sucked. Watch me use my tongue on it."
He couldn't, didn't protest because her tongue was already out flickering. Soon she had his rampant cock bobbing up and down from the quick short strokes of her tongue. While her tongue danced with his cock, she continued to tease the tip of it and Fahad looked into her eyes. Something was in her eyes, and it was single-minded. It was lust, pure and simple. Fahad felt like a God. Ai was doing what he had fantasised about so often with imaginary women: a woman kneeling and sucking his cock. Deep-throating him and wanting it. But now it was real. He plunged his cock into her mouth and there was no protest, only need. He grabbed her by the head and started humping her face as he fucked his mother's best friend's pussy.
"Yeah! That's it Ai. Suck it! Suck my cock! Use your tongue, work that tongue," he groaned somehow playing out his fantasy, speaking in a way that if he thought about it, he would be too shy to do. And did she ever. She worked her tongue on his cock like a street pro in the back seat of a taxicab in New York. He couldn't take it anymore. His balls started rumbling and he knew like in an old western, it was shooting time. He tightened his grip around her head and rammed his eleven inches past her mouth and deep into her willing throat. It was time to shoot his load.
"FUCK!!" he growled as his orgasm was stopped short. Ai had gripped his ball sack with one hand and the middle finger of the other pressed hard on a spot at the base of his scrotum. He could not cum and slowly his overwhelming need to cum receded.
"Now, take me doggy style," she pleaded, kneeling on the bed edge so her hips were proffered to him. There was a sheen of sweat amongst the sparse black hair on his chest from his efforts but that didn't slow him down, as from behind her raised arse, he placed his cock at the waiting entrance of Ai's love tunnel.
"Oh, Allah!" Fahad groaned as Ai reached back, gripped his hips, and thrust herself backwards. His hard 11 inches of meat with its swollen cockhead still wet from Ai's blowjob rammed into the welcoming wet cunt. He wanted to go slow and long, but his libido wanted fast: fast and hard.
"Aaaaahhhh" Ai gasped as he fucked her deep and quick, a loud slapping sound
every time his full nut sack swung against her upper hamstrings and a louder, fuller sound as his belly met her taut butt. A preliminary cum raced through Ai and she closed her eyes tight to enjoy the surges of her orgasm.
As the eighteen-year-old Pakistani student frantically pounded her from behind Ai was amazed at the amount of cock being buried in her slit. It was like nothing she had experienced before from Vietnamese men. Lowering her head and looking back between her legs she could see her two-inch pussy lip chain swaying, Fahad's bloated cum filled, swinging balls, his thrusting thighs and his long pistoning cock that was pleasuring her love channel.
The upper two of the three straight, thick veins which stood proud like railway tracks on it were rubbing against her clit driving her arousal out of control. She placed one hand on her belly and felt the head and shaft of the plunging erection inside her. She gave up the fight and came even stronger than before.
Then she settled down to business. She pleaded with Fahad to slow down, telling him not to cum too soon and gradually she got through to the sex-crazed, Pakistani. As he slowed Ai went to work with her cunt muscles squeezing the meat inside her fuck tube, slowing its speed. Then she sent rippling surges along his rod causing groans of pleasure to escape from Fahad. Finally, she had total control. Her muscles clamped her fuck tube tight ahead of the cock head slowly opening and making way as he forced his meat into her, then her muscle grip undulated along the shaft and back again before unleashing a flurry of contractions on its head. Relaxing her grip, she allowed his withdrawal before repeating the process over and over.
Fahad was moaning from the overload of sensations her cunt was causing him, and sweat was dripping from his chest onto her arse cheeks. "Ai, Oh Allah! Ai. You're making me cum! I'm going to cum!" Fahad gasped.
"Good!" Ai replied as she stopped moving.
"Fuck my cunt. Shoot your cum into my waiting pussy. DO IT! FUCK AND CUM!
SHOOT IT IN ME!"
Fahad's hips snapped his cock deep into Ai again and again. On the fifth deep, hard thrust, he spurted his first jet of cum.
"Ohhhhhh That's IT. CUM, CUM IN ME," Ai screamed, rolling and rocking her hips again as she felt the first hot splashes of jism in her cunt.
The amount that was poured into her was beyond anything she had ever received or even heard of from Asma's stories of their fucking. She had thought the Pakistani was exaggerating but it was real. It went on and on like a dam overflowing in a flood. Her third orgasm began and the uncontrolled grabbing and squeezing of her cunt muscles gave Fahad's spurting cock even more arousal. The stream of cum finally ended but then, with a growl like a wounded animal, Fahad unloaded again: the amount of cum only slightly smaller. His fourth was like a normal person's cum, before his next which could be considered smallish. Fahad shuddered through his sixth and his last seventh spurt of cum as he collapsed his sweat-covered body on Ai's back, overcome and drained. He pulled out his deflating cock and a huge cream pie oozed from her slit.
They lay together too exhausted and spent to speak, but ten minutes later as Ai's tongue and mouth sucked the last cum from his cock that she held in her hand she felt stirrings. She gasped in shock as the now familiar curved shape, swollen head and raised veins grew. He was ready for more and so was she as she climbed on him cowgirl style before she took him missionary style very gently, talking steadily in an almost hypnotising way, that seemed to sedate his fucking into a passive, slow progress in and out of her cunt. Each penetration and withdrawal took about a minute allowing Ai to pleasure the cock in her dripping wet sex channel with her muscles. They lay entwined on the cum soaked sheets. It was time.
"I will tell you the total truth. Today is like nothing I have experienced. There is an age difference, I am Vietnamese, and you are Pakistani, but we are soul mates and lovers. No Vietnamese man would accompany his woman to choose clothes with her. He would be at the coffee shop with other men. They are more interested in looking good themselves or looking at young Vietnamese at massage parlours, hairdressers, or shops than noticing what their wife wears. Do you know how horny it makes me when I am wearing sexy clothes that my man wants me to wear? How much I want that. How proud I was at the shopping centre?"
"Me too. Seeing you dressed like that from when I arrived at the house, then in the car, at the shopping mall, having men ogle you, men seeing me with you made me as hard as hell all the time. I was proud to be at the shops with you today, and the way you showed off, and men especially my Pakistani schoolmates saw us together," Fahad groaned back.
"Thank you for making an old lady happy. I have never felt like that before. It must have been very hard for you, especially as I am Vietnamese, not Pakistani."
"Oh no, I find Asian women very sexy, especially you."
She was starting her revenge, gradually reeling the Pakistani youth in like a fisherman with a prized barramundi on his line. "But your mother dresses in the same way now because I have shown her, and you probably prefer her because she is your nationality and has bigger tits and hips and a more attractive face. Compared to Pakistani women, especially your mother I am too thin, my tits are too tiny, and my arse isn't prominent. And your mother has such a thick huge patch of cunt hair, while I am shaved. I know you find her sexier than me and are more proud of her."
Fahad replied earnestly as her strong muscles continued to massage his cock inside her love channel, "No, you wear those clothes as though it is a natural thing for you, my mother wears them awkwardly in a forced way. For me, I prefer your firm tits over her hanging swaying boobs. I love your shaved cunt, with that gold chain and it makes me so horny. All those things and your taut body and more attractive face make you look years younger than her and at least three times better."
"Really," Ai cooed and fluttered her eyelashes as a soft orgasm seized her. She was so turned on to hear that the Asma's son preferred her to his mother, Asma: the woman Ai thought had let her down in their recent doubles sexfight against two Vietnamese, and who thought she had done well that day, better than Ai. "You have told me fucked your mother and she surely must have been better than me, lasted longer, given you more pleasure. Please tell me how I can improve by trying to emulate her."
Again, Fahad was shocked to hear this and reassured her. "No way is that remotely true. It was true I thought the first time with her was great, because that was my first time with a woman. But the next time and all the fucks after that we did the same thing. There was no progression, nothing new, and she took no notice of any ideas I had. It lasted for about two weeks and left me horny as it was my introduction, but not horny for her. In our first fuck we have done so much more. It has been so much better."
This time her orgasm on hearing these words was more noticeable, and her inner cunt tightly squeezed Fahad's cock multiple times. She lay back, Fahad's slowly twitching tool embedded in her and replied, "I see, that makes me so happy because I think the same as you do. Vietnamese men want it every day, but only for a few minutes before they cum; often cumming before they enter, and they have no interest in what a woman needs and wants. What have we done? We have fucked for hours in all different ways: me sucking you, doggy style, cowgirl, mutual masturbation, 69. And all the time we were receiving and giving mutual enjoyment."
She gave a low long groan as his cock's slow progress had reached her cervix and pushed at its minute entrance that could never receive a cock. "And what we are doing now is special. It is love-making, slow and special because we are bonding, uniting becoming one. Most fucks are physical only. The same as a rocket; quick and explosive but short-lived. Ours has emotion. It is combining our souls and our minds because you respect me as an intelligent woman who has worthwhile thoughts, increasing our physical lust. Those three things ensure that this need won't die, it will just get more intense over time. We will fuck longer, stronger, more often and with shared fantasies and goals. Not a short-lived rocket, but building a house brick by brick."
It was too complex for Fahad, but he thought something was needed. "Not building a house but the Great Wall of China."
She moaned her agreement. "Mmmmmmmm, See, we are hardly moving yet both are at maximum arousal as we transfer our minds, bodies and spirits from one to another, unite and become one. Few couples can do this, but we are now. Oh God, you are getting bigger. It's impossible."
Whether it was real or whether it was due to the Vietnamese herbal, magic mushroom derivative, enhanced water they had been hydrating themselves with during the marathon fuck session but to the two new lovers, it was real. When Fahad looked down, he saw Ai's cunt entrance gripping a cock far thicker than his normal girth. His cock felt swollen and twelve inches in length and as though the insides would burst free through its skin. He was so horny and close to cumming, and in his heightened intimacy and feelings with Ai, he knew she was the same.
He came, but again perhaps of the drugged water, perhaps his imagination it was not normal. No savage spurt after spurt, but a stream almost like he was pissing until it cut out. In his drug-heightened state, he was dimly aware that Ai was cumming flooding her cunt with her love cream. Her eyes rolled back as she wailed, "We are united, we are bonding, we can communicate fully as our cum mingles in my cunt. Keep your cock in me and seal our juices in it as we bind our mind, bodies and soul into one."
Fahad thrust as deep as he could, pressing against the tiny cervix entrance, forcing her velvety inner walls to mould to the shape of his fuck meat as he heard her grunts of acceptance. Then, "Oh Fahad, now we are like this you can understand me fully. We have no barriers between us. I want you to fuck my daughter Vy. But I want you and your cock to make her a sex-addicted slut that will do anything perverted and degrading. I know you can and will do it to make us closer."
Fahad's fuck meet, despite all it had gone through reacted and quivered as he moaned, "Of course, I will for us, but why? She is your daughter?'
"Why? Because she has accused me so many times of dressing inappropriately for my age, of looking like a slut. Do you believe that of me? She has criticised me as a woman and we must make her pay for that."
It was too much for Fahad. In his semi-drug-filled state, he fucked her like a rabbit, nailing his cock into her, machine-gunning her slit with his rampant piston of lust and desire. She drew her legs up around her neck to give him deeper access to the cum filled cavern behind her quim as she wailed and screamed her orgasms. As he shot load after load of his semen into her, Ai's body trembled and then stiffened from a massive orgasm. She collapsed sobbing, "A vision, I'm having a vision. I see the truth."
They lay entwined sapped of any energy. Ai tried to explain. "Because we are one now it all makes sense now. The intensity of our fuck has revealed it. You will make my daughter Vy a sex-addicted slut, then I will fuck with her, fuck my own daughter, beat her in a sex contest and take her sex strength and her youth from her and channel it to me. The greater slut you make her, the greater and stronger the powers I will take from her. Imagine making her willing to service ten or so of your friends such as we met at Highpoint any way they want, the insertions we will make her take, controlling her to participate in public exhibitionism, BDSM, animals, anything we can think of. Because you and your cock have made her a slut, you will be the conduit joining my daughter and me as I fuck her. You will be fucking me while I fuck her. Without that, I cannot take her sex powers and youth.
She lay back and mused. "I remember more, and it all fits. I must fuck my daughter Vy during her periods for the transfer to happen. In Vietnam, I was a lecturer in ancient Chinese history and know that after the first Emperor Qin Shi Huang gained power in 221BC from then on all Emperors sought immortality. The Ming dynasty Emperor, Jiajing had an elixir made which contained the menstrual blood of 300 concubines, later this grew to over 1000, to seek a longer life. And it was successful. He ruled for 47 years in the 1500s, the longest of any Emperor. It will work for me too."
Again, perhaps it was the drugged liquid, perhaps his excitement and arousal from what had occurred, perhaps the sheer deviant nature of what she had said, but Fahad said. " I have a sister. We can do the same with her. Surely the effect of two will be stronger than one."
Ai replied, "You mean Samreen. Isn't she estranged from your family? How could we?"
"Not, not Samreen. I have another older sister, Rubina. She is 22 and recently married to Shamsul Hossain, a Shia Imam of the western suburbs, Maidstone Mosque. He has the full Muslim allowance of four wives, even though polygamy in Australia is illegal being bigamy under section 94 of the Marriage Act. He circumvents the law by forming a union in a religious ceremony that is not state-sanctioned but is accepted within the Muslim community as a marriage. She is very devout, so if I turn her into a slut the effect for you would surely be great."
He saw the excitement in her eyes and somehow his voice kept going on its own accord. "And if you wish I can try to do the same with my mother."
A long low keening issued from Ai in response. Her revenge would be complete, plus she would have this young, huge cock with its prodigious and prolific cum output as a side benefit for her retribution on Asma. Something she had not even remotely thought of when Fahad had arrived that day. But she couldn't stop. "It's so wrong to think this but I want to sexfight and beat your mother while you watch and then have you fuck me in front of her. I know I can't ask that of you. It is too much to ask of any son."
She came in a screaming, body-jerking orgasm as she felt Fahad's cock quiver into hardness: his affirmative answer.
They had timed it right. Fifteen minutes later the front door opened, and Ai's daughter Vy entered. The year 12, 18-year-old Vietnamese was dressed in her summer school uniform. As Fahad had expected her long shapeless blue checked outfit hung loosely on her thin body and reached mid-calf. Long white socks were pulled up to her knee well past the hemline. Unlike most of the other Vietnamese students, her plain, bespectacled round face with its short brutal hairstyle was unadorned by any makeup or false eyelashes. It broke into a smile upon seeing Fahad revealing her large overbite. A beauty she was not.
"Fahad, you are here. Have you been here long?"
Her mother Ai replied, "Fahad just arrived 5 minutes ago," conveniently forgetting her and Fahad's just completed all afternoon sex and bonding session.
Fahad expanded, "Yes, I had forgotten you had extra classes today and was about to come here as normal, but luckily your mum messaged me just before I was about to leave so I just arrived here before you. It gave me just enough time to tell your mum about going to your school's end-of-year Prom as your partner. She was very happy to hear that news."
"Yes," said Ai smiling knowingly at Fahad. "Vy, I am glad you have someone that I can trust in every way. Now sit and I will make you both some cà phê đá."
As Vy opened her backpack and arranged her school books on the table looking for her Maths work, Ai stood behind Vy's back in the food preparation area, facing Fahad. She smiled at him and raised her short dress, parted her thong and played with her slit. She shuddered silently as she came, then withdrew her fingers, examined the sticky remains on her fingers of Fahad's most recent coupling that day mixed with her recent cum and then swallowed it. Fahad felt his cock rising again, then watched as she used her finger to search her slit for more and then stir it into Vy's coffee.
Sitting at Vy's study desk ten minutes later, for the first time since starting his tutoring of Vy, Fahad noticed the naive, innocent student was not concentrating 100% on the Mathematics he was explaining. Suddenly she shut her textbook. "I am so happy about the formal. I was worried you only said "yes" because my mum had made your mum make you accept out of pity, but you told mum. She didn't know beforehand. I am so excited and proud to be going and you are the one I prayed would take me."
"Me too. I have been wanting to not only tutor you, but ask you out for coffee for ages, but I was scared you would say no. "
"You silly boy. You must have known I have never had a boyfriend and wanted you as my first boyfriend ever since you started tutoring me. This will be my first date. The other Vietnamese at school bully me because I haven't had a boyfriend," she said, "I bet you have had so many girlfriends and many, many dates."
"No, you are my first. It makes it special for both of us," Fahad replied. He told the truth. He had never had a girlfriend. What he did not say was that before this he would even have gone out with a mutilated cripple just to have his first date and that he had now fucked both his mother and hers.
A huge smile spread across Vy's face. "We think the same then and that is special. You are not like Vietnamese boys. They just want to take a girl out and have,' she blushed bright red, 'inter.... intercourse with her, boast to their friends, and then get another girl. And the girls are the same. They have competitions for most boys. I am not like that. I want one man and I would do anything for him." "Anything, she said slowly." She hesitated then plucked up her courage. " I shouldn't show you, but I trust you so look at this."
She paused as though making a momentous decision then clicked on Viber, the social app of choice for Vietnamese. Vy showed him various Vietnamese contacts from her girls-only school, boasting of new conquests. Then she took a deep breath and showed him messages sent to her titled "loser" or "virgin" or something derogatory. Photo after photo of individual Vietnamese girls wearing the same school uniform as Vy did holding cocks: a girl with photo after photo of different cocks or different girls with the same identifiable cock. Finally, she shuddered and clicked on one message titled, "To the frigid ice queen". A particularly attractive student in that slutty Vietnamese way (you know yellow streaked hair, heavy makeup, extreme lashes, botox-injected lips) was measuring a cock. The tape showed seven and a half inches.
"That is Cam. She bullies me the most and is the leader of the girls, and she always wins the most boyfriends in the term competition. She is just a slut.''
Fahad smiled inwardly knowing that Vy's mother Ai wanted, no she demanded, his help in turning Vy into a complete slut. Their personal slut was to be her punishment for Vy's disparaging comments about how Ai dressed inappropriately for her age. Then he noticed that Vy had not clicked to a new message and that her eyes had dilated, and her breathing had become shallow and rapid. She fantasises about big cock he thought.
"What do you mean by boyfriends, just going out?"
Vy reddened. "No, I mean she does it with them. You know she goes all the way. And it means nothing. It is just quick with no meaning, and then she finds another. All the girls are the same. Same with the boys. All they want is just to ejaculate and have another girl added to their total." Carried away she continued, "I don't want that. If I had a man, I would be very jealous, only him, and do it long time every way......" Her voice tailed off in embarrassment.
Fahad covered up her embarrassment by pretending not to notice what she had said and instead said, "Well, anyway at least at the Formal Prom these girls will see you with someone, even if it is just me, and this Can person will see that I am proud of you especially if you dress better than her. They can't bully you then."
"That b bi bitch's," Vy struggled to say the word as she was so unused to speaking that way, name is Cam not Can, and what do you mean dress better? That bitch will dress like a slut at the prom. The boys will do a secret vote for the best-looking slut. Everyone thinks she will win. Do you mean I will be more elegant and refined?"
There comes a time when a person has to roll the dice. Something in the tone of her voice, combined with what she had said before, and her fixation on the cock photo caused Fahad to say, "No, I mean more sexily and slutty than this Cam."
Vy clutched his arm. It was the first time she had ever physically touched him. "Oh my God. You want me to dress sluttier than her," She hesitated, then said proudly "more like a slut than the other Vietnamese girls. No boy has ever thought I could be sexy. They call me ugly. Even my mum thinks that. Do you think I can do that? Oh God, what should I wear? Do you think something like mum wears? Is that too much."
Fahad had guessed right. "If you wore something like your mum it would be just right. Just right for a formal funeral, not for being better than Cam at the Prom."
Mathematics forgotten Vy clutched his arm tight and nuzzled her head into his shoulder. Her fingers whisked over the keyboard and brought up the "prettylittlething" website and she quizzed Fahad over what he liked.
The next day was very hot and Ai interrupted Vy and Fahad's studying to insist that they take a break and cool off in the backyard pool. Fahad protested he had no bathers, but Ai said to use his underpants and that she would dry them off after the swim in the drier while he showered. Ai's daughter Vy disappeared upstairs to change. When she reappeared, Fahad was already in the pool, and he took in his first real vision of Vy's body, as up till then he had always seen her in her long shapeless school uniform or a baggy tracksuit.
She wore a black bathing suit which, similarly to those worn by Vietnamese women over 50, had a short, frilled skirt covering her pussy. What it did show was although she was slim, no, make that almost skinny, she had very long legs. Most Asians have longer torso to short leg proportions than other races due to their shorter femurs, but Vy had longer than normal Asian legs. She had very small but firm tits. When she jumped in the water and her costume was wet and clung to her body Fahad could see the shape of one-inch wide and high puffy nipples with thick hard nipples extending from this base. Fahad felt his cock begin to stir.
Ai entered the pool, and her pale micro lemon bikini was turned semi-transparent by the water revealing all that Fahad had feasted on in her bedroom the day before. As Vy swam some slow laps Ai stood at the shallow end and, as Fahad watched, allowed her pussy lip chain to dangle from the bottom of her bikini. Underwater she reached out and felt Fahad's cock. She was momentarily surprised to find it semi-hard but put it down to seeing her and then stroked Fahad to his 11-inch hardness. Let her see," she whispered before exiting the pool to get the clothes drier ready for Fahad.
Fahad and Vy finished up their time in the pool and he exited the pool first and walked the five paces to his towel. At first, his eleven inches of man meat forced his briefs out but then it burst free over the waistband and quivered erect and free. He reached for the towel, quickly wrapped it around himself and headed for the downstairs shower. His peripheral vision had caught sight of Vy's jaw dropping, and her eyes locked on his five steps from the pool towards the towel.
Four days later the two met at the local bus interchange as they attended different schools and the timetables often clashed. At first, Fahad did not recognise Vy. Her brutal short hairstyle was now pixie feathered with an orangey yellow strip that fell over one eye. The eyes behind her glasses were framed by heavily mascaraed eyelashes, highlighted with eyeliner and were above a fully made-up face. She had the optional school winter uniform on. This was a dark blue checked Japanese school style, pleated dress topped with a white shirt, school tie and jumper. The skirt ended approximately two inches below her slit: a feat achieved by the Japanese school girl trick of doubling over the skirt waistband, lifting it and using a waist belt.
She smiled and pirouetted before the Pakistani and he saw the flash of her panties. Well, not panties but a thong. "Does my man approve? I was pulled up and checked two times at school today, but it was okay because at school I have it just barely legal at four inches longer than now, and I got warned about my eyelashes. Too long, too much mascara. And yes, I pinched mum's thongs. She has so many she will not know I've taken five. You should have seen that bitch Cam's face when she saw me. Are you proud? Let's go to Highpoint Shopping Centre to look for Prom dress ideas."
Fahad gushed his approval and the germ of an idea started. Although very unlikely, what if Vy turned out to be as good a fuck as her mum. Maybe he could orchestrate sexfights between the two for them to determine who was best. Of course, he would somehow have to have both individually thinking he had arranged the fight for that person to win. It would involve each of them, unknown to the other, knowing and agreeing to him fucking the other so that it would get the contest happening. Each would think he wanted them to win and that by letting him fuck the other and pretend to support that one to encourage them to fight.
Difficult, almost impossible, but something to think of because it looked like Vy wanted her man proud of her and he remembered her words, "Anything for my man." His cock stirred as Vy took his hand before they boarded the bus. After what had occurred with Ai and their fucking and planning, most people would be content. But he was a Pakistani, where deceit and doublecrossing were the normal way of life. He remembered when he was younger being cheated at the market in Peshawar and swearing at the young vendor calling him a thief, cheater, scum and untrustworthy. The father of the youth had told Fahad to stop as the praise would go to the boy's head and spoil him.
At the large Highpoint Shopping Centre, Melbourne's second best after Chadstone, Vy had quickly found the shoes she wanted; seven-inch heels with two-inch platforms, but she couldn't select the colour until she found her dress. They had visited all the boutiques specializing in nightclub dresses, but Vy was still unsatisfied. "Need sluttier than what Cam will have," she kept muttering as she dismissed the minuscule offerings of fabric she tried on and powered from shop to shop without success.
It was Fahad who provided the solution. He handed her his phone and said, "What about something like this?"
Vy's eyes widened in appreciation as she took in the vision of the images of Chrissie Tiegen's 2016 American Music Award (AMA) shaved cunt showing wardrobe malfunction. The articles called it a malfunction, but I saw it as planned exhibitionism by the Thai/Swedish, ex-swimsuit model, now a TV celebrity. The black, backless, long gown had two very wide side splits which reached from 6 inches below her armpits to her ankles. The two side slits were secured by large safety pins 4 inches above her belly button. The dress, for want of a better word, flaunted her shaved pussy as she walked. A quick google search will show what Fahad was presenting to Vy, and you can decide for yourself if it was an accident. Chrissie Tiegen had previous form for this, as was shown by another uncovered pussy garment she had worn to a Barack Obama White House dinner accompanied by her black husband, singer John Legend.
A change of plan took them to Spotlight Fabrics where she selected a soft, sheer, red material instead and assured Fahad that she could get a Vietnamese seamstress to copy Chrissie Tiegen's dress. In her mind, she mentally widened the gap in both slits from the three inches at her pussy and twelve inches at her ankles. The red would celebrate the happiness and celebration of showing Cam and her followers that she was better than them.
Fahad was astonished that Vy would do this wondering how the school prom would allow something like what Vy would be wearing, but she informed him this was a privately organised end-of-year Formal event and more popular than the school official one. She rambled on "Of course, I will need to shave my pussy when I wear it. Cam boasts she has had her pussy hair laser removed. Which is the best way? Did you know mom has a bald cunt?"
His Pakistani heritage rushed to the fore and he threw Ai under the bus. He denied any knowledge of what was involved in keeping pussies bare of hair, he especially denied any knowledge of her mother except to say "that if she did then it was inappropriate at her age." He went further saying, "I would not be surprised if she did because I have noticed that she did seem to dress in a rather sluttish and revealing way for age. What looks good on you, like you are dressed now is not for her."
Vy purred her agreement, listing and running through her mother's faults and saying how she had told her mom this which made her angry and upset with Vy which was unfair because it was the truth.
Fahad felt his cock rising. There was resentment. He was in a win-win situation. Either he would experience Ai's plan of continual fucking him and turning Vy into a total slut, and in the plain light of daylight, the insane rubbish she had spoken of transferring Vy's youth and sex drive to Ai, or he might be able to orchestrate a sexfight between the two. A thought struck him just like the Taco ad on TV. Why not both? Then he thought of seducing and fucking his sister and mother and became even more confused, but hornier.