"Harshita beti," Kalpana Aunty called knocking on the door.
Harshita woke up and realized she was butt naked. She quickly slipped on her T-shirt and pyjamas and opened the door.
Kalpana Aunty came inside her house. It was quite normal for Kalpana Aunty to come inside without an invitation. But, today Harshita was afraid. "Had Manoj Bhaiya told on her?" Harshita thought to herself. If so, she can always blame it on the heat and she unknowingly stripped naked in her sleep.
Kalpana Aunty sat in the chair and said, "My knee." She continued, "It was getting late for breakfast and Navin had gone to play with his friends."
Harishita has been having all her meals with Kalpana Aunty since her parents left. Kalpana Aunty refused money for the meals. She told Harshita's parents, "Harshita is like my daughter and I would be glad to take care of her." Deep down, Kalpana Aunty wanted Harshita to marry her only son. But, she has never revealed this to anyone.
Kalpana Aunty gave Harshita the parathas she had packed. Harshita accepted it telling, "Aunty, why are you coming upstairs? I would have gladly come downstairs. Please call me on my cellphone and I will come running." She was also relieved that Manoj Bhaiya had not told her.
Kalpana Aunty wiped the sweat drops from the forehead and told, "How do you sleep like this? It is so hot in here. Why don't you pop the windows open?" Harshita smiled to herself thinking, "You could have come a few hours early to have seen the windows wide open."
Kalpana Aunty said, "I have packed parathas for me too dear. Why don't you freshen up while I prepare a chai for both of us." Harshita grabbed the packet of milk and she become wet instantly. She gave the milk packet to Aunty and rushed to the washroom.
Harshita quickly freshened up, took a shower and came back. Aunty was waiting for her with two cups of chai laid on the table along with the parathas she had brought.
Harshita gobbled up the parathas. She was tired having jerked off so many times the last night. Aunty was talking something about Navin while Harshita wondered, "What will Aunty do if she caught her naked." Her pussy instantly grew wet at the thought.
-----------
The same routine continued for a week. Harshita acted as she slept in multiple positions: sideways, one leg curled, two legs curled, facing up, facing down. Every day, the routine was similar. Manoj Bhaiya's footsteps approach her windows, stay there for a few minutes, groans, goes to the washroom, delivers their milk, stays near the window for a few more minutes, and then leaves.
A week later, Harshita was lying on the side with one leg curled up waiting for Manoj Bhaiya. His footsteps approached the window like clockwork. She heard the distinct sound of him jerking off. Harshita could hear him groan, and she suddenly felt a warm glob hit her leg. She instinctively woke up and touched her leg.
She saw her hand coated with a warm, slimy, and sticky fluid. Manoj Bhaiya had his eyes closed. He was jerking his penis. Another stream of cum landed on the bedsheet. She was wondering how far he could shoot his cum. He opened his eyes and saw her sitting on the bed. She looked at her hand coated with his jizz. He could see a streak of cum on her leg.
Manoj Bhaiya saw Harshita looking at him. He instantly felt ashamed. He tucked his penis in his pants. He quickly delivered the milk to the remaining house. That day, he didn't care to visit the washroom to clean himself. He did not intend to be caught jizzing on a 20-year-old. He felt ashamed. He ran from the building cursing himself for jerking off on a naked 20-year-old girl who could very well be his daughter's age.
Harshita was kind of disgusted and aroused at the same time. She has never seen a man's cum before. She instinctively brought her fingers to her nose and took a whiff of it. The smell was distinct - a bleachy smell. She wanted to taste it. She took the warm gooey cum from her legs. She licked it with the tip of her tongue. The taste hit her. She found it a bit off.
But the thought of playing with another man's cum was so taboo, she instinctively took her other finger to her pussy and jerked off. She imagined her taking Manoj Bhaiya's penis in her mouth and giving him pleasure. She wondered how his penis would smell and taste. She climaxed with the thought of Manoj Bhaiya climaxing in her mouth. She closed the window and slept.
------------
The next day, Manoj Bhaiya arrived half an hour early. He prioritized coming to Harishita's building first. His hands trembled at the thought, "What if she stayed awake to confront him?" He climbed the stairs with the milk packets in hand. He wanted to get it over with as soon as possible.
He felt relieved when he saw Harshita's windows closed. It hit him immediately, "What if she unknowingly stripped off in the night and he was offended by his lecherous action?" He was close to tears, but he motored on. He wants to deliver the milk and run away.
When he put the milk packet in Harshita's house, the door opened. Harshita stood looking at him. She was fully clothed. Manoj Bhaiya couldn't move his legs. He stood at one spot. He fell on her feet and cried. He asked for her forgiveness.
Harshita felt bad that she has hurt an innocent man. She thought of warning him off and closing off this exhibitionist desire in her. But seeing a fully grown man cry, she was moved. She told him, "Please get up." Manoj Bhaiya was surprised at her calm demeanour and stood up.
She asked him, "Do you like to watch me naked?"
He hung his head down and sobbed.
She asked him again, "I know you had jerked off on me yesterday. So, let me ask again. Do you like to watch me naked?"
He nodded yes, looking scared.
She continued her questions, "What do you like?"
He looked perplexed. She clarified, "What do you like in my naked body?"
He replied, "Sorry, I haven't seen a naked female form in the last 10 years since my wife passed away. When I see you naked, I get excited. You are the most beautiful girl I have seen."
She asked, "Do you want to watch me naked going forward?"
He couldn't believe he was hearing it from her. He nodded yes.
She said, "Two conditions. You are not supposed to touch me without my permission."
He nodded and said, "I will never do anything against your wish. What is the second condition?"
She replied, "If I decide to stop, you are not supposed to pursue me in any way."
He said, "I am glad I get to see you. That is more than enough for me. I will not disturb you if you stop it even today."
With a swift motion, Harshita removed her tops. Her perky dark nipples stood erect against her caramel skin. She squeezed her nipples and asked Manoj Bhaiya, "How do you like it?"
He mumbled, "Heavenly." His breathing intensified.
She dropped her pyjamas revealing her naked pussy. "How do I look?" she asked.
"An angel dropped from heaven," he replied, breathing ragged.
"Tell me. What do you want to do to me?" she asked with her fingers running through her bush teasing her pussy lips.
"I want to bury my face in your pussy," he replied with his hands grabbing his crotch.
"No touching," she commanded. She liked the control she exerted on him. He obeyed.
She took her fingers to her nose and inhaled her pussy smell. "You want to know how I smell?" she asked. He nodded like a man possessed. She ran her fingers through her pussy lips again and brought them to his nose. He inhaled deep closing his eyes. This is the first pussy he had smelled in over a decade.
She asked him, "Do you like how I smell?"
"Yes, I love it," he replied.
"What more do you want?" she asked.
"I want to open your legs and kiss your pussy," he said.
She has never been kissed on her lips, let alone kiss in her pussy. Her pussy leaked at the thought. He could smell her arousal and her pussy got swollen in arousal.
She turned and walked to the bedroom swaying her hips seductively. He was still seated on the chair with a massive boner tenting his pants. Her caramel-coloured skin shone against the dim light of the bedroom. She bent down to pick something from the floor revealing the darker skin around her asshole. He wanted to kiss her asshole and make love to her, but he did not want to screw this opportunity up. He waited.
She turned around and looked at his eyes fixated on her ass.
"Ok. One kiss," she said and invited him to come inside the bedroom with her finger. She turned around and sat on the bed with her legs spread wide.
Manoj Bhaiya needed no more invitations. He darted into the bedroom. He slowly approached her pussy and planted a soft kiss on her pussy lips. He did not want to break the one-kiss rule and did not stop the kiss. He licked her pussy from the bottom to the top. She moaned loud.
He withdrew his lips and waited for her command. She said, "Do not stop." Eagerly, he dove into her pussy. Her virgin pussy was leaking fluids like never before. His lips and chin were coated with her slippery fluids. As he licked her pussy lips and kissed her clitoris, she slowly approached her point of no return. She buckled her legs around his face and shuddered as a massive orgasm hit her.
Harshita pulled Manoj Bhaiya and kissed him on the lips. A strong smell of her pussy hit her. She did not mind. Her first kiss on the lips of a man who gave her first oral sex. She loved the feeling of being kissed.
Manoj Bhaiya had an urgency in his kiss. His erection pressed into her pussy as he hugged her. If he was naked, he would have slid inside her.
She wondered what it would feel like. She had only fantasised about the scenario. But, having his erection pressing into her separated by his pants felt so real. Her heart raced and her pussy leaked at the thought. She was seconds away from pushing his pants down and having him push into her. Her mind was in a dilemma considering, "Should I fuck him?"
While it was very tempting, she didn't want to lose her virginity at this point. She wondered if it was because apart from the exhibitionism, did she want Manoj Bhaiya to be her first?
But, she did not want to hang him dry. She stopped the kiss and told Manoj Bhaiya, "Now, stand up." Manoj Bhaiya stood up worried that he had pushed far. She commanded, "Why are you still dressed?"
Manoj Bhaiya stripped off in a few seconds. His penis stood at full mast. She looked at the first penis she had seen in her life. Last night, she only had a glimpse in the faint light of the daybreak. Today, his erection was inches away from her. The fact that today there was no window grill separating them made it more real. Her heart fluttered.
She grabbed his penis. She pulled the foreskin revealing his pink bulbous head with a slit. His strong manly musk flooded her nostrils. She squeezed his dick and he groaned. He leaked precum. She touched the tip with her fingers. The slippery precum coated her fingers.
Harshita played with the precum and told, "This is weird." She touched his scrotum and told, "It is like an old man's cheek only softer. And, colder." She had studied it all in Biology, but the first time in real life was interesting. She squeezed to extract another blob of precum and licked it from the tip of his penis. Manoj Bhaiya groaned. He had not been kissed down there for more than a decade. She tasted the precum and told, "Salty!"
Manoj Bhaiya smiled at the innocence of the virgin girl exploring a man for the first time. For him, being celibate for over a decade, he wanted to open her legs and plunge his dick inside her. But, he did not want to push her.
Harshita was enamoured by the first dick she has ever touched, kissed and tasted. She held his balls with one hand and wrapped his penis with her lips. She could taste his salty precum. Manoj Bhaiya was in heaven.
She used her tongue to explore the head of his penis. Manoj Bhaiya was close to the point of no return. He told her, "Ji, I am going to cum."
She laughed at him addressing her 'ji' with respect given she was sucking his cock. He asked her, "Ji, why are you laughing?"
She took his penis out of her mouth and replied, "Good that you address women with respect especially when your dick is in their mouth." He laughed at her. She asked him, "Where do you want to cum?"
Manoj Bhaiya said, "Anywhere you like ji".
"Ji again!" Harshita smiled and took his penis back in her mouth. She started jerking him and he groaned in no time filling her mouth with his warm cum. Stream after stream of cum poured from his penis filling her mouth. She could no longer hold cum in her mouth and it dripped on her boobs. It looked like a porn movie.
Manoj Bhaiya was spent standing up. He sat down naked on the floor in front of her to catch his breath. More cum dripped from her mouth to her boobs and stomach. She asked him to kiss her and Manoj Bhaiya obeyed. He kissed her cum covered lips passionately.
She asked him to leave since it was already 5:30 AM. Neighbours will wake up soon. He got dressed to leave. He asked, "Will we do this again?"
She replied, "If you spot me naked via my bedroom window and the main door is open, feel free to come inside. But what we do is on my rules, please remember. Also, come by 5 AM, not 5:30 AM"
Manoj Bhaiya nodded. It is the best thing that has happened to him in a while. So, he didn't want to screw this up. He dressed up, kissed her and left.
Before he left, she said, "I enjoyed it!"
He nodded and said, "Ji, You have no idea how much I liked it," and left.
-------