One man having sex with four, sexy women on the eve of her wedding, the bride, the maid of honor, and the two bridesmaids, what are the odds of him getting lucky. I'd say pretty good.
Continued from Chapter 01:
In the way that he did last night, he scooped her up in his arms and carried her to her bedroom and gently put her on her bed as if she was someone so delicate and breakable. Ready to have sex with her, he kissed her while slowly and lovingly undressing her. Ready to have sex with her, he touched and felt her through her clothes where only he was allowed to touch and feel her through her clothes.
"Wait. Stop," she said in the same way she did the night before. "No. Don't."
He looked at her confused.
"What? What's wrong? I got down on one knee and proposed. I gave you flowers, candy, and a diamond ring. I asked you to marry me and you accepted," said Brian with a nervous laugh. "Now what?"
She gave him a look as if he was kidding.
"Now what? Duh?" She looked at him as if he was kidding. "We've talked about this day endlessly while looking through Bride's magazine together and while watching the Bachelor and Bachelorette on television. It's April and I want a June wedding. With you procrastinating until now, we only have two months to arrange everything," she said.
He looked at her as if he didn't understand her panic.
"What's the rush, Kelly? Couldn't we get married in October, December, or even early next year? We could get married next Valentine's Day. How's that? There's nothing more romantic than getting married on Valentine's Day," he said.
She made another face.
"I'm not waiting any longer to get married. I want to get married now," she said.
He shrugged.
"Okay, what do we need to do to make this happen," he asked?
She counted on her fingers as if she was checking off boxes.
"I need to buy a wedding dress. We need a church and to rent a hall. We need to make our guest list, hire a printer for the invitations, and mail the invitations. We need to hire a florist, a photographer, a videographer, a band, and a caterer," she said. "We need to do a lot in such a small amount of time." She looked at him with panic. "We have so much to do in such a small amount of time."
Brian sighed and looked at her before looking down at her stomach.
"Wait. You're not pregnant, are you?"
Kelly made a face.
"Pregnant. Don't' be silly. No, I'm not pregnant," she said flattening her clothes against her toned waistline. "Do I look pregnant to you?"
He laughed.
"No, if you look anything, you look sexy," he said feeling her breasts through her blouse and bra. "I still don't understand the rush."
She tried to reason with him to make him understand.
"We could wait to get married, of course, but I don't want to get married in October or December. I want to get married in June and I don't want to wait until next June to get married." Having thought about this before and mapped it all out in her mind, a woman on a mission to get married, she was a woman with a plan. "I want to be pregnant by July to have our baby in April," she said.
He looked at her as if having second thoughts.
"Obviously, you've been thinking of this for a long time," he said.
She laughed.
"I have and I've already hired a wedding planner months ago," said Kelly with a laugh. "Everything is already arranged and in place but for the groom and now that you proposed, I can go ahead with the wedding," she said laughing.
He made a face.
"Good thing that I proposed otherwise you'd have to go ahead without me," he said with a laugh.
Chapter 02:
Except for having sex with Kelly's mother and her new mother-in-law, the bridesman, Michael, has some sexy fun with the entire bridal party, the bride, her two bridesmaids, and with the maid of honor on the night before her wedding. Who knows, had the bride's mother and mother-in-law been there, perhaps, they would have join in on the naked fun, too. Yet, Michael already had enough to see while ogling four, naked women.
When people think of a wedding party, they think of the bride, the groom, the maid of honor, the best man, the bridesmaids, and the ushers. The groom's party is made up of only men, the groom, his best man, the ushers, and the ring bearer. Different from a wedding party, that's made up of women and men, and different from the groom's party that's made up of only men, a bridal party is made of only women.
The bridal party is the bride, her maid of honor, the bridesmaids, and the flower girl. The mother and mother-in-law of the bride may be included in the bridal party as well. Fortunately, the mother and mother-in-law of the bride weren't included as, no doubt, Michael may have had sex or not with them too. Or, perhaps, they may have had lesbian sex with one another.
Yet, with Kelly having a non-traditional wedding, instead of Michael being a groomsman, he was a bridesman. No one blinked an eye at Michael taking the traditional place of a bridesmaid in his non-tradition role as a bridesman. He was Kelly's childhood friend and her very best friend. Besides, until the evening before the wedding, everyone assumed that Michael was gay. No one suspected that he wasn't gay. Yet, by the size of his erection when in bed and having sex with Kelly, he wasn't gay. If he was anything, he was a horny, straight man who was sexually attracted to the bride.
Now, unless the bride is a whore, a prostitute, a porn star, a swinger, or a woman who had been married several times before, we think of a bride dressed in white as pure, innocent, and virginal. We'd never actually think of a bride and the bride's bridal party having a drunken orgy of heterosexual and lesbian sex on the eve of her wedding, especially with only one man in attendance, the bridesman. Women aren't like that, or are they? Women aren't whores in the way that men are whoremongers, or are they?
Usually all about men and all that sexually happens at their bachelor's parties, uniquely different, this story is about the females of the bridal party who sexually partied with Michael, the bridesman. Michael begged off the bachelor party invitation to sleep over the bride's house, his best friend, Kelly. While the groom was undoubtedly having hot sex with strippers and prostitutes, unable to sleep and with everyone nervous about the wedding tomorrow, Michael was having hot sex with the bride. Kelly's sister, Bonnie, the maid of honor was having lesbian sex with the bridesmaids Diane and Megan, Kelly's best, childhood friends.
* * * * *
Starting her wedding celebration a little early, having already consumed two glasses of wine, Kelly was already a little tipsy. Nervous about her wedding, she hoped the wine would calm her nerves. With her a petite woman, a size 4, who was unable to hold her liquor, it only took one glass of wine for her to feel good and relaxed. Quickly drinking her first glass of wine on an empty stomach to calm her nerves and, hopefully, help her to sleep, she poured herself a second glass of wine. After consuming two glasses of wine, already feeling high, especially if she dared to have a third glass, she'd be drunk.
Looking for and finding courage in the bottom of her empty wine glass, she was ready to do something she'd never do if she wasn't a little drunk. As shocking as it was sexually inappropriate and sexually forbidden, she was thinking about not only flashing her best, childhood friend, her bridesman, but also, she was thinking about sexually seducing him on the eve of her wedding day. If her fiancé could have sex with strippers and prostitutes at his bachelor's party, why couldn't she flash and have sex with her best friend, Michael? Only, he was gay.
Unable to sleep, she was so horny and so very sexually frustrated. Unable to sleep, tossing and turning while staring at her bedroom ceiling with her eyes wide open, she listened to her ticking alarm clock. It was so annoyingly loud. The ticking was so intrusive. Normally, not even hearing it, but tonight, she couldn't sleep with all the racket her alarm clock was making.
'Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick...'
Every second that ticked by brought her that much closer to her wedding and to being married to Brian. Nervous about her wedding and too excited about her being married tomorrow to sleep, Kelly climbed out of bed. Adding to her nerves, sexually frustrated, she was hornier than she was tired. She needed to get laid. To take her mind off of the impending wedding, she needed a big, hard cock in her hand, in her mouth, and/or in her pussy.
She couldn't wait for her honeymoon. She couldn't wait to get laid. She couldn't wait to spend a week in a tropical paradise while stroking, sucking, and fucking her new husband while he licked, fingered, and made love to his new wife before fucking her hard and fast. She couldn't wait to have sex.
With all of the things that her fiancé, Brian, had to do, and all of the arrangements that she had to make prior to their wedding, Kelly hadn't seen her fiancé in more than a week. With them having sex like clockwork every week, sometimes multiple times a week, more than a week without sex was too long of a time for Kelly to go without having sex. If he was here with her now, she'd sexually attack him. If he was here with her now, she'd have sex with him as if she was already on her honeymoon.
Only, he wasn't here. He was doing only God knows what at his bachelor's party. Instead she was surrounded by women, Bonnie, Megan, and Diane, and her gay, childhood, best friend, Michael. With her alone in her room with her bad self, none of them could help her with her horniness and her sexual frustration. Now, she wished she had allowed her friends to give her a bachelorette party with male strippers shoving their naked pricks in her hand and in her mouth.
* * * * *
Not bothering to put on her bathrobe, something she always wore to preserve her modesty, even when walking around her own house alone, she looked at herself in the mirror. As if she was already on her honeymoon, she was wearing one of her sexiest nightgowns that she bought expressly for her newly married husband. With her alone, lonely, and feeling so vulnerably exposed, she suddenly felt like Ms. Miss Havisham in Charles Dickens book, Great Expectations.
Instead of dressed in her wedding dress as Miss Havisham was after being stood up at the altar, Kelly was dressed in her nightgown on the eve of her wedding. Her nightgown was so beautiful. It was so sexy. It was so revealing. Not only couldn't she wait to wear it for Brian but also, she couldn't wait to show Brian what she looked like wearing it. She couldn't wait to wear it for him to strip it off of her. Too sexually excited to wait, she wore to bed it tonight to celebrate the eve of her wedding.
Short, sheer, and low-cut, while leaving nothing to the imagination, the nightgown showed everything. Something that a stripper would wear on stage, backstage in her dressing room, or in the VIP lounge while having sex with paying customers, Kelly couldn't make a move without showing her naked ass, her naked tits, and/or her naked pussy. Then, when she stood by the bright light of her lamp, and with her not wearing anything under the thin and nearly see-through material, she could see every sexy part of her shapely and sexy body as if she was naked.
"I love this nightgown," she said for no one to hear. "It's so sexy," while staring at herself in the mirror.
As if her hands were Brian's hands or Michael's hands, she slowly slid her hands all over her nearly naked, nightgown clad body while continuing to stare at herself in her mirror. She couldn't wait for her fiancé or for Michael to see her in this nightgown. She couldn't wait to make Brian and/or Michael him sexually excited enough to have an erection.
Horny enough to allow both men to have their wicked sexual way with her naked body, she couldn't wait for Brian of for Michael to touch, feel, and fondle her everywhere she was touching and feeling herself through this sexy nightgown now. She couldn't wait for either man to kiss her, French kiss her. She couldn't wait for Brian or for Michael to remove her nightgown from her naked body. She couldn't wait for either one of them or both of them to make love to her before fucking her. She couldn't wait to suck their cocks after they licked and fingered her pussy.
"I'm so horny. I can't wait for our honeymoon. I can't wait to have sex," she said to herself in her mirror. "It's been so long since I got laid, too long."
Having only slept for a few hours, nonetheless, wide awake now with the excitement of her impending wedding, she brushed her hair before reapplying her makeup. As if she was a man ogling her through her sexy nightgown, she imagined Brian ogling her nearly naked body. She imagined Michael ogling her nearly naked body. She turned from side to side in the mirror to see all that she could see of herself and all that she was exposing of herself to anyone who was looking. Only, alone in her room, there was no one to show her sexy nightgown and flash her nearly naked body.
Proud of her modest, albeit perfectly shaped, B cup breasts, she stared at the impressions her already erect nipples made in her nightgown. She stared at the dark shadow her trimmed pubic hair made in the sheer material. She turned one way before turning the other way to see what she could see of her shapely ass through her nightgown. She stared at her nearly naked body as if she was being ogled by a man. She wished Brian was here with her now to make love to her.
Definitely, if Brian or any man, and, dare to say, even some women, saw her in this nightgown, in the way that she sexily looked, she'd make them horny. She'd make them sexually excited enough for them to want her. She'd make them horny enough for them to want to touch her, feel her, grope her, and fondle her through her sexy nightgown while kissing her. Even though she was almost a married woman, she'd make whoever saw her wearing this nightgown sexually aroused enough for them to want to have sex with her.
"How hot would that be to have sex with someone other than Brian before my wedding? How sexually inappropriate and sexually forbidden to have sex with another man on the eve of my wedding? It's a good thing I'm alone. It's a good thing I'm not tempted to have sex with someone other than Brian because tonight, I would," she said only for herself to hear. "Tonight, I'd stroke, suck, and fuck any man who paid me a compliment after seeing me in my sexy nightgown."
Even though Brian, her fiancé, wanted her to shave her pussy, she preferred having a trimmed pussy instead of a shaved one. She believed that a trimmed pussy looked better than a shaved one. Especially with her so petite, and with her always looking much younger than her chronological age, a shaved pussy made her feel like a prepubescent teenage girl instead of a grown woman.
Not done examining herself in the mirror, she turned one way before turning the other way again to look at what she could see of her shapely, naked ass through her nightgown in the mirror. She stared at the sexy and nearly naked impression of her round and shapely ass while satisfied that she had a great ass, an ass that any man and some women would love to covet and to tap. Even though she never had anal sex, with her so very horny and a little tipsy, if her fiancé was here now, she'd even consider Brian fucking her in her ass.
Only, Brian wasn't here. Except for her maid of honor and her two bridesmaids asleep in their rooms, she was alone. Michael, her bridesman was the only man in the house. She was so horny that if he was here with her now instead of sleeping, she'd sexually seduce him in the way that her fiancé was no doubt having sexy fun with strippers and prostitutes. She'd stroke his cock while sucking his cock and before fucking his cock. Alas, with him not interested in having sex with women, Michael was gay.
* * * * *
With the bridal party staying overnight, her sister Bonnie as her maid of honor, and her two best friends, her bridesmaids, Diane and Megan, the only man in the house was her childhood sweetheart, her best friend, Michael, her bridesman. In anticipation of tomorrow, her wedding day, needing their rest for the reception party, except for the bride, everyone was already in their room sleeping. Yet, wide awake with excitement over the wedding and the sexual anticipation over the start of her honeymoon, Kelly couldn't sleep. Tomorrow was the beginning of her new life as a married woman and as Brian's wife. Tomorrow was the end of her single life and the beginning of her married life.
"I wonder what Brian is doing now," she said while knowing full well what he was doing. "Instead of sleeping, he's probably drinking and having wild sex with hired whores," she said getting jealously angry that he was having sex and she wasn't.
She was as lonely for a man's company as she was horny for a man's sexual attention. Even though it had only been a couple of weeks since she got laid, but in her horny mind, it had been so long, too long, since she had sex. Obviously, she needed someone to give her a sexual orgasm. Obviously, she needed to give someone a sexual orgasm. Only, alone with her bad self, she had no one with her for sex.
Feeling so very horny and so very sexually frustrated, she needed to get laid. She needed a big, hard cock in her hand, in her mouth, and buried deep inside of her pussy. Ready to burst, with the wedding and the reception mere hours away, and the start of her honeymoon not until tomorrow night, she didn't think she could go another minute without having sex.
She needed sex. She needed sex to get a good night's sleep. She needed a sexual orgasm to relax her and to make her go through with the wedding. Now, she understood why Brian was doing what he was doing tonight by having sex with strippers and prostitutes.
"It's not fair that Brian can have sexy fun at his bachelor's party and I'm here alone with my three, best female friends, and my one, best, gay friend. If Michael wasn't gay, I'd so do him. I swear to God, if Michael wasn't gay, I'd suck him before fucking him," she said while growing hornier. "I'd give him a sexual orgasm after he gave me a sexual orgasm."
A virgin she wasn't. An innocent bride she wasn't that either. If she was anything, she was a whore for the right man and the right man was her fiancé, Brian, but he was nowhere around. No doubt, he was having sexy fun with strippers and having sex with prostitutes at his bachelor's party. No doubt, they hired a few cock sucking prostitutes too. No doubt, he was getting sucked and fucked while she's alone, lonely, horny, and sexually frustrated. No doubt, he was having sexy fun while she was sequestered in her bedroom feeling terribly, sexually aroused.
"Alas, no one sees the bride before the wedding. Yet, strippers, whores, and hookers are allowed to see the groom naked while having sex with him. That's not fair. That's not right," she said to herself in her mirror. "That's just wrong. That's nasty. How could he go from having wild sex with them tonight to having loving sex with me tomorrow night? God only knows what sexually transmitted disease he'd give me."
Not wanting her friends to throw her a bachelorette party, she wished she had allowed them to throw her one now. She could have used some sexy fun at a CFNM strip club with her the center of male attention. She definitely would have licked and sucked whipped cream from a few, erect strippers' pricks. Now that she was horny, with no man there to have sex with her, all she could do was to just imagine stroking and sucking the cocks of male strippers while she masturbated herself. Hoping to turn him straight, she was so horny that she'd even stroke and suck Michael's gay cock.
She continued staring at herself in the mirror. Now, with her hair fixed and her makeup reapplied, she looked so pretty. Wearing this beautiful and revealing nightgown, she looked so sexy. Yet, all dressed up and with no place to go, she wished she was having a bachelorette party with male strippers and gigolos touching and feeling her everywhere she allowed her fiancé to touch and feel her. In the way that her fiancé was, no doubt, having hot sex, she wished she was having hot sex too.
"It would be so hot being surrounded by sexy men while wearing this nearly transparent nightgown? I imagine them touching me, feeling me, fondling me, and groping me everywhere while kissing me," she said for no one to hear.
Then, suddenly focusing her attention on the sexually forbidden, she thought of the only man sleeping over in her house. She thought of her best friend, Michael. With only women from her bridal party sleeping over tonight, he was the only available man in the house, except he was gay. She wished he wasn't gay. She wished he liked women. She wished he sexually wanted her in the way that she sexually wanted him right now. If only he did, she'd definitely would do him.
Then, thinking of having sex with her female, best friends instead of her having sex with her gay male, best friend, when she wanted and needed a cock to suck, the last thing she wanted and needed was a pussy to lick. Different from her sister, Bonnie, and her friends Megan and Diane, who sometimes preferred having sex with women than having sex with men, Kelly wasn't lesbian. Although, she could be bi-sexual for the right woman, Nicole Kidman, Winona Ryder, and Natalie Portman comes to mind, she'd have lesbian sex with any of them if she could.
"I swear, if Michael ever saw me in this nightgown, he'd have a heart attack," she said with a sexy laugh while returning her focus to how sexily she looked. "If Michael ever saw me in this nightgown, maybe he'd want to have sex with me. Maybe he'd give up the gay lifestyle and turn heterosexual."
Unable to help herself, she looked more closely at herself in her mirror. As if she was standing in front of her mirror topless, she could see the size and the shape of her naked breasts through her nightgown. Hoping to ease her horniness, by masturbating herself, she felt her tits and fingered her nipples while imagining Michael feeling her tits and fingering her nipples. The more she touched, felt, and fondled her breasts, the more she sexually excited herself. Daring herself to do so, and ready to take that dare, she thought about showing Michael how she looked in her sexy, see-through nightgown.
Yet, even though he was gay, he was still a man. Even though he was gay, he still had a cock. He was still her best friend and he loved her as much as she loved him. No matter if he was gay, she wondered if he'd stare. She wondered what he'd say while seeing so very much of her nearly naked body. She wondered what he'd do when seeing her wearing something as sexy as this virtually see-through nightgown. She wondered if he'd want to have sex with her.
Maybe, as she hoped he would, he'd take her in his arms. Maybe, as she imagined he would, shockingly so forbidden, he'd kiss her while feeling her everywhere he should never feel a bride who was pledged to another man on the eve of her wedding. The night of her wedding tomorrow, how dare she even consider the idea of having sex with Michael? How shockingly forbidden would it be to have sex with her best friend? How shockingly forbidden to even think about having sex with anyone on the eve of her wedding?
* * * * *
"Surely, at the very least, he'd be sexually excited seeing me wearing such a revealing nightgown. Whether he's gay or not, who wouldn't become sexually excited seeing me in such a sexy nightgown? Perhaps with him wishing he could have forbidden and inappropriate sex with me, he may even have an erection. Maybe instead of being a gay man, he's a bi-sexual man. Maybe he swings both ways. Maybe as well as having sex with men, he has sex with women too. Maybe he'd sexually do me in the way that I'd sexually do him. How hot would that be to have sex with my best, childhood friend, Michael?"
She thought of Michael becoming sexually aroused by the sexy sight of her wearing this sheer, short, low-cut, and very revealing nightgown. As soon as she thought about Michael having an erection and with her feeling so very horny and so very sexually frustrated, she thought about his cock. Unable to stop her horny thoughts from controlling her sexually frustrated mind, she thought about stroking, sucking, and fucking Michael's cock. In all the years she had known him, while wondering now what his dick looked like and how big it was, she had never seen his prick.
"I wonder what his erect prick looks like. I wonder if he has a big cock. I'd love to see his cock. With Michael much taller than my fiancé, I wonder if he has a bigger cock than Brian," she said. "In the horny way that I feel now, I wonder if he'd allow me to not only see his prick but also touch his prick, hold his prick, stroke his prick, suck his prick, and fuck his prick. God, I'm so frigging horny that I'd even do him, a gay man," she said.
In the way that she thought of her fiancé having drunken sex with strippers and prostitutes, she thought of having sex with Michael. She thought of him naked. She thought about having hot sex with Michael. She wondered if she could sexually tease him enough for him to want to have sex with her. She wondered if she could sexually seduce him, a gay man.
Perhaps, if only for a night, if only for tonight, she could change him from being a gay man to being a straight man. Perhaps, he's bi-sexual. She didn't know. Perhaps, if he is bi-sexual, he'd want to have sex with her. Again, she didn't know. Having never asked him his sexual orientation, she had no idea if he was gay, bi-sexual, or straight. She just assumed that he was gay.
"A prick is a prick," she said. "What does it matter if he's straight, gay, or bi-sexual? A blowjob is a blowjob. While feeling my naked ass as I stroked him and sucked him, he could just close his eyes and pretend he's having homosexual sex with a man instead of having sex with me, a woman," she said. "He could pretend that it's a man giving him a blowjob instead of a woman. God, I'd love for Michael to cum in my mouth," she said.
Masturbating herself while thinking about having sex with Michael made her even hornier and more sexually frustrated now than she was before.
"Sadly, and sexually frustratingly, just as I wouldn't dare expose myself to him, I doubt that he'd dare expose himself to me," she said to herself in her mirror. "Only, perhaps, if I exposed myself to him, he'd expose himself to me. Perhaps, I could make him horny enough for him to show me his cock. After knowing one another for all of these years, how hot would that be for us to see one another's naked bodies?"
Then, as if her hands were Michael's hands and her fingers were Michael's fingers, she felt her breasts and fingered her nipples again through her thin nightgown. Not sexually done masturbating herself, she reached her other hand under her short nightgown and cupped her red, trimmed pussy before fingering her increasingly wet cunt. Already sexually aroused while wishing her hand was Michael's hand, she was so wet and so ready to be fucked by a man, by any man, if not by her fiancé, Brian, then by her best friend Michael. In the horny way she felt right now, any cock would do.
"God, I'm so frigging horny. I wish Michael wasn't gay. I wish Michael was a friend with benefits," she said laughing while removing her hands from her breasts and from her pussy. "Then, not only could he ease my horniness but also, he could remove my sexual frustration. Then, maybe I could finally get some sleep before my wedding. Hot sex is what I need to get rid of my cold feet."
She leaned closer to her mirror while staring at herself and talking to herself as if there was someone else in her bedroom with her to answer her.
"I wonder, if I made myself sexually available to him and made my sexual intentions known, I wonder if Michael would kiss me, French kiss me," she said flipping back her red hair. "I wonder if he'd want to touch me, feel me, and want to have sex with me while kissing me," she said lightly stroking the side of her face before feeling her breasts and fingering her nipples again. "I wonder if he'd let me see his cock, touch his cock, stroke his cock, suck his cock, and fuck his cock before my wedding," she said again to herself in her mirror. "I'd love to have sex with Michael."
She laughed at her horniness and sexual frustration.
"I'd fondle his cock and stroke his cock, if he'd let me. I'd even suck his cock if he'd let me," she said while sliding a slow tongue across her red, full lips. "I'd even allow him to cum in my mouth and would swallow his cum. In the horny way that I felt now, after removing my sexy nightgown, I'd even allow him give me a cum bath. I'd allow him to cum all over my face, in my hair, and across my naked breasts. Then, I'd make love to him before fucking him. I'd fuck my best friend."
Then, as if Brian was her prince and she was Snow White, she asked the mirror her question as if she was asking her question of the Evil Queen.
"Mirror, mirror, on the wall, who's the sexiest woman of them all," she asked the mirror while laughing?
Sexually teasing herself, while still pondering the deliciously sexual thought of flashing Michael her nearly naked body through her nightgown, she sat on her bed. She was curious to see how far her nightgown would climb up her thighs when sitting down in front of Michael. Now, wanting to invite him to her room to watch a movie, even with her legs tightly closed, her pussy was clearly visible through the triangular opening above her shapely thighs. While holding her handheld mirror, she moved back on her bed to put her head on her pillow.
Even with her knees tightly cemented together, if Michael stood by the end of the bed, he still could clearly see all the way up her nightgown. He still could clearly see her naked pussy. Then, when she parted her knees just a little, he could see her pussy slit and her camel toe. He could see the entirety of her cunt as if she was naked. I wonder if I flashed him my naked pussy if he'd flash me his naked cock.
"Oh, my God, my whole pussy is exposed," she said.
Sexually excited by the thoughts of flashing her naked pussy to him, in the way that she wanted him to show her his naked cock, she wanted to show Michael her naked cunt. Once she flashed him, if he didn't take the hint and give her sex, she'd masturbate herself. Once she flashed him, the rest was up to him. Once she flashed him her pussy, perhaps, he'd flash her his prick. She couldn't force him to have sex with her. Yet, perhaps if she showed him the way, if only just flashing one another, she'd be able to lead him astray.
"Wow," she said while imagining flashing Michael her naked cunt. "Just the thought of Michael seeing my naked cunt while showing me his naked cock makes me so very sexually excited."
In the way that she could see so very much of herself through the reflection of her handheld mirror, no doubt, if he stood at the end of her bed, he could see so very much of her too. He could clearly see her pubic hair, her pussy slit, and her camel toe. As if the reflection in her mirror was Michael's eyes, she sat on the edge of her bed again and leaned forward while holding her mirror. Wanting to see all that she could see of herself, she lifted her knees and spread her legs to sit on her bed Indian style.
"Wow, if he stood by the end of my bed, he could see everything, not just my naked pussy but also my naked tits," she said.
She made herself even hornier while imagining Michael standing over her. With her nightgown low-cut and her top falling open when she leaned forward, if he was in her bedroom now, she'd be flashing him her naked tits. If he stood over her while she leaned forward in the way she was leaning now, he'd not only see the shape and size of her modest, B cup, albeit shapely breasts but also, he'd see her nipples and her areolas.
"Oh, my God," she said. "I can't believe he can see so very much of me in this nightgown when standing at the foot of my bed and when standing over me. In the way that I feel right now, I'm definitely horny enough to expose myself to him."
Suddenly, she had second thoughts about making a fool of herself by flashing a gay man her naked body on the eve of her wedding.
"Something I've never done, do I dare flash Michael, my best, childhood friend, bits and pieces of my naked body? Do I dare show him my naked ass, my naked pussy, and my naked tits? I can't believe I'm thinking about flashing him. I can't believe I'm ready to sexually seduce him. I can't believe I'm horny enough to have sex with him. Do I dare try to sexually seduce Michael?"
* * * * *
Obviously feeling horny now, and after making herself even hornier, by masturbating herself while thinking about flashing Michael, if only just to talk, she needed some male companionship. In the way that her future husband was, no doubt, having sex with strippers and prostitutes at his drunken, bachelor's party, tonight was her last hurrah before she was married. She imagined a stripper rubbing her big tits in her fiancé's face. She imagined a prostitute sucking his cock. She imagined Brian fucking some whore as his last hurrah before he was married.
"That's not fair," she said. "That's not right. I wish I could have some sexy fun too. I wish I could stroke, suck, and fuck a man before I'm married forever."
Tonight, was her turn to have sexy fun with someone and, since he was the only one available, any port in a storm, that someone was Michael. Maybe, as she hoped before, he wasn't gay but bi-sexual. Maybe he sexually enjoyed women as much as he sexually enjoyed men. Maybe he'd want to sexually do her in the way that she'd love to sexually do him. Maybe he'd give her the sex that she needed for her to fall asleep.
Tonight, was the last night before she was on the way to becoming an old, married woman and, no doubt, soon to be a fat and pregnant woman with child. Tonight, was the last night for her to sow the last of her wild oats by having sex with someone other than her fiancé. With her best friend, Michael, the only man in the house, evidentially, she now thought of him more as a forbidden lover than she thought of him as her best friend. Already willing to cheat on her fiancé before she was married and, on her husband, after she was married, maybe she could turn Michael into a friend with benefits.
"No harm done, it isn't as if I'd have sex with him, yet, how hot would it be to sexually tease him," she asked herself in the mirror? "Do I dare show him how I look in my transparent nightgown? Do I dare show him my nearly naked body? Do I dare sexually excite him and make him sexually want me? Do I dare see how far I'd go in exposing my nearly naked body to him? I just hope he's not gay, and if he is gay, I hope he's bi-sexual."
In the glamorous way she looked in her nightgown, she looked at herself in her mirror as if she was a movie star from the 30's, Joan Crawford, Katharine Hepburn, Carole Lombard, Bettie Davis, or Gretta Garbo. She looked at herself in the way that she hoped Michael would look at her. In the way that she could see every sexy part of her nearly naked body, she was ready to show him every sexy part of her nearly, naked body.
"I wonder if I can sexually seduce him into having sex with me? I wonder if I can make him want to make love to me. I wonder if he'd let me see his penis, touch his prick, stroke his dick, suck his dick, and fuck his cock. I'd love nothing more than for him to give me sex. I'd love nothing more than for him to ease my horniness and sexual frustration by giving me a sexual orgasm with his cock."
She imagined him bending her over her bureau while fucking her. She imagined Michael in her bed and on top of her. She imagined him making love to her before fucking her. She imagined his cock buried deep inside of her while he humped her harder and humped her faster. She imagined him humping her while she returned his humps. She imagined him pounding her pussy while she pounded his cock. She imagined him giving her a sexual orgasm with his fingers, his tongue, and his cock. She imagined giving him a sexual orgasm with her hand, her mouth, and her pussy.
"If he won't make love to me and/or fuck me, perhaps he'd agree to having me give him a hand job and/or a blowjob. In the horny way I'm feeling tonight, I'd definitely give him a hand job and/or a blowjob," she said while laughing. "I'd stroke his prick and I'd definitely suck his prick. With us best friends for as long as I can remember, I'd even allow him to cum in my mouth and I'd swallow his cum. I'd even allow him to give me a cum bath."
In the way she imagined a hooker stroking her fiancé's prick while sucking his prick, she imagined stroking Michael's prick while sucking his prick. She imagined him putting a gentle hand behind her red, pretty head. She imagined him humping her mouth and fucking her face in the way that she imagined him humping her pussy and fucking her cunt. She imagined him ejaculating his cum in her mouth, all over her face, in her hair, and across her naked breasts a few hours before her wedding.
What's good for the gander is good for the goose. In the way that her fiancé was a whoremonger for having sex with strippers and prostitutes, she imagined herself being a whore bride to have had sex with her bridesman just before her wedding. In the way that strippers and prostitutes were flashing their naked bodies to her fiancé, she imagined flashing her naked body to Michael.
"To even consider flashing Michael my naked body, never mind allowing him to have sex with my naked body, makes me such a whore," she said. "If only to see what he's like in bed, I should have had sex with Michael years ago. With all those times we partied together when we were both drunk, we could have been friends with benefits. I could have sucked and fucked him more than once and he could have made love to me and fucked me more than once. Too bad he's gay."
* * * * *
As if she was a lingerie model, while looking at herself in her mirror from every angle, she continually stared at all that she was showing, at all that she could see of herself, and all that she imagined Michael seeing. Horny now and becoming even hornier dressed in such a sexy nightgown, remembering how it used to be before she was engaged to marry Brian, she imagined Michael in her room chatting. Now, instead of being only best friends, having never thought of him in that sexual way before, she imagined deliberately exposing her shapely and sexy body to him.
She imagined sexually teasing him to make him as horny as she was now. She imagined flashing him her naked pussy, her naked ass, and her naked tits. She wondered if he'd look, stare, or look away. She imagined making him horny enough for him to have an erection while wanting to have sex with her. While hoping he was a bi-sexual man instead of a gay man, she wondered if she pushed all his buttons, if he'd have sex with her.
"I wonder what Michael will think of my sexy, new nightgown," she said twirling around in front of her mirror. When she twirled around like that, her nightgown ballooned up to flash her naked ass and her naked pussy. "I'd love to sexually tease him. I'd love to make him horny. I'd like to make him sexually excited enough to want me. I'd love to make him sexually aroused enough to want to make love to me. I'd love for him to want me so much that he'd want to fuck me," she said with a sexy laugh.
As if one of her girlfriends or her sister was there with her, instead of her being alone, she talked to herself in the mirror.
"I'd love to shock him by showing him what he has never seen of me before and, will never see of me again, after I'm married. If only for a few laughs later, I wonder if I can make him regret not asking me out, dating me, having sex with me, and asking me to marry him by sexually flashing him. I wonder how far I can go in sexually teasing him and in sexually seducing him."
She hoped to catch him by surprise. She wanted to shock him. She wanted to not only show him her revealing nightgown but also her naked body beneath. She obviously thought she was being as sexy as she was being shockingly funny by sexually teasing him. This may be the only time she may make him regret not sleeping with her. This may be the only time she may make him regret being gay.
Unable to sleep, she was ready to innocently invite him to hang out with her in her room and on her bed while she was wearing her revealing nightgown. Something they routinely did growing up together and before she was engaged, she wanted her friend to innocently keep her company while watching a movie and while flashing him. Yet, even more sexually inappropriate than being alone with him in her room while she was wearing her nightgown, not only did she want to sexually shock him but also, she wanted to sexually tease him by exposing herself to him.
She wanted to show him her naked tits, her naked ass, and her naked pussy. In return, cock and balls for ass, tits and pussy, she wanted him to show her his naked cock. Willing to stroke, suck, and fuck his cock, she wanted to sexually seduce him. Willing to have sex with him, she may never have this opportunity again to sexually seduce her best friend.
* * * * *
With him a night owl like her, she wondered if he was sleeping or was still awake. Oddly enough and something she never expected, figuring he was already asleep and glad that he wasn't, as soon as she walked out in the hall, she saw his bedroom light escaping beneath his bedroom door. Obviously, either he was sleeping with his light on or he was still awake. Perhaps, he was watching television. Yet, as soon as she walked out in the hall, she could hear him. A familiar noise, she took another step closer to his room while wondering what he was doing.
Then, as if he was quietly bouncing on his bed, in the way they used to do on her bed when they were kids, she felt a vibration coming from his room. Clearly, suspecting now what he was doing behind his closed, bedroom door, she quietly tiptoed to his room and stood outside his bedroom door to listen. Obviously, by the soft, sexual sounds and the noises that he was making, he was masturbating himself. With them both on the same sexual page, obviously, he was horny too.
"Michael is masturbating. I can't believe he's playing with himself," she whispered. "I'd love to see him playing with his cock. I'd love to watch him stroking himself," she whispered. "Oh, my God, I'd love to watch him cum. I'd love to put my mouth on his stiff prick just as he was cumming. How hot would that be for him to cum in my mouth?"
She pressed her ear to the outside of his bedroom door and quietly stood to listen. She listened to him masturbating himself while thinking of him cumming. She thought of him cumming in her mouth and her swallowing his cum. She thought of him giving her a cum bath and cumming all over her face, in her hair, and across her naked breasts.
"Shocking the Hell out of him, albeit something I'd never do, I'd love to burst in his room and put my mouth on his stiff prick just as he was ejaculating his warm, oozy cum," she whispered to herself while thinking again of him cumming in her mouth. "How hot would that be for Michael to cum in my mouth?"
Then, taking her preoccupation with him masturbating himself a step further, she wondered who he was masturbating over. Surely, he must be masturbating over someone. She wondered if he was masturbating over her sister, Bonnie, or their best friends, Diane and/or Megan. Then, she wondered if he was masturbating over her. How hot would that be for her best friend to be masturbating over the thought of not only seeing her naked but also over the thought of having sex with her naked body? Maybe he's not gay after all.
Yet, with her assuming and thinking that he may be gay, maybe he wasn't masturbating over any of them. Maybe he was masturbating over a man. Maybe he was masturbating over Brian, her fiancé or over one of the other groomsmen. Maybe in the way that she's fascinated with Hollywood celebrities in the likes of Ryan Reynolds, Christopher Hemsworth, and Matt Bomer, perhaps he is too. Nonetheless, whether he's gay or not, with them childhood friends, she'd like to see his cock. She'd love to watch him masturbating himself. She'd love to watch him cum.
In the horny and voyeuristic way that she felt right now, whether a man or a woman, she'd love to watch him having sex with someone. In the horny and exhibitionistic way that she felt right now, she'd love to flash him her naked body. Maybe he'd change his mind about men and have sex with her. Summoning up the nerve, she'd love to burst open his bedroom door just as he was cumming. Then, unable to believe what she was hearing, she heard what she was obviously hoping to hear and all that she needed to hear to barge in his bedroom.
"Suck my cock, Kelly. Blow me. I need to cum in your beautiful mouth," she heard Michael say. "I'd love to see you naked. I'd love to touch you and feel you everywhere. I'd love to have sex with your beautiful, naked body."
She couldn't believe what she was hearing. Obviously, from all that she heard him saying, he wasn't gay. Obviously, from all that she heard him saying, he not only wasn't gay but also, he was sexually attracted to her. Obviously, he wanted her to blow him. Obviously, he wanted to cum in her mouth. Moreover, while touching and feeling her everywhere, he'd love to see her naked and have sex with her beautiful, naked body.
"Oh, my God," she whispered in disbelief. "He wants me to blow him. He wants to cum in my mouth. He'd love to see me naked. He'd love to touch me and feel me everywhere. He'd love to have sex with my naked body."
With her ear pressed tighter to his bedroom door, she listened while hoping to hear more.
"I need to make love to you before your wedding, before you get married, and before you're gone and unavailable to me forever," said Michael. "I need to fuck you before you're married. I need to pound your pussy and give you a sexual orgasm with my cock while you're calling my name. I need to not only cum in your mouth but also, I need cum in your cunt and give you my baby," said Michael while obviously deep in masturbation mode.
She stood in her hall with her ear pressed to his bedroom door and her mouth hanging open in shocked silence. She couldn't believe all that she was hearing and all that he was saying. Maybe she was making a mistake marrying Brian. Now, with him not a gay man but a straight man, maybe she should be marrying Michael. Yet, he never made a move on her sexual or otherwise until now when she heard him in his room masturbating over the thoughts of having sex with her.
"This is so unbelievable. Obviously, he's not gay," she whispered. "If only I knew how he felt before, maybe I'd be marrying Michael instead of Brian. I can't believe he wants me to blow him. I can't believe he wants to cum in my mouth. I can't believe he wants to make love to me, fuck me, and pound my pussy. I can't believe he wants to give me a sexual orgasm. I can't believe he wants to cum in my cunt. I can't believe he wants to give me his baby."
Then, what she heard next softened her heart, buckled her knees, and made her feel as if she was making a mistake marrying Brian.
"I love you, Kelly. I love you. I've always loved you and will always love you forever."
Dizzy with sexual and romantic delight, Kelly leaned up against his door jamb while looking as if she was about to faint. Obviously, she couldn't believe what she was hearing. She couldn't believe what Michael was saying and all that he had already said. She had no idea that her best friend was sexually attracted to her. She had no idea that Michael loved her, would always love her forever, and wanted to give her his baby. She had no idea that Michael wasn't gay.
With him not having a steady girlfriend, if she thought anything about him, she thought and assumed, that he may be gay. In the way that he preferred hanging out with silly and frilly women, instead of with straight, masculine men, she figured he was homosexual. She figured he was still in the closet. The reason for her not thinking of him as boyfriend material was because she thought that he preferred having sex with men instead of having sex with women. If only she knew back then what she knew now, making a real love connection, things between them may have been so different.
"Oh, my God. I don't believe this," she whispered in shock. "He loves me. I can't believe he loves me. I can't believe Michael is masturbating over the thought of imagining me naked and having sex with my naked body. I can't believe Michael wants me to blow him. He wants me to suck his cock. He wants to cum in my mouth. I can't believe he wants to make love to me before fucking me," she whispered to herself. "He wants to give me his baby."
With him giving her all of the inspired motivation that she needed to burst open his bedroom door and catch him masturbating himself, she was ready to shock and embarrass her best friend. With him giving her all of the inspired motivation that she needed to call off the wedding and marry Michael, yet, too late now, she was in love with Brian. If only she knew how he felt about her before she met Brian, things may have been different between them.
Nonetheless her love for Brian and her wedding tomorrow, this was her last night to have some sexy fun with her best friend before she was married forever. This was her last night to make all of her and all of his sexual fantasies come true. Ready to burst in his room to shock him, embarrass him, and to see all that she imagined seeing of him, she was ready to catch him stroking his cock, masturbating himself, and hopefully cumming in front of her. Ready to burst in his room to stroke him, suck him, and fuck him, she was ready to have forbidden sex with her best friend.
To be continued...
Please vote for my story.