Katie loves running. Ever since she started on her mission to lose weight it became her favorite pastime. At first Katie loved the time alone it gave her to think and clear her head after a long day. While she continues to enjoy that, she sometimes wished she had someone to share the experience with. Her husband Steve wasn't much of a runner, but he was very encouraging of her new hobby and suggested a running group. Katie thought about it and searched online for groups in her area. As it happened there was a group that met a couple times a week at a running store not too far from her office. It was during one of these runs that Katie met her new friend Lauren.
Lauren was a tall, attractive, athletic but busty woman with long strawberry blonde hair. She was quite a contrast to the petite brunette Katie. There weren't any other females their age in the running group so the two teamed up and quickly became friends, working together to encourage each other and also beat the guys.
After one of their runs Katie and Lauren decided to grab a bite to eat and chat about their week. As the two attractive friends munched on their salads, Lauren decided to tease Katie about something she noticed often during their runs.
"So, Katie," Lauren started, "I couldn't help notice you like to do your stretching in front of the guys."
Katie smiled at her friend and giggled "Oh, I didn't notice."
"Yeah, that's what I thought," the attractive blonde teased, "I don't mind, it's easier to beat the guys when they have erections anyway."
The two girls laughed at the thought the men trying to catch them while trying to hide their arousal.
Lauren decided to pry a little more, "So, be honest, you like showing off don't you."
Katie really liked Lauren and they'd become close friends. She decided to let her in on her secret. "Can you keep a secret?" Katie asked.
"Of course," Lauren replied.
"I might need a glass of wine for this." Katie said as she waived over the waitress. "Glass of white please? Actually, bring the bottle."
The tall blonde tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and leaned back in her chair, "Oh I have a feeling this is going to be good."
The wine arrived and Katie took a big gulp. Setting her glass down she looked across the table at Lauren, "Yes, yes I do like showing off. A lot..."
Katie told her friend everything about what happened over the last few months. She told Lauren in detail about her pool parted where it all started with her accidentally flashing the guys and ending up with her stripping naked for them later that evening.
"Wow. I'm impressed. I always knew you were a crazy little chick," Lauren smirked.
"Yeah, well, there's a lot more," Katie said as she poured another drink. "A few weeks later I got caught in the rain during a training run and I ducked into my co-workers house to take cover. Things got a little out of control."
The petite brunette recounted how she bet a lap dance on a football game and ended up dancing blindfolded and naked for one of her friends.
"Whoa," Lauren's eyes were wide, "that's freaking hot. You don't know who you danced for?"
"Nope," replied Katie, "I've narrowed it down to maybe three of the six guys, but I don't know for sure. All I know is I've never been so horny in my life, Steve and I fucked like rabbits for weeks afterwards. I really can't help myself now. It's just a huge rush to have men look at me."
"Any other times?" Lauren asked hopefully.
"Well, yeah..." Katie replied shyly "there may have a few occasions of accidental flashing at the office. I may have forgotten to wear underwear to work a couple times, and with a short skirt things can happen..."
The attractive blonde laughed again, "You are too much fun. We're going out partying together for sure. Are you free this Friday?"
"Yeah, I think so." Katie happily replied.
"Good. Then it's settled, double date this Friday. Bring Steve. You'll get to meet my new boyfriend Ken, I think you guys should get along great. We'll do dinner, some dancing, and who knows what else. Dress sexy." Lauren said with a wink.
"So how about you?" Katie asked hopefully, "Anything crazy in your past?"
Lauren laughed, "College was pretty insane for me. I think I spent more time naked than clothed. But hey, that's what college is all about right? I promise I'll share some stories with you, but I gotta get going tonight."
The two friends gathered their things and got ready to head home for the evening. They paid their bill and agreed to work out all the details of the date during their next run later that week.
--
Katie and Lauren were warming up and almost ready to start their evening run.
Lauren quietly laughed as her friend innocently bent over in front of one of the guys. Katie would claim she was just doing it to stretch her hamstrings and not to tease him with a close-up view of her ass in her tight running shorts but Lauren knew better.
The two friends started their run and separated from the group so they could talk privately.
"I was thinking about Friday after all the juicy stuff you told me," Lauren started.
"Oh yeah?" replied Katie warily.
"Are you up for a little craziness?" Lauren was smiling widely.
Katie wasn't exactly sure where this was going but she was all for having fun so she decided to play along. "What do you have in mind?" She replied.
"It's something my girlfriends and I used to do in college. How about we play a little game of dare on the date." Lauren proposed.
Katie was intrigued and wondered how far things would go. "Could be fun... How many dares? And what type? There's gotta be some kind of limit." The little brunette asked.
"The dares can be any type as long as it's mostly legal. They don't need to be sexual, although those are the most fun. And don't worry, you can always choose another dare if you think it's too far out of line. The idea is to have fun and get crazy, not get in trouble or feel bad. I guess we don't really need a limit on the number of dares, we'll just take turns so someone doesn't have to do two in a row." The tall strawberry blonde replied.
Katie thought about it, "This could be fun. But be careful, if you dare me too hard I can do the same back to you."
"I wouldn't have it any other way," Lauren smiled and headed down the trail to catch up to the guys.
--
It was finally Friday night and Katie stood in front of her bedroom mirror trying to decide if her outfit was a little too revealing or not revealing enough. The petite wife had chosen a strapless black mini tube dress and thought she looked like pure sex; at least that was the look she was trying to accomplish. She finished the outfit with a tiny black thong and a pair of high heels.
She smiled and laughed, "Damn I look good."
Katie made her way downstairs to the living room to make sure her husband was ready.
"Steve?" she called out, "Are you ready? Lauren and Ken will be here soon."
"Ready whenever you are," the handsome husband replied. Steve was wearing his jeans, a plain white fitted t-shirt and a navy blue sports jacket. Katie loved him in that and though he looked great.
Steve's eyes almost popped out of his head when he saw Katie, "Wow you look hot! I'm going to have to keep an eye on you all night."
Katie wrapped her arms around her husband, "That's the idea baby."
The doorbell rang and Katie squealed, "They're here! I can't wait for you to meet Lauren!"
Steve followed his wife to the door where they greeted Lauren and Ken.
"I'm so excited we're going out tonight, my gosh you look amazing!" Katie gushed at her tall blonde friend.
Lauren was dressed just as sexy as Katie. The tall strawberry blonde was wearing a very short green miniskirt and a white blouse with a low cut front that showed off her ample cleavage. Her boyfriend Ken wore black pants and a black button down shirt.
After the hugs and handshakes, the four gathered in the living room to review the plans for the night.
"Steve's calling us a cab, so we'll be heading out soon," Katie explained, "but before we go..." the petite wife scurried into the kitchen returning with four shot glasses and a bottle of schnapps. "To friends and fun!"
The four drank their shots and chatted while they waited for the taxi to arrive. Steve pulled Katie aside and whispered in her ear, "You never told me Lauren was so attractive, it looks like Ken and I will both have our hands full tonight with you two."
"I know! Isn't she gorgeous!" Katie whispered back. "But remember, I'm your wife so try to keep your eyes on me."
"Ha! No promises." Steve replied earning him a playful slap from his wife.
The minivan taxi pulled into the driveway and honked to signal its arrival. The two couples climbed in and they made their way to the restaurant. Both Katie and Lauren had the full attention of their partners for the whole ride as their outfits were so short it was difficult for them to sit and keep themselves covered. Lauren eventually gave up and let her boyfriend slide his hand up her skirt to get a peek of her little lacy white panties.
The four friends pulled up to the restaurant and went inside to get a table. They were led to a quiet area near the back of the room and they settled in and ordered their drinks and appetizers. The two couples quickly became good friends as they got to know each other better. Katie talked about her Marketing job, Steve his graphics art company, Lauren shared her experiences as a veterinary assistant and Ken talked about the small auto mechanics garage he owned.
Just before dinner arrived, the two girls excused themselves to visit the bathroom to freshen up.
"Okay, dare number one," Lauren said once the two friends were alone. "You're going pantiless tonight."
Katie looked down at her very short dress. "This could get interesting," she replied.
"You have to do it in style though," Lauren continued, "I want you to hand your panties to Steve at the table so others can see."
The petite brunette laughed as she slid her panties down her shapely legs. "I think this is going to be a fun night. But if I need to go commando, your first dare is to lose the bra."
Lauren hoped Katie would counter with that dare. Her outfit for the evening was picked with that possibility in mind. She unhooked her bra and carefully folded it before placing it in her purse. Her large breasts were freely moving inside her loose fitting low-cut blouse. They weren't popping out, but you could clearly tell she was braless.
"I saw that one coming," Lauren smiled. The tall blonde was looking forward to teasing the guys with her breasts tonight.
Katie and Lauren arrived back at the table with mischievous grins on their faces as they slid in beside their partners.
"Honey," Katie purred sexily, "can you hold onto something for me?" Katie casually placed her tiny black thong on the table in front of her husband. "I don't want to lose them," she continued innocently.
Lauren spoke up next, "Yeah, maybe it's a good idea if you keep this for me too..." She handed her folded up lacy bra to Ken. "We probably don't need these things tonight, but maybe you can keep them safe for us," she giggled.
Out of the corner of her eye Katie spied the waiter approaching and clumsily grabbed for her panties in a futile effort to hide them. Unfortunately in her rush she knocked them to the floor where they rested at the feet of the young waiter.
The handsome waiter knelt down and retrieved the stray undergarment and held it out to Katie, "I believe you dropped these Miss," he said politely with a smile.
Katie stammered, "Umm, thank you."
The embarrassed wife was reaching for her panties when Lauren interrupted her, "Wait."
Everyone turned to look at the attractive blonde. Lauren continued, "I mean how do we know those are really her panties? They could be anyone's. Can you prove you lost them?"
Katie looked back and forth between the Waiter holding the panties and Lauren.
"I'll go first," Lauren said. "I know they're not mine, see? But maybe some other woman in the restaurant lost them." Lauren turned in her seat to face the waiter and slowly lifted the front of her skirt revealing her lacy white panties.
The waiter smiled at the show, "Yes it appears they are not yours."
"Katie, it's your turn," Lauren said sweetly.
Katie could feel her face flush as she turned to face the handsome young waiter. She took a quick scan around the restaurant and saw a table with two business men behind the waiter watching the events unfold intently. The brunette closed her eyes and pulled up the bottom of her dress exposing her bare pussy to the waiter. She was sure the men in suits at the other table could see as well.
"Thank you for clearing up any confusion," the waiter said politely, "I wouldn't want to return them to the wrong owner. It appears they are yours."
Katie thanked the man and quickly grabbed the panties stuffing them in her husband's jacket pocket.
"You are so evil," Katie whispered with a smile to her friend.
"You liked it," Lauren replied with a wide grin.
Katie hated to admit it, but she did love it. The night was just beginning and she was already getting horny. She knew between the drinking and being turned on, all her inhibitions would be going out the window.
The two guys were having a hard time concentrating on their meals with the ladies causing constant distractions. A number of times Katie would let her dress ride up and give her husband a peek between her legs showing him his treat for later that night.
Lauren was doing her part by showing off her breasts whenever she could. "I think I need the salt," Lauren exclaimed. She undid a couple buttons, stood up and bent over the table to retrieve the salt shaker causing her boobs to spill out of her top for the men to see. "Oops, how did that happen?" she playfully said trying to pretend it was an accident while covering them up.
A couple times Steve would feel a foot slowly rubbing up against his leg and see Lauren winking at him while adjusting her top partially exposing her breasts. From Ken's reaction Steve could tell his wife was playing footsie with him too. The girls would fall into giggling fits whenever they were caught by their dates teasing the other.
The couples finished their meals and headed across the street to the club, it was busy but Lauren knew one of the doormen and they were quickly let inside. The club was pretty busy, but not overly crowded. A long bar extended the length of one of the walls and was well stocked with every type of liquor you could want. In the center of the club was a large dance floor with a stage on one side where a live band was playing. Around the outside of the dance floor opposite the bar were various tables and booths, some booths were tucked away in the corners allowing for some privacy, and others allowed a good view of the stage and dance floor.
Steve and Ken grabbed a couple of seats near the dancing area as Katie and Lauren dashed out to the middle of the floor to get the party going.
The two girls attracted a lot of attention with their revealing clothing and energetic dancing. The brunette and strawberry blonde didn't care who they were dancing with, if you were moving and having a good time Katie and Lauren would be right there with you.
Katie quickly realized a new problem with her dress, she already knew it was short enough she could be flashing her pussy and ass, but she discovered if she raised her arms the top could slip down enough that her nipples would make a brief appearance. Lauren thought it was hilarious and encouraged Katie to keep doing it. She complied and was treated to the thankful gazes of all the men around them who were also getting an eyeful from the braless Lauren.
The girls were starting to get worn out and were happy when the band started playing a slow song.
"Ready for dare number two?" Lauren asked.
"Okay, what do you have in mind?" Katie replied.
"First slow dance you can do with your Hubby. Second dance we switch partners. You're going to let Ken expose you a little." Lauren said with a grin.
Katie was nervous, the bar was pretty busy. "I don't know..."
"It will be fun," Lauren explained, "I'll told Ken what we're up to already, during your dance he'll move you to a dark corner where you won't be so out in the open. Unless of course you want the whole bar to see you naked." She added with a grin.
"Okay I'll do it," Katie quickly replied before she had a chance to change her mind. "But, if I'm going to be exposed so are you. You need to unbutton your blouse to the bottom while you're dancing with Steve."
Lauren raised an eyebrow, "Okay it's a deal."
Katie and Lauren went to grab their guys and drag them out to dance.
Steve held Katie tightly as they swayed to the music. "It looks like you two are having a great time," Steve said to his wife.
"The best. Lauren is so much fun to hang out with." Katie rested her head on Steve's chest and enjoyed being held in the strong arms of her man. His hands cupped her bum and pulled her close, she was already horny and feeling his hardness up against her was making her more so. The cute brunette sighed and was looking forward to getting home tonight, ripping off his clothes off and riding the cock that made her feel so good inside
.
The first slow song ended and Lauren came over to Katie and with a wink asked to switch partners. Katie nervously agreed and went off with Ken as Lauren wrapped her arms around Steve.
Katie liked Ken, he was tall and handsome like her husband, but a little rougher and blue collar. She could feel how strong and rough his hands were as they glided down her back to her firm ass. Katie considered for a moment of backing out of the dare and asking Ken to move his hands but a quick glance over to her husband changed her mind for her. She watched as the tall blonde moved her husband's hands to her butt then unbuttoned her top to show Steve the maximum amount of her large firm breasts. Katie laughed inside at the look on Steve's face as Lauren exposed herself and the two moved off to a quiet place on the dance floor to attract less attention. The attractive wife was slightly surprised at how calmly Lauren exposed herself for Steve. Katie was battling butterflies in her stomach and the growing moisture between her legs as she wondered what Ken had in store for her.
Ken moved Katie to a corner of the dance floor that was a little more private. She tried to see where Laruen and Steve were, but they were now hidden from view in the crowd. Ken held Katie close as they started to dance. It felt really good as she let his hands roam freely over her body. The attractive wife just closed her eyes and enjoyed the moment. Ken's hands moved up her sides momentarily stopping at the top of her dress, he slowly pulled down the front until her small perky boobs popped out. Katie knew something like this was coming but still let out a little gasp and pushed herself closer to Ken to hide her breasts from other patrons.
"Why hide?" Ken whispered in her ear, "Lauren told me you like showing off. Show me your boobs."
Katie blushed and wondered what exactly Laruen told him. She looked up at her handsome dance partner and smiled as she arched her back moving her chest away from Ken, giving him a good view of her small perky breasts. She glanced around and it didn't appear anyone noticed, their corner of the dance floor was dark and most other people were too busy with their own dance partners to notice.
Ken decided to see how far Katie would go and find out if the stories his girlfriend was telling were the truth. Leaving her breasts exposed, Ken ran his hands down her sides to the bottom of her dress. She momentarily held her breath as his hands slid under the bottom hem and lifted the dress upwards towards her waist exposing her bare ass. Ken rested his hands on her naked butt and they continued to dance. The petite brunette was both terrified and excited about her predicament. With her top down and bottom up she felt completely naked on the dance floor.
She slowly looked back and forth to see if anyone was watching, out of the corner of her eye she saw a booth of college guys looking right at her. She felt the familiar twinge in her pussy as she thought about the strangers seeing her with her dress bunched around her waist and Ken's hands on her bare ass. It made her even hotter knowing that Ken "made" her do it. She liked pretending things were accidental or out of her control.
As the song ended Ken pulled the bottom of the dress back down over her ass as Katie adjusted her top.
"Thank you for the dance," Ken said giving Katie a quick kiss on the cheek.
Katie blushed, "Anytime"
Lauren rushed over just as Katie finished covering herself and smoothing her dress. She grabbed Katie and practically dragged her off the dance floor, "Come on! Let's do shots!" the sexy strawberry blonde exclaimed.
The two couples headed over to the bar and it was decided tequila shots were in order. Katie was getting impatient as it seemed like the bartenders were taking forever to get to them.
Katie whispered to her friend, "Ready for dare three?"
"Oh, I'm ready." Lauren smiled.
"Flash the bartender so we can get our drinks."
"You sure know how to get their attention," Lauren said with an evil grin.
Lauren quickly unbuttoned her top, held it open and yelled as loudly as she could "Yo, bartender!"
Lauren smiled proudly as she buttoned her top once again hiding her breasts from view. The dare had the desired effect as a young bartender quickly appeared to take their order.
Katie laughed, "I knew that would work."
The tall strawberry blonde called out to the bartender "Four tequilas please!"
The bartender quickly returned with the drinks and the girls proposed a toast. "To a great night that's just getting started!"
The four friends quickly downed their shots and laughed and joked about the evening.
Before long, the group decided to head out and continue the party back at home. The sexy half naked girls were starting to attract too much unwanted attention. The group climbed into a minivan taxi with the two very drunk girls sitting in the back and the guys in the middle. The girlfriends whispered, laughed, teased and flashed the guys as they made their plans and dares for the rest of the evening.
--
The drunken foursome poured into Steve and Katie's living room where the girls directed the guys to the sofa. Katie fiddled with the stereo to find some good music as Lauren anxiously waited.
"Ready?" Katie turned to Lauren.
"Ready," she replied.
Katie turned to the guys sitting on the sofa, "Okay guys, Lauren and I have a little surprise entertainment we planned for you."
Lauren dimmed the lights and the two women moved to the center of the room and started to slowly, seductively dance with each other. The guys' eyes were glued to the dancing pair eagerly anticipating what would come next.
Katie turned her back to the sofa as Lauren stood in front of her and slowly lowered the petite wife's dress. Lauren sank to her knees as she helped Katie step out of her clothes leaving the brunette naked except for her high heels. Katie shivered as her friend ran her hands up her legs to her hips.
Lauren was very turned on by her hot petite friend. Kneeling in front of Katie she couldn't take her eyes off her friend's perfectly waxed pussy. The blonde marveled at how perfect it looked, a tiny thigh gap, completely smooth and just a hint of the inner lips sticking out. Lauren could see a slight glistening of wetness caused by Katie's excitement and she felt her own wetness increasing in response. This wasn't part of their dare but Lauren couldn't help herself as she leaned her head forward and gently kissed the hood covering Katie's clitoris.
Katie shuddered slightly at the unexpected touch as Lauren held onto the petite brunette's hips to help keep her balance. The sexy blonde extended her tongue and slowly licked up and down the length of Katie's slit producing a quiet moan. Katie couldn't believe her beautiful friend was licking her pussy. More than that, Katie couldn't believe she actually liked it. It felt so different then when Steve did it. Lauren's lips and tongue were so soft, the feeling so intense she didn't want it to end.
Lauren pulled away and sat back on her heels looking up at Katie longingly. The brunette wife composed herself and tried to temporarily push down these strange new feelings her friend awakened in her.
Lauren stood up and Katie positioned her facing the men as she began to slowly remove her friend's blouse tossing it between the two men on the sofa. The petite wife moved behind her friend and undid the zipper on her skirt letting it fall gently to the floor. It was Katie's turn to kneel before her friend. As she moved close to Lauren she could smell the scent of the blonde's excitement. Katie had never been this close to another woman before and her head was swimming with unexpected desire. The brunette lightly gripped her friend's panties with her teeth and slowly pulled them down exposing a fine tuft of blonde pubic hair and leaving them both naked in front of their men.
The two naked women swayed and caressed each other to the slow music. Katie quietly moaned as Lauren's fingers gently brushed across her smooth pubic mound. The two women approached the sofa, Katie stood in front of Ken and Lauren in front of Steve, in unison they turned their backs to the men and bent over spreading their cheeks with their hands exposing themselves fully. After a few moments the girls stood up and returned to the center of the room before kneeling on the floor on their hands and knees. Slowly and sensually they crawled across the floor, Katie to her husband and Lauren to her boyfriend. When they reached the men, the naked women undid the pants of their partners and pulled them down exposing their throbbing erections.
Katie and Lauren turned to look at each other, smiled, then lowered their mouths to the hard cocks in front of them and began slowly licking and sucking.
Katie kept peeking over at Lauren and Ken, she'd never seen a penis other than her husband's and she couldn't help but look at the different one just a couple feet away. It looked similar to Steve's, darker, maybe slightly longer and thicker, but she couldn't tell for sure. The main difference was Ken's pubic hair was cut short which she thought maybe made his penis look longer.
The attractive brunette continued to work her mouth up and down her husband's shaft while watching what her friend was doing. Lauren seemed to really know how to suck a dick and Katie was trying to take pointers, following along and trying to copy what her friend was doing. She was amazed that the sexy blonde was able to take her boyfriend's cock completely in her mouth, when Katie tried it she started to gag as her husband's cock reached the back of her throat. She decided this was something she would have to work on and to ask Lauren about it later.
The men thought they were in heaven. Steve looked down at his beautiful wife as she tenderly sucked his cock, then over to the sexy tall nude blonde as she eagerly swallowed her boyfriend's erection. The physical and visual sensations were almost too much to handle and the men had to concentrate to keep from cumming too soon.
Katie crawled up onto Steve's lap, facing away from him, and aimed his stiff rod at her dripping wet opening. "I need you inside me baby," she whispered to her husband as she spread her legs and lowered herself with a moan onto his waiting cock.
Seeing Katie getting fucked was a huge turn on for Lauren. She loved seeing Katie's little boobs jiggle and watched as Steve's hard cock appeared then disappeared into her pretty friend's hot waiting pussy as Katie bounced up and down. The blonde knew how excited and horny her little friend must be, Steve's dick was shining and dripping with Katie's juices. Lauren couldn't hold out any longer, she needed to be fucked and fucked now. Reclining on the carpet Lauren spread her legs wide. "Fuck me Ken," was all she said as her boyfriend quickly undressed and joined her on the floor, impaling her with his stiff member.
Katie watched her sexy friend moan and grunt in pleasure as she was roughly fucked by her boyfriend. The petite wife never knew watching someone have sex could be so exciting and picked up the pace of her bouncing to try and match the furious fucking of Lauren and Ken. Katie was getting close to cumming and her loud squeals caused her friends to pause their own fucking to watch the brunette orgasm.
Steve held his petite wife's waist tight and frantically lifted her up and down as she screamed and shook. With a huge cry she let the biggest orgasm of her life wash over her. Katie's mind was in a different world, her legs were shaking and she couldn't hold her own weight, she felt like a ragdoll as her husband slowed down his pace and held on to her tight.
Steve wasn't finished with her yet, he still needed to cum and was going to enjoy this night and his sexy wife for as long as he could. With his strong arms he easily lifted his wife up off of him and laid her across the arm of the sofa with her bum in the air. Katie purred quietly as Steve finished undressing and took his position behind her. With one push he slid easily into her soaking wet pussy and began his thrusting.
Ken and Lauren watched their friends for a few moments before resuming their own fucking. Ken guided his girlfriend off the floor and over the other armrest of the sofa so she was now face to face with her friend. Lauren reached out her hands and joined them with Katie's. The two held each other's hands, looking into each other's eyes as their men fucked them forcefully in unison.
Katie watched in awe as her sexy friend squealed out her orgasm, her face just inches away from her own. Lauren's face was a picture of pure ecstasy as she squeezed Katie's hands tightly.
Being fucked hard by her husband and watching her hot blonde friend cum pushed Katie over the edge as she experienced her second orgasm of the night. The two girls stared into each other's eyes and cried out their passion together.
Ken was close to finishing, he pulled out of Lauren's tight pussy and moved to the center of the sofa presenting his cock to his girlfriend. Lauren greedily attacked it with her mouth as her boyfriend emptied his seed down her throat. She swallowed all she could and let the rest drip down her chin.
"I'm going to cum," Steve panted as he watched the hot blonde wipe her boyfriend's cock on her face.
"Fill my cunt baby!" Katie screamed.
With a final thrust Steve emptied what felt like a gallon of semen into his waiting wife. Katie could feel his cuck pulsing over and over and it soon felt like a river was running down her leg. She never felt him cum so hard and long before.
Steve pulled out of Katie's pussy and lifted the shaking woman off the armrest and into his arms. She held him close and curled up in his lap as he sat down to rest.
The two couples lay quietly for the next half hour, gently kissing and caressing each other.
Katie finally broke the silence. "I think I can walk again," she said with a smile. "My god you were fantastic tonight, I've never cum so hard in my life."
Steve kissed his wife, then turned to Ken and Lauren who were also basking in their after orgasm glow, "I'll show you guys to the spare room, it will be more comfortable than here."
Without bothering to dress, the two couples went upstairs to their bedrooms to sleep.
--
Katie rolled over and looked at the bedside clock. Its soft red light read 4:23am. She glanced over at her husband who was sound asleep and gently snoring.
"Well at least one of us can sleep," Katie mumbled to herself.
The petite wife climbed out of bed and walked naked to the bathroom to fetch herself a glass of water. She looked in the mirror and thought she looked like hell. Her hair was a mess, her makeup smeared and her eyes were bloodshot. "I have no idea how Steve finds this attractive" she said before turning off the light.
Katie was heading back to her room when she noticed a light coming from the spare room. She walked over and took a look through the half open door. Ken was nude on his back top of the covers, apparently asleep, and Lauren was sitting up beside him reading a book. Katie stood there for a couple minutes admiring Lauren. She thought her friend looked so beautiful with her long wavy strawberry blonde hair flowing over her large firm breasts. Lauren saw Katie at the door and motioned her in. Katie quietly walked over to the bed and sat down beside her friend.
"Couldn't sleep?" Katie asked.
"No, not really. It's always hard for me in a strange bed. How about you?" Lauren replied.
"I couldn't stop thinking about tonight." Katie said quietly.
Katie looked at Ken, worried that he might wake up and find her naked in their room.
"Don't worry about Ken," Lauren reassured Katie, "it would take a herd of elephants to wake him after sex."
"He's so big when he's soft," Katie commented looking at his penis.
"Yeah, he's almost full length soft. It only grows an inch or so," the blonde friend explained.
"That's so different than Steve. They looked almost the same size hard but Steve's much smaller when he's not excited." Katie continued to stare at Ken. "Did you know this is only the second real penis I've ever seen?"
"Really?" Lauren was surprised "Well, take as good a look as you want. I don't mind and I'm sure Ken doesn't either."
The brunette wife carefully crawled closer to Ken. She whispered to Lauren, scared her boyfriend might wake up, "Can I touch it?"
Lauren giggled at her friend's innocence. "Yes, of course you can."
Katie gently reached out and wrapped her tiny hand around the sleeping man's penis. She thought it felt heavier than her husband's as she lightly moved it around examining it from all sides. Katie pumped her hand up and down slowly and she felt his cock starting to inflate. "He's getting hard." She whispered.
Lauren smiled, "Of course he is, you're jacking him off."
The young wife quickly let go of him at that thought. "Oops, didn't really think about what I was doing."
"So does this mean I get to fondle Steve now?" Lauren teased.
Katie quietly laughed, "Well I guess that's only fair, plus it would make a nice birthday present..."
Lauren thought that was hilarious, "For the man who has everything!"
The two girls shared a quiet laugh then sat quietly for a moment before Katie spoke again.
"Lauren..." Katie was nervous and was having trouble getting the words out.
The pretty blonde could easily see something was on her friends mind, she reached her hands out and held Katie's hands in her own.
Feeling comforted, Katie continued, "When we were stripping for the guys... you touched me..."
Lauren spoke quickly, "I'm so sorry about that I didn't mean-"
Katie cut her friend off, "No. Please. It felt really nice. Do you think... if you want I mean... can the two of us maybe try it again sometime?" Katie felt the heat in her face, she knew she was blushing a deep red over what she just asked her friend.
It was Lauren's turn to blush, she had no idea someone as hot as Katie would be interested in her in that way. "I would like that very much," she replied.
"I really don't know what I'm feeling right now... I've never done something like that before..." Katie said shyly.
"Shhh. Don't worry about it, there's no need to force anything. We're still great friends. If something ever happens we'll let it happen naturally."
Katie gave her friend a soft kiss, said goodnight then got up and headed back to her bedroom before Steve would notice her missing. As she slipped into bed to join her husband, Steve groggily spoke. "Everything okay honey?"
Katie softly brushed the side of his face with her hand, "Everything's good my love, I just needed a glass of water. We have lots to talk about but it can wait until tomorrow. Good night."