2nd June
"Why did I get stuck being the basketball coach for this stupid team!" Avy groaned as we both sat in her classroom after school was out. I had dropped by to watch Ryan's playoff match but decided to pop in and check in with Avy.
"I mean seriously, Isis, these boys have talent but zero discipline! How am I supposed to turn them into a winning team?" Avy sighed.
I looked at her and chuckled, "You know, I recall you signing up for this voluntarily. You do remember that, don't you."
She just glared at me as I sipped my coffee. "It wasn't me, it was my husband. I hate basketball," she grumbled.
I just shook my head at Avy's whining. "Come on now, you can't be THAT upset. Before you signed on, we couldn't even round up 5 boys to form a team."
She grumbled in response, and I grinned as I looked at her. We'd never been that close earlier but had recently hit it off surprisingly well. She was funny, smart and relatively easy to talk to.
"I've got five boys who can play really well if only they'd bother to show up at practice," Avy complained, "I even tried your suggestion of motivating them with some rewards. I baked cookies. Hell, I even promised them extra credit in their science classes if they won a few games, and nothing works!"
I hated seeing her down in the dumps like this; she was usually so cheerful and optimistic.
"Look, Avy, we'll figure it out. What if I come by the next few practice sessions and see if I can offer any suggestions? Maybe a different perspective will help out," I offered, and she perked right up at my idea.
"Seriously? You'd do that? I could kiss you, Isis! Thank you, thank you, thank you!" She beamed at me.
I was happy to see her in better spirits and chuckled at her excitement. "No problem, Avy. Just text me when you have one coming up, and I'll be there. Now, why don't we go out and catch Ryan's baseball game? It must be the last few innings about now."
We walked out of her classroom, chatting away as we made our way to the baseball field. Avy was positively bubbling with joy now, and I was glad I helped her mood improve. As we took our place in the bleachers, I noticed more than a few boys checking us out. I wasn't really surprised, Avy and I were probably the hottest MILFs in the crowd.
I wore a maroon sundress with a deep v-neckline, which showed off my big breasts, and Avy wore a flowery white dress which hugged her curvy body nicely. Despite her innocent personality, Avy liked to dress sexily, and today was no exception. Her dress dipped low enough to give a glimpse of her cleavage and was short enough to show off her long, sexy legs.
I'm sure Avy didn't realize that every guy in the school, including her students, probably ogled her big tits whenever they could. She had blonde hair, blue eyes and a killer body. The both of us together probably looked like we belonged in a porno rather than a high school baseball game.
We both sat down and cheered for the boys. Ryan was one of the players on the team and was batting when we arrived. We were just in time to cheer him on as he knocked one out of the park, scoring a home run.
"WOOHOO, GO RYAN!" We yelled along with most of the other parents in attendance. I cheered proudly as I watched Ryan run around the bases. I noticed Avy looking at me with an amused smile.
"What? Did I have something on my face?" I asked, and she just giggled.
"Just admiring the proud mom cheering for her son," Avy replied, "Isis, I swear you're the coolest mom I know. Ryan must be lucky to have you as his mom."
"You have NO IDEA..." I gave her a naughty wink as I thought about the taboo fucks I had with both Ryan AND Hunter.
The game continued, and it soon went into the last innings with just 2 runs separating both teams. We were all on the edge of our seats as we watched Ryan line up at bat again.
'Come on, Ryan, just one more score, and you guys win!' I mentally cheered him on.
The opposing pitcher wound up and threw a fast one. Ryan swung and missed. I winced, and Avy cursed under her breath.
I gripped my purse tightly as Ryan lined up at bat again. The ball was thrown slower this time, and Ryan swung another strike early!
Avy looked at me, concerned. I just shrugged in reply, just as anxious as she was.
Ryan lined up at bat for the last time. I could see the determination in his eyes. He wanted to win this one for the team; I could feel it.
This time, the pitch was slow, and Ryan swung hard. THUMP! The sound of the ball hitting the glove echoed across the field, and we waited with bated breath.
After a pause, the umpire yelled, "OUT!!" and we all groaned. Ryan slumped his shoulders in disappointment and slowly made his way back to the dugout. We'd lost!
I watched Ryan walk slowly with his head hung low. I felt so bad for him; he'd played so well! The boys shuffled off the field towards the locker room. Avy looked at me sadly and patted my shoulder.
"I guess I should go console Ryan", I said reluctantly.
"Ok, Isis. I have to go too. It's time for my basketball practice. I'm hoping my idiots show up today. Please give Ryan my regards, ok?" Avy said, and I nodded in acknowledgement.
I watched Avy leave before I headed towards the boy's locker room. I obviously couldn't go in, so I waited outside till Ryan came out. It was another half-hour, and the school was almost empty by the time the team started shuffling out.
I peered around but couldn't see Ryan anywhere. Coach Carter finally walked out, and I asked him where Ryan was.
"He's taken it pretty hard... he's not come out of the showers yet." Coach Carter replied.
I asked him if I could go in and see him. He looked around and then at his watch, "Well, school is already out, and I think you're probably the last ones left. Guess it shouldn't be a problem".
I thanked him and quickly entered the locker room. It was empty but smelled strongly of sweat and testosterone. It was my first time here, and I looked around before peeking into the showers.
It was empty except for the sound of one of the showers running. My heels clicked loudly as I walked in. It was a big, open room and surprisingly clean. There were six shower stalls on the side and one large common shower area at the back, with multiple shower heads.
The curtains were pulled open across all but one of the private showers, and I knew Ryan was in there. I took a step forward before stopping to think how I could console him. The only thing that came to my mind was letting him fuck my brains out as any good mother should.
Coach Carter had already left, and there wasn't anyone left at the school at this hour. I bit my lip as I considered my options and finally decided to do what any good mother would.
'I'm crazy for doing this...' I thought to myself and slowly slipped off the straps of my dress. My dress dropped to my feet, and I picked it up, folded it neatly and placed it on one of the nearby benches.
I was down to my bra and thong in the boys' locker room! I couldn't believe what I was doing and quickly unhooked my bra, exposing my big tits, which bounced freely. My heart raced, and my nipples hardened in anticipation. I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my thongs and slowly peeled it down. I bent over, letting it drop to the floor, and stepped out. I was completely naked now.
I looked at the shelves for a clean towel to wrap myself in but couldn't find any large towels and found only a tiny hand towel. It was enough to cover my tits and nipples and pussy barely if I held it across my body like a flag.
I pulled my shoes and earrings off, plopped them beside my dress and tiptoed towards Ryan's stall. I took a deep breath before pulling the curtain aside and stepping in quietly behind my son.
Ryan had his back to me and was bent over with his hands on the wall, letting the water splash over his face. I bit my lower lip as I watched the rivulets of water flow down his young, muscled body.
"Mi Amor...?" I said softly, startling him. Ryan quickly turned and stared at me in shock.
I smiled sexily and let the towel fall to the ground, showing off my luscious, naked body to my son. He straightened up immediately and turned around, his eyes widening in surprise.
"Mom? W-what are you doing here?" He gasped and then stared at my tits in awe. I slowly took a step closer to him, letting the gentle spray of the shower rain down on me. I shivered for a moment as the drops of water hit my tits, making my nipples even harder.
Ryan's eyes followed the droplets of water as they flowed down my tits and down to my pussy.
"I came to comfort you mi amor... to help you forget your loss.", I said huskily and ran my hands over his muscular arms. Ryan still had a look of disbelief on his face, staring at my body in wonder. I smiled and pressed my wet, soft tits against his chest as I gently took another step closer to him under the shower.
I wrapped my arms around his muscular body and began kissing his chest and nipples softly while pressing my juicy tits against him. Ryan's breathing quickened as he felt my tits press into his skin. I knew he loved my tits, and I was using it to my advantage.
"Mom...we... can't do this... w-we can't be caught..." he whispered hesitantly.
"Shhh mi amor... Coach Carter has already left... and there's no one else around. It's just you and me."
I looked up at my son, and he looked down at me; our eyes met, and he leaned in to kiss me. His lips were still wet from the shower, but I felt a shiver run down my spine as he kissed me passionately.
I moaned in his mouth as I felt his hands run down my back and grab my ass possessively. "Mmm... Mi amor..." I moaned into his mouth as we kissed hotly under the shower.
I felt his hands roaming over my body, exploring my curves. I broke off our kiss after a while and smiled at him. Ryan let out a sigh and looked at me longingly, "Mom... I screwed up out there! I blew our chances of winning the championship! I let the team down; I let you down."
I ran my hands through his wet hair and gazed into his eyes reassuringly, "Ryan, mi amor... none of that matters. You were the best player out there today. And I am so proud of you."
Ryan frowned in frustration and looked down in disappointment.
I smiled and ran my hands over his muscular chest, "You've been working so hard to make me proud, haven't you, baby?" I teased.
Ryan looked up at me and nodded shyly. I leaned in and planted a soft kiss on his lips. "Let me show you how proud I am, mi amor... let Mommy reward her big, strong son for playing so well today." I breathed seductively.
Ryan looked at me lustfully, his eyes gleaming with desire. I bit my lower lip and slowly sank down to my knees. Water rained down from above, making my hair stick to my face. I smiled up at my son and ran my hands over his hard stomach as I reached out and grabbed his stiff cock with my other hand.
Ryan was already fully hard, and his cock was throbbing in my hand. I began stroking it gently and looked up at him as I fondled his big balls. I smiled up at Ryan and gave the swollen head of his cock a long, slow, teasing lick. Ryan moaned out loud as he saw me on my knees in the shower.
I smiled and began licking the underside of his hard cock like a lollipop. My son groaned, and I looked up at him as I slowly slipped his entire cock into my mouth. I began bobbing my head back and forth as I sucked on his big prick, taking more and more of his cock into my mouth each time.
"Mmm... Mommy loves sucking your cock, baby..." I moaned as I slobbered all over his cock.
Ryan looked down at me, entranced at the sight of his mother on her knees sucking his cock. "Oh fuck Mom! Your mouth feels so good..." he moaned as he looked down at me.
I pulled his cock away from my mouth for a minute, continuing to stroke it, "Are you feeling better, mi amore...?" I smiled teasingly, looking up at him while squeezing my tits with my other free hand, "Is mommy's blowjob enough to cheer you up, baby?" I purred as I jerked his cock with my hand.
Ryan groaned as I pumped his cock with my hand and looked at me with lust, "Fuck Mom... it's...so good... but I need more... I need to fuck you... I wanna fuck you so badly!" he groaned in need.
I smiled and began licking his shaft up and down, from the base to the top of his cock head. Ryan moaned as he watched me tease his cock with my tongue. I swirled my tongue around his cock head and sucked on it hard, "My pussy is all wet for you, mi amor... but first I want a taste of your thick cum baby... cum in Mommy's mouth mi amor..." I moaned as I began sucking his cock again and continued to give him my best blowjob until----
"Man, why do we need to have basketball practice every week!" a loud voice interrupted us in the shower.
"Yeah... It's not like we're going to win with a coach like her..." another one said.
"Do you know it's just the five of us left on the team... everyone else quit cause of her!" the first voice complained.
Ryan and I froze in our tracks as we heard the voices of Ryan's classmates just a couple of feet away from us. Luckily, I had kept the shower curtain to our stall drawn, and we were obscured from view.
Ryan looked down at me, alarmed, but I knew that the sound of the running shower would mask our moans. I popped his cock out of my mouth and gave him a naughty smile, and pressed a finger to my lips, indicating him to keep quiet.
I kept jerking his cock as I scootched to the edge of the stall and pulled the curtain ever so slightly aside to see who was outside. I was greeted with the sight of 5 incredibly well-built black teenagers stripping down outside.
It was Avy's basketball team! She had told me that she'd kept a last-minute practice.
"Mom... they might catch us..." Ryan whispered to me, moaning in a hushed voice as I jacked off his cock while peeking out the curtain. They'd stripped completely now, and each of them had cocks as thick as Ryan's. I gasped as I saw Duane, though; even though he wasn't hard, his cock was probably 6 inches flaccid! I wondered how big it got when it got hard.
I recognized all of them: Duane, Jake, Kyle, Marvin and Winston. They each took one of the 5 empty showers, and I breathed a sigh of relief that they hadn't caught us.
I returned back to my son and admired his cock as I got to work sucking him off. I was proud of his cock, he was probably as big as any other black guy, with the exception of Duane, and I found my pussy getting wetter thinking how it would feel as he fucked me with his friends nearby.
The boys continued to chat about other things while they showered, and I zoned them out as I focused on getting Ryan to cum. I licked and slobbered all over my son's cock, sucking it hard while jacking it off with my hands.
Ryan stifled his groans as he looked down at me, enthralled by the sight of his hot mother on her knees sucking his cock. I pushed him back onto the recessed seat built into the corner of the stall and leaned over him as I went to town on his cock.
Ryan spread his legs to let me lean over him and reached out to cup my heavy tits as I slobbered all over his shaft. His thumb massaged my hard, erect nipple as he played with them. I moaned softly as he fondled them and sucked on his cock harder as his friends continued their chat.
"But whatever you say, Ms Avy is one hot piece of ass... those tits, man! Fuck, I would love to tap that!"
"You remember how she tried to bribe us with cookies last practice? We get a batch of homemade cookies if we win 5 games in a row..."
"We should have bet her to shower with us after 5th win... I'd practice my ass off if I could lather up them big titties in the shower with us..."
"I've got something even better; I'd win the fucking championship for her if she joined us along with that hot Latina MILF she's hanging out with... who's that chick anyway?"
I heard Ryan groan, and I knew he was getting hot and bothered listening to his friends talk about me like that. I smiled and began sucking his cock faster and faster.
"That's Ryan's mom, Isis." I heard Duane's voice from the stall adjacent to us, "Man... I'd practice all day and night if I could get both of them in the locker room for one day!"
I began fingering my pussy with one hand as I jacked Ryan's cock off with the other as the boys discussed fucking me and Avy. I looked up at Ryan and could see that hearing his friends talk about me like this was pushing him to the edge. I whispered to him, "Mi Amor... Cum for me... cum in mommy's mouth..."
"Ahhh... I'm cumming... Mom! Ahh... I'm gonna cum...!!" Ryan hissed lightly and began shooting his cum into my mouth.
I moaned and began swallowing his cum load as his friends continued their discussion. Ryan groaned silently as I swallowed his cum, and I heard Duane's voice, "You should see how she dresses around the house; she's practically in her underwear most of the time... showing off that thick bubble butt in those tight shorts. Man, I'm getting hard right now..."
I gulped down the last of my son's cum load and gave his cock head a long, loving kiss as his best friend was probably jacking off to me in the adjacent stall.
I continued sucking Ryan's cock, milking him dry of all his cum. "Ms. Avy's got a hot body too! I'd love to bend her over and fuck her tight little pussy over the teacher's desk."
"She's desperate for us to win some games; I'm sure she'd take us up on that shower bet if we asked her..."
"I can only imagine having her and her friend here with us, lathering up those juicy white tits..."
I could hear the boys in the other stalls jacking themselves off while talking about Avy and me, and I felt a flush of lust as I realized that they were dreaming of having a gangbang with us.
My pussy was on fire as I got up in front of Ryan. My hand was still stroking his cock; it was already getting hard enough for round 2. He leaned in and whispered in my ear, "They're all dreaming of fucking you and Ms. Avy, huh, Mom? I don't blame them... I would, too."
I smiled and grabbed his head, and kissed him deeply as I straddled his legs, rubbing my pussy against his now erect prick. I reached down to guide Ryan's cock into my soaking wet pussy, "You already have mi amor... many times, and you'll be the only guy here to fuck me today... fuck me, fuck Mommy again. Fuck Mommy good, baby!"
I had to bite my lips to stifle my moan as Ryan's thick cock penetrated me and stretched my pussy walls. I looked at my son with lust as I began to ride his cock in front of his teammates, just a flimsy, wet curtain separating us from them.
Ryan grabbed my tits and began kneading them as I rode his cock. His fingers played with my erect nipples as I rocked back and forth on his lap, enjoying the sensation of having him inside me.
It was impossible to hide the squishing sounds of his cock entering me, but I didn't care. I wanted them to hear, to know that Ryan was fucking his mom in the next shower stall. I rode my son faster, bouncing up and down in the shower.
"What the fuck was that thumping sound?" Duane's voice startled us out of her lustful trance as I rode Ryan's cock faster and faster.
Ryan looked at me with concern, but I just kissed him as I rode his thick cock.
"It's probably from the old pipes in this place; chill out, Duane," Winston replied.
"Yeah... he's probably imagining it's the sound of his crush, Ms. Love's pussy being pounded by a fat cock." Jake said and laughed.
"I'll bet she's a big slutty MILF who likes to ride a cock hard and fast... " Duane said as I bounced up and down on Ryan's cock.
Ryan looked at me lustfully as his friends fantasized about me. I smiled and bounced on his cock harder as Duane's words spurred me on. "You like it, mi amore? You like Mommy fucking you hard, baby?" I whispered as I rode his cock
"Oh fuck yeah, Mom!" Ryan whispered back as he squeezed my tits, "I love it! Ride my cock, Mom; I wanna cum inside you again..."
I leaned in and gave Ryan a passionate kiss as I rode his cock hard, "Cum mi amore... cum in my pussy! Cum in Mommy's pussy, baby!"
I bounced up and down on his cock, impaling my pussy on his big, thick shaft. Duane's words spurred me on, and I wanted them all to know what we were doing.
"Shit... those pipes do sound like a pussy slapping against a hard cock..." Duane said as he listened carefully to our slick bodies slapping together as I rode Ryan's cock.
"Stop being paranoid, man; nobody is around." Winston said, "It's just us here. Shit, I gotta get off!"
"Oh fuck! Fuck mi amor! Mommy's cumming! FUCK!" I moaned as I came all over my son's cock, losing control and no longer caring if his teammates knew what we were doing.
As my pussy clenched hard on Ryan's cock, I felt him begin to shoot another load of cum deep inside me. He grunted and pulled me into a deep kiss as he emptied his cum load deep into my pussy.
"Fuck that was... AMAZING!!!" I whispered to Ryan as we hugged each other. His cock was still inside me, getting softer, and his thick cum began oozing warmly down my thighs.
As we relaxed in each other's arms, we could hear the sounds of his friends jacking off to their fantasy gangbang with me and Avy.
I looked at Ryan, and he had a satisfied grin on his face, "That was fucking hot, Mom. Hearing them talk about you like that... fuck.. I never knew my teammates jacked off to you and Ms. Avy like that..."
We couldn't leave until they were gone, so we ended up making out and kissing each other for the next half hour. Ryan ended up fingering me to another orgasm as his friends continued jacking off to their fantasies of me.
Once they were gone, we sneaked out of the shower, giggling like kids afraid to get caught. As I drove Ryan home, I remembered my promise to join Avy for her basketball coaching sessions.
'A Shower with the team, huh?' I thought to myself with a naughty smile as I realized I knew exactly how to motivate her team to victory!
Note: Read the following series as well to read about the other girls mentioned in this story. (Some of the events in the other series take place after this story - refer to the dates)
'Family Vegas Trip'
'Tamika'
'Megan'
'The Pastor's Daughter'
'Avy's series is also in the works'