It was a lovely day. Sunny and warm, but with a light breeze. I took the train to work, as I usually do, and read a book as I traveled across the city. I had a morning meeting, so I knew I couldn't dress casually; instead, I wore a tight-fitting top and a long, flowing skirt.
My morning meeting went exactly as I hoped it would - the client was pleased, and signed off on Phase 2 of the project. I knew this would most likely mean a bonus in the next couple of weeks, and I was feeling pretty buoyant.
I went to lunch with a colleague who was leaving at the end of the month, so we had a couple of champagne cocktails to celebrate over our extended lunch. Once I was back at work, the rest of the afternoon flew by. The boss left early for a meeting, and the rest of us decided to leave early, too.
I boarded the train to go home, and pulled the book out of my purse to pass the time. Because we left work early, the train was relatively empty - only a few other passengers scattered here and there. The walk to the train in the mid-afternoon sun was a little warmer than I was used to - I was grateful to the air-conditioning in the train, since I was just on the verge of overheating. To give my now glistening body a little more air, I casually lifted my skirt to the level of my knees, and was immediately rewarded by a slightly cooler temperature. My newly waxed kitty was starting to overheat, and the fresh air felt really nice. I spread my knees a little further apart to get a little more air-to-skin ratio.
I sat back to relax when I noticed you - two rows ahead. You had your phone in front of you, like you were looking at it, but you were holding it right between the seats. Although I couldn't see the screen, I was pretty sure you had it on camera mode, and you were watching me. I knew I should have dropped my skirt, since you were bound to have noticed my lack of panties by this point, but the impending bonus, champagne cocktails and early release from work had gone to my head. I didn't care. I figured, if you wanted to look, you could have at it.
But, I didn't want you to know that I knew. So, I quickly looked away, and picked up my book. But I started to slowly shift back and forth, gently, allowing my lips to brush against each other with each shift to the side. From over the top of my book, I watched you squirm a little in your seat. I loved it. I could have probably stuck my tongue out or crossed my eyes, and you wouldn't have noticed. You were so focused on my increasingly aroused pussy that I was sure you couldn't have told the police the color of my eyes if your life had depended on it.
I crossed one leg over the other, and squeezed my thighs together, while rocking my pelvis backward. To any casual observer, it would have looked like I was just shifting in my seat. But what you watched me do was press my lips against my clit, and the sensation sent shivers up my spine. My torso shuddered slightly as the feeling ran from my core all the way up my body. I uncrossed my legs, and rocked back and forth again. I peeked at you from above my book, and I could see that while one hand was holding your phone, it looked like the other one was on your lap. I smiled and looked down, not wanting you to catch me, catching you.
As I rocked back and forth, I could feel my pussy getting wetter and wetter. I knew that it must have been driving you crazy. I took my right hand off the book to flip the page. As I did, I subtly rubbed my forearm across my nipple, which made me inhale sharply. I saw your arm flex, reacting to my reaction. I crossed my other leg over, and squeezed my thighs together. I rocked slowly back in my seat, and as my lips pressed against my clit, flames shot through my body, making my nipples burn. I ached to touched them.
I glanced around - there was no one else left in this compartment, and I decided to give myself what I needed, and you the peep-show you were hoping for. I put my book down and reached my hand down the front of my shirt. I started rubbing my nipple and felt the sensation all the way down to my toes. My breath had been reduced to a shallow pant, and heart was racing. My head rolled back as my other hand went between my legs.
I slid my other hand up my thigh until it was right between my legs. My index and middle fingers slid easily inside me, and my inner walls immediately clenched around them. I moaned quietly as I rocked my pelvis forward, pushing my clit against the knuckle on my thumb. My back arched as my arm started to shake. My entire torso quivered as I rocked forward again, crashing my throbbing clit against the base of my thumb again and again. I pinched my nipple and felt my core instantaneously clench. I rocked forward one last time and my entire body froze in a full contraction. My thighs instinctively flexed and smashed together as waves of pleasure rolled through me. It felt amazing, but I knew you would want to watch. I spread my thighs wide, and slid my fingers out of me, letting my middle finger continue to lightly rub my clit. I felt my pussy continue to contract and expand, and I knew you could see my hole change back and forth from dark-and-open to closed-and-deep-red.
My heartbeat began to slow, and I was getting almost full-breaths into my lungs again. I sat up straight, and pushed my skirt back down. I picked my book back up and pretended to resume my reading. I peeked over the top of my book to see if you were still watching. You weren't. Your head was back and both hands were in your lap. I had a pretty good idea of what you were doing.
My stop was next, so I tossed my book in my purse, put my sunglasses on, and stood up to leave. You were still busy thinking about... Well, probably me, but your eyes were closed and your hands were busy in your lap as I slipped by. I was glad you didn't notice as I snuck past you, and I waited for the doors to open. They did, and I was just stepping onto the platform when I heard you say "Thank you."
I smiled as I walked away, and in my mind, I answered you.
You're welcome.