Author's note: This is pure fantasy, none of this happened all characters are eighteen or older.
Me and my sister are thick as thieves and have no problem doing things like confessing to each other or sharing embarrassing photos. But that would all change when she showed me the photo.
Now for context. I never really had a thing for any of my sisters friends. They were nice girls but a younger me was looking for physical beauty, not to mention my type. Skinny redhead with pale skin and freckles. But there was a friend of my sister's that matched that description. Her name was julie.
I had a huge crush on her when I was young and it kinda died out over time. Until one night my sister was going through her pictures with me and there was one of julie bent over and pulling her shirt down to reveal her bra, which was filled with stolen shots.
This wasn't anything big. I couldn't even see her breasts, but it was hot to me. The way she stood yelled "I'm a slut" and I could feel my dick getting hard.
Luckily I was laying belly down on my bed so my sister couldn't see. I did the quick adjust. Boys know what that means, but for girls it's when you shift your waist and swipe your hand down your leg to try and fix the boner.
I made a quick joke about her and her friends being whores and then we moved on. I honestly thought it would stop there but I forgot. My sister loves to fuck with me (figuratively).
The next day I was just chilling around the house when I got a text from a number I didn't know. When I opened it I gasped out loud.
It was a very naughty photo of julie pulling her shirt off to reveal her bra. I was so focused on the image I forgot about the text. It read 'Hey, elise told me you liked the silly photo on her phone'.
I was in shock. I thought it best to play dumb so I responded 'Who is this'. But that was too dumb. She responded with 'You know who I am. Don't play coy!'.
I didn't know what to do. So I just waited. She didn't text me for the rest of the day.
Then the following day arrived and it continued. She sent me a even naughtier photo. She wasn't wearing any shirt, top or bra, but had her arm cover her breasts.
I was instantly hard. She was teasing me. It was beginning to get cruel. Also dangerous for her. It was like she had no care if I leaked these to people. I said 'Alright, what do you want' thinking this was some trick on her's and elise's part.
She responded 'I'm just giving you what you like ;)'
I was getting confused. It seemed like she was sincere which lead me to think ^where is this going?^. The conversation ended there and we continued the week.
It all started sunday when I was shown the picture. Now, we were on Wednesday and she continued to crank things up.
She sent me a photo of her posing in a black string bikini. Again, I was hard and I came to a realization. If this was about something she would said something by now. I've got too much her for her to try and black mail me. She wants to do this!
I text her 'Ok I get it now, you like this. But why are you sending these to me?'
She replied 'cause you like them.'
I didn't know how to respond, so the conversation ended and we moved on to Thursday.
This time she sent the one I will treasure forever. It was a recreation of the picture that started this, but she was completely naked. Also the hands she used to pull her shirt down in the original photo were now pressing her breasts up. I could see everything and it became quite clear she was an exhibitionist of some sort.
I sent her 'jesus this is hot!' and she replied with something that shocked my world; 'wanna some of this'
For the hundredth time that week she had taken me completely by surprise. I answered without hesitation 'Yes!'
She replied 'My apartment, noon tomorrow!'
I replied 'Got it' and the conversion ended.