This happened one Saturday afternoon years ago when I came home with Jenny, my girlfriend at the time. My two roommates, Mike and Jeff, were watching a football game. Jenny and I had little interest in sports but we sat down to join them anyway. Jenny and my roommates had become pretty good friends at this point.
Of course it wasn't long before the TV camera focused on a particularly attractive cheerleader with a nice rack. Mike let out a bit of a whistle and Jeff sighed. Jenny read the reaction on my face as well before complaining about men's fascination with breasts.
She repeated her often-stated claim that it was unfair that the law allowed men to go topless while women could not. Jenny had perfect breasts, about medium-sized, impeccably shaped and well proportioned for her body. She was really proud of her breasts, although she was never one to flaunt them in public.
Mike pointed out that there was no law against her going topless in our apartment, to which Jeff agreed. I just laughed because I'd heard this conversation before.
"You are such a tease," I told her. "We all know you're not going to take your shirt off so why do you even bring it up?"
I knew this would bug her but frankly I was getting tired of hearing her complain about not being able to go topless, especially when she rarely even showed cleavage. I figured it was all talk.
Jenny replied that she would do it but she didn't think I could handle it.
"Oh I could handle it honey," I replied. "You've got great boobs but I've seen them before."
"That's not what I meant Mark," Jenny said. "I don't think you could handle it if your roommates saw them for real."
I told her that I thought she was using this as an excuse. This way she could throw out the idea as a tease but hold back and claim it's because of me.
"So you want me to take my shirt off?" Jenny asked.
"I didn't say I WANTED you to take your shirt off," I replied. "I just think you're being a tease and I'm tired of it. Look, if you want to go topless, take your shirt off. Otherwise, why bring it up?"
By now she was getting irritated. Frankly, I was surprised the discussion went this long, although we were both pretty stubborn and didn't like backing down. She certainly didn't like being called tease.
Jenny stood in front of me, grabbed the bottom of her sweater and declared, "Well if you want me to go topless, you go right ahead."
At this point I couldn't tell if she really wanted me to do it or she was just being spiteful. She probably expected me to back down but instead I stood up and reached for her sweater.
I hesitated while she clenched her jaw. I raised the sweater up a little bit before hesitating again. I paused to look at my roommates, who sat frozen on the couch.
"I knew you couldn't do it," Jenny said.
That really pissed me off. Before that comment I probably could've let the whole thing go as a joke but instead I raised the sweater up over her head and threw it onto the couch. I expected her to fight me on it and pull back, while she never thought I'd actually to go through with this.
We called each others' bluff and now Jenny was standing there in the living room in her jeans and bra. Her mouth hung open in a state of shock and I think we were all surprised it went this far. With the three of us guys practically drooling over her partially-naked body, Jenny's mouth closed and her expression turned to anger. She couldn't resist chiding me again.
"Well don't stop there," she declared. "What's the matter? You afraid of going through with it or don't you have the guts?"
I reached forward and cupped her breasts through her bra. Despite being angry, Jenny's nipples were rock hard and her breathing had changed. I grabbed the clasp but hesitated, waiting for her to back down.
"Fine, I'll do it," Jenny declared.
With that, she unhooked her bra and dropped it to the floor. She didn't even try to conceal her breasts with her hands.
"Are you happy now?" Jenny demanded. "You wanted me topless, now I'm topless. Everyone get a good look?"
She moved closer to my roommates, facing them. Cupping her breasts with her hands, she shook them slightly before releasing them.
"Is this what you wanted, Mark?" Jenny asked. "Your girlfriend on display? Some cheap thrills for your roommates?"
Mike and Jeff just sat on the couch, their eyes glued to Jenny's breasts. I was stunned as well and didn't know what to say.
"How about this, Mark?" Jenny asked. Is this what you had in mind?"
Jenny massaged her tits with her hands and gave them another shake.
"You have no right to be angry honey," I told her. "You're the one who said you wanted to go topless."
"Yeah well, you're the one who pulled off my sweater," she replied.
Jenny rubbed her fingertips over her nipples, which were now rock hard, and let out a little moan. At first she seemed really pissed off and embarrassed, although I think she was also enjoying the attention and the effect this was having on us.
It was a surprising turn-on to see my girlfriend half naked in front of my roommates, their eyes popping out of their skulls and mouths hanging open. I grabbed Jenny by the hand and tried to lead her to my room but she was having none of it.
"What's the matter Mark?" she asked. "You've got a problem with your roommates seeing my tits? Too late for that now."
This whole thing started out of spite because Jenny didn't like being called a tease, but now that's exactly what she was doing. She sat down on the couch between Mike and Jeff and asked me to fetch a round of beers from the kitchen.
When I returned, Jenny was again massaging her breasts. She held a beer bottle against her nipples and shuddered a bit. My roommates had obviously lost all interest in the game and were now focused on her chest. I sat across from them on the other couch.
Jenny kept caressing her breasts while all of us watched. She was clearly enjoying every moment, seeing how turned on we were, and knew she was totally in control. Jenny then got an idea and asked me to fetch a bucket of ice.
She then proceeded to rub her nipples with ice before commenting "gee, my nipples are soooo cold. Could you guys warm them up for me?"
Mike and Jeff hesitated, looking at me.
"What you looking at him for?" Jenny said. "They're MY breasts. Besides, he's the one who wanted me to go topless."
Mike and Jeff eagerly leaned in and they each took one of her nipples into their mouths. Jenny sighed before repeating this process, icing down her breasts and letting my roommates suck on them.
Whatever feelings of jealousy I had were overcome by feelings of pure lust.
After a few moments of this, Jenny came over and sat on my lap to let me suck on her tits as well. I was really horny and started groping her.
"You're such a tease," I whispered in her ear. "Come on, let's go to my room."
"I'm not a tease," Jenny countered. "Besides, you're the one who wanted your roommates to see me naked."
"You're not naked, you're topless," I replied. "Besides, this is a lot more than just putting your tits on display."
"So now you want me naked?" Jenny said out loud. "You want me completely naked in front of your friends, is that it?"
I didn't know what to make of this and couldn't tell if she was actually pissed off or just egging me on.
"I didn't say you should be naked, I just said you're only topless," I replied.
"Only topless? So that's not enough?" she asked. "You want me completely on display?"
I was at a loss for words. Jenny stood up, unhooked the top button of her jeans and dared me to remove them, declaring that I didn't have the guts.
I figured she was either being spiteful or she really wanted me to remove her jeans. Either way, I wasn't backing down. Besides, I was curious if she would really go through with this. I figured I had to call her bluff.
I pulled off Jenny's shoes and socks before reaching for her jeans. Without hesitating I unzipped her jeans and slowly slid them down. Jenny stepped out of her jeans and stood there in only her panties. Even as far as this had gone, I still expected her to back down at this point.
"Well don't stop there," Jenny declared. "What are you waiting for? Can't finish what you started?"
Now I was pissed off. I removed her panties and she was now totally naked. I reached out for her, but Jenny pulled away. I grabbed her hand and tried to drag her off to my room but Jenny had other ideas.
She paraded around in front of my roommates, giving them a good look at her body. Jenny turned away from my roommates and bent over to give them a good look at her ass. She then turned around and bent towards them with her tits dangling in front of their faces. Even a dead man would've been turned on by now.
"You still think I'm a tease?" Jenny asked me.
I was in a state of shock and couldn't answer. Jenny sat down between my two roommates and started kissing each of them in turn while they caressed her body with their hands and took turns sucking on her breasts. I'm not sure how long this went on for, maybe a minute.
Jenny then instructed my roommates and I to lie on the floor on our backs. She straddled my face for a few moments while I sucked on her pussy, then she rose and did the same with Mark and then Jeff. After a few rounds of this Jenny stayed on Mark's face, grinding herself against his mouth while he brought her to a climax.
She then instructed us to get out of our clothes. Jenny had Mike sit on the couch while she gave him a blowjob. It was an incredible turn on to see my girlfriend suck another man's dick and I soon started fucking her from behind. Neither of us lasted very long and Jenny was soon swallowing Mike's load while I came in her pussy.
Jenny had Jeff lay on the floor while she rode his cock with abandon. She would occasionally lean forward to let him suck on her tits.
After finishing with Jeff, Jenny wasn't satiated and she started sucking on Mike's dick to bring him back to life. When Mike was hard again, Jenny got on all fours and Mike fucked her from behind while I knelt in front of her with my dick in her mouth.
Soon Jenny was moaning and the vibrations of her mouth felt incredible against my dick. After Mike came I took his place and started fucking Jenny while she sucked on Jeff's dick to revive him.
We went at it like this for hours before stopping to rest and order some pizza. Jenny told us that she never intended things to get this far and had expected me to back down, although she certainly wasn't complaining. She also never thought it would be such a turn on to have three guys ogling her like that.
Jenny made my roommates and I promise we wouldn't tell anyone about this and we agreed out of respect for her. After we had all eaten and rested for a bit, she asked Mike to play a porno and of course he chose one that featured a woman taking on a group of guys.
Naturally this got us revved up again and we went at it for a few more hours. Jenny gave me an incredible blowjob while she straddled Mike's face and Jeff watched. Then she got on all fours with one of my roommates at each end, her tits swaying back and forth as Mike thrust into her and her mouth slid up and down Jeff's dick. She was clearly enjoying this and I was turned on all over again.
We all went to bed tired and sore. Jenny confided in me that she'd long had a gangbang fantasy but figured she would never have the guts to carry it out. She was glad it happened but told my roommates it probably wouldn't happen again.
As far as I know, my roommates never told anyone about what happened and they and Jenny became even closer friends as a result.
Jenny maintained that this whole thing started because of me, but I'm pretty sure I know otherwise.