Bryce watches his girlfriend with his stepmom
[All characters are 18 years or older.]
Slut-Wife Stepmom; Part-5
(Recap from Part-4)
Brenda could see that Tina was clearly intrigued by the idea of ass-fucking her boyfriend, and she replied, "Well if he's as much like his stepdad as he appears to be, I'm going to put my money onyes." She lifted up the vibrator, and added, "But you might want to start out with this."
Just then, Tina's phone chirped its text alert, and she had to look around to see where she had left it when they came upstairs. "It's Bryce," she said. "The tow truck didn't take as long as he thought, and he's on his way."
"So, what do you want to do when he gets here?" Brenda asked, sitting up cross-legged on the bed. "You want to take him into his room and fuck his brains out? Or are you slut enough to use the big bed here, and let me watch?"
"Just watch?" Tina said with a wide smile.
"Probably not for long," Brenda replied with her own smile.
(Part-5)
Brenda watched Tina as she lay on her back, idly playing with the hook-shaped dido that was still plugged into her cunt. She slid her fingers up and down its length and played with its pronounced realistic-looking-and-feeling cock-head. But she wasn't pulling, pushing, and twisting, as before; she wasn't trying to get herself off with it; she just seemed altogether fascinated with it.
Brenda smiled at the young girl, and said, "I enjoy being a girl, but sometimes I think it would be fun to have a cock for a change to see--to feel--how the other half lives.
Tina slid her fist up and down her pseudo-cock--giving her cunt a little stimulation, and replied, "Oh, yeah! I think that would be fun!"
"If you had one for a day, do you think you'd like to see Bryce take your stiff cock in his mouth? Or do you think that would make him a wimp or be gross or something?"
An image quickly formed in Tina's brain of her boyfriend on his knees, naked and in front of her with a stiff boner, and a grin spread across her lips. In her mind's eye, she was naked, too, and she stroked the length of her cock while Bryce sucked and lapped its fat mushroom head. "Oh, hell yeah! I think I'd like that!"
"What if it wasn'tyourcock, but some guys? Brenda asked.
The image in Tina's head changed slightly to where Bryce was still on his knees, but he now had his mouth around some unknown guy's cock--which was bigger than hers--while she stood behind the guy and stoked his boner as Bryce sucked on it.
"Yeah! I can't say I'd ever thought about watching guys suck cock before, but now I think that would be pretty hot!" Tina answered.
"I'm so glad you're such an open-minded girl!" Brenda said. "So, the question is, wouldhewant to do it?"
"It's not something that's ever come up in conversation," Tina said with a little laugh. "I don't know."
"Well, let's look at what wedoknow about him," Brenda suggested.
"Okay," Tina said with a smile. "I know that he likes eating hisowncum out of my freshly fucked pussy, so another guy's jism probably wouldn't put him off."
"And we know he's open-minded enough to let you fuck other people--including his own stepdad--so there's that," Brenda said. She decided not to mention that she had already gotten him to suck on her pussy-flavored rubber cock.
"Yeah! To fuck his dad while he watches and joins in!" Tina added with excitement. "Oh, and I pegged him up the ass with my finger, and he likedthat!"
Brenda nodded with a smile on her face, and said, "Yeah, given all that, I think there's a pretty good chance you could get him to at leasttrysucking cock."
Tina stroked her plug-in dildo as she looked at Brenda, and asked, "So, whose cock were you thinking that might be?" The unknown guy in her mental image suddenly became Bryce's stepdad, and the thought was so perverted, so taboo, and so fucking hot that it made her pussy leak around her dildo.
"Tom's," Brenda replied. "Tom's been bi since we've been married--a little before, actually. I think a four-way fuck-fest between us all would be mind-blowing!"
"Holy shit!" Tina said as a new image materialized in her brain of Tom on his back with his dick pointing straight up and being jerked and sucked by Bryce who was on his knees with his ass in the air. She was behind him onherknees and had her plug-in cock hooked into her cunt on one end and pushed up Bryce's tight little asshole on the other. Bryce stroked his drooling boner as she ass-fucked him. In front of her, Brenda was straddled over Tom's head, and giving herself a vigorous cunt-rubbing across his face. Tina had hold of Brenda's tits and was pulling on her stiff nipples.
All of that conjured in her brain in about two seconds, and as she tightened her grip on her cock to grind its other end into her cunt, she asked, "When did you say his dad was getting home?"

***

Bryce came in through the front door, found the kitchen empty, and then went out to the patio to look for Brenda and Tina. When he didn't find them, he went back inside and found a bath towel lying on the floor at the end of the hallway. At the foot of the stairs, he found a second one. As he went up the stairs he found Brenda's bikini bottoms, then her top, then Tina's one-piece all laid out like breadcrumbs leading him onward.
When he stepped into Brenda's and Tom's bedroom, he found Tina and Brenda naked and cuddling on the bed. Brenda looked up with feigned surprise, and then said to Tina in a facetious tone, "Oops! Looks like we've been caught. You think we should cover-up?"
"Nah!" Tina said. "Let's give him a show, instead."
Bryce laughed and said, "CanIbe part of the show?"
"Not, yet," Tina answered. "Why don't youget comfortable, sit down in the chair over there, and just watch."
Brenda gave Tina's naked body a light stroke from her neck, over her tits and onto her cute little ass, and added, "And if you can watch without beating off, we'll give you a special reward."
In a theatrical whisper, Tina asked her, "What's the reward?"
Brenda replied in kind, "I don't know, but I'll just bet we can think ofsomething!"
Moments later, Bryce was bare-ass naked and sitting in the chair with his hands under his legs and his boner standing straight out between his spread legs.
Brenda chuckled, and said to Tina, "He takes direction well!"
Tina replied, "There's alotof things he does well!"
As Bryce watched and his boner twitched, Tina rolled her naked body on top of Brenda's and gave her a long, loving kiss. She then inched her way down, kissing her neck, her chest, her tits, and finally stopping to spend a little time swirling her nipples with her tongue and sucking on the stiff nubs that stood up from their centers.
Brenda's legs were spread and Tina was kneeling between them while she supported her upper body on outstretched arms so she could move her head back and forth from one gorgeous tit to the other. As she moved her head, her cute, naked ass moved as well, and Bryce could see how wet her hairy pussy was. He dug his fingers into the underside of his legs to keep from grabbing his cock and jerking off. It throbbed on its own, though, and a drool of pre-cum oozed from his pee-hole and onto the wood floor.
With teasing slowness (for both Brenda and Bryce), Tina made her way down Brenda's abdomen with a stop to swirl her tongue around in her belly button. She kept crawling backward, getting her ass closer to Bryce, and made a conscious effort to spread her legs so he could see how wet she was.
He had already noticed that, of course, but now he could see that the wetness extended all the way up her ass-crack and even made her tiny little brown pucker glisten. He had stuck his finger up her asshole during their make-up sex the night before, and he naturally wanted to get a chance to stick his cock in that tight little hole, but it suddenly occurred to him that he wanted to push his tongue into that wrinkled little circle of flesh. The thought of holding her round little ass-cheeks with his hands as he pressed his face into her crack, and wiggled his tongue up her ass made his dick twitch and drool again.
Bryce was sitting at an angle to the two of them on the bed, and when Tina's face finally made it to Brenda's crotch, she moved her body to the side to make sure that her boyfriend would have a good view of her eating his stepmom's cunt. Brenda cooperated in that regard, too, spreading her legs farther and making sure that the one on Bryce's side was not blocking his view.
The shift made Bryce's view of his girlfriend's shimmering little rosebud disappear, but the open view of his stepmom's shaven pussy--drenched with her own juices--more than made up for it. And the anticipation of what he was about to watch his girlfriend do with that glistening snatch had his boner adding to the pool of pre-cum on the floor. He desperately wanted to catch his dick-drool, wipe it down the length of his cock and start beating off, but the promise of thatrewardkept his hands in check.
Tina moved her face close to Brenda's pussy, but she didn't make contact with it. Instead, she just looked at it closely, taking more time now to appreciate it than when Brenda had sat on her face on the patio.
One of the two striking differences between Brenda's and her own was that Brenda's pussy lips were bald; shaven clean. And she must have shaved just recently because there was virtually no stubble. Or maybe she waxed; Tina heard that that lasted longer.
The other thing was the open nature of Brenda's pussy with its thick, wavy, dark red--almost brown--labia on full display. Tina had to pull her pussy-lips apart and look in a mirror to see hers, which were smaller and pink in color. Did having her labia exposed to the air all the time make them darker? Did it make them less sensitive than her hidden, protected ones?
Studying Brenda's cunt-lips Tina noticed how the lips of her labia came together in a sort of protruding teardrop shape at the top. She realized that that would be the hood covering her clit.Wow!Tina had to hunt to find her little nub in the mirror; Brenda would have a hard timehidinghers!
As fascinated and anxious as she was to see if Brenda's clit looked like she envisioned it did when she had it in her mouth--which was like a tiny cock--she forced herself to resist the urge to pull the woman's pussy lips apart to look. She would continue with what she had planned ... but shewouldget back to that, later!
First, she blew a stream of cooling air all over Brenda's wet cunt, and smiled up at her. Brenda drew in a long breath at the tingling feeling, and smiled back, looking between her tits. Tina then lowered her face and finally made contact.
But it wasn't with Brenda's fat, wet--inviting--labia, but rather, it was a teasing run of her tongue along the bare skin where Brenda's right inner thigh ended but before her pussy mound began. Tina drew in a deep breath as she slowly lapped her tongue up the wide valley, tasting and smelling the intoxicating mixture of their mixed pussy juice and the light musk of Brenda's perspiration.
The act of licking so close to Brenda's pussy but not touching it was meant to be a close-but-no-cigar tease for both Brenda and Bryce, but the taste, the smell, the taboo nature of what she was doing--and the fact that Bryce was watching her do it--made Tina's pussy leak, as well.
She continued up and placed her mouth over Brenda's landing-strip patch of hair. It was about an inch wide and two inches long, and although the patch was neatly shaved around the edges, the hairs were never trimmed, and quite long. Tina sucked the tangle of hair up into her mouth and swished her tongue through it. The coarse snarl had captured far more of their mixed pussy juice than had remained on Brenda's skin, and Tina sucked to extract all that she could. Brenda moaned softly at that unusual tug on her pubic hair.
After an equalizing lick down Brenda's other leg crease, Tina centered her face and placed a soft kiss on her glistening labia. She then extended her tongue and ran a gentle lick from the very bottom of the open slit to the top where Tina knew Brenda's extraordinary clit was tucked away. She then lapped several more times, each with a little more force than the last, until her tongue was buried well within the folds of Brenda's cunt as it went from taint to clit.
Tina pulled her face back, giving Brenda's wet pussy lips another cooling blow as she did. Brenda let out a soft moan that was a combination of disappointment that her tongue was leaving her pussy, and a reaction to the stream of cooling air on her stimulated lips.
Smiling that she was obviously giving the more experienced woman pleasure, Tina took a moment to look over at Bryce. His hands were clutching the undersides of his spread legs, and his cock was bobbing as it stood straight out between them. She noticed that his cock-head was glistening with pre-cum, and then she noticed the small puddle of the clear fluid on the floor. Again, she smiled to see that she was able to get her boyfriend so aroused, and she wasn't even touchinghim!
"Can you see okay?" Tina asked him. "Could you see me lick your stepmom's lovely wet pussy?"
"Oh yeah!" he groaned as his boner lifted on its own, throbbed, and drooled a small stream of dick-juice onto the floor.
"Well, just wait 'til you see me suck her big fat clit!" she said. "You won't believe how big it is! It'snothinglike mine!"
He did know, of course, having sucked it himself, but he wisely didn't mention that. He thought it apparent that Brenda had not told Tina about their fuck session, and he wondered if and when that would come up. With Tina now having had her own girl-girl session with Brenda, he didn't think she should get mad about it.
"Do it, baby!" he told Tina. "I want to see you suck her fat clit! I want to watch you eat her whole cunt and make her blow her hot pussy-juice all over your pretty face!"
Brenda let out a little laugh, and said, "Oh, I like the way he thinks! Do it, sweetheart! Make me cum with your pretty little mouth!"
Tina smiled at the nasty encouragement from both of them, and reached up and put her hands on Brenda's pussy. She gently massaged the outer lips, and then pushed them together, causing Brenda's labia lips to protrude even more. She moved her fingers upward, and the applied force caused the tip of Brenda's clit to appear from within the teardrop. Tina blew on it, and Brenda cooed at the tingly feeling.
Tina then used her thumbs to pull Brenda's pussy lips apart at the same time she pushed down. The combination fully exposed Brenda's monstrous clit and caused it to bulge out at the same time.
"Damn!" Tina said with a little chuckle. "Itdoeslook like a tiny cock!"
"Suck it, sweetheart!" Brenda said, looking down between her tits at the girl's grinning face. "Take my little girl-cock in your mouth and give it a blowjob!"
Tina leaned in and first swirled her tongue over and around the wondrous protrusion. She then put her mouth over it and sucked it between her lips, while still flicking its diminutive cock-head with the tip of her tongue. Then she began to bob her head. It was only a fraction of an inch, but it caused the little dick to slip in and out between her lips, and caused Brenda to groan, "Oh, fuck, girl! You are going to make my hot fucking cunt explode! Shove your fingers up my hole and pull my orgasm right out of my guts! Shove your whole fucking fist up my cunt!"
As she lavished a miniature blowjob on Brenda's enormous and fascinating clit, Tina moved one hand so her fingers and thumb could keep her pussy-lips parted around it. She then slid her other hand down, and gently pushed two fingers up Brenda's cunt-hole. She pushed as deep as the knuckles of her other fingers would allow, and then she began to fuck them in and out.
"Oh, yeah, baby girl!" Brenda moaned. "Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Punch my hot fucking cunt while you suck my clit! Make me cum you hot little slut!"
A chill ran through Tina's body at Brenda's nasty, commanding words to her. Shewasa slut! And she fucking loved it! She had jerked off her pussy with her best friend watching her; she had sucked cock--and more than one; she had let two different guys fuck her--one of them bareback; she had swallowed mouthfuls of guy-cum; she had taken a finger up the ass--and wanted to feel a cock up there; she had had hot lesbian sex--outdoors--with her boyfriend's stepmom; and now she was eating her cunt in front of him. If she could possibly have known what cheating on Bryce was going to lead to, she'd have done it much earlier!
Brenda began to moan and pant at the thrashing that Tina was giving her pussy, and as her orgasm neared, she began squeezing and pulling up on her nipples.
As Brenda's cunt got wetter and wetter, and her moans turned into more of a high-pitched whine, Tina sucked all of Brenda's clit and a good deal of her pussy lips into her mouth and sucked hard while flicking her tongue over the fat little nub. At the same time, she folded her thumb and fingers together into one bundle, and she pushed her hand as deep into Brenda's cunt as she could get it--which was damned near all the way!
Tina may have been new to fisting, but Brenda was not, and she groaned "Oh, yeah, girl! Push it harder! Shove your whole fucking hand up my cunt! Stretch my goddamned pussy wide open you cunt-hungry little slut!"
Tina applied more pressure than she thought a pussy could ever take, but little by little, Brenda's cunt-hole stretched to accommodate it, and she suddenly found her hand fully inside Brenda's cunt with her pussy-lips closed around her wrist and a torrent of cum leaking out around it.
"Oh, fuck! Do my g-spot, baby-girl!" Brenda moaned.
Tina turned her hand and was able to find the nub and squeezed it with her finger and thumb.
"Holy fucking shit!" Brenda growled as her cunt contracted around Tina's hand and forced another strong gush of cum out around her wrist.
After several intense gushes, Brenda came down off of her orgasm-high, and as her body began to realize how it was being abused, she panted, "Okay, baby-girl, take it out. That was fucking awesome!"
Tina slowly withdrew her hand, watching in fascination as Brenda's pussy-lips stretched and rolled outward hugging tightly to her glistening fist.
When her hand was free, and Brenda's pussy had closed up almost as if it had not been invaded, Tina leaned down and gave the wet flowery lips a passionate kiss.
Tina had been so focused on Brenda's extraordinary pussy and clit that it was only when Bryce spoke that she remembered he was watching her fist his stepmom while she sucked her cunt.
"Holy fucking hell, you two!" he groaned. "I don't know what you had in mind for areward, but my cock is about ready to fucking reward itself over here all by itself!"
They looked over at him and saw him with his fingers dug into the undersides of his spread legs, a grim look on his face, and his drooling boner sticking straight out and twitching.
Brenda chuckled, and said, "A deal is a deal. It doesn't look like hisrewardis going to last very long, but maybe we can make that up to him later on."
Ignoring the wet spot on the floor, the two women were soon on their knees between his legs. Looking at his throbbing boner, Brenda said, "He's done such a good job managing to watch our little show without touching his dick, what do you say that we keep that up and not useourhands, either?"
Tina leaned in and took Bryce's engorged and slimy cock-head into his mouth, closing her lips around its ridge and washing it with her tongue. At the same time, Brenda began lapping, kissing, and sucking up and down the left side of the rest of his cock.
As Brenda was lapping at the root of his dick, Tina leaned in and filled her mouth to the back of her throat with his dick. Brenda moved and kissed and licked Tina's spread lips as they sucked tightly around the cock. Bryce groaned and his dick throbbed a squirt of pre-cum into his girlfriend's mouth.
Tina repeated the bob and kiss one more time, then Brenda said, "Switch?"
Brenda took Bryce's knob in her mouth and tongue-poked his pee-hole while Tina licked the right side of his cock. Brenda then leaned in to meet Tina's lips, but after a short kiss around Bryce's dick, she kept pushing forward, until Tina had to abandon the disappearing cock as she watched Brenda's lips go all the way to Bryce's pubic hair as his fat boner went down her throat.
Brenda held herself there--fully throat-fucked--and shook her head a little.
Tina said, "Holy crap!" with a wide smile, and then reached under and put her hand around Brenda's throat to feel the bulge that her boyfriend's cock was making there.
Although technically it remained a hands-free blowjob, the feel of his girlfriend's squeeze added to the amazing feeling of having his cock shoved down his stepmom's throat, and it lit the very short fuse on the massive build-up of cum that his balls had generated while watching his girlfriend eat his stepmom's cunt.
"Oh, fuck, I'm cumming!" Bryce groaned as he dug his fingers even harder into his legs.
But Brenda had felt the unmistakable pre-eruption throb of his cock in her throat and was already moving back.
She pulled Tina's face over, cheek to cheek with hers, and the two began lapping, kissing, and sucking Bryce's fat cock-head as their lips touched side by side. They both got the idea to stick their tongues out and rub his little knob cleft at the same time and were immediately rewarded with a grunt from Bryce, a throb of his cock-head, and a forceful, stream of hot cum.
Bryce's first spew of jism forced its way between their touching cheeks, and then the two women made a game of pushing his squirting cock-head around and back and forth with their lips and tongues while it spurted rope after rope of hot, thick splooge all over their faces.
When Bryce's cock finally stopped squirting, each of the women took a turn sucking a bit more cum from it, and then went into a face-lapping, tongue-sucking, kiss while he flopped back in the chair and tried to catch his breath with his mouth wide open.
Still sufficiently covered in his cum, the women got up, took turns rubbing their faces across Bryce's mouth, and kissed him individually and together.
With her face glistening with Bryce's cum and saliva, and her crotch and ass soaked with her own pussy-juice, Brenda stood up, and said, "I think showers are in order."

***

Although the shower in theen suitemaster bath was large enough to accommodate all three comfortably (Tom and Brenda had had it remodeled to have room for six or eight swap-party guests at a time) Brenda led the two youngsters downstairs and out onto the patio to use the pool-side outdoor shower. Having just the single wall where the showerhead came out, it would leave them all naked in the wide-open outdoors. Earlier in the evening, that idea had shocked Tina a little; now it excited her.
Brenda left the main lights off, and turned on the pool light and the tiny accent lights on the bushes, giving the area a soft glow as Bryce adjusted the water.
They all clustered under the spray in a group-hug and three-way kiss. Taking turns with the bar of soap, the two kids then worked together to wash every square inch of Brenda's naked, wet body.
Each of them had had their separate turns caressing and fondling the various parts of her anatomy, but this was completely different. Their slippery hands roamed over every inch of her flesh, from her throat down over her breasts; across her back and down over her ass; from her feet up her legs to her crotch and all over her pussy. Then it was Tina's turn, and Brenda and Bryce washed her just as thoroughly and erotically.
When it was Bryce's turn to be washed, the two women soaped his chest, his arms, his stomach, his legs, and even his balls, but they teasingly avoided touching his rigid boner.
Satisfied that his front was clean, Brenda told him to put his hands against the wall and lean into it so they could wash his back.
Four hands started at his shoulders and worked downward making forceful little circles down and across his back. They washed and kneaded his ass-cheeks, and then continued down his legs. When they came back up the insides of his legs, Brenda stopped to give his balls a gentle, soapy massage, and Tina wedged the edge of her hand up through his ass-crack. He responded by spreading his feet farther apart to give each of them more access.
As he stood spread-eagle leaning against the wall with the warm water spraying onto his head, Tina sawed the side of her hand across his tight little sphincter washing it more thoroughly and aggressively than he ever had himself. He let out a low moan, and bent over and spread a little farther.
At the same time, Brenda squatted down and moved around in front of him. With his boner dripping water and sticking out over her shoulder, she reached her arms around him, put her hands on his ass-cheeks, and pulled them apart.
Tina removed her hand--to Bryce's disappointment--and as she let the water rinse the soap away, she squatted down, too. She then did something that she would have never in a million years thought she would; she pressed her face into her boyfriend's ass-crack, and pushed her tongue into his puckered little asshole.
"Oh, fuck!" Bryce groaned and bent over farther, yet.
"Well, look at you go, you nasty little slut!" Brenda said happily. She had expected that Tina would react to her spreading her boyfriend's ass-cheeks by sticking a soapy finger--or two--up his ass. This wasmuchbetter! Brenda quickly moved her head and took Bryce's cock in her mouth sucking and bobbing as the water cascaded down over her.
Suddenly, they heard a man's voice from the patio door exclaim, "Holy shit!"
They all spun their heads around to see Bryce's stepdad standing there wide-eyed.
Caught by surprise, Bryce reacted by grabbing Tina and hiding her naked body behind his while he tried to cover his boner with his other hand.
Brenda stood up and stepped out of the water. "Hi, sweetheart. You're home early," she said with a smile as she walked toward him.
"Not early enough," he said. "I probably missed the reason that you allneeda shower."
"True," Brenda said, and then kissed him. "But the night is young." She turned to look at Tina and Bryce, and added, "And so are they."
The two had managed to recover from the initial shock of being discovered--Tina with her face pressed into her boyfriend's ass and wiggling her tongue in his asshole--and Bryce with his cock in his stepmom's mouth--and had stepped out from under the water, as well. With a softened dick, Bryce stood facing his stepdad, holding Tina to his side. She was tucked into him so that her crotch and her tits were pressed against him, and the way that she had her arm around his chest covered the one tit that would have still been exposed.
"Hi, Dad," Bryce said a bit sheepishly. "Welcome home."
"Hi, Mr. H," Tina said with an embarrassed smile.
Considering that Bryce had told his girlfriend that he'd be okay watching his stepdad fuck her, and that Tina had imagined her boyfriend giving the older man a blowjob while she pegged his ass with a double-ended dildo, just standing in front of him naked was remarkably awkward.
Bryce reached over to turn off the shower, but Tom said, "Leave it on; I could use a shower, myself if the three of you don't mind me joining you."
A minute later, with Brenda's help, Tom had all of his clothes off and the four of them crowded under the showerhead, their naked, wet bodies touching one another.
Brenda easily sensed Bryce's unease. By his own admission, the boy had had only a little experience with women; she was sure he had none with men. But this was not the first time that she had been in a bisexual-matchmaker position, and she enjoyed the challenge of breaking through that layer of awkward ice.
As Tom ran his soapy hands over Tina's smooth, naked back, Brenda said to Bryce, "Why don't you wash your dad's back? He's probably tense from that long flight; I'm sure he could use a nice firm rubdown."
Bryce lathered up his hands and began rubbing Tom's shoulders and neck, applying kneading pressure with his fingers and thumbs. Tom rolled his head around and moaned, "Oh, man! That feels good!"
Curious, Tina looked over her shoulder to see what she was missing. Seeing her boyfriend rubbing his dad's neck from behind, she turned around and began doing the same from the front. As she rubbed her hands up the sides of his neck, then across his shoulders and onto his chest, he followed suit on her and was soon fondling her perky, youthful tits with his soapy hands.
Looking over Tom's shoulder at him sliding his hands over his girlfriend's diminutive tits, and pulling lightly on her stiffened nipples brought Bryce's resurrecting boner back to full erection, and he backed away slightly so that it wasn't rubbing his dad's ass.
But Brenda intervened, and after giving Bryce's dick a few soapy strokes, she pushed on his ass, and forced him forward, so that his cock slid upward along his dad's ass-crack and was neatly cradled there.
Tom rocked his hips a few times indicating he was comfortable with the arrangement, and then Bryce humped a few times, as well, as he wrapped his arms around his stepdad. He found Tina's hands as they washed the older man's firm stomach, and joined her as he pulled himself tighter against his ass.
With his boner sandwiched tightly between Tom's back and his own belly, Bryce rotated his hips and mashed his balls against his stepdad's slippery ass-cheeks. At the same time, both he and Tina were lowering their hands, until twenty fingers were washing Tom's tangle of pubic hair.
Fueled by the insanely taboo mental image she had conjured earlier, Tina put her hands over Bryce's, moved them down, and wrapped them around the root of his dad's erection. When he made no attempt to pull away, she slid his double-fisted grip along the length of the engorged cock. She then smiled up at her boyfriend and pushed his fists up and back.
Not in his wildest and most perverted jerk-off fantasies had he ever imagined himself humping another guy's naked ass while he had his arms around him and stroked the guy's boner. Even if he had managed to throw Tina into the fantasy, it would never have occurred to him that this could be so arousing.
Tina let go of Bryce's hands and was happy to see him continue stroking his dad's cock on his own. She moved to the side a bit, letting the shower water rinse the soap from Tom's dick, and then moved back and took the elder's cock-head in her mouth while her boyfriend held its base.
Looking around Tom's body and down at his girlfriend with a fat cock in her mouth--hisstepdad's--Bryce groaned, "Oh fuck!" He began stroking the exposed boner, and told Tina, "Suck it, baby! Suck my dad's fat cock while I jerk him off right into your mouth!"
Brenda almost laughed at how quickly Bryce had obviously gotten over any lingering inhibitions about guy-guy sex, about incest, or about sharing his girlfriend. He was easily as open-minded and perverted as she and Tom were. And, obviously, Tine made a perfect match for him.
Brenda moved under the spray with the others, stood behind Tina, and put her naked legs up behind the girl's head. She looked over Tom's shoulder at Bryce, and said, "Hump your dad's ass! Rub your cock up and down his ass-crack and make him fuck your girlfriend's slutty little mouth!"
The command was met by three different moans and then all four of them began a coordination of motions that resulted in Tom's cock erupting into Tina's sucking mouth about a minute later.
When Tom finally slipped the sensitized knob of his dick from Tina's lips, Brenda pulled the girl to her feet and they all went into a four-way cum-swap.
As Tom sat down heavily on one of the lounge chairs to catch his breath, Brenda turned off the water, then picked up towels and tossed them to everyone.
While drying her tits, she said, "I think the party needs a change of venue. Let's all go up to our bedroom and see where the night goes." She looked at Tina, and asked, "Do you have to be home at a certain time?"
"Yeah," she answered. She then added with a little chuckle, "But if you call and say that you and Mr. H. are home to chaperone, they'll probably let me sleep over."
(continued)
Please take a moment to leave a rating and maybe a comment!
You can also send me a personal note, directly to my Literotica email, by clicking the "Send Feedback" tab below. I'd love to hear from you!
Thanks!
Love,
Casey