Football Sunday!
Or as I usually saw it, an opportunity for Evan to lounge around for seven hours in his pajamas, drinking beer. But this particular Sunday had some added attractions.
Three of Evan's executive team from work had accepted an offer to watch the games together at our house. Sort of a bonding experience for Neanderthals. Evan asked me to just help out in the hostess department and deliver snacks and more beer.
Now I readily agreed to help out but this was a lot of cock for one girl to pass up in the name of hospitality. I decided, however, that I should make a good impression. He was a brand spanking new VP after all.
Evan asked me to make them comfortable and I thought looking good was an important first step in my comfort presentation. Tight, lightweight, low cut, powder blue sweater. Short black skirt. White lace thigh highs. Heels. This would be my initial look and I could make adjustments as necessary. It would be like a fall runway show and I dubbed it, Subtly Slutty.
I decided the boys wouldn't mind occasionally having something nice to look at after all the controlled blood, guts and testosterone on the TV. Personally, during a game I couldn't tell the difference between the game and when an actual fight broke out.
I gave a thought to putting on the old cheerleader outfit but it just seemed so obvious. Some of the actual pro team cheerleaders were really hot but the camera shots were so brief what was the point? There must be a cheerleader channel.
When Evan watched me getting dressed he said, "I wonder, with you in the room, if any of the guys will even notice if the TV's on or off."
"Do you mind if I look sexy good for them? It's your thing."
He put his arms around me, "Mind? I love it. I want you to have fun too. You know how much I get off on men looking you over."
"Yes, I've noticed."
It was nearly noon and the guys would be arriving for the pregame show. We had all the finger food laid out and the glassware lined up so there was nothing left to do except plot my entrance. We both realized that I'd never been to Evan's office so, other than Mr. Johnson, no one knew what I looked like.
I stayed upstairs pretending to do some last minute primping until Evan greeted the last guy and then I heard him say, "Make yourselves at home, my wife will be down in a minute."
I counted to ten and came down the staircase in the slinkiest way possible. "Hi guys," I cooed about halfway down. One of them murmured but caught himself, "Holy shi..." It was a theatrical but effective entrance.
"This is my wife, Chrissy," they all stood up in a receiving line. "Chrissy, this is Andrew, Phillip and Terry."
To introduce my backside I sashayed out to the kitchen to get an imaginary something. It was hard to hear their comments over the TV cacophony but I heard one of them say, "Your wife, wow." For most of it I'd have to rely on Evan's memory later.
It was Terry who came out to the kitchen, "Evan asked for the blue and white tray for the chip dip." I started to complain about his laziness when it dawned on me what he was doing.
The tray was on the top shelf of the cupboard but I would have to reach way up for it. I got a step stool and asked Terry if he would hold me so I didn't fall. While he stood behind me holding my waist I struggled to get it down. I could feel my skirt inch up, offering a glimpse of my white panties. There was no way he missed that eye level show.
"I've got you, go slow," he said, holding on to me. I looked down at him and he had that Cheshire Cat grin that Evan got when he was really enjoying himself. He was staring at my ass and legs.
When I finally got ahold of the tray he helped me down. I pretended to lose my footing on the last step and he caught me and we were suddenly nose to nose, his arms around me.
"Sorry, Terry, I'm so clumsy."
"Believe me," he said smiling, "it's a happy accident."
"Maybe it won't be the last happy accident," I said, letting the obvious flirtation dangle there.
Into the living room I asked Evan where he wanted the tray. "Oh, just set it over there on the table," and he winked at me. Evan's deviousness was truly remarkable.
Evan sat on the left of the TV, our guests sat on the big sofa in the middle and I sat on the right, partially facing the guys. That way their sight line covered the TV AND my legs. Now I know you're thinking, what an attention whore, but hey, everybody's got their own brand of self satisfaction. I take complete ownership.
The boys split their time between watching the game and me. I would do little flirty things, adjusting my skirt, running my hand down my leg, tossing my hair back. I was having so much fun watching their pant pup tent poles slowly erect.
At the end of the first quarter, Evan asked Andrew about a particular pass interference call and Andrew didn't remember it.
"What's wrong with you, buddy? Aren't you paying attention?" teased Evan.
"I'm trying to," he said, almost distressed.
Evan and I exchanged knowing looks.
I went upstairs, removed the sweater, offed the bra and put on a mock football jersey shirt with a completely nude midriff. The only thing holding that shirt to attention were my perky tits.
Can I get anyone anything from the kitchen, beer, more chips?" I asked.
Andrew jumped up, "I'd be glad to help!"
"Sure, follow me." Again I enhanced his rear view.
I took down a bottle of wine and complained, "I always have a hard time opening these bottles." As i say this I'm stroking the bottleneck ever so subtly. "Would you mind? Maybe you can pop my cork." The last double entendre was definitely not subtle and as he took the bottle I inadvertently/intentionally brushed against the front of his trousers, grazing his burgeoning hard-on.
He moved along as if nothing happened but the look on his face said otherwise.
Evan from the living room, "Andrew, you're missing the game!"
"I'm coming!" he responded.
"I wish," I said, barely loud enough for him to hear it. I leaned back against the counter, crossed my legs and lifted one side of the jersey, showing him my breast.
He now looked at me like I was legitimately on the menu. "What about your husband?"
"He likes it when other men play with me...you want to don't you?"
"Hell yes but I don't want to lose my job."
I called out, "Evan, can you come in here?"
Andrew was frantic, "What are you doing?!?"
Evan waltzed in, happy as usual, "What's up, wifey of mine?"
"I graciously invited our guest to take advantage of me but he's all worried that you'll have him fired if he does."
Andrew was scrambling around, "Excuse me, it's just a mistake. I didn't mean..."
"What is this, Andrew? My Chrissy's not good enough for you to fuck?"
Clearly the confusion was getting the best of Andrew's brain, "No, no, no, she's gorgeous..."
"Then drop your pants and fuck the little slut. She'll, be happy and that makes me happy."
Evan left the room and a still confused but liberated, Andrew, lifted my shirt off and unbuckled his pants. "I have no idea what's going on but you're fucking hot, Chrissy." He unzipped my skirt, put my back on the kitchen table and drilled my wet 'n ready pussy.
I can only imagine what it sounded like out in the living room but the table rattled each time he hit me. He sucked my tits and used his meaty cock to put a smile on my face. "I'm your slut, baby, pound me hard."
And he did.
"I can't believe this," he kept saying as he's screwing the hell out of me. I came twice. Once bending over the table and once on my back. "Uhhhhnnnnn, Andy, yes!"
He shot his spunk all over my tits while the sounds of the game drowned out most of our interaction. As if the stadium was cheering his accomplishments.
Amazingly, after pulling up his pants he handed me a wet paper towel like some sort of Sir Fuckalot tending to his freshly fucked fair maiden.
Evan told me later that when he came back to the game Andrew had a grin from ear to ear and his shirt tail hanging out. His compatriots seemed like they could smell sex on him. That was Evan's interpretation anyway.
I went upstairs to change into an actual football jersey a friend had given me, this one oversized on me to the point that it looked like a short dress, coming down just below my crotch. You'd think that the kitchen fuck would have satisfied my craving but there were two more interested cocks on the couch and I wanted them to have me.
When I came down Andrew was sitting in the chair I had been in and the other two were at either end of the couch, leaving room between them. All eyes were on me as I sat down. They had knocked down a few beers by then so decorum was pretty much out the door.
Watching the game with them I absentmindedly began to play with myself. Their bulges were commanded to stand at attention and salute. Then they squirmed here and there, trying their best not to look or, god forbid, say anything.
Phillip kept drinking more beer.
After awhile Evan finally put an end to their torture. Muting the TV, "Boys, pardon the interruption but I'm aware that my wife's exhibitionist antics might be somewhat of a painful distraction. You can't help but want to get into her pants and, as Andrew found out in the kitchen just now, it can be quite pleasurable."
"Thank you dear," I chimed in.
They both looked at Andrew and he smiled and shrugged his shoulders.
"I thought something was..." said Phillip.
"What I'm saying is you have my official blessing to fuck my wife. In fact, watching you guys bang Chrissy has got to be better than this miserable game we're losing."
"You mean right now?" said a stunned Phillip.
"If you want her, take her."
There was an initial moment of shock, looking at each other in disbelief, then back to me. To help them along I stood up and pulled off the jersey and delicately slipped off my panties. "Wanna play?" I asked. After one more visual check in with Evan and his nod, Terry and Phillip hastily stripped down.
In nothing more than the decorative stockings and heels I said, "I need to suck some cock," and went to my knees to do the job. It all happened quickly as they were urgently jamming their junk down my throat and copious amounts of saliva fell from my mouth.
Andrew's dick came back to life and he joined the party.
Now I was in the middle of a full on gangbang and loving it. Terry took charge and had me kneeling on the couch facing the back so he could easily fuck me doggy while the other two went around the back and had me sucking their dicks. Terry was a beast, slapping my buttocks as he fucked me with his rock hard pole.
Given a green light to dominate me, Terry started a mid-fuck conversation with Evan about what I liked. It was a little weird but oddly a turn on too. "You know, she likes to be fucked in the ass. Rim her hole and she's open all night," Evan chuckled.
Going down on my asshole, Terry set the process in motion and I felt the orgasm building. I exploded when he planted the head of his cock, my juices flowing out onto the couch. Fifteen minutes earlier Terry would never have talked to Evan like that about me. But now, "I can't believe you're married to her. She can really fuck."
"Yes she can, my friend," said Evan, jerking off watching them use me.
"Don't be a hog, Terry, I want some of that," said an impatient Phillip.
"Here you go, pal," said Terry. With his dick still in my ass, he flipped both of us so I was on top and my pussy was wide open for Phillip. I had them fucking me in tandem and Andrew climbing over the sofa and filling my mouth.
All my senses were on overload, my body churning out orgasms. I heard the clicks and realized Evan was taking pictures. "Oh, Chrissy, you look magnificent," he said. Then the phone camera stopped clicking and I looked up and Evan had crawled over the sofa back opposite of Andrew holding his cock out to me. Now I was sucking two cocks.
The Chrissy hotel was full.
"Oh fuck, I'm going to cum," announced Andrew.
Evan, the consummate host, "We can always clean the furniture."
"Ooohhhh, fuuucck," and Andrew emptied his load on my face. Evan had his phone in hand and reeled off a couple shots of the cum running down my cheek and chin. "Oh babe, that's hot."
Andrew, already two orgasms to the good, dressed and sat down to enjoy the rest of the show.
"Finish me off, dear." Evan grabbed my hair and drove his cock back and forth hitting my throat until he too blasted his spunk on my face. "Oh, ya, honey, that's my girl."
More pictures.
A crazy nonsensical thought crossed my mind. Was Evan going to use these photos like trading cards with somebody in another country? 'Here's a shot of my wife getting nailed by me and three other guys in my living room. What have you got?'
Phillip's face told me he was about to cum. "Fill my pussy, baby. Fuck me and fill my pussy.' Dirty talk did the trick. His eyes rolled up into his head.
"Take my cum you fucking slut!" he grunted, held onto my tits and let loose his warm cum into my body which got me off again. I shuddered and my waist arched and the ecstasy ran through me.
More pictures.
Phillip dismounted and left Terry still hammering away at my asshole. He turned me over to get more leverage as his cock swelled. "Uhhhhhhnnnnnn, fuuuuucccccckkkkkk!!!!," he cried out as his jizz exploded in my ass.
He and I fell over onto the couch after the release. He looked like he was on cloud nine. "God, Chrissy, you were incredible," he said. "This is the best football Sunday ever. Can we come next Sunday?"
We were all laughing. Andrew went to the kitchen and bought me a warm dishcloth.
"No offense, Evan," he continued, "but I mean if Chrissy's going to be here."
"You fucking animals! You just gangbanged my wife!" Evan said jokingly. "And now you want more? What do you think, honey?"
Still wiping away the cum, "I loved, loved serving you boys and you're welcome in my pussy anytime."
Since I was still naked I got up to get my robe, plus I was leaking their cum and had to tend to that. When I returned they were gone. Evan was back watching football.
"What happened to my fans?"
"I offered to let them hang with us longer but they all had places to be so they left together. One note though, Terry lingered a few more minutes at the door. He said he knew it was a weird thing to ask but could he see you again without the other guys?"
"And you said?"
"I said I understood completely and, yes, but I wanted to watch. He was excited as hell and said he couldn't wait and me being there was not a problem. I don't know how you feel about that but I want you to fuck him again. It will give me a lot of gravitas in the office. I said maybe next week."
"You don't have to tell me twice, I liked him. Now I need to ask you a favor."
"What, my lovely?"
"Would you take Janey and I dogging tomorrow night?"
"Wow, I would have thought you'd needed a break after today."
"I don't need a break from cock. I just want more. Besides, Janey and I haven't been out in awhile."
"Sure. I'll chaperone you two. Love to watch you take it on the car hood."
I called Janey and told her we were on but she sounded subdued so I put my therapist hat on. "What's up, girl? What's going on?"
"It's Dave. He's treating me like I'm damaged goods. He's so distant and last week he didn't come home at all one night."
"Is it about the dogging?"
"Probably but he won't talk. He's sullen."
"Wasn't he the one who asked you to do it?"
"Yes"
"And now he's punishing you for liking it."
"I guess so..."
"Fucking asshole. Would you mind if I had Evan talk to him?"
"Sure, I guess. I thought he liked all the sex adventure."
"You know, Janey, men are like children. They finally get the toy they're all excited about and a month later the toy is sitting in the corner and they're onto something else."
***
The three of us set sail for the dogging park right after dusk the following night and Evan apparently was still excited with the toy. "So, ladies, somebody gonna take some cock tonight? The way you two look I don't think there'll be a problem."
Simple but provocative and staying with the football theme I wore the football shirt with the cutoff midriff, short shorts with deck shoes. No panties and no bra. Easy and quick access to the end zone.
Janey wore pretty much the same idea.
For some reason I noticed Evan's eye for Janey and even though he had endlessly expressed his love for me I couldn't help having a pinch of insecurity in light of the Dave story. But so what if he had a little thing for Janey, Evan had in me the girl of his dreams and we both knew it. I was the sub to his dom and it didn't fit together much better than that.
Proving something to myself I suggested that Evan and Janey get it on in the back seat and I attract doggers alone in the front.
"Are you sure, baby?"
"My husband and my best friend? Absolutely." And taking a page from Evan's playbook, "This should be fun to watch."
They relocated to the back and immediately locked lips, their tongues pleasing one another. Watching them I started fingering myself. Assuming the show was starting I reached up and flicked the dome light off and on a few times.
There were a couple other shows going on but the park was unusually busy and It took mere minutes before we had an interested audience. By then Evan had gotten Janey's shorts off and gone down on her. He had two fingers in her cunt and his tongue working her clit. Janey closed her eyes and let it wash over her.
I had the window open about an inch and a guy said, "Hey, pretty girl, your friend's getting it on. How about I take care of you?" I smiled and said, "Ya, I bet you'd like to get between my legs you nasty boy."
"C'mon, baby doll, take the window down farther and suck my big cock."
"Prove it," I challenged him, expecting some false bravado. But the surprise was mine as he whipped out a huge cock that was impressive even at half mast. I took one quick glance at Janey now riding Evan and turned back to my new friend's rod, getting bigger as he stroked it.
I definitely wanted him to stretch my pussy with that thing but played hard to get. I lowered the window more and he shoved it through the opening and I carefully put him in my mouth but barely. It was all I could do to get much of it down.
I took it as far as I could before having to come up for air. "It's fucking huge!" I blurted out. It wasn't just the length but the width that made it so hard to accommodate.
"But wouldn't it feel good in your hot box?"
I thought absofuckinglutely but I said, playing with him, "You might kill me with that thing."
"It would be worth prison time to fuck a pretty girl like you," he said laughing.
I stopped fooling around and opened the door, pulled off my shorts, got on my knees and offered my shapely backside to him. I was wet as could be and ready for a good fuck.
"Mmmmmmmm. Nice, very nice," he said. With one hand on my hip he guided his pipe wrench into my hole. It stretched me to the limit and I involuntarily gasped. Once inside and pulling on my hips he began a gentle stroke to get me used to it. I gasped several more times as the overwhelming girth triggered a sudden orgasm. I was delirious and lightheaded as my torso tensed and the joy rushed through my body, his monster cock now coming with more confidence. "Ahhhhhhhh, fuuuucccckkk, uhhh," I came again.
"Like it, pretty girl?" he said, ramming my buttocks. I held tightly onto the stick shift to stop from slipping off the seat. He roared like a lion, withdrew and left his deposit on my ass.
Thinking I could readjust myself, as I started to get up a hand pushed me back down and I was penetrated again. I craned my neck to see who it was and saw a familiar face.
"I was hoping you'd be here," said the park maintenance guy from the other day. I didn't see any point in empty greetings so I just let him have me.
As he was fucking me he started talking like it was kind of a twisted confessional. His monologue was punctuated by grunts and groans. "I lost my job. Turns out somebody filmed me fucking you and sent it to my boss. I never saw anyone but they sure saw me. I don't give a damn. It was worth it. I can find another job but it's harder finding hot pussy like yours."
A second later he shot his cum on my back. As he left, and before I could move, there was another cock in me.
"How's it going up there?" Evan asked from the back seat.
I was getting pounded so hard I could barely talk. "Hope you enjoy the view."
Looking towards the driver side window Janey had a lineup of her own. She was braced against the door frame and we faced one another. There was something very erotic about watching each other get reamed out by a parade of nameless men. I reached over and took her hand.
A guy banging Janey reached in and twisted her nipple until she sounded a high pitch squeal. The look on her face revealed a juicy orgasm followed by her dogger's creamy cum on her back. He turned to the guy behind him, "Bitch likes a little pain."
Some of the first timers, recharged and came back for seconds. Evan got his rocks off watching his girls get used like sex dolls.
Raw and crude, we fucked and sucked most of the park doggers for the large part of an hour before we simply wore out and headed home.
We were all quiet on the way home but after we dropped Janey off I broke the silence. "Ev, did you talk to Dave?"
"Yup"
"So why is he ignoring Janey?"
"Well, it took a couple of brews to open him up but he told me he was pumped when Janey finally agreed to go dogging. He wanted her to step out of her shell, get sexy, have some fun, be an exciting wife. 'You know, like Chrissy,' he said."
"Me?"
"Yup. But he didn't expect her to 'like it so much'. Now he thinks she's a big freak and he's turned off by the pleasure she's getting out of it and thinks she's just a cheap slut."
"Oh, for fuck's sake! He talks her into something she has no obvious interest in. He initially likes her willingness but is soon offended, deciding she likes it too much. Now he thinks she's morally off the rails and wants to put her back in the Pandora's box he opened. Men are so fucking stupid it's painful to watch sometimes. She tried to please him and now he's punishing her for it? What did you say when he told you this?"
"Pretty much verbatim what you just said to me."
"Then what?"
"He got off the barstool, told me to fuck off and walked out."
When we got home I called Janey and relayed Evan's conversation. I summed up the problem in one sentence: "He doesn't want you to be what he wanted you to be. For the time being I would suggest getting your suitcase and staying with us for awhile until his brain begins functioning again."
I may have been sexually submissive but I was nobody's fool and knew very well what hypocrisy smelled like.
***
That night after we'd gotten Janey settled in the guest room, Evan and I went to bed. I asked him to hold me and while we lay there...
"And I thought we were the irresponsible ones."
"Oh we're still the irresponsible ones," he said laughing. "It's just that we take care of each other."
"Do you still love me?"
"Of course I still love you. Why would you think otherwise?"
"I don't know. Because I'm not the girl you married?"
"I like the new and improved version even better."
"But I'm such an unrepentant slut."
"And I'm an aficionado of unrepentant sluts. But forget that delightful fact for a moment and always remember I love you for a myriad of other reasons that have nothing to do with sex. You're an amazing woman, Chrissy, and I'm thankful for every day I'm with you.
I couldn't speak. He just held me until we fell asleep.