Knowing that the videocam was still running and that anyone could click to view it, Gina had left the door to the bathroom wide open. She had just logged off from her live journal where she had been trying to type in her daily thoughts. Her mind had drifted back to the surprise Tom had given her a few nights before. Gina could still recall the night with vivid clarity and thinking about it still made her wet. With a sigh she had given up her daily writing and decided it was time for a bath.
She watched herself in the mirror as she slowly rid herself of her clothing. She knew that if any of her regular online chat buddies were to log in they would click the cam, expecting to see her sitting at her desk. What a surprise they would have!
Gina turned and bent over the tub, turning on the water and adjusting it then putting in the stopper. She turned back to the mirror, admiring the soft curve of her breasts as she reached up to put her hair into the sexy little messy bun that Tom liked so much.
As she stood gazing at her body she could again feel the rough touch of the lady officer who had first "man handled" her then fucked her with her billy club. She could see her nipples begin to harden at the mere memory.
Gina smiled as she turned back toward the tub, stepping over the side. She lowered herself into the steamy water, gasping at the feel of the heat on her flesh. Laying back she stretched out her long legs, resting her feet on the wall at the end of the tub.
Using her favorite pink loofah, she began to wash. The feel of the rough surface combined with the slickness of the body-wash was heaven to her already sensitized skin. Slowly she washed one arm then the other, taking her time for any viewers who may be watching.
Bringing her right leg up toward her chest she lathered it up, taking long deliberate strokes up to her foot and back. Returning that leg back to where it was and repeating the steps with her left leg. Up, across the knee, along the smooth hard line of her calf to her foot and back down.
Putting her feet down into the water she pushed herself into a semi-sitting position, still reclined, but with her chest and stomach out of the water. Setting the loofah aside, Gina squeezed a good bit of the scented body-wash into her hand, reaching up and behind her to rub the muscles in her neck, her breasts pulling taut as she did. As she trailed her hands to her shoulders to lather and massage there she heard the distinctive "ping" of someone logging into her instant messenger.
Gina raised her head to wash the front of her neck, wondering who had logged in. Was it Andrew, the sexy guy from a few states over? Or maybe Susannah, the girl she secretly had a crush on. Gina smiled at that thought and ran her hand down her chest and over her nipple. Susannah lived just a few blocks away and Gina had often wondered what it would be like to be with her. The idea of Susannah watching her take a bath made Gina squirm, her nipple puckering in her palm. She was thinking of Susannah pleasuring herself as she watched, thinking of Andrew's cock getting hard as HE watched.
Gina tweaked her nipple, pinching it, rolling it between her finger and thumb. As it grew even tighter she ran her palm over it, just barely grazing it, sending shivers to her groin.
With her excitement growing, Gina decided to take a seat on the end of the tub, directly facing the web cam through the doorway but never looking directly at it. Slowly she washed her belly, spreading the sudsy lather, washing lower and lower. Spreading her legs she lathered up her crotch. She could imagine Susannah there, kneeling in front of her, running her fingers up her crack lightly, from asshole to clit. She imagined Andrew standing behind her, supporting her as she leaned back to allow Susannah better access, Andrew's hard cock pressing into her back.
Gina spread her legs more, exposing her bare pussy to the cool air. She rubbed her clit in tiny circles, stopping every few seconds to dip her finger into her slit. She imagined that it was Susannah, that Susannah was licking her, and fucking her hole with her fingers.
With her free hand she squeezed at her breast, tugging hard at her nipple, imagining it was Andrew reaching around from behind, maybe pulling the hair at the back of her head, forcing her head back.
She could feel herself getting close to orgasm so she slowed a bit, not wanting to end the show. Gina hoped that whomever was watching was enjoying this as much as she was. Was Susannah there mimicking what she was doing? Touching her self in the same places? Was Andrew there stroking his hard cock? Wishing he were there to fuck her?
Teasing herself, Gina rubbed her clit in tight little circles. Round and round until she got close again, then stopping. Over and over she tormented herself, her head to the side, her back arched, moaning to the ceiling. She continued to bring herself to the brink, rocking on the side of the tub, grinding her pussy into her hand in her excitement. She pulled on her clit, gently squeezing. Finally she could take no more. She had to feel something inside her tight hole. Reaching down a bit lower she began to fuck herself with her fingers.
Suddenly Gina found herself at a point where she could hold back no longer. Gasping, she could feel herself nearing orgasm. With her free hand she reached around and under her leg. Gently she slipped a finger into her tight asshole. She wondered if that was what Andrew would do if he were here. Wondered if he would reach around and pleasure her while Susannah buried her face in her pussy.
With that thought Gina shuddered, her body spasmed. She could feel her pucker clench up around her finger as her pussy tightened and loosened with her orgasm. She sat there for a moment enjoying the feel of her pussy pulsing around her fingers, her body twitching on the side of the tub.
Smiling, Gina slowly pulled her fingers out of her crotch. Bringing her hand up she sucked her juices off first one finger then the other as her throbbing insides finally began to calm.
As Gina stood and pulled the curtain shut around her, starting up the shower to rinse the remaining suds away, she heard the "pong" of someone logging off of the instant messenger. "Show's over," she sighed, knowing she will probably never know who was watching her.