I've been retired now for over a year and I am enjoying every minute. I have several lady friends here in town that I date or visit regularly. We enjoy each other's company, some on a social basis and a few on a more intimate basis. As I settle into the life of leisure, I am exploring a wide range of hobbies to fill my time. A few months back I read an article in the local paper that put a spotlight on healthy living. More specifically it talked about the therapeutic value of walking five or ten kilometres several times a week. The article highlights a local club that meets weekly for group walks.
The idea intrigues me as I need to step up my game in the physical activity arena. Especially now, being retired, I don't want to be relegated to a rocking chair watching TV all day. Lately, most of my physical activity has been sexual in nature. Not that this is bad, but I do need to get out of the house more often, or at least out of the bedroom. I mentioned the idea of the walking club to my gal pals and it was met with a lukewarm response at best.
My friend, Laura, said no way. After putting in a full day at her job at a local drug store, the last thing she wants to do is walk another three or four miles. She told me in no uncertain terms that she is my fuck buddy, not my health guru. This assessment is probably true as she is, how shall I say, a bit plump and not one to exercise, unless it is bouncing up and down on my cock. She loves to ride me after a long day at work where she is constantly standing. I love it too because I get to play with her enormous tits while she straddles me. Her boobs are very big and round with just a bit of sag to them. Her pale, wide areole are fun to kiss and lick. She loves the attention I pay to her beautiful boobs. That's what she wants at the end of the day, not traipsing through some old rocky path out in the wild.
I talked to my lady friend, Sandy, who lives in my apartment complex, about the walking club. She is all for it and thinks I should join. She said she would love to walk with me if she were twenty years younger. I guess she is right, after all she is sixty-eight and widowed. However, she is in great shape and spends a lot of time at the apartment's pool. I bet she could do a 5K every so often. I know about her shape because she invited me into her bed last year.
I was teasing her one day about spying on her at the pool. I told her I wished she would sunbathe topless, because then I could admire her big tits from my apartment window. No sooner had I made that comment than she pulled me into her bedroom and was stripping off her sweater. Her dark red nipples stared me in the face and I was lost. I reached under her large pendulous boobs and brought her erect nipples right to my mouth. I was in heaven, sucking and licking her nipples. Next thing I know, she has hold of my seven inch cock and is stroking me. Of course, I returned the favour and used my fingers to rub her long clit and dip into her pussy. That day we masturbated each other to lovely orgasms and continued to do so for several months. One day she surprised me by telling me she was ready to have intercourse. She was finally at peace with being a widow and wanted to feel a nice hard cock deep inside her pussy once again. She said since I was so patient with her over the past several months, I was the one she wanted. The best part of our arrangement is that I get to eat her pussy every time to get her wet enough for penetration.
Sex with an older woman is wonderful, it is never rushed. We take our time to enjoy each other with stroking, soft kisses and lots of oral sex. We often bathe together and linger in the warm, sudsy water until we turn into prunes. Even though she is very energetic when it comes to sex, she isn't one to walk several miles a day.
There are other prospects in town, including my dear friend Jane, whom I met at a massage class last year. But they all still work full time and are not ready to devote a lot of energy to more physical activity. I would love for her to walk with me, but she is so busy with teaching her third graders and doing massage therapy on the side, that I am reluctant to ask.
I have no worries about finding out more about this walking club on my own. I'm sure I will enjoy the walking and probably get to meet new and interesting people along the way. I checked the walking clubs website and the next scheduled walk is this coming Thursday. There is a lot of information on the website. It turns out this club is only one of many in Central California and they are all affiliated with national and international Volkswalker associations. Who knew?
On Thursday afternoon, I get ready for a 5K walk with the local club. I slip on my trusty New Balance All Terrain tennis shoes, jeans and sweatshirt. Spring is just around the corner, however today there is a slight chill in the air. These walks take place at various starting points throughout the region. Tonight's walk begins in Pismo Beach. I drive up Highway 101 to the location listed on the website. When I arrive there are seven people milling about. Most seem to be in my age category, so I feel right at home. I introduce myself to the folks and we strike up friendly conversations. I learn that a few of the people already here are first time walkers and that puts me more at ease.
The group talks about the weather, naturally. It's a safe topic. More walkers arrive as the 6:15 registration time draws near. Several ladies arrive carrying a small table and books. They setup near the front door of the local coffee shop and introduce themselves to the new people, including myself. Mary is the president of this chapter and she proceeds to talk about the group and logistics. Since the group is affiliated with the national chapter, everyone needs to check in and sign a waiver for any accidents that might occur. Mary explains that sometimes a misstep could lead to a twisted ankle, or a tumble and the club needs to be held harmless in such a case. The club does carry medical insurance in case of really bad accidents. So far, none have occurred with this club, but there have been horror stories with other clubs.
Most of the club walks are in the neighborhoods or green belts around the county. A few walks go into the foothills and are more demanding. They are rated as hikes more than walks. There seems to be a good variety of activities with this particular club, so I am all in. I introduce myself to Mary, sign up and pay a small amount for yearly dues.
At precisely 6:30 PM, Mary gathers tonight's group into a circle and welcomes us. We take turns introducing ourselves. There are about fifteen folks, with four of us being new walkers. We are given maps for the 5K route and head out for an adventure. Many of the regulars talk nonstop as we walk and get some good exercise. I am in the middle of the group as we walk along at a good pace. It's not quite power walking, but we seem to move right along.
I study the map and see that tonight's route takes us down along the Arroyo Grande Creek. I've been here before and know that many couples frequent parts of the creek enjoying the warm water. It's popular with the clothing optional crowd, but I don't think I'll be seeing any naked tits tonight. It's still early in the season and too late in the evening for skinny dipping, but you never know. I've also heard rumors of a clothing optional RV Park close by, but I have never seen it.
As the evening sunset begins, the sky gets darker and I realize I didn't bring a flashlight. Well there is one rookie mistake. Several people bring out their lights, so at least we can see where the path leads us. I walk along for a few kilometers in the dark, relying on the flashlights of others walking ahead of me. I do my best not to stumble. Just over the halfway point when we are near the infamous hot water spot where many a naked person could be spotted, I feel a tap on my shoulder. At first, I don't think anything of it. A minute later I feel another tap on my shoulder, this time it's a little more forceful. I turn my head and stare directly into the bluest eyes I've ever seen. Even in the dark I can see them shine.
"Hi, I'm Catherine."
After a minute or two of stuttering, I finally get out, "Hello, my name is Rob."
"Well hello Rob. It's nice to meet you. Is this your first walk? I haven't seen you before."
I acknowledge this is my first time out with the walking club as we continue walking at a brisk pace. I do my best not to fall down as I gaze at Catherine.
"I thought this might be your first walk since you are without a flashlight. Here, I have a really bright one. We can walk together and use my light so you don't step somewhere you shouldn't."
Catherine is very generous sharing her light as we navigate the trail together. She tells me she has been a member for about eight months now and tries to get out for all of the scheduled walks. The first thing I notice about Catherine, besides her sparkling blue eyes, is how tall she is. I bet she stands at least 5 foot 8. She is wearing a Cal Poly Mom sweatshirt and it appears to be quite full. I decide I would like to get to know Catherine a little bit better.
I state the obvious, "So, you have a son or daughter in college?"
"I had a daughter over at SLO; she graduated last spring and moved to Southern California. So now it's just me up here."
"Well congrats to her. I bet it's exciting for her to start something new?"
Catherine affirms that her daughter, Amy, was very happy to get out of school and start a new job. So, it's just her up here now, eh? I don't want to press too hard for personal details right away, so I keep the conversation light as we continue walking.
"So Catherine, what keeps you busy up here?"
Catherine opens up to me and talks non-stop, "I recently retired from a local winery where I took care of the books and the accounting. It a fairly large corporate winery and they took very good care of me. I have a great pension and now with Amy gone, I have lots of time to play and maybe do some traveling. You can't beat the Central Coast for the lovely beaches and weather. I plan to stay here and kick up my heels. How about you, Rob?"
"It sounds like we're in the same boat. I retired about a year ago and have been enjoying the life of leisure. Lots of reading, exploring the area and spending time with good friends. I've been taking some adult education classes around town. Just last fall, I took a massage class that was a lot of fun."
"That does sound fun; maybe in the future you can show me a few of your techniques."
I nearly stumble and choke when I hear Catherine's response. Did she just ask for a massage? I know where I'd like to start, how about those two large mounds hidden under that sweatshirt. Catherine grabs my arm as I regain my footing.
"Are you OK, Rob?"
"Oh yeah, I just stepped on a loose rock."
Catherine holds my arm and points her flashlight straight ahead. As we continue moving ahead we talk about our lives and what we hope to do in the future. She tells me that she is single and has been for six years. She put her daughter through college on her own. Her ex hasn't been around at all. We were next to the wide open area of the creek where many people get naked and get wild.
Catherine smiles and says, "Do you know about this area? A lot of skinny dipping goes on around here."
I smile and nod, "Have you ever done that?"
Catherine smiles and blushes. She just keeps on walking. I think I have my answer. An hour and a half after we began the walk, we arrive back at the starting point, feeling good for the exercise. Before I can ask Catherine is she'd like to grab a bite to eat, she thanks me for walking with her and hopes we can do it again.
She says, "I won't be able to make next Thursday's walk, but there is a 10K scheduled a week from Saturday in San Luis Obispo. Maybe we can meet up again for that walk?"
I answer, "Yes, that's sounds good. I'll check the website and perhaps see you then."
Catherine smiles wide and her blue eyes twinkle as we shake hands and head back to our cars. I kick myself for missing an opportunity to give her a kiss on the hand or cheek as we split apart. Maybe that might be a bit forward at this point. I definitely want to pursue this friendship, so maybe it's best to take it slow. My other head is thinking... 'She is hot, it looks like she might have some smoking tits hiding under that sweatshirt, and I'd love to be naked in the creek with her.'
I get in my car and head home. I'm sure there are leftovers in the fridge waiting for me. I guess it's a Thursday night of porn once again.
Friday rolls around and I still think about the night before and my conversation with Catherine. I check out the club's website and write down the details for the walk next Saturday in San Luis Obispo. I will definitely be there, as well as next Thursday's regular walk which starts in Avila. In the meantime, I need to take care of this feeling centred on my cock. I don't have blue balls yet, but I need relief soon. Normally, I would pull out my Fleshlight and have a go with it. But it's a possibility that Laura will stop by tonight, so I need to keep all of my energy focused for her.
At 4:30 my cell rings and it's Laura.
"Hey handsome, got some time for me tonight? I've put in a long week at work and am feeling rather horny right now."
"Hey Laura Lovebird, yep I have all night for you and then some. Do you want to come over for dinner? I'll whip up my signature spaghetti for us. Whadda ya say?"
"I say I'll be there in an hour. Do you need me to pick up anything at the grocery store?"
"How are you fixed with lube? We might need a bottle or two."
She laughs, "You are a nasty boy. I don't think Safeway sells the kind you are looking for. I can get some cooking oil, if that pleases you? See you at 5:30."
I hang up. My cock twitches thinking about being balls deep in Laura tonight, but in the back of mind, I am still fixated on Catherine. The hour passes quickly as I prepare the pasta dish and salad for Laura and me. At precisely 5:30 Laura arrives and uses her key to open the door.
"I'm in the kitchen Laura."
Laura walks into the kitchen and plants a big wet kiss on my lips. Her tongue darts into my mouth and pushes hard against my tongue. I hug her tight, squishing those amazing boobs between us. She is wearing a loose fitting sundress and I can tell she is braless.
"What, no drug store uniform tonight?"
Laura tells me she stopped at her place after work, showered and changed out of her monkey suit.
"I am so done with work for this week and my feet are killing me. I just need a nice massage on that new table of yours. You can start with my feet and especially my toes, if you get my drift. And, if you're in the mood, I could use a little tidying up."
Laura is hitting all of my hot buttons and my cock is getting hard. She loves for me suck on her toes when I massage her feet. As far as tidying up, what she really means is she wants me to shave her pussy. It looks like my night just got a little more interesting. Laura keeps her pussy completely smooth and I'm her barber. In return, she shaves my cock and balls. I leave a small patch of hair just above my shaft that tickles her nose every time she goes down on me.
"Well I am at your service ma'am. But first you need to test these noodles and tell me if they are ready."
Laura swirls a few stands on a fork and declares that dinner is ready. Earlier, I set the table and poured some red Merlot for both of us. Laura takes a seat as I serve up the spaghetti.
"Mmm, smells wonderful. Why are you so good to me?"
"Because I love your huge tits and need to suck on your juicy nipples all night long."
Laura sticks her tongue out, "You are such a romantic. Eat your spaghetti and get ready to be my slave."
I do as I am told. I know exactly what is in store for me tonight and I can't wait. Laura and I enjoy our dinner as she tells me about her week. We kill the bottle of wine and are feeling good. Laura offers to clean up if I will prepare the massage table for the evening festivities. Laura moves into the kitchen and I walk back to the spare bedroom where my professional massage table is. I purchased it from a spa specialty store up in Paso Robles this past fall. My friend, Jane went with me as she previously bought her massage table from the same company and was a huge help in my decision. She and I were the first to test out the functionality of the table. It was a wild night of sex.
Tonight it is all about taking care of Laura. I put some towels on the table and pull out some massage oils from the cabinet. I go into the bathroom and get my razor and shaving cream. I have some candles that I use to create a warm, soothing atmosphere. Lastly, I turn on my CD player for sexy background music.
I call out to Laura and let her know I am ready for her.
She yells back, "Be there in a minute. I'm drying a couple of dishes."
I wait patiently and contemplate whether I should get undressed right now. I know I'll be naked soon enough, I just don't know if I should surprise Laura with my cock standing at attention. I decide to take my shirt off, but leave my pants on.
I hear Laura speak,"OK, I'm finished in here, I coming."
Laura turns the corner down the hallway and comes to the spare bedroom. She enters the room completely nude; her big breasts swaying back and forth.
"Well you don't waste any time."
"No I don't and I expect you to do the same."
I have probably mentioned before that she is my favorite BBW and we have some amazing sex. Laura is 43 and stands five foot two in bare feet. She weighs in the neighborhood of 190 pounds, but most of that weight is her enormous boobs. Her nipples are as big as my thumb and harden up with just a slight touch. She loves for me to suck them and use my teeth to lightly graze the pink buds which makes her pussy very wet.
I spread towels over the table and help Laura get up on the table. I grab her fleshy ass and push. Laura lies down on her stomach. Her mammoth breasts squish down and form large mounds of side boob for my viewing pleasure. She spreads her legs and prepares for a much needed massage. I cover her generous ass with a towel and move to the bottom of the table.
Laura looks back at me with a smirk, "What's with the towel, you won't last 60 seconds before you grab my ass."
She is probably right. It's hard to keep my hands away from those buns. I grab one foot and begin a vigorous rub all around. My thumbs press against her arch and massage the bottom of her foot. I cup her heel and squeeze and rub the flesh. I rub around her ankle, flexing her foot back and forth. Laura breathes deep with a mixture of oohs and aahs. I apply the same technique to her other foot. When I am satisfied her tender feet are no longer aching, I raise her left foot to my lips and suck on her big toe. I move my tongue around and around while I tickle her arch. She adores my foot worship and sighs. I do the same to her big toe on the other foot, while Laura begins to squirm. I alternate feet as I suck her other toes and lick between each one. I use the flat surface of my tongue to lick up and down her arches, slathering her feet with saliva.
Laura murmurs, "You're making my pussy wet again."
We discovered our mutual foot fetish one evening watching TV on my couch. Laura had a long day at work standing for more than ten hours and her feet were numb. I worked them over with my hands and then on a lark decided to suck on her big toe. That really turned her on and gave me a hard-on which required her services to relieve.
I notice my cock is once again hard and straining to be released. Before moving to her calves, I unbuckle my pants and drop them to the floor. My seven inch shaft springs to attention. I prefer to massage my lady friends while completely nude; a request that never gets turned down.
I grab some massage oil and coat my hands with the lube. I begin a vigorous massage of both Laura's calves. I squeeze and knead her flesh from her ankles to her lower thighs. I use circular strokes to work out the kinks. As I move up her thighs, Laura spreads her legs more to give me access. With a little more oil in my hands, I work up and around her inner thighs. I love this part because I get to tease Laura and make her beg for more. As I work her inner thighs I let my fingers graze her thick pussy lips for a quick moment. The light touch causes her to spread her legs even wider.
"Stop teasing, rub my pussy. Stick your fingers inside."
I am not ready to give into her demands. I continue with long strokes up and down her thighs and quick touches of her labia. I have her right where I want her. Now it is on to her wide, fleshy ass. I move to the side of the table and remove the towel. I pour more massage oil into my palms and apply it directly to each cheek. I move my hands around and around and around squeezing and kneading her butt. I love her soft cushions especially when we fuck doggy style and I bury my stiff shaft deep into her cunt; which I plan to do later tonight.
A proper masseuse always pours the oil into one's hands and then applies hands to skin. I enjoy teasing Laura, so a grab the bottle of massage oil and dribble a thin line up and down her butt crease. Laura raises her ass off the table in response. I put down the lube and use both hands to glide up and down her crack. My fingers trace the line back and forth. With each pass, I press hard on her sphincter. We both love ass play and pressing fingers deep into our anal passage.
I spend lots of time rubbing her nether region and moving my fingers lower between her puffy outer lips. I pour more oil right on top of her backdoor and press my index finger deep down. Laura grunts and tightens her starfish around my finger.
"Relax your ass, Laura."
"That's easy for you to say. It's not your ass being invaded."
"Shall I stop?"
"Don't you dare stop!"
Laura relaxes her sphincter enough for me to move my finger up and down several times. I pull out and enter again with two fingers. I stretch her O-ring much to her delight. A few more passes up and down satisfies me and I move on to massaging her lower back and shoulders.
I move closer to the top of the table to reach Laura's shoulders. She looks over as sees my cock pointing in her direction, stiff as a board with a bit of pre-cum dripping down. Laura reaches down and wraps her hand around my shaft.
"Now, that's what I'm talking about. I love your big cock."
I focus on her shoulders while she focuses on my cock. I spend extra time massaging her as I enjoy her light touch. She strokes me gently, not enough to make me cum, but it's very satisfying.
I am ready for her turn over. "OK sweetheart, time to turn over. My cock is not going anywhere."
Laura releases her grip and twists her body, settling on her back. Her huge tits spread out on each side. I see her nipples poke out fully erect; I'm sure as a result of my probing fingers. Now it's my favorite time of the massage, playing with big tits. I love Laura's big tits with her wide pale areole the size of pancakes. I have a momentary thought of my walking buddy, Catherine. I wonder what her boobs look like. They certainly filled out her sweatshirt last night. I hope I get to find out.
Right now I concentrate on the mounds before me. I pour more oil into my palms and cover her breasts with my hands. The oil shines on her skin as I rub the massive melons all over. I knead and squeeze each boob with each hand. Laura looks me in the eye and smiles. I dip down and plant a big wet kiss on her lips. She reciprocates by sticking her tongue into my mouth searching for my tongue. We press our lips together for several seconds before breaking apart.
I use both hands to grab her left breast at the base and squeeze the flesh as I pull up. I tweak her nipple before doing the same thing to her right breast. I alternate right to left and back again as I massage each fleshy orb. Her skin develops a pink hue with my constant manipulation. Reluctantly, I move on to her round tummy and down lower to her smooth mons.
My cock never deflates while I run my hands along her warm, pliable skin. I move my fingers lower in the direction of her full pussy. I rub around her pelvic region and pinch the skin just above her moist slit. I use a small circular touch as my fingers glide around her mons and press into her pubic bone. Laura raises her hips searching for a stronger grope. I comply and press down as I move to her puffy outer labia. I rub and pinch her lips and then slide my fingers up her slick crease. I push deeper into her gash with each pass. Her inner labia are wet with her nectar. I rub all over her puffy outer lips and feel the stubble with my fingertips. It will all smooth again in just a few minutes.
"Laura, are you ready for your shave?"
She nods her head as she bites her lower lip. I gather some towels, my razor and some shaving cream. I walk to my bathroom and return with a bowl of hot water and wash cloth. Laura's hand rubs up and down her wet slit while the other pinches her left nipple.
"Looks like you missed me?"
"Well, duh. You can't just play with my pussy and then decide to leave. I have needs."
I replace Laura's hand with mine and work my fingers up and down her slit. I dip the wash cloth into the hot water and wipe all around her vulva getting her ready to shave. I spread shave cream around her skin and carefully move the razor over her mons. I use long slow strokes to shave her meaty outer lips, being careful not to nick her sensitive area. I add more cream and work the razor around her pink labia with precision, cutting the few remaining hairs. With the warm wash cloth, I remove the excess cream and run my fingers over her outer lips. Smooth as a whistle. I test her smooth skin with my tongue just to be sure. Her inner lips ooze with her juice. I move my head down to her pussy and lick up the excess. Laura's vagina is glowing.
I think her massage is complete. Now it's time for her first climax of the evening.
"There you go Laura. Nice and smooth like you requested. I want you to shave me tonight. But first, would you like to cum right now?"
"Why do you even have to ask?"
Her thick thighs frame her puffy outer lips. The inner labia flesh is pink and wet and capped at the top with her hard clit. I spread her crease wide so I can dip my tongue deep into her gash. Laura grabs my head and pulls me tight against her pussy. I think she wants me to eat her, so I won't disappoint. I inhale her sweet aroma as I touch her inner lips with my tongue. I snake my tongue deep into her folds and lick the length of her slit. I lick higher and find her hard clit poking out from beneath its protective hood. I flick her pearl causing her to quiver and shake.
Laura holds and massages her large breasts. She pinches her nipples, twisting them as I go after her clit. Pussy juice covers my face. She lifts her hips up and flexes her wide ass. Her inner lips open up as I glide my tongue back and forth. I can tell she is ready for my fingers to assist my tongue. This seems to be our standard way. I insert two fingers into her opening and move them in and out as I lick her clit. I curl my fingers and search for her G-spot.
"Oh my gawd, Rob, you are doing it again. I'm so close. I'm going to cum hard. Lick me, don't stop, lick me... geeez, uh huh, uh huh..."
My fingers rub hard and my lips suck hard as Laura erupts. Her legs shake. I grab her thighs to keep her on the table and lift my head to watch her juices flow down her thighs. Laura falls back with a satisfied smile. The towels under her ass are wet while she lays there recovering from her climax.
"Hey pretty lady that was amazing. Rest for a few minutes before you get up, my cock can wait."
Laura continues to take deep breaths as she recovers. As I wait, I run my hand over her body, feeling her thighs, plump tummy and full boobs. I move my hand over her heart and feel it beat quickly. Laura is ready, so I reach for her hand and pull her up to a sitting position. She hops off the table and grabs my cock.
"So, I get to shave this, eh? "
I remove all of the towels from the table and take them to the bathroom. I return with fresh towels and place some of them on the table. I hand the others to Laura.
"When you're ready Laura, I'm ready."
"OK buster hop on up."
I climb onto the massage table and lie down. My cock throbs and stands up waiting for Laura. She grabs the shaving cream and razor to begin her grooming. She holds my shaft while she spreads shaving cream around my groin. She slathers some cream over my balls and rolls them around her palm and squeezes them for several moments.
"Are you going to shave me or just play with my balls?"
"Sush you, I'm in control here." Laura squeezes harder for emphasis.
I reach over to play with her tits. She swats my hand away and squeezes my balls even harder.
I grimace,"OK, OK, I get it, geez."
I decide to lie back and enjoy the moment. Laura uses the razor to shave my groin, clearing all of the stubble from around my cock. She leaves the small patch of my pubic hair just above my shaft. She glides the razor along the hair cutting a nice straight line and leaving me with a perfect square patch. Laura grabs my glans, holds my shaft upright and slowly shaves my seven inches. I remain perfectly still. Finally, she grabs my ball sack and stretches the skin for a clean, close shave.
Laura uses the wash cloth to clean me and remove the excess shaving cream. She tells me she is all done and that I am ready for a blow job. My treat for being a good patient. Laura uses one of the towels to dry my cock and balls.
"Are you ready for my fabulous cock sucking?"
I nod my head. Laura grabs my cock with both hands and uses a long, slow stroke. She moves her lips closer to my glans and sticks out her tongue to lick the tip. One hand cups my balls and her other slides down my shaft pulling me toward her wet mouth. Laura licks my entire length from bottom to top. Her wet mouth leaves a trail of spit from the base of my cock to the tip. She opens her mouth wide and sucks me in, swirling her tongue around my sensitive crown. As she was sucks me deep into her mouth, she lightly massages my balls with her fingers. I place my hands on her head to guide her movements.
Laura looks into my eyes as she plunges down my seven inches. She uses a deep suction as she lifts up and my cock pops from her mouth.
"Mmmm, you taste so good. I want you to cum in my mouth. I want to swallow your load."
Laura knows I get all hot and bothered when she talks like that. She opens wide, drops down trying to stuff as much as my cock down her throat as she can, and then she licks my balls, sucking each one into her mouth.
"I'm glad I shaved you, your smooth sac tastes so good; time to take you down my throat."
With that comment, she proceeds to suck me deep into her mouth, pushing slowly inch by inch until her nose is buried in my patch of hair. Laura breathes through her nose as she holds me tight in her throat. My climax builds and I'm ready to explode. Laura pulls up and takes a long breath. She sucks me deep again and now has all seven inches. I continue to squirm and lift my ass up off the table, pushing deeper into her throat.
"Laura, I am so close. Are you ready for me? Oh god, your mouth feels so good, so hot, so wet. Suck my cock. Make me cum. It's here. Geez I can't take any more. Take it all."
Laura moves her mouth up my shaft, and wraps her lips around the crown of my cock. I erupt, shooting several ropes of thick goo into her mouth. Laura pumps my shaft, sucking more jism. My cock flexes as I shoot my cum into her mouth. My orgasm peaks. Laura's mouth is full of cum. She releases my cock and opens her mouth showing me her reward. She takes several gulps, swallowing everything I gave her. I lie back on my massage table; happy as can be.
"That was one fabulous blow-job. Shall we make love right here or in the bedroom?"
Laura responds, "I vote for the bedroom."
"OK, the bedroom it is. But I get to fuck you from behind, standing up."
Laura grabs my hand and helps me off the table. We hug tight, mashing our bodies together. I search out her lips and kiss her with lots of tongue. One orgasm is just not enough for us. I grab the used towels and throw them in the bathroom while Laura blows out the candles.
I walk into the bedroom and am met with a delicious sight; Laura is already bent over my bed with her legs spread apart. That wide, bubbly ass is just waiting for me. My cock starts to respond to her invitation. I walk up behind her and run my hands all over those fleshy buns. I grab my semi-erect cock and place it between her cheeks. As I push back and forth along her crease, my shaft hardens and I am almost ready to plow into her. I continue to saw back and forth along her bunghole, as I reach around and palm her huge tits. We sway back for a few more moments.
She loves to be taken from behind and for me to drive hard into her plump ass. She knows what is coming. I spread her bum, aim my cock directly at her opening and slide in, with my hips tight against her wide ass. I think I can last a while after my blow-job, so I ease into a nice rhythm. I push and pull out slowly for a few strokes and then pump fast and furious. I grab onto Laura and push hard, driving her hips into the mattress.
After several minutes of easy fucking, I plant my feet flat on the ground and watch my cock slide into Laura's pussy. I pull back and see her inner labia surround my shaft holding me tight. Each time I push hard, I drive my cock deeper and Laura's ass cheeks shake. Her plump backside is a solid cushion for my thrusts. I begin to feel my balls tighten as another climax builds. With just a few more thrusts I am ready to erupt and tell Laura to get ready.
Laura looks back at me and pleads, "You know what I want?"
"You want me to cum on your ass like last time?"
"Yes please, cum on my ass and then rub it in."
Laura loves for me to cum on her ass or all over her tits and massage my seed into her skin as if it's expensive balm. When I feel my jizz bubble up, I pull my cock from her cunt and shoot several strands of cum over her backside. Once again her ass cheeks are laced with semen. I grab my shaft and pump a few more drops onto her ass. Just like she requested, I rub my jizz all around Laura's backside like a fine lotion. I spread it along her crease and sphincter. I massage her ass for several minutes before pulling her to her feet. She turns to me and we kiss, smashing her tits into my chest again.
Both Laura and I are wiped out and decide to climb into bed and rest up for the next round. We have all weekend to play and enjoy our favourite positions. We snuggle up under the covers and Laura rests her head on my chest as we drift off to sleep.
All weekend long I can't get the thought of Catherine out of my head. I know it's not fair to Laura, but I have this picture of Catherine power-walking in the nude with her tits swaying with every stride. My cock remains hard and Laura benefits with multiple orgasms, but my mind focuses on next Saturday.
On Thursday, I drive out to Avila for the Thursday evening walk. This time I remember to bring a flashlight for the end of the walk. We just set our clocks forward for daylight savings time and the walk will start one half hour earlier than last week, so we should have daylight for most of the walk.
When I arrive at the starting point, the registration table is already set up. I sign in and walk over to a few people I met last week. This is a convivial group and conversations come easily.
"Hello handsome."
I turn around and there is Catherine, all five foot something of her.
"Well this is a welcome surprise. I thought you had other plans for the evening?"
Catherine responds, "I did have plans, but they changed. I was able to take care of my business yesterday and so here I am."
"I'm so glad you decided to come out. You look very nice tonight."
Catherine does look nice; she is wearing the same Cal Poly Mom sweatshirt from last week. Tonight here hair is done up in a ponytail and she is wearing a baseball cap. Very fetching. I love how the 'Cal Poly' on her sweatshirt is slanted outward following the curve of her breasts.
"Thank you. I see you brought your flashlight. Good for you for remembering."
"How was your week, Catherine?"
"Actually, fairly quiet. I talked with Amy several times; she is settling in to the big city and is doing well at her new job. I kept busy with some exercise and walking. I'm just getting used to this retirement thing and really enjoy it. And you?"
"Well, I told you I took a massage therapy class last fall. I've been practicing my technique. I have a friend who puts in long hours at a drug store and I used my notes to give her a vigorous foot massage. Other than that it's been a quiet week. I was most looking forward to seeing you on Saturday. And now it's even better that we can walk together tonight and Saturday."
"I bet you would have a lot of takers for foot massages from this group. Of course, they'll have to line up behind me."
Mary, the walking club president, calls for people to gather around and introduce themselves. At precisely six o'clock the group heads out, following the map. We walk down Avila Beach Boulevard to the bridge that crosses the creek and joins with the trail along the golf course. Tonight's walk is more rigorous and includes some elevation. I am step in step beside Catherine enjoying the view. We chat and I learn that she lives at the end of a cul-de-sac in San Luis Obispo. Her house backs up to open grazing land that affords her a wonderful view and lots of privacy.
I ask her about dinner plans after the walk and she says she has to run a few more errands and will grab some leftovers at home.
"However, let's have lunch after our walk on Saturday. I have a favorite restaurant in town that I'll take you to. And if you're in the mood, we can go back to my place and enjoy the peace and quiet in my backyard."
I respond, "I would like that very much. It's supposed to be a gorgeous day in the 80's."
As we continue our hike the sky gets darker and temperature gets a little cooler. I pull out my flashlight so we can see the trail better. Catherine grabs my arm as we walk up a steep incline. She moves her body close to me.
She says, "I hope you don't mind me hanging on? Some of the trail has loose rocks and I don't want to slip."
I tell her I don't mind at all and that she can hold on as tight as she likes. She continues holding on after the terrain levels out. After a couple more minutes she moves her hand down from my arm to my hand and we end up holding hands. I squeeze her hand in mine.
"I like this, Catherine; I could hold your hand all night long."
We walk along the beach trail for the final kilometer.
Catherine looks me in the eye and quizzes me, "So Avila Beach, how often do you go over to the clothing optional section?"
"What makes you think I would do that?"
"Oh, just a hunch."
I come clean, "Well, I have been there a few times, but it has been a while. Now if you're suggesting that we go together, I believe I would be open to that. And tell me; is it your favorite beach?"
Catherine smiles and blushes at the same time.
"Yeah, it is my favorite. Pismo is so darn crowded and I like a less congested beach to work on my tan. I'm not suggesting, just asking. At least not yet."
I tease her, "Less congested? You are so cute. OK, I'll buy your rationale. Just let me know and I'll bring plenty of sun screen."
We walk back up to Avila Boulevard and arrive back at the starting point around 7:30. We are both feeling energized from the 5K. I walk her to her car and say goodnight. Catherine moves close and gives me a kiss on the cheek before getting into her car.
"Good night Rob. I'll see you in a couple of days. And remember, I'm first in line for that foot massage."
Saturday can't come fast enough. But, what to do tonight. Holding hands and smelling her perfume all evening long has me agitated and my cock wanting relief. And what was that conversation about Avila's nude beach? Is she feeling me out? I can't get the picture of her basking in the sun with her tits on display out of my head.
When I get home, the urge is even stronger. I decide porn and my Fleshlight will help me sleep better tonight. I raid the refrigerator for leftovers and a wine cooler. After dinner I retire to my den to watch some porn and masturbate. I find one of my favorite DVDs that feature big titted mature ladies and load it up. I grab my Fleshlight from the coffee table and some lube.
I throw a towel over my rocker-recliner, drop my jeans and sit down. I fire up the TV and DVD player with my remote until I see lots of big tits and pussies on the screen. Normally, I would put the silicone insert from my Fleshlight in hot water to warm it up, but not tonight. I want it wrapped around my seven inch shaft as quickly as possible. I'm just going to relax, lean back in my recliner and jack myself off.
My cock has been semi-erect since I first laid eyes on Catherine tonight. Now, with the help of my porn, I am fully erect. I grab some lube, drip the liquid along my shaft and slather it around with my hand. I could continue like this and just give myself a hand job, but I prefer the soft texture of my Fleshlight and I can pretend that I am sliding into Catherine's pussy. I drip some lube into the opening of the Fleshlight and line it up with the tip of my cock.
The scene on my television has two women enjoying each other in a hot tub. They each have Double-Ds and one is sitting on the edge with her legs spread wide. The second lady has her face buried in her friend's pussy. My cock is now extremely hard as I slide my Fleshlight down my shaft. The soft silicone surrounds my full seven inches providing a snug fit and intense pleasure. I raise the sex toy up my shaft until my tip is barely held in place and then slam it back down my cock. I focus on the screen and move the Fleshlight up and down with a steady rhythm.
I fantasize that Catherine is sliding up and down my dick as I watch the two ladies service one another. I think about Catherine sunning her big boobs at Avila Beach and hope that we visit the clothing optional section together. This thought has me on the verge of losing my load. I pump my Fleshlight faster up and down my shaft. The ladies on the screen have moved to the patio chaise lounge and are now in a torrid sixty-nine. The scene is too much and I release several spurts of cum into the silicone sheath. I raise and lower my Fleshlight on my shaft. Each time I pull it down my shaft another few drops of jism escape from my tip until I am drained.
I relax in my recliner with my cock buried in the Fleshlight as my climax recedes. Several minutes pass before my shaft softens and I release my sex toy from my groin. I move to the bathroom and rinse out the silicone insert. I set it aside, return to my den to turn off my TV and put the DVD back in the drawer. The 5K, conversations with Catherine and my orgasm have done me in. I retire to my bedroom and am asleep within five minutes.
Saturday morning arrives and I drive up to San Luis Obispo for the 10K and to meet Catherine. It's a cool, crisp morning but the sun is shining and there is not a cloud in the sky. It's supposed to get into the mid-80s today, so even though it's cool right now, I'm in shorts and a long sleeve shirt.
Today's walk kicks off at the main entrance to the college. I find a parking space a block over from the starting point. As I walk over to the registration table, I hear a loud voice call out my name.
"Hey Rob! Back here."
I look over my shoulder and see Catherine moving quickly in my direction. I turn to her and meet her halfway. We embrace and hold tight. I feel her firm breasts press against my chest. She is wearing her ever present sweatshirt once again, but this morning she is wearing some very tight white shorts. They accentuate her long toned legs. I can't help but stare. I look closer and detect a very distinct camel toe in front. The shorts hug her curves very well. It's obvious she has thick puffy pussy lips.
"What are you staring at?"
"I'm staring at a very lovely lady with great gams. Just how tall are you? Five-eight?"
"Actually, I am five-nine and you are a perv."
"What, no I'm not. I just appreciate your lovely legs, all tanned and ready to walk. Hey what's in the backpack?"
"I have bottles of water and some energy bars and my hat. It could be a little toasty by the time we are finished."
We hold hands as we walk to the registration table and sign in. Today's walk winds through campus and then out into the nature trail along Stenner Creek. A fair amount of walkers have joined us this morning. A few club members are ready to take off, so we join them and set a brisk pace. I tell Catherine I'd like to walk a ten minute kilometer and she is up for it. As we walk through Cal Poly, she points out some of the buildings where her daughter had classes.
When I walk next to Catherine, I can't help but stare at her breasts as they sway underneath her sweatshirt and her calf muscles that flex with every step. Her backpack straps pull back on her shoulders causing her sweatshirt to pull tight against her boobs. She is well put together. I hope she likes what I have to offer as well. We walk west towards the green belt and open trails that run along the creek. As the sun rises, so do the temperatures. Around the fourth kilometer we are both quite warm and perspiration drips from our foreheads. We decide it's time for a quick break.
We move to the side of the trail and let other walkers go on. I help her take off the backpack and hold it while she unzips the top. Catherine reaches in and retrieves two bottles of water and a couple of energy bars. We take several swigs of H2O to help us re-hydrate. Catherine hands me her bottle while she takes off her sweatshirt and stuffs it in the backpack. She also pulls out her baseball cap and puts in on her head. I hand her water back to her. As she drinks some more, I notice the sweat stains on her light grey t-shirt. Dark patches of sweat run down the valley between her tits and more patches are visible under each round mound. The sweat stains provide a nice frame surrounding her breasts. I get my first clue as to how big her tits really are. Her large nipples are very hard and very prominent as they poke through the thin material.
"Do you like the scenery?"
I reply, "Yes I do, the sun shining on the stream is lovely through all of the green bushes."
Catherine slugs me in the arm, "You know what I mean."
"Well, if you are referring to the fact that we are working up a good sweat out here, then yes it looks good from my vantage point."
She slugs me again. I offer to carry the backpack and Catherine is grateful. We kill off the water and put the empties into the backpack. The backpack is quite heavy; she must have packed a six pack of water for us.
"Catherine, you should have told me how heavy this is? I would have carried it from the start."
"No worries. I needed the work; I've got a few pounds to shed."
I don't hesitate, "No you do not. You are perfect."
"Well that is kind of you to say. Are you ready to move on?"
I don the backpack and we continue on the trail. Only now I am really distracted by Catherine. Her huge boobs sway and jiggle with every step. The thin t-shirt does nothing to harness her massive flesh. Sweat continues to build as the sun gets warmer. My cock is swelling and creating a noticeable bulge in my shorts. Catherine doesn't say a word.
As we walk along the creek, the water and low hanging branches provide some relief from the hot sun. However, out in the open fields, the heat is noticeable. Amid all of the distractions, from the heat to Catherine's healthy tits, we make it back to the starting point having walked 10 kilometers in just over two hours.
Catherine says, "I am ready for lunch, how about you, Rob?"
I couldn't agree more. Catherine tells me we are going to the Firestone Grill, her favorite place for lunch. I tell her I'll drive and then after lunch, we can swing by and get her car. We find a parking spot on the street close to the restaurant, which is very lucky on a Saturday at noon. I've been here before and so it doesn't take long for us to decide on food and order.
We find a table outside, next to the low wall along the sidewalk. It's a good vantage point to people watch and it's nicely shaded. Our food is brought out to us and we relax and feed our hungry bodies. We each ordered a beer to quench our thirst. I grab a couple of bottles of water from the backpack for us to drink too.
"So Catherine, how are your feet? Worn out?"
"Yes they are. I could use a good foot massage and I know just the man that can take care of me."
We eat our lunch all the while looking out at the people walking up and down the street. There are plenty of shops and restaurants in this part of town, so the sidewalks are quite busy. After we finish our lunch, I move my chair next to Catherine.
Catherine asks, "Hand me the backpack, please. I want to get out of these sneakers and put on my flip-flops."
She unlaces her tennis shoes and pulls them off along with her ankle socks. She pulls out her flip-flops from the backpack and puts her tennies in.
I motion for her to sit up in the cast iron chair.
"Are you ready for that foot massage, young lady?"
"Why yes I am sir, and who are you calling young. I'm pushing sixty."
"You wouldn't know it from looking at you; dressed in those short shorts, athletic t-shirt that leaves little to the imagination and baseball cap. I would mistake you for a coed."
Catherine sticks her feet onto my lap and smiles, "You are so full of shit. If I didn't know better, I'd say you are trying to hit on me."
I grab her feet, remove her flip-flops, and prepare her for one of my patented foot massages. I take her left foot and begin a vigorous rub all around.
Catherine responds, "Go easy on me, I just walked 10K."
I use my thumbs to press against her arch and massage the bottom of her foot. I do my usual with her heel by cupping and squeezing and rubbing the flesh. I massage her ankle, flexing her foot back and forth. I run my fingers through her toes and wiggle each one. I grab her other foot and use the same technique.
"Wow, you are a master. No wonder the ladies love you. I am completely rejuvenated.
"You have very sexy feet. I'll be happy to attend to you after every walk."
After taking care of her feet, I realize my cock is erect and threatening to punch through my shorts. Handling those sexy toes really affects me. I need to remain in my chair for a while for the swelling to go down, and so I go back to watching all the people walking around.
Catherine and I enjoy the sun and suds for another half hour.
"So sweetie, are you ready to go get your car?"
Catherine responds, "Yes I am. And then you are going to follow me to my house. I'm not letting you out of my sight for a while."
Catherine slides her flip-flops back on and we head out to my car, walking hand in hand. She stops me and plants a big, sloppy kiss right on my lips.
"Thank you for that luscious foot massage. I owe you a big one and you are going to get it."
I have a big smile on my face while wondering what a big one is. I open the car door for her and then drive her back to the school to get her car. Catherine gives me her address for my GPS, but tells me to just follow her, as her house isn't far away. We arrive safely to her home in less than ten minutes.
Catherine gives me the ten cent tour and then takes me outside to the backyard. I am blown away with the view. She told me her house backed up to grazing land and she had a nice view. All of the green hills under the sun drenched blue sky are spectacular. There is a nice stone patio and sunken spa out by the back fence. Several chaise lounges face out to the open space.
Catherine says, "I love it out here. I have lots of privacy. My neighbors' can't see back here, so it lets me work on my all over tan. My neighbor on the right, Lacy, joins me often. Her husband teaches over at the college and is more interested in his academics than her. We have lots of girl time together. I'll have to introduce you to her; she's a lot of fun.
I respond, "I could spend a lot of time out here. It really is peaceful."
"Are you ready for another beer, Rob?"
"That would be wonderful."
"Would you like to spa? I have some swim suits that should fit you"
"I would love to."
Catherine walks over to the spa pump and starts it up along with the heater.
"Come with me to the house and get changed."
I follow Catherine into the house and she pulls some trunks from the hall closet. She shows me where to change in the back bedroom and tells me she will meet me out by the spa in a few minutes. I unlace my tennis shoes and kick them off. I drop my shorts and replace them with the trunks before heading outside again. I walk over to the chaise lounge and make myself comfortable.
I enjoy the view and wait for Catherine. After several minutes, Catherine finally joins me.
"Here's your beer and I brought some towels for us."
I reach for the beer and nearly fall off the chaise lounge. Catherine is wearing a bright green bikini that leaves nothing to the imagination. Oh my god, my eyes pop out of my head. Her bikini top is not much more than a couple of triangles that strain to keep her huge breasts contained. Her bottom is just a little more than a thong with a bit of lace at the top.
"Catherine, what are you wearing, or should I say what are you not wearing?"
She smiles, "Oh, so you approve. I figured I owe you a treat for that wonderful foot massage. Usually, I don't wear anything at all back here. You've been ogling my breasts since the first time we met, so don't act so surprised."
Catherine bends over to give me a kiss and her tits nearly fall out of her top. The cups of her top only cover her areole and leave a lot of skin showing on all sides. She grabs my hand and pulls me to my feet.
"Come on. The spa is ready for us."
We put our beers by the side of the spa. I hold Catherine's hand as she steps down into the hot tub. I follow her and settle into the warm water. We sit on the spa bench with the water swirling around us.
I stare at Catherine's boobs floating in the water. Her green bikini top does nothing to reign in her mounds. My cock starts to grow under the water. I reach down to adjust my shaft moving it up along my thigh.
I remark, "This feels so good after the 10K. Thank you for inviting me over. I was planning on asking you to my house for a true all over massage."
Catherine moves closer to me, "Well I think I will take you up on that offer. I've been planning this since I first met you. I'm glad we connected."
I reach for my beer and sip a few ounces. Catherine moves even closer to me as our hips rub together. She touches my chin and moves my lips closer to hers. I lean to her and we share a deep kiss. Her tongue moves tentatively against my lips, testing my response. I open my mouth and touch her tongue with mine. We press together with a sloppy wet open mouth kiss. The water continues to heat up.
I reach up to green top that seems to just float over her tits and lift it up, freeing her tits to my gaze.
"This really isn't covering you is it?"
Catherine smiles, "It was never intended to. I just wanted to wear it for you. Like I told you, I never wear clothes in my backyard."
"Do you know how beautiful you are?"
I reach up and touch the side of her right boob, feeling her breast for the first time. Catherine grabs my hand and moves it over her erect nipple. She sits higher in the spa which lifts her tits well above the water line. I get a sense of how big her breasts are. They are rounded with a little sag that comes with maturity. Her boobs flow nicely from her upper chest with dark red areole that measure at least four inches in diameter and large suck-able nipples.
I palm her right breast and lift it up checking its weight and mass. My other hand moves to her left breast and kneads her flesh. I push her boobs together creating an enticing view of deep cleavage.
"When you took off your sweatshirt this morning and I saw your nipples poke through your t-shirt, I wanted to reach over and feel them. It took all my resolve not to touch you."
I lift her right breast up and lower my lips to her large, erect nipple. I suck her nipple between my lips, tasting her skin for the first time. I use my tongue to lick all around her crimson areole and then suck on her nipple again. Catherine reaches around to the back of my head and presses my face into her mounds of flesh.
Catherine whispers, "I have a red cocktail dress that I wear with my satin deme-bra. I'll have to model it for you some evening. I know you will be mesmerized. So tell me my breast worshiper, am I having an effect on you? Stand up and let me see."
Reluctantly, I pull away from Catherine and stand up. My bathing suit clings to me and displays a noticeable bulge in front.
Catherine looks me in the eye and says, "We don't need these."
She grabs my trunks by the waistband and yanks down, revealing my very erect seven inch cock for her inspection. Catherine licks her lips.
"Mmmm, so thick and shaved too. If I'd known about this ten days ago, I'd have taken you home that night."
Catherine pushes my trunks all the way down and I step out of them. She flings them over toward the chaise lounge. I stand in front of her with my erect cock just above the swirling water of the spa and pointing straight out. Catherine wraps her left hand around my shaft and pumps me several times. She looks intently at my swollen glans and balls that hang low from the hot water. Her right hand reaches up and cups my ball sack and lifts my family jewels testing their weight.
"I love that your balls hang so low, it makes it easier to suck on them."
And that is just what she does. Catherine bends down a bit and pulls my sack up to her mouth. She opens wide and sucks each one into her mouth. She alternates sucking my balls while holding my cock upright. After releasing them she licks up my shaft from bottom to top. Catherine pulls down on my shaft and swallows me up, sucking on my glans and an inch or more. She jacks me off while sucking on the tip.
"I love your cock, it's just right for me. I can only handle a few inches; I've never been able to do that deep throat thing."
"Believe me Catherine, you are making my eyes water. Keep doing what you are doing."
Catherine tells me to sit up on the edge of the spa so she can concentrate her efforts. I grab a towel and sit on it with my legs spread wide. She faces me and holds my seven inches with both hands. As she jacks me off she sucks as much of my cock as she can without gagging and swirls her tongue around. She alternates between sucking on my spongy tip and licking up and down my length.
"Cum in my mouth, Rob. I want to taste and swallow all of it. Get ready for my triple threat."
Before I can ask what she means by triple threat, Catherine wraps her left hand around my shaft and squeezes hard moving it rapidly back and forth. She uses her right hand to play with my balls, running her fingers around and around each nut. And then she sucks as much of my cock as she can and applies a forceful suction while moving her tongue back and forth along the underside of the crown.
I understand what she means by triple threat as my need for release skyrockets. She works my cock over like no one has before. My climax builds quickly and the tingling sensation travels from my root up to my tip. Catherine draws my first orgasm from deep within my being. I unleash several spurts of cum into her waiting mouth. She blinks and her eyes water as she takes all of my seed. Catherine continues to pump my shaft and squeeze down on my balls until I feel faint.
"Oh my god, where did you learn to do that?"
Catherine pulls her mouth from my cock while maintaining her tight grip and gulps down the load. She swirls her tongue around her lips, tasting my cum as she continues to swallow every bit of it. Finally she smacks her lips with satisfaction.
"Mmmm, you taste great. I haven't been able to do that for a long time, it's good to have a man in my spa again. I hope you'll stay for a while?"
How can I not want to stay with this goddess? Catherine pulls me down from the edge of the spa by my cock. I slip into the hot water and we embrace. Her tits squish between us and she plants a deep kiss on my lips. I open my mouth and welcome her tongue still coated with my fresh jizz. I taste myself as we swap spit and cum; our tongues parry back and forth.
We are both a bit winded from that wild ride.
"You like?"
I respond, "Yes and what I need now is to pleasure you in the same way."
Catherine stands up and I grab her green bikini bottoms, pulling them down over her slim hips. I have her step out of the thong and toss it over by my trunks. I place my hand between her thighs forcing her to spread her legs. I need a close up of her pussy. She looks delicious. Catherine sports a neatly trimmed triangle of light brown hair that covers her mons and ends just above her clit. Her brown pubic hair is sprinkled with a few grey hairs as well. Her outer lips are full and very pink from the hot water. I remember earlier seeing the pronounced camel toe on her white shorts. Now I see why. Her lips are full, puffy and so smooth.
"I see you shave too, Catherine."
She smiles and acknowledges that she like to keep neat and clean for occasions like this; although it has been a long time. Catherine's dark red inner labia hang down about a half inch from within her slit. I know I will love sucking them between my lips and tasting her essence. I stick my tongue out and lick her hanging red lips from bottom to top.
"OK my dear, your turn for sitting on the ledge. I want to eat that pussy and taste your juices. I want you to climax as hard as I just did."
I stand and help Catherine to sit on the towel on the edge of the spa. I dip back down into the hot swirling water and spread her legs. I move in close to her pussy for a taste. Her inner labia open like a lotus blossom providing sweet nectar for me. I drill my tongue right into the center of her honey pot. I snake my tongue up and down her pussy and taste her juices mingled with the chlorine of the spa water. I lick all around her thighs and suck her inner labia between my lips. Catherine wraps her hands behind my head and pulls me tight against her cunt. I use my tongue to drill deep into her core and then slide up to find her clitoris.
"You're hitting all the right spots; you're driving me crazy."
I concentrate on Catherine's clit to help her build towards her orgasm. Her pussy is wide open and screams for two fingers. I slide my index and middle fingers deep into her gash. I piston them in and out while I use my thumb to stimulate her little pink pearl which appears from beneath its hood.
"Run your fingers across my g-spot, it feels so good."
I curl my fingers and search for her special ridge. I find the bump and rub it vigorously driving her crazy.
"Oh god, you found it. Oh geez."
I continue massaging her g-spot and then attack her clit with my tongue. I lick up and down and left and right. Her clit extends a bit more and I suck it between my lips which triggers her climax. I feel her pussy throb and clench my fingers. Catherine erupts and I lap at her cum as she squeezes her legs together trapping my head between her thighs. I feel her shake and quiver as her orgasm washes over her entire body.
"Yes Rob, yes Rob. Eeyowwww, I'm cumming, I'm cumming. Feels so good. My pussy is so hot."
I am trapped as Catherine rides out her climax. This is too good. I love her response. What a wonderful cum. Catherine slowly comes back to earth and relaxes her legs. I am able to move and to breathe. She leans back with her hands supporting her. Her legs are wide open showing red pussy lips and throbbing labia. Her juices cover her mound and thighs. I move in and lick all over her thighs and puffy outer lips tasting her sweet cum.
After I feast, I reach for her hand and help her sink back down in the swirling spa water. We embrace again, just as we did after she swallowed my load. We share another sloppy kiss and she licks her juices from my face. We hold each other tight for several minutes.
It's three o'clock and the sun shines brightly. The temperature has reached the mid-80s.
"Well my walking friend, how do we top this?"
"We don't Catherine, we just add to it. Let's rest and recharge and then I'm sure we'll think of something."
We stand up and I help her out of the spa, I step up and out too. I pick up the towels and we dry each other. Naturally, I spend extra time drying her tits and bend over to kiss each nipple. She grabs her towel and spends extra time drying my cock. She wraps the towel around my semi-erect shaft and squeezes me. When she finishes drying me, Catherine walks over to the spa pump and shuts it off. We don't bother to put our suits back on. I move the chaise lounges together facing out to the open space and place the towels on them.
We lie back on the lounges and soak up the sun. We hold hands as we warm up and sunbathe in the nude.
"Thank you for that Catherine, but I want to make love with you. I want to be inside you."
"I want that too. I want to feel that hard cock deep inside my pussy. Ten minutes? My bed?
The midday sun heats our bodies and prepares us for the next round.