Nellie stood in front of the full length mirror looking slowly up and down her body. Every detail of her body had been carefully formed and kept over the years. From her strawberry blonde hair to her full, firm breasts, she worked at keeping herself in top form. Smiling at what she saw, she ran her hands over her fully nude body, lingering on her breasts and pussy. For her age her body was superb! She knew she could compare to girls half her age and put them to shame; all the attention and stares she got proved it. She remembered many thru the years who wanted to bed her down, and though they never had a chance...yet they still chased after her. There had been some "outside" sex in her marriage, just regular "run-of-the-mill" sex, nothing exotic and earth shaking. She figured all her "meetings" were unknown to her husband...or so she hoped. A few times he had guessed as much, but hadn't pushed the issue when she blew-up at his mentioning the possibility of her cheating.
Each of these times she had been very careful and in complete control of the entire situation. But her past conquests weren't what held her attention today. Slipping into a black thong and a sheer black bra, she chose a black dress almost too tight and revealing for where she was going. Church, after all, was supposed to be conservative and decent...not alluring and sexy. Although, she thought, no one would see what she didn't have on under the skin tight dress, she'd know and feel the excitement and sexual energy because of it. And today, with her head spinning with confusion, she needed the sexual energy. If she proceeded with what she thought of as a dangerous and daring turn in her life, she'd need all the help she could muster. She had two options. One; dangerous and daring, yet exciting and fulfilling a long hidden fantasy world...or...Two; status quo. She still wasn't totally sure.
The church was decorated for Christmas, and Nellie was playing the piano, surrounded by poinsettias. The red flowers contrasted nicely with her black sexy dress. Anyone on the platform had a bird's eye view of the congregation, and Nellie made good use of her position to watch for his arrival. He came in late. She glanced briefly at the young man, but was careful not to seem overly interested. This was his third Sunday. Scott was relatively new to the town and church, but was not to be overlooked anywhere he went. Not too tall, but with an athletic build and something about his eyes. Something different, intriguing, stimulating; something sensual and quietly commanding. She had been instantly intrigued. She was always in control; her marriage, the church, her family...she had never been out of control. She didn't follow - she led. Maybe that was one of the problems with her marriage, she silently mused as the service went on, her husband was passive. Passive about life, their marriage, the church...about everything.
Her husband had started preaching, and she now was seated towards the front like always, but she wasn't listening. She was thinking and wrestling with a decision. Three Sundays ago, Scott had entered her world very quietly and mysteriously...and now she must decide if he should stay or leave. She thought back...a mere two weeks back.
The first time she saw him in church had been instantly intriguing. It was something about him that caused her interest; she couldn't place a finger on just what it was. They immediately became friends, of a sort, but not anything that seemed out of the ordinary for a preacher's wife. The second Sunday it started. Nellie had finished with the music portion of the night service, and upon leaving the platform had went to the Ladies Restroom. Coming out of the stall she stopped, gasping at the sight of Scott standing and watching her. Mustering a small giggle, she said, "Wrong room buddy...yours is on the left!".
"No..." he softly but firmly replied, "I'm in the right room."
Puzzled, Nellie also softly said, "No, seriously, this is the ladies room..."
Stepping forward towards Nellie he stopped a foot apart. The "in-control" aspect of Nellie's nature wouldn't let her back up, and she stood defiantly. Though now becoming a bit irritated, she was intrigued yet again with this young man.
"I know who you are," he began quietly, "I've read your posts online."
For a moment she stood motionless and quiet, then said "I really need to get back to the service...". Then as if on second thought she asked, "Posts...what posts?"
"The many posts that you, under a very different name, wrote. Online you write as "Queen of Sheba"." At the mention of the name Nellie's eyes grew wide and she froze. "I know you...better than anyone here knows you...better than your own husband knows you. You want to be controlled...you NEED to be controlled. You have this secret overwhelming desire to be "out of control" and entirely submissive. You call yourself a "Queen" but really want to become a slave...a sex slave. You want to feel what it's like to be controlled and submissive. That, according to your posts and stories, is something you've never felt, never done."
"You're just plain crazy!" she laughed. Then with a slight smile she added, "Wrong room, wrong girl...just plain wrong!"
His body suddenly and roughly rammed hers up against the wall, with his hands pinning her wrists to her sides. His strength was overpowering; he was stronger than he looked. Her first instincts were to fight back and scream something at him, but his mouth covered hers, crushing her lips and kissing her hard. She wanted to scream...or did she? Something inside her instantly was aroused and set on fire. She was speechless, and all her fight was held in check for the moment.
"This is what you've been writing about." he said as he released her hands, but kept his body against hers. Beginning to softly squeeze her breasts he added, "I'm what you've been fantasizing about. Now you have a decision to make. I can make all of your fantasies come true...your wildest erotic dreams...your most taboo desires. I can do it, if you really want it. If you REALLY want it to be real, and not just in your head. " Her clinched fists remained motionless at her sides. "I'll send you my rules, and if you accept, I'll stay. If you decline, I'll leave. Your choice, but if you accept, you will agree to do EVERYTHING I say without question."
Nellie's head was spinning. He KNEW who she was online! NOBODY knew that side of her life; her secret, sensual, fantasy alter ego had been discovered! The in control, near perfect, preacher's wife was for the first time ever, thrown off balance and unsure of what to do! She could feel his warm breath in her ear and feel his hard erection growing against her body. She was angry, yet excited; completely lost, yet seemingly where she always wanted to be. All of her emotions bombarded her at the same moment.
"Keep your phone on." he whispered, and left.
Service was almost over, as Nellie came back to her senses. It would be today. She had lived wishing secretly for another life...but knowing she'd never get it. Now...now she was being offered two lives. A real world and an erotic dream world. Scott's rules were simple and direct. "Do whatever he commanded, whenever, however, and with whomever." His text message was sent only once, and gave her a week to reply.
Service was nearing the end. Nellie wondered if she actually could let someone "control" her like he was saying, and if he would, or could, actually bring her imaginary "sex world" to life. She hesitated, then took out her phone and sent one text. "No pain, only safe sex, and my marriage stays intact." Moments later came the reply. "Done".
Later, leaving the building Scott shook Nellie's hand as she whispered, "I'm yours.". Her eyes lingering on his back as he left, she softly whispered, "I think...I'm still really not sure."
Her husband leaned over and asked, "...what's that?"
Flashing a quick smile to cover, she winked, "I said I hope he pays his tithes for sure!"
That night during church Nellie noticed Scott in his usual place. Shortly after he arrived, while she was still on the platform, she got a message. She frowned. This was not the place. Glancing down she scanned the message, "After service meet me - make excuse."
Over and hour later church was over, everyone was leaving, and she still couldn't make up her mind if she wanted to go through with this or not. She sighed, took out her phone and sent her reply to Scott, "Can't come." She closed her eyes and shook her head. Status Quo seemed to be her life. No dreams, no erotic taboo fantasies...nothing.
Sipping a glass of wine, Nellie stared into the fireplace. She sat alone, wearing only her black thong, her bra having been tossed aside on the couch. A blanket loosely covered her shoulders, falling open down the front to reveal her perfect full breasts. She glanced down at her nipples. Sexy hard dark nubs protruding out, from the chill in the room. How many eyes would love to voyeur her at this moment, she thought. Did her husband object to her sitting half nude in the middle of the night...probably. He certainly objected to her wine, but then again, she frowned, he objected to a lot she did. The only thing not passive about his behavior, were his occasional weak objections; and yet, they too were passive. Church was over, her husband was in bed (he never stayed up - even for her), and now she sat alone. Wrapped in her thoughts and her blanket, she sipped on her wine, pondering her life. The wine was taking the desired effect and her thoughts flowed a bit more uninhibited now. The "formal, decent, upstanding" side of her relaxed, giving way to her wilder, sensual, daring side. Her hand slowly made its way down inside the blanket touching her pussy lips. Her finger slowly circled her clitoris and she closed her eyes. Bring her finger up, she dipped it into her wine then slowly started inserting it between her little hot pussy lips. Her eyes closed and her head fell back against the couch. Whispering quietly to the dancing flames she said, "...should've told him "can't cum"...not "can't come"...", with a half smile appearing on her face as she continued enjoying herself.
"You could cum..."
Nellie jumped and spun at the sound of another voice in the dimly lit room! Staring wildly into the shadows, she fiercely called out, "Who...who's there!?!"
Out of the shadows stepped a dark figure, moving slowly towards the flickering light. He stopped to take in her beauty. Wearing only her black thong and holding her glass of wine, she was erotic and stunning, he thought. Her full breasts and hard nipples gleamed in the firelight, above a perfectly flat stomach. She was more perfect than he imagined. Seeing her topless for the first time caused him to nod his head and smile approvingly.
Nellie let out a small gasp, her anger and fear momentarily lost, "Scott...!?!". Grabbing her blanket to cover herself, the wide eyed beauty moved a step closer to the shadowy intruder.
"Ssshhh...you'll wake the dead." the shadowy figure replied.
The surprise of it being someone she knew now over, Nellie's anger returned. "What the...! What are you doing in my house!?!" she stammered, glaring angrily at Scott. A sound and movement coming down the stairs caused her to spin around!
"Honey, is that you?" called a sleepy voice.
"Oh...yeah...just messing around down here." she quickly reassured her sleepy husband. Quickly she ran to meet him halfway up the stairs. "You know, couldn't sleep. Go on back to bed...I'll be up in a bit." Nellie tried to sound calm, though she was anything but calm. Slowly, mumbling something, her husband shuffled back up the stairs to their room. Having made sure he was back in bed, she nearly flew back down the stairs. Scanning the room she finally saw movement in the darkness that turned again into a form.
"Are you out of your mind? Breaking into my house..." she almost yelled, but reined herself in just in time.
He cut her off with a low command, "Be quiet...now come over here."
Eyes wide and mouth open, she stared. "Do what...?" she demanded.
"Perhaps you forgot our agreement."
Nellie's eyes narrowed into slits, her anger slowly being overcome by her rising sexual interest. Standing very still, she took a sip of her wine. Starring deep into his eyes all anger slowly gave way to erotic curiosity. Very slowly one of her feet slid in his direction. A moment, then the other foot, until she was within reach of this mysterious man. Reaching out he took her glass and drank it's contents, then setting it down, he reached out to pull Nellie towards him. She resisted, not wholeheartedly, but gently held back.
"You stood me up tonight." he whispered, "one time I'll understand and forgive. YOU asked for this fantasy, not once, but many times - online and in person. YOUR online blogs and stories, and YOUR body language every time we were together. I fully expected some hesitation on your part, but that time is over. You said that you were mine." He stopped, looking deep into her searching eyes, "Now is your last chance. I'm not demanding now, just awaiting your final answer. If it is YES this time...then I will be demanding. More so than you've ever known, but also you'll feel and experience sex like you never have before. You'll become more erotic, your orgasms more explosive, and you'll discover things about yourself you never knew before. But...you MUST give me complete control. In return I'll give you your WILDEST fantasies, even more than you've dreamed about."
The few moments of their silence seemed like an hour, with the crackling of the fire the only sound in the room. Finally, sighing heavily, she breathed a very small "ok". He understood. It was done.
Drawing her close, without resistance this time, he kissed her lightly. "Drop the blanket" he softly commanded. A moment passed, then the blanket dropped around her feet. Once more he looked over her body. "You're so beautiful...erotic and sensual." Lightly pinching a nipple he caressed both breasts. He softly kissed her lips, face, and neck, then again to her open waiting lips; this time hard and long. His tongue probing and intertwining with her own searching tongue. Once again she felt him growing big and hard against her own body. Sexual excitement surged throughout her body, overcoming all resistance and hesitation. She reached out for his body. Immediately he broke off the kiss and spun her around against the wall. Pushing her hard into the wall he pinned her arms above her head.
"When we're together, you will never touch, speak, move, or even think without asking my permission." He paused then said, " Keep your arms up..." Reaching into his pocket he pulled something out and continued, "...I have something that I was going to give you at our meeting tonight. You see, not only will I give you your wildest fantasies and dreams, but if you do as I say...I'll do even more." He then, with her arms still aloft, began fastening a necklace around her neck. Finishing, he stepped back a quietly added, " You may lower your arms and see what I gave you."
Nellie slowly let her hands slide down to her breasts, and lifted the necklace up to see it. She gasped, her eyes went wide and she stared. A heart shaped diamond necklace! "It must be at least two and a half carats!" she barely spoke.
"Three to be exact."
"Why..." she started to ask.
Putting a finger to her full lips, he reminded her, "No questions, remember? You only do as I say, never question, never hesitate, only obey." He caressed her breasts and softly added, "You are mine...and the necklace is yours. It's that simple."
His next kiss left her breathless, her head already dizzy from the night's turn of events. As he took her hand, she followed without any resistance to the couch. "Sit." He said. She willingly obeyed looking up to him for further instructions. He knelt between her legs and pulled her thong slowly down to her ankles, then off entirely. Nellie fought the urge to resist as she felt her thong being removed. She had never let anyone control her like this, and it took everything she had to remain still and calm. She focused on her fantasy world; erotic, sensual, and ... Her thoughts were interrupted by the touch of his tongue on her inner thighs!
Scott had seen a few unusual erotic beauties in his time, a step above the rest, and Nellie certainly fit in with the top ones. He gently held her legs apart as he started kissing and licking her inner thighs, moving slowly upwards. The smell of her perfume on her soft "landing strip" was mixed with a faint scent of wine. He smiled, remembering seeing her hand slip down "south" in the glow of the dim firelight. His tongue circled her clit, as he kissed and nibbled on her pussy lips. He began to probe and explore her warm, wet, pussy with his darting tongue.
Nellie had, many times, been "gone down on"...but never in her living room with the chance of being discovered by her husband! The thought of it sent an erotic excitement rushing thru her body as never before! She closed her eyes and softly moaned, as his tongue started flicking faster in and out of her pussy. His hands expertly caressed her breasts and lightly pinched her nipples, pushing her further and faster than she'd ever had a man do. Bringing her to the edge was quicker than either of them expected, and both could feel her orgasm building. Sensing her body had all it could take, and was about to explode, he slowed - then stopped.
"You don't waste any time, do you baby?"
"Never this quick..." she breathed heavily.
"It's only the beginning." he said and then taking her by the hand led her towards the stairs.
When Nellie realized his intentions, she hesitated ever so slightly. Her hesitancy caused him to pause, turn to her and whisper, "Remember, there will be uncertainty and fear along the way, but to unlock your erotic dreamworld you must trust me. Then, gently leading her, he started up the stairs towards her bedroom. Each step she climbed heightened her excitement, and at the same time lowered her resistance to being controlled.
The two shadowy figures entered the bedroom, stopped briefly to listen, then crossed silently to the darkest part of the room, and waited. The heavy breathing coming from the bed continued uninterrupted. Nellie held her breath, never actually having done anything this daring...except in the stories she wrote. It was electrifying! He could wake up at any moment and catch them...and that very thing drove her excitement higher! He pushed her up against the wall and slowly slid down to his knees, where he once again focused all his attention on her hot, tight, pussy. This time instead of closing her eyes, she stared thru the semi-darkness at the sleeping form on the bed. The fear of getting caught, mixed with the feeling starting to build once again deep inside of her, created an electricity like she'd never felt! Her whole body was on fire!
Scott trusted his naked sex kitten standing above him to keep the lookout. Pushing his tongue in as far as he could, he licked and sucked, while caressing both breasts. Flicking his tongue across her clitoris, he felt her body convulse, and then go rigid. He knew the level of eroticism that coursed thru her veins at the moment was at an all time high, and began screwing her with his tongue faster and harder. Her breathing became fast and shallow; her nipples, hard and on fire under his expert fingers. All seemed to stop, and nothing else mattered as she felt her orgasm building to it's peak! Her eyes now shut...her sleeping husband all but forgotten...she became lost in another world. Suddenly, her nails dug deep into Scott's back as the explosions rocked her body! She came hard, doing everything she could to keep quite! The explosion deep inside of her body was like nothing she'd ever had! Her naked body seemed on fire and tense, she felt more alive than every before. Wave after wave rocked her body, as Scott pushed deeper, faster, and harder! Slowly he touched the side of his face, and he slowed to look up at her. Her legs started to tremble, weak and exhausted. Without any smile or words, only her eyes showed what she was feeling. Exhilarating, erotic, and far beyond anything she's experienced...she wanted more.
"The night is only just beginning, my erotic beauty..." whispered Scott.
Slipping out of the house had been easy. Nellie's husband was a heavy sleeper, once he was out, and by now he would be out 'till morning. Scott had merely told her to grab her heels and lock the house up. Her only sign of reluctance was her raised eyebrows. He knew she was a strong-willed woman, and appreciated her overcoming her own urge to lead. Near naked in the moonlight, wearing only her thong, he carried her to his waiting car. "A gentleman at heart." he said smiling as he closed her door. Once in the car he instructed her to pull out the contents of the box in the back seat, and put it on.
"It's quite sexy..." she said after wriggling into it. Black, low cut front, no back, and a very short skirt; all in all, a very sexy dress. Slipping on her heels she had brought completed her ensemble.
Almost an hour later, he pulled off the road into a dimly lit drive and waited as an iron gate opened slowly. Driving down a tree lined stone driveway, they soon lost sight of the road and entered a world semi-hidden by trees and shrubbery. Out of the darkness a huge mansion slowly came into view, with only a few lights lighting the doorway. Nellie gasped, "I didn't know this was here, it's beautiful! What is it...?"
He smiled and reminded her, "The rules, baby. From here on out, tonight, you must follow the rules...if this is to work. Just follow my lead, no questions."
"Sorry..." she weakly replied, upset at herself for forgetting.
Driving up to the front, he was instantly met by two valets, and slowed to a stop. Allowing one valet to assist Nellie out of the car, he got out and tossed the keys to the second man. Giant double oak doors swung open, as they climbed the marble stairs, where they were met by two more men. A mask was given to each of them, and she instantly looked to Scott for guidance on what to do. He merely nodded for her to follow at his side, and they proceeded down a great hallway, towards another set of doors. It became increasingly evident to Nellie that she was entering a totally different world than she had ever known. As the second set of doors opened, Scott drew her close and whispered in her ear, "If you really want your fantasy, this is where we start." He paused, waiting for this to sink in, then continued, "From here on out, you must loose your dress. Only your black thong, heels, and the mask. The mask helps protect your identity, as was our agreement on not wrecking your marriage."
Nellie's eyes went wide, and she swallowed hard. For a brief moment she was silent. Then in hushed tones, with her face showing absolutely no emotion, she whispered back, "I already decided, back at the house. I'm yours." Then without further prompting, she slid out of the dress, and placed the mask on her face, noticing Scott's mask was also in place. Her black dress was taken, as they entered the next room, by another woman...totally nude...wearing only a mask. She stopped taking in the whole room. A Christmas tree and lights illuminated the semi-dark room, along with the pool table and bar lights. It took only a moment to absorb what she was seeing, and who was seeing her. Only the men were clothed, but all wore masks. And the women all wore masks too...but also had one other thing in common; all wore a necklace. She subconsciously felt her own heart shaped diamond necklace...big and eye-catching, a match to any other in the room. Scott knew what he was doing, she thought silently. Never before had she been anywhere like this. And to be topless! The thrill of being seen, or rather watched, instantly started kicking her libido into overdrive. Glancing around she saw that she was indeed being watched...like she was the main dish on the menu. She smiled at the thought, but then thought maybe desert was more her style.
Scott led her to the bar, ordered two drinks, and upon being served gave one to Nellie. He whispered, "Down the hatch...your fantasy requires less inhibitions." She drained her drink, set her glass down, and looked to Scott for the next instruction.
"You're beautiful." she heard a small feminine voice to her left say, as she felt a hand touch her shoulder. A young blonde, she guessed about nineteen, had moved up beside her. Her hand traveled down Nellie's shoulder, tracing an imaginary line to her fingertips. Intertwining her fingers with Nellie's, she pulled Nellie closer and touched her face with her other small hand. Nellie, a little nervous, glanced in Scott's direction for guidance. He leaned over and whispered into her ear, "It's all right. Follow her lead."
"My name is Holly...and tonight, yours will be Candy...she purred while lightly touching both of Nellie's already hard nipples. From somewhere behind Nellie, two hands started caressing Nellie's back, running down to her waist, then reaching around to her thong covered pussy. The man behind her slowly explored her body...his growing hard cock pressing against her. "Holly" started kissing her breasts and licking her nipples, while the unseen man's hand started exploring beneath her thong. She stiffened and shot a wide-eyed frantic look towards Scott, who only smiled and nodded his head slightly. The fear of not knowing what was next raced thru her veins like ice water, sending her into a near panic! A woman? She'd never "been" with a woman...never kissed, or anything, with another woman. Slowing her breathing she collected her thoughts. The rules...he'd said "whomever, whenever, whatever...however...", her thoughts were interrupted by a finger starting to probe her now throbbing pussy. Her fear was being overrun by her drive. Slowly, instinctively, without thinking, she started to move her hips forward to meet his thrusts. She knew she was slipping away, but somehow couldn't help it...somehow didn't care. Her body was craving the attention it was getting from the man...and the girl! She'd never been touched by another woman, she thought as she stared at the little blonde beauty in front of her. It was erotic. VERY erotic...and very sensual. Putting one hand on the hand that was finger-fucking her, she started increasing his speed and force, while her other hand began to coax the blonde into sucking her nipples harder. It was like a drug, she couldn't fight it. The crowded room was lost, the fear and hesitation gone, only lust, desire, and a need for sexual fulfillment remained. And it grew stronger by the moment. Her head resting back on the man's shoulder behind her, she leaned into him, feeling her orgasm beginning to build. Knowing she was getting close to cumming, Nellie tried to hold off a little longer, wanting this new erotic feeling to last as long as it could. It might've worked, but then the sexy little blonde leaned over and whispered into Nellie's ear, "I want to fuck you baby, so bad!" Nellie gasped and felt an explosion deep inside her wet pussy, sending shockwaves thru out her whole body! Held tight between the man and girl, Nellie bucked and moaned loud enough for everyone in the room to hear. Her body tense and rigid, her breathing stopped and she was lost until her orgasm was over. She opened her eyes, out of breath, and looked around. Realizing the whole room was watching, she also realized that she didn't care...actually...she kinda liked it. They had watched her, some random masked woman, perform a sex act.
Early that morning, arriving back at Nellie's house, Scott once again carried her into her house. Not seeing anyone up, he led her over to the fireplace, which now only glowed with dying embers. Facing her toward the mirror surrounding the fireplace, he removed her dress and thong, and whispered in her ear, "Tonight you were given some fantasies of yours, and there will be more...but now it's my turn." And then dropping his pants, he guided his thick swollen cock towards her tight pussy. Without foreplay and without warning, he suddenly and forcibly rammed his hard cock between her pussy lips! With a silent scream, Nellie's body jerked as a dick larger than she'd ever had, penetrated her body! The pain mixed with pleasure as she felt like his size would rip her apart, but once inside her he stopped...remaining still. Her body quivered, absorbing the pain of his size. Her sexual experiences had all been normal...regular...in size and in manner. This was different. Since she met Scott, everything he did, everything about him, was totally extreme! The size of his rock hard cock inside her, filled her with a new sensation she'd never experienced. Moaning ever so slightly she tried to relax her muscles, but then gave up trying to be quite. She couldn't help moaning out loud, her whole body was on fire. He started to move slowly out, then back in, making her moaning and groaning even louder. Nellie was slipping away into another fantasy world, as he, methodical and rhythmic kept his pace. The erotism and sexual fulfillment of the moment engulfed her, drawing her into a fantasy land only dreamed about before. "You are SOOO TIGHT!", the stud behind her breathed into her ear. Increasing his pace he added, "I'm gonna fuck 'till you scream, baby...".
Wanting it as bad as he did, she hissed, "Do it! Fuck me hard! Ooohh...". Her words were all it took to push Scott over the edge, and he began slamming her pussy with all he had! Ramming his huge cock in and out of her, he held nothing back, shaking her body with each hit. Her body shook, her breasts swayed, and her tight little pussy was being fucked like never before. He had waited patiently to fuck her, his libido in overdrive since he first met her, and knew he wouldn't last long. She could feel his swelling and knew he was about to cum, "Fuck me...cum in me!" she cried, forgetting everything but the feeling of his oversized dick inside her. Bent slightly over, she could see him in the mirror behind her, and found it very erotic to watch him fucking her. She had never actually watched herself get fucked. With his hands on her hips, he began moving like a mad man, then suddenly shot his hot load deep inside her! Nellie could feel him exploding inside her, but he didn't stop. Finally, out of breath, he slowed to a stop and stood holding her against him. Standing up, she leaned against his chest as he wrapped his arms around her, holding her close.
Regaining his composure, he quietly said, "You are so small...I've never had anyone as tight as you! You fuck good...very good."
"Could it just be that you're overly huge? I thought you were gonna split me open!" she laughed softly.
"And what about you wanting "safe sex"? One of your rules. You didn't ask for a condom..."
Turning she looked into his eyes, "Wasn't thinking about it...only the feeling you gave me. And remember, I am yours. I think I'm gonna like being "owned" by you."
Morning found Nellie asleep on the couch, the fire long dead, and her bra still on the back of the couch. Her husband roughly woke her saying, "If you'd lay off the wine, maybe you could make it up the stairs to bed." Mumbling something else, with disgust showing in his voice, he went to make coffee.
"You're right...sorry." Nellie covered her smile. Suddenly remembering the diamond necklace, she flashed a quick look his way and hurriedly took it off. Not sure if he saw it, she continued as if nothing happened, watching his reaction. Nothing. She hoped he missed it.
It was Monday, the first day of her Christmas vacation; a whole week had been taken to shop, enjoy Christmas, and just relax. Now...she was thinking she might have new plans. The day flew by, with her mind and body thinking and wanting only one thing. Another meeting with her "master". Smiling to herself, she wondered how she could change so much, so quickly. Her fantasies were indeed becoming reality, her sex drive at an all time high, and finally her "other" side felt alive! She waited for Scott to contact her. She knew she couldn't initiate the call; she was his "sex slave" and awaited his beckoning.
The text message had been brief and commanding. He didn't ask, he told. He knew now she would obey.
That night, once her husband was soundly sleeping again, she slipped outside to the waiting car. A short drive later they arrived at one of the classiest hotels the city had to offer, and entered the parking garage. Handing her sunglasses and a clip-on hair piece, her appearance was changed into a raven haired beauty without any recognizable traits. The best suite in the hotel was theirs for the night, and her delight showed on her face. Taking her coat, he instructed her to sit on the couch facing the fireplace, with her eyes closed. Moments later she felt his hands taking her hand and putting something in it. "Open your eyes and look." he said. Nellie's mouth fell open as she stared at two diamond earrings. Heart shaped diamonds, matching her necklace hanging between her breasts! "These are for you." he said, and then added, "and you are for her...". From out of the bedroom walked a young blonde girl. It was the girl from the mansion party, it was the girl called Holly!
"Holly, she is yours to fuck. She will do whatever you say. For now, you own her." Scott said, and then went to the bar to make drinks.
Taking Nellie's hand, Holly led her to the semi-dark bedroom, illuminated only by candles. Holly started undressing Nellie, who wore nothing but her earrings and necklace when Holly was finished. "Now you take mine off...but don't unbutton anything. I want you to rip my clothes off." she said smiling a very erotic smile. Nellie had never even dreamed of anything like this, but found it to her liking right away! Starting with her blouse, she began ripping the young girl's clothes off, piece by piece. The more Nellie tore off, the wetter her pussy became, feeling an eroticism never felt before. Scott walked in with drinks, looking over the two nude sex kittens. Again he commanded Nellie to drain the glass, and both she and the girl obeyed. Sitting to the side, Scott sipped his drink while watching.
Holly instructed her sex slave to lay on the bed, while she took something out of a bag. Nellie could feel the effects of the alcohol starting, and lay back watching the girl's body with lust. Flat tummy, perky breasts, and a totally shaved pussy...she was sexy. Holly pulled out a strap-on dick, and didn't waste any time putting it on. "Sorry, but we'll play later. Right now I need to fuck you! Ever since last night, I've wanted to fuck you so bad!" She added, "You're the sexiest MILF I've ever seen...and you are mine. Open your legs, bitch!" The roughness and name actually turned Nellie on, and she didn't know why. But she liked it. She knew the girl was going to fuck her...but strangely, she found herself wanting to be the one doing the fucking.
Crawling on top of Nellie she lightly nipped her nipples, and then kissed her hard and long. Breaking off the kiss, she looked into Nellie's eyes and said, "There's something about you..." then slammed her strap-on "cock" into Nellie's already hot and wet pussy! Once she started, she fucked like a wild animal. Squeezing her breasts, biting her nipples, and ramming her "cock" with all the strength she had, Holly was relentless in her attack. Repeatedly she'd ask Nellie if she was her bitch, or her cunt. And each time Nellie would respond with a whimpering "...yes...I'm your bitch...", or "...I'm your cunt! Please...fuck me!". Bringing Nellie to her peak was again quick, and with her eyes tightly closed Nellie moans of ecstasy grew louder. Meeting the girl's thrusts with her own bucking hips, she felt the electricity shoot thru her body, as her reached her orgasm!
Scott sat watching the two naked beauties, fucking each other for two more hours. Trading out the strap-on; trading out their roles. Fucking, sucking, and fondling, until they were exhausted.
Arriving back at Nellie house, once again Scott led her into her own house, and making sure no one was up, led her to the kitchen. Instructing her to strip down and sit on the "island", he proceeded to open his pants, letting his cock spring out. Nellie couldn't get over it's size, and found herself staring in the darkness at it. Wanting to take more time, he started to fondle and play, but was stopped short by a noise.
"Honey, you up?" came a sleepy voice.
"Yeah, still up..." came Nellie's startled reply. Slipping back into the darkest shadows, Scott held his breath. Nellie jumped down keeping the "island" between her and her husband. Walking to the kitchen sink, he got a glass of water and said, "I couldn't sleep. Maybe I'll lay on the couch for a bit." And without even looking her direction, he went and laid down on the couch.
Scott peered cautiously at the lying figure, and upon hearing his snoring, whispered ever so quietly to Nellie, "You know that I have to fuck you." Not a question, but more of a matter of fact. Sitting her upon the island once more, he slowly entered her, trying to be quite. Feeling him fuck her with his throbbing cock squeezed into her tight pussy, mixed with the fear of getting caught, instantly took Nellie to a new level. Trying to watch her husband, and trying to keep quiet, proved almost impossible. She wanted to watch his cock going in and out of her pussy, but had to watch her husband...and trying to stifle her moans was almost impossible! Slowly he increased the speed of his thrusts, working it in and out, fucking her as deep as he could. He knew he had to hurry, but she got there first. She didn't know how, but the erotic level of the situation must've helped. She started cumming seconds before he did. Once again her juices flowed down as his hot cum shot up!
Morning came too soon, and this time Nellie awoke in her bed. The smell of coffee drifting upstairs had woken her. It was Christmas Eve. She'd remembered to hide her diamonds, and checked to see if they were still there. Satisfied that they hadn't been discovered, she went to the kitchen. No words came from her husband when she exclaimed, "It's the day before Christmas!"; only a brief nod of his head. Despite his lack of Christmas spirit, hers was at an all time high! Slowly the day passed. Waiting on pins and needles, she longed for her next instructions, ready to obey. Finally she received his text. The only difficult part remaining, was waiting for night.
The black dress and heels were under her long winter coat; with nothing on under the dress. Her instructions were simple. No bra or thong; just dress, heels and coat. And her diamonds, of course. The club they sat in was upscale, another establishment she knew nothing of. Sitting in a dark corner, drinks were ordered, as another new stripper hit the stage. Nellie wore a blonde clip-on hair piece and dark red lipstick. Just enough to change her look. Several girls had danced, when Scott asked Nellie which one she liked best. She chose a blonde; cute, young, and full breasted. Scott left, but after a few moments returned - with the blonde girl. Taking Nellie by the hand the girl led her to a back "private" room. Closing the door, Scott gave Nellie a box, and instructed her to open it. A heart shaped diamond ring sat in the box. Nellie gasped. After putting the ring on, she was given a second box, and opened it as the dancer watched. A pink vibrator lay waiting in the box. "Turn it on, and as your girl strips for you, I want you to make yourself cum." he calmly said. Then added, "But first, take your dress off...I want you and your girl to be totally naked."
Again, Scott sat back and watched. Nellie, now completely naked, started playing with herself while the blonde started dancing to the music. Fucking herself with the vibrator, she watched the blondes breasts swaying, and her thong covered pussy getting wet. Slowly the girl pulled her thong down, then off, revealing a shaved pussy. The vibrator started moving faster, the stripper dancing closer, and once again Nellie could feel herself being lost in another fantasy! Pushing her vibrator as deep as she could, she could feel her heart racing, and her desire rising. The blonde began to dangle her big breasts in front of Nellie's face, tempting her; Nellie gave in. Sucking her large hard nipples instantly drove the stripper and Nellie into an all out sexual frenzy! Scott watched as the two became one. Sucking each other's breasts, fucking each other with the vibrator, and driving each other crazy with desire! An hour later, having reached yet another orgasm and unlocked another fantasy, Nellie left the club for home.
Approaching her driveway, Nellie grabbed Scott's arm and yelled for him to stop! Lights were on in the house. She held her breath.
"I'll get out here..." she said hurriedly and exited the car before Scott could reply.
He was asleep at the kitchen table...but she was sure he knew. He had to know. She wasn't there, it was early in the morning, it only spelled one thing. Silently she lay on the couch, tucking her diamonds under the cushions, away and out of sight.
It was Christmas morning, and it had started to snow. Silently it fell, covering all with a unblemished blanket of white. She sent one text. It read, "No more - he knows". Hanging her head she already missed him. The fantasies, erotic sex, and...and the gifts. He was different, unique, and special.
Alone in the house, she busied herself in the kitchen. She tried to occupy her mind, knowing tonight she'd be alone, and it was back to status quo. She wasn't worried about her marriage, he was too passive to actually do anything. He'd brood awhile, but that too would pass. The door bell rang, and she answered it. It was some delivery company out on Christmas Day...probably got the wrong address, she thought. Finding a package by the door, she examined the address. Her name and address. Once inside she opened the box. The note was simple. It read, "Merry Christmas Nellie. May all your fantasies come true.". Pulling out a smaller box she opened it and stared. A heart shaped diamond belly-button ring lay in velvet. A smile crossed her face as she spoke out loud , "They have. And Merry Christmas to you...Scott."