After a lifetime of love, laughs, and memories of good times mixed with bad times, a man with dementia forgets his wife, his children, and his grandchildren.
This is a true story about my grandparents. Spread out over five decades and three generations, this story is about their lives together. This story about love, sex, commitment, drinking, extramarital affairs, incestuous sex, mistakes, forgiveness, and romance. Against all odds, they remained together until death do they part.
Written from what was recorded in my grandmother's journal, from their love letters, from their photos, and from all that she honestly and affectionately told me about my grandfather, I didn't really know them until I read all that she wrote. I really didn't know them until I started writing this story. I lovingly devote this story to my granddad, Papa George, and my grandmother, Grandma Mary. May you both rest in peace.
Difficult to sum up a lifelong love affair in one story, it took time to develop the characters and to show their undying love for one another. A story about love, romance, and sex, this is a story about the frailties of human nature, the sexual temptations, and drinking to an excess. This story is more about the lives of my grandfather and grandmother than about me. I'm just a storyteller, the narrator, and the dirty, story whisperer.
Instead of only focusing on one specific element in the story, I wanted to focus on a lifelong commitment of love and loyalty, despite my grandfather's sexual affairs with my grandmother's older sister and her mother. Without love, honor, loyalty, fidelity, and respect, there would be no romance. I wanted to show the trials, temptations, and tribulations of human nature when remaining married for so long. Surprisingly, even my grandfather and grandmother had sexual lives before I was born.
All part of their love story, in the beginning, Mary having babies, maintaining a house, and raising five children, took all the time she had. George's drinking and extramarital, sexual affairs with her sister, her mother, her best friend, her co-worker, and their next-door neighbor commanded the center stage of their rocky relationship that soured when they started having children. Yet, no matter what he did, forever and always there for him, my grandmother still loved my grandfather.
Mary understood him, forgave him, and forgave her sister and her mother when he sexually cheated on her with them. Of all women to have extramarital sex with, her sister, his sexy sister-in-law, and her mother, his MILF of a mother-in-law, their forbidden, naked bodies should have been off-limits. Finally seeing them for who they were, she no longer had anything to do with her childhood, best friend, her co-worker, and her next-door neighbor when George confessed that he cheated on her with them too.
Yet, instead of divorcing him, she forgave him. Instead of divorcing him, she gave him what he needed. She gave him what he wanted. She gave him what every married man needs and wants. A simple solution, she gave him more sex. Decades later, with all of his extramarital affairs in their past, instead of putting him in a nursing home when he developed Alzheimer's disease, she lovingly took care of him.
# # #
Basically, a good man, a kind man, loving, caring, and sensitive man, yet, seemingly always horny, George was a man of addictions and sexual fetishes. Addicted to his wife, Mary, Saint Mary, as we all affectionately called her when not calling her Queen Mary, having known her all of his life as next-door neighbors and childhood friends, he loved her deeply and passionately. Later in life, something in his genes, with his father addicted to alcohol, unable to stop drinking, drinking more instead of less, he became addicted to alcohol too.
Since he was a boy reading his father's Penthouse and Playboy magazines, he had a sexual fetish for breasts, especially, big, shapely tits with hard, erect nipples. Big tits were what turned him on whenever he was horny. Big, tits, at least a C cup but preferably a D cup or a double D cup is what got his sexual motor running. In the way that big breasts controlled his horny imagination, he was a sucker for big tits.
In the way their big breasts filled out their tight tops, something about the way that big, breasted women with shapely bodies looked, moved, and carried themselves, he loved big, breasted women. He loved seeing big, meaty breasts overflowing tight, low-cut blouses and jiggling inside of sexy bras wired and uplifted for support. He loved seeing down-blouse views of long, sexy lines of cleavage. He loved seeing the erect impressions of women's nipples through their clothes.
If he had a sexual fetish for anything, he had an erotic fascination for big boobs, the bigger the better. Seeing them, touching them, feeling them, fondling them, groping them, sucking them, dreaming about them, and masturbating over them, George couldn't get enough of big tits. Unless the woman was butt ugly, a woman with big breasts always commanded his sexual attention. If he was an artist painting a woman, in the way that many famous Renaissance artists, such as Flemish artist, Sir Peter Paul Rubens had done, with bare breasted women a favorite subject to paint, he'd paint topless women with big breasts.
Even though they were much younger than he was, his dream women were Kim Kardashian from reality TV fame, Sofia Vergara from Modern Family, and Christina Hendricks from Mad Men. They had big tits, really big tits. Yet, when Mary stopped giving him sex when she was pregnant and George started having extramarital, sexual affairs with big, breasted women, especially when drinking. His addiction for alcohol and his sexual fetish for big tits almost cost him his marriage and Mary, the love of his life. Now, with all of that behind him, all of that bad, sexual trauma and drunken behavior was in his past.
Now, an older couple, blessed with good health and an active sexlife, George and Mary went to bed early. With the kids all grown, leaving the nest, and married with children themselves, it was their night for love, romance, and sex. Without missing a week, and after renewing their vows years ago, a pledge she made for him to stop drinking and cheating on her with other women, they had sex every week, sometimes twice a week. Never have they been happier, more connected, more sexually satisfied, and more in love.
Forgiving him for his dirty, sexual deeds and fixing what was broken in their marriage, she understood his addiction to alcohol, his fetish with big breasts, and his need for sex. A tolerant woman, she got him help for his alcohol addiction. A loving wife, understanding his need for sex, she gave him all the sex he wanted and needed. Saving their marriage by not giving up on him but helping to return their father back to their children, after traversing a rocky road of sexual temptations and wanton, lustful desires, their marriage couldn't be any better and their love any stronger.
# # #
Looking back now at all that happened long ago, it was a good thing they only had five children. Always when she was pregnant, only when she was pregnant, he cheated on her with five women, the cad. Even worse, instead of cheating on her with strangers or hookers, as if he wanted to be caught, he cheated on her with those closest to her and with those available to him. Whenever he was drinking, he cheated on her with her sister, her best friend, her co-worker, their next-door neighbor, and, whenever she was sleeping overnight to help with the kids, even with her mother.
Now, something as simple as a loving, sexual touch, Mary and George were always hugging, holding one another, and kissing. When in bed, they were always touching, fondling, and spooning. With their sexlife much better than it ever was before, instead of masturbating himself, when he wasn't masturbating her, she masturbated him. Something a little more sexually exciting, when he wasn't eating her pussy, she sucked his prick. Both their favorite sexual things to do, giving one another a lifetime of sexual pleasure, when they weren't making love, they were fucking as if they were teenagers still dating.
In this time of homelessness, poverty, unemployment, and despair with people living paycheck to paycheck while struggling to make ends meet by working more than one, part-time job without benefits, George was thankful for his retirement pension and his Social Security. He was grateful for his house that they finally paid off ten years ago. Proud that he could afford to send his children to college, he was thankful for his children and his grandchildren. Blessed with an abundance to be grateful and thankful for, he had everything he needed to make him happy, especially still having Mary still, the love of his life.
Because she was so loving, caring, sexual, and forgiving, he called her Queen Mary, named after Queen Mary of Teck. Whenever he called her Queen Mary, she called him King George, named after King George V. In the way that Queen Mary and King George were husband and wife, Mary and George were husband and wife too. They took a lot of ribbing from their friends and children because of their names, especially whenever It's A Wonderful Life played at Christmas with Donna Reed as Mary Hatch and Jimmy Stewart as George Bailey.
Finally having the house to themselves again with their children and grandchildren gone after a long week of visiting, they were ready to embrace their love again. Ready for sex, still his favorite thing to do even after more than five decades with the same woman, George couldn't wait to slowly undress Mary before she excused herself to put on one of her sexy nightgowns. His clue, whenever she wore her sexy nightgown to bed, instead of her long, flannel one in the winter or her short, cotton one in the summer, he knew he'd be getting lucky.
Still some of his favorite things to do, starting out by kissing her, touching her, and feeling her, George loved his wife's big tits. With her sister, Donna, and her mother, Carol, having big tits too, huge breasts ran in their family. Unable to help himself, in the way that he stared at Mary's big tits, undressing them both with his eyes, he stared at his sister-in-law's and his mother-in-law's big tits too. Where many women have modest A cup or B cup breasts, not women's ideal breast size, most women want and/or prefer to have C cup breasts.
Yet, Mary, Donna, and Carol had what most women didn't have and, admittedly, what many women wouldn't want. They had what other women wished they had and what small breasted women paid a plastic surgeon to give them. They had what some strippers, exotic dancers, actresses, porn stars, hookers, and call girls, wished they all had. They had firm and shapely, D cup breasts, with big nipples. Indeed, suffice to say that Mary, Donna, and Carol all had big tits, very big tits.
Even his MILF of a mother-in-law, twenty-five-years his senior, still had shapely breasts that sagged very little. Going all the way back to her great grandmother, all the women in Mary's family had big tits, enormous boobs. Whenever with Mary, her mother, and her sister in the same room, he was on sexual overload. He loved it when the three women sexually teased him by giving him a group hug when he was sitting in his chair. Literally smothering him with her big boobs, he wished he had the nerve to reach up and feel his sister-in-law's and/or his mother-in-law's big breasts.
A big, tit fest, with him in breast heaven, and with them all aware that he had a big, breast fetish, George didn't know where to look. Trying not to be caught staring, with his wife, sister-in-law, and mother-in-law all proud of their big breasts, they routinely wore tops that were cut low enough to display their sexy cleavage. As if they were deliberately or unintentionally, sexually teasing him, they wore tops that were tight enough to display the shape and the size of their enormous tits. They wore revealing tops that couldn't hide the impressions of their erect nipples.
As if they were modeling their big tits just for him, he couldn't help himself from staring at the huge impressions his wife's, his sister-in-law's, and his mother-in-law's breasts made in their tops and blouses. As if they sexually teased him by wearing something as tight fitting and/or as low-cut, he swooned at the immense size of their enormous breasts. Obviously, with Mary's big tits not enough for him, George dreamt of seeing, touching, feeling, fondling, groping, and sucking Donna's and Carol's big tits. He routinely masturbated over the imagined, sexual thoughts of seeing his sister-in-law and/or mother-in-law topless and/or naked.
Alas, something he knew would never happen, he'd never see, touch, feel, fondle, grope, and/or suck Donna's or Carol's big tits. Unfortunately, him having incestuous sex with his sister-in-law and/or his mother-in-law would never happen. If only his sister-in-law had a sexual fetish for his big cock in the way that he had a sexual fetish for her big tits, he'd be a happy brother-in-law. If only his mother-in-law had a sexual fetish for his big cock in the way that he had a sexual fetish for her big tits, he'd be a happy son-in-law.
If only his sister-in-law and mother-in-law wanted to see, feel, fondle, grope, stroke, and suck his prick in the way that he wanted to see, feel, fondle, grope, and suck their tits, they'd make his sexual fantasies come true. If only his sister-in-law, Donna, wanted to have sex with him in the way that he wanted to have sex with her, she wouldn't have to ask him twice. If only his mother-in-law, Carol, wanted to have sex with him in the way that he wanted to have sex with her, he'd give her all the sex she wanted and needed.
# # #
In her younger days before they were married and had children, in the way that she's a morally modest, mature wife, mother, and grandmother now, Mary was less of a sexual prude then. Shocking, albeit sexually arousing for her and sexually exciting for him, they lived next-door to one another. With her bedroom window facing his bedroom window, as soon as she turned 18-years-old, knowing how enamored he was with her big breasts, one night, she gave him a slow, sexy striptease show. Once he invited her to the prom, showing him all that he wanted to see, she matched his voyeurism with her exhibitionism.
Unembarrassed and unashamed, as if she was a whore in the window of New Orleans' red-light district, she sexually teased him and drove him mad with sexual lust and wanton desire. She showed him all that he hoped to see of her beautiful, naked body, especially her shapely breasts, symmetrical areolas, and pink nipples. Pretending she didn't know he was watching and could see her in her underwear, topless, and/or naked, she trumped his pervert card with her card of innocence. While undressing, she mindlessly paraded back and forth by her unshaded bedroom window while knowing he was watching.
As if she was Mary Louise Weller as Mandy Pepperidge and he was John Belushi as John Blutarsky in Animal House, she undressed with her light on and her shades not drawn. Unable to see him with the glare of her bright light reflecting back her naked image in her window, she knew that he could clearly see her. Pretending she was unaware he was watching, she sexually teased him by seductively stripping herself naked and flashing him her naked breasts. One, slow button at a time, while facing their windows, she removed her blouse and her short skirt.
Knowing he was still there watching and, no doubt, masturbating himself, she paraded around her bedroom in her bra and panties before reaching behind her to remove her bra. With him her private, exclusive, striptease audience of one, as if she was a stripper on stage, while facing her window, she slowly removed her bra straps, first one and then the other, before removing her bra. Then, in full view of his bedroom window, she sat at her vanity table topless while slowly brushing her hair 100-times. Every time she brushed her hair, her big breasts moved and jiggled with her.
Not done, giving him a front, side, and back view of her naked body, she stood in front of her three-way, full-length mirror while staring at herself from all sides. As if she was giving herself a breast exam, in the way that he obviously wanted to touch, squeeze, feel, and fondle her big tits, she touched, squeezed, felt, and fondled her big, naked breasts. Sexually arousing herself, she fingered her nipples and lifted her breasts to her mouth to suck them.
Giving him a masturbation show, she pulled, turned, and twisted her erect nipples, while rubbing her clit and fingerfucking her pussy. In the way that he was, no doubt, masturbating himself while watching, she masturbated herself while acting as if she didn't know he was there watching and couldn't see. Then, laying on her bed that was pressed up against her bedroom window, she teased her clit with her vibrator.
Unable to fuck herself with her dildo for fear that she'd ruin her virginity, she rubbed her clit with finger instead. With her legs spread wide open and with her torso turned to face the window, she not only showed him her blonde, trimmed pussy but also, she showed him plenty of pink. Something she'd never do with him in his father's car, she freely and willingly did in her bedroom. Even though she knew he was watching, she could always plead her innocence that she didn't realized her shade wasn't drawn and didn't know that he could see.
By all that her grandmother wrote in her journal, the first time she dared strip for him, having never done anything like that or exposed her bra and panties, or her topless and/or naked body to anyone before, she was nervous. The first time she showed him her naked breasts and the rest of her naked body, especially her naked pussy, with him staring at her as if she was the most beautiful woman in the world, she was sexually aroused. Obviously, enjoying the sexual attention, she wanted to have sex with him as much as he wanted to have sex with her.
Even though she was an 18-year-old virgin, she wanted to see his naked prick. Even though she was unsullied, she wanted him to make love to her before fucking her. Having never given anyone a hand job, she wanted to stroke his naked cock while fondling the head of his dick with her fingertips. Having never given anyone a blowjob before, she wanted to suck his cock as much as he wanted to feel and fondle her tits. She wanted to know what it felt and tasted like for him to cum in her willing mouth and swallow his cum.
# # #
"I saw you last night," said George to Mary the next morning while staring at her as if undressing her with his eyes and as if she was still naked now. "I watched you touching yourself," he said pausing as if rethinking what he was about to say next. "I masturbated myself while staring at your big tits. You have such big tits. I masturbated again this morning while remembering you naked. You have such a beautiful body."
Sexually excited by all that he saw, and after summoning the courage to tell her that he saw her naked, he hoped his voyeurism wouldn't stop her exhibitionism. She gave him an embarrassed smile mixed with a sexual aroused look. No doubt, with this just the beginning, and with her continuing to sexually tease him, she gave him a sexy smile. Obviously wanting to continue their sexy, striptease game of show and tell with some dirty talk, she asked her next questions while already knowing his answers.
"Oh, George. I had no idea you could see me. I had no idea you were watching. I'm so embarrassed," she said feigning her shame.
He laughed.
"Sorry. You forgot to pull your shade and when I saw you undressing in the window, I couldn't help myself from watching you strip yourself naked. Don't be embarrassed, Mary. I'm not," he said with a dirty laugh.
Instead of looking at him with embarrassment, she looked at him with sexual arousal.
"Tell me and be honest. I really want to know. Did you like what you saw?" Staring up at him with her big, blue eyes, obviously embarrassing him, she caught him by surprise. Not even giving him a chance to answer her first question, she asked her second question. "Do you think I have a good figure?" She paused to give him a naughty look and a sexy smile before asking him her next question. "Did you like my big tits," she asked looking down at her big, blouse and bra clad breasts before looking up at him?
He returned her sexy smile with his sly and sexually excited smile.
"Are you kidding me? I loved all that I saw of you. You have such a beautiful, sexy, and shapely body. You have such big tits, Mary," said George with increased sexual excitement as if she was standing before him topless now. "I love your big tits," he said staring down at her blouse and bra clad breasts while looking at her big breasts as if he wanted to touch them, feel them, grope them, and suck them.
Continuing to sexually tease him, she ran her fingers through her lush, naturally blonde, long hair while staring at the man of her affection. As if she was a horse, a mare, flicking back her mane, she flicked back her hair with a toss of her pretty head. She looked at him as if she sexually wanted him as much as he sexually wanted her. She looked at him as if he was the only man in the world. She looked at him as if they were both still naked.
"Maybe I'll give you another sexy, striptease show tonight," she said giving him a wink and a giggle while walking away with a wiggle before turning to him. "Maybe, next week, after the prom, we can masturbate together in the backseat of your Dad's car," she said sexually teasing him. "Maybe, prom night, I'll let you see, touch, and feel my naked breasts while fingering my erect nipples and sucking my tits."
He stared at her with his mouth hanging open.
"What about tonight? Maybe I can get my Dad's car tonight," he said with hopefulness.
She laughed while continuing to sexually tease him.
"After the prom," she said giving him a wink and a smile. "Instead of masturbating separately, if you allow me to stroke your cock, I'll allow you to finger my pussy," she said. "Who knows? Maybe if you lick my pussy and finger my cunt, I'll stroke your prick while sucking your dick. Maybe I'll even allow you to cum in my mouth," she said sexually teasing him.
Shocked and sexually excited, as if her hips were doing a rumba or a samba, he stared at Mary's shapely behind syncopating away in rhythmic motion. Unable to formulate a thought, he was unable to answer her. All he could think of was her soft warm hand and her manicured fingers wrapped around his hard, erect cock. All he could think of was his big dick buried in her mouth while she stroked him, sucked him, and stared up at him with her big, blue eyes. Watching her walk away, he stood frozen in place while at the back of Mary with disbelief.
'I don't believe this,' he thought. 'She wants me to finger her pussy. She wants to stroke my prick,' he thought. 'She wants me to masturbate her. She wants to masturbate me. She wants me to lick her pussy while fingering her pussy. She wants to suck my cock. She wants me to cum in her mouth,' he thought.
Not allowing her to leave, he called out to her.
"Wait. What are you doing later," asked George?
She giggled while continuing to walk away with a wiggle.
"Sorry. I can't hear you. I'm late for school. I'll see you later tonight, George," she said hurrying to catch the bus.
# # #
Before they were married, when they were dating steadily, and with her still a virgin, she continued sexually teasing him. Taking the next, sexual step from just friends to boyfriend and girlfriend, she allowed him to take dozens of topless and naked Polaroid photos of her. A time before digital cameras, and with few photographers willing to develop naked photos without keeping some for themselves, the Polaroid self-developing film cost him nearly a weeks' salary. Yet, worth the money to capture her beautiful, naked body on film, he didn't care.
She knew how much he loved her sexy and shapely body. Wanting to give him something to masturbate over later, she knew how much he loved her big breasts and her shapely ass. A time when most women had bushy pussies, with him having already seen it and masturbated himself over it, she knew how much he loved her blonde, trimmed pussy.
With him unable to help himself, albeit something that embarrassed her as much as it sexually excited him, she knew how much he bragged about her big tits to his horny and immature friends. Unbeknownst to her, George wanted his friends to see her naked as much as he wanted to see her sexy sister and her MILF of a mother naked. Wishing her had naked photos of her sister and mother, nonetheless, he wanted to show Mary's naked photos to his friends.
Yet, even though he sexually teased her about showing his friends her naked photos, she naively believed he would never show anyone her naked photos. He baited his friends by promising to show them photos of Mary's naked breasts. Making sure that he didn't show his friends her naked tits, she vehemently asked him and made him promise not to show his friends her naked photos. Trusting him not to betray her by embarrassing her and violating her wishes, she didn't know he had already shown his friends her topless and naked photos.
"George no. No! I mean it. Don't you dare. I'll be so pissed. I'll never forgive you. I'll be so angry with you if you show your perverted friends my naked photos. Please don't show those photos to your degenerate friends. I'd be so embarrassed," said Mary suddenly feeling mortified when suspecting that he may have already shown them her naked photos. If he did show his friends her naked photos, she could never face them again. "Please don't disrespect me like that," she said. "I'm not a whore. I'm your girlfriend."
He laughed.
"My friends would pay me good money to see these naked photos of you, Mary," he said giving her a devilish grin.
She tried grabbing the pictures from him but he was too quick for her.
"Eww, Georgie. I suddenly have an image of your warped friends masturbating and cumming over seeing my naked tits. Don't make me sorry that I allowed you to take those photos," she said pointing her finger in his face. "You're the only man who's ever seen me naked and I want to keep it that way," she said.
Obviously, not taking no for an answer, he stared at her big breasts through her clothes before staring up at her pretty face. Proud of her big breasts, having already shown her topless photos to some of his closest friends, he couldn't wait to show the rest of his friends the photos of her naked. Instead of thinking of his friends masturbating over Mary's naked photos as an insult, he took their sexual lust for his sexy, big, breasted girlfriend as a compliment.
"Please, Mary? I'm proud of your big tits. I'd love to show my friends your beautiful, naked body and prove to them that you're a natural blonde by your blonde pussy," said George while acting as if he hadn't shown them the photos already. "I want them all to see what a lucky man I am to have such a beautiful, busty, shapely, and sexy girlfriend. I want to make them all jealous," he said.
He acted as if there was nothing wrong with him exposing her naked body to his friends. They were his friends and not strangers. Instead of her liking the idea of him exposing her to his friends, instead of her feeling proud of him showing her naked photos to his sexually depraved friends, she gave him an angry look. Now, with him threatening to expose her, embarrass her, and humiliate her, she was obviously sorry she had allowed him to take naked photos of her.
"George no! I mean it. I'd really be mad and so embarrassed if you showed your friends those photos. If I knew you were going to betray me, embarrass me, and humiliate me, I never would have allowed you to take them," said Mary. "As if undressing me with their eyes, and as if I'm already standing before them topless and/or naked, they already stare at my breasts through my clothes. I could never face your friends knowing they all saw my naked tits and the rest of me without my clothes."
# # #
Something she'd never do now, no matter how much he begged her to do, yet something she did then, because she was young, naïve, in love with him, and a little drunk, she always regretted doing. Reluctantly at first, but then sexually aroused by the sensual attention she received when she finally showed his friends her bra clad breasts, George knew Mary would flash his friends her naked tits. Encouraged by George to make out with his friends while she was topless, she even allowed his friends to touch and feel her big tits while fingering and sucking her erect nipples.
"I dare you to remove your blouse and bra in front of my friends, Mary," whispered George when getting her alone after they all had been drinking. "I double dare you to flash my friends your naked tits," said George whispering what he wanted her to do in her ear. "I want them to see all that I've been seeing," he said while making out with her in front of his friends. "I want them to touch and feel all that I've been touching and feeling."
With them tucked in the corner albeit in plain view of his horny friends, George made out with Mary. He felt her tits and fingered her nipples with one hand through her blouse and bra while lifting her short skirt to rub her clit through her white, bikini panties with his other hand. Even though she was already partially exposed to his horny friends, she looked at him as if he was crazy. Yet, with him making her horny by him fingering her nipples while rubbing her clit, ready to do whatever he wanted her to do, she wanted to sexually please him.
Judging by the horny look on her face, and with her breathing her sexual arousal through her mouth, the mere thought of his friends seeing her naked breasts obviously sexually aroused her. While continuing to French kiss her, she allowed George to lift her skirt higher and pull her blouse down lower, she knew he'd make the decision for her. Now, getting her ready, with her panties and her bra and cleavage already exposed to his friends, in the way she had been giving him striptease shows most nights, he knew she'd flash him her naked breasts.
"No, George. I'm not doing that," she whispered in feigned protest while pulling away from him. "Your friends ogle me enough when I'm fully dressed. I can't imagine what they'd do if they saw me topless," she said.
Obviously, already turned on from him masturbating her through her clothes, too drunk to say no, she showed even more sexual arousal over the thought of exposing her big breasts to his horny friends.
"Please, Mary? Please," he said looking at her with his big, brown eyes?
She shook her head from side-to-side while whispering what she seemingly hoped would happen.
"They'd probably strip me naked," she whispered while biting her lip. "At the very least, they'd force me to masturbate them and may even force me to blow them," she whispered while seemingly becoming even more sexually aroused by the thought of stroking his friends while sucking his friends. "No doubt, with me a virgin and wanting to remain that way, they'd all want to cum in my mouth."
He gave her a shit eating grin as if he already knew she was going to do what he asked. Truth be told, in addition to Mary flashing his friends her tits, after the hand job she gave him on Prom night, George would love to watch Mary give a few of his select friends a hand job. After the blowjob she gave him on prom night and with her allowing him to cum in her mouth and with her swallowing his cum, he'd love to watch his girlfriend give a couple of his closest friends a blowjob.
Only, with George the only man she sexually knew, even if she was drunk and horny, he knew that she may remove her top and bra, and flash them her tits, but she'd never masturbate them and/or blow them. Nonetheless, sexually arousing her, he had released her sexual beast. By all that she wrote in her journal, as long as they didn't try to fuck her, yet nothing more than her sexual fantasy, Mary would not only love to masturbate his friends but also, she'd love to blow them, too.
After stroking and sucking George's cock, as if bitten by a sexual vampire, with her now an enthusiastic cocksucker, she loved stroking and sucking cock. With her drunk and horny, saving her virginity for him, she was willing to go all the way as long as they didn't try and fuck her. What would he think if he knew she wanted to masturbate them? What would he think if he knew she wanted to blow them? What would he do after she sucked off half a dozen of his friends and allowed them all to cum in her willing mouth?
"Please Mary? Please? I'll never ask you to do anything ever again," he said while knowing full well that he'd always be asking her to do more sexually exciting things that she didn't want to do. "I promise that this will be the last thing I'll ever ask you to do anything against your will."
# # #
Written in 1920 and set in 1870, the Victorian times, no longer Edith Wharton's The Age of Innocence, it was the age of drugs, rock and roll, and free sex. It was the sixties and they were all young, dumb, full of cum, and a little too drunk to care. No doubt, dead before they had a chance to live, some of his friends wouldn't return home alive from Vietnam. Well aware of the forced, military draft deciding their fate and putting a premature end to their lives, forsaking their futures for now, most young men lived for today and not for tomorrow.
Always up for a dare, especially a double dare, Mary looked as if she was thinking about flashing his friends her tits. As if already imagining her topless, sexually arousing her, his horny friends always stared at her bra and blouse clad breasts. Something she had never done before, other than undressing with her bedroom shade up and her light on for George's sexual, viewing pleasure, she was obviously thinking about doing now. If nothing else, no doubt, she'd love to see the sexually excited looks on their faces when they saw her D cup breasts and erect, pink nipples.
Allowing her to follow through with George's double dare, unbeknownst to George, not taking much more sexual persuasion, she was already drunk and horny enough to remove her blouse and bra. When Mary looked at her boyfriend with forbidden lust and sexual arousal, he knew she was going to remove her blouse and bra. He knew she was going to flash his friends her naked breasts. He just needed to ease her way through the dark side of perverse, sexual behavior by giving her his permission to expose herself to his horny friends in such a sexy and sexual way.
As if seeing them for the first time, she peered down at her fully clothed breasts while biting her lip with sexual anticipation. She stared at his perverted friends staring at her as if she was already topless. Not pulling down her short skirt after George had raised it when rubbing her clit through her panties, she knew his friends were ogling her panty covered pussy. With her drunk enough and sexually aroused enough, she seemingly didn't care that they could see her panty clad cunt.
As written in her journal, she was sexually excited that they could already see what none of his friends had never seen of her before. Unable to see what they could clearly see, she imagined that they not only could see her panties but also, they could see her camel toe, her pussy slit, and the darker shadow of her blonde, pubic hair through her sheer, white panties. Not that she'd ever flash them her naked cunt but a hot flash of horniness made her wish she wasn't wearing panties. She imagined she was making them sexually excited as much as they were making her sexually aroused.
Clearly, between her drinking, her horniness, and her sexual arousal, having already exposed her panties and the tops of her bra clad breasts to them, she was beyond the point of no return. No doubt, delirious with forbidden, sexual delight by the forbidden, sexual thought of flashing his friends her naked breasts, she was ready to do what George sexually wanted her to do. As if she was hypnotized and his friends were mesmerized, ready to flash his friends her naked breasts, she was a willing victim to her boyfriend's outlandish, big, breast, sexual perversions.
Yet, a virgin shouldn't feel this way about exposing herself. Sexually aroused by all that George was asking her to do, she was eager to sexually accommodate him. A virgin shouldn't flash men who aren't her boyfriend her naked breasts. A virgin shouldn't ponder the thought of his friends touching and feeling her naked breasts while fingering and sucking her erect nipples. Other than stroking and sucking George's erect prick, a virgin shouldn't be sexually aroused when thinking about stroking and sucking the erect pricks of his friends.
Yet, free of guilt and remorse, instead of deeming herself a slut or a whore, with George having given her his permission to flash his friends her naked tits, she was agreeable to his sexual demands. Once she flashed his friends her naked breasts, she wondered what else he'd give his sexual permission for her to do. If the thought of showing her naked breasts to his friends wasn't enough to erect her nipples and make her wet enough to want to flash them her naked tits, her next question sexually aroused her even more.
After writing excerpts from my grandmother's journal from more than fifty-years earlier, it occurred to me that her sexual thoughts were much like the sexual thoughts that I was having now. Oddly enough, with my grandmother an exhibitionist, albeit a pressured exhibitionist, I'm an exhibitionist too. I find it sexually exciting to flash men I don't know and have never met, my panties, cleavage, and breasts. Fortunately, for me, as all the women in my family, I inherited my ancestors' big breasts. As much as I love my big tits, I love flashing them too.
# # #
"Just so I understand, you don't care if I flash your friends my naked breasts," playing him while toying with him, she looked up at him with disbelief mixed with sexual arousal. "After I flash your friends my naked breasts, you won't be angry with me. You won't call me a slut and/or a whore?"
He shrugged his okay for her to flash her naked breasts to his friends.
"It's just tits Mary," he said with another shrug. "What's the big deal? If you don't mind showing my friends your tits, they'd all love to see your big, naked breasts," he said while diminishing the importance of her flashing his friends her tits. "I'd never call you a slut or a whore. If you're anything, you're my whore," he said with dirty laugh while giving her a kiss.
As if her mind was filled with unanswered questions that she was eager to ask, she asked her next sexually, suggestive question.
"So, lemme get this straight. If I show them my tits, George," she said whispering in his ear with embarrassment and forbidden sexual lust again. "What if they want to touch my tits, feel my tits, fondle my tits, and grope my naked tits," she asked with feigned innocence and obvious sexual arousal? "Would you be angry with me if I allowed them to have their wicked, sexual way with my naked breasts?"
He shrugged her his okay for her to allow his friends to touch, feel, fondle, and grope her naked tits.
"If you don't mind my friends touching, feeling, fondling, and groping your tits, then I don't mind my friends touching, feeling, fondling, and groping your tits," he said.
Obviously becoming even more sexually aroused by the thoughts of his friends having their wicked, sexual way with her naked breasts, she asked her next sexually, suggestive question.
"What if they want to finger my nipples and suck my nipples," she asked breathlessly while watching George becoming even more sexually excited?
Again, he shrugged his okay for her to allow his friends to finger her nipples and suck her nipples.
"As long as you don't mind my friends fingering your nipples and sucking your nipples, I don't mind my friends fingering your nipples and sucking your nipples," he said showing her his obvious, sexual excitement.
As if they were playing a what if, dirty talking game, she continued with her sexual interrogation of what he'd allow her to do and wouldn't allow her to do.
"What if they want to kiss me, George? What if they want to make out with me while groping me? What if they want to French kiss me while feeling my naked tits," she asked with obvious, sexual lust?
He nodded her his okay for them to kiss her, make out with her, and French kiss her while groping her naked tits.
"As long as you're okay with them kissing you, making out with you, and French kissing you, then I don't mind you showing my friends that sexual side of you," he said. "It's just a kiss," he said with a shrug. "I'd love to watch my friends making out with you while watching them having their wicked, sexual way with your big tits," said George.
Seemingly daring him to say no, mighty broadminded of him to share her with his friends, she pushed the envelope of what he would and wouldn't allow her to do. Good thing she was a virgin, otherwise, he'd allow his friends to make love to her before fucking her. While sexually enticing him and sexually arousing herself, she asked her next, sexual question.
"What if they put my hand on their erections and want me to feel their cocks through their pants," she asked biting her lip with obvious, sexual excitement.
He shrugged and nodded her his okay for her to feel their erect cocks through their pants.
"If you're willing to go that far," he said pausing before blurting out what he said next. "I'd love to watch you masturbate them and even blow them," he said with another nod of approving permission. As if already imagining one of his friend's erect pricks in her mouth, he stared in her blue eyes before staring at her red, full lips. "It would be hot to watch them cumming in your mouth and you swallowing their cum. It would be hot to watch one of them give you a cum bath and cumming all over your naked breasts."
# # #
Seemingly, with Mary his whore to do whatever he sexually wanted her to do, for her to stop this bad, drunken behavior before it ruined their loving relationship, it was up to her to say no. Unable to say no to whatever he wanted her to do, she loved him. She wanted to please him. She wanted to make him happy.
Perhaps, because she was drunk, and not having had any sexual experience with men, she was just as sexually aroused and horny by the thoughts of masturbating his friends while blowing his friends as he was. Seemingly sexy game to see how far George would go in sharing her hands, her body, and her mouth with his friends, she seemed titillated in the beginning. Clearly, at the very least, she wanted to show his friends her naked breasts as much as they wanted to see her naked breasts. With her not sure about masturbating and/or blowing them, she was curious nonetheless.
Obviously, her decision to make, while making out with them, she wanted to be touched and felt as much as they wanted to touch and feel her while making out with her. Never even thinking about it until George encouraged and dared her to do, flashing her sexy body while having sex with others was sexually exciting. With having only stroked and sucked George's erect cock, clearly, she was sexually curious about stroking and sucking his friends' erect pricks. Only, not worth the risk, after daring her to have sex with his friends, he may feel differently about her if she did.
After they had all been drinking too much, surprising George, his friends, and herself, as if she was a whore hired for the night, slowly unbuttoning one, slow button at a time, she unbuttoned her blouse. While watching his friends watching her sudden striptease show, with each unbuttoned button she looked down to see what they could all see. With each unbuttoned button, breathing her sexual arousal through her mouth, she became more sexually excited. Exposing her big, sexy bra and her long line of cleavage, she was ready to expose her naked breasts.
She continued sexually teasing them by taking here sweet time in unbuttoning the cuffs of her sleeves. Then, pushing her blouse wide open, she exposed the entirety of her bra clad breasts before finally removing her blouse. She sat in front of his friends in her bra with her short skirt still raised to her waist and her panties exposed. As if she was a stripper hired for the night and as if there was a drumroll going off in her head, she was ready to remove her bra and flash them her naked breasts.
Showing no embarrassment, shame, or remorse, she removed one bra strap before removing her other bra strap. With all eyes staring at her bra clad breasts and her staring back at them, she reached around behind her and unhooked her bra. Not ready to show them her naked tits just yet, wanting to sexually tease them first, she held her bra cups in place with her had before ever so slowly removing one bra cup and then ever so slowly removing her other bra cup.
Finally, she removed her 36 D cup bra. Topless now and making a drunken spectacle of herself, she waved her bra over her head as if a roping a calf with a lasso. Giving him a souvenir to hold, she tossed her bra to one of his friends. Naked above the waist, Mary was topless. After all the coercion, dirty talk, and drinking, she was finally topless. Finally, albeit reluctantly, if it wasn't enough that she had flashed them her panties most of the night, she had flashed her huge, naked breasts to his horny and appreciative, cheering friends.
After having another drink, doing it all for George and for some hot, pillow talk with him later, he watched his friends touch, feel, fondle, and suck Mary's naked breasts. He watched his friends kissing her, French kissing her, and groping her while making out with her. Then, giving him more to masturbate over later, he watched her feel, fondle and finger their erections through their jeans. Hard to believe by her exhibitionism that she was a virgin but, indeed, she was still a virgin.
Yet, with George and his horny friends never sexually satisfied, they all wanted her to do more. With him wanting to watch her stroke them and even blow them, she wasn't about to do that. Allowing them to see, touch, feel, fondle, and suck her naked tits while making out with them and feeling their cocks through their jeans was as far as Mary was willing to go. Willingly stripping herself topless, she may be deemed a virginal whore, but she was George's virginal whore.
Even though she willing agreed to flash his friends her naked breasts, it was one thing for her to flash his friends her tits while allowing them to touch them and suck them. Even though she willingly agreed to make out with his friends while allowing them to have their wicked, sexual with her naked tits, it was quite another thing to masturbate them and/or blow them. Yet, even though it was something that he wanted to watch her do, and something she considered doing, crossing her strong, unbroken line of morality, what he wanted was something she'd never do.
She'd never take his friends naked pricks in her hand. She'd never stroke their cocks. She'd never masturbate them. She'd never allow them to cum all over her hand. She'd never take their pricks in her mouth and suck them while stroking them. She'd never blow them. She'd never allow them to cum in her mouth. She'd never allow them to give her a cum bath and cum all over her face and across her naked breasts. She'd never have sex with them. Never allowing any man to sexually degrade her, Mary's body, mind, heart, and soul belonged to George.
# # #
A time before they were married and started having babies, every weekend they went places and did things. Every weekend they had fun. Every weekend they had sex. With her still wanting to remain a virgin, they did everything except for having sexual intercourse. While he paid constant and continual homage to her naked breasts by touching them, feeling them, fondling, and sucking them while fingering her nipples, he licked and fingered her pussy. When stroking and sucking his prick, she allowed him to cum in her mouth and/or across her naked breasts.
"What do you want to do today, George," asked Mary?
With his mind filled with Mary flashing men her naked breasts and her sexy and shapely body, he gave her a sexy smile.
"Let's go to the beach," said.
She returned his smile with her smile.
"I'll grab my bikini and a towel," she said.
He gave her a naughty look.
"Don't bother with your bikini. Let's go to a voyeuristic and exhibitionistic paradise," he said giving her a dirty laugh.
She made a face of disapproval.
"A what? Okay, I'll bite," she said with innocence and curios shrug. "What's a voyeuristic and exhibitionistic paradise?"
He laughed.
"Let's go to a nude beach," he said.
She looked at him as if he was nuts while wrinkling her face.
"A nude beach?" She shook her head no. "There's no nude beaches around here. Other than in California or in foreign countries, I don't even know where there's a nude beach," she said.
He gave her another sexy smile but this time with another naughty look.
"I know where there's one," he said giving her a sly smile as if he had already been there before while checking out topless, big, breasted, and naked women.
Obviously balking at the idea of going to a nude beach, again, she made a disparaging face and looked at him as if he was nuts.
"No George," she said making a face. "I'm not going to a nude beach. I'll have sand everywhere," she protested as her lame excuse. She shook her head from side-to-side. "It's bad enough that I flashed your friends my naked breasts while allowing them to make out with me, touch me, and feel me, but I don't want strange men, men I don't even know, seeing me naked." Then, she told him the real reason why she didn't want to go to a nude beach. "What if I see someone I know?"
He laughed.
"We'll rinse off the sand before getting in the car. And if you see someone you know, they'll be naked too," he said with a shrug. "What's the big deal? It's just nudity. There's no shame in being naked. People in Europe go to the beach naked all the time," he said with a shrug. "We all have the same asses, pricks, pussies, and tits. Even though you have monster tits," he said with a dirty laugh.
After more pleading, something she'd never do now that she willingly did then, she accompanied him to a nude beach where they had sex in public. With her not going all the way, something that more women did back then, she wanted to keep her virginity until after they were married. When Mary looked up from blowing him, she was shocked and embarrassed to see several men watching and masturbating themselves from a distance. Having only seen George's stiff prick before, in the way that they saw her naked ass, pussy, and tits, she saw their naked, erect pricks.
# # #
Then, once finally home, since she was parading around naked all day, going against his promise that he'd never ask her to do anything again if she flashed his friends her tits, he asked her to do something else.
"Let's order pizza," he said.
She reached for the takeout menu.
"Okay," she said. "What toppings would you like?"
She looked at the menu while deciding what kind of pizza to order.
"Only," he gave her a sexy smile. "When the pizza delivery man comes, I want you to flash him. I want to see the look on his face when you to show him your big, naked tits. While I watch from the living room, I want you to open the door naked," he said with a sexually deranged look on his face.
Again, as if he had suddenly lost his mind, she looked at him as if he was nuts, and in that moment, probably, he was.
"Naked? No, George. I'm not doing that. I'm not opening the door while naked. No way," she said shaking her head from side-to-side while looking as if she was thinking about doing it.
Then, obviously knowing that he'd never stop pressuring her to answer the door naked, submitting to his will, she rolled her eyes and sighed.
"Oh, what the Hell? Why not? Since I already flashed your friends my naked tits and was already naked at a nude beach, what's one more man seeing me without my clothes," she said with a shrug while laughing.
Even though she was still a virgin and with them not married yet, she sexually appeased him by showing him that she wasn't a prude but the sexually exciting and adventurous woman he wanted her to be. Doing something that obviously embarrassed her and made her feel uncomfortable doing, albeit something that sexually excited her, pressuring her to explore her sexuality, she opened her front door naked. Something she'd never do if it wasn't for George daring her, she exposed herself to the pizza, delivery man.
Yet, never enough with him, one sexual thing led to the next sexual thing that he wanted her to do. Starting with her flashing, she flashed his friends her big tits. She allowed them to touch them, feel them, and suck them while making out with her. She even went to a nude beach and had sex in public where men masturbated near her while ogling her naked body. Finally, after she flashed the pizza delivery man and after they ate their pizza, he asked her to do one more, sexual thing.
"Since you're already naked, I dare you to sun yourself in the backyard," he said.
She made a face as if he had been possessed by the Devil.
"You want me to sun myself naked in my backyard," she asked disbelievingly?
He nodded his head while giving her a dirty smile.
"Yes," he said unembarrassed and unashamed but sexually excited.
She looked at him aghast.
"Someone will see me, George," she said. "I have to live here," she said as her excuse not to sun herself naked in the backyard. "My neighbors may tell my parents that I was flashing my naked body in the backyard. They may call the police and have me arrested for public nakedness."
He laughed while shaking his head.
"They can't arrest you for being naked in your own backyard. Besides, that's the point of you sunning yourself naked," he said. "I want someone to see you naked."
Seemingly, she enjoyed him daring her to do something so sexually forbidden and something that she wouldn't ordinarily do. Not having to twist her arm too much, while acting as if she didn't know that anyone could see her, she agreed to allow her neighbors to see her naked. She agreed to sun herself in the backyard without wearing any clothes.
Before they were married and had children, with him watching her neighbors' reactions from the backdoor, she sunbathed naked in the backyard. Mary not only knew that her neighbors could see her but also, George knew that they were watching. Fortunately, the only ones who saw here and who were watching her were men. Women were too busy cooking and cleaning to be staring out a back window, and children were out playing in the park. While having a beer and smoking a cigarette, it was the horny men who watched her frolicking naked in her swimming pool.
At the continued encouragement of George, getting into the naked show of exhibitionism, she gave her neighbors a sexy, naked show. While dipping her toe in the water and making sure her neighbors saw all of her, she turned one way before turning the other way as she climbed in the pool. Then, making a big, noisy splash to attract more attention, she swam around the pool naked before climbing out and sunning herself on the back deck. Whoever were watching saw her naked tits, ass, and pussy.
Exposing herself as if she was an exhibitionistic whore instead of an unmarried virgin, she did it all for George. Afraid of losing him to someone more sexually daring, she wanted him to find her sexually exciting and not be bored with her. She willingly showed her big, naked breasts, her naked ass, and her trimmed, naturally blonde pussy to anyone who was watching. Only, something he was unable to claim, she never had or would have sex with anyone but with George.
To be continued...