I slam the door behind me and enter the cool interior of the house, kicking my sandals off and putting my bag down in the hallway. I have struggled to keep my mind on work all morning, the heat of the summer sun and the increased expanse of skin on show during the summer months always has the same effect on me, making me much more aroused than usual. I walk around the house, opening windows as I go, letting the summer air pour inside before running a cold glass of water and sliding the patio doors open onto the garden where my sun lounger awaits me.
The sun is warming on my skin as I relax into the cushioned seat in the peacefulness of my garden, my summer dress pulled up over my thighs and the straps pulled down over my shoulders to allow the sun to tan my pale skin a warm brown. My eyes close and my mind begins to wander as I let the sun warm my skin, feeling the heat radiating over my body. An itch starts on my thigh, near the hem of my dress and I reach down to scratch lightly, allowing my hand to rest there after the itch has abated.
I trail my fingers lightly over my inner thigh, enjoying the light, delicate touch that sparks off little shocks towards my pussy. My other hand reaches up and gently strokes across my breast, feeling the hardness of my nipple beneath the thin fabric and I'm aroused by the fact im doing this in my garden, although it's not particularly overlooked, lots of high trees and bushes surround me.
I open my eyes and peer through my tinted sunglasses, no one can see me, and I could take my dress off and sunbathe in my white lacy knickers and bra. I lift my hips and slide the dress up and then over my head, dropping it to the floor before settling back into the padded comfort of the sun lounger and rest my hand back on my inner thigh. My mind wanders and drifts while I relax, the odd sound of summer breaking through, a distant lawn mower, a dog barking, the odd car door, birds flying overheard.
My fingers continue their gentle stroking of my inner thigh, moving up to the very edge of my knickers, my thighs parted slightly now, my pussy growing wet as I tease myself. My chest begins to rise and fall more vigorously as my arousal increases. I pull one of my breasts free from my bra, grazing the nipple with my thumb and then pinching and pulling at it whilst my fingers trace the outline of my pussy through my knickers. I lift one leg and rest it across the arm rest giving me easier access to my pussy, and with one hand I pull my knickers to one side feeling the hot sun on my wet pussy. I slowly slide my finger through the slickness and gasp out loud as it slides across my clit, making my hips buck. A second finger joins it, sliding downwards and I briefly insert them both inside me, gathering my juices and then sliding them back up and over my clit again, slowly starting to circle it, feeling the sensation building.
I briefly open my eyes and a sudden movement catches the corner of my eye, I glance sideways and I realise that im not alone. The landlord of the house next door is stood in his garden, and his eyes are riveted to my fingers in my pussy. I yelp with surprise and try to cover myself but my leg is still hitched over the arm rest and I can't get up. In my hurry and panic I accidentally tip myself over the edge of the chair and land in a heap, face first in the grass. I can feel shame burning high on my cheeks, my pussy is still exposed where I pulled my knickers to one side and I fear I might cry.
Suddenly a shadow falls across my vulnerable body and he is behind me, I glance sideways and he sees my tear filled eyes, his hand reaches out and strokes my hair gently, reassuring me, and then suddenly I feel his fingers tighten, pulling my hair at the very root as he takes a firm hold and before im even aware of his movement his hand makes stinging contact with my ass. I yell out loud at the shock, and the pleasure. And it comes again, one blow after the other, hard and fast against my flesh and now the tears come, coursing down my face as he spanks me, my pussy throbbing with need.
Finally it stops and he pulls me up so that im on my knees facing him. He ignores the tears on my face and instead dips one hand down between my thighs, sliding his fingers inside me. He smiles a knowing smile at my wetness, 'you, my girl, are a slut. You knew I was coming here this afternoon and you lay there with your pussy on display, waiting for me to find you' I weakly nod my head, he is right, I knew he would come, he had told me, and I have wanted this for so long. His fingers are still knotted in my hair as he begins to fuck me harder with his long fingers, watching my face as he does so, my mouth open and gasping for air as I feel an orgasm building from deep within, so close I can feel myself beginning to tense in anticipation then suddenly he stands up, pulling me up with him and backing me towards the house until I feel my back against the cool stone wall.
He releases my hair and with one hand he pins both of my arms above my head, against the wall. The free hand releases his hard cock from his shorts and I gasp at the sight of it, pre cum oozing from the tip. I shift my feet so that he can fuck me and he places the tip against my pussy. His hand comes up to my tear stained face, gently stroking my cheek as he stares into my eyes and in one movement he slips his entire length inside me and brings his hand firmly down against my cheek, the shock of both the slap and the sensation of his cock slamming into me making me gasp for air. He begins to fuck me, slamming my ass against the wall with every thrust, his hand back gently stroking my cheek before he slaps me again. His eyes never leaving mine, he watches my reactions intently as he fucks me harder and harder, almost lifting me off my feet with each thrust.
I can feel the familiar sensations building in my pussy and I know im going to cum and he senses it, placing his hand around my throat and applying just enough pressure as he stares at my desperate face. His pace quickens and I can see that he is close as his hand tightens on my throat, my arms sore from the rough wall above my head my head spinning as it happens, I cum around his cock, as he fills me with every drop he has, his face against mine, hot and sweaty as the convulsions rip through my very being, our cries of lust and desperation dying out slowly as I slump against him.
His caress is gentle now, bringing me back from that faraway place, back to the reality of what I have just done in my garden with a man I barely know.