Mickey was home from college. I had forgotten. For a year now I had been coming home from the office to work from the den. There was no-one around the house until Shelly got home from work around 5:30 and I liked the peace and quiet. I had poured my usual glass of bourbon on the rocks, it was a secret indulgence I allowed myself. Shelly had quit drinking and scowled at me when I did. I held myself to one and always made sure I was done with it by three and had brushed my teeth. Even the smell of it would be gone by the time she got home. I was headed to the backyard. I had heard Mickey in the pool.
I stopped as I passed the couch to pick up what I thought was one of his T-shirts. I intended to throw it in his room. It was the wrong size. As I held it up I saw it was a woman's T-shirt. I placed it back how I had found it and moved to the window at the kitchen sink. Through the blinds I looked out on my son and his lady friend. They were clutched together in the water. Mostly they were talking but occasionally they would kiss. I watched too long before turning and heading back to my den, the converted mother in law quarters over the garage. I kept it dark and cold. I settled into my desk and worked for a while sipping my cocktail.
After some time I looked out the window down at the pool. They were done swimming. They had moved the lounge chairs to the middle of the yard. I found myself staring. She was lovely. She wore a tiny red and white bikini. Nothing but strings held it around her neck and ribs. Similar strings were tied at her hips. She wasn't all that tan, she was more pink than anything. She had that medium brown hair that could look blonde in the right light and a mole on her thigh. I was embarrassed I looked long and hard enough to notice a mole and I went back to my desk.
My work suffered from the distraction. At a little after four they came inside. I heard the door and then the giggles. I listened from my silent office. He heard her tell him to stop. I heard her say something about having to go. She didn't sound that dedicated to going wherever she needed to go.
I stood up when the giggle stopped. Figuring she had left I walked down the half flight of stairs from my den to the little hall that led from the kitchen to the laundry and the garage. In the kitchen I was stopped by an unusual sound. It was a creaking and squeaking coming from a repetitive movement on a leather sofa.
Option one was to say something. I thought a cough might do. I imagined the scene of them scrambling for clothes, the embarrassment, a terrified girl that would never be back. I didn't want to do that to him.
Option two was to turn back around and retreat to the den. I would hear the chirp from the alarm on the front door when she left. I could go down when the coast was clear and never speak of it.
Option three wasn't even really an option. The motion sensitive camera mounted high in the corner of the living room was only activated when the alarm was armed which it wasn't but it could be activated at any time. There was a web portal, it could, theoretically be activated and monitored from anywhere in the world.
"Do you have a... a thing?" I heard to girl... the young woman... ask.
"No. I told you. We needed to stop at the store."
"You didn't say that's what you needed, fuckhead."
"I'm sorry."
"What about your parents... do you think..."
"Eww. Don't ever suggest such a thing. Crap. Look what you did."
"Aww. Little Mickey didn't like that idea."
"Stop. Sit back. We'll get him back." She said.
I chose to retreat. I was disgusted with myself for having listened in for that long. I guess I wasn't that upset with myself, considering...
I drank the last swallow of bourbon as all I had in the den was scotch and it would have been in bad taste to mix them even if the noxious liquid did taste almost the same. I poured two fingers and sat back down. I knew what I was going to do and the inner dialog where I tried to talk myself out of it was pointless.
A blue gray image came up in a small box on my laptop. Even in the hazy image she was spectacular. She was young and all of the usual adjectives applied. She was nubile, thin, athletic, toned, mouthwatering, scrumptious.
I am an appalling excuse for a man. In the control panel next to the image was the little round red circle. I clicked it. A pop up appeared offering my a high definition image. I didn't even know the option existed. I clicked yes. A full color, flawless image filled the screen. It was slightly choppy but it was immaculate. Between skinny ass cheeks a delicate asshole and full thick labia were clearly visible.
This was not the first time she had sucked a cock. She showed skills that came from experience. She pressed his full cock into her mouth and down her throat. He relaxed back in the thick leather sofa and let her do her work.
Reflexively I looked over my shoulder. I made sure I had thrown the bolt on the heavy exterior type door when I had slipped back in. I removed my cock and stroked myself as I watched the young woman suck my son's cock.
I don't know how he held back. I came in my hand long before he came in her mouth. I suppose this delightful girl, the most exquisite thing I had seen in years was probably just another Tuesday afternoon for him. I watched her rock back onto her ass and milk his cock into her open mouth porn style. Fucking kids these days have no idea what they have. Thirty years ago girls didn't do that. Getting head came well after fucking, usually after meeting the parents and making a long list of promises of commitment.
I was just about to click the tiny gray X that would close the window when I saw her spring up and push him sideways down onto the couch.
Desperately I hoped he was smart enough not to fuck her. God damned if I was going to have him dropping out of college to get a job and raise a baby, or worse, lose my den to his baby mama and my grandchild. Still though, I wouldn't hold it against him. I would give up my right arm to put my dick in a woman like that. It turned out, that wasn't what she had in mind. She mounted him, just as I expected, but not his cock, his face.
Audio, god damn it! I needed audio. She moved her perfect body slowly. She pressed a hand between her legs. I imagined she tasted of strawberries freshly rinsed and moist, almost dissolving on the tongue. Perfect young breasts swayed as she moved her hips. Pinch the nipples son, I thought to myself, just lightly. Enjoy those tits while they look like that.
I was hard again and again I jacked off into my palm. We came together. She arched her back just as I covered my fingers in cum. Her tummy pulsed as he took her over the edge. Fucking spoiled little piece of shit.
I watched them intently. Fuck her. Come on, son, bend her over the ottoman.
He didn't get the chance. She darted out of the frame and I heard the back door swing open. I needed to oil it. I watched him leave the sofa to follow her.
What was the point in resisting the urge now. I rose and went to the window and watched them jump into the pool butt ass naked. They swam and kissed and chased and once he lifted her up and threw her into the air. She came down with a great playful splash. I guess she did indeed need to leave. As a little before five I watched her emerge from the water, the very image of youthful perfection.
I had neglected my drink. I wandered into the small bathroom, cleaned myself up and washed my hands then sat down with my scotch and spreadsheet and stared at it blankly as though the numbers mattered.
I waited until I head my wife get home. It's easy to tell, the garge going up shakes the floor of the den. I heard her talking with Mickey downstairs. I checked myself in the mirror before I went down. I was still in shirt and tie. I was a little rumpled but I looked more or less normal. I opened the door and padded down the stairs.
"Shit, Mike. You scared me!"
"Dad!"
I surprised everyone. "Hey guys."
"I was just yelling at him. We had planned to hit Manuel's for dinner. I skipped lunch just thinking about it and I come home and he is eating a burrito."
"Dad! What time did you get home?" the look on his face was one of terror.
"He sneaks in and out of his little room up there. I never know if he is there or not." She and Mickey had always had private conversations when I was around. It had been going on since he could talk.
"Like, have you been home a while?"
I contemplated torturing him. I even thought about saying something that would slyly let him know that I had seen the whole thing. I felt the power of secret knowledge. "No, I just beat your mom by a couple of minutes. You weren't throwing some crazy party were you?"
"I'm sure he just had a guest over. I'm guessing you had a nice afternoon." She said. "Did you invite her to join us for dinner. What's her name, Ashley?"
"Naw, she couldn't make it over. She had to work. I've just been home alone all day."
"Ah, well. You shouldn't leave your bikini top in the sun like that. It will get bleached out." She teased him. She headed back towards our bedroom. "I'm changing and then someone is buying me a pollo fundido."
"Shit." My son muttered.
"She doesn't miss anyting. You should bring her to dinner."
"Yeah. Maybe next time."
I patted him on the head and told him to get dressed as I wandered toward the bedroom. I was hoping Shelly hadn't put on clothes yet. I don't know how but I still had one left in me and I knew we wouldn't do anything after Mexican food and margaritas.
I found her bare assed at the bathroom sink. Her blouse was open. She had stopped to wash her face. I loved it when she was half undressed and I moved in behind her.
"Mike. No. what. Oh!" she protested as I groped her from behind, pressing my hard cock against her ass. "What about Mickey. Hey!" I dropped my pants and reached my hand below her ass between her thighs. "here." She said, holding up the Vaseline she had been using to remove her eye makeup. "Just a tiny bit."
I dabbed it onto her clit and along her pussy. I gripped her large tits from behind and pressed my cock into her. She grunted. I pounded away at her. My hips slapped against her lovely fat ass. She moaned.
I wanted to come. I wanted to fuck that tight little ass I had seen earlier. I wanted her to sit on my face. I wanted that ripe young cunt. I fucked my wife. I fucked her hard, she gripped the counter. Her head hit the mirror in front of her. I lifted her up. Her feet came off the floor. Her legs splayed wide behind me. Bottles fell over with a clack, tubes were pushed to the floor.
"Go. Go. Fuck." She muttered quietly. I wasn't quiet. I groaned with the exertion of trying to come a third time.
I held her by the tits. I gripped them hard. She braced herself against the wall. Sweat broke out on my brow and on my back. It was hot under the lights.
"Go. Go."
"Gruuuuuuufft." I moaned when I came. I felt myself pulsing inside of her.
"Don't stop." She muttered, begging. I didn't. I hit her harder. I imagined that piece of ass on my couch and giving up my arm to fuck it. I pounded. I noticed her face in the mirror. She was watching me all along. I don't know how I didn't notice. We locked eyes. She smiled. I bit down. I had more in me, I was sure of it.
When it hit her she squealed. She had gotten louder now that we had the house to ourselves.
When I pulled out of her I slapped her ass. She turned and gripped my tie and pulled my mouth to hers. We kissed. We really don't kiss that often.
"Do I want to know what brought that on?" she said between kisses. She grinned from ear to ear.
"Definitely not." I told her.
"She's a hottie?"
"Get dressed. I'm hungry."
"You're a dirty old man, you know that, right?"
"Yup." I said as I headed for my closet to find a pair of shorts. I slapped her ass again just because I could. "Don't eat too much."
"Damn. She must be really hot." She teased me.
As I dressed I imagined how much harder it would be to get dressed with one arm. It was still probably worth it I concluded as I headed out to take my family to dinner.