The next morning the young bride woke up feeling rested and refreshed, especially considering how hammered she had gotten the night before. The only symptom was a nagging headache. Ava looked over at her snoring husband and noticed that his shriveled cock looked a little bruised. Ava assumed that he had wracked himself at some point during his drunken stupor. It took her a moment to realize that she too was completely naked. Her body felt a little sore, especially around her most sensitive areas. Ava noticed that her dress and underwear had been thrown haphazardly on the floor, very unlike her usual orderly and meticulous nature. Her cheeks and the corners of her mouth felt a little crusty, she poked at it with her tongue, and was surprised to find it taste so sweet! It must have been some of that last shot the hunky black bartender gave her last night!
With a slight jolt, Ava sprang from the bed to relieve herself. Her ass had been propped up by pillows all night, her hips cocked back keeping her ass elevated. As she stood a stream of fluid ran down her leg. She was surprised, she thought she had just peed herself! She was absolutely mortified, but relieved that Troy was still passed out. Upon closer inspection, the sticky substance was more than urine. More of the sticky substance came out as she sat on the toilet relieving herself.
The goo was so thick and viscous, she could only liken to what had dropped on her foot on her wedding night. Maybe she and Troy had fucked last night, and she just couldn't remember! Her memory was a little foggy, but she thought Troy's cum was a little more watery. She knew for sure that she would remember the smell. So Ava reached down and let her fingers be covered in some of the substance, and brought it to her nose. It didn't smell great, maybe a little of her own odor mixed in, and something else. Definitely a masculine scent; something deep within her psyche decided that it would be a good idea to taste it.
Before she could even think rationally, Ava plunged her two fingers into her mouth, sucking and licking the tantalizing substance. She was so taken by it that she began fingering her now extremely horny cunt trying to get more to taste. She even tried to drag it off of what was left on her tongue. Her appetite for it was not even close to whetted. Suddenly she felt like she was not in control of her own body. She had never done anything like this before, but now couldn't stop!
Ava's pussy was screaming for satisfaction. The extremely horny housewife decided to stop fingering herself and postpone her inevitable climax, to allow her husband the honor of getting her off to what could be the biggest orgasm of her young life. She quickly finished in the bathroom and raced back to the bed.
The wonderful dream she'd had the night before was now racing through her mind. She dreamt that she had achieved the biggest orgasm of her life! The memory was getting fuzzy, but she was sure it had been her husband in the dream. Only he was completely bald, and considerably darker. The man in her dreams was so steady and sure of himself, he knew exactly how to pleasure her. The more she thought about it, the more she was convinced that the imaginary lover was not Troy.
"Wake up sleepy head!" Ava exclaimed as she pounced nude on the bed. She shook Troy, trying to wake him from his alcohol induced coma.
"Wake up! I want to make love in this beautiful morning light!" Ava reached down to manipulate Troy's obviously injured penis.
"WarrruuGGHHA!" Troy called out in pain. "Oh, my god, my ween hurts so bad! What happened last night?" Troy recoiled in complete terror from his beautiful wife.
"I think I'm gonna puke!" Troy jumped out of bed, scampering towards the toilet. Ava heard the distinctive sounds of Troy retching into the porcelain bowl. Troy continued heaving for the next several minutes, until nothing could be heard. Ava laid in bed, curtains wide open, slowly caressing her soft supple skin. She was able to retreat back to her fantasy man, despite the awful noises coming from the toilet.
Ava was startled from her trance when Troy called out for her.
"Babe, would you get me a bag of ice, my balls are KILLING me."
Ava huffed as she got out of bed and walked over to the fridge in their room. The ice bin was empty, she would have to go get more from the ice machine down the hall.
"Ok, Sweetie, I'll be right back, it seems we are all out!" Ava threw on a long t-shirt and skipped out the door. She was completely naked underneath, Ava noticed a piece of paper on the ground. It said that due to the beautiful weather, yoga had been moved to the lakeside! Ava had nearly forgotten, she needed to hurry to make it on time. With that in mind, it never even occurred to her that her door was the only one in the long hall to get the notice.
Ava felt so sexy and naughty walking around the other couples so underdressed. It was getting her already overexcited body aroused further. Ava filled the bucket and hurried back to the room. She let herself in, and found Troy once again passed out in bed.
"Here is your ice Sweetie! You need to hurry, your tee time is in an hour, and you better not cancel, you already paid for it!"
Ava stripped off the t-shirt and hopped in the shower. She needed to get cleaned up for the day.
Ava was putting on her new yoga shorts. She was so excited when she saw them in the store, she just knew she had to get them. The length of them was rather short, but she figured that was the fashion now. Ava slipped on her industrial strength sports bra and a tight tank top to go over that. She applied a little bit of makeup and was ready to go to her class, with 15 minutes to spare.
She stepped out of the bathroom just as Troy got out of bed. He had a towel full of ice on his midsection. He was starting to get his color back.
"Honey, stay with me until I have to leave. I ordered room service for myself, I can call back and get something for you!"
"Aw, isn't that sweet of you, I'll just grab a banana on my way out. Have fun at golf. I'll be doing yoga, but don't forget about our couples massage later. You should have enough time to get back here after golf. I love you!"
Ava pecked her husband on the cheek. Tonight would have to be the night that she finally got what she needed. Ava had never been this ready for sex in her life. She was half wondering if she was ovulating, it just seemed like she could not get her mind off of sex! The massage would hopefully help Troy relax enough to maintain a good, hard erection.
Ava passed a fruit bowl on her way out towards the lakeside. She grabbed two of the biggest, fattest bananas she could find. She held the girthiest one in her hands, wishing it were a big fat cock. She so badly wanted to fuck. In her mind, she wanted to jam this fat banana deep inside her pussy, maybe just to dull the burning itch of desire. Being a proper young woman, she did not do that obviously. Instead, Ava peeled the banana and took a big bite, almost biting off 4 inches. A young man observing the sexually frustrated housewife winced at the sight.
Ava made her way down the romantic winding trail and arrived at the spot where the class was to be held. She only saw two mats placed on the serene beach, she figured that the turnout for this class was rather low. Most people here were probably busy doing other things. Ava was stretching out, waiting for the instructor to show up. She was a little early, but she was beginning to worry that maybe she had missed the session. Ava's sexual desire was still rather high. She was contemplating touching herself to relieve the growing sexual tension. With the romantic scenery and the relative cover of privacy, the horny young wife made up her mind. She slowly brought her hand down her tight torso, towards her very excited sex. She was lost in her own fantasy world as she lightly massaged her clit over the soft material of her shorts. She was suddenly aware that she was no longer alone.
Ava looked up and saw the strong black legs of what she assumed was the yoga instructor approaching. Embarrassed about being caught, she quickly flipped to her knees, and began stretching out her back, acting as if nothing was out of the ordinary. As she rose back up, hoping that her timing was just right, she immediately realized the instructor was unexpectedly close and this was a problem. Her head was now only a few inches away from his crotch, as her eyes continued traveling up his tall frame.
An observer looking from behind would only see the sexy silhouette of a white woman, on her knees, worshipping the cock of her black Adonis. Ava took a quick glance at the man's crotch, she could see a considerable lump under his black form-fitting track pants. The enormous black man wore a tank top that displayed his huge chest and massive arms. The tank top hugged his perfect abs so that Ava could see the definition from his hard training. Something in the back of her mind nagged her. A primal instinct she could not explain. It just felt right for Ava to be on her knees, subservient to this powerful man. The feeling was so intense it scared her a little, but it was good. It was almost like butterflies in her tummy, but this went much deeper.
Ava managed to stand, but at 5' 9" she still had to strain her neck to make eye contact with the giant black man.
"Are you the instructor for yoga?" Ava did not instantly recognize the man, but there was a nagging sense of familiarity as she looked deep into his caramel brown eyes.
"Haha, well what are the chances you would be in my class this morning Ava! You don't remember me? I'm Mass, I was your bartender last night!"
"Oh, that's right...Sorry about that, long night..."
"It's ok, happens to the best of us," Mass was a little relieved that she didn't remember a thing from the night before, but he had a feeling that she remembered something, as she kept stealing glances towards his cock. He was not nearly as hard as he was last night, still the cold shower helped only a little.
"Well, let's get started! Are you ready for some advanced work, or are you still a little sickly from last night?" Mass was testing the waters here, trying to see how far she would go.
"Give me EVERYTHING you got big guy! I've been practicing yoga for many moons, maybe I will be the one showing you some moves!" Ava laughed and elbowed the big black brute in the ribs. She instantly felt how hard his abs were. She was very impressed. Compared to Troy, Mass wasn't even the same species! In fact Mass appeared to be just about perfect physically.
"Well, I have a few moves I think you will really love, we are going to go hard, and deep." The two laughed as Ava gripped his bicep, attempting to break the obvious sexual tension in the air.
Mass and Ava sat side by side first to relax. Legs crossed, middle finger and thumb touching, they worked through some deep breathing, Mass was the first to start, leading the barely clothed housewife into the first few poses. The session very basic with downward facing dog, leg raises, knee circles, and such. Ava never noticed Mass checking out her ass and tits, but Mass caught her more than a few times checking out his huge package.
Mass had in fact taken every opportunity to gawk and appreciate the beautiful woman next to him. His eyes were glued to her perfect muscular ass as she raised it high into the air. He loved how her big titties pushed as hard as possible against the fabric of her sports bra as she stretched her arms toward the sky. The housewife's beautiful hamstring muscles strained during some of the deeper stretches highlighting how in-shape she really was. It was becoming unbearable for the black man, he knew he wouldn't be able to hide his raging hard on for much longer.
"Ava, I will need to pause for a moment." Mass stated suddenly.
"Quitting already? I figured you couldn't hang, but I thought you would make it longer than 10 minutes!" Ava joked. She had a feeling Mass was quite good at yoga, he was very strong and capable. He was not at all like the many men she had seen attempt and fail yoga. Her husband Troy was the most disastrous. They had only been practicing for a few minutes, barely even into leg raises and Troy he was falling all over himself. He quit and never attempted to join Ava again during her private morning basement sessions.
"No, I just need to get a little bit more comfortable, do you mind if I strip down to my shorts?" It did not really matter what she said, Mass was already stripping down to the European style brief shorts he wore underneath his pants. The tight black material tugged tightly across his massive quads. Ava could see the definition of the fibrous tissue twitching as he stood on one leg taking off his pants.
Ava couldn't help but notice the obscene bulge that could not possibly be his penis. Ava was shocked at how big it appeared to be. She could almost see the thick ridge on the head of his cock as it sat snugly against his hips, bending down towards his leg. Catching her gawking, Mass just smiled at the woman's appreciation for his superior cock.
"Ok, let's get to work, after all you are the student today. Maybe tomorrow I can be yours." Mass stood beside Ava, touching her gently as she progressed through the increasingly more difficult movements. The touching and sexual energy was really getting to the young wife. She was sure that her sex starved pussy had soaked through her tiny yoga shorts. Her nipples were so hard under her sports bra she thought it might just pop off!
At one point Mass was stretching her out, standing right behind her. Her legs were pushed together tightly as Mass worked his hands down her back. Ava was sure she could feel his hard cock against the soaked material encasing her pussy. In the same pose, Ava now spread her legs wide. Looking backward through her legs, Ava was able to see that magnificent cock. She pointed her toes and lifted her ass up to gently rub his cock on her desperate cunt.
Mass pushed her down further, his hands moving from the back of her neck over her tingling spine until she was bent in half and his large calloused hands rested on her firm ass. Testing the waters a little, Mass flipped his thumbs over Ava's achingly horny pussy. He could see her excitement, as the crotch of her shorts were completely soaked.
Ava was breathing heavy now, not from physical exertion, but from the overwhelming sexual desire. With a stifled groan, Ava's eyes rolled into the back of her head. Momentarily, Mass let his thumbs linger for a few moments, making little twitching movements, stimulating Ava's cunt more. Mass began working the hot woman back up, then he put his hands around her waist, once again bringing his monster in close proximity to Ava's dripping pussy. His hands now sliding up the glistening bride, Mass's cock was getting harder. The wicked young man was growing bolder as his hands cupped each of Ava's perfectly shaped breasts.
The sensation of the strong man feeling her up did not concern the young wife, she was turned on beyond belief. She was quickly realizing that this private yoga lesson may have been a set up! Ava wanted to run away, but it just felt too good. The delirious young wife just could not hold back any longer, her inhibitions were almost completely gone! She decided she was going to give in to her desire, and take advantage of the situation
Ava now took every opportunity to feel his strong bicep muscles and powerful forearms. Her dainty hand lingered as she felt up and down his powerful legs, only slightly grazing the very tip of Mass's huge cock. She smiled coyly at the thought of unleashing that black baton right there and letting him ravage her horny mouth and pussy.
Mass was loving it, he felt like she was really going for him. This woman was so hot that he was sweating. Once again he stood behind her, and it took everything he had to not completely fuck her senseless right then and there. Feeling more bold, Mass decided to up the ante a little.
"Think you can handle more?"
"I was born ready!" the young wife gasped. She was now panting from sexual anticipation.
Mass lay on his back with his legs straight up in the air. Ava watched as he twisted and contorted. More often than not, her gaze fell upon that wonderful bulge in his midsection. She was very impressed with Mass's musculature and grace. Mass motioned for Ava to join him. He placed his foot on Ava's tight stomach, and easily pushed her up. Mass raised his strong arms to support her through the movement. The beautiful young wife tried to sync her movements with his. She finished in the deepest stretch when her head was nearly face down in Mass's crotch. She could smell the delicious masculine scent permeating from there.
Mass was loving it, and deep breathing techniques helped him quell his desire for immediate sexual release. He was very focused on his practice at the moment. Mass transferred Ava to his other leg, rolling her so his foot was on her ass. His long toes curled up, pressing directly on the now soaked fabric of the cusp between Ava's legs.
Still holding hands, Mass lowered Ava down, stretching and arching her body as he pushed his hips high off the ground. Ava's hands were knocking against his butt, trying to keep her balance in the precarious position. It was a difficult position, but he had a wonderful view of her bra encased titties. The force of the movement proved to be too much strain for the undersized garment (despite it being the biggest she could find that was still cute!) The material burst open! Ava's huge tits followed with gravity and spilled out of her tank top, right into Mass's face!
Ava screamed in horror! She lost her balance and grabbed what she could, which happened to be the waistband of Mass's shorts. All too quickly Ava pushed them down a few inches, just enough to release the angry serpent hidden inside! Mass's huge cock popped up and smacked Ava directly on the cheek. The drooling cock left a trail of pre-cum as it slid across Ava's face and lips. Suddenly the hot couple were on the ground. Ava was now face to face with the biggest, blackest, cock she had ever seen, and she was more than intrigued by it!
Instinctively Ava grabbed the big cock to pull it away from her hot mouth, which was slightly open from the shock. Her tongue rolled over her pouty lips as she grasped his heaving cock, trying to pull it away. The huge weapon felt so powerful in her tiny hands, her slender fingers could barely even begin to wrap all the way around the thick base. She was amazed at the missile like shape, as it curved naturally back to her now salivating mouth.
This all happened in a matter of seconds, but it seemed to have lasted minutes in Ava's shocked mind. She was suddenly rolling off Mass, her face glowing with embarrassment! Her right hand instantly went to her chest, in a vain attempt to cover herself. Mass was not as eager to cover up his throbbing erection. Ava was still holding it firmly in her left hand, ever so slightly fisting the thick meat. She let go, as she tried to cover herself with both hands.
"OH MY GOD! I am SO sorry!" Ava was practically on the verge of tears. She was pulling the tank top over her big boobs, all while trying to shuck off the ruined material of her sports bra. Mass's cock was still out, Ava stole a few glances as she messed with her sports bra. His cock had slammed back towards his rock hard abs, after she let go of it. The thick veins encircling the massive black wand were pulsing with each heartbeat, seemingly in perfect time with her own.
"I have never seen anything quite like THAT before!" Mass chuckled, breaking the tension. "I guess it could happen to the best of us!"
"Oh, that is so embarrassing!" Ava reached over to her bag, digging through it looking for something. "I'm so sorry for pulling down your shorts," Ava said.
She was not at all sorry, her curiosity for his huge cock had only been intensified. The horny young wife so badly wanted to inspect and explore the wonderful appendage more thoroughly. She wondered to herself if her reaction would have been similar in a more private situation. It was entirely possible that Ava would have taken that huge cock into her mouth! She had never sucked a cock before, but to be honest, she had always been curious.
"I guess it was only fair! But you have nothing to be sorry for, your body is perfect," Mass chuckled. He was a little hopeful that the beautiful woman would suck and fuck him right then and there. The moment for that to happen was passing quickly.
Staring down at Mass's enormous cock Ava replied, "well, you aren't so bad yourself!" Ava inadvertently licked her lips, moving her wanton gaze from the huge cock to Mass's kind eyes. She was really getting off on all the positive sexual energy.
"Think we should just call it a day?" Mass inquired. He was leaning back on his elbows, his fat wand still wagging back and forth. After a brief moment of silence, he began reluctantly stuffing his hard cock back into his tight shorts. Ava glanced out of the side of her eyes, sorry to see it going away, knowing she wouldn't have been able to resist if he had kept it out for much longer!
"No, we don't have to, I'd like to finish, good thing I grabbed my swimsuit!" Just as she said it, she plucked the tiny bikini top out of the bag, showing it off to Mass.
"See, this should work for the cool down! I've never practiced with such a powerful partner before," Ava said, staring into his deep soulful eyes, as she bit her bottom lip coquettishly. The very last thing she wanted to do was leave, being around the powerful alpha male made her feel so good.
At this point if the black man had made an advance, there was no way she would have resisted. However, he was acting the part of a perfect gentleman. Ava was simply putty in his hands at this moment, he could have her at his will. She would have even ridden him right where they sat, fucking his huge cock for all to see. Ava's desire could no longer be quelled, she needed to be fucked properly!
"Ha, yes, don't forget handsome too! Get that top on and let's finish!" Mass was not even trying to hide from the world that he had a raging hard on.
She turned around and did her best to cover her modesty as she put on her swimsuit top. She flipped off the tank top when she was satisfied. It was beautiful outside, and she wanted to feel the warmth of the sun on her tight skin.
"Well, you could have used the showers over there, but that was way more fun to watch!" Mass chuckled as he pointed towards the structure about a hundred feet away.
"I figured the mystery was gone! Considering my tits were just in your face a few minutes ago! And maybe I didn't know there was a changing area over there!"
Ava took her spot on her mat as Mass whipped off his own shirt. He was dripping with sweat, it made his ripped muscles appear to glisten. Ava licked her lips in approval, a little jolt of energy whipped its way through her body, coming to rest in her over-excited pussy.
Ava and Mass worked silently cooling down, they touched occasionally. Mass couldn't keep his hands off of Ava, and Ava was having a hard time controlling herself as well! Neither one wanted the session to end, but a few people were coming down to the beach area, and they were getting funny looks.
"Ava, you're a natural! What a great session! I really appreciate you coming to my class! It's too bad you were my only student, but we made it work!"
"Yes, you were a wonderful Yogi! Maybe we can do it again tomorrow! I'll have to get a new sports bra though!" Ava laughed and grasped Mass's strong forearm.
They locked eyes and shared a moment. The sexual chemistry between the two was palpable, Ava dare not act on her instincts, as she kept reminding herself that she was a married woman!
"That would be lovely." Mass stooped down, wrapping his strong arms around the beauty to embrace her in a hug. His face was now mere inches away from hers. Her hands wrapped around his hips placing them directly on his hard backside muscles. All the while his powerful hands traveled down her back towards her meaty ass.
Ava brought one hand back around, to get one final 'accidental' touch of his powerful male organ. Mass so badly wanted to kiss her soft delicate lips. Instead he broke the hug. Ava was a little shocked, she too was anticipating a kiss from his beautiful full lips. The young wife would have happily accepted and returned the kiss, she was disappointed when he broke free of her charms.
"I'm going to go get cleaned up, long day ahead of me! Maybe we can get together later," with that said, Mass took off towards the locker rooms.
Ava shouted after him, watching his tight buns as he walked away, "Have a great day! Sounds good, I might just take you up on that!" Mass turned around and blew her a kiss! Ava blushed at the sentiment. That man made her feel like a teenager with a high school crush!
The lovestruck woman watched him disappear into the small building. She turned around and packed up her bag. There were a few men on the beach ogling her, their wives slapping them in retribution. Ava wished she had packed a more modest swimsuit. In an effort to duck for cover, Ava headed to the same building she had just seen Mass enter. She assumed he entered through the men's entrance, and walked around until she found another opening.
Ava walked in and turned the corner. It seemed the women's shower was right around the opposite corner from the men's. Ava sat on the toilet to relieve herself, she decided that she too would wash the sand and sweat off her body. After she flushed the toilet, Ava exited the stall and stripped nude. She grabbed a towel from her bag and headed towards the showers. It was not a private shower at all. Instead it was 4 open stalls with curtains for modesty, and the showers were open to the men's side as well. One of them was in use, the towel Ava saw Mass carrying was hanging outside on a hook.
Ava stepped into a private stall and was about to start the shower when she had a delicious idea. Ava just had to see that powerful cock, one last time. She quietly tiptoed towards her black suitor, the small gap in the curtain was enough to peek through to the scene inside. Mass was naked, facing towards the wall. He was leaning over, one strong arm against the wall as the warm water jets were streaming down his back. The enclosure was full of steam, but it was not difficult for Ava to appreciate his strong thighs and muscular ass. She had never seen a sexier sight in her whole life!
Ava's hand dropped down towards her quivering sex, she wanted the main show, she wanted to see that beautiful cock that had nearly been in her mouth. She was diddling her wet pussy and excited clit. Overcome with lust, Ava decided to take matters in her own hands. Mass had played the part of the perfect gentleman, never picking up on her signals that she wanted him to take her.
Ava excitedly thrust her naked body into the shower stall. "Need any assistance in here?"
Mass jumped at the interruption, quickly turning around. Ava could see what Mass was doing, he was stroking that beautiful piece of cock meat! His hand was wrapped tightly around his pulsing sprog! The dark pink helmet just peeking out from underneath his strong grasp! His huge balls were swinging back and forth. Ava put her hands on his strong shoulders and dropped to her knees.
"What in the world!" Mass exclaimed, just as Ava brought her face closer to his huge cock. She pushed her index finger to his full lips, shushing the strong black man. She raked her long fingernails down his muscled torso.
Ava whispered, "I was spying on you, I just had to get one last look of you!" Ava was giggling like a schoolgirl. She continued to whisper. "Is this thing for real? I have never seen anything like it!"
Staring at the monstrosity in awe, Ava brushed Mass's hands away so she could feel its enormity. She had both hands on his steel hard cock, pumping it slowly. The lust-filled woman stared up into Mass's eyes as she pumped his huge cock with her dainty right hand while massaging his huge nut sack with her left. She seemed to be in a complete trance as she just stared as the massive piece of flesh in front of her. Ava began kissing his thighs, working herself over to his big balls. She flicked out her pointy pink tongue, really loving the feeling of his extra large nuts in her mouth. Ava worked her mouth up the side of his long, veiny, powerful black dick.
Just as she attempted to take his dark meat into her mouth, Mass leaned down and pushed his lips against Ava's hot mouth. The soon to be lovers began kissing each other. Little pecks that led into heavy open mouth kissing, with lots of tongue. Mass broke free, pulling the beauty back up to her feet. He kissed all over Ava's warm neck and chest. His huge hands were all over her body, paying particular attention to her oversized tits. Ava was pulling his excited cock closer and closer to her bald cunt. She was absolutely desperate for relief. Ava now had this huge and willing cock between her legs. She grinded her pussy back and forth over the top of the powerful weapon as she continued holding it.
"We shouldn't be doing this! I'm a married woman! I have just never felt this way before," the desperate wife rasped. Her pussy was quivering from the intense stimulation of his hard cock rubbing her excited clit. Mass was now angling his hips up, Ava stood higher, now on her tiptoes as Mass began pushing the tip of his cock inside the now quivering beauty.
"There is no way this can happen, it's just too big, I have never had anything near your size! You are just so much bigger than my husband! It will never fit!" Ava's throaty voice whispered into Mass's ear. She was already feeling the pressure of his fat cock head, invading further into her primed and ready cunt.
"It will fit, I just know it! And your husband never has to know!" Mass replied as he pushed a little more, he was only slightly further along than he was the previous night. Ava was much more ready for his huge cock this time around. The way that Mass's enormous phallus tapered from the tip to the root would help ease the process. Most ladies gave up at the 6" mark, but Mass was hopeful this big-titted slut could go the distance. He always had such high hopes the first time he fucked a woman.
The black man watched the beautiful white woman's face scrunched with intensity as he pushed on. The full head of Mass's cock slipped deeper into the overexcited wife. She was biting and moaning straight into Mass's muscular shoulder. She couldn't believe the sensations coming from the huge cock. It was nothing she had ever imagined. It was only a few strokes in when Ava's knees buckled with the first truly mind-shattering orgasm of her life. The last few days of sexual excitement had lead up to this moment. All of the 'orgasms' she had given herself in the past few months were nothing compared to this!
"Oh my God, what is HAPPENING! I'm CUMMING on your fat cock!" Ava screamed and hollered, as she worked through the life altering experience. Mass did his best to cover her mouth, but his hands were busy holding her ass up off the floor. The adulterous young wife was now being pushed up against the wall, her tiny feet dangling free as Mass worked about 5" of thick man meat into the convulsing woman. Mass had to use one hand to cover her mouth, but he was losing his grip on her ass and he gently let her slide down to the tile floor.
Mass's huge cock was now dislodged from her. Gasping for breath, she said, "Holy fuck, that was the best thing I have ever felt," Ava was caressing her very tender folds. She looked up and saw Mass's still pulsing hard cock. The huge weapon was bobbing to and fro. She kneeled at His feet and worshipped her new black God. Ava opened her mouth wide taking the tip of Mass's huge cock into her mouth. She instantly remembered the taste from this morning, the very distinctive taste of their combined juices! She pulled back-
"I remember now! It must've been you that got me off last night! Did you fuck me in my sleep, you big horn dog?" The lust-drunk beauty's eyes rolled back in her head as she went back to sucking and slurping on as much of his dick as she could handle. Her hand was kneading and lightly tugging Mass's huge balls, her eyes glazed over as if in a hypnotic state. She had never sucked cock before, she was running on pure instinct.
Her little mouth was stretched to limit, but she continued letting him fuck her mouth. She made up for the lack of oral penetration with lots of licking and sucking. The naive wife was only doing what felt proper and right. A big cock such as this needed to be respected! It certainly was not the best head Mass had ever received, but he was extremely turned on, and he really appreciated her enthusiasm. He loved the way she stared into his eyes as she fisted his huge meat before attempting to take him further into her small wet mouth.
"No, but I was close! I really wanted to bust a nut in you, but I wanted you to remember our first time! I knew from the second I saw you, I was gonna get you!"
"Well aren't you the respectable man," Ava licked and slurped between words. "You should have taken what was rightfully yours last night!" With that said the totally delirious housewife attempted to choke down as much cock as she could. The act brought tears to her eyes as she choked down inch after inch. Ava fought hard to suppress her gag reflex.
Ava continued worshipping Mass's big dick as he stood in shock over what the horny slut was saying. He had seen it before, Ava was drunk on lust for his huge cock! This time he would take no mercy on her! Ava's head was bobbing back and forth quickly as her hand worked his thick shaft. Mass leaned back against the cool tile wall. He looked down at the beautiful sight of Ava's head hungrily slobbering all over his cock. Ava's perfect big titties moving right along with her.
"I gotta have more of that pussy!" Mass reached around grabbing Ava by the hips, bringing the beauty queen to her feet. He roughly turned her around and bent the slut at her hips. Mass bent his knees a little, and lined his huge cock up to Ava's starved sex hole.
"Fuck me Mass! Fuck my little white pussy!" Ava was ravenous, pushing back, trying to force the huge cock inside her tight pussy. Mass was incredibly turned on by the sight of Ava's wide stretched pussy and winking asshole. The big black man placed his hands on the white slut's narrow hips, pumping her onto his big meaty dick. Ava's tender inner lips pulled out along with Mass's huge cock. He stared in disbelief as the slut below him thrashed about.
Ava was going wild, the orgasms started as soon as Mass pushed inside her. She was thrashing so violently that it took everything Mass had to hang on! Her sweet cunt was so wet and tight that after only a few minutes Mass start to feel his nuts quiver. The all too familiar feeling of Mass's impending orgasm was near! He had never cum so fast from sex, he wasn't sure if it was Ava's hot body, or all the teasing his poor cock had endured for the last day. He was definitely feeling it, and there was no way he could stop now.
"Oh baby I'm gonna cum! Gonna bust this nut deep inside of you!" There was no stopping Mass now, he was definitely past the point of no return!
"Fuck me lover, fuck my pussy!" Ava knew she was taking a huge risk not asking Mass to pull out, and she did not care at that moment. Besides, there was no way the black man could pull out, even if he wanted to!
His huge black cock swelled so large in anticipation of the release that Ava's sweet pie wouldn't let it. Ava pushed hard against the opposite wall of the shower, all of her upper body strength keeping Mass's thick tool deep inside her pussy.
Hearing the huge black man began to bellow, Ava shouted, "Cum in me lover, do it now!" Just then she reached yet another monumental peak, right as Mass unloaded his volley of sperm into the now completely unfaithful housewife.
Grunting and groaning, he pulled her tight ass firmly as a four-day-backlog of cum flowed and filled his personal slut to the brim. Eventually Mass let go of Ava's hips as he moaned out his remaining orgasm. Ava twerked her hips up and down, working the huge cock, coaxing the cum out of his huge tool. Her hand was between her legs, massaging Mass's huge balls. She could feel them contract with every powerful spurt of his potent cum. The sensation of the huge cock unloading inside of her was incredible.
She was finally coming down from her own high, she felt so good that she sank down to her knees, her head and arms resting on the floor of the shower. Ava kept her ass way up in the air. Mass watched, hoping that Ava's now gaping pussy would eventually revert back to its naturally tight state. What he saw now looked pretty typical after he fucked a woman, the skin was flushed and red, Mass could easily see inside her pussy.
He guessed her hole had been stretched out far enough that a ping pong ball could easily slip inside, maybe with room to spare. Her pussy was completely full of his thick milky load, but Mass could see that it was beginning to lessen. His cum was now running past her cervix into her womb, absorbing into her reproductive system, anxiously attempting to fertilize her egg.
"I can't believe that just happened! I have never felt anything like that before!" Ava was still recovering in the same position. This downward dog pose did not allow any cum to escape from Ava's well fucked pussy. Mass had shot his load very deep inside. One of the biggest orgasms of his life. Mass reached down and slapped her ass, leaving a big red handprint on her cheek.
"Ouch! You jerk!" Ava flipped around to see Mass standing above her, confident and proud. His big cock was still very much erect. Ava was surprised to see that his huge dick was still spasming and drooling copious amounts cum. It was slowly dripping off the end of his cock onto his thigh. Ava immediately attended to cleaning his beautiful cock, accepting the remnants of their mutual orgasm on her tongue. The more she tongue bathed his cock, the more Mass would jump from the sensitivity!
"My oh my, looks like I have found a freak! Baby, you are one in BILLION!" Mass was loving the attention, Ava was loving the taste of the black man's sweet cum in her mouth. Ava was now satisfied that he was done cumming. She squeezed and sucked one last time. She even licked up the small puddle that had formed on his leg, and the bit dripping off his enormous balls.
Ava felt completely content at that moment. It was a feeling unlike any she had ever experienced, all of the sexual frustration torturing her was finally gone. It was like a huge burden had been lifted off of her chest. Ava sat back and caressed her tingling body. The blood was still rushing to all of her most sensitive areas as she rubbed and stroked her soft supple skin. She watched as Mass stood and leaned back in the shower stream, he turned up the heat on the water to make more steam. His huge cock was as hard as ever, sticking straight out like a flag pole. Ava thought he looked absolutely perfect at that moment.
A small stream of Mass's huge deposit had started to make its way out of her very stretched and distended hole. "Look what you did to my little pussy!" Mass plopped down next to Ava to inspect closer. He stuck a finger inside of her soaked cunt, his thumb gently began to massage her still swollen clitoris.
"Looks like I messed it up, but trust me, it needed it!" Mass smiled and gave the pouty housewife a kiss on the lips. Ava feigned her bratty behavior as her hand found its way to his beefy cock as they made out. Mass was as hard as ever during the makeout session.
"Fuck I love these big titties!" Mass was pinching and pulling Ava's very hard and excited nipples. She herself had never seen them so big and excited. The rougher Mass treated them, the more aroused she got. Ava was double fisting the huge cock when she swung her legs over her lover's body.
Ava leaned forward, pushing her tits right into Mass's face, his big cock was slapping against her ass cheeks. Ava reached back and positioned the huge pole against her already stretched sex. She sighed in acceptance as she guided the huge cock and it plunged deep inside. It felt so good to be in total control, Mass was busy biting and sucking her hard nipples.
"YESSS!" She moaned as the head pushed back into her once again. Inch after inch slid through her hand as his cock pushed deeper.
"OH GOD YESSS!!" she moaned again, releasing his shaft and falling back down onto his lap. Ava removed her hand, allowing her full weight to bear down on the massive shaft.
"Has that sissy husband of yours ever fucked you this well?" her new powerful lover asked, leaning forwards, biting her neck, leaving a small hickey by her throat.
"Never," she muttered. "He's a wimp, and you're a man," Mass's cock head pushed right through into her womb, easily this time. He held it still, flexing the muscles and making his cock jerk, keeping it buried inside of her.
"This is how a woman like you needs to be fucked, by a real man, with a REAL cock" he told her, she was finally starting to work his cock a little. "What cock do you like better? That wimpy little white worm or this huge pussy wrecker?" Mass really got off on dirty talk, and so far Ava was the filthiest he'd ever had.
"Your cock, Mass," she told him truthfully. "Troy has a tiny useless penis, I need your big, powerful man sized cock."
"What kind of cock is it, Ava?"
Her body approaching another life altering orgasm, "black cock, a BIG FAT BLACK COCK" she screamed. "I love this black cock." Her pussy suddenly spasmed and her nipples swelled, her big green eyes dilated. Ava slumped over, riding out the biggest orgasm of her life. The huge black man pushed her back upright. Mass took over, relentlessly punishing her tiny pussy with his superior cock.
Ava's gushing pussy sent a fresh wave of juices over the mighty black cock sliding in and out of her pussy. Mass's huge cock was coated with her wetness, and the deposit of cum he planted firmly in her womb earlier. The base of his cock was a frothy mixture of their combined juices.
"Glad you like it," said Mass, lifting her slightly off her feet and twisting her around. Ava's sweet cunt never lost contact as Mass spun her around. "Your body's built for this big black cock." He started pushing Ava forward as she rode him reverse cowgirl style. The big black man held her firm ass up and slammed his cock into her faster. Ava was working just as hard pushing back, unbelievably accepting just about every fat inch Mass had to offer.
Ava felt another orgasm growing. She'd never been fucked this hard or fast before. Troy would have cum a long time ago, that is if he were even able to get hard. She felt a strong urge to mate and to be bred by this virile stud. It was something primal, something Ava could not resist, even if she tried.
Mass was loving the sight of Ava's perfect ass as it bounced up and down on him. He loved seeing the inner lips of Ava's cunt stretch down, clinging to his massive cock. Mass filled her tiny pussy completely, and he always marveled at the beauty of a white woman taking the full length of his meat. It was usually bigger girls that could take him all the way, Ava was a natural for big cock, and she obviously loved it!
"Ohhhh! Your thick black cock is making me cum again," the slut cried. Mass decided to push his wet thumb into what he assumed was virgin territory. Ava squealed in orgasm as Mass let it slip deep inside Ava's sweet pink asshole.
Ava leaned back, the stimulation of Mass's huge cock in her pussy and his fat thumb in her virgin butthole was too much! Her body was physically exhausted from the orgasms he was giving her. They were popping off like firecrackers in her brain. She never imagined she would ever let a man finger her asshole, but now it was something she would have to investigate further, hopefully Mass could help!
The wanton young slut positioned herself so that she could stare at the powerful shaft stroking out of her pussy only to ram back in. The thick, throbbing vein on the underside of the massive cock pulsed as it rubbed her over excited clit. Ava could see the effect his large cock head had, it was distending her belly as it worked its way deep into her womb.
She stared with fascination at the thrusting black cock, and she began to vigorously rub her clit as the superior male slammed her full of cock. Ava was cumming so hard now, she was taking his big dick all the way down to his full and heavy balls. Not an inch of his huge weapon was wasted. She turned her head, looking back upon his handsome face. They leaned closer until their lips met, and they kissed as the pace of their lovemaking slowed. The black continued slowly fuckingthe married white beauty queen.
He broke the kiss. "This is my pussy now! You will never forget this fuck! Who owns this pussy?" he asked. Ava was crashing through orgasm after orgasm, Mass's words barely registering to her.
"Tell me slut! Who owns this pussy?" Mass had stopped fucking Ava, holding her legs up high, so she only had just the tip of his pleasure giving tool. Then quickly Mass dropped her legs back down, allowing her tight pussy to slide back down with relative ease. Mass kept the slow, methodical tease going, until he held her, waiting for her answer.
"You do Mass, YOU DO," she replied in agony. Ava's mouth hung open as she worked through yet another orgasm. She nibbled and sucked at her black lover's large lower lip, sucking it into her mouth as she came all over his massive cock. She had lost count of all the orgasms he'd given her, but she was thankful for each and every one.
Just then a young white man around 20 wandered into the restroom area. He could hear the commotion coming in from the shower stalls. He quietly creeped over to see what was going on in the showers. The woman sounded so desperate and sexy! The curtain was pulled back a little allowing him to see the beautiful and sexy woman he had seen earlier from the beach fucking her yoga instructor for everything she was worth.
The horny young man did what any horny young man would do and instantly pulled his cock out. He had a nice sized cock for a white boy, but he was miniscule compared to the powerful black battering ram fucking the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
Mass broke the kiss and wrapped his arms around the tiny waist of the young housewife. Never noticing his audience, Mass easily turned her around and picked her up. His mighty arms lifted her off the ground, placing her on her back. Mass pushed her knees up into her chest, giving him full access to her now wide open pussy. He began bucking his hips hard and fast, his cock sliding rapidly in and out of her pussy, Ava was loving every last inch of his cock. Mass's heavy balls were slapping her ass, they were pulling up in anticipation for yet another release.
The horny young man loved the new and better view of the beautiful couple, he continued fisting his penis, watching the lovers go at it. He knew he could never fuck a woman like this, he almost felt sorry for denying his cute little girlfriend this sort of pleasure.
Deciding that he needed more cover, the voyeur ducked into the adjacent stall. Standing on the provided shower bench he had a bird's eye view of the horny lovers fucking.
He couldn't help but imagine that big black cock fucking his own innocent girlfriend. It was only a matter of moments later did he spray his seed all over the shower stall wall. The young man continued watching, lightly pinching at his now flaccid penis.
"You on the pill," Mass moaned.
"Aaah aah aah! No! My husband... uses... condoms!" Ava gasped each time his cock bottomed out in her pussy.
The young man couldn't believe it! She was a married woman, she was cuckolding her husband, and she was about to be impregnated by the most powerful man he had ever seen! He had read many stories online about this.
It had always been one of his favorite fantasies. It all seemed so real now. Images of his girlfriend fucking that powerful cock combined with the beautiful curves of the beauty queen below got his hormones raging, he achieved a slight hard-on, and he began fisting himself once again!
"Aaah! Little late to ask now! I need it! I want it in me!" Ava was possessed at this point, she was not thinking clearly. Her instinct to be bred by the alpha male was taking over. A little black baby would ruin her personal life, and certainly her married life. None of that mattered at this point as she succumbed to the powerful man between her legs.
"Good, because I don't plan to, this is MY pussy now," he growled, picking up speed.
Mass was fucking her so hard now, she was constantly on high. Nothing she had experienced would prepare her for the orgasm that was coming next. She was going to cum again and it was going to be a big one. Ava's toes curled as the pressure grew. Visions of her belly growing fat with child flooded Ava's brain as her climax built up. Mass suddenly buried his cock, the first powerful jet of his fertile sperm striking the back of her womb.
"NO!" she screamed, suddenly realizing the repercussions of continued mating with a black man.
"Please! You must pull out!" Ava's words did not match her body's actions, she had hooked her legs around the huge black man, keeping him in place inside of her.
The huge cock spurted a second time just as her damn broke. Her pussy contracted all over the massive creaming cock. Ava's reproductive instincts were pulling the virile seed deeper inside of her. Mass felt it necessary to placate his new lover, attempting to pull out before the third giant spurt. Ava's tight cunt grasped him so tight that he felt his balls contract yet again. Mass was cumming so hard, his big balls just made so much cum, Ava's hungry cunt was the perfect receptacle for it. Each mind-bending pulse of orgasm contracted the young wife's cervix, seemingly in perfect time with Mass's spurts. His urethra was in perfect position against the small battered opening to Ava's eager, fertile womb.
Mass was finally able to break free of her spasming cunt by his fifth or sixth pump. The orgasming black man grasped his fat cock, yanking it out by hand. Pumping his still firing weapon, Mass's next shot struck her chin and neck. The remaining ribbons of thick cum practically covered her belly filling her perfect little belly button. Mass took his now somewhat deflated cock and started pushing his leaking cum back inside of Ava's hungry hole. The stimulation on the tip of his cock felt really good, as he began to harden for a third time. Mass plugged his fat cock inside of Ava's tightening hole. He left just the first few inches in as he tried to catch his breath. He was fairly satisfied that his cum would not leak out for the time being.
The sight of Ava's hungry hole oozing all that cum pushed the voyeur over the edge, and with a groan he spurted the most pathetic little load, it barely cleared his first knuckle. He didn't even realize he had made a noise until he looked again to see the huge black man staring at him! Scared of the repercussions, he quickly yanked up his basketball shorts and ran out of the enclosure.
He hustled outside and didn't' stop until he nearly knocked down his girlfriend!
"Max! What has gotten into you?" Young Lydia was perplexed. She had heard a commotion, and she was coming to check on her boyfriend.
"Nothing! Just trying to find you!" Max loved the way Lydia looked in her tiny little bikini. Her tight 18 year old ass looked perfect! He couldn't help but imagine that big black bodybuilder fucking her senseless from behind.
"Ok, you're so goofy, let's go play on the beach!" The couple ran off, images of black cocks fucking her ran through Max's head. A new fetish had definitely been planted in his young and impressionable mind.
Ava missed having the full length of his cock inside of her the moment he withdrew. She ran her hands down her sticky cum covered body. His massive cum deposit was dripping off of her chin down towards her huge tits. She looked down and smiled contentedly at the fat black shaft, grabbing the thick shaft she tried pulling more of it back inside of her. Plugging her fucked hole perfectly, she knew it was simply stemming the inevitable flow of cum from her fully satisfied pussy.
Ava's pussy gave a little jerk thinking about how she watched that big cock explode all over her body. She was mindlessly rubbing the cum into her skin as she thought of his urethral opening and spitting huge gobs of that sweet nectar all over her body. She loved the feeling of rubbing his sticky cum into her smooth pussy and big tits.
"I have never been fucked like that before, you're a real stud," cooed the cum-covered housewife. She was now gently rubbing her clit as Mass kept her pussy plugged. She just could not get enough. Ava wasn't rubbing herself to get off, she was just soothing herself. "I've needed to be fucked like that for a long time."
Ava reluctantly dislodged Mass's huge cock from her body, she felt a slight trickle of his liquified cum start to run down over her freshly fingered asshole. Mass was first to get up, as he watched the young wife finger out some of his cum and inspect it. He held his hand out for her. She took it and he pulled her to her feet.
"God, I can't believe I told you cum inside of me, this is a HUGE mistake!" The reality of what Ava did was suddenly crashing upon her. Panic began to show on her features. Instinctively, Mass brought her into his powerful arms, hugging her close. His cock was once again fully aroused, it poked through between her legs, the tip just barely touching the wall of the shower.
"That was so good, no, actually it was GREAT," the black man spoke closely into the now sobbing housewife's ear.
"You are the hottest fuck I have ever had. I just cannot get enough of this body!" It was true, Mass had fucked hundreds of women, but none of them came even close to Ava's beauty and desire for sex.
"It was great for me too! But this can NEVER happen again! My husband is going to kill me!"
Ava gave Mass a kiss and one last squeeze of his cock before she finally ran from the shower stall in tears. She left the shocked black man holding his still very stiff and enormous cock. Mass decided against running after her, instead he took his time showering off and recalling the lurid events that had just happened. Mass wanted more of Ava's sweet cunt, and he had no doubt he would get her again.
Ava hastily dressed, throwing on her tiny shorts and tank top. She didn't even bother with her swimsuit top. Ava ran back to her room, her big tits bouncing as she ran, her very and very sore nipples rubbed the fabric. The overly endowed woman had to hold her arm across her chest as she hustled. Now safely back in her room, Ava was thankful that Troy was not home from golf yet. The distraught young wife stripped down and jumped into bed completely naked and just cried. She was so confused. Her body had no doubts, but her mind was conflicted.