Maureen needed new tech equipment, so she asked her son, who was home during a break from college. She inquired about a new webcam and audio equipment, explaining that more of her interactions with clients were done at home -- a simple ruse to avoid raising suspicions.
Later that night, after Jack installed the latest stuff, it was time for Maureen'sotherjob, aside from being a lawyer. Jack's bedroom was down the hall and she assumed she was safe.
She opened her closet and sifted through her suits and blazers to find the right negligee for the night. It was black and mostly see through. It covered her breast area and she'd be wearing panties underneath.
After undressing, she slipped on the negligee. Next came the most important part. A black mask which covered much of her face. It was big enough to conceal her identity. Yet small enough to showcase her pretty smile and beautiful eyes.
She put a few touches of makeup and gave her hair a quick toss. Then she gave herself a once-over on a full length mirror. The final pieces of the puzzle were the things in her drawer. She placed her small selection of sex toys on the desk; different sized dildos and vibrators.
Maureen sat in front of her computer and went to a popular adult webcam site, then logged into her performer's account. She was listed under the Mature category. It was 9 pm, the time in which her fans had expected her, along with countless passersby.
She typed a few quick 'hellos' to her regulars and informed her viewers that she couldn't talk tonight, only type. Tips flowed in. So did the requests. She started small since the tips were small. A little dance. A few close ups of her tongue, which people loved, and she blew a few kisses right into the cam, which sent more tips her way.
As the tips came, it was time to get more risque. She pulled down the side of her negligee to reveal her breast and hard pink nipple. With more tips, she did the same with her other breast and her top was down.
The rest of the show was a standard affair. Lots of breast fondling. Lots of sucking on a dildo. She even flashed her pussy a few times, with promises to fuck it later that night if they reached enough tips.
Men in the comments begged to hear her voice. How they loved hearing a professional woman talk nasty. It was a trademark of her show, being a mature lawyer who is skilled at public speaking, using it for dirty means. With enough tips and encouragement, the audience convinced Maureen to test the new audio equipment.
Her pussy buzzed with a vibrator and she spoke in whispers, her voice occasionally going up depending on the sensations of her pussy. She did her best to be careful for the next ten minutes of the show.
She only knew her bedroom door opened because she saw it move through the corner of her eye.
"Mom, did you say someth...."
Jack's words stopped when he peaked inside the bedroom and saw his mother there. Black face mask. Tits exposed. A vibrator in her pussy. Her computer screen on a webcam porn site.
Maureen's jaw dropped and her eyes widened. She froze completely.
"Sorry..." Jack gasped, closing the door and leaving.
Maureen nearly burst into tears, right in front of her audience. But she fought the tears and logged off, something she'd never do without saying 'goodnight' to her audience first.
She tried to summon her courage and put herself back together -- emotionally speaking. She put the vibrator on the table and pulled her negligee up to cover her breasts. She pulled her mask away. Then she put on a robe to cover herself.
It was time for a much needed conversation.
***
Jack's bedroom door was slightly open and the lights were on. She pushed it open and entered, while he was playing a computer game. Naturally, he turned awkward when she entered.
"Can you come downstairs, please?" she asked. "We need to talk."
Once downstairs, she was in the kitchen making hot chocolate, while he waited in the dining room. When it was ready, she brought the drinks and they sat down facing each other.
"This isn't necessary," he said. "Seriously. I don't care about that."
"Shouldn't you care? I'm your mother."
The look on Jack's face said it all. Of course he cared! He just didn't want to sit there having an agonizing talk over what he witnessed earlier.
He shook his head. "It's not a big deal. Forget it."
"You're a young man. And you spend plenty of time on your computer. I'm assuming you know what I was doing?"
Jack nodded.
"It's for a website," she explained.
"I'm familiar with webcam stuff, mom. Everyone is these days. God, I could have visited that site, whichever it was."
"I know. I know. But I won't apologize for what I do."
"Do you need the money or something?" he asked, puzzled by all this. "I could get a part-time job if you want me to."
"This has nothing to do with money," she insisted. "I have plenty of clients."
"Oh, so it's just... that's your thing..."
"Something like that. Look, it's been lonely since the divorce. Absolutely lonely. My love life is non-existent because of my job."
"I understand. But that? Online?"
For the first time since this conversation began, Maureen took control and refused to be a victim. She refused to be questioned in a judgmental tone. She sat upright and held her chin high. It was time for the courtroom lawyer to appear.
"I won't apologize," she said with force. "I don't need to. If you want answers, I'll give them to you. But I refuse to feel like I'm somehow a slut or whore."
"Okay, okay. I never thought you were any of those things."
"I'm only telling you this because I don't want you thinking any less of me. I never thought you'd find out. So I want to make myself clear so there aren't lingering thoughts in your mind. Understood?"
"Yes, mom."
"Do you remember my friend, Alexandra?" she asked.
Of course her son remembered, she thought. Alexandra was her former colleague at a previous firm, and Jack used to ogle over her whenever she came around the house.
"I do," he said.
"For a time, we became more than just friends and colleagues. We were both single, both divorced, both around the same age. And we were both lonely. One night, there was a dinner party where everyone at the law firm gathered at a fancy Italian restaurant. We had lots of wine. Towards the end of the night, Alexandra started telling me everything.
She continued, "As people were leaving, and others were getting tipsy at different tables, Alexandra started whispering in my ear about her webcam gig. I was shocked, but curious. After that day, I tried forgetting it, and I think she was embarrassed about telling me. I think she regretted it, but I asked her about it. Some time later, she invited me to her house. She showed me everything.
She continued, "Eventually, she asked if I'd join her. I'm surprised that I never realized she was a lesbian. It took a while to convince me to join, but I did. Lots of wine was needed, but I was her plaything on cam. That was my first experience and I was hooked on the voyeuristic experience. Again, I was lonely.
Jack nodded, mesmerized by the erotic story, meanwhile Maureen reminisced on getting her pussy eaten by a fellow lawyer. Then eventually eating Alexandra's pussy in return. It was a sexual relationship that lasted close to a year, on and off, which left a lasting impression on her.
"You didn't have to explain yourself," he said. "Sorry if I was being judgmental, I'm not. It was just... shocking... obviously."
"Imagine how I felt," she smiled.
"Can I ask you something?"
"Sure."
He hesitated for a moment. "Are you going to keep doing this?"
Maureen looked him straight in the eyes. Did she really owe him an answer to that question? This shouldn't even be his business. But something inside of her craved being honest with her son.
"I don't know if I'll continue," she said with candor.
He gave a half smile. "Mom, whenever you give that expression, and you're undecided, it means you're still going to do it."
"I'm almost afraid you're right."
***
Maureen needed to get out of the house, so she spent the next day in the office, speaking with clients on the phone, working on memos, and researching cases. When she had free time, she visited the webcam site.
Being a webcam model had been an amazing, fulfilling, and lust filled ride. Certainly an experience she'd always cherish. But after that moment of carelessness and being caught by her son, could she really continue with this sexual adventure?
As she sat there in her office looking at her profile page, the answer was clear. This online persona had become part of her sexual identity. It was also a huge stress reliever from her busy days and courtroom battles.
She browsed at the different categories, at the different models, and she remained in awe of how many users there were. It still boggled her mind knowing how many people had seen her naked and masturbating on cam.
Also on her mind was the fact that her son viewed cam sites too. He seemed way too familiar with it, which shouldn't have come as a surprise. Had Jack ever been to this particular cam site? Worse, had Jack ever swung by her chatroom by coincidence? Has he ever seen her perform?
These thoughts swirled through her mind as she daydreamed. Her eyes focused on the different categories and performers. More thoughts swirled through her mind when she saw something eye-catching being advertised.
A smile crept on her face. Her pussy clenched. She now had a plan.
***
By the time it was dinner, Maureen had already planned out her entire speech, much like she'd present a case to a judge or jury. She had already thought of her main arguments, rebuttals, and the all important approach.
"I have a proposal," she said. "Make your decision once I've explained everything to you. And I want you to keep an open mind on the matter."
"Sure."
"Tonight isCouples Nighton the website," she explained. "It's a chance for users to see their favorite performers with another partner. Meaning, users get to see, shall we say, a few extra things with a male performer.
She cleared her throat, then continued, "Tonight is also known asIncest Monday. It's for fake incest. That's when couples would roleplay on cam for users to see. Basically the cam models would pretend they're family members; like mother/son if there's an age gap, or brother/sister if they're both young adults, or..."
"Mom, I get the idea," he said awkwardly.
"The point I'm making is that couples who do incest roleplay gets tons of viewers on their page. Tons. More views, more attention, more tips, more everything."
"Why are you telling me this?"
Maureen took a deep breath. "Let's do a couples chat together."
As she expected, Jack was blown away by the suggestion. Stunned beyond belief. Frankly, she was stunned too, that she even had the courage to ask such a thing.
"Tell me you're joking," he managed to say.
"I'm absolutely serious. Be honest, have you ever fantasized about me before?"
Jack was caught off guard and seemed endlessly frustrated. His reaction was an instant giveaway. Maureen got the answer already.
"I -- wait a minute. What does that have to do with anything?"
"I know it's a common fantasy," she said. "People in the chatroom ask me all the time if I have a son. When I say yes, that I have a college boy, I get flooded with lewd questions. So be honest. Just answer me."
He shrugged. "Sure I have. I mean, you're gorgeous."
"Masturbation doesn't just happen."
"Oh god," he sighed in embarrassment. "This is horrible."
"There are three reasons why I want you to join me," she said. "First, young men like yourself visit a variety of different porn sites these days. It's only a matter of time before you accidentally stumble across my room and see me perform. Rather than sneak around, I want us to be open and honest about everything."
Jack listened attentively.
She continued, "Second, doing this in my bedroom is a huge escape from my stressful life. It takes me to another world. I love my audience. I love the spotlight. It gives me a thrill that I can't get anywhere else. So having a partner and doing a couples chat would allow me to reach a wider audience. I can't trust my webcam secret with anyone else. And since you already know, I want you to be my partner, because I know you'd never tell anyone."
At this point, Jack hung on every word, trying to understand this unusual situation.
"Thirdly," she said. "And most importantly, you bear a striking resemblance to your father. You have all his best qualities, without any of the negatives. As crazy as this sounds, doing this with you would bring back so many warm, loving memories. So, what do you think about this?"
It was all laid out there. Maureen stated all the points she wanted to make. Now was the waiting part. Jack paused for a few seconds.
"Do I have to show my face?" he cautiously asked.
She smiled. "No way. I'll wear my sexy mask. You keep your face off camera."
"Will the viewers know that we're actually a mother/son duo?"
"I'll tell them. But the thing is, lots of online couples say they are, and it's obviously a roleplay. I'm sure many of my viewers will believe me. I'll convince them. And it'll drive them wild."
"What will I have to do?"
Maureen's smile morphed into a sly grin. "Oh, nothing really. Just stand there while I suck your cock, then you can fuck me."
She was amused by Jack's priceless reaction.
***
9 pm was fast approaching. Maureen was dressed in sexy lingerie, naked underneath, and she slipped on her skimpy black facemask. She had already fixed her hair and wore extra mascara and red lipstick to make herself presentable for cam.
While logging in to the porn site, the realness of the situation grew when Jack came to her bedroom wearing nothing but his boxers, as she had instructed. He looked uncharacteristically timid, but the faint bulge poking through told another story.
"You look handsome," she teased.
"I doubt anyone would care about me. You're the star of the show."
"You're right; they just want to see me sucking that delicious cock of yours. Now have a seat on the bed. The show's about to start."
She went to her control panel and requested access to, "Incest Night,' and viewers entered her chatroom.
"And we're live," she said.
Her followers received notification that she was there, excited that they'd finally see her sucking on a real cock, instead of a sex toy. She was pleased to announce that this was the real thing.
Maureen used the microphone and spoke. "There's nothing fake here. Here's my son that many of you have been asking about. I obviously can't prove this, but you'll have to take my word for it. He's my son. And this show is real."
The tips came pouring in, along with a slew of comments:
-- Real incest?! Oh shit!
-- what a dream come true!
-- Lucky guy.
-- this is going to be the best night ever!
-- have you two been fucking for long?
Maureen responded to the last question. "Actually, no. We've never done anything before. This will be the first time that I've ever touched him in a sexual way."
The online reaction was immense. She watched the wonderful comments. Most of all, the number of views she had in her chatroom were at a peak she'd never had before. This was going to be a hit.
She set a financial goal, making it clear that the more they tipped, the more they'd see. If they'd tip high enough, they'd get to witness some incestuous oral action. More tips, they'd get to see some fucking.
With enough tips at this point, she owed it to her audience to show them something. And she did.
"Nudity has been reached," she informed her audience. "Believe it or not, my son has never seen me fully nude. Thanks to all of you, it's going to be a reality for him."
She blew a kiss to the webcam as the audience went wild, then she turned and winked at Jack, who sat there stunned like a puppy dog with his tongue out.
Despite being a rigid lawyer for her day job, Maureen did have a few moves. None of these moves came naturally to her, as she wasn't much of a dancer, or a show person. These moves came from a long learning experience and gradually allowing her inhibitions to slip away during her time as a cam model.
She stood and talked dirty, while slowly dancing. Most of the motions looked bad, with a few bright spots. The appeal was seeing a prim and proper mother, a working professional, act out her sexual fantasy by exposing her body anonymously.
One side of her negligee dropped. Then the other, slipping down to her ankles, which she kicked away. She stood naked in front of the webcam and her son. She couldn't bear to make eye contact with Jack. Not yet, anyway. Way too awkward.
But the thrill was undeniable. She was aroused beyond belief. In fact, she couldn't remember the last time she was this aroused, if ever. The taboo was off the charts and she could swear that fluids were dripping from between her legs.
She sat down again, naked this time. Her bare butt on the seat. Her round breasts hanging free with her pink nipples rock hard.
"We're almost at our next goal," she said to the audience. "My son is too embarrassed to talk. I don't blame him. But deep down, he's eager. Like many of you, my son has sexual fantasies about his own mother. Yes, he's masturbated thinking of me before. All those nights stroking himself, longing for me. And you know what? I've masturbated thinking about him, too. I fantasized about him after he left for college. Wishing he were home. Wishing I could take him in my mouth."
All that dirty talk had worked. The goal was reached! Then surpassed. Views in her room reached major levels.
"We did it," she winked at her son. "Now we have to perform. Stand in front of me. Let your mother take care of the rest. Let's give the audience a night to remember, shall we?"
Her heart raced like crazy as Jack stood and positioned himself in front of her, while she remained sitting in front of the webcam.
When the moment of truth came, Maureen yanked his boxers down to reveal a hard cock which jerked upwards and nearly hit her in the face.
"How you've grown," she noted as the chatroom reached fever pitch.
A powerful thrill shot up her spine when she reached to cup his balls and hold his shaft. Sure, it felt like any other cock she had ever touched in her adult life, but this was no ordinary cock. It was her son's. She could feel her heart pounding as she rubbed him and stared at his penis. Even more intense, she could feel him throbbing, aching, in her hands.
The chat room went wild with demands for her to suck it, with more tips to back up their wishes.
She stared straight into the cam. "Here it goes."
Maureen brought her red lipstick covered mouth to Jack's penis and took him inside. She closed her lips around the shaft and sucked. He squirmed hard. She shifted her gaze between the webcam and the computer screen. Not only could she feel her son throb in her mouth, but she also watched herself sucking cock on the screen. What a bizarre sight. She also read the comments as they came rolling in. People went crazy.
The tip of the penis pushed against the side of her cheek every time she took it deep. And with the new recording equipment, the microphone was able to catch every naughty little sound. That was such a dirty part of this. People got to listen in high quality, the sound of Maureen slurping on her son's hard cock.
The best noises came when she'd swirl her tongue around the tip of his penis, spreading her saliva around, then wrapping her lips around the cock and sucking all her saliva in. A surefire way to drive men crazy.
For the first time since she started sucking, she looked up at her son, who was looking down at her. Their eyes met with her lips around his penis.
"Enjoying your first webcam experience?" she asked, spitting the cock out so she could stroke it while talking to him.
The question was legitimate, and it was also to make the stream more arousing, if that was even necessary.
"Fuck yes. God, mom, you're the best," he groaned.
"That's a good boy. You love your mother's mouth, don't you? All this time. All this waiting. For this. I bet you want to fuck my pussy next, don't you?"
As expected, the dirty talk and comments sent more tips pouring in, along with a flurry of new comments. Deep down, she felt embarrassed for talking to her son this way, but it was all so pleasurable. She knew Jack loved it, which made her pussy drenched beyond belief.
She kept on sucking and bobbing her head, while her eyes remained on the computer screen, looking at the number of people in the room. If Jack shot his load, the show would be over, and she was fine with that. This was never about the money. It was always about the experience.
When the next goal was reached, she was expected to fuck.
Her maternal side kicked in, and she switched off the microphone and stood, bringing her lips to Jack's ear.
"Are you sure you want to do this?" she asked with a sense of concern. "I understand if this is too personal. Maybe we've taken things too far."
He shook his head. "Mom, don't forget that I'm a business major. In business, it's important to honor your agreements at the agreed upon price. It's necessary to maintain our credibility in the marketplace."
"Smart boy," she quipped, wondering why she even had to ask.
Maureen switched the microphone back on and went back to webcam model mode. She looked directly at the audience.
"This is the first time my son is going to enter my pussy," she announced. "It's going to be a memorable night. Thank you all so much for the tips and lovely comments. I think you're going to love it, I know my son will."
The demand was overwhelming:
-- Creampie! Creampie! Creampie!
-- let him cum in your pussy! it's only proper
-- Agreed, first time cumming should be in mom's pussy.
"What do you think?" she whispered, covering the microphone.
He smiled, "Supply and demand, mom. This is what the market wants. So we have to give it to them."
Maureen couldn't help but smile back at him. That horny little bastard. Of course he wanted to cum inside her! If she had learned anything from reading all those erotic stories late night, and all the messages on this website, it would be that incestuous mother/son couplings should involve pussy filling at some point. It's only right.
Now the next dilemma appeared. What position would they be in? It was an overlooked detail and she wished she had planned this better.
While she hesitated, Jack took charge of the situation. With his cock showing his arousal, and his youthful hormones raging, he simply couldn't wait any longer.
"I'll sit down," he said. "Then you ride my cock. Make sure my face is covered, I'll be sitting right behind you."
"You're turning out to be quite the webcam performer."
"Whatever gets the job done."
There were all sorts of quips and comments in the chatroom, people loving the incestuous banter.
Jack sat on the chair, careful to keep his face blocked by his mother's body. His saliva covered cock was pointed up and Maureen lowered herself, with her masked face pointed directly at the cam so people could see her.
"Are you guys ready?" she teased to the cam, lowering herself while reaching down to hold that cock upright. "He's about to enter my pussy. The pussy where he was born. Are you guys and gals touching yourselves to this?"
The response was overwhelming. Of course they were ready.
And without further ado, she lowered her body, letting her son's cock slide into her wet vagina. God, it felt tantalizing. It's been a while since she last had sex. Sure, she had masturbated regularly and used her array of sex toys, but nothing beats a cock. And the fact that this cock belonged to Jack, sliding into her pussy, while a large number of strangers watched? The thrill was undeniably hot. It was the most delicious sensation she had ever felt.
When the cock slid all the way in, and she sat on her son's lap, she knew she was hooked. She knew this would continue. How could it not? It felt unbearably exciting. In a strange way, it made her feel complete, like she was young and vibrant again.
"Oh god," she moaned for effect. "He's inside me now. His throbbing hard cock. Do you enjoy watching? Do you like watching his manhood stretch my pussy like this? See how my labia wraps around him. Do you know how amazing that feels for me? I know my son loves it, too."
Maureen kept her voice low and seductive. It was almost comical how differently she talked in her everyday life. Normally, she was this super articulate, strong-willed woman. Now, she was an online sex goddess, wanting to please the masses with her bare body and her naked son.
She rode him slowly. Raising and lowering her body on that cock, while Jack sat there, letting his mother do all the work. She sometimes shifted her body from side to side, to make sure that she pleasured him from all angles.
More comments came:
-- faster!
-- Ride that cock and let him fill your pussy with his seed
-- fuck yeah! ride him
-- i wish my son would fuck me like the bad mother i am. longtime fantasy of mine
The last comment was from one of the few women who regularly visited Maureen's chatroom. In fact, Maureen had even seen this woman a few times on private chat, so she knew it was actually a woman. And they had talked about their past lesbian experiences, and the taboo desire for their own adult sons.
Maureen continued her occasional dirty talk while riding her son. To mix things up, she stood and held the webcam, then dropped to her knees so she could show a close up of herself sucking Jack's cock again. This time, Jack's cock was covered in her pussy fluids as she sucked it clean. After bobbing her head several times, she put the cam back on the computer, and continued riding his cock again, making sure not to reveal Jack's face.
"Can you see this?" she asked the audience, spreading her labia. "I'm squeezing my pussy around his cock. I can hear my son groaning. I can feel him trembling from my pussy. I know he's close to cumming inside me."
Maureen felt her pulse racing as she rode Jack's cock. Sweat formed on her face because of the heat and the way to complete the night was by bringing a satisfying conclusion to this. One that would make everyone involved very happy.
"Cum inside me," she said to Jack and the audience. "I want that cum inside my pussy. Give me what I need. Oh yes! Oh fuck! You've been waiting for this for a while, haven't you? Bad boy. Here's your chance. Flood my pussy with your hot cum, so everyone can see it. You're fulfilling their fantasy. Oh yes. They're living vicariously through you."
The dirty talk sent Jack over the edge. Instead of just sitting there while his mother rode him, he went on a rampage to satisfy his out-of-control male hormones. He squeezed his mother's hips and thrusted upwards, inadvertently hitting her much elusive g-spot. This was something Maureen had trouble doing on her own, but with Jack? Oh my, he ravaged that secret spot, sending his mother over the edge.
"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!!!" she cried. "My... my pussy... I can't... take it anymore!!!"
Maureen held onto the arms of the chair, holding her body still, while Jack continued thrusting his cock upwards in a violent manner. Her eyes were wide as saucers and her jaw was dropped, staring straight into the camera.
More comments came:
-- Fuck!!! This is insane!!!
-- BEST--MOM--EVER
-- I'll get a second job to pay for this every week
She managed to hold position while Jack fucked her powerfully, and a geyser of fluids rushed out of her pussy, making a mess everywhere. It was something out of a porn video, where her orgasm kept on going and going. Her pussy was leaking like a faucet, until finally the fluids slowed, and Maureen was able to breathe again.
"Oh shit, mom," Jack gasped.
Maureen had an obligation to her son, and more importantly, to her paying audience, to allow Jack to flood her pussy.
She held still while Jack kept on pumping, then he flooded her pussy with cum. Maureen watched with delight, her eyes locked onto the computer screen, watching Jack's delicious white cum overflow her pussy. She could barely feel a thing because of how worn out she was. But the sight was something to behold. A vision of incestuous beauty.
With both of them overwhelmed from their orgasms, Maureen was able to sit back on her son's lap and savor the intense feeling, making sure to cover her son's face with her head. She stared at the screen and watched the massive amount of money and viewers she had amassed since this started.
"And for the finale," Maureen said to the audience. "I present you all with my son's delightful creampie. Do you want to watch me eat it?"
Of course!
She spread her legs wide and pulled her son's flaccid penis out. She picked up the webcam, pointing it close to her overflowed pussy and she bent down and spread herself, giving an unbelievably intimate look at her sex. The crowd went wild, of course. She used her fingers to spread herself further, then put her fingers inside so the cum would come out.
"Shall I have a taste?" Maureen teased. "I bet it's delicious."
She plunged her fingers deep while the webcam showed the close-up. Then she put the webcam back to its rightful place. She brought her mouth to the webcam and stuck her tongue out.
To end the show, Maureen sucked on her cum drenched fingers, tasting her own fluids, and most importantly Jack's hot cum. She licked her fingers clean. She reached for the rest of the cum and licked that, too. She stuck her tongue out, inches away from the cam, showing the audience her cum covered tongue.
Then she swallowed. Gone in a single gulp.
"Delicious," she smiled. "Just like I thought."
*
When she finally logged out, both of them breathed a sigh of relief. Maureen was eager to pull off the black mask and inquire about her son's feelings, wondering if she'd made the best decision of her life, or the worst.
"Welcome to my world," she said. "Now you understand me. Now there aren't any secrets between us. Everything is open between us. What did you think? Tell me."
And so he told her everything. How awkward it was. How arousing. How embarrassing. How intense. He loved it!
"Overall, I'd definitely do it again," he said, then quickly adding, "Only if you want me to, of course. I mean, I'm not pushing to do it again."
She smiled, "You're the new star of the show. There's a world of possibility for us. We could become the highest grossing webcam duo this world has ever seen. But in the meantime, I need a shower, and you have to help clean me. After all, you're the one who made the mess."
Maureen never bothered getting dressed. What for? She walked naked to the bathroom and gestured for Jack to follow. It was the perfect time for a long and steamy shower.
The End
Your votes & follows are appreciated.