From Hayton Beach, the most spectacular getaway on earth--in colour, it's The Matchmaking Game!
The audience applauds as the curtain parts. Throughout the studio, a jaunty trumpet tune is heard.
And here's the star of our show, and your host, Kirk Calahan!
A tall, middle-aged man steps out confidently onto the set to a roar of applause. He's classically handsome, wearing a well-fitted light-grey suit, polished black leather shoes, and a royal blue tie. His short, brown hair is neatly coiffed with a striking part, and his bright, toothy smile accentuates his impeccable jawline.
"Thank you, Charlie," he begins, casually. "And welcome everyone! Tonight we're--" he looks down with a humble smile. "Oh, you're too kind. Too kind. Thank you."
"Tonight," he continues with a measured, deliberate cadence when the crowd finally quiets, "we have a lovely program for you. Right here on this stage, a delightful young lady will choose for a date one lucky guy based solely on his answers to her tough questions. Now, I know they're excited to get started, so let's meet our bachelors, shall we?"
The rightmost portion of the studio set rotates to reveal three men sitting in tall chairs side by side. They face the audience, but a wall separates them from the rest of the set. Backlit, they sit quietly, obscured by shadow.
"A hopeless romantic with a love for flamenco music, Bachelor Number One is most comfortable wooing women on the dance floor. Please welcome Ramon Castillo!"
A spotlight shines onto the first chair. Ramon sits comfortably in a white, long-sleeved V-neck with pleated black slacks. On his neck hangs a fine gold chain, and his shaggy black hair hangs over his forehead in loose, wet-looking curls. As the audience applauds, he winks at the camera with a slanted smile.
"As a hardworking man in construction, Bachelor Number Two likes to let off steam by riding his motorcycle down the winding oceanfront roads of our beloved Hayton Beach. His name is John Harding!"
A second spotlight comes on to reveal John sitting crookedly in faded blue jeans and a striped casual shirt with one elbow on the armrest of his narrow chair. He nods to the audience before glancing around the studio as his rounded jaw works a piece of gum.
"And finally, this young man is full of surprises. Studying creative writing in university, Bachelor Number Three assures us that he still finds time for the more exciting pass times of chess, archery, and ping-pong. Say hello to Felix Brown!"
The audience claps for a lithe young man sitting up straight with a shy smile. He wears glasses with round lenses, a tan button-up shirt, purple corduroys, and clunky sneakers. His short, neat afro caps his long, thin face.
"And there are our three bachelors--good luck to you all!" Kirk exclaims. "Now let's bring out this evening's bachelorette."
As a small blonde woman emerges from somewhere behind the set, Kirk continues to speak.
"A delightful, down-to-earth gal, she loves pop music, dancing, and drive-in movies. Perfectly happy enjoying a milkshake and fries, our bachelorette takes pride in her ability to enjoy life's simple pleasures. Please welcome Rosey Finehorn!"
Kirk steps over to Rosey where she stands beside a red upholstered tulip chair and shakes her hand politely as the audience applauds.
"Hello, Rosey, so lovely to meet you. Are you ready to play, my dear?"
"Yes, Mr. Calahan," she says, with a giddy smile that draws chuckles from the audience.
"That's grand," he says, clasping his hands together and turning to face the camera. "Before we get started, let's have our bachelors say hello to Rosey. Bachelor Number One?"
Ramon leans forward, bringing his face close to the small microphone that shoots up from the right arm of his chair, and speaks softly.
"Mm... Hi, mami."
"Number Two?"
John stops chewing briefly and repositions the gum in his mouth.
"Hey, babe," he says, nonchalantly.
"Okay, and Number Three?"
"Hello, Rosey," Felix says, formally, dipping his head in a slight bow unnecessarily.
"Great, great." Kirk turns to Rosey. "You've got your questions? Alright, have a seat, get comfortable, and let's get to it. Good luck," he says, kindly, stepping out of frame.
Rosey sits with knees together, her white, pleated sundress with red polka dots hugging her body. Her bright blond hair is done up with a red bow.
"Okay, Bachelor Number One," she begins, leaning forward and looking down at a small piece of paper in her hands. "Where do you take me on our first date and how do we get there?"
"Ah, well first I would pick you up in my convertible. I think you'll like the red colour," Ramon says, smoothly.
"Oh, wow," Rosey says, with polite interest. "And where would we go?"
"Yes, I would take you dancing, Rosita. At the best club in town. I can get in anywhere. I know you love to dance."
"Hm, okay," she says, nodding along to the idea. "And Bachelor Number Two?"
"Yeah, I'd pick you up in my Harley and we'd ride until the sun went down, then catch a movie." John sniffs and smacks his gum.
"That sounds fun," Rosey says, looking up at the ceiling as she imagines it.
"Bachelor Number Three, if we were out dancing and another man asked to have a dance with me, what would you say?"
"Oh, um... Well, Rosey, I would say 'excuse me sir, but seeing as this lovely lady agreed to go on a date with me, I think it would be a betrayal of her wishes to offer you the opportunity to dance with her in my place.'" Felix nods. "Yes, that's what I would say." He nods again, sharply, attempting to add a sense of self-assuredness to his answer.
"Ah, you just want me all to yourself, hm?" Rosey teases, with a smirk.
Felix melts and chuckles nervously. The crowd laughs.
"Bachelor Number Two, I love strawberry milkshakes. What's your favourite thing to drink?"
"Heh, well, uh..." John hesitates with pursed lips. "I like me a couple milkshakes too, baby," he says, flashing his eyebrows to get a rise out of the audience.
"Hm, what flavour?"
"I'll buy whatever you're sellin', girl."
The audience erupts.
"That's nice," Rosey says with a smile, blushing. "Bachelor Number One, how will I finally know that you've fallen for me?"
"Oh, Rosita. When we lock eyes on the dance floor, with our hips swaying and moving together, our bodies lost to passion...that is when you'll know." Ramon says, seductively, his tone dipping low into a gravelly rumble.
"Oh my," Rosey says, fanning herself with her paper performatively.
"Bachelor Number Three, same question."
"Rosey, you would know that I've fallen for you when I write for you the most beautiful love poem you've ever read," Felix says, tilting his head affectionately as he speaks into his microphone.
"Ooh, could you tell me a few lines right now, Number Three?"
Felix freezes and stares into the middle distance, wracking his brain.
"No," he admits.
The audience roars.
"Okay, Bachelor Number Two?" Rosey starts again after a giggle. "How will I know you've fallen for me?"
"Well, babe, when you see the twinkle in my eye as you look up at me after giving one helluva blowjob at the drive-in, that's how you'll know."
"Gee, Number Two's got big plans already!" cracks Kirk, with classic charm.
"Well, I do like a man who isn't afraid to make his wants clear," Rosey declares.
"Ah! Careful, boys," Kirk warns, raising a finger. "Looks like we might have a frontrunner already," he continues with a playful flash of his white teeth.
Felix and Ramon share a glance as John sits back with crossed arms, continuing to chew his gum with an open mouth and a satisfied look on his face. In the same moment, Rosey blushes as she side-eyes Kirk.
"Okay. Bachelor Number Three? If somewhere down the line we planned to get married, but I wanted to keep my last name, what would you do?"
"Oh, that's easy, Rosey. I'd say: go for it," Felix says, sincerely and with a smile.
John elbows him encouragingly.
"Oh! And, um, I would ask if I could take your name, in fact. I think the Finehorn name describes me...quite well." He snorts.
John gives Felix a wink. The crowd hoots.
"Oh! So clever, Number Three," Rosey commends. "Now, Bachelor Number One, if I asked you how I looked on our first date, what would you say?"
"Mm, you look gorgeous tonight. That dress, that hair, those eyes...I hear music! You light a fire inside me."
Still full of confidence, John makes a hand gesture to Ramon, signaling that he should add more, but Ramon dismisses him with a wave as he furrows his brow.
"Hm, okay," Rosey responds, a little indifference in her voice. "Number Two?"
"Shit, you look so hot tonight. I wanna pop those tits outta that dress and squeeze 'em all night!"
Rosey giggles, running her finger along the neckline of her polka dot dress.
"I like your boobs, too!" Felix blurts out, peaking his microphone.
"Wow! Okay, Number Three. When my father answers the door as you arrive to pick me up on our first date, and he asks you about your intentions, what do you say?"
"Well, I know what I wouldn't say," Felix begins, brimming with excitement and uncharacteristic boldness. "I certainly wouldn't tell him that I intend to have s-sex with you." He licks his lips nervously. "Nor that I'll do it from behind as you hold yourself up on hands and knees." He scritches his temple and glances at John for approval. "And I certainly wouldn't say that I..." Felix clenches and unclenches his fists repeatedly while gently rocking back and forth. "That I would spray my seed all over your ass cheeks!"
"Atta boy," John says under his breath with a side-eyed glance at Felix.
The audience applauds. Ramon shifts uncomfortably in his seat.
"Oh, don't worry, Number Three. My father's got a soft spot for me. And of course, he only wants the best for me."
"As all good fathers do," Kirk adds with a wise nod.
"And Bachelor Number One, what would you say?"
Ramon grinds his teeth, staring at the studio floor. When he looks over at his fellow bachelors, John shrugs. Felix leans forward with a big, innocent smile and two enthusiastic thumbs up.
"I, um...I'd tell him you've got sexy legs, Rosita," he says, rubbing his forehead.
"Go on, Number One."
"And that, um...that I'm going to hold them up by your head as I lick your pussy." He shakes his head with embarrassment.
"Yeah," John says softly, nodding along as he watches him.
The audience holds back their reaction, waiting for more.
"I wouldn't even wait to undress you," Ramon continues, finding something of a groove. "I'd just push that dress up above your waist and dive in."
John quietly unzips his jeans and pulls out his hardening cock. Ramon doesn't notice him openly stroking it.
"I'll eat your juicy pussy until you scream, mami."
"That's what you'd tell my father?"
"Yeah, sure," Ramon says, like he's got nothing to lose.
"Hm, I think he'd like you, Number One" Rosey says with a smile. "My father respects an honest man."
A trumpet sting is heard throughout the studio.
"Okay, folks," says Kirk. "That sound means we are nearing the end of our game. Rosey, you have time for one more question that each bachelor will answer in their own way. And bachelors, that means this is your final chance to impress our bachelorette and win the date. Rosey, please carefully choose your question and ask it now."
Rosey scans the list of questions on the small piece of paper in her hands. She's already asked what she thought were her biggest questions, so she opts for something simple, hoping to glean some unusual but critical information from her suitors.
"Okay bachelors, starting with Number One, what is your bedtime routine?"
"My bedtime routine?" repeats Ramon, confused.
"Yes, that's right," she says.
"Bachelor Number One," Kirk chimes in, "this is your last chance to woo Rosey. Make it count, son."
"Well," he begins, "after a long night of dancing--with a beautiful woman such as yourself--until our bodies are loose and glistening with sweat, I would take you to my home. There we would shower together, entangled under the hot running water, and enveloped by steam, scrubbing and lathering. The heat of the night's passion only increases when we step out and fall naked into my bed."
"Oh, okay," Rosey says, interested.
"Then what?" John speaks softly into his microphone, still stroking his cock with a light twisting motion.
"Um, then I would--" Ramon looks over at John, realizing it was his fellow bachelor that encouraged him to continue. When he notices John's firm erection in his hand, Ramon's face goes blank.
"Come on. Then what?" John whispers before spitting on the head of his cock without breaking eye contact.
"Then I..." Ramon turns back to his microphone. "Then I position myself over you and kiss your lips, your jaw. I run my tongue from your collarbone to your ear and nibble at your cute little lobe.
The audience collectively releases a long "aww."
"And all this helps you sleep, correct?" confirms Rosey.
"Oh, yes, of course. We need to finally release all that sexual tension because otherwise we could never rest. So, with that in mind, I press my body against yours, responding to the desperate arch of your back, and our warm, fragrant skins collide once again."
John throws his head back and jerks his cock. It glistens wetly and twinkles under the spotlight as his foreskin repeatedly reveals and conceals his wide glans.
"I know you've been waiting for this all night," Ramon continues, "and I can smell the arousal in the air. I push myself into you with ease--you've been wet for some time already--and we moan together with pleasure. With each thrust our hunger for each other grows, and the intensity increases. We grip each other tightly, ferociously, trying to become one as we grind our bodies together. When we finally reach the peak of our mutual ecstasy, writhing with pleasure, we know we've achieved the completion of our bedtime routine and can soon drift off into sleep with complete satisfaction."
"Well done," Kirk approves, with a nod.
The audience applauds Ramon's efforts.
With eyes closed, Felix's chest heaves with barely controlled breathing. He awkwardly holds his hand halfway down his inner thigh, but showing from underneath it are dark, expanding splotches on his purple corduroys.
"Thank you, Number One. That was a good answer. I feel relaxed and ready to drift off to sleep. Bachelor Number Two?"
John pulls his head back up and leans toward his microphone. Small beads of sweat have gathered on his forehead under the hot studio lights. As he begins to answer, his strokes continue unabated.
"Well, babe, after I brush my teeth, I usually sit down in bed with a quality adult magazine and have at 'er. But tonight, I have a feeling things'll be a lil different." He winks at the audience and blows a small bubble with his gum before quickly popping it. "Tonight, we just got back from our hot date, and those wicked tits of yours have been torturin' me for hours. Heck, I could barely concentrate on the movie!"
"Oh, very flattering, Number Two."
"When I get you back to my place, you don't even have time to take off your shoes before I hoist you up and carry you into the bedroom. Sittin' you down on the end of the bed, I relieve you from the straps of that sexy lil number, pull the top down, and let those juicy melons free."
"Yeah," John grunts to himself with eyes closed, lost in his story.
"I kneel to your level and pounce at 'em, kissin' all over and suckin' those perky nipples." He purses his lips, miming the act for a moment. "I'm squeezin' and lickin', and you're moanin' and grippin' my head. Then, when I've had my fill, I stand up and undo my jeans to pull out my cock. It's nice and hard for you, hun. Betchyou ain't ever seen one quite so beautiful." He opens his eyes for a moment to admire himself.
"Hm, confidence is good, Number Two," says Rosey, with a nod. "Is there more to your routine?"
"Oh, you bet. I lay my handsome cock on your chest and squeeze those juicy jugs around it. Now I'm titfucking you while you grab my ass and dig your fingernails into each cheek. You look up at me with a big bright smile as I start to cum, shooting hot white ropes up the length of that sexy neck of yours."
The audience cheers for John.
"These boys sure are making this hard for you, aren't they, Rosey?" Kirk says.
"My goodness, yes, Mr. Calahan."
With the conclusion of his story, John finally orgasms. His cum dresses the crotch of his faded blue jeans, the front edge of the tall studio chair in which he sits, and his striped casual shirt as he jerks himself feverishly. All the while, his head is thrown back as he groans with satisfaction off mic.
Ramon watches in disbelief, looking back to the audience a few times, monitoring their reactions.
"Thank you, Number Two, that was a very creative answer. I can see how that would be a good way to get ready for bed. Number Three?"
The studio is silent. Felix doesn't respond.
"Number Three, your bedtime routine?" Rosey repeats.
"Um..." Felix utters breathily, at a distance from his microphone.
As the camera pans to bring Felix into frame, he's sitting on the edge of his seat and leaning back. He stares down in front of him with his glasses slid down his nose, mouth agape, and he pants softly. An indistinguishable, dark shape bobs up from out of frame.
As it pulls back, the camera reveals the back side of a neatly dressed woman in a black quilted shift dress with white accents. It's sleeveless and collared, with a button-up bodice and a wide belt at the waist. She wears a white headband in her straight, dark-brown hair, short white gloves, and white platform heels. She leans her head over Felix's crotch, having left her seat and climbed onto the set.
"Number Three, this is your final chance to win over this stunning bachelorette. Don't you have an answer to her question?" Kirk asks, genuinely.
Rosey perks up and leans an ear toward the wall that divides her from the bachelors. She watches Kirk's face.
"No," he says, struggling to steady his speech. "I...I forfeit."
Rosey gasps, more curious than offended.
"Are you certain, Number Three? You'd give up your chance at a date with the beautiful Rosey and leave her to choose between your remaining fellow bachelors?"
Without looking or breaking form, the woman from the audience waves her hand dismissively in Kirk's general direction as she continues sucking Felix's long cock. As she bobs up and down with a firm grip at the base of his erection, her smooth hair brushes over the front of his open corduroys.
"Yes," Felix says, as his legs begin to tremble, and his brow furrows deeply.
The woman in the black dress is now stroking him swiftly with two gloved hands, her mouth and lips enveloping his slick glans.
"Yes!" he shouts this time, kicking his chunky sneakered feet out and holding them aloft with stiff, shaking legs as he cums heartily into the woman's mouth.
"What an odd young man," Kirk says to the audience as he hooks his finger and tugs on his collar. "Still, I think I like him," he adds, with a chuckle. "All the best to you, Number Three."
Ramon leans onto his armrest with his head in his hand.
Once Felix's cock stops twitching, the woman stands a little taller and leans close to his microphone with a mouthful of cum. Pridefully, she swallows with a gulp that echoes gently through the studio before using one gloved finger to wipe the corner of her mouth. As he watches her with lazy eyes, Felix sighs with deep satisfaction, fully spent, and completely enamored.
"That one's got gumption, eh?" Kirk quips. The audience chuckles.
"Okay, Rosey," he says, formally, as a drum roll is initiated. "It's time for you now to make your decision. Which of our two remaining bachelors will be the one lucky enough to take you out for an evening neither of you will soon forget?"
Rosey bites her lip as she scans the audience, the cameramen, squints at the stage lights.
The snare drum loudly cracks one final time, leaving a silence saturated with anticipation. The audience waits with bated breath, but Rosey doesn't speak.
Instead, she stands, dropping her list of questions onto the floor. She steps over to Kirk and stands beside him, looking up at his handsome, smiling face. As he looks over his shoulder at her, his smile fades, and he raises an eyebrow.
Meanwhile, John is snoring softly, his head hanging down in front of him, his clothes damp with cum, and his softened cock still hanging out of his jeans. Felix and his new friend have wandered off the set, hand in hand.
Frustrated by the long silence, Ramon hops down from his chair and peeks around the dividing wall of the studio set just in time to see Rosey clap Kirk's ass. Her fingers crease his light-grey slacks as she settles into a deep squeeze, and a mischievous smirk grows on Kirk's clean-shaven face.
Having had enough, Ramon abandons the set and walks into the aisle of the audience seating, figuring he'll try his luck among them instead.
"Well, I guess that's it for today," the host says, beaming at the camera as the jaunty trumpet theme bursts into the air.
Rosey's hand wanders between Kirk's legs from behind and fondles his balls as he continues to speak.
"This is Kirk Calahan saying thank you for watching, have a wonderful night, and we hope that you can all find that special someone!" he concludes, charismatically and over a roar of applause. "Adios!"
Thank you for reading this ridiculous story. I had so much fun trying to build this little world of a classic dating game show only to turn it inside out. I hope you had as much fun reading it as I did writing it.
Please leave a comment and tell me what you think. All the best!