If you haven't read the previous chapters, you don't need to do it now, there is no sequence in these memories, they will go back and forth and can be read independently from each other.
Although we broke up back in 2015, I still cherish some good memories from Jessica, my ex, 1,80m high (almost my height) and not thin, not chubby, just the right amount of flesh to grab and fondle, her mother used to call it "baby fat" natural brunette with a little longer than shoulder length hair and a good handful of tits (no idea the size)! Those memories are good specially because I had a thing about exhibit her and because she, somehow and although very self conscious of her body, always allowed me to do that.
This story is based on true facts but I may have gone from real history to wishful thinking, let you decide what is true and what is my imagination...
____
Somewhere in the early summer of 2011, Jessica wanted to go the local mall check some bikinis for the coming summer. We were in my place and were pretty much quite excited after having some nice sex - handjob, followed by blowjob, then I went down on her, and finally fucked her good, finishing by a nice shower together where she would blow me again and asked me to come on her mouth, very rare on her, which I happily obliged.
When we returned to our room, we didn't dress up immediately, just stood there in the bed chatting a little from our excitement, while she casually caressed my dick and I played with her boobies and those rock hard nipples, when I said: "Just love your nipples standing like this, you should walk them around for all to see them!"
"Your crazy, always trying to find a way to show me around!", she said while holding harder my dick.
"Why not? If you got them, you flaunt them, that's what they say!", was my reply, "you could cope with more cleavage while being braless, for example!"
Looking to me and stopping the motion on my dick, she says: "Really? You really want me to show more? Why?"
Though I have told her before, I repeated again: "I got excited seeing other guys, and girls!, ogling your tits, baby!"
"And you don't mind at all?", she asked, resuming soft strokes on my dick.
"Sure not! In the end of the day, I am the one next to you on this bed, taking a glimpse doesn't hurt!", I told her and after a few seconds break, I added: "Tell you what! Why don't we go now to the mall check for your bikini to use next weekend if you go to the beach? You could try go braless with some daring clothes!" and smiling a lot, I pushed my luck: "Or even commando style!"
Her first reaction wasn't the best: "The hell? Why should I go without any underwear out?"
"Just for the kicks! Or maybe you want to prove to yourself that you can do it and go ahead with it...", I told her, smirking and pinching her nipples and then sucking and gently biting it.
She moaned with pleasure that moment, even more when I lowered my hand from the nipple to her slit, and used a finger to press her clit, first, and then to check how wet she was, when she says: "Only if you do the same!"
I guess she thought I was going to back down. But I didn't: "Game on, baby! Let's go now!" and with that I get up from bed and start checking my clothes to dress up, not even opening the boxers drawer.
She just stays in the bed, mouth open, for a few seconds, before slowly starts moving to get dressed too. She chooses a baggy t-shirt with a large circle cut neck and some jeans, but also wears a thin jacket on top. Without the jacket you could see the nipples standing in the shirt, although it wasn't thin enough to make it see through. I just put a t-shirt and my cargo type short pants, lots of freedom for me down there!
So we had a quick drive to the mall and once out of the car, we start walking to the mall and from what I could see, nobody noticed her. My next step was trying Jess to take the jacket out. But she never did it, except inside the shop when she went to try some bikinis.
I was outside the curtain while she was striping to try the bikinis. I opened a bit the curtain to take a peek, I just loved that naked body. Once she tried, I gave her a opinion and told her to try another one, stepping back a little but not fully closing it. Two stalls away was another couple doing the same, I was hoping the guy standing outside just like me, could look to my ex through the gap, but he was too focused on her own girl.
This keep happening for 2 more bikinis when the guy finally leaves their stall to go to the shop and when passing I open more the curtain to see Jess stroking a pose with a bikini and I tell her: "Why don't you take your top off? After all I will keep taking it out for you on the beach... I want to see how it looks going topless..."
And from the corner of my eye I see I got his attention, as he slows down his pace and checks Jess in bikini too. She is all flushed, not expecting that kind of request from me like that and after he is gone she says very low: "What the hell? Go topless here?"
"Just go with the flow, baby...", I said, "Let the guy hard thinking about that... I can see him from here, and he is getting something from the racks... and now returning... come on, now it's the time... just go..."
Jess was kind of shocked, kind of excited, she didn't knew what to do.
Again, I had to take the lead, just like at beach where I was always the one untying the bikini, in the shop I had to be the instigator too... "Turn around and let me untie it, baby, quick!" and, to my surprise, she did turn around and step back to be closer to me, pushing her hair to the front, giving me full access to her back.
After that second to recover from my shock, I started fiddling with her bikini top, completely untying it when the guy was passing again: "There you go, let's the how it looks topless!", I said loud enough to get his attention.
Jess stroke a few poses with her back to me, while I checked her through the mirror and started to position myself to try to allow him to have a glimpse of Jessica: "Turn around baby, let me see how it fits front side"
Jess breaths deep, letting her hair go back to normal position, she slowly turns around to face me. That moment she sings a "Ta-daaa" and I just step a little to my left, giving enough space on my right side for the guy to check Jess if he wants!
"So, it's this the one to buy? Happy with the looks?" she asks, while parading topless to me and, hopefully, to the other guy.
"Not sure, baby, why don't you try the blue too?", I pledge to her.
She smiles, takes her hands to the side of the bikini bottoms and starts rolling it down. From the mirror I can see the guy is trying to check here, although he is talking to her girlfriend. Jessica is now naked and he is deliberately trying to peek here, but not sure if he can see through the tiny gap. Jess starts wearing the other bikini bottom, always facing me. And the guy. She is flushed and her nipples are rock hard and standing out a lot. My dick is fully hard, a tent is clearly visible through my cargo shorts. On the mirror I see that the guy stops talking with his girlfriend and turns sideways on the corridor, facing our stall - now I am sure he is looking to us, he is broadly smiling.
"Baby, he is really checking us now...", I warn Jessica.
She just steps forward closer to me and says with a big smirk: "Now you are with problems showing me off?"
"Me?", and I step a little more aside, giving more space so Jess is more visible, "I am so excited now that I could make love to you here and now, in front of him! I just hope he gets a good view of those luscious boobies and go home masturbate thinking on you while we make love!", I replied to her.
Jess touchs my dick through the cargo shorts, saying "you are crazy, you know?"
"Yeah, but you are getting crazy too..." while I just tweak her nipples, being slapped by her. That moment we see the curtain of the other stall open and the girl comes out, followed suit by the guy. When she passes she sees Jess in topless through the gap and her eyes goes wide open... She keeps walking but said nothing. A second behind the guy slows down when approaching and takes a good peek to Jess and that moment I just totally open the curtains allowing him to fully see Jess, that in a first moment raises her hands covering her tits. I enter the booth the moment he passes and then I started closing the curtains, as he is gone from view.
Jess immediately hug me and we kiss, a long luscious tongue on tongue french kiss. My hand roaming all over her back, butt and then tits. She also goes to my dick, first from the cargo shorts, then pushing her hands inside and caressing it directly, leaving it even more hard if it's possible.
When we broke the kiss I just told her: "I can't go outside for a while with this" motioning to my hard on.
"Do you need me to take care of it now?", Jess asks while unfastens the button and zipper of my cargo shorts and they fall to my feet. Jess starts using her hands on a nice handjob, licking her lips as a little of pre-cum forms on the head of my dick. She then pushes her tongue out and starts tickling the head, licking the pre-cum and pushing my skin back, kisses and then swallow the head of my dick, first, then all the way of the length of my dick disappears inside her mouth while her puppy eyes look up to me.
Next she starts bubbling up and down, swirling her tongue, some time almost totally out to kiss and swirl the tongue only on the head, sometimes bubbling up and down. I feel the moment is closer and I hold her head when I am deep on her, then let go until halfway and finally I shoot my thick sperm on her mouth. She first closes her eyes and but soon adjusts herself, while I do my best not to make noises and hold on my legs that seems that are going to fail.
Jess does make it to swallow all my load, I believe it was the first she did without even have a drop out. When she removes my dick from her mouth, she shows me some of my white sperm in the mouth, and then swallowing it, shows me the empty mouth.
As I always did after she blows me, though usually I didn't came on her mouth (I can only two times doing it, this one and another one during a shower) but I always kissed her, so I did too this time, tasting my musky flavour still there.
We dressed up, I bought her both bikinis - well, she totally deserve them - and went home to make love, while I was expecting the other guy will also do the same with her girlfriend but thinking in Jess. I guess he might still masturbate today thinking on her back on that 2011 early summer day...