Getting used to roommates that came home at all hours of the night kept Margo Needy on edge. While not so much due to noisy arrivals, but more along the line of were they going to their own bedrooms or crawling into her bed beside her?
With her bedroom and bathroom doors removed by Brian Hancock, that gave them all easy access to cum and go as they pleased, an open invitation to ravage her body. It had only been barely over a week since the four amigos moved in, and thus far Margo had not slept a single night alone even once. Each night ranging from one to two of the boys devouring her. Definitely no complaints. Her lust rivaled theirs, possibly exceeding their youthful energies. Margo Needy could easily be a hellcat. If they weren't all so sexually talented she might have gone against the no boundaries rule. Her commitment to them offered much, she being openminded allowed her to explore her own deep rooted desires.
Before, with her son Elliot living at home she might have never let any of these fantasies happen. Torn by the challenge of being a Mom and being a slut in her private moments kept her mostly under control. The two personas were always there waiting to pounce. Reflecting back to the bonfire when she belly danced for well over 20 young studs, she had to contain herself. Elliot fortunately had drank too much passing out. That alone allowed her thoughts to stray. She wanted fucked, but until Elliot was gone off to Paris she remained inactive. Teasing sure, sex not until the boys moved in. With Eric wanting her to belly dance at a second fire there was no stopping her. Margo Needy was ready to cut loose. The Cougar was high on life.
In the gloom of darkness Margo lay atop her sheets anticipating whomever had just gotten home to infiltrate her bed, and her body. Eying her digital clock she realized that it had been over twenty minutes without so much as a shadow at her door frame, or a very vocal, "Spread those legs, MILF."
It weighed heavily on her as to why she hadn't heard those favored words. Were the boys tired of her already? With a deafening sigh Margo pelts her pillow with a disappointed fist. Steamed by her expectations of going without she hisses, "Hell no!"
Tempted to crawl from her bed and prowl the house stalking her own prey, a bed to invade of her own seductions, a moment expires. Finally, just as she exhales at the top of her lungs, she hears footsteps creaking in the hall. Listening with bated breath she stared at her darkened doorway, too dark to even see a silhouette. It didn't matter who it was, she adored all four boys. Her pussy ached at whichever young stud climbed in and made love to her. Eager, she rolls on to her back and teases her nipples with pinching fingers. Legs caressing each other sensually, inviting bypass. Sensing a precense at her door she flares her eyes, "It's about time."
The shuffle of clothing being removed excites her, a zipper lowered moistening her thighs. A hint of cologne storming her senses, she attempts to decipher the identity of her visitor. Her thoughts her own she shivers, "Brian? Definitely Brian. Yesss! His dick is by far the biggest. Hurry Brian...come to Mommy." A faint giggle she adds, "Cum in Mommy."
Footfalls seem hesitant as the approach took its time. What had brought this on? Normally, any of them would leap in on top of her and manhandle her into whatever position they wanted her in. Maybe Brian was testing her, too see how badly she wanted him. Biting her lower lip carefully, she sits up on the edge of her mattress.
"Did I...do something wrong?"
No reply, she stands up and reaches out to locate her lover. Mighty hands claim her wrists instinctively and holds her firm, preventing bodily contact, her heartbeat racing at his brusque response. As he encourages her with a pressure to kneel, she concludes what Brian was in need of. Following his lead she drops to her knees, her hands returned to her. Caressing and fondling his beast to a better life, she discovers his balls fuller than ever. Smiling in the darkness she craved the succulent juices within. Stroking the monster girth with both hands softly, she opts to seduce with a desirable tone.
"Do you like that? My hands working on making you nice and hard? So you can fuck this Mommy's pussy? I've missed you inside of me, filling me so full that you stretch me out." She feels his body tense up as her palm greets his crown with a newfound sensitivity, using it as if unscrewing a bottle. His huffing made her whimper. She loved torturing men.
A hand in her hair offers a hint that she was appreciated. However, the longer she played with his beast the more her mind realized that this cock was not quite as large as Brian's. Was she mistaken? It was close, but she knew Brian's thickness. Feeling how tight he was now there was no mistaking the fact that this was not Brian Hancock. Sighing she suddenly did not care.
"Do you want me to suck this magnificent cock?" A caress to her cheek told her yes. Brian would also not be so tender. Definitely, not Brian. Did it matter? Without further ado, Margo Needy opened her mouth and swirled her taunting tongue around his crown. Instantly, she heard her first stimulated reaction in the form of a gasp. That alone made her excited. Lifting his cock alongside her face she leans forward to kiss and suck on those meaty reservoirs bulging on her chin, balls quivering along her lips. "They're so full tonight. Are you here to offer me a midnight snack? Mmmm! You taste delicious."
A series of lengthy swathes, molding her tongue around his scrotum, she moves up over his cocks foreskin. His limbs trembled each time she repeated her trail. The more he shook, the more she did the same routine. It made her crave his actions. His reactions. His softly expelled, "Fuck."
"You like that, I can tell."
Two more minutes of continuous tongue lashes Margo shocks him. Swallowing him as whole as humanly possible, his dick fed her throat with notable gags of pleasure. Again, his only nurtured word was, "Fuck." That last version did sound like Brian. "Huh!" She kept to herself. At this point it didn't matter. Brian? Cabot? Heath? Eric? All equally desired. She refused to slow up her maddening throat thrusts.
As a growl intervened, his hands grip her by the hair, pulling her mouth from his cock. Lifted to her feet by both hands along her skull, she finds herself yanked into a smoldering kiss. One hand squeezing her breast, the other pulling her into him from her lower spine. She enjoyed the kiss immensely.
Palming his face she discovers stubble. Someone needed a shave. She out rules Cabot and Heath. Both had either shaved earlier for her to take notice, or had a full on goatee. Eric too had facial hair that was longer than this. Brian was the only one it could be. Strange indeed.
In a fit of testosterone Margo finds herself escorted backwards until her legs touched her mattress. Burly hands on her hips Margo's feet left the floor, launched like a ragdoll atop her blankets. She squealed at the strength he possessed.
"GOD YES! Be forceful." She begged.
Crawling over her, he grips her legs by the inside thigh, prying them to accommodate his intrusion. A mighty cock torments her labia, until locating a trickling hole. Plunging deep and hard Margo lets out a wail.
"GIVE IT TO ME."
Intentions good he fucked the holy hell out of MILF Margo. Fierce snarls led to dragging her legs up over his shoulders for a downward punishment, breathe over breathe fanning the inferno of lust between them. Her screams woke the entire house. Hearing voices in the darkness she realizes Eric and Brian in the distance. Who was this then? Cabot was never this rough. Heath hardly ever able to keep quiet. Her thoughts explode with excitement. "OH MY GOD!! WHO AM I FUCKING?"
Destroying her emotions beneath bestial torment she truly didn't care who this was. All she knew was this man was offering her an intense orgasm. It was going to happen, only seconds away, no stopping it.
"FUCK MEEE! Don't stop. DON'T STOP! Oh my fucking God...yesssssssssssssssss."
Hearing her instruction approaching insanity, her body tensing, then quaking, tensing harder, her lover hit it more dedicated than ever. Nails digging into his back he let out a bellowing acceptance.
"I'm gonna cum inside you."
"Do it. DO IT!" She yelped clinging to him. Together they shared a geyser mating with a volcano. He shot four rapid fire rounds deep into her, each shot making her back arch, with a concurred affirmation.
"HELL YES!" He roared, fucking her another five minutes, her chaotic convulsions along for the ride. Margo couldn't even form a coherent thought at that point, all she could do was squirt her thanks time and time again.
Just as the rendezvous drew to a collapse of willpower, the lights came on blinding both lovers. Eyes covered by her arm she continues her spasm. It took a bit to regain her senses. Afraid, suddenly to look at her lover she shields her gaze a moment longer.
Dick still thriving inside her with tender anonymity she enjoyed the moment. His face burrowing into her neck kept his identity hidden. As she establishes vision her eyes scan over the muscular body on top of her. Such a nice physique of muscle and manly curves. His butt tight and wanting touched. Further exploration leads her gaze to the doorway. To her shock stood all four of her roommates.
"Who just...?" She pouts slightly before reaching up to lift her lovers head. As eyes lock the man winks.
"Hey Gorgeous."
"JEFFREY!" Eyes bulge, voice unable to process the shock.
"NO BOUNDARIES!" Brian chuckled.
As Brian's brother Jeff felt badly for his deception, he pulls his cock out of her in a messy web of jizz. "We shouldn't have pulled a stunt like this Bro." Jeff growls at his younger brother.
Margo shook like a leaf in the eye of a tornado. Awestruck she gradually sat up in a pool of her own making. Sheepish eye contact with all of them, Margo absorbs what had just happened. Catching her breath she watches Jeff Hancock pick his clothes up from the floor. Wincing at them makes Heath, Eric, and Cabot head for the hills.
"GET BACK HERE!" She yells at the top of her lungs.
All of the boys return to her room nervously. Their No Boundaries rule must have struck a nerve. Not that anyone but Brian and Jeff had concocted this ruse.
"Whoa!" Jeff drops his clothing and returns to the edge of the bed. His erection unwavering in its strength. She puckers looking it over then explores Brian's face for any hint of regret. None. Brian Hancock was too darned smug. Zero emotion in her face Margo rolls over on to her stomach. Rising to her knees in doggy style she reaches behind her and pries her butt cheeks wide. Her anal cavity winked at the boys.
"Never start something you can't finish." She refrains from looking back any further.
"Daaaamn! The MILF is tough." Jeff chuckles at Brian.
"If you don't fuck that ass I will." Brian moves closer patting his brother on the shoulder.
"Brian? Go to your room." Margo grinned to herself.
"Don't wanna." He challenges her.
"Tonight is for Jeffrey. Please leave us alone."
"Dude! Listen to her. She only wants me."
"Untrue." She sighs, "Tonight yes. Tomorrow? All of you as you want me. Fuck me Jeffrey. I am yours."
With a defensive nod Jeff forced his brother to step away. At the light switch Brian Hancock left his fantasies behind. Darkness resumed Brian faded into the shadows. His brother grinning at the chance to shine knowing that Margo indeed wanted him. The deception no longer weighing heavily. Approaching Margo he led his palms into a respectful caress to both of her cheeks.
"I'm not apologizing Mrs. Needy. I've wanted you since that day in Bri's truck."
"Thank you for not apologizing. I too have thought of you after that day. Fantasizing that you threw me against the truck after I peed and fucked me in front of the boys."
"Them and the dozens of cars passing by. I actually had the same fantasy. Maybe we should retrace that day and actually do it."
"Another truck ride does sound fun. Ask Brian to make it happen."
"Need lube in that ass before I tag it?"
"Rub my pussy, smear my juices all around it and your cock. I can take it."
"Love your enthusiasm Wonder Woman."
"I love your dick of steel Superman." She giggles.
"Kind of funny we both resemble Cavill and Gadot. Maybe we should dress up on Halloween and fuck on the Batmobile." He laughs penetrating her after a wet lubrication.
"Do we need to wait for Halloween? It is only June."
"Guess not. Damn your ass is tight."
"Jeffrey?"
"Yeah?"
"Thank you for intruding and taking me. I love it when I'm blind to my lover."
"First of many times I hope."
"You are always welcome in my home."
"And, these holes?"
"Of course. You do not have to be gentle."
"Music to my ears Mrs. Needy." He hits her ass harder. In his faster approach Margo moaned her appreciation. He had to laugh when she whispered, "Don't tell Lois." Roleplay seemed fitting. "Don't tell that Trevor dude."
"Our secret. Thank Hera." She sighed. She and Elliot had watched Wonder Woman five times since it had come out. She knew her characters well.
"I dig your humor Mrs. Needy."
"Jeffrey?"
"Kal-El."
"Kal-El? If I had you tied up in my magic lasso what truth would you tell me?"
"That you're fucking amazing. That I wanna fuck you forever."
"Is that all?"
"I'd love to live out here too once my lease is up end of July."
"I'm out of bedrooms to rent." She whimpered at his constant penetrations.
"I told Bri I'd rent a closet if it meant living here with you in HIMyscira. Loving Paradise Thighland." He chuckled.
"Mmmm! We might need more Amazons."
"You into women?"
"I am not opposed."
"Ever let another woman live out here?"
"I prefer being the center of every man's attention. I would consider it as employees if I do start my Bed & Breakfast idea."
"Gonna bed down your reservations?"
"If I like what I see, absolutely."
"Kind of makes it a Bed & Brothel doesn't it?"
"Somehow I doubt my clients will complain."
"Not if they're fucking this sweet ass hole."
"Exactly. I'll think about where you might reside. Can you afford the rent?"
"Oh yeah. I work."
"What is it you do?"
"Sanitation Department. I lay pipe. Good at it aren't I?"
"Yes. You're still going easy on me Jeffrey-El."
"Alright! You asked for it Princess. No using those bracelets to dodge my bullets when I shoot up inside this ass."
"YESSSS! Much better Plunger Man. Harder..." She pleads clawing at her sheets.
A ball of sweat even under a fan Jeff Hancock strains to hold in his artillery shells. He needed her screaming. Reaching over her back he grips her hair tugging her upward. Right handed he slaps her ass cheeks in a loud procession of encouragement. Margo Needy yelped with each swat.
"Time to let the house hear you Wonder MILF."
"FUUUUUUCCCCK MEEEEE JEFFREYYYY." She rallies her voice into an echoing demand.
"Keep that up. Make them think I'm tearing you up."
"Then TEAR ME UP...don't make this an act."
"Damn!" Jeff grew more forceful at her challenge. This Midnight Man was on a mission. Pounding that ass so hard he feared hurting her but Margo proved him wrong. Hair yanked tighter she lifts her upper body from the bed and suspends herself, arms outstretched as if flying. If he could see her he might laugh, but darkness had it's own set of rules. Moaning at the top of her lungs she cums below his activity zone. Only his balls felt the flood each time he targeted ground zero. "LOUDER BITCH!"
"I WANT TO BE YOUR KRYPTONITE!"
"If I roped you...tell me the truth..."
"I love you Jeffrey. I love all of you. I need your cocks every second. FUCK MEEEEEEEE!" Hearing her honesty, he nuts hard in a guttural snarl. She felt his rapid fire deep in her ass and let out a shrill, "YESSSSSS FILL THAT HOLE."
"That's my Gal Gadot." He huffed.
Margo was released and collapsed on to her chest. Breathing heavily and shaking like a rattled cage she sighed, "Sleep with me Kal-El."
Nodding Jeffrey nudged her to roll into her bed and he crawled in next to her. Immediately she spoons with him, gently rubbing his chest then down to his dick. Her hand resting on it Margo drifted off to sleep. Jeffrey lay there grateful for his chance. Quiet moments led to a "PSSSST!"
Brian Hancock in the darkness whispered, "I set my alarm for 5:00. I'll wake you up for work."
"Thanks."
Jeffrey Hancock would wake up at 4:00 and fuck Margo again, take a shower with her and discuss occupancy. Elliot wasn't using his room for another 5 months. With the no boundaries pact she gave in on the condition Jeff would need to either share Brian's room or go elsewhere once Elliot returned. He was all for it. Come July...cum daily.
After her Midnight Snack had gone off to work?
Margo would crave Cheerios.
Honey nut!
====================
Next time : Cougar House 17 : Sauna Loa