Lexi's Eyes Wide Slut
I was pretty hammered when I agreed to fly out with Bill to San Francisco on his private jet to what I assumed was a fuck-fest. But I wasn't dumb enough to be reckless, OK, maybe just a little. Still, I was a bit worried about what I was getting myself into.
I remember thinking if it gets out of hand with the guys, Bill seemed like a decent person who would come to my aid. So it may have been misguided trust but I had it nonetheless and hoped he wouldn't let me down. However, I think guys want one thing from whores, to use them as a cum dump. The second thing they wanted to do with a whore is . . . well, nothing else. To me, that meant I could be abandoned after I am used up as nobody would give a shit about me. So I could be on the streets of San Fran with no way back, and that wasn't something I could risk. Could I trust Bill to get me home to LA? Maybe, but I needed a better reassurance.
I know I kept bringing it up and Bill was telling me he wouldn't do that and blah, blah, blah, but they were idle words. He finally came up with a solution.
He said he was flying me back to LA on a commercial airline anyway, so he said he'd give me $1,000 as insurance. If I was abandoned, I'd have the cash to get to the airport, buy a flight to LA, and Uber back to downtown LA. He said he wasn't paying me for sex, he was paying me so I could relax and enjoy myself without travel or money worries. In my hazy thought process at the time, it sounded like a good solution.
So Bill went into his office and came out with one of those packs of money where a bunch of bills are stacked and a band is around them. He opened the pack and peeled off 10 - $100 bills and gave them to me. There were a lot left.
I said something like 'Whoa, you always carry that much cash?'
He said, 'I keep enough in the apartment for emergencies.' and that was that.
I don't think I pressed him on it, I just put the money in my clutch and felt relieved I had a back-up plan.
With that, Bill said I needed to get dressed so we could get going. I had no sense of the time, it was getting dark, that's about all I knew. I slipped on my bra and blouse and pulled on my skirt and washed up a bit (maybe that was in reverse order, I don't know) and we were off. I told Bill I needed to stop at my place to get clothes and travel gear but he said no, we needed to head to Burbank (we were flying out of Burbank airport). I protested and said I had to have some things and he reassured me everything would be provided and I was too slammed to argue.
I tried to get a rise out of him in the car but he rebuffed and said to save it for the plane.
'Have you joined the mile high club yet?' he asked.
It took me a second but I figured it out and said 'Nope, but I'm looking forward to it.'
Next thing I knew we were at the airport and driven basically up to the plane. The driver opened the door and we got out and headed up the jet steps. There was a very attractive flight attendant (I guess) there to greet us. Bill introduced me and she gave me a big smile and welcomed me aboard. The pilot and co-pilot were in the cockpit doing whatever they do to get us ready to depart.
The jet was a nice size but not like a commercial jet, it had maybe 8 seats and another area with a table for working I suppose, then on the other side, a sofa. We sat in the front 2 seats next to each other.
The attendant came back with a glass of champagne. I really didn't need it but took it and drank a nice swig. Boy did it go down easy, almost as easy as me on a fat cock. I took more notice of the attendant, let's call her Barbie. She was long, lean, and blonde. I had a lot more tit going than her, but otherwise, she had me beat. I remember thinking it was a good thing Bill was a tit man.
I'm guessing Barbie was in her mid-twenties, so nice and firm and perky. She couldn't have been nicer to me and she was helpful advising what to do without making me look stupid. I would guess my state of mind, given my drinking, was a bit fuzzy but she showed no signs of being annoyed or concerned, she smiled and remained her cheerful self.
The next thing I knew we were taking off, my head was spinning a bit. It felt like we were climbing straight up, I was pushed back into the seat. It was pretty fun, like a roller coaster without the drops (thankfully). Once we were leveled out, Bill reached over and got a nice fistful of tit and we were on.
He asked, 'Ready to join the club?'
'You bet.' I could barely contain myself.
He unbuckled and got up, I did the same as he walked back to the sofa. He sat down and told me to take off my clothes. He unbuckled his pants and pulled out his cock as I stripped off my top, bra, skirt and panties. He pulled me close to get a mouthful of titties and feel my ass. He was charged up, which again I think had something to do with the blue pill. Within minutes he pushed me away and got up.
'Turn around and grab the table.' He commanded.
I did as I was told and reached back to stimulate my already moist pussy. He positioned his cock at my pussy lips and eased his way inside me. He started to slowly ride me and I glided back and forth to his rhythm. He started picking up the pace and I looked over and noticed Barbie watching us from the front area where she was fiddling with refreshments. She winked at me and I smiled back as Bill began pounding me harder.
With a few more hard thrusts Bill deposited his load into me as I was reaching my own climax. He pushed hard into me for his final movement and then pulled out. I immediately turned and dropped to my kneed to take hm in. I loved being that slut that can't get enough cock in her mouth, and I wanted to show him my appreciation. He pulled me into him by the back of my head and gave me another thrust or two.
I pulled off, grabbed his shaft, kissed his cockhead and looked over to see Barbie watching with a huge smile.
I must have pulled on my top and skirt (no underwear) and sat back into my seat. I laid back to relax and that must have been it, I passed out or just fell asleep, whatever you wish to have occurred, but I was out the remainder of the flight.
I woke up and the jet door was open, Bill was gone, and in fact everyone was gone except Barbie. I opened my eyes and had no idea of where I was or what time it was. I was still buzzed but didn't feel drunk and felt OK, not sick, just a bit disoriented.
Barbie came over to me and said, 'You doing OK? Need anything?'
'Um, yea I'm OK, maybe some water. Where's Bill?'
'He had to depart but asked me to get you to the apartment tonight and assist you tomorrow. Let me know when you are ready to head out and we'll go.'
I had sticky cum between my legs and was pretty disheveled. I got up and went to the restroom and washed a bit and combed my hair. When I came out I pulled on my thong and took off my top. I started to put on my bra when Barbie said, 'You have magnificent tits.'
I looked at her. I wasn't sure if it was an observation or a come on, but I wasn't interested in my first female sexual encounter at that moment, so I said, 'Thank you. I wish I had your fit body and beautiful looks. You must turn a lot of heads.'
'Sure, some. But I'm happily married so it's all for show to the outside world.' and she gave me another 100 watt smile.
Now I wasn't sure what was up with her sexually. I just put on my bra and top and said I was ready to head out.
A car was waiting and we climbed in together. Barbie began to inform me about the next day. We would be heading out to go shopping whenever I arose and was ready. I was to purchase whatever items of my desire, clothes or other essentials I needed. She said I should take advantage of an open credit card to purchase some additional items I liked, Bill would be pleased to know I was pleased. Then we would get to the destination of the evening activities by around 5. I would be 'prepared' and the action would start around 6PM. It would last until I was told it was over. Then I would be brought back to the apartment for the overnight and that would be the last I see of Barbie. A car would pick me up at 9AM the next day to take me to SFO airport and I would be on a Noon flight, arriving LA in early afternoon, plenty of time to return to my place and be ready for my evening work shift. It was all planned out better than I could plan getting dressed. These people were machines.
I said OK and we sat in silence for a bit. I finally asked, 'So are you fucking Bill?'
'Occasionally. It comes with the job. Mostly he finds other female companionship and I am not required to satisfy his sexual needs. But once in a while, when he is busy and still needs to let off some steam, I'll give him a blowjob or fuck him. Never anything too deviant and never with multiple partners.'
'What's deviant?' I asked. Figured I should find out.
'Well, you know, anal for instance.'
'OK, good to know, So does your husband approve?'
'If he knew, I don't think he would. It is pretty infrequent but I enjoy the sex. It's not like it's distasteful.' she said as she laughed.
"I've swallowed his load too, I agree, it's not distasteful.'
Then she really laughed and said that wasn't what she meant, but we had a good girl humor moment.
'No, when it happens I just go back to my college days when I was much more promiscuous and become that girl for a little while. It actually is pretty arousing. I know Bill has no love interest in me, he is just using me, so it's not like my marriage is threatened. It works pretty well all around. I have some fun and we move on. I am really paid to organize Bill's schedule and clear the path so he can do whatever he needs to do, plus keep him satisfied as required. I do very well financially for my age, and I have contacts out the roof. Anytime I want to leave I have a dozen high paying jobs waiting for me. But I'm not going anywhere.'
We got on to the SF city roads and I assumed we were getting close to the apartment.
'Will Bill be at the apartment?' I asked.
'No, he has other plans. You won't see Bill.'
'You mean I won't see him tonight or I won't see him again?'
'For sure not tonight, I don't know about tomorrow.' she replied.
'What do you mean you don't know about tomorrow? Isn't he part of the activities?'
With that we pulled into an area and the driver got out and opened the door for us. We went up to a very nice apartment but not like the LA pad.
After entering Barbie turned to me and said, 'You've agreed to certain things and I really am not at liberty to share details. You're going to have to trust Bill, you'll do what you've been asked to do and that's it. How Bill participates and whether he sees you again is his choice. I don't control that. You do know who Bill is, right?'
'No, I guess I don't. I assume he is wealthy.'
'Barbie, chuckled and said 'Um, yea, that's accurate. Let's just leave it at that, if you find out in time, fine, otherwise, just enjoy his company when you have it.'
'OK' I replied and then added 'This is a nice place. Is this where all the whores stay?'
'Yes, it is. You'll find the place to have about everything you need for the night. I suggest you stay in the apartment, it's already after 11 so don't go out, you have a job tomorrow. If you want a drink or champagne, it's all in the bar, help yourself, but stay put.'
'OK, sure I'm not wanting to go out anyway. So about tomorrow . . . '
'Text me when you are ready, give me 45 minutes notice. We'll pick you up and head out. I can't wait to show you some of my favorite boutiques. But we have to be done by 3 so if you can be ready by 11 or 12, that will give us a good amount of time to shop.'
'OK, sounds good, and after shopping?'
'Well I already told you that schedule, should I go over it again?'
'No, I know the timeline, I still want to know what happens.'
'Look I told you before I can't say much of anything. Some I am told to keep secret and some I don't know, but that's the situation.'
'Have you done it, whatever it is?' I asked.
'No. No offense but I'm not into multiple partners. I can see how it could be enjoyable, but it's not for me, so I really don't know what the full deal is.'
'But you've watched.' I came back with.
'OK, I like you Lexi but you are pressing me into talking about things I shouldn't. You get to go home and live your life, I stay here and have to do my job. If I mess up by talking, I have big issues, while you have no issues. Get what I'm saying? I'll share what I know that I haven't been explicitly told to not share. It's not much but it's all I have. No questions, no follow up, it's all I have. If after I tell you are too uncomfortable and can't go through with it, then when I leave, you call an Uber and get the hell out of here. When I text you in the AM tell me you're gone and it will be over, but realize you better, never try to reach Bill again. He won't be happy and he has power. You good with that?'
I didn't have to think, that was more than I expected anyway, 'Yea, sounds good to me.'
'So Bill belongs to some kind of sex club. I don't know more than the fact that girls go to the events and perform sex acts for the men, but I have never seen the activity so I don't know exactly what goes on. The men are incredibly secret, I've never seen anyone except Bill. I suppose they have assistants that keep it that way for them too. I would assume the men are very wealthy and wield some power, but again, I have no idea who they are. There doesn't seem to be a set schedule for the events. Once in a while Bill tells me he is going and I clear his calendar for him to go. That's all I know when that happens. Sometimes, Bill connects with a hottie like you that is game to participate. Then I have a more of a role, as I am doing with you.'
'My guess is when one of the men find a willing target, that's you, they arrange the event and inform the other members of the club. Those that can attend, attend. So as far as I can tell, there is no specific number of participating members, it just depends on the night. The women I have taken to the event always come out pretty used up, all holes filled so to speak. None of the girls Bill has ever brought have been hurt or abused, most are sexually exhausted, but none have been crying or in pain or anything. They knew what they were getting into and went along for the ride. Some regretted it, it may have been a bit overwhelming for them, but most realized they were there to get used like a common slut and accepted it, or even relished in it. You strike me as someone that may enjoy the activity. I liked the way you serviced Bill, if you are good with multiple penetrations, you'll have a really fun night.'
With that she stopped. I had questions, like 'How long will it take? How many men?' but I kept quiet. I promised no questions.
So Barbie said 'Are we good?'
'Totally! Thanks.'
'Well then I'm headed to the hubby. You got me pretty horny watching you and Bill on the plane, I think I may be bending over soon too!'
I walked Barbie to the door. She turned and said 'See you tomorrow, text me when you are up.'
Spontaneously I moved toward her and kissed her. I didn't linger and I didn't grab her. It was a thank you kiss, but it was on the lips. She looked at me and said 'See you tomorrow.' then left. She wasn't offended, she wasn't embarrassed, it was like we were a married couple kissing goodbye. It sort of felt nice.
I opened a bottle of chilled wine and poured myself a glass. I drank it and relaxed until I fell asleep on the sofa. I woke up at some point and made it to bed. In a few hours I needed to be ready for quite an eventful day.
The next morning I woke up fairly early and with just a mild hangover. I found a couple Motrin and texted Barbie. I'll fast forward as much as possible to get to the event, but I have to mention, it was the best shopping experience of my life. Bar none. I now truly understand how women marry for money.
We went to 3 ultra-expensive boutiques. We bought probably every other thing I tried on. Barbie kept saying 'you look so hot', or 'that's fabulous on you', or so many positive things. I'd say 'it's hard to decide' and she'd say 'we're buying all of them'.
I started to get uncomfortable at the third shop, we had bought 4 outfits and spent over $2,000. I said, 'Barbie, I don't think Bill is going to be very happy.'
'Hey, let me worry about Bill. You have one job tonight, be a slut. If you screw that up, neither of us are going to be happy. If you are a rock star, Bill will be happy and will never even know about the shopping spree. He could care less.'
'But this is ridiculously expensive.'
'Come on Lexi, are you not figuring this out? Thousands mean nothing to him, no matter how much you spend, he makes 10 times that every day. I don't know what the deal is with the club, but I think he gets a gold star or something at the end of the year if he brings the most epic slut. So be that and don't worry about anything else. You'll earn this.'
With that we went into the last shop and I spent another couple thousand. Barbie was having as good of a time as I was. I have to say, she was a great mate for the spree, so positive and helpful. If she had been my husband I would probably still be married!
By the way, she advised me her husband got an amazing blowjob and cowgirl ride the night before. He asked what got into her, and she just said she was horny. Awesome.
So we arrived at the event on schedule. I was taken into a dressing room and Barbie told me to take off my clothes. My outfit for the night included thigh high stockings, a garter belt, and 5 inch heels. That was good by me, I looked REALLY sexy and the stockings and garter felt great.
Then a black guy (let's call him Jesse) came into the dressing room to inform me of the proceedings and get me ready for the show. His words, not mine. He said he would give me the 'script' so I could be prepared. He said 'script' which I thought was strange, I was going to get gangbanged, what script?
Jesse advised he needed to finish preparing me. He got behind me and pulled my arms back. He used a ribbon-like restraint to tie my hands behind my back. It was not tight and I thought I could break free if I needed to but assumed I wouldn't. I knew there was bondage involved and while I normally would have objected, it was part of the deal here. He then pulled out a ball gag and started putting it around my neck.
'Hey, what's that for?' I asked as I started to pull away.
'Stop Lexi, this is part of it.' Barbie interjected. So I stopped moving away and Jesse moved closer behind me again. I looked a bit desperate at Barbie and she said 'Keep your eye on the prize.'
I understood what she meant, I had 5 bags full of thousands of dollars of clothes on the floor next to me, this was part of the deal.
Jesse put the gag in my mouth and latched it behind my neck. He then pulled out a blindfold and put it over my eyes. I couldn't protest as I couldn't speak. At that point, I was helpless and decided I needed to relax and enjoy the ride. It was happening either way, I may as well have fun.
I heard the door open and close and assumed Barbie had left. Jesse walked around to the front of me. I could hear him undressing as I stood there. He approached me and started talking.
'Here is what we will be doing. I will hold your arm and guide you around the stage to show the men their target tonight. You will walk with perfect posture, back arched to illuminate those big tits and wiggle that ass as you walk. I'll stop at a couple places to allow a close up look for each participant. I'll then have you stop and you'll stand erect, perfectly still with those titties jutted out. I may turn you around to show your ass and I may give it a gentle slap. After all have observed their prey, I'll start fondling you from behind. I will continue until I am aroused enough to begin the performance.' He paused and then asked, 'Do you understand so far?'
I nodded and he continued.
'When I am ready I will undo the ball gag and move to your front. You will immediately drop to your knees, I'll hold your arms to assist. Once on your knees, open your mouth and wait for my cock. Now you will be getting probably the most intense face fuck of your life because I probably have the largest cock you have ever sucked. I will shove my cock all the way down your throat and I don't care how much you are gagging. In fact, that turns on our audience so feel free to choke and gag but realize nobody is coming to your aid. Like it or not, you are swallowing my cock. I'll cum in your mouth and hold my cock in your mouth until I am done. Hold my cum in your mouth and after I withdraw, let it flow from your mouth. With your saliva and my cum, there will be a volume, but do not swallow, let it out so it covers your chin and likely your tits. Do you understand?'
Again, I nodded. It was actually starting to sound pretty great.
'I will then help you to your feet and put your ball gag back on. Then I'll parade you around again, stopping to show each participant your cum covered front. When I stop you, shake your tits. Then I'll walk you to the table. The table isn't really a table, it's padded and somewhat form fitting to your torso. I'll bend you over on it and you will be at the edge at your waist and your head will be hanging over the front. You see where this is going. The table has a motor that can raise or lower the front or back. The gentlemen will raise or lower it to position you for their entry. Do not assist in anything, so no pushing up your ass with your legs, just spread them and let them hang over the end. Your gag will be removed if a member wants a blow job but you are to say nothing when the gag is off, unless the member asks you to speak. It is likely all members will cum inside you but some may choose to jerk off on your ass or face. If a member does cum in your mouth, you are to swallow. When the members are done with you, I will pull you up, reattach your gag if it is off, and bring you back here. Do you understand?'
I nodded again. Wow did this sound kinky and exciting. I was all in.
'OK let's go' Jesse said as I heard the door open.
Everything happened as Jesse described. I was paraded around,,so I did my best to wiggle and push out my tits. He stopped and showcased me, at times holding up my tits with his hands or turning me around and as I jutted my ass out, he'd slap it. Finally he was behind me grinding on my ass and reaching around and fondling my tits. He hadn't told me to do so, but I was able to grab his cock with my tied hands and stroke him. I was hoping that was OK and his reaction told me it was. He was getting hard and I was beginning to understand the enormity of his cock. The time came and he took of my gag and moved around to my front.
I dropped to my knees and opened my mouth. I felt his cock across my face, it felt like he had his balls on my mouth and his cockhead on my forehead, he was big. He started slapping my face with his rod and I took it, keeping my mouth open and my tongue out. Finally he shoved his member into my thirsty mouth. I latched my lips around that big boy and started sucking him in. It was indeed large but I had no idea how long as I couldn't see. He wasn't as thick as my bodyguard buddy Travis from the night before, but I knew he was much longer, I was hoping maybe an inch or two and not more, but it was show time and I needed to take it no matter how long. Boy did I find out fast how long it was!
Jesse grabbed my head with one hand under my chin and one on the top of my head and started pushing into my throat. I was getting really wet I was so stimulated by the thought of performing for these rich pricks with a black dude shoving his cock into my hungry mouth. I was able to relax and open my throat immediately, I was so willing. Jesse pushed deep into my throat and I did start to gag and cough but he didn't stop. I thought I would throw up as he continued to push and bile did come up. He pulled back and I took a breath, saliva and whatever came spilling from my mouth. He grabbed my head harder and pushed back in. Now he started thrusting in and out. I kept as erect as I could while my face was being used. I envisioned him fucking my face as the rich pricks masturbated (I didn't really know if they were masturbating but I did hear zippers) and got more turned on, I was soaking wet all over now, down my front and down my legs. I choked again and coughed as he shoved his dick deeper into my throat. I still had not reached his base with my lips and began to worry just a bit that I couldn't do it. Then I relaxed and figured this wasn't my performance, this was Jesse's, he was the one that had to shove that pole down my throat, I just had to take it. I finally did. He was fully into my mouth and held my face to his stomach as he thrust in and out an inch or so to get in as far as possible. He then pulled all the way out of my mouth and I coughed and spit up saliva and bile. He slapped my face with his cock and then shoved his cockhead back in and started stroking himself. I sat like a good little slut awaiting my prize and it came big time. He deposited a huge load in my mouth as he throbbed for a full minute squirting gob after gob on my tongue. I held in the cum and saliva as best I could but my mouth was filling and I had to let some slide out under his cock. Between my saliva, his cum, my pussy wetness, and my watering eyes (yes I had a blindfold but it had gotten soaked), I was already a wet mess when he pulled out and I let his load flow from my mouth. I felt that warm cum flowing down my neck on to my tits, into my cleavage, over my tits and down to my waist. The image turned me on more. I was so ready to get fucked.
Jesse got me up and I struggled a bit, I was wobbly. I was anxious to lay face down on that table! But as he had told me, he re-attached my ball gag and paraded me around to show the rich pricks his work. I did my best to wiggle my ass as I strutted and each time I stopped, I shook my tits. I heard many of the pricks laughing and a couple made comments like 'yea, shake that cum off baby' or 'Holy shit, look at the amount of cum'. I got more aroused.
Finally I was pushed on to the table. I spread my legs and awaited being used. I was so horny I would have begged the group to fuck me had I not had on the gag.
I heard 2 men come toward me from each end. I did not hear pants unzip or pants come off, I think they already had their cocks out and probably had been stroking themselves, since they were already hard when they approached me. The table rose at my waist as the member positioned me for entry. Once it stopped, a cock was rammed into my wet pussy and he started pounding me. I still had on the gag but let out a muffled yelp. The gag was detached and fell to my neck again. The guy pulled up my head by my hair and shoved his cock in my mouth. He stared an aggressive pumping into my throat. Neither cock was exceptionally big, in fact both were average at best, so it was only their aggressive behavior and my climaxing that caused any sounds from me. No words, just yelps or groans as they pummeled me from both ends. It took about 2 minutes before both men started cumming. I did as instructed and swallowed the load in my mouth and awaited the next customer.
The table stared to lower at both ends as 2 pricks positioned themselves. I assume my blowjob customer was shorter than his predecessor. The back turned out to be lowered to position my ass for a backdoor man. A cock was shoved into my mouth and I felt hands spreading my ass and a cock positioned at my entrance. I was so hopeful it was lubed as I had not thought to lube my ass. Turns out he was, so that was a relief and I felt him slide in. The blowjob was super fast. He was rock hard, grabbed my head and pumped fast and deep for about a minute and let loose. That was fast! He pulled out and I swallowed.
Mr. backdoor leaned over me and was now humping away. He raised the front a bit so I was at a slight angle. He had his torso on my back. I was so wishing my hands were free so I could play with myself as I needed to get off. He must have read my thoughts as he reached his hand down and shoved a couple fingers into my pussy and started finger fucking me. I gasped as he hit my clit and then let out a moan.
'You like that bitch? You want more?'
I guessed that it was OK to talk and said, 'Fuck yes'.
'What do you want me to call you, bitch, slut, or whore?'
I didn't answer, he could call me whatever turned him on the most.
'I asked you a fucking question.' He said as he thrust into my ass hard.
'Slut, call me slut'.
'What's your second choice?' he asked as he humped me good with his mouth at my ear.
What? My second choice. WTF? But I figured he wanted an answer. 'Whore.'
'OK, then bitch it is. Ask me to pump your ass bitch.'
'Pleaaaase puuuuump myyyyy assssss'. I managed to get out as he reamed me.
'Yea, you like that. I'm going to cum in your mouth. You want that don't you bitch.' he said as he pulled out and walked to the front of the table.
'Suck it bitch.' He commanded as he pushed his cock into my open mouth.
His aggressive pumping of my ass was no less for my face. He grabbed my hair and thrust himself into my mouth and throat. I had no power to do anything but take it. I would have gladly used my mouth to fuck him but he was in control and was getting off having fucked my ass and then shoved his rod into my throat. I was glad these guys weren't that big, it wasn't uncomfortable, especially after swallowing Jesse. He would pull me to his stomach by my hair and thrust into my face. After a few rounds he came with a vengeance. I had a really nice load deposited and as he pulled out, I swallowed the mass.
All during the second round, I could start smelling cigar smoke and as I laid there breathing heavy from the last episode, it got stronger. The table was leveled and raised a bit and I heard a guy get in front of me and one behind me again. The cigar smoke got really strong.
The guy in front of me said 'I like getting sucked off while smoking a stogie. Is that OK with you slut?'
It wasn't a real question, it was certainly rhetorical. I did take note that he called me slut, my first choice, not sure if that was out of respect (ha ha) or just a coincidence. Anyway, I didn't answer, I tried to nod my head. I had my mouth open and he shoved his cock into it. I got a huge whiff of smoke and almost gagged from it. I think he had taken a drag and blown it down to my face while I was sucking. I'm not a big fan of cigars so it's not something I enjoyed, but whatever turned him on was cool with me. I envisioned him standing there with one hand on his hip and one holding his cigar while he puffed away and I had his meat stogie in my mouth. Even with the stench, I enjoyed that image and sucked away as he thrust in and out.
His partner may have been smoking too but it was hard to tell. He just gave me a nice fuck from behind, a good old traditional doggy style reaming. Again, I envisioned him with a stogie in his mouth while pumping away. I was being such a whore and I came yet again.
Both guys deposited their sperm in my repositories, I swallowed and then laid there waiting for more. But that was it. The ball gag was placed over my mouth and Jesse pulled me up. He walked me around once more but this time fast. I'm not certain many of the guys were still there. I was a cum mess, I'm sure and whoever was there, got to see his handiwork on this little slut.
I was taken back to the dressing room and the blindfold was removed. Barbie was there and Jesse left. Barbie reached around the back of my head and undid my ball gag and it dropped to my neck.
'How was it?'
'Actually, pretty great. I hope I was a hit.'
The door opened and Bill came in.
He looked at me as Barbie moved away.
'How did I do?' I asked.
'Great. I knew you were an eager whore.'
'Thanks. Did you fuck me?'
'Nope, I was just observing today.'
'Want a blowjob?' I asked. I figured he deserved one.
'Yea, get down on your knees and Barbie, come over here.'
My hands were still bound but I was able to sink down to my knees without falling. Barbie knew what to do without being told, she undid Bill's pants and pulled out his cock. She started stroking him as I kneeled waiting. He was hard pretty fast and she positioned his member to my lips, which I parted to take him in. I worked him in and out of mouth while Barbie stroked his shaft. He was getting tense rapidly as I think our tag team was having a positive effect!
'Pull off' he commanded as Barbie started pumping his shaft faster and I pulled back. She aimed his cock at my tits as he began blasting his stream on me. He groaned really hard as he came again and again and I got more cum covered. When he seemed to be done. I moved forward and Barbie positioned his cock at my lips again, where I sucked him in and took any last drops.
He buckled up his pants and went for the door as Barbie helped me up.
"Good job Lexi.' Bill said and he was gone.
Barbie faced me and looked down at my cum covered tits. She had on a summer dress, sort of short and flowing. She reached behind her to unsnap it and let it fall to the floor. She undid her bra and let it fall off and took ff her panties.
'You got me really hot.'
My hands were still tied behind my back and I wasn't sure what was going to happen next. She felt my tits and had a bit of an orgasm just doing that. She then started wiping Bill's cum off with two fingers and putting them in my mouth. I sucked the cum off her fingers and she would leave her fingers in my mouth for a few seconds while I sucked them. She got most of the cum off my babs. She pressed herself up to me and reached around my back and undid the ties. I shook my arms a bit as they were sort of numb. She pulled back a couple inches and put a hand on each of my tits and started feeling me up. It felt good.
'I told you I like your tits. God I wish I had your tits.'
I put my arms around her waist as she continued. She moved closer to me and kissed me, a big open mouth hot momma. I was getting aroused. Barbie had put her arms around me and now our breasts were pressed against each other.
I said, 'You feel good.'
She said, 'You have to eat my pussy. I'm going crazy.'
I didn't really know what to do. I had never been with a woman. But I dropped to my knees and she pulled her legs apart. All I knew to do was what I'd like done to me, so I started licking her pussy lips. She gasped. I took my hand up and started fingering her clit, just the way I like it. I then inserted my tongue between her pussy lips and she started cumming. She put her foot up on the table behind me and opened up her vagina for my mouth and fingers. I went in and gave her all I had, licking and eating that wonderful cunt, and fingering deep into her. She started screaming, she was getting off so much. I didn't know how long to continue but I just kept on until she started to wobble and pulled away.
I stayed on my knees as she looked down at me.
"Wow.' was all I got.
She picked up her dress and started putting it on, she did not bother with the bra or panties. I got up and watched her. She was magnificent. For her to envy my tits was a joke, she was damn near perfect, actually she was perfect. Proportioned just right, beautiful, sensual, shit, I wished I was her.
After her dress was on she turned so I could snap the back. She turned around and kissed me. And started walking to the door.
'John will get you to the apartment and then to the airport tomorrow. Goodbye Lexi, you did good.'
She walked out the door and I never saw her again, or Bill. That was it.
I pulled on my clothes, picked up my shopping bags and was about to walk out but the door was locked. After a bit a guy walked in, I guess it was John, and he did what Barbie had said he would.
I was dead tired that night and just went to bed, got up the next day and got back to the hotel. By 4PM I was back at work thinking about how 24 hours ago I was about to have my slut show. I got horny even as my ass, throat and pussy ached from the battering. Ah, but time heals all 'wounds' and I knew I'd be ready for another fuck soon.