I started Day 3 with a run, just as I had the prior day. I had slept in, and I was sore from the run in the hills I had done the day before, so I elected to take my run through downtown Boise. The stoplights and the downtown traffic were a pain but, when I reached the river, I turned east and ran for a couple of miles along the Greenbelt I had explored on a bicycle. It was a beautiful run beneath the heavy cottonwoods that lined the river. Reaching my limit I worked my way back to the North until I came to an old Penitentiary situated at the base of the hills. I read a sign saying that it had been in use from its early 1870's construction until it was replaced with a new facility in 1973. Criminals had been incarcerated in this hellish looking structure for 100 years. As I stood before the sandstone walls and rusted iron gate looking at the guard towers at the corner, I had this image of a lanky prison guard armed with a rifle, cigarette drooping from a lip, looking down on Paul Newman and the Captain in Cool Hand Luke as the Captain explained to Newman that they were having a "communications problem" and that if Newman didn't start shaping up the consequences would be unpleasant—or some such. That was just before he smacked him and knocked him down a hill. I couldn't remember the precise details of the scene.
The old structure creeped me out a bit. "Crime does not pay, I guess," I told myself and resumed my run. It was beginning to get warm, but the rest of my run was through the tree lined North End. When I arrived, the house was silent, the Christensen's car gone. I assumed they were both gone to work for the day, so I was casual about my shower. I walked naked from my room to the bath, a towel thrown loosely over my shoulder. I left the door open to help the anemic vent in the bathroom do its job. I've always disliked trying to shave after a shower has fogged up the mirror.
I had just stepped into the shower when I looked briefly over my shoulder at the mirror and realized I was not alone. Julia was standing just outside the door looking in at me. I felt a jolt of electricity run through me. Another opportunity to play exhibitionist to Julia's voyeur. I kept my back turned while I thought about how to take advantage of this opportunity. I decided I didn't want her to know I had seen her, but I needed to show her enough so she would keep looking. I repositioned myself in the shower so she could see me directly from her vantage point. Looking at me via the mirror would cut off the body parts I intended to display to her.
My dick was rapidly rising as I considered this opportunity. Why was it that simply being seen naked by Julia caused my dick to swell? Was my dick a pervert, or was it me? Or is there a difference between those two? I turned sideways and begin to stroke it with my already lathered up hands. I was sure she would stay if she thought she was watching me masturbate.
I was in no rush to cum. I just stood there letting the water pour down my back while I stroked my rigid prick with my soapy hands. I was facing her, but I had my head down as though I was watching my masturbation. From time to time, I took a quick glance in the mirror to assure myself she was still there, but I didn't look directly at her.
Julia was wearing the same flimsy robe she had worn at breakfast on second day of the bet. When I took a second glance I saw that she had released the belt and was playing with her tits as she secretly watched me masturbate. Well, she thought she was being secretive, but I knew she was there, and I was getting a rush out of showing off for her benefit.
When I dared to take a third look, she had moved one hand from her breasts to her pussy. She appeared to be slowly rubbing her clit as she watched my hand stroking my cock. I assumed she was so focused on my lathered prick that she wouldn't notice me watching her masturbate.
I was wrong. The next time I looked, she caught me. Now she knew I was watching her. She didn't stop watching, and she didn't stop her own masturbation. She just smiled at me and briefly held one hand up with the thumb and forefinger in a circle while she pushed another finger quickly in and out of the circle symbolizing a man jerking off. She clearly wanted me to continue, and she wasn't going anywhere.
I stepped out of the shower so I could face her directly. I stood there for the next five minutes, ten feet from Julia, both of us naked, and both of us blatantly masturbating to entertain the other. It wasn't clear who was the exhibitionist and who was the voyeur anymore, but I didn't care. This felt so nasty. My cock was like an iron bar.
Eventually I could hold out no longer. I stared directly at Julia as I savored the rush of a couple of strings of cum up my shaft and out into the light of the bathroom. She shook her head and said, "You just don't know what you're missing," before walking away.
After shaving and dressing I walked past her bedroom door before leaving the house. I was sure I could hear the buzz of a vibrator. The door was open a crack. The voyeur in me couldn't resist pushing it open enough to see what she was up to. What I saw held my attention for longer than it should have—Julia lying naked on her back, her eyes closed and her legs spread obscenely as she stroked a large vibrating dildo in and out of her pussy. Her free hand alternated between roughly massaging her large soft tits and rubbing her clit. I couldn't bring myself to leave until she climaxed with a scream. I've always assumed she never realized I was there, but perhaps she knew all along and was just continuing with her masturbation as another step in her exhibitionist efforts to seduce me.
In either case, I left the house with an image in mind of Julia lying on her back, her eyes closed and her legs spread obscenely while she pumped a large, vibrating dildo in and out of her pussy. I was sure she was fantasizing about being fucked by the big dick she had watched squirt cum on her bathroom floor a few minutes earlier.
My day was off to another good start.
* * * * * * *
I walked back to the little coffee shop I had been at a couple of days before. Breakfast was a coffee and a pastry. After enjoying my light meal, I got a refill on the coffee, and I opened my lap top and began to search for home rental offerings. Staying with Jared and Julia was entertaining, but if I was really going to make Boise my new home, I had to establish my own address. Much as I wanted to disassociate myself from my Palo Alto past, I needed an address of my own where mail could be sent to me, my bankers, investment advisers, accountants, and lawyers could contact me, and all the other responsibilities of being a citizen in our modern economy could be centered. When you have as much money as I had, you can't completely run away. The detritus of my prior life had to be dealt with, and these were the people who were doing it for me. I had to be available to them.
Almost everyone I met in Boise complained bitterly about the high cost of housing and its rapid recent increases. I had to work to refrain from laughing. Boise was a bargain compared to Palo Alto. But having been in town for only a few days, I didn't feel ready to buy a house yet, even though I had plenty of money to do so after the sale of my company. So I focused on rentals. After finishing my second cup of coffee, I made an appointment for after lunch with a realtor to drag me around to some rentals in the North End. Although I might eventually find some portion of Boise I liked better, I found the North End just fine for my current purposes. By the end of the afternoon, I had a found a house that was suitable and committed to a one year lease. It would not be available for another few days, but I figured I could stay with Jared that long, as long as I didn't have to resist succumbing to his wife's seduction efforts for the whole time. That was getting more difficult each day.
Having addressed my housing needs I felt I had earned a beer, so I went back to the brew pub I had been at the day before. The same chatty barkeep was happy to sell me another IPA and at 4:30 the bar was pretty empty. The after work crowd had not arrived, so she had time to talk. I learned her name was Kat. "Katherine actually," she said, "but only my mother calls me that and then only when I've done something wrong."
"So you probably don't like being called Katherine then?"
She laughed and said, "You're very perceptive."
I worked the subject around to the Reverend and Mrs. Christensen. "He runs something called the First Reform Church of the Rockies," she told me. "It was a Baptist church but it splintered off from the national organization a year or two after they got to town. My parents used to attend there, but they left. They said, preacher Christensen was too liberal for them."
"And you?" I asked.
She laughed. "I don't go to church much, but I know the Christensens pretty well. Sunday church service isn't where I see them."
"Oh," I said, trying to get her to tell me more, without asking but just leaving the issue hanging with a silence. It worked.
"I had a boyfriend who took me to one of their parties."
"And?"
She smiled. "Not anymore."
"No more boyfriend, or no more parties?"
She laughed again. "The boyfriend's long gone. Went to North Dakota to work the oil rigs and never came back."
"And the Christensens' parties?" I asked.
"Yeah, I still go to some of those. They're kind of an 'acquired taste'."
"Oh?" I said raising an eyebrow.
"Well they're not quite what you would expect from a preacher and his wife."
Now it was my turn to chuckle. "I suspect I know what you mean," I said. "I've only been living with them for a few days and they do have a . . . how shall I put it—an unorthodox life style."
Now it was Kat's turn to laugh. "Unorthodox? Well, I would describe them as just about the horniest couple I've ever met."
I laughed in agreement. "So," I asked. "Did you and your boyfriend start out with couples therapy at their church?"
"No, it was actually his parents who went through the church's couples therapy. They were having troubles with their marriage and the Reverend convinced them it could all be cured with a better sex life. They didn't tell their son, Evan, anything about it of course, but when he found them on a Thursday afternoon, naked and screwing their brains out in the backyard he grew up in, they had to break down and tell him about how their life had changed, even about the Christensen's parties. They must have given Evan quite a sales pitch because he insisted that he and I should go to one with them. But, I don't think he was quite ready for it."
"Why, what happened," I asked.
Kat laughed and leaned toward me across the bar so she could speak softly, "Let's just say, he wasn't quite ready to see his naked mother bent over the back of a lawn chair while the Reverend was ferociously fucking her from behind in front of twenty people. That's when he decided to go to North Dakota to work the oil fields."
"How about you?"
She smiled, "Well as you can see I haven't run off to North Dakota."
"And your parents?"
"Do you mean do they go to the Christensen's parties?" she laughed and shook her head. "My god, no. They couldn't even handle his regular Sunday sermons. Mom would have a stroke if she ever saw what goes on at their parties."
"But you still go to their parties?"
She smiled, "Yeah, sometimes." She paused for a moment and looked at me. "Do they have one coming up?"
"I don't know. We haven't talked about it."
"Hmm. Maybe I'll see you at one." Then she left to take care of another customer. As she walked away I thought favorably about seeing her at one of Jared's orgies, if that's what they were. She was tall and lean, with sandy hair hanging well below her shoulders and green eyes. In many ways she was the opposite of Julia's voluptuous sensuality. As she walked away my mind, always quick to sink into the gutter, spun out a fantasy about lying with her long legs wrapped around my ass while we made love.
It was a delicious thought, but it was approaching 5 o'clock and the after-work crowd was beginning to filter in. Since I had promised Julia via a message exchange earlier in the day I would help her prepare dinner again tonight I decided it was time to leave the bar and my lascivious thoughts of Kat's long legs.
* * * * * * *
When I walked into the kitchen carrying a bag of groceries, Julia was wearing the same short, tight, cutoff jeans and white T-shirt as she had the prior day. The T-shirt fit her snugly and beautifully outlined her voluptuous breasts, and the cheeks of her plump ass peaked seductively from below the tattered denim. Any thoughts I was still harboring of Kat disappeared as I looked at Julia's barely covered ass. God how I wanted to clutch that round voluptuous ass as I stroked my cock in and out of her!
"Oh good. You're home." She walked up to me carrying the butcher knife as she had yesterday. When she reached me, she threw her arms around my neck and, standing on her toes, pulled my face down to hers and kissed me, quickly forcing her tongue between my lips while she mashed her big tits against my chest. It was a long passionate kiss. I wasn't sure whether I was more worried about where she would go beyond the kiss, or what she might do with the butcher knife that was dangling from one had at the back of my neck. I could feel the flat of the blade lying against my vertebrae. But the passionate kiss made it easy to forget both concerns. I dropped the grocery bags to the floor and reciprocated her passion, with a hand pulling each globe of her ass against me. As the kiss went on I managed to work my fingers under the bottom edge of the shorts so that I was cupping her bare ass, or at least part of it. I had promised myself I wouldn't fuck her, but this wasn't fucking, . . . yet.
Eventually she released me and stepped back. "Oh my, you are very good at that," she said, "but you were very naughty this morning," she continued, waiving the butcher knife at me.
I picked up the grocery bags and set them on the counter ignoring her knife. "Well, I have to admit that we both got a little carried away this morning."
She laughed and shook her head. "I thought we were just getting started and then you finished early on me."
"It's those big boobs of yours. I bet they do that to a lot of guys."
She smiled, flattered, and said, "Sometimes, . . . but enough of that. Sandra and her husband are coming to dinner tonight. We have cooking to do."
Oh that will be interesting, I thought. "Okay," I said. "What do you want me to do?"
"Well, later I'll want you to fuck her, and him if you're interested, but right now I want you to cut up those vegetables." She handed me the knife as she spoke.
"The vegetables and even Sandra, I can handle, but Andrew, not so much."
She laughed. "Jared and I will have to work on you, but for now, just chopping those vegetables will do."
As we cooked she told me about the conversation she had had over lunch hour with Sandra.
"She told me that when she got home her husband was waiting for her. She was a little afraid he might be unhappy because she had stayed out so late. She was also worried about how he would feel if he discovered she had returned without her undergarments."
"And was he mad?" I asked.
"No, just horny. Men are that way." She laughed.
"Sandra said she knew it was going to be okay when he stood up and she saw that he had a boner that was tenting his trousers. She didn't give me the details, but apparently, she told him what had gone on here, and the more she told him the harder his cock got until he finally threw her, fully clothed, on the bed and fucked her furiously. It's a good thing she left her panties here. They would have just gotten in the way. She claimed he was better than any of us were earlier in the evening. I think Sandra's husband may have real potential."
"Wow," I said. "I thought she had enjoyed all the sex she could handle when she left here."
"Apparently not."
"But here is the good part. She thinks he feels insecure about having sex in front of others. He doesn't object to her screwing others, but she says he is . . . well just a bit shy if he is involved and there are participants other than just his her. Yum. I just love curing the shy ones."
"Oh and one other thing," she continued. "We will have to get by without Jared at dinner. He has another of our parishioners that he has to meet with, and he has to finish sending out invitations for one of our special parties. But he should be home by 7 PM."
"He's a busy boy."
"This parishioner isn't a marriage counseling problem. He is a rich old man who is thinking about changing his will now that he has terminal cancer."
"That sounds tough."
"Not to worry Jared's good in those situations too. He won't come home depressed, just horny—and hopefully richer."
I thought for a minute about Jared's other task. "Your special party. Is it going to be at the church?"
"No. The pews are too hard for those kind of parties. There is a big home down in Eagle that belongs to one of our regulars. He has volunteered to host this party. We just have to organize the catering and the post party clean-up. Oh and we have to issue the invitations. When you do that it's important to keep straight which groups of people are invited to which events. A sample of the invitation is over there. It goes to a select group of our church members and a few other folks we know in town who we think will enjoy themselves."
I looked at the invitation:
Special Labor Day Service
September 1, 2019
at
Dr. Bob's Home in Eagle
6:00 PM Until You Can't Any More
Come Prepared to Worship
the
Lifestyle of the Naked Epicurean
(clothing optional)
The invitation pretty much confirmed what Kat had told me.
* * * * * *
45 minutes later I answered the doorbell to find Sandra and Andrew on the doorstep. I greeted them and invited them in, explaining that Julia was dressing and that Jared would be late but should arrive by 7.
"Oh I know," Sandra said, her voice happy and confident. "He called me and assured me that Julia would take good care of us. She was quite skilled last night, so I'm sure we will get by just fine." There was no sign of the initial shyness she had arrived with last night.
Sandra had apparently taken the Reverend's clothing instruction about not wearing undergarments today to heart. She peeled off the blue blazer she was wearing and it was immediately clear that there was no bra constraining her breasts. She was wearing a thin, snug white sweater that beautifully outlined her naked breasts. Her nipples, which appeared aroused, raised seductive looking little tents in the fabric. It was just sheer enough to let the dark color of her nips show. I immediately thought of how much fun I had had last night fondling her breasts and sucking on her nipples. She wore a similar skirt to the one she had worn last night, except this one was shorter and tighter, coming only half-way to her knees and doing a beautiful job of outlining her luscious ass. I felt my cock stirring in my dockers as I thought about doing her again tonight. In accordance with Julia's instructions I had foregone underpants tonight.
Andrew's demeanor was a stark contrast to his wife's. He was still wearing the plain grey business suit he had worn to work, but unlike Sandra, who had greeted me with an aggressive hug and a whispered obscenity about oral sex in my ear, Andrew stepped slowly from behind his wife and extend an anemic hand shake as he introduced himself. He looked me briefly in the eye, and then returned his eyes to the ground. There was no sign of a smile. I wondered if he knew I had fucked his wife last night.
"I see you followed the Rev's instructions," I said to Sandra. "That must have made quite a hit at work today," I said.
She cupped her breasts and held them out toward me saying, "Oh, theses? I kept my blazer on all day." She paused for a moment thinking, and then said, "It might have been fun though." Her smile was lighting up the room. There was no reaction from Andrew to his wife's exhibitionist conduct.
Julia breezed into the room, bearing a tray with glasses and an unopened bottle of wine. Like Sandra, she had foregone a bra for the evening. She had on a sheer white blouse that did nothing to hide her voluptuous chest or constrain the jiggle of her breasts as she walked across the room. It was open most of the way to her waist, but the cloth was so thin that even where it covered her breasts, it did little to conceal them. Below the blouse she wore a long loose fitting dress that reached the floor, but was slit up the front nearly to her waist. You could see all of each leg as she walked towards us. I felt my cock swell another notch or two as she approached. "What is it about this woman's tits that get to me so easily?" I asked myself. But before I could let my imagination wander into lust filled scenarios of things I would like to do to her tits, I turned to see Andrew's reaction.
He had risen from his chair and he certainly wasn't looking at the floor now. His eyes were riveted on Julia's breasts. Not smiling yet. Just staring. As she set the tray down on a coffee table before she approached him, her blouse ballooned away from her chest, undoubtedly giving him an even better view of her tits than the rest of us had. She wrapped her arms around his neck and mashed her chest against his. When she stepped away from him I could see a growing lump in his trousers.
Julia did the same with Sandra. Sandra let her hands slide down Julia's back to caress her broad ass, with the two holding the embrace for an indecent period.
"Oh I'm so glad you two could come. We're going to have such fun tonight," Julia said. She seated herself on the couch next to Sandra and crossed her legs letting the split in her dress expose both legs. "Michael darling," she said to me, "Could you open and pour the wine."
"I'm sorry Jared couldn't be here for diner, but he told me to entertain you. He should be here by 7 or so and then we will adjourn to the Play Room. Did Sandra tell you about the Play Room Andrew?"
"Uhm . . . Yes," he responded looking at the floor.
"Oh and he's dying to see it," his wife intervened with a great deal more enthusiasm than Andrew was showing.
Dinner was more or less a replay of the night before. The conversation above the table was civil and mundane—local politics, people's backgrounds, etc. Andrew was quiet, focused mainly on his plate and occasionally his wife's poorly concealed breasts. Below the table a whole different set of values was being played out. Sandra sat next to me and as soon as she sat down, she placed a hand in my lap and began to stroke my cock through my trousers, quickly bringing me to full arousal. It wasn't long before she had extracted my rigid prick from my pants and was slowly and gently stroking it. Not wanting to have all the fun myself, I put my hand on Sandra's, thigh and discovered to my pleasure that it was bare, as was her pussy above it, her skirt having been pulled up to her waist as she sat down. Throughout dinner she and I took turns molesting each other's sex organs at a level that was just enough to keep the fires burning, but not to trigger a climax that would show, "above the table." I suspected Julia was doing the same thing with Andrew, but both of them were restrained enough about it so that nothing showed,above the table. There was something about the two levels at which our social interaction was being carried on—it was so dishonest and so nasty. Perhaps delicious is a better word.
Just as we were finishing dinner Jared arrived with another guest in tow. Much to my surprise and pleasure, it was Kat. She wore the same tight pair of jeans she had worn in the bar and the same creamy sweater, but it appeared that her bra had gone missing. She was a woman who really didn't need much of a bra, but probably simply wore one for appearances sake. Now however, I could see that she had smallish breasts that sat high on her chest. She had just enough to jiggle as she walked across the room. Her nipples appeared engorged and were obvious through the thin sweater. Had she and Jared been doing something before they arrived? Everyone rose from the table for introductions as quickly as dresses could be pushed down, cocks placed back in trousers, and zippers closed. As I expected Andrew was sporting a huge boner that his suit pants did very little to conceal, but then so was I. No one seemed to care about that in this household.
Jared introduced Kat as a friend of the family. She made the rounds of the table greeting everyone with hugs. When she got to Jared's wife, Julia wrapped her arms around her saying, "Oh I'm so glad you could come," as she let one hand drift down so it was cupping Kat's ass.
Kat responded, "I couldn't turn Jared down when he called. I love to "come" here." I don't think the double meaning of the wordcomewas lost on anyone at the table, with the possible exception of Andrew who still had his poker face on. I would learn later that very little got past Andrew, but he simply didn't show it, except for the tent in his trousers which was beyond his control.
At Julia's request, Kat and I went to the kitchen to get more wine and additional glasses. As we left the room I felt Kat's hand gently massaging my ass. It was delicious.
As soon as we were in the kitchen I turned and pulled her against my chest, beginning a lengthy and steamy kiss. I let my hands drop to her ass and pulled her even tighter against me as I rubbed my erect cock against her. We kept it up until we heard Jared call out, "Hey, where's the wine. Did you two get distracted?"
"Be right there," I yelled back.
We un-corked two bottles of wine and grabbed some glasses and hurried back to the dining room. During our absence the parties rearranged themselves a bit. Sandra had claimed Julia's chair next to her husband and Jared and Julia had claimed the chairs immediately across from them that Sandra and I had previously occupied. We poured wine around and then grabbed a pair of chairs at the far end of the table. Sandra was sitting with her hips against mine. The warmth was delicious. One of her hands was stroking my cock.
Jared was conducting a graphic discussion of the importance of enjoying a good sex life without the constraints of monogamy. The others were paying rapt attention as he drew Sandra and Andrew into the conversation, encouraging them to explicitly discuss their personal sexual interests, not so much what they actually did as what they imagined or wanted to do. He even had Andrew participating as he told us about the lap dance at the titty bar he had gone to and how disappointed he had been when he couldn't convince his spouse to do the same thing for or "at least suck my cock." I couldn't believe the repressed looking personality in the grey suit that I had been introduced to earlier was now telling us how he had wanted his wife to "at least suck my cock.'
Kat, her hand resting comfortably on my hardened cock, and whispered to me, "I love watching the Reverend work with newbies."
I watched in silence, softly stroking her back as she stroked my cock. "Umm, that feels so nice," she said, "but these clothes we are wearing are so in the way, don't you think?"
After a few more minutes of my stroking she said, "Perhaps we could go somewhere else and leave these four to themselves, before the Reverend wants to get us involved in his seduction of the newbies."
"Will they miss us?" I asked.
"Not at all," Kat said. "Another 15 minutes and Jared will have them all in the Play Room, naked and fucking their brains out."
"What do you have in mind for us?"
"Same thing," she whispered in her ear. "Just not with them in the basement."
I whispered an obscenity in her ear about wanting to eat her pussy.
"Oh you are a bad boy. Are you sure you aren't related to Jared?"
"We were college roommates," I told her.
"I can tell," she said.
We quietly arose and retreated to my bedroom, taking our glasses and most of a bottle of wine with us. Jared wasn't going to need it. As we entered my room Kat stripped her sweater off. Standing with her back to me, she refilled her wine glass and said, "How about continuing that back rub." So, we stood in the dim light of my room, Kat naked from the waist up, sipping on a glass of wine, while I stood behind her and slowly dragged my fingers from the top of her jeans to her shoulders, and occasionally higher along the sides of her neck, or lower as I slid my fingers beneath her jeans and panties. "Oh fuck, that feels good," she said.
I set my glass down on a night stand next to the wine bottle and then pushed both hands around her rib cage to the front of her chest so I could massage her little tits. She groaned when I pinched her tiny nipples lightly. I was softly dry humping her jeans clad ass with my swollen prick as I teased her upper body. "Oh you have magic fingers," she said.
Kat turned towards me and dropped to her knees. I felt her tug at the zipper on my trousers and then her warm hand grabbed my cock and pulled it from my pants. She stroked for a bit and then begin to lick the head until she felt a need to suck the whole thing into her mouth and then down her throat.
Now it was my turn to exclaim "Oh, Fuck! God damn that feels good." Sandra had sucked my cock the night before, but not with the skills this woman had. After a minute or two or more (I don't time blow jobs) she looked up at me and said, "Let's get naked."
Moments later we were lying naked on the bed our legs entwined so I could rub her sex with my thigh, our chests sliding back and forth to our mutual delight, and our tongues dueling. This warm-up went on for several minutes until I slid down her and began to lick her little tits and suck on her rock hard little nips. I had been lusting after Julia's big tits for several days, but they suddenly didn't matter, now that I had my fingers and mouth working on Kat's delightful, sexy, little breasts.
Continuing my downward exploration I found myself lying chest down between her legs, my face staring at her sexy little pussy lips. I pushed her legs apart and began to lap at her outer lips occasionally grazing her little clit that was projecting from the top of her lips. Using my fingers to spread her outer lips, I began to drag my tongue in long slow strokes from her perineum to her clit. When my tongue began to tire, I slid two fingers into her pussy. It was hot and slippery. I found I could easily spin my fingers as I pulled them in and out.
Kat was crying more or less continuously now. "Oh fuck that's so good. Oh yes, yes, yes. Don't stop. Oh god, don't stop. Just keep doing what you are doing. Oh fuck, fuck, fuck!
She was building rapidly toward a climax, and I wanted to get her there. I abandoned my long slow licks in favor of concentrating on her rock hard clit as I increased the pace of my finger fucking. I had her clit between my lips and was sucking on it and I was fucking her rapidly and hard with my hand. It didn't take long before she tripped over the edge, raising her hips up as a screaming climax ripped through her whole body.
I tried to keep it up, but she pushed my head away as she gasped for air, saying, between breaths, "Oh my god. That was so good. So fucking good. But I need you inside me now. Get that big hard prick of yours up here and shove it in my cunt. I need it. No more licking and sucking. I want to fuck now."
I crept forward on my knees until the end of my cock was lying against her pussy. She reached down and wrapped a hand around my cock. "Oh shit you're big," she said as she positioned me before the opening of her cunt. She was still tight from her just completed climax, but with a little help from her hand and pressure from my legs, the head of my cock popped in and then I felt the delicious sensation of slowly sliding it all the way into her tight, warm, wet, sheath. I lay there for a longish time, my weight resting on my knees and elbows and my cock savoring the delicious sensations arising from being buried to the hilt in her cunt.
"What do you think the others are doing?" I asked.
"What? . . . Oh, I don't know. . . . I don't give a damn. Not while I've got that big hard cock in me. Oh fuck that feels so good."
I pulled back and begin slowly stroking in and out of her.
"Oh yes, that's so good." . . . she was silent as she savored my slow fucking.
She giggled. "They're screwing. That's what they're doing. Fucking. Just like we are. Jared would never let newbies escape from his home before they were well and thoroughly fucked." It had taken her several minutes of fucking before her distracted mind caught up with my question about the others.
I screwed her slowly and comfortably in our missionary position for a long time, neither of us rushing toward a climax. There wasn't much talk, and just a bit of groaning. Mostly we just lay there quietly enjoying a long, slow, leisurely, fuck.
Eventually her cries and groans grew gradually more intense, until she finally spoke up. "Oh Michael this is so good, but I can't keep this up for ever. I'm getting so horny, so fucking hot. I can feel an orgasm coming. I need you to fuck me harder, and make me cum hard. Can you do that, Michael?" Can you fuck me hard now?"
"Sure babe," I said. "It'll make me cum for sure, so where do you want me to cum?"
"I want you to cum inside me. I want to feel that hot jism of yours squirting into of my cunt."
As she spoke I was ramping up my pace. I was up on my arms now looking down at her beautiful little tits and her green eyes while I pounded her cunt with my cock. If I looked away from her face I could see her long legs, bent at the knees and spread widely from her hips to accommodate my pounding hips and pushing up to meet my strokes. I knew I wouldn't last long. I could feel a giant orgasm building inside me. "Are you close babe," I asked. "I'm gonna cum soon. That hot slick cunt of yours is going to push me over the edge and I'm going to fill that hot little pussy of yours with my cum."
She really couldn't answer, not coherently. "Oh fuck. Yes. Yes, yes, yes. That's it Just keep that up. Oh shit. I'm almost there I'm . . ." Then her body went rigid and she pushed her hips up into me. She snapped her legs around me and pulled my ass towards her with her heels, just like I had imagined earlier. Screaming as she climaxed, her cunt muscles clinched, trying to squeeze the cum out of me. That pushed me over, and I could feel my prostrate spasm and drive shot after shot of my cum up my shaft and into her pussy. God how I love the sensation of cum rushing though my shaft before it explodes out the tip of my prick. I groaned, many octaves below her scream, and it seemed like our mutual climax would go on forever. Then it was over and we collapsed on our sides gasping for air.
We lay there in silence for several minutes as we caught our breath and came down from ecstasy to reality. Suddenly Kat was giggling.
"What?" I asked.
She laughed some more and snorted as she tried to stop.
"Really, what?" I asked. "Was I that bad?"
"Oh god, no," she responded. "You were great." She paused for a moment while she sat up and poured each of us a glass of wine from the bottle and glasses we had left on the bedside table.
"It's just . . ." she paused while she took a long pull on her wine glass. "It's just . . . I just can't figure out why or how I always end up in bed with someone I barely know every time I come to this house."
"It's Jared and Julia," I said. "It's what they do."
"Arrange hook-ups?"
"I think they do it because they like to watch."
"They weren't watching us tonight."
"I know, we messed up their plans when we left the dining room and came back here," I said.
She laughed.
"How many strange men have you had sex with here before?" I asked. I took a sip of wine, while I waited for her to answer. She was counting on her fingers. The cool white wine I was sipping felt good on my throat. It was dry and sore. I must have really roared when I climaxed, I thought.
"At least a dozen, she said, finishing her counting. More like two dozen if you count the women." Later she would tell me those figures did not include the Christensens' parties.
"That's not so many," I said. "Not when you are hanging with the likes of Jared and Julia. I've had sex here with two women I didn't know before I came here, and I've only been here for a couple of days. If I keep that up I'll beat your record by the end of next week. "
Kat laughed, "How do they do that?"
"And do you know their names?" I asked. "These two dozen people Jared and Julia have maneuvered you into bed with?"
"Some of them," She said with a chuckle. . . . "You're Michael, . . . right."
"Yes, I'm Michael. . . . "And you're Kat, . . . right?"
"Yes."
"Phew," she said. "I hate it when a guy I've just fucked gets my name wrong."
"That's great," I said. "We just finished screwing and we know each other's first names. A real accomplishment. Shall we try for last names?"
"Let's not push it," she responded. "But you do want another?" she asked.
"Glass of wine or sex?"
She laughed.
"Actually both," she said. As I rose from the bed and refilled the wine glasses, I could feel my dick rapidly recovering. I was standing naked alongside the bed and my growing dick was hanging between my legs. She reached out and stroked it softly, causing it to jump of its own accord.
Kat took a long pull on her glass as she continued to fondle my now nearly erect dick with her free hand. "You really do have a beautiful dick," she said, as she set the quickly emptied wine glass on the bedside table and begin stroking me with both hands.
By this point my dick was as hard as it had been all evening and I wanted to push it back into her delicious warm pussy as quickly as possible. I set my half full wine glass down and then pushed her over onto her back and crawled between her legs.
"Ohh, yes. Yes so good," she whispered as I pushed my cock back into her slippery, warm cunt.
I had real staying power this time, so we fucked in a bunch of positions for at least half an hour. She climaxed several times before I finally reached a climax. Once I came we collapsed into each other's arms and drifted quickly off to sleep. We made love one more time that night. I think it must have been about three AM. At some point one of us must have pulled the sheet up over us, because we woke up early in the morning sleeping under a sheet in the most delicious spooning position. We made love again and then fell back asleep under the sheet.