My buddy Greg was a park ranger, which always came in handy for scoring the best out of the way camping spot during the busy season. I was a bit of a crank, to be honest. I never liked milling about with the kids and the drunken party crowds, but also never had the patience to head further north into the wilderness in order to go off the grid. My hook-up through Greg always came through when I needed to get away on the weekend.
I had a rough time at work lately, and was just coming off of twelve straight days on the job - so my getaway was a welcome relief. I had headed up late, and the highway wasn't as busy as it normally was on a Friday. Rolling into the gravel parking area as the light dimmed, I took out my phone and checked the GPS location that Greg had sent me. I locked everything up, grabbed my pack and my cooler, and started hiking through the trees.
I passed by a bunch of different parties in mid swing, fires crackling, bros shouting stories at one another while girls cackled away. All in all, I think there were maybe two families that I had seen as I trudged onwards to the destination on my phone. The woods were getting darker. Finally, I hit the clearing, and found the usual marker that Greg would leave for me - a bundle of firewood wrapped together with duct tape. I had found my home for the next five days.
Dropping my pack, I could spy the waters edge no more than twenty feet away - the sun just setting on the horizon. Greg had definitely come through for me. I stretched, and walked down towards the little beach, kicking off my shoes at the waters edge. Gorgeous I thought, before tearing off my shirt and unbuckling my shorts. I stepped out of my clothes, freeballing it like usual, and just walked into the cool water. It was fucking heaven. I just floated on my back for what seemed like ages, completely zoned out.
Hearing a branch off in the distance snapped me out of my reverie, and I squinted in the direction of the noise. I saw the faint glow of a fire about 50ft away and grimaced. Well, I'm sure Greg did the best he could, I thought - the park was going to be packed this weekend anyhow. I walked slowly up the pebbled beach towards my clothes, somewhat feeling a bit self conscious now about my nudity with neighbours around. I was staring intently at their fire, trying to figure out what kind of folks I'd be sharing space with, when I caught movement in my periphery. Looking to my side, I spotted a black girl leaning up against a tree, holding a drink. She eyed me curiously as I stood with the water up to my mid thigh. She was a smooth skinned, dark beauty with full lips, and wide hips. Her hair had been pulled into two pom-poms onto the sides of her head, and she wore a sloppy tank top that barely covered her pendulous breasts. The denim shorts she wore stretched over her curves, and tucked tightly into her crotch. The white pockets hung loosely from where fabric had been raggedly cut.
She made no move as I stood there in the water, exposed. My mid-twenties had turned into my early thirties, and my body had filled out well enough. There were no visible ribs, or pre-existing six packs anymore, just muscle, belly and a fine layer of dark hair. My cock, hung limply in an embarrassingly shrivelled state, betraying the thick 7" it usually grew to become. I felt her looking at my body in the dim light, but felt no shame. Weirdly enough, I felt that she was on my turf, and made no apologies for my current state. I nodded and gave her a tight, friendly grin, and she nodded back, before we both turned back to our respective camps. I absentmindedly gave my cock a few tugs as I trudged up to my shorts and set about putting camp together before night set in.
* * * * *
I had fallen asleep the moment my head hit the pillow, and found myself dreaming about the scene earlier on the beach. I hadn't had a proper girlfriend in about a year, and was just too into work to chase ass. Porn was my refuge, and I couldn't remember the last time I had been touched by a woman - well, short of a friend's bachelor party at a strip club. Nudity was a precursor to sex for me, but it was usually me looking at a woman, not the other way around. I dreamt about this beautiful black woman slowly walking around my naked body, running her finger along my skin, and never breaking eye contact with me. I dreamt about her being naked, yet still holding all that power over me, I —
I shot up in my tent, suddenly awake. There was a screeching howl close by that had woken me, and I was somewhat alarmed and groggy. I rubbed my eyes and tried to get them to adjust to the dark, as I listened again to another noise to try and triangulate where it was coming from. It slowly dawned on me that it wasn't an animal per se causing the ruckus.
Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap. Moan. "oh fuck me, fuck that shit, oooooohhhh!" Slap. Slap. Slap. Slap
My neighbours were fucking, and were having no qualms about sharing with everybody. I listened to them go at it for another five minutes, before I unzipped my tent, and quietly padded out into my clearing. I spotted the location of their camp and walked further in their direction wearing nothing but bug spray.
Luckily for me, there were still glowing embers in their fire that illuminated the opening of their tent. The screen on had been zipped up to keep the bugs out, but everything inside was on full display.
The beauty from this afternoon sat atop a sizeable cock, riding it for all it was worth. Her ass cheeks shook with every landing and upward thrust from her man. From what I could tell, it was a white guy she sat upon. His hands grasped her fleshy hips as he drove into her. I could feel my cock flicker to life, and stepped closer, just hidden by an oak tree.
In a flash, the guy had put the girl onto her back, and began to fuck her missionary. I could see his face, and focussed eyes, he was slender, with a little muscle on him, a patch of hair sitting awkwardly on his chest. His cock never left her pussy as he continued to slide in and out of her. For her part, the beauty on her back had a wild, dark bush between her legs, which, for all the sloshing I was hearing up close, must have been soaked. I hardened behind the tree as I watched her breasts fall and rise with their efforts. I started to pull at my dick, and match their pace as their combined moans filled the night sky. I finished on the side of the oak, feeling my knees buckle as shot four good spurts onto the bark. Looking back to the tent, I could see they still weren't done - in fact, they were just about to get her up on all fours. I had to go, before I risked getting seen.