"Do you think you'd ever wear it?"
I loved the skirt; I just doubted whether she would ever wear it out. It wasn't like her to wear mini skirts like that. She didn't like her legs; it was the one part of her body that she liked to keep hidden. Her legs are okay to me but I'm not a leg guy anyway. It was sweet of her to ask my advice though. We had gotten to the point in our relationship where we really cared what the other thought of how we dressed and looked. Besides, I loved shopping with her. The chance to see her in all sorts of clothes she may not normally wear was exciting for me.
"Don't you think my legs look too skinny?" she asked. She would barely come out of the changing room so I could see. Thing is, in that semi-sheer white tank top, I wasn't looking at her legs anyway. She has gorgeous breasts, with the sweetest protruding little nipples you could ever want. Thank god she warmed up to the concept of going braless in public.
"I think your legs are fine. Your ass looks incredible anyway, so don't worry so much about your legs." She does have an amazing ass. It gets noticed by almost every guy she walks past, although she is either too naïve, or embarrassed, to admit it.
"Okay, well I'll get it then. I just want to make sure I look okay in it."
"You look great, but don't get it unless you're seriously going to wear it. It's a waste of money to buy it and just have it sit in your closet forever. I'd rather you not get it if you think you won't have the courage to wear it."
Although she has come out of her shell quite a bit since we got together, she's still pretty much a sweet, shy, country girl with old-fashioned sensibilities. Every once in a while though, her wild side makes an appearance, after which I often need a few days to recover and pinch myself.
Well, it seemed like I would be right. A few months passed and she still hadn't worn the mini skirt. And in that time, our adventurous sex life had really taken off; to the point where showing her off was a passion of mine. I had gone from an insecure freak to a 'hey, check out my woman, isn't her ass the hottest you've ever seen??'
One intensely warm evening in early July, we decided to walk to a movie, which we enjoyed doing since it was a leisurely half hour walk from us. I hinted that it was quite warm out, and she would be very hot in her jeans. Perhaps she should wear the mini skirt tonight? She agreed. Wow, I didn't think it would be that easy. Or, perhaps she was in the mood for a wild evening.
Well 'War of the Worlds' wasn't all we hoped it would be, but the evening wasn't all bad. She did indeed wear her mini skirt, and a sexy little white tank top. She knows how much I adore white tank tops on women. In fact, every time a woman walks by wearing one I'm pretty much busted. But she's good about that sort of thing.
She also picked out some very sweet, sheer panties. She loves to tease me about my panty fetish, as described in more detail in another story of ours: Panty Pleasures. We got to the movie and sat down in a quiet, secluded row near the back. The previews hadn't even finished before I had my finger around the waistband of her panties. Tugging lightly, she knew I wanted them off. And this evening, she was happy to oblige. Raising her ass slightly, we teamed up to pull them down to the floor, where she easily slipped her feet out of them. I picked them up, discreetly held them to my nose for a quick whiff, and put them in my pocket. I don't know if she realized it but I knew – she wasn't getting these back tonight.
I have to tell you one thing about my girl. I know I said she's a bit of an old-fashioned gal. And she is. But she's also a 'spreader'. As in, 'she's got no issues with spreading her legs for me - any time, any place'. Nice character trait if you ask me. :-)
And this was one of those times. Without any panties on, and no one sitting too close to us, her legs spread with little effort; and my fingers too no time to dive in. Already damp with anticipation, her pussy welcomed my probing hand. I started with some gentle circular rubbing of her clit, which she loves. I followed it up with deep insertion of one finger, and then two. She climaxed with two deep fingers pulling firmly on her from the front, almost lifting her out of her seat. Her closed eyes, deep breathing and spent posture told me she enjoyed that one immensely.
We watched the rest of the movie, pretty much just waiting for it to end so we could walk home. Of course, those are the ones that seem to take forever.
Finally we started to make our way home as dusk settled in for the evening. She felt a bit exposed, walking along the sidewalk aware that each slight breeze could be blowing her skirt up enough to expose her pussy to the world. She had never been without panties in public, let alone wearing something that left little to the imagination. Plus she knew by the look in my eye that there was very little chance I'd let this opportunity slip by.
I quickly found myself watching everyone around us. Driving, walking, anything. I wanted to know who the potential targets were. Since it was starting to get a bit dark, flashing drivers may not work well. Luckily we were walking through strictly residential neighbourhoods, and with the gorgeous summer evening, there were a few people out and about.
The first person we passed was a lady watering her lawn. She was reasonably attractive, probably in her mid 40's. I wasn't sure how my gal would react to me flashing her to a woman. Hell, I didn't even know how she'd react to me flashing her to a man. But we may find out soon. At any rate, I chickened out as soon as the woman turned to us and said hi. It seemed weird to say hi back and then raise my girlfriend's skirt so the woman could get an ample view of her bush. Besides, maybe someone else would be around.
In the next block we found a car with a bunch of young guys, seemingly gang-bangers the way they blasted their stereo and hung around the car like it was something special. I wasn't about to put her in any danger whatsoever, so we kept walking.
Soon we saw a pretty good-looking man taking his garbage out. He was probably in his late 30's and seemed to be well built, based on his tight t-shirt and shorts. I'm not gay, but I'd probably describe myself as bi-curious. I've never done anything with another man, and doubt I ever would, but I have no problem recognizing hotness in either sex.
I was sure this would be the chance for me to finally show off my girl to an unsuspecting target. Thoughts raced through my mind as to how he'd react. A thumbs up maybe? A grin? Perhaps a request for more? All of which would be okay with me. Her? I don't know yet. Unfortunately, just as I had my hand on the bottom of her skirt, he tured and went back into the garage. Damn! Missed the opportunity. Well, what can you do? It would look pretty silly to flash someone who isn't watching.
As we got a bit further, we noticed two young guys in their driveway. One was washing a car while the other just seemed to be hanging around. I knew she wasn't really into young guys, she much preferred older gentlemen, but this may be the only chance we had. They seemed to be late teens or early 20's, which I knew to mean their eyes would be glued to my girlfriend the whole time we were in sight. And I was right. As we walked towards them, they continued to talk under their breath but both of them couldn't help but stare at us. She was that smoking hot.
We were on the opposite side of the street, which was perfect. I didn't want to be within grabbing distance. We got to within about 15 feet and my hand went down to the bottom of her skirt. I could sense her tense up, but she knew all along she could say no whenever she wanted. We always had that understanding between us. Either person could draw a line whenever we wanted. But she didn't.
I grabbed the bottom of her loose little mini and slowly pulled it up. It didn't have to come up much in order to be up to her waist, but I pulled it up as far as I could. And there she was. My sweet, embarrassed, old-fashioned little angel, walking down the street, right across from two young hotties, with no panties on and her skirt raised.
I held it there for what seemed to be 20 seconds. I made sure they got all the viewing time they could handle. Both just stood there, dumbstruck. They didn't know what to say or do. Who knows, maybe it was the first pussy they had ever seen? It was possible.
We walked on by with the straightest of faces. As soon as we passed them, we glanced over at each other to gauge the reactions. Her face was bright red, as it always is when she's embarrassed. But I could also tell from her eyes that she was incredibly turned on. The fact that she seemed to be smuggling some pretty big peanuts in her top confirmed this. I knew then that she was okay, which was the absolute most important thing to me.
We walked a few more feet and I reached to her skirt again, this time at the back. I figured if she was this horny, and the guys behaved so good, that they deserved a second viewing. I raised her skirt again, this time showing them the most perfectly round ass they could ever find. Strutting down the street in high–heel sandals, with her skirt raised, her ass was doing the sexiest shake imaginable. And they were watching. If not, their sudden burst of shouting and clapping was for something else. She beamed with pride. She loved the attention of men, even if her historically conservative ways prevented her from receiving it much.
We quickly walked the remaining few blocks home. Arm in arm, with sexy tongue dances and chest gropes, we knew we'd both be naked within 10 seconds of getting in the door. And we were. Her pussy was already primed for her second orgasm of the night, and my cock was standing at attention like never before. It was an incredible night of hot, passionate sex.
Now I can't wait for her to wear her sheer, white cowgirl blouse to a movie.