Copyright PennameWombat August 2019
The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This is my entry for theSummer Lovin 2019erotic story contest. Naturally it's set at a beach holiday resort. Beyond that you'll need to read the story.
Note: This story portrays activities of a sexual nature between people who have blood relations to each other. These portrayals do not occur between siblings nor do they directly involve parents and their adult offspring but they may still be uncomfortable for some readers.
Tags: Summer Loving, Anal sex, Exhibitionist, Wife sharing, Vibrator, Group, Double penetration, MMF, MMMF, Science Fiction
*****


Long Since Met


"Hey, mom," Ian said as he walked into the large, airy beach house that the families were renting for a joint summer vacation the first week of August, he heard laughter in the kitchen so turned to enter from the entry way, "lost track of time at beach soccer, sorry I'm la... oh, uh..."
He stopped short as he saw two pairs of feet in flip-flops attached to long, toned legs which met two sets of round and mostly exposed ass cheeks. At the top of each set of cheeks small triangles of cloth emerged from the cleft and joined thin straps that flowed above the shapely hips and around thinner waists. Above that two bare backs with his mother's light brown ponytail next to a head of loose strawberry blonde hair that just covered the nape of the neck. Ian's mouth dropped open as two female faces turned to him just before he saw their very round and barely contained breasts in bikini tops hardly more expansive than the barely-there bottoms.
"Ian, oh my god, you've grown SO MUCH," he recognised his cousin Angie as she stood next to his mom, both now faced him fully. Behind them were a variety of vegetables and other ingredients the two women had been working on for the planned late lunch.
"Oh, yeah, you've really grown," Angie's smile was broad and wicked as Ian watched her eyes settle down his body, "you must be so proud of him, Kimmy."
"He's my big boy, all grown up," Ian's mother said with a lilt and a laugh as the angle of her eyes matched her cousin's.
Ian realised both women's eyes were fixed on his crotch he looked down quickly. He'd doffed his sweaty jock and soccer shorts and slipped on thin board shorts that offered no resistance to the raging erection that he'd gained with the extreme views of skin offered by his very fit forty-something mother and cousin. He looked up, two sets of eyes danced and twinkled as they caught his.
"Drop that bag and come say hi to me properly, it's been YEARS since I saw you," Angie said as she stepped forward and put her arms out, Ian's brain froze but the slightest quirk of his mother's eyebrow gave him no quarter, he bent his knees slightly to drop his bag and stepped to meet Angie halfway. The woman threw her arms around his chest and pulled his body tightly against hers, she twisted slightly to press her hip against his prick as she nudged the hard shaft fully vertical and squeezed it between their bodies.
Her lips came level to his collarbone and she kissed the flesh over it covered with his dried sweat just above the neckline of his loose t-shirt. He moaned slightly as she rubbed her body against his cock.
"Cm'here, stinky," she said breathily as she bent her head back and reached her right arm up to press the back of his head, his mother's barely perceptible nod convinced him and he leaned his head forward. Her mouth was slightly open and she pressed his head firmly, his lips met hers softly and with growing pressure. Her tongue rubbed a circle around the insides of his lips before it found his tongue. His last resistance was broken when she nudged the head of his cock with her body and he felt her hardened nipples as they pressed against his chest. His tongue went on the attack and pushed hers back before she rallied. His arms went around the smooth skin of her back before he worked them down to grasp one taut ass cheek with each hand which caused her to rub with more determination against the raging shaft of his cock. Their breathing shared a ragged, choppy cadence.
"Hey, cuz," Ian heard his mother's voice, distant, soft, amused, "if you don't let him go Anna's gonna be stuck at the station, eh?"
Angie pressed Ian's head one more time and sucked hard at his mouth as she lifted her body onto her tiptoes and back down to give his cock one last rub to drive a last sharp inhale through his nose. She broke the kiss and moved her head a couple of inches but kept her body against his and locked her eyes on his.
"Hope you haven't forgotten your little cousin, Ian," her voice was husky but light, "it's been a while!"
"They were always so close, Angie," Kim said, her own voice a bit choppy, "I'm sure my boy and your little girl will remember each other."
Angie gave Ian one last squeeze then loosened her grip and he followed suit, she stepped back, looked down at his crotch again.
"Get going you," she said, "no time to change clothes. It's five hundred degrees out and everyone's sweaty as hell. She won't mind in the least. I'll text her that you're on the way and she should watch out for the tall and handsome young man with the large bulge in his blue shorts."
His response was stuck in his throat as she grabbed his shoulders and turned him, slapped him on the ass.
"Oh yeah, that's one fit ass," Angie said as she pushed him out, "go! You're late!"


At the Station


Ian's wrist buzzed as he pulled the electric runabout into the parking area at the train station. The rented beach house offered a couple of them as did most places since the tight and crowded roads of the peak summer crowds made anything larger impractical.
"Tilly, play," he said.
"Heard from Anna, train's just pulling in. I promised her a bulge so don't disappoint," the speaker in the dashboard delivered the text in a smooth alto but his mind still pictured Angela's slightly deeper voice. He chuckled at the directive but tried not to think too deeply on it, "coming in on platform B."
He stepped out of the vehicle as the quick charging nozzle rose and inserted itself into the port on the bottom. Both runabouts had seen steady use as the two families shopped and settled in for their two weeks in this semi-tropical little resort town and it had requested a bit of a feed. The grid had complied and Ian paid it little mind as he veered left to head to platform B.
How long had it been since he'd seen Anna? Five, no, six years. He'd been sixteen when her parents had moved to the other side of the world to take new jobs. That would've made Anna thirteen at the time. Although first cousins, their mothers had been closer than sisters and while the adult couples had met up a number of times this was the first time both full families had managed it. A few more families were due over the coming weekend for the largest gathering of the extended clan for as long as Ian could remember.
He saw a scrum of people around the entrance to the platform, could see the top of the slightly square train over the gathered heads. This was a spur line from the provincial capital just over a hundred miles south so the train wasn't one of the ultra-sleek hypersonic long distance models but he still admired the slick lines of it.
He passed a growing stream of laughing and happy people who'd either arrived as groups or had met their contacts here. He bobbed his head around to try and see Anna but hadn't yet set eyes on a solo young woman who'd fit the bill. He'd always remembered her hair blonder than her mother's strawberry tint but not the straw yellow of his most recent and unlamented ex-girlfriend.
The crowd thinned and he saw, was that her? Her right side faced him as she leaned over and spoke to a little girl who looked up, both faces held huge smiles as the girl's parents stood alongside and smiled. A broad sunhat on a head covered with hair that just wasn't quite red that obscured the rest of the face, long, bare legs clad in very short white shorts that emphasised her nice base tan, the curve of butt cheeks obvious below the lifted rear hems as she leaned. A sheer white blouse billowed over a cream tank top in the breeze.
She lifted her right hand and waved, had the gesture returned by the little girl and then her parents as they turned. The young woman stood and turned, Ian's eyes squinted for a moment but then he saw the left side of her face and he broke into a broad smile, sped his pace a bit.
Her eyes locked on him, her smile had been broad, it wavered a bit but her eyes picked up the joy. She left behind her little backpack on the concrete next to her roller bag and ran to replicate her mother's earlier embrace. The same height as her mother she turned her head to press the left side against his shoulder, her hat knocked off to hit the pavement behind her. He wrapped his arms around her torso.
"Ian," she said quickly, "it's so nice to see you!"
"You too, Anna," he kissed the top of her head, "sorry I'm stinky, came straight from beach soccer."
"Who cares," she inhaled deeply, "um, nice, just like I remember when we played soccer in the backyard."
She rubbed against him, the cock he'd managed to quiesce a bit reacted immediately. He knew Anna felt it as she pushed herself against it, he felt the bare skin of her thigh against his below his shorts.
"Oh, you ARE happy to see me," Anna cooed, "just like mom told me you would be."
"Well, um," Ian stammered, heard the soft laugh, "of course!"
She turned her head and leaned it back, kept her thigh pressed between his legs, he accepted his fate and pulled her tight, at least it helped prevent anyone else in the slowly thinning crowd from noticing. He looked down, saw ample cleavage revealed by the very low square cut of the tight tank top that just concealed the areolas.
He forced his eyes up, saw the tongue held between lips and teeth with mirthful eyes. He saw the flicker of her expression and her body tense as his view took in the port wine stain that covered her left cheek, forehead, temple and neck, but left her ear mostly uncovered. He bent his neck and touched his lips to that left cheek and kissed his way softly toward her neck and felt her tension shift back to a hug and she exhaled slowly as she leaned slightly into his kisses. It had deepened in color since they'd last met but it failed to detract from the perfect heart shape of her face, her round eyes, one grey and one green, that gave the sharp intelligence behind them such focus.
He moved his head, two sets of eyes locked.
"Let's get your stuff, get out of here," he said softly, "our moms are fixing a late lunch."
She kissed him quickly on the lips, backed off, her eyes glittered. She released him, stepped back and looked down, his eyes followed hers.
"Nice," she said, grabbed his hand and led him toward her bags. She grabbed her pack and he took the handle of her roller bag. His free hand still held by hers he led her to the runabout.
As they walked he caught eyes and then a raised eyebrow from an elegantly dressed woman clearly older than his mother as her gaze rose from his crotch. She glanced at Anna's smiling face and winked at him as he and Anna passed. Anna didn't notice.


At the Beach


"Aunt Kimmie," Anna squealed as her arms squeezed Ian's mom around the waist, the dark-haired woman returned the hug. Ian stood the bag up and caught Anna's mom's Angie's eyes again on his crotch. Anna had held his hand on the road from the station and rested it on his bare thigh, on a couple of turns she'd nudged his prick which had never allowed it to relax.
"I'm not your aunt," Kim said, as she kissed the girl quickly on the lips.
"I can't call you 'first cousin once-removed Kimmie' now, can I?"
"She's got you there, cuz," Angie said, "anyway, lunch is ready. Ian, take her bag up to the room while we put everything out on the patio."
"Hey, mom," Anna said as she grabbed her pack from the floor, "aren't the Rainsenders coming tomorrow?"
"Yeah, Howard and Sherry have the last bedroom, you and Ian will share with their two."
"I am NOT sharing with that little bitch Brittany," Anna said firmly, "put her and her little brother together, I can share with Ian. You told me all the beds here are king size! Come on, cuz, no reason to make me move, let's put all this in your room."
Ian looked first at his mother then at Angie, their expressions unreadable.
"Well, if Ian doesn't mind...," Kim said slowly as she looked at her son. He shrugged.
"Lead on," Anna said cheerily.
"This is all so fresh," Ian said as he ate an orange, murmured agreement from the three women.
"Dad wasted no time hitting the golf course," Anna said, "couldn't even wait for his loving daughter to arrive."
Her laugh and bright eyes belied the somber tone of the words, brought light laughter in response.
"He'll blame my Greg for dragging him off," said Kim, "but with the crowds you take what tee times you can get. Anna, how was your first year at university?"
"I'm going to study exobiology," Anna said, "I've always liked biology and stars and now that we know there's another planet with life it might be more than just theories and less math than Ian and his astrophysics. Cuz, do you have your little scope?"
"Yeah, I do," he said, "that star will be visible the next few nights, east over the ocean, after about 11 from here. The light restrictions for the whole town because of the sea turtle reserve north of here and no moons this week mean it'll be good viewing. If your mom will let you stay up."
"Like I could prevent her," Angie laughed.
"Hah," Anna snorted, "plenty of time to sleep in the grave! Anyway, c'mon, I want to go the beach. Everyone done?"
The four made quick work as they quickly food away and loaded the dishwasher.
"You two go get your suits," Kim said to Anna and Ian, "we've get some towels ready, there are bottles of water and soda and beer in the ice chest."
"I don't want to dig mine out," Anna said, as she looked Kim and her mom up and down, "let's go to the nude beach. You two are almost there anyway with those suits. Get the 'esky' cuz, I heard one of my classmates call it that. After 'eskimo' she said!
Anna's expression brooked no objections as she took an armful of towels from Kim and set off.
"The joys of language," Angie said, as Ian took the handle of the ice chest and pulled it along on its wheels.
They saw Anna tap the sign at the entrance to the beach, which was partially obscured by a slight hillock.
'Nude Beach. All ages allowed. All bathers must be totally nude, photos by agreement only. No spectators.'
"She told me all winter how much she was looking forward to this vacation," Angie told Kim and Ian as they trailed Anna onto the beach. They saw a volleyball game in progress, people in the gentle surf and and dozens if not a couple of hundred sunbathers. But the beach still offered enough open space for a group their size.
"She's the one who wanted to go to a university so far north," Kim laughed, "something about an environment most like another planet, didn't she say?"
"Yup," Angie confirmed as they watched her open out her towel on a spot large enough for them all, "got the 'esky' there, Ian?"
"Not a problem," he pulled it along on wide tires, "it's built for this."
They pulled alongside Anna's blanket. The young woman had already shrugged off her thin blouse and had just pulled off her tank. Her large and round breasts were a match for her mother in size but for now lacked the near thirty years of gravity's extra efforts that slightly affected the older woman's. Ian thought of puppies and boring sports and anything else to control his prick as Anna slid her tiny shorts and g-string down her long legs. She kicked off her sneakers and stood naked, their mothers so far only topless.
"C'mon Ian," she implored, "surf's waiting."
His shirt already off to show his firm abs and chest, he kicked his own sneakers off and took a deep breath. He shoved his shorts down and stepped forward as soon as they hit the blanket. Anna grabbed his hand and took off at a run.
As with most bathers, the loophole that said their wristlet didn't count as clothing meant they'd all keep theirs on. The other loophole was sand shoes but while the sand was warm it wasn't yet unwalkable.
"I'll text Greg," said Kim to the disappearing pair, "they should be here about an hour..."
Anna led Ian into the surf and they both dove into an oncoming wave. Ian liked this beach for two key reasons, it had no rip tide and it dropped off quickly past the low tide line which meant they were soon in deep water. Both of them had swam competitively so neither had any hesitation and she led him well out into deep water, twenty or thirty yards beyond almost anyone else.
Ian went vertical and popped his head above the surface just as Anna did likewise and crashed into him. His arm went around her torso and she grabbed his hand and pulled it against her right tit. He felt the erect nipple and then felt her hip grind into his crotch. His cock stiffened immediately.
His brain shrugged and his fingers moved to caress the nipple as she pushed his erection vertical and rubbed it with her hip. She turned her head and kissed him hard on the lips for five, six seconds then put both hands against his chest and pushed herself. She did a backward dive and hit the water smoothly.
He blinked his eyes, tried to find her, the water's surface rippled slightly from her dive but revealed nothing more. He continued to tread water and spin slowly when hands grabbed his hips and turned him. He gasped as lips engulfed his rampant prick, the mouth sucked two-thirds of it in. Not just from the beach but from experience he knew he was no slouch in size, that was an impressive suck. Especially now.
He put his hands on shoulders with little idea what else to do. His cousin was giving him an underwater blowjob and he'd never felt anything so good. But he was conflicted. He and Anna had practically been siblings until she'd moved.
But this. Was. Exquisite.
His breath had just started to go ragged when his prick was released and a head of water slicked blonde-red hair broke the surface. Her pale cheek was flushed and her stain was deep red around that bright green eye. Her hands gripped and stroked his cock. He held her shoulder with one hand and used the other to tweak each of her very erect nipples in turn.
"My mom passed on that you and your last girlfriend had some issues," Anna said softly, then her voice went husky, "not such a good time lately myself..."
"I can't believe that," he replied, the words separated by slight pauses, "who was it? I'll thrash him..."
"I'd rather you thrash me," she raised the eyebrow to ripple the stained flesh, he smiled as he caught her intent. He pulled her slightly closer and push his hand down her flat abdomen and through the small tuft of hair he knew was a few shades redder than the hair on her head. Her breath caught as his fingers scissored the already-erect flesh above her slit. Her hands stroked his cock in return.
"I've dreamed of this...," her voice was so soft he barely heard her, he pulled her closer as they continued to work each other's hard flesh.
"Me too...," he said back as he kissed her stained forehead.
"I have something I need to tell everyone this week," she said, her eyes showed worry, but he kissed her lightly again, "will you support me?"
"Wha—," but she squeezed his prick hard and her eyes asked him to stop, "ok, I trust you."
She smiled as her face relaxed, then her tongue pushed slightly through her lips.
"This swell," she said as they bobbed between the waves, their busy hands hidden from sight, "no one can see—,"
He didn't let her finish, pushed his mouth onto hers. Her mouth pushed open and her tongue pressed against his. He felt one hard nipple against his chest as he used one hand to grab her tight ass cheek as his other stroked her clit and just touched the top of her slit. Her hands worked his shaft and its pulsating head.
He lost track of time before he puffed into her mouth and she made sounds of encouragement without separating her mouth from his. His cock reached its maximum before a spasm rippled through his flesh and he loosed a stream of seed into the ocean like what he'd seen coral do. She kneaded two more shots from his prick before he moaned and she stopped and held his flesh. He paused and she kissed him hard and he resumed his own work. A few heartbeats later it was her turn as her legs jerked up and her body shook. She let him continue for two more heartbeats before she put a hand on his to hold his hand still. They separated their mouths and looked at each other, eyes heavy lidded.
"Think you can be seen on the beach now," she smiled at him, "keep that thing under control for a while? Just for a while..."
"Yeah," he laughed, "I won't be considered a rude boy, for now at least."
She kissed him quickly and released him.
"C'mon, race you to the turtle buoy, then back," she pushed off and hit a fast freestyle stroke going north parallel to the beach toward the area reserved for the sea turtles.
"Hey," he yelled before he saved his breath and swam after her.


That Star


"Lining it up," Ian said as he tapped on his padlet and the tiny motor on his six inch telescope lifted and rotated slightly as it sat on its tripod anchored into firm ground on the little grassy mound. The Arch of stars that crossed the sky from their left was vibrant and glittered madly in the tiny ripples of the ocean's surface.
"It's great no moonlight but it's humid and still," he said as he looked into the eyepiece, "gonna be a slight fuzz."
The moonless night and the rigidly controlled lights of the resort and town left the night so dark that the slight haze of humidity highlighted shadows from the starshine on their chosen mound.
"Whatever," he heard her voice, soft and slow, "girlfriend and I went out, think we found it. 'To the right of the Arch and between two red stars.'"
She rubbed his back as she spoke through the tissue thin cloth of his shirt, her other hand on his bare arm.
"It's just about 5 magnitude, visible if you know where to look," he said as he straightened, "got it here. Right in the center, the red stars are top and bottom of this view."
He stepped slightly aside and she shifted and bent to the scope. Her own tissue thin dress clung to her figure, her breasts would've been visible had there been enough light. He put his hand lightly on her back and she purred as he slid it downwards.
"Oh, wow," she said, "it's so yellow."
"Yeah," he said, "and more UV."
She reached without removing her eye, found his bare thigh. Her fingernails rose on his flesh, he reacted by pushing his hand down her back. He found the hem of her very short dress had risen to expose half of her cute, bare, round ass, her fingers found the bottom of his shorts, one pushed further, found the tip of his reactive prick. He slid his hand around the curve of her bare flesh, she shifted to spread her legs but kept her eye and one hand on the scope, her other hand circled the rigid head of his prick with her fingers.
He pushed his finger along the cleft and quickly teased her rear entrance, she shimmied her ass quickly. His finger resumed its journey and found the moisture already present at the end of her slit. He pushed further and his middle finger followed the slick trail into her opening and heard her hum. She pushed her hips back to draw his finger deeper into herself as he worked it in a circle against the inside of her vulva while two more fingers kneaded her lips as the puffed slowly.
"Have you seen the pictures," Anna's voice was low and husky, "they look so..."
"Familiar," Ian continued, his own breath short, "well, to me. You're the biologist."
"They are," she confirmed, "I'm gonna meet them..."
That gave him a slight pause, he considered his response when he heard a slight breath or cough behind them. He froze his hand but tried not to move it too quickly, felt Anna's flesh tense slightly. She'd heard it too. His finger left her body and he slid it slowly upwards as she stood slowly and turned her torso.
There was a shape behind them, the shape glimmered slightly in the starshine.
"Oh, sorry," a voice, deep, but still a woman's voice, "didn't mean to startle you..."
A soft glow appeared from her wristlet as she held her left arm across her chest, softly illuminated her upper chest and face in a reddish glow to save all of their night vision.
"Vanessa," she said, "Vanessa Nightseeker. I saw you had a telescope, are you looking at that star?"
She lowered her wrist, before it went dark he saw she held a pair of very high, silvery strappy heels in her other hand and stood on the grassy mound in bare feet. Ian returned her gesture with his right hand, a soft command illuminated his wristlet as Anna followed suit a second later.
"Ian Flowerday," he said.
"Anna Lightbringer," her voice slightly rough as she and Ian turned to stand side by side as they faced Vanessa. She was older than their parents it seemed, her dark hair cut in a fashionable long bob. Her gown was some sort of shimmering material with a deep vee that showed the swell of each breast and well tanned skin with only the slightest crinkle.
"I was just looking at it," Anna said as Vanessa approached, "it's so neat..."
"It's right in the center," Ian said, as they split to allow Vanessa to step to the scope, "well, moved up and left a smidgen, between the two red ones."
"Thanks," she stepped toward the scope, Ian reacted as she seemed to stumble ever so slightly, he felt firm flesh of her back and shoulder, she put her hand on his waist, he heard the slightest sniff from Anna. She steadied but kept her hand on his waist as she bent to the eyepiece.
"The yellow one?"
"Yes," Ian's answer, "that's it. You like stargazing?"
"Not really," she said, "never thought much about it. But I'm a linguist, I've seen the pictures they just released. They obviously have languages, they have cities, ships... Must talk, have languages. Wish we could get recordings."
"We will," Anna said firmly, Ian tilted his head at the tone but Vanessa's wristlet chirped very softly. The older woman sighed as she stood. She shifted slightly to bring Anna into contact as a trio.
"I do remember you two," Vanessa said, "you're the couple I saw at the station."
"Oh, yeah," that had triggered Ian's memory. Yes. He'd noticed the look.
"You're here with families or on your own?"
"Our families," Anna said, her tone guarded but then she went into a lilt, "more coming in tomorrow. Be a real fluster cluck by the end!"
Vanessa laughed.
"Well, both of you," she said softly, held her wristlet in invitation, "if you want to get away for a bit and want an excuse, say you're keeping an old woman company. I'm here until middle of next week."
First Ian then Anna tapped their wristlets to trade contact info, caught eyes with looks that they just might want that.
"Thanks for the view," Vanessa said with a tone that implied more than just the star, she leaned, was met with a quick kiss from each, "must run."
They slid to stand together as they watched the shimmer of her shapely ass disappear into the dark. They slid an arm around each other.
"That was interesting," Anna said, "you know her?"
"No, she'd caught my eye at the station, saw my, um..."
"She saw this," Anna said as she twisted and used her free hand to find the erection that had ebbed to half staff at the surprise meeting, it recovered quickly as she caressed it, "your very own Mrs. Robinsong. Might have investment advice for you..."
"You have a dirty mind," he squeezed her ass, reached up to knead a breast, "she's just interested in my sparkling conversational skills... And she invited both of us..."
Anna snorted, then she nudged him to get him to tilt his head and put her mouth to his ear.
"She's flexible. Admirable. Speaking of using ones mouth," her voice was rough, "want me to finish something I started earlier today? It's after midnight, the old people will be asleep..."
His cock jumped, she gripped it tightly through the cloth. He twisted his head, kissed her quickly, pulled back before gravity drew them back, their mouths open and their tongues slow and hard against each other.
"Let me get the scope," he said.


The Deck


"I'm so happy our moms rejiggered the housing," Anna said as they neared the house, an arm around each other as Ian carried his scope and tripod in a case, "got that nightmare Brittany out."
"What's your brother's fiancé like," Ian said, "since they'll be here tomorrow. Uncles Harold and Phil get the last room, they're cool, I like them."
"Me too, them, but about my brother," Anna's voice reticent, "none of us have met her! It's been, um, kind of sudden."
"Shit, that's... wild. He's always been so—"
"A stick in the mud, you mean," Anna laughed, "so vanilla he could flavour cakes!"
That got Ian to laugh as well. Then he stopped them, quickly said 'sshhh...'
"Wha...," Anna started but obeyed.
"Let's sneak this way, step quietly," he whispered to her as he indicated a partially hidden walkway that Anna was pretty sure went to the back of the large house they were renting and its oversized back patio slash deck. She saw light, a soft glow, through the high shrubs that lined the walkway and were taller even than Ian.
A few steps in she heard a voice, finally recognised it as her mother's. A tone she had no memory of ever hearing, deep, husky, commanding... Ian led her around a bend and pulled her to a halt. It took every fibre to not gasp at the sight and the sounds.
"Shove that big dick down her throat," Anna's mother Angie used her padlet as a camera and directed her husband Ken as he knelt on the mattress they'd laid out on the patio, "suck it Kimmy!"
In keeping with the resort's rules the patio was only dimly lit but Ian knew the padlet's camera and software could make the video look like high noon if Angie so chose. He felt Anna tense, glanced, saw in the light glow her gaped mouth as her dad shoved his stiff shaft down Ian's mother's mouth. Kim was on her hands and knees side on to Ian and Anna's view.
"C'mon, Greg, fuck that slut's cunt hard," he obeyed and shoved forward and forced a squelch from his wife's apparently sopping slit. They could hear her moans as she was spitted front and rear.
Angie walked slowly around the trio as she tapped her screen. In a quiet moment Ian heard a buzz from the scene.
"Show me your cock," the director ordered her husband, he pulled it from Kim's mouth and saliva dripped from. Kim gasped and drooled, sucked in a deep breath. He pushed it back in as her cheeks and tongue visibly worked it anew. Anna's breath quickened slightly, she pushed her hand down Ian's stomach and worked it inside his waistband. A moment later she found his hard flesh and wrapped it.
Suddenly they saw Kim's body flex, her back arched as both men sank the full lengths of their rigid pricks into her.
"Hold, boys," Angie said and both men held still as Kim spammed repeatedly as the standing woman poked at her padlet, finally she went still.
"Out," a quiet command, the men used their hands to steady Kim as the withdrew, their hard cocks dripped with the woman's juices. She panted deeply and rolled onto her back, reached between her legs and hefted a small device.
"This... fucking... vibrator...," she said between deep pants, "you... bitch..."
Angie laughed softly. Both men knelt in place, their dicks quivered in time with heartbeats that showed little slowdown. Kim slowly rolled, put her arm up and her husband helped her stand. Her legs took a second to steady.
"Trade," she held out the vibrator and Angie took it as she handed over the padlet, the dark-haired woman pointed it at Angie, "get that thing on. Then, tell me. Which of these big, hard men do you want up your ass?"
"My husband gets it all the time," Ian almost moaned as Anna's reflex squeezed his own cock, "so I'm guessing your husband needs it more..."
"Hah, slut, ok, Ken, on your back," Kim said, as the man obeyed, "get that thing buried up your wife's hole."
She straddled her husband and pushed his flesh into her body, Ian and Anna saw Kim tap the padlet screen as she stepped to the table, Angie's head jerked. Kim grabbed a small bottle and tossed it to her husband.
"Assume the position, sacrifice," Angie's faraway face stuck its tongue out at the order but she bent over. Greg squeezed lube onto his fingers and worked them into the woman's asshole as Ken used his legs to slowly pump his prick in and out of her. Greg slathered his cock with a further squirt of lube and slid forward. Kim moved to capture his slow insertion into the prone woman's ass and the light buzz of the vibrator was muffled.
Once he was fully buried he and Ken took a few strokes to work out a complementary rhythm as Angie's head bobbed and she moaned.
"One more cock," Kim said in a husky voice, "and we could get you good and airtight... You'd love to suck my little boy's cock, wouldn't you, whore?"
"He's... not... so... little... anymore...," Angie panted, Ian's cock jumped and he had to stifle a groan as Anna jerked his flesh hard at that, her free hand went to her mouth to stifle her own sound, "you saw that bulge... him with my baby girl..."
"That baby girl is a beauty, grown and ripe," Kim's husk, "so nice to see them together..."
Anna and Ian looked at each other, then back at the scene. She'd loosened her grip to allow her to slowly stroke his cock. He slid his hand back down to her barely covered ass. He nodded his head an inch, her smile broadened. He led them the way they'd come, turned to the front of the house.
"Our room's at the front, they'll never notice us," Anna said as she led Ian like he was the little toy telephone she'd pulled around as a child. He pushed the door to their room closed as softly as he could and set his scope case down, a side lamp had detected their entry and bathed the room in a soft glow. She spun him by his shoulders and pushed him backwards as pushed his shorts down to free his erection. She pushed him hard and he landed on his back on the king size bed, his erect cock pulsated. Anna lifted her dress over her head and used her toes to push her shoes off to stand naked. Her firm round tits heaved and her green eye was vibrant and surrounded by red as he'd ever seen it. She walked to the dresser and grabbed her own padlet as he pulled his shirt off and tossed it on the floor, pushed his shoes off and slid onto the bed. She joined him, tapped the screen and handed it to him.
"I liked the idea, get us on film," she said before she pushed her mouth over his prick, swallowed half as she looked at him. He rotated the screen to catch his look of pleasure and onto her beaming face, as her mouth moved up and down on his cock, She stopped with just the head behind her lips and swirled her tongue, found the opening and pushed the tip against it. He moaned as he caught it all. She quit teasing and swallowed almost his entire shaft, her cheeks and tongue massaged it.
"Oh, fuck," his eyes closed as his neck bent back as he tried to keep the padlet steady as Anna pumped his rod in and out of her mouth. Even with his release in the ocean the constant stimulation of the day had its effect, "ah... ah... I can't..."
She stopped pumping with him half in her mouth and sucked firmly, His first shot hit the back of her throat hard, the next few spurts ever shorter on her tongue. She worked it all down her throat and released him, a thread of saliva and cum connected her lips and the tip of his prick and trailed down her chin. She reached and took the padlet, shifted her body and straddled his chest as she placed her wet pussy onto his face.
"Now," she used a voice familiar to many as the host of decades of well known nature documentaries, she couldn't match his baritone but she had the cadence perfect, "the horny freshman college coed hopes her efforts will be rewarded and the virile young man won't just fall asleep after the best blow job of his life."
She lifted her crotch to his 'mmnnfff.'
"You said?" She put the camera on him.
"Definitely top three," he said with a twinkle, "bu--"
She pushed her clit hard into his mouth and shut him up, shimmed her hips as his tongue split her lips then pushed in.
"As the male had nothing useful to say, his mouth is put to better use. Let's see if he can make top ten," she panted.
An hour later they snuggled together, their bodies soaked in sweat despite the open window and the ceiling fan's efforts.
"That fuck was top two," she purred as she recorded their streaked faces, hair matted and sticky.
"No way that Bobby Redangel was better than me," he said firmly.
"Not that dork," she laughed, "I was thinking of my most recent decent boyfriend, the package called him the 'Big Orange Intruder,'"
His eyes crinkled before they both laughed. Her hand stroked his cock, it showed it had more life in it yet.
"Get your padlet and your tripod, ok?"
He gave her a quizzical look as her hand stroked his gooey shaft as it hardened. Then he shrugged and hopped off the bed and went to his pack and retrieved the requested items. He stood at the side of the bed as she rolled over and knelt on the bed.
"I'm a virgin, kinda," she said to his raised eyebrow, "you know..."
He smiled, nodded. Knew what she meant.
"My friend Alicia showed me her video," Anna said as she nodded her head behind her, "split screen, you hold one. Back there. The other on my face as I moan in pain and misery as you split me open for the first time with the huge rod of yours. Then we edit."
The huge rod jumped at that.
"You have anything we can use, you know, like our parents?"
He nodded, stepped to his little toiletry back, pulled out a small plastic bottle.
"Keep this handy, just in case," he said.
"Mostly just to rub one out," she smirked. His expression didn't contradict her point. She dropped, pulled all of the pillows under her chest and chin as he set up his padlet on the tripod, adjusted it to center her face. He knew the kind of video she described, they'd edit it together later.
He took the lube and knelt behind her. Squeezed out lube and rubbed it around her back door before he pushed a finger in. Unlike his cousin he wasn't a virgin at this but it had been fewer than a handful of times. He knew enough to work first one finger then a second into her butt. She wiggled her hips and made a satisfied sound in her throat, he saw her eyes on the tripod mounted camera as he used the other to capture the work his fingers did.
"And now," Anna's voice again the narrator's as her head was turned slightly to the right to face the camera, "her lover is about to penetrate the sweet young thing's heretofore innocent and pure rear entrance with his rampant manhood..."
He sniffed, withdrew his fingers and used them to slicken his prick thoroughly. He dropped the bottle and moved forward until he'd pushed just the tip into the puckered opening.
"It's the moment of truth for the innocent girl," she maintained her scholarly tone, "she can... feel... it... as... it..."
Her mouth went into a wide O as her visible, grey eye closed. He pushed his cock slowly in, saw the head disappear past her very tight ring. Wow. This was beyond most anything he'd ever felt.
"Is it all...," her voice almost but not quite the narrator's, "all in?"
"Was barely half," he grunted, the pressure incredible, he pulled back to leave only the head in as he recorded his view, squeezed more lube on before he dropped the bottle again and spread it then pushed, "now half again. More?"
"The brutalised young woman wants more, wants it all," the nature documentarian back as Ian slowly pumped only half of himself into her then back, "but not yet. Her lover is terrible, a force of nature, but considerate. He will work her anus until it's ready to welcome the entirety of his considerable manhood."
She buried her face in the pillow pile, moaned, turned back.
"Oh, shit..., that's so... oh..., we'll edit this out. I gotta find out where my slut mother got that tiny vibe. Oh hell, fuck me."
"You should feel this," Ian groaned, "you are so tight..."
"Keep with the lube," she said, moaned, pushed her hips back at him to force an additional portion of flesh into her body. Ian admired her composure as that grey eye again focused on the screen. His prick twitched in hopes of seeing her full face in the video. He gained a tiny increment of speed and depth with each additional stroke into the very tight, very hot young asshole.
"The horny young woman's ass is on fire," the narrator intoned, "her lover impales her deeper on... oh, ah... oh, each stroke. She.. wants... it... all..."
At that she turned her head slightly more, he saw the crinkled skin from scrunched muscles around that grey eye, she stuck her tongue out as she groaned and panted. He pushed firmly ahead and she pushed and he his pelvis flesh met her round ass, every inch of himself inserted. He stopped, felt her muscles ripple slightly.
"Fuck, fuck... fuckity," she put her forehead on the pillow, looked up at the camera, "she will remember this moment her whole life. Wherever that life takes her. Now, lover, pump!"
He obeyed, pulled out until he could just see the rear of the ring of the large head, used one last squeeze of lube and shoved himself back to full depth. Her eye closed and her neck arched back, she let out a wordless moan. He pulled back and on the next attack felt her hips move in synch.


The Big Saturday


Ian stirred when he heard a light knock on the door. He blinked his eyes as a head of red-blonde hair stirred next to him but simply snuggled closer on her right side, the stained skin now pale red. The thin sheet covered them only to mid-thighs. Before he could speak he saw the door open slowly and Angie sidled into the room before she pushed the door to quietly click closed again.
The sun was obviously up, the room well lit despite the heavy, drawn blinds. Angie's hair, redder than her daughter's and cut shorter, was damp, washed, brushed, not much else. His eyes widened slightly as he took in the shift she wore, it was all but transparent and covered only the top third of her nice thighs. Although 'covered' at all was a misnomer. Her breasts were the same size as Anna's but had just a hint of sag to them.
Anna would be happy about that. Angie's eyes caught Ian's and she smiled broadly but touched her lips in a 'shush' motion before she closed her eyes and he watched her chest expand as she took a deep, deep breath and held it. Her smile went even broader and open mouthed.
"Hey, sleepyheads," she said as she stepped to the bed, her eyes on Ian's cock as it twitched, then she rubbed her daughter's shoulder and back, "time to get up."
"Oh, hey, mom," Anna said as she turned her head a bit, green eye open as a slit, "what time is it?"
"It's 8:30, but you two are going golfing," she sat on the side of the bed next to Anna, saw the girl's eye was closed and quickly caressed Ian's cock, it woke up quickly and completely.
"If you're going to wake that up," the girl said, eyes still closed, "you can take care of it!"
But she smiled as she said it, her hand joined her mother's.
"Golfing?" Ian asked.
"Greg and Ken have a 10:30 tee time at that links course south of here, they want you two to make a foursome. Otherwise, they'll get stuck with a couple of duffers like yesterday."
"That course is world famous," Ian said, "why would you come here without booking ahead? Hang out and hope to get in?"
"That's why they want you two," Anna had rolled a bit, but her and Angie both still stroked Ian's cock, "you're both good enough golfers and yesterday they got stuck with a pain in the ass husband and wife who spent the day arguing. When they weren't cheating."
"I'm better than dad," Anna huffed proudly, "but did you bring my clubs? I didn't take them to school. We had, um, winter for lots of the school year!"
"Rent 'em at the clubhouse," Angie said as she gave Ian a final squeeze, "jump in the shower, but be quick about it, breakfast almost ready. Everyone else be here in the afternoon and we're doing the big BBQ tonight."
She stood, opened the door and winked as she stepped out and pulled the door closed. Her 'be quick' admonition was meant seriously. Ian knew it was a forty-five minute drive to the course and the men wouldn't brook being late and losing their slot. Anna turned quickly and tapped the paused padlet.
"The sad, aged and wrinkling queen of the pride," her narration picked up anew as she swept the padlet's view down their bodies to where her other hand wrapped the base of his erection, "has left this virile young male in a perilous state as in a jealous pique she's ordered her ripe and luscious daughter to attend to other duties rather than to relieve him of this burden."
"Wrinkling...," Ian said with a chuckle.
She gave his prick a last squeeze then moved the camera back to her face.
"This is our natural world, long may it thrive," she tapped the screen with the familiar phrase and it went dark, slid off the bed, "c'mon, you, scrub my back and maybe I can give this a quick..."
"Shit," Ian heard the word in his dad Greg's soft exhale to his left. Both males shifted their feet nervously as they stood just off of the seventh green. The manicured bits of fairway and greens weaved amongst small sandy dunes on which grew straggly grass that made artificial traps unnecessary. A light breeze blew off of the ocean behind them and exposed the entirety of Anna's round ass and the pink lips between her legs as it blew her white skirt up.
She'd bent at the waist and reached into the cup to retrieve her ball as her dad Ken held the flag to her right. Her tiny skirt at best only pretended to cover her ass and pussy and she'd stated her refusal to wear underwear was legal, indeed, no one knew of any rule requiring it be worn. She'd claimed the boys could do the same, although if that made it hard to swing their clubs, well, that was their problem. The wind ruffled her short ponytail and most of her back was revealed, covered only by the thin strap of her halter type sports bra. She stood and turned to look at the pair. Her deep pink nipples were just visible through the white material that had gained transparency as it soaked up sweat.
"That's four, Uncle Greg," she said chirpily to the scorekeeper as Ken replaced the flag, "that's par. If you all just concede now we can get to the pub sooner."
"It's not over until it's over, baby girl, not even halfway," her dad said, "couple of lucky shots..."
She snorted loudly, she and Ian hefted their rented bags which had a minimum of clubs while the better equipped bags of their dads used pull carts. Kim and Angie had made clear that their husbands could play as much golf as they wanted on this vacation but no riding carts, pull were okay. Both men, and their wives, worked at keeping fit so the challenge laid, they'd forged ahead.
"Here, Ian, you add it," Greg tossed the scorecard to his son who sat across him at the high table in the clubhouse pub. The younger man liked this use of paper and pencil, a feeling apparently common. A developer had bet big on his golf scoring app for the ubiquitous wristlets. It offered distance measurements if you used the camera and could maintain your history to recommend 'you did better with the 3 iron not the 4 from this distance two months ago' advice.
It had failed to sell. He couldn't even give it away it turned out. There wasn't a golf course on the planet that didn't still have a pile of paper scorecards and the little pencils at the ready.
"I already did...," Ian replied.
"Yup," the jaunty voice to his right said as she held her beer high then raised her voice, "this little girl beat these big strong men today. And she used the men's tees!"
Those nearest their table, mostly men Ian had already noticed had admired her as she sat on the high stool-like chair, her bare legs fully visible. Even though those legs were crossed at the moment she'd moved them a few times and more than one viewer had a view to dream about that and future nights. Three cheers filled the room as Anna smiled and held her glass high, her three companions bowed their heads and sighed before her mood prevailed and they tapped glasses and drank.
"We better get going," Ken said as his eyes refocused on them, he'd had the universal look as his wristlet relayed a message into his ear implant, "Angie and Kim sent a few additional items to the list we need to pick up on the way back."
"Apparently," he continued as he looked at Anna, "your brother's fiancé offered to whip up some special dessert but there's not a kiwifruit to be found in the little shops there Angie says."
"What's a kiwifruit?" Ian's question served for all of them, blank stares returned, followed by shrugs and they drained their glasses. His cock had felt constrained all day in his briefs as he'd watched Anna, it twitched as he watched the watchers as she slid slowly off the high stool and made no effort to keep her legs together before she stood, her skirt provided only the absolute minimum of modesty demanded by the clubhouse. She received a cheer and half turned and waved as the four left, she whipped her hips to cause her skirt to fly just as she exited to a last cheer. He smiled as he heard her wristlet in an almost constant stuttered vibrato until they were halfway to the runabout.
"I love the sound of rejected contacts in the afternoon," she said quietly before she and Ian laughed.
"I could see it in your face," Umbra said to Anna as she and Ian stood near the edge of the back patio, knots of people wandered with drinks after most of the BBQ had been eaten, "when you heard the Rainsenders weren't coming. Your brother isn't their biggest fan either, he didn't say in so many words but it was clear."
Anna sighed.
"I think it's more the heterochromia than the stain," Anna said after a moment, "but I'm used to people reacting. If the little ones make a scene, mostly parents try to teach them. But not those two, they just let little Brittany think I'm a freak."
Ian saw the fury flash in her eyes but it settled quickly. He had no memory of it but his mother had told him when Angie and Ken had first brought her over as a baby he'd been just three and had sat next to her and touched the stained cheek, then his own, then had smiled and the baby had smiled back and they'd laughed together. Until her family moved a dozen years later they were inseparable and no one dared hassle her lest they incur the wrath of the tall, strong and popular young man. He was certain she'd gone into biology to better understand her own body as well as others so it was no wonder she seemed obsessed with the new planet and its inhabitants.
"At least Uncle Harold had some friends who could use the house," Ian shifted the subject subtly, "so no one loses any money on it."
"That makes two golden linings," Anna said, her glance a silent thanks to him, "so, Umbra, you're a historian of, what, war? For real?"
Ian shared Anna's curiosity but this had been the first chance they'd had alone with this woman. She was well shorter than both of them and had dark brown hair cut short and buff complexion that was natural and not a tan. Her accent, or more accurately from their point of view her lack of an accent, didn't help them place her history. Unlike the other three women's transparent and very short billowing shifts meant to tease she wore loose but opaque pants and a sleeveless button-down blouse. Like the taller women her stomach was flat but she lacked their round and large breasts and hips. The contrast with her fiance Brad, his skin pale and his hair reddish like his mother's, his height between Anna's and Ian's and his build broad like his father, was striking. She had an intensity in her gaze but they'd also seen her soft and kind looks at Anna's brother so they took their pairing as genuine if yet somewhat unexplained.
In keeping with the discussion Anna and Ian had about him his clothes matched Umbra's with the exception of the short sleeves on his shirt. The other mean all wore translucent loose pants that offered a gauge on how affected they were by the women at any time as well as sleeveless shirts or tank tops. The little port town around which the resort had grown had a Saturday tradition of all-white clothes and all present had hewed to that tradition although a couple of Harold and Phil's friends who'd taken advantage of the Rainsenders' absence had added colorful silk scarves that bent but didn't break the rule.
The spacious back patio was well-shaded even in full daylight but with the sun itself having just set, the sky glowed red and cast a pinkish glow on everyone's white clothing. That along with the still and humid air and only barely-concealed flesh meant a miasma of pheromones strengthened around the patios.
"Associate professor of History of War and Conflict," Umbra said in a blaise tone that belied the seriousness of the words, "it's always been an interest and well, not too much competition."
"Can't be that many positions though?" Ian asked, "We had the required studies in high school and even us physics majors have to do liberal arts that covers it, but seems like it wasn't anyone's pure specialty?"
Anna nodded at Ian, turned her gaze back to Umbra. The woman was a decade older than her fiancé but only her eyes seemed to carry those years.
"Sure," the shorter woman admitted, "but there are a few of us who keep the study going and we provide the material for those classes. And the governments talk to us. It's not just DURING a war that's of issue, almost more important is understanding what leads up to it."
"And since we've confirmed without much doubt we have neighbors," Anna added briskly, "and they don't seem all that peaceable..."
"Thirty two light years isn't that close," Ian said, both women looked firmly at him, "but yeah, they're developing quite fast. Might work out soon they're not alone..."
The moment of silence was broken by Kim as she approached.
"Umbra," three heads turned, "Harold and Phil and their friends will be leaving soon. Should we get your dessert out here so everyone can try it?"
The dark-haired woman smiled, nodded.
"Excuse me, you two," Umbra said to Ian and Anna, "I'll hurry and finish it up."
She and Kim went to the large open sliding door into the house.
"I remember when I was in junior high," Anna said quietly as she sidled to stand next to Ian and took his left hand with her right, "we learned about the space telescope all those years ago that found that world, saw the spectrum that looked like it had to have life. That convinced me to study biology, so I could hopefully study that world. I always so enjoyed it when you talked about stars and planets and your telescopes..."
She smiled as she looked at him, he squeezed her hand and pulled her closer. They saw Umbra emerge from the house with a large tray, Kim followed as the woman set the tray on the large patio table.
"Attention," Kim said in a voice loud enough to silence multiple conversations, "I'll let Umbra explain what this is then we'll dig in before our other guests have to leave."
"That's what kiwifruits look like all cut up," Anna whispered into Ian's ear as they joined the loose circle that eyed the offering. It was a large, round, white mound of some confection, topped with whipped white cream and covered with sliced bananas and what must've been the green-red rings of sliced kiwifruits that the golfing foursome had gone to some effort to locate on their journey home.
"It's called a pavlova," Umbra said, caught Brad's eye and he smiled at her, "it's whipped egg whites and sugar on the bottom and I baked that, lots of whipped cream and then the bananas and kiwifruit."
There were plenty of murmurs of appreciation.
"Angie said she'll make her special chocolate custard tomorrow," Umbra continued, "with all the egg yolks I left behind."
They all glanced at Angie as she smiled and nodded, Ian made an audible 'yum' that drew a few chuckles.
"I know where she wants to lick that custard from," Anna stood on tiptoe and whispered directly in Ian's ear as her fingers brushed his half-erect cock through the thin fabric that covered it but did little to dissuade it from making itself known, "sad, aging, wrinkled queen..."
She bit his earlobe as his eyes saw Angie's eyes on them, everyone else eyed the pavlova as Umbra handed Brad a knife and Kim held a stack of dessert plates.
"Bye, Uncle Phil, Uncle Harold," Anna hugged the men in turn after they'd all made the pavlova disappear, "see you tomorrow!"
"You're so beautiful, Anna," Harold said, "my little sister raved about you all afternoon!"
Anna's pale cheek flushed and her stain darkened, she bit her lower lip. She hadn't seen Kim's older brother and his husband in years. Their age showed in some grey hairs and deep wrinkles around their eyes, but they were otherwise still hale.
"You too, nephew," Harold hugged Ian before he and Phil turned and followed their friends through the gate behind which Ian and Anna had spied on their parents' antics the night before. As they watched the men disappear Ian pulled the gate closed and wondered about what they'd witnessed. He'd overheard enough growing up that he had finally put those thoughts together in recent years to know it wasn't the first time but he had no idea if it had been going on when he and Anna had been children. But he thought that likely, the couples had met up over the years since but last night was just so, well, it was clear they were very familiar and comfortable as a group. That didn't happen overnight.
Anna pulled his arm across her shoulder before she slipped hers around his waist. He caught Umbra's unreadable expression before she turned quickly to approach Brad. The sky had darkened to the deep crimson which meant full dark was only minutes away. Greg, Ken and Angie stood next to the table, laughed at something. Brad rubbed Umbra's arm as she held his other hand with both of hers as they spoke quietly, Kim had disappeared into the house.
The sky flashed, it was high noon for less than a second. Birds that had roosted into surrounding trees chirped and warbled in confusion. Every voice on the patio was a variation of 'what?!?' Ian blinked his eyes, as did the others, the soft patio lights came back in focus after being momentarily overwhelmed.
"What the fuck was that?" Greg's deep voice, a rare element of doubt in it before his gaze found Kim who'd emerged from the house and they met each other halfway.
Then all of the faces turned to Ian as he blinked, realized Anna had a death grip on his waist and her left hand wrapped tightly on his left forearm. There was no panic but the gazes hoped the astrophysics student might offer an insight. But it was the most recent acquaintance who spoke first.
"That wasn't local," Umbra said, "it came from over the horizon... I think."
Ian was happy for the time to consider a response.
"It did," he said, "you can get a flash at sunrise or sunset, but wrong geography here. And nothing like that."
He paused, his dad's head nodded, Umbra had an enigmatic smile.
"I know where to check," he said, "but want my padlet, easier."
He stepped, discovered Anna was coming.
"Mind if I tag along?" Umbra's question, Ian saw Brad nod as he stepped toward his parents. Ian shrugged a nod.
"Solar flash," Ian looked up from his padlet, multiple overlaid windows fought for attention, "dayside observatories claim something hit the sun! Asteroid, meteor, not sure yet. Lots of work on videos, but we lost the whole network of close in heliospheric satellites. Still there but all of their sensors fried."
Anna and Umbra nodded, his attention went back to the screen as they stood next to each other. The older woman had slipped her arm around Anna's waist and she'd leaned in and wrapped her shoulders.
"Measurements... all seems... normal. Well, nothing anyone will notice," he continued, looked up, "it'll take some time to average out but it looks like the light show is the most of it."
The expression of relief on Anna's face was clear, Ian was sure his matched. He again couldn't read Umbra, she had a thoughtful expression that accepted his statement but seemed to imply she thought there was more to the story. But she kept her silence.
The trio found a few bottles of wine had been opened as the others were seated around the patio table. With only two free chairs, Anna nudged Umbra to one and the older woman shrugged and slid it next to Brad's. The younger woman then pushed Ian to sit and nestled herself onto his lap with her left arm around his shoulders. He didn't mind the weight. He set his padlet on the table.
Ken held a just opened bottle, tilted it toward three empty glasses. Unanimous nods led him to fill the three.
"This our last night?" Brad broke the silence, but Ian felt the worst of the tension had already drained.
"Solar flare," Ian said, a couple of nods told him they'd gotten that much, "but trust the news, at least so far it appears nothing permanent. Plenty of power outages dayside, some interference with satellite comms, lost lots of satellites. But the sun will rise normally in the morning."
"Something hit it," Anna said, Ian confirmed and he tapped the edge of the padlet not to display but to indicate his source of info.
"Be an interesting school year in a few weeks," Ian said lightly, "with that and our new 'neighbors' my degree's already obsolete and I don't even have it yet!"
That severed the last threads of tension as everyone laughed and tapped wine glasses. Ken and Brad doled out generous refills. Kim tapped her wristlet.
"Harold and Phil are ok, passed on Ian's message," she said to the crowd, "they're telling everyone their astrophysicist nephew guarantees all is well! They'll stay over though, planning to get very, very drunk Harold said."
Ian snorted, the others mostly chuckled.
"Obsolete astrophysicist..., you mean," more laughter.
"Should we?" Brad looked at Umbra, she nodded.
"We'd planned a night walk along the beach," he offered the rest, "Umbra's never been here before, we haven't seen much yet. Go out while the crowds are low. I have a key, we'll let ourselves in."
Quick hugs and the couple slipped out the gate and left along the greenery-lined path.
The wine and the knowledge they weren't all doomed had let Ian's muscles relax, he felt the same with Anna's relaxed lean into him. The postures of the others indicated they'd reached similar states.
Then he noticed one part of him that wasn't relaxed as it pressed against the edge of her hip. She wiggled her ass to move closer and increase the pressure on it. His left arm was on her bare thigh, below the tabletop, she opened her legs slightly as he worked his hand onto her inner thigh and slid it upwards to what he knew was an unprotected pubic area.
Then Anna used her right hand to push his hand firmly against her bare pussy, he worked the edge of his hand between moist lips. She purred.
"Turn on your camera," she put her mouth to Ian's ear and whispered as she nudged his hand away from her opening, he shrugged almost imperceptibly and obeyed, a couple of taps had it. Her hand followed his.
"Hey, mom," Anna said dreamily, the other two couples seemed to have similar thoughts, Angie turned toward her daughter, her hand was out of sight below the tabletop but moved in a steady strokewise motion, Anna faced the camera and adopted her narrators voice, "and here we have the aged and wrinkling queen..."
She turned the camera to face her mother, raised eyebrows weren't sure what the reaction should be.
"We have it on good authority," the narrator's voice continued, "that the queen desires to have this hard, young cock that I'm sitting on to be inserted into her mouth..."
Angie's eyes flashed to look at Kim, who turned to look at her son's apologetic smile and the wicked glean in Anna's eyes.
"... while the two manly consorts of the queen and her lady drill her other holes... Airtight is what the hip and young call it these days... And since the queen left this poor young cock in a parlous state this morning and denied it relief... and if he and these other chrome domes are wrong and there is no tomorrow..."
"Freakin... you do that voice very well," Angie said, "but..."
"You two spied on us last night," Kim said, chuckled as she obviously stroked her husband's cock through the thin material of his pants.
Anna and Ian smiled in confirmation.
"It was your little pink cunt they had to stare at for hours," Angie's voice the same huskiness from the previous evening, "maybe you should take the first round..."
"The queen has offered the younger woman an honour," the narrator, "but she is too smart for that. The first round is the worst, the males will be too quick to provide satisfaction, even in their numbers. One who is young, fit, ripe, needs more than what satisfies the aged queen."
Angie's eyes glittered and her eyes danced. Her daughter ground her ass into Ian's hard cock.
"Kim," Angie growled, "go get those vibrators. You men, get the mattresses."
Ian took a moment to appreciate the scene. That Angie indeed was the queen.
Kim, Greg and Ken disappeared into the house as Anna's green eye sparkled with challenge at her mother. Ian watched as the two husbands fetched mattresses from the hidden nook. Normally they allowed the house to sleep even more people but as with last night that wasn't their only purpose. Kim followed them out with fresh sheets and the men threw them across the mattresses.
Angie stood and walked to Ian and Anna's seat and bent over.
"Out of the way, child," she leaned in and kissed Ian hard on the lips, buried her tongue in his mouth while Anna snorted and stood up. She and her mother pulled Ian to stand while Angie's mouth stayed locked on his. Her hand pushed his thin pants down to expose his rigid cock and she stroked its length with special attention around the swollen, red head. She slipped her other hand around his waist and pulled him backwards around the table until she was at the mattresses when broke the kiss. His breath was rapid with her skillful work on his cock. She looked at her daughter, who'd shed what few clothes she'd had on and stood there, her breasts round and high with her nipples prominent.
Ian saw his naked mother rise from where she'd knelt to suck both husbands to stiff prominence as they pulled off their shirts.
"Set her up, Kimmy," Angie growled as her continued to work Ian's cock. Kim walked to the table and picked up a tiny, metal shape. Anna had the slightest questioning look on her face as Kim walked to her and kissed her hard. After a couple of seconds Anna responded and cupped the older woman's left tit. Kim's hand worked it's way into Anna's crotch and the young woman's body jumped a bit when Kim made contact with her apparently ready clit. Kim broke the kiss and stepped back as Anna's mouth opened and closed.
Angie spun Ian and pushed him onto his knees on the mattress.
"Eat me, boy, get me nice and ready," she ordered him, then pulled his head into her crotch before she looked at Anna, "you, girl, get over there and suck Kim's husband. And I want to see that entire cock swallowed."
Ian ran his tongue from the bottom to the top of her slit, it was already juicy and had a tangy taste similar to her daughter's. He worked his lips and sucked her clit into his mouth as her hands and body moved him down and away. He saw her mother reach in and slip some sort of tiny ring around the erect clit. It wasn't as large as her daughters but it was still prominent. Kim walked away and he felt more than heard the vibrator when it was activated. Angie purred as Ian's tongue and lips worked her cunt.
"All of it, slut," Angie growled in command, "or are you too much of an innocent child to handle a little stimulation on your clit while you suck a man's cock? You're only getting two-thirds of it. All of it."
Ian couldn't see Anna but heard a growl that he took was from Anna and a gurgle that meant she had redoubled her effort. He'd never seen his dad fully erect before the previous evening and closer up tonight he knew they were essentially the same size and Anna had deep throated him quite well but hadn't gone all the way.
"That's it, good girl," Angie said as she held Ian's head and ground her pussy against his face before she steadied his head and backed up. Ian turned and saw Greg's cock completely swallowed and Ann's nose against his closely trimmed pubic region. He looked over saw his mother on her back and Angie's husband fucked her slowly missionary style. They broke their kiss and stopped as Anna pulled her mouth off of Greg's cock and took a deep breath.
"You get my cunt tonight, Greg," Angie said as she pulled Ian to stand and he sucked breath in through his open mouth. Greg smiled and laid down before Angie straddled him and pushed him fully into her body in a swift squat, all the time her eyes laser focused on Anna's. The girl had recovered some of her brio and her mismatched eyes glared back. Ken pulled his cock from Kim's gooey cunt and knee-walked to kneel behind his already impaled wife. Kim rose and walked quickly to the table and tossed a small plastic bottle to Ken, who quickly lubed up his cock and Angie's asshole as Greg slowly pumped in and out of her pussy.
"Airtight tonight, Angie," Kim said as she grabbed her padlet and activated it as Ken slid the considerable length of his entire cock into his wife's welcoming ass in one swift push, "see, girl, that's how you take a cock up the butt."
Anna snorted as Angie balanced herself on one hand as the two men worked out their rhythm. She used that hand to nudge Ian to her mouth then she looked up and quickly glanced at her daughter then back at Ian.
"Fuck my face, if you think you're ready, little boy," Angie growled at him and Kim let out a soft closed-mouth laugh. He used his hands to hold her head as she opened her mouth and he aimed the pulsating head at her mouth then pushed his crotch forward like he's seen Ken impale her ass. He felt her cheeks encourage him in before he felt her nose collide with his pubic flesh.
"Oh, shit," he said softly, his mother laughed just as softly as Anna squinted at the scene as Ian pulled most his cock out and plunged again as Angie's body pushed forward by the force of the two men behind her. Ian moaned his cock went deep into Angie's throat on each thrust. He caught Anna's eyes as they glittered and her stained skin pulsed in sync with movements her body made as his mother manipulated the vibrator from the padlet as she recorded video.
"Get ready to help your mother, Anna," Kim pointed the camera at her then motioned for her to kneel. All three men moaned as they fucked the red haired queen. Ian goggled as her throat took his entire shaft with each push, a steady flow of saliva drooled from her mouth onto the sheets.
Angie put her hand against Ian's thigh and pushed slightly, he took it as instruction to pull his cock out. He obeyed. Ken withdrew from her ass and stepped aside as he quickly stood, stroked his cock. Angie lifted off of Greg and went sideways to allow him to stand up next to Ken. Ian followed suit with the men and kept himself just on the edge.
"On your knees, princess," Angie said in a deep, authoritative growl as she rose to her knees. Anna obeyed and Angie leaned sideways as she grabbed Greg's cock, "suck this one, you little whore."
She pushed Anna's mouth back onto Ian's dad's cock until it was swallowed, pulled her back and pushed her to repeat the act on Ian. She did so, pumped twice before Angie pulled her back,
"They need a shower, boys," Kim said as she recorded, "give it to them."
Ian stroked his saliva-soaked cock and moaned as his head leaned back and his eyes closed, He recovered just enough to open his eyes to watch and Anna's eyes caught his, even her grey one, disadvantaged by its comparison to her glowing green eye twinkled, that and her open mouth told Ian to let go.
He did.
His first spurt was almost a stream that first caught Anna on her right cheek until they adjusted and the last bit made it into her mouth. Angie shouldered her hard and took the next shot across her lips. The young woman shoved her mother back out of the way.
"Like this, crone," Anna's own growl.
She pushed her mouth onto Ian's cock and used her hand to drain six, then seven spasms of cum as Ian's legs quivered.
Anna released him as a gush of cum ran down her chin and she huffed for breath. Her mother pulled her sideways and both men pumped cum onto their faces, lips and tongues before Angie sucked the last drops from her husband and Anna finished off Greg. Neither matched Ian's volume but that was an immutable advantage of youth.
Mother and daughter released the cocks and Angie turned them as Kim in one swift motion handed her padlet to her husband and knelt in from the two women. She kissed Anna deeply, sucked cum from her mouth then licked and sucked cum from her cheek and nose. Then she did the same with Angie before she shared deep, open mouth kisses with each woman.
Ian's body shook slightly as took deep, slow breaths. His cock twitched at the three women's slow movements, tongues met tongues and hands rubbed sweaty bosoms. Out of the corner of his eye he saw as Greg worked the padlet's camera and tapped somewhere near the bottom. Apparently that was the vibrator control as all three women jumped slightly at each tap.
Then Angie pushed her daughter onto her back and Kim pushed her legs apart and buried her face in the young woman's crotch.
"You boys are doing well," Angie turned her attention first to Greg and sucked his somewhat erect cock slowly into her mouth, her blue eyes turned up to look into his as he captured the moment. She released his now hard cock and turned her masterful attention on Ian.
"You'd damned well better be ready again, boy," her order was no comment as she slid her mouth over his hard cock. He let loose a low moan and saw Anna's eyes were tightly closed. Her back arched and she screamed as a series of orgasms from his mother's attention on her crotch and the vibrator drove her body beyond anything Ian assumed she'd ever felt. His cock wavered before Angie's attention stiffened it again.
Anna's eyes took a moment to regain their fire as she panted in a pool of sweat.
"Lay here," Angie moved and instructed Ian to lay down next to her daughter, his cock a metronome atop his body as his heart sped, "c'mon princess, you want to take on the queen..."
She and Kim pulled the girl up by her arms as Greg handed the padlet to Kim.
"On this young buck," Angie's and Anna's eyes bore into each other.
"I'm not done yet," the girl shook the older women off of her and quickly straddled Ian and used her hand to aim his prick at her already well-worked hole and slid him all the way in as hers and Angie's intensity was again wrenched high. Anna's gaze turned to bore into the camera lens.
"The aged queen has underestimated her challenger," Anna's voice found anew the cadence of nature documentarian, as Greg knelt behind her.
"Will she regret," Anna's voice paused and she grimaced quickly as Greg pushed his well lubed cock into her ass, she recovered her composure and looked at her mother, "that mistake before the night is done?"
Angie laughed as Greg buried the whole of his steel hard flesh in her rear entry. Ian's mouth opened as he felt his father's cock press against his, separated only by the thin sheaths of Anna's flesh.
"Her young lover," Anna looked down, her gaze grabbed his, "and his equally terrible father have the body of the princess at their mercy as they fill her front and back."
"The queen isn't done yet," Angie's growl straightforward but deep as she moved Kim in front of Anna, "this woman needs to cum and cum hard, little girl. It's up to you, her vibrator is turned off. If she doesn't scream..."
Ian could see only Anna's green eye but it was aflame. His mother slid her cunt into Anna's reach and the young woman's mouth set to work. He realized he could feel his father's prick against his as it slid in and out of the girl's ass. He pushed in on the next out stroke and Anna gasped into Kim's pussy as the heads of the cocks pressed as they passed in their tunnels. He felt the movements of the vibe as her father drove Anna's to a maximum setting.
"That's it, girl," Ian heard his mom's voice quiver as her ass moved inches from his face and Anna's tongue worked her. From somewhere Angie laughed but it was all he could do to maintain his fucking rhythm as his and his father's cock pumped Anna's amazing body. He knew Anna had held out for the second round to get a longer fuck but he wasn't sure he could hold out as long as she expected. Then he moaned as her cunt spasmed as she came, the two men slowed but she jerked at them and they not only regained their movements but sped up. Out of the corner of his eye Ian saw Angie mounted on her husband as he pumped up and down into her and she recorded and masterfully used the control to drive Anna's vibrator.
"My, my, you are such a little slut, aren't you," Angie said, "but don't let that tongue slow down."
She tapped the screen and Anna let out a growl as a shiver worked its way outward from her tortured clit until her limbs wavered for an instant before she regained her balance. Kim moaned as Anna's mouth pushed harder on her. Anna sucked up juices as she put her mouth over the clit and worked it with lip and tongue. Ian's eyes were rapt at her red, puffy lips, having never expected to see his mother from this angle as her juices dripped onto his shoulder and the sheets.
Kim suddenly jerked and pushed her crotch hard into Anna's face, moaned.
"Oh, fuck, yes," she said, "I knew this girl was ready..."
She went still and Anna sucked on her one last time as she moaned then moved away. Angie worked the padlet as her husband fucked her slowly from below.
Anna buried her face in Ian's shoulder and neck and moaned as she shivered.
"Faster, gentlemen, slam this little whore's holes," Angie ordered them. Ian followed suit to match his dad's faster pace. He felt Anna's teeth bite into him where his neck met his shoulder, the breath from her nose rapid but choppy against his skin. She wrapped him with her arms and he returned the gesture.
"Fill her up," Angie's voice was a command.
Anna's pussy squeezed his cock as Ian let loose with a jet of cum at his deepest penetration. He felt his dad's cock jerk as filled her lower colon with his own cum. They both pulled back and pushed in together to deliver additional shots of their hot cream.
"Ow," Ian said sharply as Anna truly bit him as her whole body quaked as he and Greg pumped as many shots into her as they could manage. Finally the three collapsed into a pile before Ian felt his dad's cock one last time as it left the nearly unconscious girl's fleshy tube. Anna squeezed him tightly with her arms and her legs as she shook from the after effects. He moved his cock slightly but she squeezed it so he pushed back and kept it in place. She purred very softly, right into his ear.
"Sorry," she said exceedingly softly before her lips kissed him where his cheek and neck met. He sniffed and squeezed her tightly.
"Ian," Angie's voice was soft but firm, "take this child upstairs and put her to bed like the baby she is."
Ian's softened cock reversed itself when Anna's pussy squeezed it like a vise. She moved her hands to his chest and pushed herself to a seated position on him, her flesh rippled its way the length of his cock. He saw her eyes glint hard and bright in the dim light of the patio, her stained skin was deep red and seemed to pulse.
"The aged queen knows her time will come," Anna's voice as firm as her mother's had been, "and soon. Her challenger is going to take this young stud to her private lair and record the repeated fucks so the queen can see them and fear."
The heat of the young woman's body forced his cock to as hard a state as it had managed the entire evening. Her left hand reached into her crotch and fiddled, then tossed the vibrator to Kim, who caught it with a smirk. Then Anna rose straight up as a gush of their mingled cum ran free from her now unblocked cunt, to splash on his rigid shaft, thighs and pubic region. Her eyes never left her mother's as she stepped aside and reached her right arm down to pull him upright. Once next to her that right hand grabbed his gooey cock.
"The challenger will take her lover now," Anna intoned, "and he will be required to satisfy her. Or he will be discarded as is the right of the queen."
She turned quickly at Angie's 'hah' and led Ian by his cock, veered to allow him to collect his padlet from the table and they entered the house through the open and large sliding glass door. Just as they reached the foot of the stairs the front door opened and Umbra and Brad entered, their arms around each other. Ian smiled softly when he noticed their clothes and hair askew, they'd found their own spot to party.
"Hey big brother," Anna said as she stroked Ian's hard cock and he moaned slightly, "we're going upstairs to fuck a few times. Wanna join us? Or you can go out back, the old people are about done for, but you might get in a little bit. They're pretty worn out..."
Umbra's smile was an enigma, but her dark eyes twinkled. Brad's mouth gaped slightly, looked down his sister's ripe and bare body then followed her arm to where it stroked Ian's tumescent manhood.
"We... we'll be fine," Brad said with a shake, "sis."
"You two have fun," Umbra said smoothly in her deep voice, "we'll finish up our own party."
Anna smiled broadly and headed up the stairs, Ian had little choice but to follow closely. He waved quickly at the pair.


Announcements


Ian groaned as teeth nibbled around the sore bite mark on his neck. A messy pile of red-blonde hair obscured the face as it did its work. He jerked slightly when a hand found his soft and very tender cock. The nibbling stopped and the hair moved a bit.
"I think this might need the day off," the voice was a bit hoarse, then the face smiled at him, grey and green eyes bright and happy, "and when I sit on the toilet in a few minutes there might be screams..."
"Can't show weakness," Ian advised with what he thought was a jocular tone, "to the queen. She'll be listening for that."
"That's why you're my lover," Anna kissed him and he moaned slightly as she squeezed his painful cock, "you're so smart. And stamina. I'm glad you recorded all of that, what, three, four times up my ass alone! Not to mention that many... Yeah, I'll just strut down and let her see me all red and swollen... She'll know her time will be up soon. Now, go fix me a nice cappuccino. That machine is a good one and I know you're a good barista."
"High school summer jobs can be good for something," he kissed her then worked his way to stand beside the bed, she reached and he pulled her up. Her face worked through a range of expressions before she exhaled slowly, "nothing like dealing with a hundred caffeine-deprived commuters in the morning rush!"
"And if the astrophysics thing doesn't work out..."
"I have an out," they both chuckled. Their noses worked, he grabbed a pair of thin, opaque blue shorts. Being Sunday morning they were past the town's strange obsession that only white clothing be worn on Saturdays.
"Someone's busy down there, smells great," Ian said as he stood at the door and Anna stood next to the entrance to their bathroom, "and I was right. The sun rose this morning."
"Never doubted you," Anna said as she slid the bathroom door closed.
Ian found Umbra in the kitchen with the mixer running, the smell of sausages obvious as they sizzled under the broiler. She smiled at him as he stepped to the espresso machine.
"Good morning," she said.
"Good morning, Umbra," he said, her orange shorts and fitted tank top of the same color nicely complimented her slender figure and muscular, dark legs, "making cappuccinos for me and Anna, can I make you something?"
"Heard you were good at that, my effort was, um, well, it was black and had caffeine! A long black if you would."
"On it."
A few moments with the only sounds the espresso maker's steam and the whir of the mixer. He hooked up two porta-filters and frothed a metal beaker of milk.
"Want yours topped with hot water?" Ian asked, saw Umbra's nod and he used the spout to fill her cup, she stepped over and took it, sipped.
"Wow, ok, maybe I'll have you teach me how to do that," she said happily, as she flipped the switch to stop the mixer, "mine didn't taste like this."
He smiled as he worked the machine to finish the two cappuccinos.
"Get cleaned up," Umbra told him as he gripped the two mugs, "scratch pancakes, real maple syrup, sausages, got some cantaloupe and other fruit cut up and chilled. Can't let the queen and her consorts show you up and get down here first."
She winked after that. Ian smiled, he'd learned she was just over a decade older than Anna's brother, about midway between most of them and their parents. He'd thought she might be like Brad, cool, deeply reserved, but there was clearly more going on with her. Too bad they all lived so far away from each other. He hadn't seen Brad in over a decade, which meant the next few days might be all they'd have.
Anna and Ian made it to the bottom of the stairs, saw Brad had joined Umbra in the kitchen. Anna wore a newly-fashionable style, a yards long broad scarf of colourful silk, reds, blues, greens. She'd looped it around her neck then down to underlay but leave exposed her ample breasts, then down her side and around her waist. From there, Ian had seen two options. Anna had chosen to drape the last yard of fabric along the outside of her hip and left leg, which left her red and puffed pussy lips and ass exposed.
"We'll set up on the patio," Anna offered as Umbra's eyes caught hers, the shorter and older woman glanced down, looked up, their smiles made words unnecessary.
"Leave the plates, everyone can get pancakes. Put the rest out," Umbra said, "Brad, go roust those old people up. I have a surprise for everyone."
He returned a few minutes later at the head of a pack of colorfully dressed people, Kim and Angie in short sleeveless dresses with tropical blooms and birds, their husbands in loose pants and tees in pastel colors.
Anna stood straight in the doorway to the patio, she and Angie smiled at each other. Her mother's eyes lingered on Anna's crotch, an eyebrow raised momentarily.
"Ok, grab pancakes," Umbra said, "I heard you all had quite the workouts last night, need a hearty breakfast to recover,"
A round of soft laughter at that as Ian worked the espresso machine.
"Age before beauty," Anna waved her mother and Kim ahead of her as they all looked when the doorbell rang.
"Anna," Umbra said with no hint of surprise, "can you get that, please?"
Anna shrugged, nodded, walked to the door and opened it. She saw a tallish woman with dark hair cut in a long bob, she was dressed in a scarf the same as Anna's but hers was more muted in colors and had been tied to conceal not display her not small breasts, along with her crotch and ass. Her skin showed the earliest signs of age.
"Vanessa," Anna exclaimed, her voice still slightly hoarse, "from the other night!"
"Yes, Anna, dear," the woman's deep voice was smooth, "you're looking vibrant this morning. Hello, Umbra."
Anna stepped back, gestured the woman in. She kissed Anna on the cheek then lifted herself a bit and put her mouth to the young woman's ear.
"I have news," she whispered, "about your application. Tell me if I should announce it?"
Anna's mouth opened, her eyes showed confusion for a moment, but then she nodded. Vanessa smiled back and she continued into the large open space that was the ground floor of the house. Umbra came and they embraced quickly then introduced her as Vanessa Nightseeker, professor of linguistics at the National University. Everyone's eyebrows arched at the title, it placed her at the top rung of any sort of ladder or pyramid of academics you could construct. Beyond first-class mastery of your field, you also needed deep political connections to get a full professor title there. That Brad's new fiancé was a personal friend of such a woman was another slight shock. The two families had been successful in their fields and lived more than comfortable lives but Brad's pairing might open even more avenues.
A short while later everyone had repeatedly complimented Umbra on her breakfast preparation and Ian had just finished a second round of coffees for the table. Angie and Anna had teased each other about their activities from the previous evening but the intensity had been well below their previous rounds.
"So, Anna," Vanessa said, "shall we?"
Heads bounced between her and the young woman like as if they watched a tennis match.
"You all know about the world we found," Anna said, "with the aliens. The pictures have been released."
Heads nodded.
"I'm head of a committee," Vanessa said, "involved with putting together a crewed expedition there."
That dropped jaws, except for Anna and Umbra, who both had tight-lipped smiles.
"We'll be sending a series of probes there, with the ability to more deeply explore the planet and its clearly intelligent inhabitants," Vanessa resumed, "we'll be using the experimental hypersleep booths. But, well, there will still be some danger in that. We'd put out quiet invitations around the world for applicants. We'll have a few old hands but mostly want younger people. The expedition will be a couple of centuries our time here and the booths aren't perfect, so even with them they'll be lots of time the crew will need to be awake and age."
Everybody looked at Ian, but his look was neutral. He'd been sent the invitation but hadn't yet decided. Then faces lifted as if a thought had been given to everyone at once, they all turned to Anna. Who'd loudly stated her goal to study exobiology.
"I've applied," she said softly.
"Yes, dear girl, you have," Vanessa said, "and if you finish your studies successfully you'll go on the second probe in not quite a decade. But we'll transfer you to National's main campus and well, your syllabus will be adjusted."
Everyone looked from Anna to Vanessa's smile then back to Anna. Her mouth had dropped open at the announcement and then she broke into a broad, happy grin.
"My little girl," Angie said slowly, softly, "what?"
For the first time Anna's look at her mother wasn't a challenge.
"Yes, mom," Anna's voice was firm, "I want to see them, find out what they're like. They're so much like us, but..."
"Wars," Umbra said, "they're still fighting wars. It's only 32 light years, we've detected other planets that probably host life but they're hundreds of light years away and it might be only primitive life. If we've worked out fusion, interstellar ships, hypersleep, they will too. They're clearly intelligent. But possibly dangerous..."
"What happened with the sun last night," Kim's question, "could they have done it?"
"They've no rocketry yet," Vanessa said, "so no, but that, we don't know. But I do know a certain astrophysics student who would be welcome to transfer to the main campus as well. We're putting together working groups."
Her gaze was directed at Ian. His jaw dropped. Then he looked at Anna, her face beamed, her stain bright and the green eye it surrounded sucked him in like a whirlpool. He would sooner die than turn this down.
"And the crews aren't fully chosen yet," Vanessa said softly, "plenty of slots to come..."
Anna lifted her right hand and Ian took it in his left.
"Well, mom," Anna said brightly, "looks like you'll be the queen here... I'll have a new world for myself..."
Angie's face worked through multiple emotions before she pushed her chair back quickly, it tipped over and she walked quickly to her daughter and wrenched her up and embraced her in a hug like a boa constrictor. Anna returned the hug. They stayed that way for a solid minute while everyone else kept their silence.
"You..., you..., you little showoff," Angie held her daughter at arm's length, "you'll be... well, famous!"
She was silent a few heartbeats.
"And I'll never see you again after you leave...," her eyes had the glitter now of tears, as did Anna's.
She tightened the hug again, they held it for another half of a minute. Then separated but still held each other.
"I still have time to prove that the old queen is past her prime," Anna's eyes danced.
"Just because you can drain a young buck dry," Angie's command tone had returned and she looked at Ian who could do little more than nod ever so slightly, "doesn't make you the queen. Even if you will be one of the first people to go to another star."
"It was total coincidence we all came here for our summer holidays," Vanessa said, "but when Umbra told me about all of you coming it seemed doing this in person would be best."
"Better than a form letter," Ian's comment brought a round of laughter.
"Now, you two," Vanessa looked at Ian and Anna, "come by my place later today? I can give you a bit of a rundown on your new campus. The paperwork and all that can wait until the first of next month. It's summer still!"
They smiled and nodded in unison.
"Everyone, thank you for the gracious welcome. Your children will lead us into the next age of discovery!"
"If they're not too busy screwing each other in every opening they have at that new campus to study," Angie said firmly as Ian and Anna stood arm in arm, then her voice went softer, "but if you've gotta get a lifetime of fucks stuffed into a few years..."
Both sets of parents stood up and embraced their children in a mass hug, tears streaked multiple sets of cheeks.
"I'm still the queen," Ian heard the not-quite whisper from Angie into Anna's stain-surrounded ear.
"If thinking that helps you through the night," Anna's riposte in the same not quite whisper, the two women kissed quickly then the hug tightened and no one spoke for a while.