There comes a threshold beyond which abandonment is finally achieved.
"You can light this now." It was an innocuous statement, delivered in a slightly annoyed tone of voice, justified by my lengthy pause while I contemplated the situation. I heard her give me permission, in the same way that she might have said, "you can cum now." I seemed to be doing that a lot lately, assuming sexual overtones where none were intended.
My perceptual misappropriation of mundane dialogue had been increasing in frequency ever since Erin and I had begun testing the limits of our curiosity about Domme/sub relationships. But my conversion was not the boner-inducing rocket ride I had been anticipating. It was a process. Don't get me wrong, neither of us were complaining. I was working at relinquishing control and giving myself permission to submit to a female-led version of sexual release. Not an insignificant aspiration, considering the depth of my previous commitment to male-dominated coitus.
My wife Erin was finding herself delighted with the results of assuming a more assertive role in our relationship. She appeared to be blossoming with characteristic panache and abandonment. Her enjoyment was contagious and surprisingly, I found myself eager to satisfy her wants, rather than simply using her to satisfy mine as had previously been the case. She was discovering some different ways of behaving too, like taking advantage of me to fulfill her own fantasies. She told me that turning the tables on me was enlightening, in terms of taking pleasure like she hadn't imagined possible before. Erin was finding the experience more than a little self-rewarding, so she decided that daily practice was preferable, even necessary, to achieve our goals.
"The splif?" she reminded me. "Pay attention honey. You look like you're preoccupied with something other than me," she joked.
I leaned over and lit the end of the joint. I felt my cock tingle. I told her. She looked at me for a long thoughtful minute, her eyes half-closed. Then she blew a column of smoke in my face.
"Take your clothes off." She watched me decide to obey. Then she watched me strip.
My conversion to sub status involved achieving a number of shared objectives. One of our goals was my unquestioning obedience where sex was involved. We had agreed that my moods and preferences would have no bearing on my compliance. I would do what I was told, when she told me and for as long as she wanted me. She agreed not to over-demand obedience at inappropriate times. But she had the final decision concerning when, where and for how long we had sex. She also insisted on controlling my orgasms. I was simply not allowed to cum without her supervision.
I stood naked waiting for instructions. She inspected her naked man from face to feet, finally indicating with a gesture that I should adopt a wider stance. I spread my legs about three feet apart and clasped my hands behind me, like I had been taught. My erection was so hard it was almost painful. She ignored my boner and got straight to the point, no pun intended.
"So let me see if I have this straight. You started to get horny over having my permission to do some inane thing that you wanted to do anyway? That's interesting. Know what I think? I think you're starting to get turned-on by following orders. You stripped just now because I told you to, and complying made you hard. Look at your cock. I haven't even touched it and it's twitching with anticipation. Do you know what that means to me?" She wanted to know.
"No, I don't," I admitted.
"No, I guess you don't. Maybe that's because you are just a stupid sex-slut, good for fucking but that's about it. Well, perhaps that's not important. Maybe you don't need to understand. Maybe you just need to do what you're told. Stand closer." I shuffled nearer the woman who decided when or even if, I could cum. She was right. I didn't need to understand anything. We already discussed this. I just needed to do what I was told and stay hard, that's all. Simple. Even a fuck-toy like me could remember that.
Her eyes traveled up and down my body. I could see by her expression that she liked what she saw and that made me feel accomplished, like I was providing her with the means to satisfy her lust. I was her tool. Her hand trailed across my stomach and down my thigh. The tips of her fingers traced the length of my erection then left it quivering. Leaving me stiffer and waiting for attention, she stepped back and appraised her work.
"I've been giving your inability to comply with my 'no-playing with yourself' rule some thought," she began. I started to protest but she cut me off.
"Oh don't bother," she said. "I know you can't help it and I don't blame you, I'm just trying to problem-solve a barrier here." Erin reached into a desk drawer and pulled out a small metal device. I knew what it was. I could not be trusted to leave my cock alone, so she would make sure I was unable to disobey. She was going to keep me locked up when I wasn't being used.
"Technically it's a male chastity device but I call it a man-cage. It will ensure that no other hands but mine touch your cock, including yours. I'm sure you can imagine what an advantage this will give me in establishing control, right?" Erin cocked her head to one side and dangled the little cage in her fingers provocatively. I nodded my head but said nothing.
We have discussed this option before," she reminded me. "At that time you were pretty much in favor of whatever was going to heighten your arousal. Is that still the case?" She flipped the cock cage casually in her hand, waiting for me to finish extrapolating what this might mean for me. But I had already been anticipating the deprivation, the craving for release, the need to submit to anything just to feel her hand on my cock.
"I mean, I like the idea myself but I'm not the one who will be wearing it while I'm swollen and desperate." The corners of her mouth curved up a little as she imagined what that might feel like for me. "Still, with this thing on you I know for sure you're not cheating and you can't give in to temptation, doesn't matter how horny you get." She produced a tiny lock and key. "I'll wear this key on the ankle bracelet you bought me last year. So you'll know where to find release," Erin grinned.
I blew out some air and nodded. "Ok, let's do it. It's tough not bringing myself off after you have had your fun and put me away hard," I admitted. Erin smiled, knowing my compliance was a foregone conclusion.
"Do I need to handcuff you or are you capable of restraining yourself while I fit you into this?" Erin asked, while she opened the lock on a very short, curved metal cage. I stared at the cock cage, apprehension apparent on my face.
"Clasp your hands on top of your head," Erin instructed. "Shove your hips toward me and stay still. Hmm, we're going to need to get rid of that boner first." Using my stiff cock as a handle she pulled me toward the fridge. Five minutes later an ice pack softened my cock enough to work with.
Her fingers moved quickly and almost before I knew it, a metal ring was slipped over my genitals and my cock was forced into a permanent non-erect shape, but the cage left my balls free to play with. The tiny lock snapped shut and I watched her clip the key onto her ankle. It felt comfortable as long as my cock was soft. But then she weighed the whole caged package in the palm of her hand and I felt my dick try to stiffen.
"Erin, can we try this after you let me cum please?" My cock ached and it filled the little metal cage. "Please Erin," I begged, but there was no use.
"I think that's all for today," Erin replied. "Put your pants back on, it's almost time to go. We are meeting Linda for drinks this evening at that local bar we were curious about. Remember the place?"
I remembered a crowded little place with more than a few female patrons that might cause me to wish I hadn't agreed to this mechanical solution to my lack of will power. But it was too late to argue exacerbating circumstances. In fact I suspected we were going out with Linda exactly because Erin wanted to watch me squirm while she withheld my relief.
"What's the matter honey? Don't you want to have a few drinks with two attractive women while your cock is locked up?" Her smile deepened and her hand slid down to my crotch and fondled my exposed balls affectionately. "Just imagine how it will feel when the cage gets removed." She squeezed and was rewarded with a grunt. "No underwear for you tonight. Wouldn't want to lull you into believing everything's normal. I'm sure you'll agree David, normal is about to become a distant memory."
The bar was crowded for a weekday. Fortunately Linda had arrived earlier and had saved a couple of seats at a small table close to a three-piece band that was already playing. In my hyper-aroused state it seemed to me that the women must have agreed beforehand to deliberately wear boner-inducing clothing. Erin's athletic frame was wrapped in a loose-fitting, low-cut dress that barely concealed her braless breasts. Her friend chose to wear jeans that might have been spray-painted onto her perfect thirty-something year-old ass, along with a cut-off T-shirt that hung off her tits like a napkin draped over a desert tray. I felt my cock swell, but there was nowhere to go with that. It was an odd, strangely pleasurable discomfort. We snuggled in, knee-to-knee, shouting over the music.
"Hey Dave, want to dance?" Linda yelled over the clamor of a bunch of horny men and women trying to get laid before morning.
Dance? I barely trusted myself to walk. Linda winked at me like she knew what was going on then pulled Erin to her feet and onto the dance floor. Did my wife tell her best friend what we were doing? Did Linda know my cock was straining against the cage Erin had locked around it?
Watching Linda and Erin dance together demonstrated why our friends said they were 'hot'. Their gyrating was making me more than just uncomfortable. I squirmed against the table, helpless and getting hornier by the second while they smiled at me. I watched them do a slow bump and grind to the music as my cock tried to achieve the impossible. I knew Erin was well aware that she was torturing me. I hoped she had a plan for later, cause I sure as hell couldn't do anything about it on my own. Knowing that just made my cock try harder. The women danced like they didn't notice that I was being tormented.
Erin and Linda pulled their chairs up close on either side of me so we could hear one another over the music. But it soon became apparent that I was only a peripheral part of the conversation. The two women leaned into me as if I were a piece of furniture. On my left side Erin pressed her hands flat on my thighs, resting her weight on her arms so she could get her face closer to Linda. On my right, Linda bent her left elbow and leaned against my shoulder to get closer to Erin. Her fingers played absent-mindedly with my hair while she chatted with her friend. I suspect she was not unaware of what she was doing. Her other hand braced her weight against my right thigh. After an hour or so of chatting, with Linda almost sitting on top of me and deliberately bouncing her tits in my face, Linda leaned into me again to yell at Erin over the music. "We're still getting together tomorrow afternoon, right?"
"Absolutely," Erin assured her friend. "Come over at one, we'll have a drink or two by the pool."
Linda tilted her head sideways and smiled at me, her face inches from mine. "Will you be around David?" My throat was suddenly very dry. Linda's hand was only a few inches away from my straining, metal-encased cock. I would have done anything to close that distance right then. I tried to articulate a response, but no luck.
"Sure, we'll both be home tomorrow afternoon," Erin answered for me. Linda smiled curiously at me then pecked us both on the cheek and left.
"You like Linda, right?" Erin asked me.
"Of course, she's great. Funny, intelligent, just like you," I replied. And built for a good time, just like you, I thought. Erin sat closer to me. In the dim light her hand slipping down the front of my pants went unnoticed. I gasped. She cupped my balls.
"Hmmm, seems that cage is getting filled out tonight," she whispered. "Did you like watching Linda and I dance?" Her fingers closed around the cock cage, reclaiming ownership.
"Uh huh," I managed.
"Whose cock is this?" she whispered, tightening her grip.
"It's, uh ... it's your cock," I stammered.
"Yes it is. Now get home quickly. I want to use my cock tonight." Her breath smelled like booze but I knew she wasn't drunk, just uninhibited. I had only been allowed one drink in case this very contingency arose. She needed me to be focused on satisfying her, not inebriated.
I drove back to our place. Erin insisted I drive so she could play with me on the way home. Once in the door she collapsed into a living room chair and kicked her shoes off. I stood in the middle of the room, uncertain about what was coming next, but reasonably sure it involved me getting naked and her being satisfied. I stared forlornly at the key dangling from Erin's ankle. She leaned back into the chair and crossed her legs. The little key jingled as she swung her foot back and forth, torturing me with anticipation.
"Let's see how desperate you are. First, lose the clothes, I want to see how badly my pet needs to get out of its cage." I kicked my shoes off then stripped out of my shorts and T-shirt. Completely naked, I stood close to her, praying she would release me. She inspected her captive thoughtfully, weighing the possibilities in her hand. I spread my legs apart to give her complete unobstructed access. Erin slid a finger between my legs, under my balls and into my asshole. She pulled me closer. Her finger slid in and out of my hole like she was fucking it. I moaned, she laughed. Her other hand reached down to her ankle.
"I'm going to let you out now. Be a good boy and play with yourself like you expect to cum," she teased. "If I like what I see I might let you." My wife unlocked the cock cage and worked the metal sheath off. She left the ring where it was, encircling the base of my cock and balls.
"No point in taking the whole thing off," she giggled. "You'll be going back in the cage when I'm done." As my erection took over my senses she awarded me one of her wicked smiles and settled back, content to watch her sub struggle. "But you'll need to entertain me before I put you away, so perform, slut."
I stood in front of her, naked, hyper-aware of her undivided attention and of my historic inability to let go of my control issues. I slowly began stroking my cock.
"Wait! Walk your slut ass into the kitchen and get me a drink first." I hesitated, my cock threatened to burst out of its constraint. I knew that if I wanted release I needed to do exactly as I was told. But I felt like a cheap whore servicing a customer. As I walked by she slapped my ass.
"SMACK!" Hurry up cock-slut! Let's see that ass jiggle," she barked then laughed.
I wanted to be her slut, but I wasn't used to being stared at while I played with myself. She didn't care about my self-consciousness. For her, it was just one more barrier to my ceding control that needed to be removed. We both accepted that, but it was easier said than done.
The problem was I lost my hard-on when I was compelled to perform. What was it about being put on display and forced to produce that was simultaneously exciting and threatening? Did it matter? We reasoned that it did not. In the end, we agreed; I didn't really need a convincing rationale. I didn't need to understand my performance anxiety. I just needed to be retrained. What mattered was complying with her criteria for success. In this instance, compliance simply meant getting hard and staying that way until she was finished. For me it meant somehow morphing my performance anxiety into erotic stimulation.
I needed to perceive the situation in a way that turned me on: I wasn't being judged, I was being exhibited. I was on display for her amusement. I was proving useful to her as a slut, without any pretense at dignity; not even allowed the right to be embarrassed. I was property, a slave to her sexual preferences. Right now, my purpose was to be the hard cock she wanted.
"Let's see where you need improving," she mused. "I'd like a lot of hip action and some enthusiastic grunting from my sub, so don't be shy. For the rest of the evening you're some slut I hired. Not my husband, not my partner, not my equal," she grinned. "Your purpose will be to keep your cock hard at all times. I will take care of everything else. If I see your cock is soft you will be punished. You will be spanked until you regain your erection. Is that clear?"
"Yes Ma'am," I replied.
"Will your cock get harder if I spank you," she asked?
"Yes Ma'am, it will," I admitted.
"Only inherent sluts get hard when they're spanked," she drawled. "Did you know that?"
"No Ma'am"
"Yes, so what are you?" She cupped her hand to her ear theatrically.
"I'm a slut Ma'am," I mumbled.
"That's right. You're a natural. Begin again slut, you have stopped playing with yourself. Begin again."
I began pumping my hips hesitantly, sliding my hand up and down the stiff shaft. Faint guttural sounds snuck past my embarrassment and integrated with my bump and grind testimony to obedience. She grinned. I was performing for her.
"Stand over there in the center of the room. I want to watch you fuck for me, and I want to hear you. Keep grunting. I know it's a lot for you a stupid man-toy like you to coordinate and still keep a hard-on, but it's what I want. So do it."
She knew that treating me like her whore, good for only one thing, would help me feel degraded and used and turned on. I spread my legs further apart in the middle of the room, pushed my hips forward and fucked my hand like a paid male stripper. I moaned and made crude grunting noises. I put on an act for her.
"Get used to being on display. I intend to show you off to my instructor as a model of obedience if you can manage to obey me." She laughed and uncrossed her legs. "I'm sure Karla would love to watch you cum for her."
From three feet away I could see up her skirt. She wasn't wearing underwear. My hand pumped frantically now. My grunting became involuntary. I could feel the tension building.
"Do better! If you cum in the next 5 minutes you can lick me," she promised. She spread her legs wider and the short skirt rode up her thighs. I could see her slit. It was already wet.
"Four minutes whore." Her fingers disappeared into the hole between her legs. She was enjoying my show. We realized some time ago that setting a limit on the length of time I was allowed to make myself cum sometimes helped that process along. In addition, watching me hand-fuck myself always made her horny.
I reminded myself that I was here, on display, completely nude and fucking my hand strictly for her amusement. That thought helped me reach the edge, and then I kept on going. Unable to stop and ask for permission, my cock erupted. A jet of cum arched out of the swollen head and splattered at her feet.
She smiled and leaned back into her seat. "Good boy, crawl over here," she demanded breathlessly. "You're not done." As my cock drooled the last of its load onto the tile floor, I lowered myself and crawled through it, eager to demonstrate my subservience. She clutched handfuls of my hair impatiently and pulled me between her outstretched legs.
"We have made great progress today. You deserve a reward." Her hands snaked around to the back of my head and pressed my face against her soaked slit.
"Lick until I tell you to stop!" Her voice was throaty, demanding. Her need made me hard again. Being used gave me purpose. I immersed myself in the degradation. My mouth sucked on her opening, tonguing the hard nub, licking her sopping hole. Her thighs clamped around my head. Nothing was going to prevent her from releasing the tension she had built from using her sub.
"Uhhh! ... lick faster!" My tongue flicked over her clit as fast as it could move. She squealed and squeezed my head between her thighs. "Get into it! Don't hold back bitch! Act like the cock whore you are!"
I sealed my mouth around her pussy and sucked. Her clit popped against my tongue. I licked frantically and she screamed. Her hips convulsed and her thighs trapped my head in the wake of her orgasm. After several long minutes she released me and I was allowed to breathe normally again.
She sighed. I cleaned her slit and the inside of her thighs with long slow strokes of my tongue. When I finished she pulled me against her lower abdomen and held me there.
"Stay where you belong," she managed. I planted my face between her legs and closed my eyes. I drifted off with the after-odor of sex saturating my senses, satisfied for the first time in days and content to nod off with my face buried in my Domme's crotch.
......
"You don't need to be shy David. Self-denial doesn't suit you," Karla grinned. "Remember that nobody expects you to be a whimpering sissy-boy just because you like to be submissive," she assured me.
I was standing in our kitchen, naked, with my arms hanging loosely at my sides. My wife and her coach Karla sat across the kitchen counter from me, observing and formulating theories about me. Talking about me in the third person, as though I wasn't there until Karla decided I needed some clarity regarding my motivation.
"You like to be dominated and you like to be on display, so you're a bit of an exhibitionist," Karla stated. She wasn't accusing me of being sexually twisted, I realized. There was no moral judgement attached to her words, she was just appraising me.
"But you are probably a little ashamed of your feelings, so despite being very obedient ten minutes ago and stripping, as your wife instructed, your cock is only half-erect. So what can we infer about that? You want to be a man-whore but you're feeling a little guilty about it."
I glanced down covertly, like I didn't want them to see me checking for a hard-on.
"That won't do David. Don't feel ashamed in front of me. I know what you are and I want you to show us that submissive part of you. I want you to do that now David. Kneel and clasp your hands on top of your head. Right now. Don't think about it, just do it!
I managed to get onto my knees without falling. But any will power I had left seemed to flow out of me through my knees into the floor. With my hands clasped on top of my head I stared at Karla's feet unable to speak. I was ashamed of my degrading need but too addicted to stop. Calm, graceful and completely in charge, Karla turned to my wife.
"Is his the first time you have shown his true self to someone else?" she asked.
"This is his first time being naked and on display for anyone but me," Erin confirmed. "I don't think he was anticipating the challenge to his masculinity. Maybe that's hard to imagine until it happens," Erin said quietly in that amused tone of voice that always aroused me. Karla looked at me and smiled.
"Is this what you imagined David?" she asked. "Did you think you'd have control of this situation? No, I'm afraid it doesn't work that way. You'll need to convince me to spend my valuable time on you, David. I haven't even consented to dominate you. You'll have to prove yourself worthy of that privilege, to both of us." Karla glanced at Erin then down at me. "That's better."
There was something in her voice, the authority, the assumption of superiority. I felt like I belonged to her. I would do anything she told me to do. I didn't have to look to know my cock was erect.
"Wider." Her tone was quiet, authoritative and instructive. She was used to being obeyed. I spread my knees as wide apart as possible on the kitchen floor and felt like a total slut. I glanced up at the two women watching me debase myself. They were smiling. They were enjoying the spectacle of a submissive being called to account for denying his nature.
"That's much better." Karla softened her tone of voice. "No sense pretending you don't want me to order you around when we all know you do. That's why I'm here, right? This is what you wanted for your birthday, a triple session with Erin and I."
I blushed. Yes, that was what I asked for. When Erin asked me what I wanted this year I said I wanted an afternoon with her and her dominatrix friend Karla. I wanted to be used without mercy by two women at once. And I wanted those women to be my wife and her captivating black friend Karla, who billed by the hour.
I watched Karla's feet in black leather pumps as she stood and moved around the end of the kitchen counter. I heard the click of her heels; measured, timed, defining the moment. Every little sound seemed exaggerated. My shallow breath pounded in my ears.
"Crawl over here David, crawl on your hands and knees. Think about how excited you are to be a sub for two attractive women. Have you figured out yet that it's not about you and your cock, David? That's right, this afternoon is not really about your pleasure. Your real birthday present is your release from conventional male thinking. You're about to become a pleasure tool this afternoon. You're going to be of service to your wife and I in any way we see fit, and you're going to beg for the privilege."
I crawled to her, ready to beg, eager to please. She perched on a bar stool beside Erin. Wordlessly Erin pointed to the floor between herself and Karla. I stopped between them on all fours, while they sat above me on the kitchen bar stools.
"Stay," Karla instructed me. I felt her high heels on my bare ass. "Erin, you've been working too hard lately," Karla said. Why don't you put your feet up and relax?" My wife crossed her ankles and rested her heels on my back. Karla's stilettos dug into my ass as she leaned down.
"I brought you another gift for your birthday," Karla said. "It's a gift that will help you achieve emancipation from the false doctrine that men should not be subservient." She lifted her heels off my haunches and reached into a large handbag sitting beside her and pulled out a stout leather collar. The kind of collar people bought for big dogs, but slightly different. This collar had four steel D-rings embedded around it at regular intervals. I recognized the BDSM design and felt my erection stiffen. Erin lifted her feet off me in anticipation.
"On your knees sub wannabe. This is an important symbol of your status," Karla informed me with an amused inflection in her voice. Her smooth chocolate-skinned hands held my face immobile while Erin fastened the thick black leather collar on me. From her seated position on the bar stool, Karla tapped my erection lightly with her toe.
"See how hard he stays while he's being collared?" Karla noted. "That's a good indication that he's already been convinced," she murmured, almost to herself.
"Convinced that he's a sub, you mean?" Erin replied.
"Well yeah, but more like he's accepted the fact that he's owned," Karla replied. "It will be so much easier for him to fit into the lifestyle if he doesn't question female authority and his position in the hierarchy." Her hand caressed my face affectionately while Erin locked the collar snuggly around my neck. She looped a finger through one of the D-rings and tugged on the restraint. Satisfied, she snapped the key onto her anklet.
"What lifestyle?" Erin asked. "I'm not sure I'm interested in joining any groups or exhibiting him in front of others," she stated.
"Sure, I know that," Karla replied. "But things can change. I'm just saying that he will get so much more out of the experience if he accepts the premise that he's property now. Yes, exclusively your property, but owned all the same, just like all the other sub-sluts. Isn't that so homo erectus?" Karla joked. She slapped my face playfully then reached down and ran her hand back and forth along the length of my boner until I moaned.
The rest of the afternoon was a blur. I stayed on my knees between the women and lost track of the time. Erin read an article on the Internet and absent-mindedly kept my erection from disappearing by stroking it occasionally with her foot, perhaps unaware of the effect her toes were having on her sub-husband. Karla played with my hair, petting me. I pressed my head against her thigh and closed my eyes. It was an oddly intimate afternoon for the three of us.
"I'm sure this was not what you expected this afternoon David." Karla murmured softly. "But you need to learn that your expectations come second now. What your Domme wants is what you will do. No questions, no hesitations, your desires belong to me now and I will grant them if I see fit. Never forget; your sexual needs are your Domme's prerogative. She may allow you certain rewards for good behavior, but that is her call now."
Karla held my head against the inside of her thigh while she stroked my face. Her smooth palm skimmed over me, raising goose bumps on my skin. Quick, delicate brown fingers played with my ears and opened my mouth.
"Suck my fingers." It was half plea and half demand. It felt right. I sucked. I let my tongue explore her fingertips.
Erin stopped reading and uncrossed her legs. She trapped my cock between her feet and started masturbating it. I closed my eyes again and slowly fucked my wife's feet while I licked and sucked on Karla's fingers.
Without a word, Karla took her fingers out of my mouth and grabbed a handful of my hair. She jerked my head back and sealed her lips over mine then forced her tongue into my mouth. My arms hung at my sides, useless. Karla seized my head with both hands and leaned into the kiss. Except it was not just a kiss. It was a violation. It was a demand for my surrender. And it was a promise of things to come.
Suddenly Erin released my cock and sat up on her stool, as though responding to some hidden cue. She smiled as Karla let my head go and unsealed her lips from mine then sat on the bar stool and crossed her legs.
"Time's up birthday boy," Karla smiled. "It has truly been a pleasure Erin. Thank you for inviting me over." Karla put her hand affectionately on Erin's arm and glanced down at me, still kneeling between the two women, strangely content with my status.
"Please feel free to drop by anytime Karla," Erin replied. "Even if it's not by the hour." The women laughed and Erin walked Karla to the door after Karla kissed me lightly on the lips. Just a kiss goodbye, affectionate, unlike the sexually demanding, invasive act of dominance she had just finished inflicting on me. Karla seemed to have be a wide repertoire of emotional responses.
"I'm sure I'll be seeing more of you," she said. "I have many things to show you David. Remember, we all play roles, what's real is just a question of how convincing we can be." She stared at me oddly for a moment then left.
I stayed on my knees, naked, collared, still handcuffed, still erect, listening to the women say goodbye and eager to be used again.