I'm a 35 year old woman who guys call nicely curved with great legs. Whatever I am is easily observable, because I am flat on my back, legs spread and bound to two posts of a four-poster bed. My arms are over my head, bound at the wrists. I would be naked except for tiny white bikini panties, selected because my husband likes the way they look against my dark complexion. He also likes the ideas of helpless and close-to-naked. So do I.
Matt and I have been married for four years. We are swingers, but highly selective; six or sometimes eight of us meeting in a rural residence, nicely separated from the rest of civilization.
Of course, people fuck one another now and then, but a favorite activity is creating unique games. A favorite theme is teasing, and I am about to be teased... or at least they will try.
My "they" are Ricardo and Ned. Hubby Matt is going to watch from a chair in the corner. Matt also handled the bondage duties, but let me say emphatically, that he is not being cucked. Matt loves stuff like this, and I try to be the kind of woman who is willing to make sacrifices to please her man. (If you knew me better, you would have laughed out loud just now.)
So here's the game that one of our inventive minds came up with. Time limit is ten minutes. Ricardo and Ned cannot touch me except that they may whisper in my ear, and lips and tongue are allowed to make contact with my ear. I win the game if I simply tell the guys they can leave the room after ten minutes, and I will be rewarded in any way I request. I lose the game if I decide to ask them to stay.
One more thing: Ricardo is classic Latino. darkly, angularly handsome. Ned is a blue-eyed, wavy-haired jock who played college level football, and still could.
The guys came into the room wearing sleeveless jock-shirts and loose fitting jogging shorts. I had an immediate instinct to cover myself, at least to close my thighs somehow. I felt myself struggle briefly against the restraints but quickly realized how hopeless it was. So I just waited for the two manly men who were my opponents.
Ned stood at the foot of the bed, giving him and Matt the same view. To Matt, it doesn't get better than helplessly spread legs and the barely-there panties that he loves so much. Ricardo was standing beside my head; he said "You are very beautiful, Miss Sandra. Are you comfortable?
The rules say that I'm not required to respond, but this question seemed safe enough. "As comfortable as you can be when someone has spreadeagled you."
"You are very sexy." Ricardo scanned my body as he walked to about my waist. "You are incredibly sexy." He walked back, the dark eyes looking deep into my eyes, "although I wish they had spread your legs even more." I stayed silent, all answers seemed dangerous.
Ricardo looked puzzled. "Miss Sandra, why are your nipples so erect, so soon?" I stayed silent again but could not be surprised by his question. My throat was already going dry. It was hard to swallow.
Ned, the blue-eyed jock said, "Know what I'd do right now, if I was allowed to touch her?"
Ricardo looked toward his partner. "What would you do?"
"I'd make those panties disappear.."
"How? Her legs are bound?"
Ned slid onto the bed, on his knees -- not touching my thighs, but awfully close. "I'd take them in both my hands and rip them off of her."
Ricardo's tone became mock concern. "But, Ned, Miss Sandra would be angry with us. They are nice panties. They look new."
Ned smiled confidently. "She wouldn't be angry for long. She would thank me."
"Are you saying you would fuck her, even while she's tied?"
"Like she's never been fucked in her life."
"Wouldn't it be fair to flip a coin to see who fucks her first?"
"If I rip off her panties, I will have her first."
Ricardo nodded assent. "Could I suck on her breasts and nipples while you are fucking her."
"Yes, my friend, and then we will trade places." I was now working hard to remain calm-looking and silent. Then Ricardo ended calm-looking and silent.
"Can we untie and re-tie her as I will prefer fucking her from behind?"
Ned smiled, "Yes, my friend, I'll be happy to assist you."
Ricardo again looked into my eyes, his dark eyes even more intense, "Talk to me Miss Sandra, are you aroused by the thought of Ned and I fucking and sucking you at the same time."
Although my breathing was growing ragged, I knew I needed to fight back in a game that wasn't going well for me. "No, it doesn't turn me on at all."
He frowned. "I am surprised, especially as I think about how helpless you will be, how Ned will have the shreds of your panties in his pocket while his giant cock is deep inside you."
He moved to directly above my head. "My cock is large, as well. It is very close to you. It is hard, and it is ready." His emphasis on the IT IS READY was clearly, intentionally, powerfully masculine. I knew I was in serious trouble.
I heard Ned's voice, "I don't need to touch her to know that her panties are very wet." My hips suddenly spasmed. My breathing had gone shallow, with gasps I couldn't stop.
Ricardo leaned toward my ear, "Did you lie to me, Miss Sandra? Don't wet panties mean you are aroused...at least a little."
I tried to remember that I was in a game, that I should fight back. But all I could manage was a hoarsely whispered, "No. I told you the truth."
Ricardo leaned toward me, his mouth beside my ear, his voice soft. "I will now tell you what will happen in the next few minutes if you allow it to happen. Ned will begin kissing and licking you from your knees to your thighs to you panties. He will push your panties aside and tease your clit, then fuck you with his tongue. He will ask you whether you are ready to lose your panties. You will say 'no' but he will ignore you. He will take your panties in his hands and your hips will be thrust upward by a powerful pull then the sound of cloth ripping. You will struggle to avoid him, but while I am caressing your breasts and teasing your nipples, his tongue will invade you again. Your body will soon yield to us completely and you will scream as you cum."
I could barely breathe. During my last mental moment, I wondered who wrote his script, but then he finished me off. His tongue was poking and swirling inside my ear.. the whisper intense. "And then Ned will replace his tongue with his powerful cock. waiting at the very edge of your pussy, beginning to open you even wider, and you will know that my cock is also ready and will soon be in you. fucking you, making you cum, over and over..."
I was very near orgasm, barely hanging on. His tongue lightly rimmed my ear, and he whispered gently, almost lovingly. "And it can all come true for you, Miss Sandra, right now, if you simply say the words "Fuck me."
My hips were twisting in the restraints, trying to reach up toward Ned's mouth and tongue. Pleading eyes met Ricardo's expectant gaze. And I whispered, "Fuck me... Please, please fuck me."