As Ruth Williams and Vera Starikovich reached Chicago they were greeted by Jasmine, Ruth's oldest sister, at the bus station. After introductions were made, Jasmine had no objection to taking Vera back to the Williams home on Excalibur Street; after all Ruth was the owner and Jasmine had her own place. Vera's personality soon won Jasmine over and when Vera was introduced to the other Williams sisters, she quickly won them over as well.
Alisha and Vera became natural fast friends. Being of the same age and both pregnant inevitably cemented their particular friendship. Alisha loved sharing her room with Vera because her apprehensions of being pregnant so young were eased as she now had a roommate in exactly the same condition. Likewise, Vera benefitted from Alisha's friendship as it prevented her from feeling alone in her situation.
Vera was not homesick although she missed her family. Since her greatest desire was to move out of Crystal Springs, she was going to make the most of being in Chicago for the time being. She knew when she returned to Crystal Springs with her baby it would only be for a few years. She knew that once having tasted life in Chicago she would never want to remain in Mississippi.
During the next few days Vera was satisfactorily settled in. Jasmine and Ruth arranged all the social welfare details so that Vera was able to take advantage of all government programs both federal and state that were available to her. As Ruth had predicted Vera was not much of a burden on the Williams sisters' household and Vera became as self sufficient as she possibly could have been given her age and the fact that she was living in a strange city far away from her home.
Raven, Ruth's 20 year old sister, was indeed able to obtain employment for Vera as a busser at the restaurant where she was working. Vera was a very determined female who when her mind was made up succeeded at anything she attempted. She excelled so much as a busser that the management of the restaurant promoted her to a server within a few weeks after she had started. Vera carried herself so maturely that the restaurant management had no reason to suspect that Vera was really younger than the eighteen years of age as she had told them. Vera had cleverly utilized her older sister's driver license to obtain the position but was able to have her true SS number applied for her wages, so she never had tax problems. Raven did not think it was any of her business to make the restaurant aware of Vera's true age.
With her government assistance, Larry's money and her earnings at the restaurant, Vera was at least financially capable of taking care of her expected baby. Within a few days of arrival Ruth scheduled an appointment for Vera with the obstetrician/gynecologist, Dr Elizabeth Barrett, who was also the doctor looking after Alisha. The visit to the doctor's office confirmed that Vera was pregnant, and her suspected due date of Feb 15 was consistent with the doctor's examination of her.
After a week as she was well settled and her pregnancy confirmed, Vera could no longer delay contacting her family to let them know of her situation. She hoped in talking to her father that something of a positive note might emerge. Since her sister Anna had already been pregnant, she knew that her parents would take a more realistic approach rather than getting hysterical at the fact that she was pregnant at such a young age. However, she also knew that her father would vehemently oppose her plan of giving birth and would insist on her getting an abortion. She could only hope that since she was in Chicago her father would have no choice but to accept her plan since he was virtually powerless to do otherwise.
The conversation went as badly as she could have expected, "Hello Daddy, it's Vera, I am calling from Chicago."
"Chicago? What the hell are you doing in Chicago? Your mother told me you went to Gulfport to visit your friend Courtney."
"I am pregnant Dad. That's why I'm in Chicago."
Having already dealt with another daughter's previous pregnancy Leonid Starikovich was not shocked by this news. He fully grasped the situation and so responded, "So that's why you're in Chicago to have an abortion. Did your boyfriend give you money, because I know I sure as hell didn't? I guess it is a smart move to go so far away. No one here in Crystal Springs will be the wiser of your ah accident."
"Yes, Dad my boyfriend did give me the money for an abortion, but I'm not going through with it. I am going to have my baby."
"What? Don't talk such rubbish Vera. You have to take this matter seriously. This foolish notion of not terminating your pregnancy is just that, plain foolishness. My God Vera you are only thirteen. You haven't even started high school. You are too young to be a mother."
At this point Vera was glad she was talking on the phone rather than face to face with him. She knew in person he would never relent, but would brow beat her to submission and quickly take her to an abortion clinic before she could change her mind. On the phone she was emboldened to stick to her guns and maintain her resolve. So she replied, "Maybe so but abortion is murder. And I will not be a murderer."
"Your sister Anna had an abortion. So is she a murderer?"
"You forced her to have an abortion."
"So you are calling me a murderer?"
"If the shoe fits."
"Look Vera I had enough of your lip. I want you to be sensible. The law says I must look after you until you are an adult, but the law does not require me to look after your baby. You are welcome to come home alone. If you don't get an abortion, then at least give up the baby for adoption. If you show up at my doorstep with a child, I will take it to the Children Protective Services. Don't doubt me on this point. You understand what I'm saying?"
"Yes Dad I understand."
Vera hung up the phone and immediately started crying. Ruth was nearby to hear the conversation at least Vera's side of it but she did not understand a word and so she had no idea what in the conversation had upset Vera.
Vera and her father spoke in Russian. Leonid, although conceding and expecting his children to become completely American, nevertheless wanted them to be aware of their Russian heritage. To this end he allowed no English to be spoken in his home, only Russian. The rule was so strict that the children spoke in Russian amongst themselves in addition to their parents. They were so used to it that they spoke Russian between themselves even when out in public.
The Starikovich children attended public schools in Crystal Springs, but Grusha, homeschooled her children in Russian grammar and literature. Thus, although Vera's predominant language of use was English; her mother tongue was Russian, and she was as fluent as if she had grown up in Russia.
That being the case, once Vera diminished her sobbing, Ruth surmised, "I take it Vera that you speak another language with your father?"
Knowing that Ruth was obliquely questioning her as to the result of her conversation, Vera replied, "Yes we only speak Russian amongst ourselves. My father told me that he wouldn't allow me back unless I got rid of my child either by abortion or by giving it up for adoption. He further went on to say that if I did show up with a child, he would turn it over to the government child services. If I want to keep my child, I apparently will have to be a stranger to my family. God this sucks!"
With that said Vera broke into another crying fit. Ruth wrapped her arms around Vera comforting her with soothing hugs. Ruth assured, "There! There, Vera! It's going to be all right. If you do decide to keep your child, you can stay here as long as you want. My sisters love you already as an additional sister and I know you are most welcome to stay as far as they are concerned."
With these gentle and generous words Vera cried even more forcefully as she was overwhelmed by the kindness offered by a stranger and contrasting it with the harshness of her own father. Finally when she subsided in her sobbing, Vera replied, "If I want to keep it? No, I have already gone past the point of no return as to deciding to keep my baby. I would keep it even without your kind offer. Oh Ruth I can never repay you for your kindness. Are you sure? I have no claim to compel you to act so generously."
"Hush Vera of course, I am sure. You are a sister to me just as much as my other actual sisters. Let's have no more talk about kindness. We will concentrate on planning your future, your baby and your schooling. You still want to go to school don't you?"
"Oh yes Ruth I do want to go to school as much as ever. Still though, I do want to take this coming school year off. I want to get organized, and I want to realistically be able to raise my child without burdening you and your sisters unduly."
"Let's have no more talk about burdens either, Vera. That's what sisters are for; to help each other when in need. Now I do think it is a wise decision to postpone your schooling for a year. As your birthday is in October, you would not be seriously much older than your classmates once you resume your education next year. Alisha will start high school since we have well prepared her, and she will be a great help to you once you start school as a new mother."
Thus, Vera's residency in the Excalibur Street home became permanent. The riff with her father was established as he would not accept any calls from her and he did not allow her to talk with her mother, either. However, Leonid did allow Vera to remain in touch with her sisters. So, while still only thirteen years old, in essence Vera Starikovich had become an adult with adult responsibilities.
Vera fitted right in with the Williams sisters who truly accepted and treated her as an actual sister. Alisha and Vera with their common interests and condition in life were inseparable and so Vera was about as happy as she could be given her circumstances.
The real new excitement in Vera's life was provided by hearing about the sex life of Ruth Williams. The young matriarch of the Excalibur Street home was an exceptionally beautiful African-American woman. She was big, 6'2" tall with a solid gorgeous female body to go with her height. She had curly dark hair flowing down to her shoulders. She possessed big luscious soft lips which her male sex partners loved to have wrapped around their cocks. Ruth exuded both sexiness but also professionalism. Heads turned to her whenever she passed by.
She was a nurse anesthetist working at North Central Memorial, one of Chicago's largest hospitals. Because of her stunning good looks, she was constantly being pursued by the predatory horny doctors. To the joy of these medical Lotharios, Ruth was not averse to their advances as she was prepared to fuck anyone who asked so long as the action did not interfere with her duties. Ruth was an excellent and a conscientious nurse, so her work came first before play.
Fortunately, there was lots of opportunity for play during her shifts at North Central Memorial to satisfy Ruth's sexual appetites. Although Ruth's burden of raising her younger sisters had eased greatly as her sisters got older, she still did not have a very active social life. Her work was very demanding and given her domestic duties at home left her usually dog tired that she rarely went out on dates. Thus, most of the sex she enjoyed usually took place at the hospital during her breaks.
A few months previous to Vera's arrival, Ruth was being fucked in a spacious linen storage closet. She was standing up, but she was bent down with her upper torso resting on a table. Her skirt was pulled up and her panties were at her ankles to allow her male partner to fuck her from the rear while he was standing up as well. Although Ruth was grunting joyously to the thrusts of her lover's penis, she heard the door of the room open.
She turned her head around to see that a nurse's aide whom she vaguely was familiar with, had entered and was staring at their action. Ruth's partner was apparently oblivious of the intrusion as he kept fucking her. As Ruth kept eye contact with the nurse's aide, she broke into a huge, wicked smile, winked and intensified her grunting.
The woman reddened in embarrassment and quickly left the room. Ruth's subsequent orgasm was absolutely exquisite and energy draining. She did not immediately recover from her climax as she normally did. Thinking back on the incident Ruth realized she truly got off on being discovered in a sexually compromising position. Thus, she reasoned that exhibitionism must be one of her sexual proclivities and rather than being ashamed she was determined to plan to satisfy this desire.
With such thoughts, an opportunity to indulge in this fetish came her way and she took advantage. One of the hospital's operating theaters was closed for repairs and renovations. As the repairs were undertaken by union contractors the work proceeded deliberately and slowly. Thus, the room was vacant constantly for hours at a time.
One day a senior doctor, who had enjoyed Ruth's favors before, approached her to schedule a rendezvous. He had a key so that he could get into that room and suggested a time about forty-five minutes after the end of her shift which would be the earliest time, he would be free for that day and when the room would be empty of workers. Ruth agreed but asked for the key as she intended getting there earlier to set up their favorite prostate examination game. The doctor knowingly smiled as he sure did enjoy playing that game and thus handed the key to Ruth.
Ruth phoned home to alert Alisha and Vera that she had an unexpected appointment at the hospital and that when she came home, she would bring some pizza before she had to return to the hospital for the appointment. The Excalibur St home was close enough to the hospital for Ruth to be able to pick up the pizza for the girls. Then she would have time to rush to her room to pick up her bag of dildos for the prostrate examination game and return to the hospital in time for the scheduled rendezvous.
Then she phoned her sisters Jasmine and Kiara to ask them to come to the hospital at the time she set so she could take them out to a spur of the moment dinner to celebrate a tremendous achievement she had at the hospital. Then as Jasmine and Kiara arrived at Ruth's station at the set time set, and as Ruth had returned from the quick trip home she replied, "Oh shit girls! I forgot I am supposed to meet Dr Taylor in the operating room for special instructions. Look why don't you two come and sit in the spectator's gallery while I have the conference with the doctor. You can see and hear everything and if you are interested in anything you see you can ask me questions later. Just be quiet and watch and don't interrupt, OK?"
Unsuspecting of any untoward motive by Ruth, Jasmine and Kiara merely nodded in agreement. As Ruth hustled her sisters into their seats in the seating gallery of the operating room providing a clear view of the operating floor, Ruth admonished, "OK then, I believe he will be here soon. Please be quiet and just watch so that Dr Taylor does not lose his concentration when he is with me."
Still not suspecting anything the sisters grunted their assent almost in boredom. However, they soon became curious as Ruth donned a lab coat over her nurse's uniform and took objects out of a bag and spread them on the operating table. Seeing and realizing that the objects were dildos, it dawned on them that something unusual was about to transpire and so they waited quietly.
Dr Taylor soon entered. He was tall and wiry. He had thinning hair and was in his late forties. His appearance was tolerable not good looking but not ugly either. But from Ruth's perspective his best feature was a more than adequate cock and he was very skilled in its use. She had enjoyed her past sexual experiences with him.
Once in the room Dr Taylor started their sexual game, he said, "Nurse Williams I understand you have been schooled in the latest techniques for prostrate examinations?"
"Oh yes Dr Taylor, I have been instructed to conduct such examinations which some consider as avant-garde but seem to provide promising results. As you know every man should have a prostrate exam and so I am happy to undertake this new type of examination for you; for your health of course."
"Yes that would be nice Nurse Williams and can you tell me more?"
"Well sir as you know the standard prostrate exam consists of the patient having to lower his pants to expose his rear end, and this applies to the new exam technique as well."
"Then I guess I should lower my pants as well, Nurse Williams?"
As Dr Taylor undid his pants and lowered his briefs, Ruth started rubbing his buttocks and replied, "Oh yes Dr Taylor this part of the new exam is the same as the traditional exam. Oh I feel you have a nice firm rear. Strong to my touch. I suspect you will pass the exam with ease."
"What's next Nurse Williams?"
"Well as you know in the traditional exam the patient must face the examination couch or table and this is the same for the new exam technique as well."
Dr Taylor turned to face the operating table and asked, "Like this?"
"Yes sir. Now in the traditional exam the patient is asked to stand with feet apart, and this also applies to the new technique exam as well."
"Like this?"
"Oh yes sir that is just fine. Now in the traditional exam the patient is asked to bend forward so his forearms and elbows are resting on the table and once again this remains the same."
"Like this?"
"Oh yes that is just perfect. Now we have come to the point where the exams differ. As you know in the traditional exam the examining physician will don a surgical glove and insert his finger in the patient's rectum."
Dr Taylor shuddered. "Yes I am aware of that."
"Some men find such intrusion disgusting especially if the examining physician is a male. Some find it even painful."
"Yes that is true."
"So the new exam technique suggests that rather than a finger instead a tongue can be utilized as a substitute to probe the gland."
"Yes, but would that not be off putting to most men if the examining physician is a man?"
"Quite so Dr Taylor and that's why I have been instructed in the new exam technique."
"I have great confidence in your abilities Nurse Williams."
"Thank you, sir I hope to earn your trust. Now I am parting your buttocks so that I shall have plenty of room to apply my tongue properly on your anus."
Ruth having conveniently positioned herself for her task, then started licking Dr Taylor's ass hole enthusiastically. Knowing that Jasmine and Kiara were watching Ruth was inspired to give the good doctor a thorough tongue wash. In between licks, Ruth kept up a running commentary to which Dr Taylor was compelled to respond, "The beauty of the new exam technique is that the tongue is gentle and not harsh. Thus there is no pain."
"Oh yes very gentle and so very good!"
"The tongue is soothing and helps relax the sphincter muscles."
"Oh yes very soothing indeed!"
"The one drawback to the new exam technique is that it takes longer to complete. As the examiner I have become sweaty, so I must undress a bit. I do not want to ruin my uniform."
With this said Ruth started undressing while still continuing to lick Dr Taylor's ass hole. He replied, "Yes the examination has caused me to be sweaty as well and I've become somewhat uncomfortable. I need to remove my clothes as well so that this exam will finish smoothly."
"Of course, with your clothes off the results of your exam will be more accurate."
With very little interruption to the licking of his ass by Ruth, Dr Taylor was soon completely naked while Ruth had only her bra and thong on. To fully enjoy the fantasy of their game both tried to comport themselves as if they were engaged in an authentic and legitimate medical examination, but the delicious sensations caused by her tongue compelled Dr Taylor to moan in ecstasy.
Ruth how grasped his fully erect penis and started stroking it gently. She purred: "We are coming to the end of this new technique's process, but I believe it would be convenient to do a penile examination as well. It is important to maintain good health and as a professional nurse I can assure you that I am very proficient in this procedure as well."
"Oh yes Nurse Williams please proceed. I am aware of your skills and so I know I am in good hands."
"As you know in the traditional prostate exam a finger is inserted in the rectum to determine the state of the prostate gland. My tongue has been able to determine that all is fine, but it is not as completely accurate as to the findings a finger would yield. Therefore, as I proceed in earnest with the penile examination, I shall insert this dildo in your rectum. If during my inspection of your penis you suffer no discomfort with the object in your rectum, in fact if you even enjoy having the object in your rectum while I examine your penis then we may be certain your prostate gland is in fine shape."
"Oh yes Nurse Williams I understand the nature of this new technique and I am ready."
With that said Ruth stopped licking his ass hole, grabbed one of the dildos on the table and inserted it into Dr Taylor's rectum. The good doctor gasped at the invasion but otherwise refrained from protesting. Ruth turned him around and swallowed his cock to commence an exotic fellatio.
After a few nips and sucks, on his cock, Ruth declared, "I believe that for this inspection to yield accurate results, you will need a visual aid. Therefore I am removing my bra so that you can stare at my breasts during my exam of your penis. You are encouraged to touch them as well so as to increase your concentration. Touching, pinching and squeezing my breasts will have the added benefit that it will provide me with the impetus to perfect my penile inspection."
Ruth did undo her bra and tossed it aside. The good doctor gasped in exultation as Ruth displayed a spectacular set of jugs. At this point the pretense of an authentic medical examination was forgotten as pure lust seized control of their minds. Both began moaning and groaning passionately as Ruth was providing a vigorous blow job.
Soon Dr Taylor was ejaculating a copious amount of sperm into Ruth's mouth. Once she was sure he had expelled the last drop of cum he had to provide, she allowed his cock to slip out of her mouth. Then turning her head so that she was facing the spot where she sensed Jasmine and Kiara were watching from, Ruth opened her mouth as wide as she could to display her mouth full of cum. Then she closed her mouth and visibly ingested the sperm. She then reopened her mouth to display her now empty oral cavity to her observing sisters. Then with a huge smile she turned to Dr Taylor and reverting back to the fantasy mode purred huskily:
"Judging by the taste of your penile discharge I would say you appear to be in very good health. I can confidently state that my examination of you was a complete success."
Playing along, Dr Taylor replied, "Well now Nurse Williams, as I am a doctor and capable of conducting reliable health check-ups on the spot and since you are already in a condition to allow for a thorough examination, I suggest we not waste the opportunity to ascertain that you are personally in good health as well."
"Oh that is so kind and thoughtful of you and I am ever so grateful. Just let me remove my thong so that you have unfettered access to my body for your purposes."
Having then removed her thong, Ruth tossed it aside and was now absolutely naked. She then asked in her sultriest voice, "There Doctor I am ready for you. Please proceed."
"Put yourself in the same position I was in when you first applied your tongue on my anus. I will then commence my examination of you by applying my tongue on yours. Of course, since you are a woman my examination will not have the same purpose. Instead, I am simply looking for your reaction to my oral stimulation in order to determine if you are in good health."
"Whatever you say! You are the doctor."
However, as soon as the good doctor started to lick on her ass, Ruth found the pleasure sensation totally overwhelming. She no longer could pretend the fantasy game, but instead gave way to her normal lusts. She started literally screaming, "Oh fuck Doctor Taylor! Oh shit! Of fuck that's good! That's so fucking good!"
"Call me Rick! My first name is Rick!"
"Oh fuck Rick! Oh fuck you're making me so hot! I can't stand it! I can't play anymore! Just shove your fucking cock in me and start fucking me! I can't wait for your cock any longer!"
Then Ruth, while the good doctor was still licking her ass, broke away scrambled onto the top of the operating table. On her hands and knees, wiggling her ass, Ruth screamed:
"Fuck me Rick. Fuck me like a dog. I'm a bitch in heat!"
The good doctor got up on the table. Hurriedly, despite now in a frantic haste, was able to mount her from the rear and successfully penetrate her vagina. He lost his cool and just drove his cock hard and deep into her, shaking her breasts violently with every thrust. Ruth kept encouraging him to even increase the tempo.
Ruth gasped and urged, "That's it Rick! Fuck me good! Fuck that pussy! Harder! Faster! More! Don't stop. Just fuck me good!"
The two of them soon reached simultaneously what felt to their minds to be an earth shattering orgasm. Ruth literally howled. Rick Taylor actually screamed although at least his sound was manly. They kept being noisy while he was still cumming. Once his sperms spurts ceased Ruth began whimpering as she sensed the intense edge of her sexual excitement was starting to ebb. As they separated, they noticed each other sweating profusely.
Dr Taylor leaving the table grabbed Ruth's lab coat as the best substitute for a towel available. Using the coat to wipe off the perspiration from his forehead, he clothed himself. Once dressed and upon leaving the room, reverting to the fantasy game he remarked, "I believe your reactions to my stimulations suggest very good health. I am grateful for the prostate exam. I am sure I will need some more as one can never be too sure about one's health."
Ruth exhaustingly sighed, "Anytime Dr Taylor, I'm happy to be available for you. And of course, I'm likewise grateful for your attention to my needs."
As soon as it was absolutely certain that Dr Taylor was no longer in the room, Jasmine and Kiara left their seats and entered the room. Ruth remained naked lying on her stomach waiting for her sexual euphoria to dissipate.
Jasmine remarked, "Well, I can see why you like your job Ruth. I would imagine there must be a waiting list amongst you nurses to qualify as the new technique examiners."
Kiara added, "That Dr Taylor sure knows how to give a great 'medical check-up'*. (*air quote) I sure wouldn't mind undergoing one of his check-ups."
Ruth giggled along with the girls, and asked, "So girls did you like the show? Did you enjoy watching me being fucked?"
Jasmine replied, "Oh yes I was very excited. My pussy got so wet. Especially when you showed us your mouth full of cum and then swallowed it. I believe my pussy has never been so wet before, even after I've cum from fingering myself. But tell me Ruth, you obviously knew we were watching so did you get off on that knowing we were there?"
"Of course! That's why I planned and arranged for you two to watch me after I made my appointment with Dr Taylor. There is something super exciting about knowing that someone is watching me fuck. I bet I'd make a great porn star.
After Ruth got dressed, she treated her sisters for dinner as she had promised. Then the three of them returned to the Excalibur St home to relate the happenings at the hospital to the rest of the sisters including Vera.
Besides recounting her sex life Ruth took Alisha and Vivian shopping and the girls were well set for baby clothes. Alisha was better equipped since she knew she was having a son. Vera had decided she did not want to know the sex of her child beforehand so she bought baby clothes for her baby that she felt would be suitable for either sex, Vera was of the opinion there was no definite male clothes vs. definite female clothes for babies under one year of age anyway.
In October Raven moved out to share an apartment with a friend. Alisha then took over that room to allow Vera to have her own bedroom; alone for the first time in her life. As the fifth daughter of a family that consisted of eventually nine children Vera always shared a bedroom with one to three sisters. To have a room all to herself was a luxury that she sure appreciated.
Of course once her baby was born, she would again be sharing her room, but it would be a different kind of sharing in that she would still have the feeling of her own privacy. After all, how she set up the room would be her exclusive prerogative as her baby would be too young to complain.
Alisha duly delivered her son to the world about a week before Thanksgiving. She named him Reginald Dexter Williams; Reginald after her biological father, Dexter was the maiden name of the mother of the Williams sisters and the married name of the grandmother who had owned the Excalibur Street home before Ruth. Since her boyfriend and lover had long departed from the scene, and would not be part of Reginald's life, Alisha had no inclination to use his name in naming her son. Vera helped look after Reginald of course and thus she got some motherhood experience before she herself became a mother.
Vera was a descendant of sturdy Russian peasant stock. She grew up with her mother recounting tales of burly Russian farm women who would work at the farm the day before birthing their child and resume their farm work duties within days after giving birth. Thus, it never dawned on her to take it easy because she was pregnant. Whenever she was admonished from being too energetic given her pregnant condition Vera was fond of retorting that she was merely pregnant not disabled.
Vera still did her fair share of household duties at the Excalibur St home. Being very cognizant of her need for money she did not miss any shift at the restaurant and was eager to fill in and substitute for any co-worker who could not work any particular assigned shift. As her pregnancy advanced her supervisors became concerned at the physical toll on her pregnant body. After Christmas Vera was assigned to help the office manager in the bookkeeping for the restaurant, with the idea that such task would alleviate the physical demands of her server's duties.
Although Vera had not yet attended a class in high school, she had no problem in handling her new assignment at the restaurant. Unlike most of her female peers she had no aversion to mathematics and had an affinity for numbers. After a week working in the office, Vera concluded that her life's calling would be to become an accountant and so she made a mental note to herself that in planning her future education she would keep this goal in mind. She still worked as a server, but her less physically demanding bookkeeping time kept her from becoming totally fatigued by her work.
As a result, she ignored all advice to take it easy. Vera's attitude was that she was young and healthy and there was no reason that just because she was pregnant, she should "slack" off. She had frequent arguments with Ruth and Raven about taking time off from the restaurant. But Vera was determined, and they could not dissuade her. She even extracted a promise from Raven that she would not reveal Vera's due date in case the restaurant insisted Vera would take time off near her due date.
As it stood Vera's supervisors were wondering when to stop scheduling her for work as she became larger from her pregnancy. The supervisors though believed that Vera would sensibly indicate to them when she no longer could not work and so consequently continued to pencil her in the work rotation for the restaurant. Vera despite her very pregnant body, and her waddling instead of walking continued working. She was still a very efficient server. Her customers were so impressed that they gave her tips much more than what they would have otherwise intended.
On February 13, Vera was only scheduled for a half shift as a server having traded the shift with a co-worker. She was on duty from lunch to before the dinner crowds would start. Before she headed to the restaurant for her shift, Vera was feeling the occasional contraction. In her own young inexperienced mind, she thought she might be in the start of labor, but she felt she surely could handle the short shift of work before she needed to be truly concerned. So she reported to work.
Despite by now experiencing more severe contractions which made her visibly flinch, Vera was able to carry on her server's duties. With less than an hour before the end of her shift, upon taking an order and submitting it to the kitchen, her water broke as she was standing near the kitchen door and therefore making the frequent traffic area very slippery. Vera, not sure as to what was happening to her, started to panic and was most upset at the mess she was responsible for. She started crying and was apologizing profusely for her accident.
Raven who was also on duty upon seeing Vera knew exactly what had happened. Annoyed by Vera's insistence on working and creating this scene, Raven nevertheless knew she had to help and so took charge of the situation, "Oh be quiet you ninny! Your water broke that's all. There is no need to panic as someone will clean it up. But you are going to have your baby now and you need to get to the hospital. I'll get the manager to OK me to take you to North Central and drop you off there. I'll call Ruth and she can take over once you get there."
So it transpired that Raven got permission to drive Vera to the hospital on the proviso she return immediately to handle the expected dinner crowd. Raven also was able to contact Ruth who was in the process of finishing her shift at the hospital for the day and apprise her of the situation. Ruth took control of Vera as soon as Raven dropped her off at the main entrance of the hospital.
Ruth got Vera admitted and processed with efficiency. Vera was duly whisked to a labor room with a minimum of delay. Dr Barrett was duly alerted and as she happened to be on call that night was able to be summoned to see Vera within one hour of Vera's admittance.
When Dr Barrett examined Vera, she was totally flabbergasted, "My God Vera, you are almost fully dilated, and you could be delivering any time now. You must have been experiencing frequent fierce contractions even before your water broke. Why didn't you call me earlier?"
"Well, I was pretty sure my baby was going to be born tomorrow so I thought I could get one more shift in at the restaurant. Therefore, I felt there was no need to call you beforehand. As it was, I almost made it before my water broke. I had only an hour left to go in my shift."
Dr Barrett asked exasperatedly, "So what, you have a crystal ball to tell you when you are going to deliver your baby? You must remember at your first visit that I advised you that an absolutely normal birth, without any complications whatsoever, can occur up to two weeks before the projected due date, and up to two weeks after such date. So why are you working so close to your due date? Come to think of it, you are only fourteen years old, why are you working at all?"
"I may be only fourteen years old, but I am obviously old enough to bear a child. And if I am old enough to give birth to a child, surely I am old enough to work."
"OK! OK! I'm not going to argue. But back to my original point; you must have felt some severe contractions before you even went to work. Did you not realize or consider that you might be in labor and that you ought to contact me?"
"Well yes I considered the possibility but then I knew my baby wasn't going to be born until tomorrow so I thought it was good odds that I could get one more shift in especially since it was only a half shift. I do need all the money I could earn."
"Again, what's with your crystal ball? How did you know your baby was going to be born tomorrow? Actually, as the way things stand it is probably fifty-fifty whether your baby is born after midnight i.e. tomorrow or be born before and ergo born today."
"I was born in Jackson and grew up in Crystal Springs, MS. My pregnancy caused me to change my residence to Chicago, IL. I understand that a significant crime known as the St Valentine's Day Massacre occurred on this date in Chicago sometime during the Great Depression. I have a premonition that I was led to Chicago to give birth to a child who will become famous enough to bring joy to the world and thereby remove the stain this anniversary date has on Chicago. After all St Valentine's Day is a date celebrating lovers and should not be remembered for murder."
Ruth who was in the room to keep Vera company, and provide support and comfort for the birth, broke out laughing hysterically. She felt Vera was pulling the doctor's leg since she knew Vera was a very pragmatic girl for her age. Ruth believed that Vera just decided to enlarge the initial wry observation she first made to Ruth on the bus trip simply in order to avoid being chastised.
Dr Barrett just rolled her eyes at Vera's unbelievable explanation and merely replied, "Well in any case there was no harm done by your delay; both you and the baby seem to be doing fine. As I said you are almost fully dilated, so your baby can come at any time now. Nurse Williams, I know you do not specialize in maternity but I wonder, as you are already here, if as a favor to me you would stay with Vera and watch her progress. One of our nurses scheduled tonight has called in sick and we have not yet obtained a replacement. It will relieve the pressure on the other nurses on duty here in the maternity ward if you monitor Vera and make the decision when to summon the delivery team. I may need you to assist at the delivery. And I'll make sure you're compensated your regular anesthetist rate. And of course, you're authorized to administer an epidural if Vivian requires it.."
"No problem, Doctor Barrett. Vera is like a sister to me, and I would be with her during her labor anyways."
Vera was not serious in her explanation to Dr Barrett. Remembering what she had previously said on the bus trip, she instinctively concocted this story by building on her initial sardonic comment to Ruth. Basically, she was trying to hide her embarrassment that she did not recognize her contractions as a certain beginning to her labor. Since she had helped Alisha in her labor, she was mortified that she had taken an unnecessary chance when she should have known better.
Having crafted a bogus story about being concerned when her baby was to be born, Vera actually started to hope that she could last till midnight so that her baby would indeed be born on the 14th. Such musing was able to distract her mind from the labor pains she was enduring. When midnight did arrive and she was still in the labor room, Vera became giddy in her labor satisfied that her baby was indeed going to be born on Feb 14th. She was now blissfully unmindful of the intense and agonizing labor pains shooting throughout her body.
Finally, as the birth was imminent at Ruth's direction, Vera was transported into the delivery room. Dr Barrett quickly arrived upon the scene and Ruth was available given her specialty to provide a painkiller should Vera desire. Vera did attend some Lamaze classes and she was predisposed to disdain the use of drug relief in giving birth. In any case Vera had good control over her pain so that when she was instructed to push, she did so with remarkable exuberance and overwhelming power.
As a result, the baby girl easily slid through the birth canal and practically popped out of the vagina to settle into Ruth's arms. Vera happily gazed at her newly born daughter, and she was struck by her first antics. The baby girl let out a perfunctory squawk as if she knew it was her duty to make an audible show to indicate she had been born alive! However, there was to be no infantile howling for her! Then her head and eyes were moving about apparently inspecting her new environment to determine if it was to her liking. Vera perceived that her daughter was going to be something else. She decided to name her Natasha, after an aunt; her mother's sister. This Natasha was apparently one of the most intriguing women in Moscow; rumored to be employed by the KGB and its successor the SVR. Grusha always spoke highly of her sister, and although Vera had never met the woman, she was proud to be related to her.
When Vera returned to Excalibur Street with Natasha, the house become much livelier with the presence of the two new infant residents. It was not that the house was now in chaos, because it wasn't. Alisha and Vera both turned out to be exceptional mothers for their children. It was more that given the youthfulness of Ruth, Ebony and Sherilyn with the addition of the babies in the house made life more vibrant. Reggie and Natasha proved to be adorable as infants and became loveable as toddlers. None of the childless sisters had any aversion to helping with looking after them.
Although Vera was glad to have taken a year off school, she was anxious to continue her education. She knew that this time was necessary to properly prepare herself if she hoped to succeed as a teenage mother and still go to school without being an undue burden to the Williams sisters. She knew she needed help and was grateful for it, but nevertheless had pride and self-esteem enough to desire to be as self-reliant as possible.
Ruth recognized that Vera had a very intelligent mind which would be wasted at a public school like the one Alisha was attending. As a result of her father's support she herself had attended the most prestigious private Catholic high school in Chicago known for its excellent academic standards. The Cardinal for the archdiocese of Chicago had undergone major heart surgery about two years previously and Ruth was the assisting nurse anesthetist at his operation. From that contact Ruth had become personally acquainted with this important cleric.
With such an influential contact, Ruth was able to parlay such advantage to succeed in enrolling Vera to this school. She was also able to arrange appropriate scholarships and grants so that Vera's tuition and school expenses were limited to a mere $100 per month, which amount she could easily handle from her earnings at the restaurant.
This school was the right fit for Vera. There was a predominant focus on academic learning and Vera's mind was forcefully challenged but she was more than equal to the task. Throughout the four years of high school, Vera applied herself diligently and so was consistently ranked amongst the top three students in academic success. As a result, she accumulated sufficient scholarships to the University of Chicago that her college education was virtually paid for.
Vera returned to work about a month after Natasha's birth. Because of her aptitude for the financial details of the workings of the restaurant she was primarily assigned to the office and only worked as a server for extra cash. When she started high school in the fall, she dropped her server duties but was able to work exclusively as bookkeeper and office assistant. The lighter physical work at the restaurant helped her maintain her stamina so that she could effectively study and attend school, while still managing to properly take care of her daughter as well.
By the time Vera started high school, she was able to establish a satisfactory routine that catered to all her responsibilities. Ebony having finished high school, and not interested in further education, had gone to work full time as a telemarketer at a call center. With her work schedule she was able to look after Natasha two days while Vera was at school. Likewise Raven in with her restaurant schedule was able to pitch in two other days when Vera was at school. As Sherilyn was on a special class room schedule at her school she had one full weekday off that she could babysit the kids and that way Vera had the five weekdays covered while she attended school.
When Vera worked at the restaurant, she could count on one of the Williams sisters living at the Excalibur St residence to take care of Natasha. In an emergency she could even elicit help from Jasmine or Kiara or Raven to substitute. Accordingly, during the four years Vera was in high school, she never needed to utilize a professional day care center to look after her daughter.
As a result, Natasha grew up in a loving home in a virtual extended family setting. She came to view the Williams sisters as her aunts and Reggie as a brother and the same familial feeling was completely reciprocated.
Vera tried to pay the Williams sisters reasonable babysitting fees for their services, but the sisters adamantly refused monetary compensation. They were in awe and in admiration of Vera and the way she was meeting her responsibilities. Considering how young she was and given her stunning beauty it was amazing to them that Vera was so down to earth and that she took her obligations seriously. They especially appreciated that Vera, as a white girl from the Deep South had no issues with them being Afro-Americans and lived naturally with them as if it was no big deal.
Notwithstanding their casual, liberal if not cavalier sexual mores, all of them believed themselves to be solid Christian women adhering to sound Christian values. Thus, helping Vera was simply the Christian thing to do and receiving compensation just did not seem right to them. However, they recognized that Vera would be uncomfortable if she felt she was benefitting from blatant charity. So, they all agreed that they would accept a nominal babysitting fee of $1.00 per hour regularly and $5.00 per hour for an emergency or unscheduled babysitting stint.
When Vera tried to protest that the fee was too low in that the standard babysitting fees charged by babysitters were at least the minimum wage if not higher. The sisters would not hear of it. As they pointed out most of the time, they would be in the Excalibur St home anyway even those who didn't live there anymore. Thus, it was no big deal to keep an eye on Natasha. Besides $1.00 per hour mounted up to effective mad money which would do them nicely.
Since the Williams sisters expected so little money from Vera for looking after Natasha when she couldn't, Vera easily made ends meet. She was even able to spend monies on some things which she would consider frivolous or otherwise unessential. The top example: - as soon as Natasha was able to talk she pestered Vera to satisfy her desire to play the violin like Mommy. Vera thus purchased a child's size violin and even engaged an appropriate music teacher to give lessons. That turned out to be a very wise investment as Natasha was so intent and content on mastering the violin that she did not demand to own other toys or dolls.
With respect to an active sex life, Vera knew she definitely did not want another child at this time. Another child would certainly end any realistic chance for her to attain her lofty goals of making something of herself. She desperately wanted to avoid the drudgery of poverty that surely would follow should she have another child before completing her education. When Natasha stopped breast feeding, upon Ruth's advice she saw Dr Barrett and was fitted with an Intrauterine Device (IUD).
Although now equipped with an effective method of birth control protection that did not necessarily mean that Vera was going to automatically be indulging in any sex. Just as Ruth had intimated during their bus trip to Chicago, Vera learned that child rearing is not an easy undertaking even under the best of circumstances. Coupled with her school attendance and studies along with her work at the restaurant she was constantly fatigued and physically exhausted.
She did however occasionally venture out on a date. Her stunning good looks ensured that she would attract male attention. Usually, the reason she accepted a date was due to her lack of energy to refuse those persistent males who would not give up easily. Unfortunately, on every date she was zapped of energy and her mind was preoccupied by her usual everyday constant concerns. She could not concentrate on her date and had a hard time staying awake. On some occasions, especially if the date was a movie, she actually did fall asleep and began snoring loudly to the chagrin of her date at the time. She was totally pathetic on dates so that never mind no sex, she did not even receive a goodnight kiss when her disgruntled dates returned her to the Excalibur St house.
Ruth in her exhibitionist craving occasionally allowed an older sister to watch her having sex in her own bedroom. When Ebony, Kerilyn, Alisha and Vera turned eighteen she also allowed them to watch as well. Ruth's closet was not closed in by a door but rather was covered by a sliding curtain. Thus, when Vera was in the closet, she could easily part some of the curtain to surreptitiously peer out undetected and have a good view of the action on Ruth's bed. When Ruth brought home a date to fuck, she would signal beforehand so that a sister or Vera could quietly sneak into the bedroom and then to the closet before she and her date would get there.
After Vera turned eighteen and first saw Ruth have sex, she was definitely excited by the view. However, after seeing her perform four times, the novelty of seeing the sexual activity had worn off. The action was always titillating enough that it kept Vera excited, but it was becoming predictable of what she was going to see. One night when Vera was in Ruth's closet for the fifth time, Ruth and her then date delayed in getting into the bedroom.
As a result, Vera succumbed to her constant fatigue and exhaustion and fell asleep waiting for them to appear. In the middle of their subsequent fucking, Vera started snoring which was clearly audible to Ruth's date. His cock immediately wilted and slipped out of Ruth's cunt. Most annoyed the date sprang from the bed, went to the closet, parting the curtain to expose the sleeping Vera.
He bellowed at Vera, "What the fuck? Why are you spying on us, bitch?"
Vera woke up startled but still had the presence of mind to reply, "Oh I'm so sorry. I am very tired and I must have fallen asleep as I was searching for my favorite earring which I seem to have lost or misplaced. Please excuse me."
Vera scrambled to her feet and fled out of the room. Ruth's date having lost his erection and all his enthusiasm for sex got dressed and left the house in a huff, despite Ruth's pleas to remain and finish the coitus. Once he was gone Ruth donned her robe and sought out Vera. Ruth was naturally disappointed by the coitus interruptus, but she was nevertheless amused by the incident.
When she met Vera in her room, in mock horror she proclaimed, "My God Vera I'm mortified to learn that my sexual performance has deteriorated to such a low level that it drives an observer to sleep."
Sensing Ruth was just teasing, Vera replied in kind, "I fell asleep before you entered the bedroom so you need not despair at your sexual prowess. However, I must declare that observing sex lacks the appeal of actually doing it."
"Well you are still very young, and you have lots of sexual adventures ahead of you, I am sure. Vera you are extremely beautiful even now, but you will grow even more attractive as you mature. When you get to college you will need a big stick to ward off all the guys that will be after your body."
"That's small comfort for me now. Then again I admit so far I have been too pooped to even think about fucking never mind actually fucking when the opportunity to fuck might have been there."
"When you are able to fuck, I trust having watched my performances will be an inspiration. For myself I get very excited knowing someone is watching me, but it sure was a bummer to know that you fell asleep on me this time."
"Oh, Ruth I solemnly promise that I will be wide awake when I next watch you take a cock in your mouth, and/or in your pussy and/or up your ass; whichever suits your fancy."
"Oh all that suits my fancy."
During those teenage years at the Excalibur Street house, Vera's other source of vicarious sexual satisfaction occurred on the monthly formal dinners. On the last Sunday of each month all the Williams sisters including those who no longer resided at the Excalibur Street house, gathered there for a sit down formal dinner. It was strictly a sisters affair no boyfriends or any other companions were allowed. The only non sister to attend and eat was Vera. Since she was accepted as a sister on all other times it was natural to include Vera in on these dinners.
The dinners were truly enjoyable occasions. Each sister including Vera took part in preparing the meal and cleaning up afterwards. The meals were very sumptuous and put everyone into a good mood. After dinner but while remaining seated at the dining table, each sister including Vera was called upon to recount their most satisfactory sexual experience since the previous dinner. There was a prize (purchased from monies equally contributed for the purpose) awarded to the sister adjudged to have the best story. The prize was always of a sexual nature such as sexy lingerie or a sex toy or even some sexy perfume.
Vera had no actual sexual experience to recount at these dinners, but in lieu she was encouraged to and urged to reveal the circumstances of her masturbations. Actually, such substitutions had to occasionally be utilized by the sisters should the previous month happen to have been devoid of sexual activity. In fact one time when Vera was eighteen Jasmine had played out a masturbation fantasy with her boyfriend.
As Jasmine recounted, "About three weeks ago during a Saturday night dinner date with Ron (Jasmine's then squeeze), he confessed to me that one of the things he had always fantasized about was to watch a girl masturbate. He asked me if I was willing to assist him in satisfying such a desire. I replied sure but I wanted to postpone it for one week so I could properly prepare for a good show.
"The next Saturday, after another wonderful dinner date we arrived at my place. We went to my bedroom which was fully stocked with scented and unscented candles to provide adequate but sensuous lighting. I got Ron completely naked and had him sit in a comfortable chair which was positioned facing the foot of my bed. I then tied him to the chair and handcuffed his hands behind his back. I told him if he was going to cum it would be as a result of what he saw unaided by his hand. He had no problems on that score.
"I turned off the lights in my room as I had lighted every candle. I turned on my CD player which was programmed to play some truly sexy erotic music. With the atmosphere established I sat on the edge of the bed to remove my shoes. I placed each shoe in turn to my nose to thoroughly sniff at the accumulated sweaty odor. I also placed the shoes to Ron's nose to give him a whiff as well. He seemed to have appreciated the earthy gesture.
"I then got onto the bed and was standing on the mattress. I removed the straps of my dress from my shoulders and shimmied my dress down my body to let it drop to my ankles. I stepped out of it and deftly catching my dress on my foot tossed it off the bed. Still standing but now swaying to the music I undid my bra and flung it aside. I unhooked my stockings from my garter belt and flung the garter belt aside as well while retaining my stockings. Finally, I removed my panties and was now totally naked except for my stockings.
"I then got on my hands and knees on the bed and crawled around so that my ass was sticking as close to Ron's face and nose as possible. I took the opportunity to wiggle my ass in sync with the music of course. I then grabbed the ten beads anal bead toy; I had previously selected and made available for me on the bed. I started inserting the beads one by one into my ass slowly and tantalizingly. Let me tell you girls the feel of those beads in my rectum is sure something else!
"The anal beads had a ring end which allowed me to slip a finger into it to control the beads. That way I could move the beads up and down my ass and the friction of such movement was heavenly. I was moaning from the stimulation. In deriving the best satisfaction from the anal beads, I grabbed the beaded glass dildo that I had set out in advance and started sucking on it. With the glass dildo in my mouth, I was visualizing sucking on a real honest to goodness cock.
"When asked later I confessed to Ron that it was his cock I was imagining. Of course, I had sense enough not to admit that in reality I was thinking of Tyrone's cock. Tyrone sure had the best cock I have so far encountered; too bad he was the biggest jerk I've ever dated. Anyways, I kept this up for some time but then I became primed for some action in my pussy.
"I pulled out the anal beads and started sucking on them. I grabbed a pillow, and I placed it on the edge of the bed. I sat on the pillow and then falling back I lifted my legs to rest my heels on Ron's shoulders. This gave him a direct close-up view of my cunt. I got the class dildo into my vagina and was stroking it furiously. This time I was actually imagining Ron fucking me. With my other hand I was fingering my clit as hard as I could tolerate. When I got to my climax I spit out the anal beads and screamed. It was a wonderful masturbation!
"As I calmed down and removed my legs from his shoulder, I noticed Ron's cock was dripping with his semen. I crouched over him and slurped up his tasty cum. Once I got his cock clean with my mouth, I noticed he still had a workable erection. Waste not want not is my motto. So, while he was still tied to the chair and handcuffed, I hopped onto his lap and impaled myself on his rod. I rode him to the satisfaction to yet another glorious orgasm within scant moments of the previous one."
That story won the dinner prize for Jasmine.