Keith Foxx carefully drove down a muddy road in his Ford pickup. He would need to take it to a car wash after today. Unfortunately this road was the only way back to the homestead of "Isaiah and Mary Ruuthouse", parents of Britney's friend Grace.
Beside him sat his daughter Brit appearing far more adult than he had ever seen her. Today his cute youngster wore an unbelievably long dress that he had only seen her wear one time ever. Her hair was pinned up in a bun with what he could only call knitting needles through a leather patch. Of course he was a man and didn't know the proper term for what he called a Pin Cushion. She also wore glasses that made her seem rather Librarian in nature. He had to chuckle at her poise.
"Quit glancing at me and laughing. Once I start I won't be able to stop. Laughing that is. I know I look ridiculous. But, this is the only way I can gain the trust of Grace's family. By the way, you look nice in that flannel shirt. We can always go find you a straw hat to look Amish."
"I don't do hats unless they sponsor a ball team. I hope you know I feel really used here. While you have your fun I might be stuck building a barn."
"Thank you Daddy. I'll make sure Grace thanks you too once I transform her into a Goddess."
Keith scowled. He didn't need to feel any more guilt over playing with any more young girls. His daughter was enough to contain as it was. So, why was the thought of some girl who supposedly had hair down past her ass so appealing? His jeans felt entirely too tight.
Finally reaching the end of the road they discovered a corral that held four horses to their left. As the road stopped in favor of a grassy area with a stone pathway they noted a large really old two story farm house. It needed a bit of work but it was indeed rustic.
"Little House on the Prairie" Keith chuckled.
"No clue." Brit shrugged concerning his reference.
Grace was up on the porch with they presumed her Grandmother in a swing. Once she spotted the truck Grace stood up and moved to the steps. Keith realized the girl was a looker even wearing the long dress and hair up under a thin white bonnet.
"She must be hot under all that get up." Keith growls shutting his engine off.
Brit smiles, "Very hot. You wait and see."
"Not what I meant." Keith hissed scratching his scalp.
Getting out of the truck Brit led the way as Keith followed with uncertainty."
"Hello." Brit waved at Grace and the elderly woman in similar garb.
"Hello, Britney. Join us on the porch. This is my grandmother, "Anna". Grandmother this is my friend Britney."
Britney climbs the steps then turns to face the woman and actually curtsy's. The bow left Keith speechless. Who was this strange child he raised?
"This is my father, "Keith". I do not drive so I asked him to bring me out here. I hope that is okay."
Anna sits silently in the swing and merely eyes them.
"Smile, Grandmother. They are harmless." Grace urges.
Finally, the woman smirks and returns to knitting the blanket she was forming.
"What are we knitting?" Brit attempted curiosity in favor of good impression.
She carefully strolls over to look more closely.
"It's beautiful. I would love to learn how to knit like that. My mother is not that talented."
Keith nods with a frown thinking, "Got that right."
Anna stops crocheting long enough to pat the swing beside her. Brit smiles and moves to sit down next to her. Once comfy Anna hands her the knitting needles and fabric. She carefully coaches the girl without a word. Brit knew this was a test. She did her best to go with the flow. She was actually pretty good at it.
"Now this requires a picture." Keith reveals his cellphone and snaps a photo.
Anna scowls at him. He had not considered her feelings.
Brit looks at Grace with a haunted glare.
"I'm quite certain he did not mean to disrespect you Grandmother. He was only proud of his daughter."
Brit smiles at Anna, "My Father is always taking pictures of me and my brother. He keeps a rich history of our growth."
Keith clears his throat and nods, "I apologize. I can delete the picture."
"There is no need. You were in your right to show pride in your daughter."
Keith turns to see a woman behind a screen door. She was beautiful and full of life.
Grace moves to the door as it opens meeting the woman.
"Mother? My friend Britney and her father. Keith was it?"
He nods and cautiously extends a hand out of friendship, "Yes, Keith. It is a pleasure to meet you Mrs..."
She stops him before he finishes, "Mary. Welcome to our home."
"Thank you. Love the horses." Keith looks behind him at the corral.
"My husband loves them. He is out back building a barn with some of our kin."
"My daughter mentioned that he was barn building. I build homes but business in the area has been slow. Free time on my hands. If he needs any help I would love to get some fresh air."
Mary blushes lightly, "He would be very grateful for your generosity. Grace? Find your little brother and have him introduce Keith to your father."
"Yes Mother." Grace vanishes into the house for a mere four minutes before returning with a ten year old boy in suspenders.
"Daniel? Be respectful and show Keith here to your Father."
The boy shyly moves past Keith and down the steps stopping to wait for him.
""Show your manners." He eyes Brit.
"As always, Father. Have fun."
Keith takes his leave following Daniel through a small batch of timber. As a clearing approached he heard multiple hammers and saws. Once in plain sight Keith huffed, "Very nice." He was impressed at the craftsmanship.
The closer he got to the barn site the movements grew silent. Daniel ran ahead and hugged his Father's leg telling him of Keith.
Isaiah was a burley man with a long peppered beard and thick rimmed glasses. He wore a white shirt stained by sweat and saw dust. On top of his head was a gray thick brimmed hat.
"Good evening." Isaiah spoke loudly.
Keith met him with a hand shake, "That's some beautiful work. I build houses that aren't designed as good. Of course that's not my decision it's the architects and the contractors. If I had any say I would be happy to build with half of this much integrity."
"We work with God's hands. I am Isaiah. These are my brothers, Hiram, and Zachariah. My nephew Jonah."
"Nice to meet everybody. Keith Foxx. My daughter thinks very highly of your daughter Grace. They have become good friends I hear."
"As have I. Grace wishes for your daughter to tutor her. I want what is best for my daughter yet I hope you understand I am leery of the world."
"I understand. My daughter's a good kid. Very smart and extremely caring. As we speak Anna is teaching her how to crochet. I'm thankful that Anna has taken the time to be patient with Britney."
"This is good." Isaiah turns to his brothers, "I will return shortly."
With their acknowledgement Isaiah joins Keith and his son Daniel on the journey back toward the house.
"I will meet your daughter and make my decision."
"Absolutely. By the way, if you need help with that barn I'd gladly offer giving you a hand. Maybe you can teach me a thing or three I don't know. As I told Mary I could use some fresh air."
"That is kind of you my friend. We shall see."
With a nod they walk the rest of the way in silence. Once reaching the porch Isaiah is met with a hug from Mary and a glass of ice water. Isaiah downs the glass in one gulp and sighs. He then turns to Grace who hovered beside Anna and Britney.
"You must be Britney?"
Brit starts to rise with her material when Isaiah puts his hands up stopping her.
"Please sit. If I asked my Mother to get up I would hear nothing but babble."
Anna frowns at Isaiah who winks at her.
"Hello Sir." Britney blushes.
"You are quite smart I hear."
"Straight "A's". Honor roll every year. I learn very fast and love knowledge. Grace is so much like me concerning her studies." Brit fidgets.
Grace adds, "Yet Chemistry is my worst enemy."
Isaiah shrugs, "I am still uncertain the necessity of such a class. Yet, my daughter wishes to be useful in the future. Even to go to college. She would be the first in three generations to attend any college."
"I think she has a lot to offer this world."
Keith interrupts, "What would you like to go to school for Grace?"
"I would like to be a Veterinarian. I love caring for animals."
Isaiah sighs, "Yet it is I who feed the horses each day. Daniel and I."
"Do you wish to do the cooking and cleaning Husband?" Mary teases.
With a hiss Isaiah looks at Keith who shakes his head holding both hands up, "Trust me Isaiah. I do enough dishes around our house. My wife works long hours. I try to help out."
Frowning Isaiah looks back at Brit. She smiles at him and lifts her glasses at the bridge of her nose.
"What of you? Will you be going to further your education?"
Brit nods, "I hope too. I have considered going to school for Forensics'. Perhaps a Police Examiner at a Coroner's office. I hope that doesn't sound too morbid."
Mary jumps in with, "That would be interesting."
"You are squeamish when I butcher a chicken." Isaiah mocks with a smirk.
"Only when you let them run around with no heads."
Everyone chuckles at their banter. Even Keith found it refreshing.
Again returning to scrutinize Britney, Isaiah pets his beard as he speaks, "Could you not tutor her here at our home?"
"I could, but I have the approval of our teacher Ms. Vaughn to use all of our school's chemistry lab equipment. I cannot bring everything here."
"You would teach her at the very same school to which I pay for Grace to attend?"
"Yes. I mean some of what I need to help her is there. Our home is very quiet too. My brother is gone almost always with his friends. Dad is home a lot but my mom is usually working."
"I see." Isaiah eyes Keith, "What is it your wife does for work?"
Keith brightens up, "She's a Motivational speaker. Travels a lot with her Employer's."
Isaiah fidgets his lips, "You have a son you say?"
"Lance. Eighteen. Britney's twin by minutes. The kids were born back to back. Brit just turned eighteen. They grow up fast."
"Indeed they do." Mary concurs.
"I hope you understand my worry of Grace being near a boy of your son's age. She is quite innocent." Isaiah points out.
Grace lowers her eyes and blushes heavily.
"No worries there, Isaiah. My son's only home to eat and sleep. With his friends and playing sports when he's not in school."
"You will be there to protect Grace?"
"Absolutely. Even if you agree to my help building the barn. Grace can come over on weekends. If I'm not there my wife might be. Besides Britney is well behaved."
Isaiah nods puckering his lips. He reaches out for Grace to come to him. As she faces him Isaiah palms her shoulders.
"I will agree to this. Four Saturday's for four hours each. If your grade does not improve I will marry you off to "Thomas Friesen" ."
"Noooooooooooo! Not Thomas, Father. Please." Grace giggles and hugs her Father.
Mary turns to Keith whispering, "Thomas is sixteen years old. He was kicked in the head by a mule on his Father's farm. Sweet boy if not quite right. He has always had a crush on our daughter."
Keith discovered respect was not perfect even in this home. He actually felt saddened by their amusement at the lad's expense.
Nodding with hesitance he notes Mary eying him slyly. Her gaze essentially sized him up from head to toe. This made Keith uneasy.
With a clasp of his hands Keith changes the subject, "We should let you get back to your brothers, Isaiah. Thank you for trusting my daughter. If you need help just ask."
"Tomorrow at dawn?" Isaiah raises a brow.
Nodding Keith adds, "Up with the chickens. The ones with heads Mary." He jokes.
"Thank goodness." She fans her face with her hand.
"You choose the proper time for Grace and Britney to get together on Saturday. If I'm out here helping out I won't be able to supervise them."
Mary grips Grace by the shoulder with a hug. Looking to Isaiah she adds, "Our daughter is a woman now, Isaiah. We should trust her."
Emotionless Isaiah eyes Grace, "Do not let me down Daughter."
Grace jumps in step with a joyous expression.
"I will learn so many new things Father. You will see. My next report card will be straight "A's"."
Isaiah glances at Britney, "May God bless you for your help."
"Oh God. He will hear that from my lips forever. Thank you for having faith in me Sir."
Britney passes off her knitting needles to Anna then reaches over to peck her on the cheek. Anna smiled for the first time as Brit whispers her appreciation.
Keith again shakes hands with Isaiah, "I'll take Grace to our house Saturday morning then head back out here to help construct the barn. At lunch time I can go get her and bring her home."
"Our thanks." Isaiah nods, "If we lose track of time I will allow Grace a little longer to be a woman."
Grace bulges her eyes, "Thank you Father. I love you."
Britney steps forward and hugs Grace once Isaiah releases her, "I look forward to Saturday, Little Sister."
"As do I, Big Sister."
Mary smiles at the thoughtfulness.
As they part and begin to take steps down from the porch they meet "Jonah" Isaiah's twenty year old nephew. He had come up with a plastic water cooler to refill.
He was a lanky young man with broad shoulders. He spotted Britney and stopped in his tracks.
She blushes at his eye contact, "Hello."
Keith grips Brit by her shoulder, "Jonah was it?"
"Yes Sir. I just came up to fetch water. It is hot today."
Isaiah joins them motioning the boy to go inside. He shyly moves around them. Brit decides not to watch him and tries her best to appear innocent. Isaiah after all was eying her every move.
"Forgive my nephew."
Keith shrugs, "Harmless enough. He was just caught off guard by us."
"Your daughter I fear. Jonah has few friends."
She smiles softly, "I'm sure he is quite nice. Thank you again, Sir."
Keith urges her to his truck. Inside they wave goodbye amongst their hosts Once Keith had turned around to drive away Brit turns in her seat excitedly.
"Oh my GOD. I'm so seducing Jonah. He's gorgeous."
Keith frowns, "Slow it down. I'm your dad here. Hearing that might make me tie you up and ground you."
Leering at him with a beguiling smile she coughs, "I dare you to tie me up."
He chuckles, "Sure. I'll go watch TV while you lay there."
She pelts his bicep with the palm of her hand. Sitting back she huffs, "I saw Mary eying you. I think Grace's mom has a crush on you."
"Not even going there. I don't need buckshot up my ass."
"I might need Jonah up my ass." She wiggles in her seat as she pulls the pins from her hair bun and lets her stunning brown mane fall to her shoulders.
"Enough already. I'm still your Father."
"I can't help it I'm horny." She squirms and releases her seatbelt.
"What are you doing?"
"Pull over."
'Why?" He squints at her.
He slows amid the path hidden from the house by a quarter mile. As he puts his truck in park she slides over and unfastens his pants.
"Come on Brit. This isn't the time."
"I want to suck your cock. Hush and let me."
Reaching within his underwear she pulls out his beast and strokes it hard. Only taking seconds she stretches out as best she could and devours him. He tilts his head back and closes his eyes. She knew how to give head that was certain. Best he ever had. Daughter or not he let her.
Gurgling on his girth she releases giggling, "Think about Mary."
He groans and pushes her head back down against her will, "Shut the hell up."
No words, just nasally whimpers of lust.
He nuts in her throat and leaves her there as he grips his steering wheel with both hands.
Once she pulled away she shows him a mouthful of his jizz. He grimaces, "Christ. Swallow that."
She giggles and kisses his cheek just before swallowing him. He wipes his face on his sleeve.
"Thank you for helping me Daddy."
"This better not bite me in the ass."
"If you feel a nibble it might be Grace." She sits back in her seat pulling her seatbelt back on.
He shakes his head.
"Mary was pretty attractive." He chuckles.
Sighing Brit sternly glares at Keith, "Daddy? You're such a stud."
Changing the subject with a smirk he adds, "Wonder if your Mom's home yet?"
"She's gone way too much Daddy. I love Mom but she worries me."
"God knows."
"You should fuck Mom tonight. Make up for lost time." She giggles, "Just don't call her Mary by accident."
He shakes his head at her.
"I sired something evil. BRAT!"
"That be me."
She hears a ping on her cellphone and quickly checks the text.
"Grace says Jonah asked about me. Yay!"
She types back, "What did he say?"
"He's in love. LOL!"
"Awww! He's a cutie. See you in class tomorrow."
Another ping later she realizes there's a photo attachment.
"Hmmm! Sophia sent a pic." She tells Keith.
"Who exactly is Sophia?"
Giggling Brit shows Keith a picture of Sophia topless wearing only red lace panties.
"This is Sophia."
His jaw drops, "Daaaaamn! What is this some sex club?"
She chuckles, "I'm a good teacher."
Another ping hits her cell. This time it was her Filipino friend Cryssa. Cryssa was naked except for a pair of hands palming her tits from behind. A oddly taken selfie with a caption that said, "Felix says hi."
Brit shows Keith the photo. Again he exhales his amazement.
"I told my friends to check in with me each day with progress reports."
"Wow! Crazy stuff." He shakes his head.
Inspiration strikes, "Daddy? Can I have a slumber party?"
He had trouble staying on the road between stares at her.
"How can I say no? Sure."
He knew his kid. She would have them terrorize him all night long.
A third ping makes Brit laugh as a video of Dawn playing with her pussy strikes her funny. She heard Dawn moan, "I need dick."
Keith leaned over to observe it.
"Jesus C! How many girls are in this club?"
"Five if I count myself. Six if I add Grace. Seven if I-" She almost mentions Chloe as a possibility then stops.
"Who?"
"I can't tell you. Not yet. Someday though." A final ping persists. This time it was Tara Zellers filming a boy eating her pussy. After a second to show his ability off she holds the camera to show her face. Her words were, "So many tongues, so little time."
Keith grabs Brits cell and replays it.
"How about next Friday night?"
"Yay! I'm texting everyone. Slumber party my house next Friday night. Underwear only." She then shows Keith her text.
"What if Mom's home?"
"Really? She hasn't been home on a Friday in five weeks."
"True. I'll ask her to be safe."
"Might be more fun to do things behind her back like we did the first time. So so so hot." She fans herself with her hands giggling.
"Nope! That many girls around, not taking the risk."
As each reply came back with their positive approval of the slumber party Brit smiled.
"You're in big trouble Buddy." She winks at Keith.
He knew he was crazy but he was having the time of his life.
Nothing left to say he grew quiet.
Brit settles back and lays her forehead on the door window. So much to do. Slumber party next Friday. Evan was also scheduled for this Saturday. She would have to involve him with Grace to get everything accomplished. God knows what else Lance might have her do concerning her lost bet. Shivering she closes her eyes and naps until they got back home.
She was mentally drained.
Pleasant dreams.