A sexy new agreement regarding the purchase of Jenny's lamp
**
In case you've just joined the story, here's what you
missed. In Paris, on her junior year abroad, Jenny meets Marc, a
wealthy American businessman and fellow lover of Rodin's art. They
discover they have a common ancestor: Francine de Chamonix, a
model in Rodin's workshop. Jenny looks exactly like Francine. Jenny
falls hard for Marc. She drops her American and French boyfriends,
pursues Marc, and soon marries him.
Three years later, now living in New York, Jenny and friend Lois visit
J. Byron Goode's antique shop and find a table lamp incorporating a
nude marble statue of Francine. Jenny (naked to show Goode the
resemblance) bargains the $75,000 price down, eventually reaching
$750, a blowjob, and a monthly fuck starting next month. Now, a few
weeks later, Lois has told Jenny that Mr. Goode wants to modify the
agreement.
**
I owe another big thanks to my editor Ken, who made some key
suggestions that -- I hope -- make Chapter 3 better than my original
version. Thank you, Ken!
**
"There's no way I'd do that, Lois. It may not seem so, given my recent
behavior, but actually I'm quite shy about showing off my body," Jenny
said. They were back in their favorite Greenwich Village coffee house.
"Really? I've seen you in your bikini many times, don't forget," Lois
replied. Jenny's bikini tended to the minimalist end of bikini fashion. It
covered her lady bits, but the amount of fabric it used in total was rather
small. Jenny would occasionally sunbathe topless, as well.
"That's different. It's in a beach or swimming pool context. You're
supposed to wear a tiny bikini when you're our age. It's not at all
analogous," Jenny explained. There was an edge to her voice.
"Is it really that different?" Lois asked.
"Yes. Mr. Goode wants to objectify me in front of a bunch of creepy, rich
men. He wants to make money off my body."
"He's not trying to sell you, Jenny. He just wants an event that publicizes
his gallery. After all, it's new, and he has to establish his bonafides."
"By having me standing naked next to a Rodin statue? The statue is
even just borrowed; it's not for sale. Maybe the men gazing at my naked
body will think I'm for sale!"
"It's the way of the gallery world in New York," Lois replied. "Galleries
have to show they have connections, and Mr. Goode seems to have
them. Just the insurance on the statues he's borrowed for his show
must be mind boggling. Having you and the other models there this
Sunday will add a certain extraje ne sais quoito the event. It
hasn't even happened yet, and it's the talk of the antiquarian world."
"What talk? What are people saying?"
"Nothing much, don't worry."
"Lois, you know me. Sometimes it seems that all I ever do is worry."
"Isn't that why God gave us Xanax?"
"I thought it was Upjohn, now Pfizer," Jenny replied. "What are people
saying?"
"They're excited Mr. Goode found a doppelgänger for Rodin's famous
model and you'll be in the same pose as the statue," Lois said.
"What about the bit withThe Kiss?" Jenny nervously asked.
"He's keeping that for a surprise. It will be your second modeling, after
the first one."
"So I can still back out. Tell him for me, will you, Lois?"
Lois looked upset. Jenny got suspicious. "Lois, why do you care what I
do?"
Lois looked at the floor.
"Holy shit! Are you helping Goode organize this little piece of insanity? Are you?"
Lois said nothing.
A lightbulb flashed above Jenny's head. "How much is he paying you?"
"Look Jenny, this is a good deal for you. Without this new one-time
modeling gig you'd have to fuck him each month for a year. You agreed to that in order to get your lamp, remember? How do you think Marc will like that? Besides, you modeled nude in college. Is this any different?"
"How much is he paying you?"
"I've struck a great deal for you. You should thank me!"
"Is he paying you more than a thousand dollars?"
"You should thank me, Jenny. Unless of course you want to fuck him 12 times or more?"
"Of course I don'twantto fuck him! Who on earth would want to fuck that creep?"
Lois looked strange. Jenny had an epiphany. "Really, Lois? You and J. Byron Goode? Seriously? He must be thirty years older than you! Plus, you just stood there and watched me give him a blowjob! You took pictures! I can't believe you! You can't possibly be thinking of fucking Byron Goode."
"He's only fifteen years older. He just looks older due to his bald spot."
"He has a nice cock, I admit. He's all yours, Lois."
"So you'll do it, Jenny? For me? Please?" Lois made the universal
begging gesture with her hands.
"It will be humiliating, disgusting, degrading and sexist. Put that way, it does sound like fun. Okay, Lois, I'll do it for you, but you'll owe me."
The two women talked for a while and then Lois blurted out, "I was
surprised when you told me to photograph you and Johnny getting it on."
"Johnny? You call him Johnny? Not J. Byron, or Mr. Goode?"
"Well... uh..."
"Oh my God, he's already seduced you, hasn't he?"
"He didn't really seduce me. It was kind of mutual. You know I have a thing for older men. Don't look so shocked, Jenny."
"After I gave him a blowjob, you seduced him?"
"Well, if you must know, it was a few days before you gave him a
blowjob. I had visited his store, discovered the lamp, and I told him
about how you looked just like the naked woman in the lamp, and he got really interested!"
"Tell all, you slut," Jenny said.
"Well.... You know of course I don't have your body. I've got toothpicks for legs and a concave butt, and all I've got going for me are my nicely sized bust and my pretty face, to be perfectly frank. Johnny was staring at my boobs as we talked, and at one point he asked if my mystery woman -- that's you -- had boobs like mine."
"That's a weird question. What did you say?"
"I said your body was perfectly proportioned to fit the dreams of men, just like the body of the lamp woman. I told him you had the same face. I told him you could have been the model for the sculptor. He said it's too bad you don't have boobs like mine, and then I understood what was happening."
"It took you long enough. What did you do?"
"I asked him if he'd like to see my boobs."
"I take it back, Lois. You're not a slut. No, you're a brazen hussy! You
actually offered to show Mr. Goode your boobs?"
"Uh-huh."
"Right there, in the antique shop, where anyone could walk in?"
"Yeah. Right there. All I did was lift my sweater and bra for him. My back was to the windows on the street. Look, we both did shit like that in Key West a few years ago; and more, too."
"Youdid more," Jenny said. "I just flashed some guys. I didn't
give them my body."
"You don't have to. You're so pretty all you have to do is wink at a guy and he'll take you home and fuck the shit out of you."
"Apparently allyouhave to do is flash an older guy your boobs and he'll take you into the back room and fuck your brains out," Jenny said, in a voice of pure snark.
"Don't be silly. He didn't take me in the back room... like he did with
you. He closed the shop early, took me to his apartment on East 12th Street, and took me on his bed. He has a great mattress, by the way."
Lois had been going on and on recently about how crappy her mattress is. Jenny's was, too. She had meant to mention it to her hubby Marc, but she was waiting for the next time they fucked. Recently they'd been having a bit of a dry spell.
**
As Jenny stood there in a bit of a state of shock, Lois recalled her first time with Johnny. After she had flashed him in his antique shop he had asked if she wanted to see his own, private collection of antiques. He said that he had some beautiful French pieces from the 17th century, the Louis XIII era.
Lois happily let Johnny escort her the few blocks to his spacious
apartment. Being the perfect gentleman, he led her inside the apartment and one by one he showed her his personal collection of chairs, tables, and armoires crafted by highly skilled artisans centuries ago. All of them he had imported from France and Italy.
Lois was overwhelmed. She loved antiques, and these were the real
deal. Sheoohedandahhedand tried to make intelligent comments to this distinguished older man. He explained he had been a private banker for some decades before retiring to pursue his love of antiques full time. Opening a store had been the idea of his ex-wife.
They sat together on a settee couch that, Johnny explained, once
belonged to a French duke. "He used to partake of young peasant
women right on this couch," he said.
"Really? Are you serious?" Lois asked. "Didn't the girls know what he
was going to do?"
"The duke had quite a reputation. I'm not sure the peasant women had much of a choice in the matter, if you know what I mean."
"How do you think he went about it?" Lois asked, in all innocence --
although upon reflection she wondered just how innocent she really had been.
"I don't know, but I imagine first he'd let their legs touch," Johnny said, and Lois noticed their legs were touching. There wasn't a lot of room on the settee in any event. "If the woman didn't pull away he'd take it as a good sign."
"There's no room on this settee to pull away," Lois observed.
Ignoring her remark, Johnny continued, "He'd next gently take her head in his hands, turn it towards his, and he'd touch his lips to hers."
Johnny demonstrated.
Goode stood up and pulled Lois up, too. "If the girl kissed him back, as you just did so nicely, he would summon a servant to undress her." As he said this, a well-dressed young man entered the room.
"Wait -- what?" Lois said, as the servant went quickly to her and began to remove her light sweater.
"Dukes had lots of servants back then. They were fabulously rich. Like some bankers are today. Help Charles a little, Lois," Johnny said.
Freaked out, Lois nevertheless raised her arms, and quick as a wink
she was naked above the waist.
"Now the jeans and panties, please, Charles. Then you may go, or stay to watch, as you prefer."
"Wait -- what?" Lois had said again, still trying to recover from how
bizarre this was. Lois had worn skinny jeans, which are not easy for a man to remove unless the woman cooperates, but Charles was
exceedingly talented and -- apparently -- practiced at the task.
Lois stood naked before the two men, still in a state of mild shock. Charles left but soon returned with some ancient stocks, and he quickly took advantage of Lois' compliant state created by her shock. He clamped her wrists and neck in the stocks. Soon she felt a cock probing at her vagina.
"May I?" Lois heard Johnny say.
"This is insane," she replied.
"I know. I'm just a tad kinky, you see."
"Just a wee bit," Lois said, and she giggled. Having long loved antiques and the whole period, this was one of her fantasies. "Is this why you're divorced?"
"In part. The primary reason is named Anthony Rivers," Johnny said,
and his voice trembled. The tremble was barely noticeable but Lois
caught it. It showed Goode's vulnerability. It charmed her.
The cock pushed harder at Lois' entrance. "May I?" Johnny asked a
second time.
"I'm not ready," Lois replied, not saying no.
"Charles?" Johnny asked.
"Of course, Mr. Goode." Charles began to caress Lois' sex with his
fingers. As she lubricated, little by little, he gently inserted a finger, then another, and eventually a third. At the same time J. Byron Goode played with her nipples. Lois was turned on at being helpless, and having the devoted, focused, kind attention of two men at once.
Lois began to moan. All three of them could hear the faint
sloshing sounds of a wet pussy being fingered. Lois had always loved a good fingering, although this one was beyond bizarre.
Lois felt a hard cock pushing at her entrance a third time. "May I?"
Johnny asked, a third time.
"Yes. Please," Lois replied.
Johnny emitted a happy sigh, and Lois groaned loudly, as his cock
entered her. Her closed eyes flashed open in surprise however when another cock pushed at her lips.
"May I?" Charles asked.
"Wait -- what?" Lois was stunned. Johnny was fucking her, but good, and now Charles wanted a blowjob? She had never even met the man!
"May I enter?" Charles asked, giving a winning, genuine smile.
Lois gave up. This was just too weird, and it was a once-in-a-lifetime
experience. She'd be a fool not to go for it. She gave her answer
symbolically, opening her mouth and sticking out her tongue to caress Charles' cock. Soon she had the entire cock in her mouth and down her throat, as well. Like her friend Jenny, Lois was quite an experienced cocksucker.
Lois struggled at her restraints as Goode's thrusts became stronger and faster. The neck clamp kept her steady for the blowjob. She was in overload, and as Goode neared his climax, Lois had hers. She had
never come so hard before. Exhausted by the orgasm, her body
sagged in the stocks. Charles finished himself off with his hand after
Lois, played out, dropped his cock from her mouth. However at the last minute he pushed his cock back into Lois' mouth and he squirted down her throat.
A trip to Goode's bedroom, without Charles, led to a rather delightful
second time in the comfort of Goode's quite nice bed. Lois remembered it fondly.
**
"You know," Jenny began, ending Lois' trip down memory lane. Then
she stopped.
"Yes?" Lois prompted.
"This is embarrassing."
"Jenny, I'm your best friend."
"Well, it's like this. Before you took pictures of Mr. Goode and me ..."
"Call him Johnny, please."
"Yeah, okay, but before you took those pictures, I had never given permission for somebody to watch me have any kind of sex with a guy. I guess that's normal."
"Yeah. For most people sex is a private affair," Lois said, smiling a bit at the thought of Johnny and Charles.
"You're like that, I suppose."
"Of course I am," Lois lied. "I was surprised when you wanted pictures. It was super-hot photographing the two of you going at it, especially because, unbeknownst to you, I had already gone to bed with Johnny."
"Well, my point is, I was super turned on to have you watching me blow Johnny. Now that I know you're his lover, it's turning me on just
remembering it. You have to admit that's weird."
"Did it turn you on to pose nude in those art classes in college?"
"Yes. To have all those fellow students ogling my naked body as they sketched it really gave me a buzz. I'd sit there, perfectly still, and try to count the number of prominent bulges in the men's slacks. The girls would often go without bras -- they were art students after all -- and I'd check to see if their nipples were hard under their T-shirts. We had a lot of lesbians and hasbians among the art students."
"Hasbians?"
"LUGs. Lesbians Until Graduation. Some of them were seniors and had already begun to explore the wide, wide world of men. I called them hasbians," Jenny said.
"Are you a hasbian?" Lois asked.
"No. I'm heterosexual to a fault. What about you?"
"I'm a little bi, I guess," Lois replied.
"You mean if the magic is right with a girl, then..."
"Yep."
"Do you think it's weird I got aroused by you watching me blow
Johnny?"
"Well, you never seemed to have had a problem with nudity," Lois said.
"Being nude with an audience is different from having someone watch you have sex."
"Which you've now done. Is that why you're troubled byThe
Kiss? Both you and the guy will be nude, with you in his lap -- more or less -- and kissing, for like 20 minutes. Does kissing while naked count as having sex?" Lois asked.
"Lois, let me ask you this: Can you imagine kissing a guy, with both of you naked, for twenty minutes, and it not progressing to some other intimate act?"
"You mean, like fucking?"
"Well that would be a bit extreme. Maybe the guy feeling me up, for
example. You know, tweaking my nipples or stroking my slit? Or simply poking me with his hard cock, assuming it even
gets hard," Jenny said.
"Have you ever been naked with a guy and had his cock not get hard?" Lois asked.
"Sure. Give the guy enough booze and there's a good chance he'll have some issues down there," Jenny said.
"Well, you would know."
"There's no need to be nasty," Jenny said, clearly annoyed.
"Now, I understand your issues," Lois said, trying to use a soothing
voice. "But you'll do it? I kind of promised Johnny you would."
"Yeah, I'll do it. I don't want to fuck Johnny, especially now that I know he's your new guy, so I'll do it, yes. Who is the guy I'm going to be kissing?"
"Johnny found him. Maybe you know him. He went to the same college as you, and you two overlapped for around a year. He'd have been a senior when you were a freshman. He was an art student, and he did some nude modeling for the art classes, too."
"Nice. Does he have a name?"
"Everyone has a name."
"What's his name, you little tease!"
"Martin Savage."
"Oh, shit!" Jenny exclaimed.
**
To be continued