Summary: Sexy college girls mistake a pervert for a girl. Hilarity and public humiliation ensues. Sequels will have more femdom and feminization themes.
~~~~~
Most men grow out of certain things, and most grow into certain other things. Men were supposed to grow into refined animals with broad shoulders, strong muscles, and the confidence to use them. They were supposed to grow into tall, dark, handsome figures capable of being brilliant, or brave, or at the very least strong willed. Most men would grow out of things like shyness around women, or uncontrollable urges that plague adolescence. They would at the very least learn to act with candor. And if nature had been cruel, maybe they would grow some scruff around their chins to hide the lack of a square jaw.
Alex was not most men. His doctor said he was healthy, if shorter and more hormonal irregular. He was only five foot two and his shoulders were no broader than his hips, in fact, his hips looked damn near child-bearing! He worked out regularly, but all this did was give him an hourglass figure. There was no fighting his skeletal structure. He tried all sorts of diets, but it seemed like his choices were "fat and unhealthy" or "hourglass figure." Even his genetics seemed to be fighting him here on his fat distribution. Even now he was on his "Testosterone boosting meals" of meats, vegies, and nuts. However, all it seemed to do was make him lean and "prettier". When his body and facial hair grew out it was always patchy and ugly, so he kept it all shaved, even his lower body. His features were subtle and curved with very few hard lines anywhere. His short brown hair shook as he did his cardio workout for the day, hoping in vain to lose the body fat that he also saw subtly jiggle during the fast movements. He wore under armor and bike shorts and was in great shape, though, not the exact shape he wanted. He knew most women would kill for a body like his, unfortunately. That idea that made him all the more determined to build himself up.
He was also working hard at eliminating another embarrassing problem. For years he had suffered from arousal that was not only uncontrollable, but was sometimes completely random. His libido was on a hair trigger. That was another thing he had hoped to grow out of. On this new diet it seemed to get worse, so it seemed the "testosterone boost" was at least doing something. He was working tirelessly to make the blood in his body go somewhere else. Exercise was usually the only thing that worked out the issue before.
Well, that and the obvious solution. However, he had read that masturbation lowered testosterone levels so he had been constantly fighting off urges for the last two months in a vain effort. He had been successful when he was awake, but every week or so he'd find himself in increasingly vivid dreams. He had first dreamt of relatively normal fantasies before waking himself up, pacing his arousal away, and trying to get back to sleep. Now he was fighting off succubi in his dreams every night. And it wasn't sex they were after. They'd dance and strip and chase him and kiss him and hold his hands until he felt ready to burst from that alone. In fact, just last night he had dreamt about a woman in a one-piece swimsuit. Nothing else, that was it. He had woken up just as he was about to explode and barely calmed himself down afterward. He had been on the edge of spoiling his celibacy streak for weeks. Everything was starting to look sexy, and he couldn't stand it.
Just thinking about it now put his sex into overdrive, and he pushed hard the last sixty seconds before his workout tape ended. He was hot, sweaty, tired, and his muscles hurt, but he had grown used to the pain and had even started to like it. Alex wiped the sweat from his brow before heading to the bathroom.
He stripped off his wet clothes and looked at himself in the mirror. He was made of circular curves and smooth lines across spotless skin. He was sweaty, slick, and his chest still heaved in and out with excursion. His midriff was toned, but his chest and waist was taking more time. He prodded his protruding nipples with concern. They quickly hardened as cold air ran across them and he hummed in disapproval. He had read that playing with them could build breast tissue so he stopped. He turned and looked at his back and rear. His spine curved naturally into his hips and gluts. There was no other way to say it. His ass was round and taught and excruciatingly feminine. He felt it up in search of the muscle underneath. He pressed and spread and kneaded the cheeks. He looked far more like a casual female athlete than the chiseled statue he was aiming for. He turned and noticed with shame that he already at half mast again. His cock was rising with desire. Was he getting turned on by looking at himself? Just by being naked? Had he truly become that feminine looking, or was he just that pent up? He turned his ass away from his vision. He had to keep moving.
He looked at his own, feminine face in the mirror with disappointment. He could almost pretend he was watching a pretty girl on the other side of the window. The girl in the mirror began to brush her teeth. The toothpaste made a "splurt" noise as it came out. Alex took the brush and pressed it to her mouth. She stuck out her tongue and opened wide to let it enter her. He put it in her slowly, then out and in again. The brush seemed to longingly delve deeper and deeper inside of her each with each thrust. Her face had an ecstatic, gasping, panting expression. She closed her mouth to hum in pleasure as it penetrated deep. She began sucking and fucking the brush with her lips. She let Alex fuck her throat until she gagged and finally spat it all out. The white junk flowed off her tongue and she looked up into Alex's eyes with longing as the paste dripped from her lips, tongue, and chin.. He shook his head, rinsed out his mouth and spat. He needed to concentrate. His boner had risen to it's full glory again.
He turned on the cold water and flinched at the freezing sensation across his hot and sticky body. This was the only time he could touch himself, but he still had to be vigilant. He scrubbed his hair and skin. His slick hands across his chest and stomach felt amazing. He tried to concentrate on the cold as he slathered up his groin. Thankfully, the cold across his crotch was enough to drain him of his temptations. Once he had gotten used to the cold he had to finish up quickly, otherwise he'd probably get hard again.
He lived alone. He was able to afford to do so because of his scholarships. This allowed him to travel around in his apartment freely in the nude. It was efficient, but he found himself far too thrilled at the idea of someone finding him out. He paced quickly to his room to get dressed. He had to do the laundry soon, all he had was more workout clothes. He didn't like wearing them outside, since guys hit on him so often(and it was harder to hide an erection), but he was running late.
When he got to class he tried his hardest to stay on top of his work. His grades were perfect, but it was getting more difficult to concentrate, especially in his biology class. There was a girl who sat in front of him with dyed blue hair and thick, round sunglasses. She'd always wear a loose fitting tank top that failed to cover most of the bra underneath and stopped just below her breasts. She wore nothing else until her jeans dug into her hips. Her pants would slip and show her pink panties whenever she'd lean forward. Her breasts were as big as oranges but her ass brought her chest to shame. On some days it would escape out and give Alex a peak at over half it's surface area before the girl would pull the waistband back up.
Alex's cock was hard as a rock as he took his notes. It pushed against his shorts like an insane convict against his bars. Under his waistband it would be tucked and hidden, but the pressure distracted him terribly, especially when he moved. Finally the class was over and he tried to avoid eye contact with the stunning woman, or any woman for that matter. All these college girls were stunning, and getting more so every day by Alex's reckoning.
"Hey," Someone in his periphery in the hall seemed to call to him. That didn't make sense, he didn't have any friends around here. He looked up and saw the blue haired girl who sat in front of him with another woman. He had never noticed that she was at least a head taller than him. "You aced the last test right?" She asked. She was chewing gum. Her mouth was wet and dexterous. Black eyeliner circled her predatory eyes under her glasses. Did she catch him looking at her earlier? Did she know how horny he was? He looked down and made sure his cock was hidden. He looked up again and she seemed upset. Was she going to reveal his erection to the whole school and call him a pervert?
This was Alex's last weakness that he had failed to grow out of. It was his fear of people, especially women. What was he supposed to say? She looked angry. "Uh, yea, just barely." His voice was shaky. He hardly remembered what she had said in the first place. He needed to get out of here. He felt his dick trying to escape and present it's self. Walking around had almost rid him of his embarrassing issue, but now it was growing again as she watched him squirm.
"We fucked the tits." He heard the other girl say.
"What?"
"We flunked the test." She said again disappointment
"Oh." Alex shook his head. He wasn't thinking clearly, but her accent didn't help either. She was cute and blond, and was just as tall as Alex. Her hair was tied back and her nails were meticulously trimmed. She wore a short plaid skirt and a long green jacket that matched her eyes. Her breasts were like teacups and she had a petite body. She had something like a British accent and he guessed she was an exchange student. He had to get out now, his mind raced with thoughts about those dumb European lips that hung just slightly open like her brain was working overtime figuring out how to suck a cock.
That was a strange and cruel set of thoughts, Alex thought. She was probably a nice, smart, friendly, chaste girl. He took a deep breath. "Well, um-" He had no idea how to respond. He felt like the walls were closing in on him as his cock pounded. "I'm sure if you talk with the professor-"
"He said we can retake it, but we were hoping," The blond girl swayed her hips and her skirt flowed freely, almost giving a glimpse of something underneath, "Maybe you could join our study session? I'm Victoria by the way. This is Stacy." She held out a beautiful hand. He considered licking it before shaking his head at the thought. "I'm from Wales."
"Uh, Alex! Name!" He shook her hand and realized how sweaty his palms had gotten. Her skin was smooth and dry. He wondered what the rest of her would look like if she were as naked as her hand. He mumbled quietly, "My name is Alex, I mean."
"Sorry?" She asked, unable to hear. He realized her was still holding her hand and let go.
"Alex. My name." Alex felt like he was being interrogated. For some reason he wondered what Victoria hands would feel like under his shirt. What they'd feel like in his shorts. "I have to go! I have somewhere to be!" he covered his crotch with his bag as he turned.
"Wait!" Stacy seemed worried, He stopped, "We, uh, were hoping to study in the library tonight at eight." She seemed embarrassed. Alex wondered how much force it would take for her pants to fall off. Not much, he thought. Just a tug, and then her panty clad ass would be on display for dozens of students. But would one need to pull them down to fuck her? Probably not. Actually, if she leaned over, he could probably slide it in, his balls against her waistband. He shook his head as she continued, "You probably don't need to study or anything, but we're desperate." Was that flirtatious? Were they flirting with him? Offering sex for notes? He wouldn't know, none of that had ever happened before. Was this a set up? Did they want to have sex with him? He had heard that happened a lot of campus. Was this "hooking up"? Did that happen at librarys? What would Stacie's butt feel like? His cock pushed on the bag and he pushed back. Would it feel like that? This was bad. He felt like he was about to start leaking.
"Sure!" He said and regretted it immediately. "Bye!" He turned and scrambled off. Now he was going to have to see them again. As soon as he was out of sight he dropped down and did fifty push ups to work out the energy. But just as he was finished and was walking to his next class he began thinking about the English girls skirt, what she wore under the jacket.
He was anxious and unready when eight rolled around. He gulped and made his way across the library to the study rooms. There were very few others. "Hi!" Victoria waved. She was the friendly one. Stacy nodded with an annoyed glare. "We aren't really getting anywhere." She admitted. Can you help explain this part? She pointed.
"Um-" Alex gulped, "Right. Well-" He covered his crotch and leaned over the table. No hard on yet. "The mitochondria is the-" He read out, but before he could continue his eyes wandered down to the slight opening at the top of Victoria's jacket. At this angle he could see her clavicles, sternum, and just the rim of her bra underneath. He could even see darkness beyond her minimal cleavage. The opening was small, but enough to perhaps fit his cock into-
He coughed, "Right! Yes! Um, ATP. Crebs cycle."
"Sexual reproduction." She responded.
"What?"
"Cellular reproduction." She said again.
"Right." Alex was sweating.
"Sit down!" She ordered. "You'll hurt your back standing like that."
"R-Right!" Alex awkwardly pulled up a chair.
"You know, I really respect you." Victoria gazed at him. He tried to resist panting. He was at half mast already "I saw you doing those push ups when I was leaving." She turned to Stacy, "She's brilliant, and an athlete!"
She?
"A positive role model for women everywhere."
Women?
Alex gulped, his cock was at full strength. He laughed awkwardly as he felt himself dribbling on his own navel. They thought he was a girl. He put his bag on his lap. "We already have the book out," Stacy grabbed and put the bag down. Alex let it happen and put two fists down across his body and groin as she advanced and got up from her seat. Her breasts hung inside her bra meer inches from his face as she pointed, "Right here, I'm having trouble with this problem." As she leaned over her pants slipped halfway down her ass. She didn't seem to care that it was half a foot from Alex's face. Only the spread of her legs kept them up
He felt Victoria inch even closer as well. She put a hand on the back of his chair for support, her fingers lightly brushing his spine, "Oh! Me too!" She smiled, her face close enough to kiss. "What's the answer?"
He was on the edge already. His arms were almost enough to set him off. He could smell them both. He could tell what they'd both eaten for dinner. "Fellatio-!" Alex stuttered. Victoria gave him a confused expression and he imagined fucking the look off her refined face, "Er, I mean, flagellate!" Her expression worsened. He imagined a whip cracking across bare flesh, "No, flagella!" He got it right, but it was too late. He was humiliated. His heart beat like he was doing his cardio again. They knew what he was thinking about now, they must-
"Ha!" Stacy chuckled and snorted in a majestic fashion, her tits jiggling against their cage and her pants nearly abandoning her. "Good one! I'll remember that. You're an okay teacher." She lifted her jeans an inch before leaning over again.
Victoria giggled too. "I like you Alex." She inched closer until their knees were touching. That was too much. Alex bit his lip to keep from cumming. How was he so close?
"I-I need to use the restroom!" He claimed. "Excuse me!" He didn't move. Any moving would spell catastrophe. Two months of backed up cum was fighting to escape and pour over his two new friends. If he was lucky, he'd only cum all inside his shirt and pants, but that wasn't preferable either!
"Well?" Stacy asked. She'd backed away to let him move. Alex was too scared. "Um-" he closed his eyes and thought of push-ups, setups, and squats. Especially squats! He hated those. He imagined himself doing squats. Painful squats. He imagined the girl in the mirror. He imagined her sweaty, girly, hourglass frame bending up and down. He saw her sticking her womanly ass out and setting it down, as if on an invisible lover. He saw her naked, hard cock swing and drip with sweat and sex with each thrust in the air.
This wasn't helping.
"I actually have somewhere to be!" He cried. He almost felt tears forming. Maybe if he ran for it he could save some dignity, maybe they wouldn't see it happening. The library was mostly abandoned anyway. He grabbed his bag and got ready to stand and make a break for the door. His cock was so close. He couldn't take the pressure. Any more stimulation and-
"Before you go-!" before he could shield himself or stand Victoria got up and leaned in. One arm kept his bag down, the other pointed. "Right here, this one-"
"No!" Stacy pushed. Suddenly, two asses were wiggling in front of Alex. His arms were to his sides and his erection was pounding and unguarded. Stacy was so eager she didn't seem to notice her jeans had completely slipped below her ass and were sinking lower. He saw her the gap between her thighs above her waistband. Victoria's legs were lean and elf-like. She was leaning so low that Alex could see her panties, pure white like fresh snow, and make out the curvature of her small, cute, pert, European butt. "This one! I really need this one!"
Then catastrophe struck. His pants could no longer take the strain and his cock slipped, flew and pierced the air from under his shirt and shorts. Both of them were looking away. If he could just cover himself quickly he could run before either realized what had happened. He touched his cock and gasped from the feeling. He was going to blow. He was going to cum to the sight of these beautiful girls fighting for his attention and wiggling themselves around him. Once he came to that conclusion his sense of reason failed. He was no longer a man, he was a whore with a dick. He stroked his cock two or three times in agony and seethed as his basic nature won out. He lost all control and felt himself jump off the edge of the possibility of strength and down the precipice of being a helpless, horny slut.
"Hey!" Victoria was pushed a little too by Stacey and she fell, her skirt falling up and revealing her marvelously toned legs as they spread for support with her back on the ground. She looked up just in time to catch him touching himself and he saw her eyes go wide with surprise. Alex stopped for an instant, their eyes meeting. He tried to hold it it. He felt it coming, but if she saw it happen he would never live it down. Then Stacy stumbled.
"S-Sorry!" Stacy was unbalanced and fell backwards. "Woah!" Alex was crashing into climax when held up his hands to stop her fall. The heavier woman sat squarely on his cock and pushed it against him as his hands slipped across her skin, under her shirt, and grabbed her breasts on accident. "Huh?" he heard her grunt in confusion as Alex wined like a bitch in heat and came all over himself between her panty-clad ass cheeks. His hands gripped and groped her as her ass pumped his cock. He turned to see Victoria's shocked, wide eyed and wide mouthed expression grow more pale as a stream of white hot cum splattered across his own face and drenched his shirt. Goo shot as high as his hair and some even landed in his groaning mouth. He tasted good, he realized in horror. Stream after stream covered him as he felt Stacy shift and tighten herself on him in confusion, as if wondering what she was sitting on. Her hands touched her own chest in curiosity and she shifted and ground her soft panties and tight ass into him. He failed to contain a long moan of ecstasy as his legs shook and his hips bucked uncontrollably. It was the longest orgasm he'd ever had, and he'd never cum more in his life. It was all over him, but Stacy was mostly clean. Near the end he finally shuddered and squeezed some ooze out of his shrinking cock and dirtied her perfect ass as the tip sank between her cheeks. Now there was just enough around Stacie's crack and lower back to moisten and intensify his waning pleasure. This caused one last set of waves and groans that pumped the rest of his lust on her panties and rear. His hands finally sank out from under her bra as he recovered from his peak of pleasure.
The silence was deafening. The only sound was his panting and shuddering. He felt himself dripping with relief and sex. Part of him was glad it was all out now, even if it was all over him and he had destroyed his reputation. One of his eyes was covered in sex, but the other saw that Victoria was still slack jawed and staring. He couldn't read anything but surprise and shock. Disgust? Arousal? He couldn't tell.
"Did-" Stacy wiggled, his half hard cock writhed with her and Alex squeaked with pleasure, "Did you just-" She got up, a slime trail connected them until she turned. "Holy fuck!" Her eyes definitely showed judgment and anger. Maybe even some betrayal and disgust.
"I'm sorry!" Alex had never felt any greater shame. His eyes watered. "I'm sorry!" He said again as he stumbled from the chair, turned, and ran, his cock flailing all the way out of the library.
And he still had a hard on when he got back home.