I rewrote this story because my first draft included changes in tense. I hope that this version is easier t read and makes a generally better story.
There is no sex with my mother in law in this part of the story, that is later.
I have also decided that this will become a multi part story. This is chapter 1.
*
It was Saturday so I was in no hurry to wake up and get out of bed. When I woke up, I got up to go to the bathroom and then crawled back in bed to snuggle up to my wife. I woke my wife up and noticed that she was in a good mood so we started making out. I asked her if she had any plans for the day.
She responded that she does and when I asked her what her plans are she handed me one of my boyfriend cards that said 'The main must stay naked all day.'
I thought, we can do that. I have no issues staying naked all day but she is not a big fan of walking around naked so it usually is just me.
She asked me if she could have breakfast in bed to which I replied that I would be happy to do that.
I headed into the kitchen and put on an apron, because I usually cook bacon and eggs for breakfast. While I was cooking all that I could think about is delivering breakfast to my wife in bed and watching her eat while she is naked. This caused my dick to bounce and got semi hard. I tried not to think about this because I knew I would end up masturbating and if I orgasmed now it will not be ready when I delivered breakfast. It did not go down but I continued to work on breakfast until it was done.
I took off my apron, and my dick started to wake up. I told him to stay down. As soon as I walked into the bedroom I saw my wife who had sat up and her tits were visible. My dick decided that it is going to wake up again and I could feel it start to get harder. My wife noticed this and smiled.
She said 'I am glad I can still do that to you' while she pointed at my dick and smiled.
I respond, 'You always do that to me, you are beautiful.'
She took the tray with breakfast and put it in front of her. She moved around a bit and her tits bounced and swung while she adjusted herself and the tray. She looked at me and said 'come closer please.'
I got as close to the bed as I could and she lightly stroked my dick while she started eating. She started with the buttered toast with jelly, took the toast and broke it enough to wrap it around my dick and used it to stroke me a few times. She stopped stroking and eat the toast. Once the toast was gone she looked up at me and licked her lips to tell me that she enjoyed it. Next, she grabbed the bacon and wrapped it around my dick. She first started to tie it but quickly realized that is was not going to work so she wrapped it around and used a toothpick to secure the bacon to itself. She went back to her eggs and ate them slowly. She kept stroking the bacon on my dick to keep hard. After she eat the eggs she pulled the toothpick out of the bacon, moved the bacon to the head of my dick and then put my dick in her mouth with the bacon still wrapped around it. With her tongue she removed the bacon from the tip of my dick and then pulled my dick out until just the tip of my dick was between her teeth and lips. She chewed up her bacon while keeping her lips wrapped around my hard dick.
After she eat, she wiped her mouth and wiped off my dick with the napkin. I grabbed the tray, the napkin and all the dishes and walked back into the kitchen to clean up. My wife followed me and grabbed my butt most of the way to the kitchen and kept playing while I put everything away.
I went into the bathroom to take a shower and make sure I was shaved well. I figured that if I was going to stay naked all day, I should make sure I was clean shaven also. Now, I normally keep it shaved so this was not a problem for me but I spent extra time this time to make sure it was smooth sack to crack. I came out of the shower and my wife was already dressed. She had decided that she would wear something very skimpy because she was going to enjoy the day with me naked, hard, and frustrated. Our yard is large and wooded. The neighbors could see if they stood in just the right location and we were also just in the right location but otherwise we are secluded so we went outside to enjoy the warmth when the phone rang. It was my mother in law.
I heard them talking for a few minutes and it sounded like my MIL needed something. My wife said that we were not busy, just lounging around the yard so we would head that way. When she hung up the phone she had a smirk on her face and said, 'We are going to mom's for a while.'
I said, 'How, neither of us are dressed appropriately to see her.'
She responded, 'Well, I guess I am going to get dressed and I will find something for you to wear.'
Off to the bedroom again, she got changed into nicely fitting jeans and a casual blouse. I thought, well okay, I guess we would dress normally. She told me to wait and she would find something for me to wear. She went to my dresser and pulled out a pair of shorts that were short and tattered. I said that was okay but where was the underwear? She told me that I did not need underwear. Then she went back to the closet and found a white shirt, this is when I started to protest.
I said, 'Honey, I can't go see your mother dressed like that. '
She responded, 'it is fine, mom will not mind, I mean you are dressed.'
This is not an argument I was going to win so I just resigned myself to this and put the clothes on. There was nowhere to put my wallet and keys, so I gave those to my wife to hold.
We got in the car and took the hard top down on the car and headed off. We decided to stop at a local drive thru and get some drinks. The young woman in the drive thru giggled when she saw the short pants but did not say anything else which made my wife a bit perturbed because she wanted more of a reaction. I did not know at the time but this is when my wife started to make a plan. She decided we should take the back roads since they were slower and more relaxed. When we got onto the old roads my wife suggested that I take my pants off and drive with my stuff hanging out after all it was naked day. I knew that the back roads were not crowded so I decided this would be okay because any cars that passed would not be close enough long enough to see anything.
I took them off and handed them to my wife who proceeded to hold them up into the wind and tease me like she was going to drop them. I told her that she needed to bring them back in before I ended up with no pants.
Casually she said, 'You don't want me to do this?'
She let go of my pants and out the back of the car they went. I yelled 'What the heck was I going to do now, I could not go to you mothers house without pants.'
My wife laughed and said, 'Don't worry, I will get you something to wear, you just need to pull into the next store we find.'
It was about ten minutes before we found the next town but it felt like hours. I pulled into the store parking lot in the farthest corner away from the door. I backed in so I could make sure I saw anyone coming my way and she hopped out of the car to head into the store. She came out after a few minutes and I did not see a bag in her hand so thought, okay we will need to stop again.
She got into the car and said, 'okay we can go.'
I asked where my pants were and she pulled out this swimsuit. Swimsuit is an exaggeration, it was a micro bikini. She wrapped it around the mirror and said, 'You get it when we get to mom's house.'
I did not see much of a choice so I started the car and drove out of the store parking lot, knowing that this would be embarrassing.
When we arrived at her mother's house, I grabbed the micro bikini off the mirror and put it on. I felt self-conscious but I told myself that it was at least clothing. I got out of the car and no one around even looked over at us which did not help as much as it should have. When we walked into the house my wife called for her mom who came around the corner and stopped in her tracks to look at me. She stood there for a long time not saying anything. I wanted to say eyes up here but I could not open my mouth, I was terrified she was going to tell me off for the way I was dressed but she did not.
After about 20 seconds of staring at me during which time my wife walked away and went toward the kitchen she finally said, 'I see that you dressed up today', laughed a bit and stared a few more seconds.
I moved my hands in front of my crotch to shield my almost exposed dick from my mother-in-law. When I did this, she pulled her eyes away and said that she needed some help with tasks around the house.
She did not need help with daily tasks but whenever I am there I try to help. On this occasion she needed help with a shelf that needed to be hung.
I climbed up on the foot stool to help my wife hang the shelf which put my butt at about eye line with my MIL. Not sure who enjoyed the view more. Once the shelf was up we had to hang all the trinkets. I just stood on the stool while they gave me things to hang.
Once all the items were on the shelf, my MIL said that she needed some help hanging items on the wall. This time I had to be on a ladder and stand on the counter which made we feel like I had a spotlight on me so I kept trying to pull my shirt down but it was not doing any good because I would have to raise my arms which caused the shirt to come up and expose my lower body. I tried not to think about it but my wife would say, move it here, move it there. She intended to keep me up there. I looked at her once and pleaded with my eyes, she smiled and I knew she was doing that intentionally.
By the time that we started to cook dinner, I had almost become comfortable until my wife walked by and brushed against my backside. Then she made a point to walk past me so she could slide her hand across my crotch. This caused me to get horny again I started to get hard. Not something that I wanted because it caused my dick to almost pop out of the top of my bikini. When I had to walk over to grab some spices from the other side of the kitchen my MIL walked directly in my path which caused me to brush up against her. I said excuse me and was very embarrassed but she seemed to take it in stride. I made a point to not move around much the rest of the time I cooked.
We set the table for dinner and I started to sit down when my MIL said "Wait, let me get you a towel since you are naked."
I thought, 'Oh crap' and instantly was embarrassed again but my dick twitched a few times, luckily, I had sat down by this time and no one could see.
My wife defended me and said, 'Mom, he is not naked, he has a swimsuit on.'
She responded, 'Hardly, he is almost falling out of his suit.'
I wanted to crawl into a hole and die, I could not believe this conversation but all I could do was just sat there getting redder when my wife said, 'Honey, stand up and show mom that your swimsuit covers everything.'
I said, 'I think she has seen it enough, can I just have the towel?'
She said, 'No, I want mom to see that everything is covered.'
Since my wife was obviously okay with all of this, I decided that whatever she said from this point on I was going to do. I had no idea what was going to happen but I slowly stood up then my wife said, 'Pull your shirt up so mom can see better.'
I pulled my shirt up. My face was so red and my heart was racing so fast I thought it would beat out of my chest. She slowly traced the outline of my dick and said, 'See his dick is covered by the suit.'
Then she grabbed my balls to make sure the protruded and said, 'See mom, balls covered also. Everything is covered.'
She then told me to turn sideways so she could see how it conforms to my body and said, 'Mom, see it fits tightly to his body so his dick and balls are not going to fall out even if he moved around. He is fully covered.'
She told me to turn around and pulled the string out of my butt to show her mom that it covered my butt. Technically I guess everything was covered but not really.
She then told me to turn back around and tugged on my suit a bit more to show her that it was not loose. Finally, she told me that I could sit down.
I sat back down and noticed that my MIL's face was flush but I also thought she was turned on. I know I was as was apparent from the erection that was almost sticking out of my clothes.
During dinner my wife would rub on my leg and put her hand on my crotch to keep me turned on. A couple of times she moved her hand into my bikini to grab my dick playfully. She also would pull on my shorts and then let them snap back to cause me to wince. I know my MIL heard this, she even asked what we were doing. My wife kept saying, I am just playing. It was becoming more difficult for me to stay composed. I was horny and I would have really liked to take my wife into the other room for some good sex. Well, good sex for me at least.
My wife popped my shorts hard while I was drinking which caused me to jump and spill my red wine on my shirt. Quickly she stood up and said, 'Take your shirt off and I will get it in the washer now.'
I stood up and pulled my shirt over my head and handed it to her so she could go wash it. There I was standing in a bikini with a hard on. I saw my MIL look over and I slowly sat back down now only in my micro bikini.
My wife came back, sat down and we continued casual conversation about other projects that needed to be worked on, while my wife continued to play with my shorts under the table keeping me hard. After dinner we all got up and I said that I would take care of the dishes. I grabbed the dishes off the table and started to go toward the dishwasher when my wife came up behind me and grabbed my shorts and said, 'I want to give my mother a thrill, please go with it.'
Her mom was standing a few feet away and looking right at me. I just knew she was going to pull my bikini down but there was no way to stop her since I had my hands full. Instead, she grabbed one side of my shorts and cut it with a pair of scissors. I just stood there shocked. Because it was so tight fitting it did not budge which I think disappointed my wife but not me.
She said to her mother, 'Mom, his shorts are torn, can you sew them?'
Her mother said to me, 'Sure, take them off real quick and I will sew them.'
I said, 'Okay, but I am going to the bathroom and I will hand them out.' I had not intended to be completely naked in front of my her.
I went to the bathroom, took off the rest of my bikini and handed it out to my MIL so she could sew them. I stayed in the bathroom while she sewed it up which did not take her long. She knocked on the door, opened it and handed it back to me and said, 'I did this quickly so I want to make sure it will hold. Please put them on and come out so I can look at it.'
I put the bikini back on and walked out so she could look at it. My erection had gone away by this time. She pulled me close and now my flaccid dick was only inches away from her face and only covered by a thin piece of material. She inspected the sewing job by pulling and tugging the fabric to make sure it would not tear again smiling the entire time. I started to grow again and thought to myself, 'Why does my dick have to start swelling now?'
She was inches away from my dick when I started getting an erection again. By the time she finished inspecting her sew job I was back to a full erection. She said, 'It looks like the sewing job will hold.'
So, I turned to walk away when she swatted me on the ass and said, 'Nice butt young man.'
Of course, this did not help my erection. When I went back into the living room my wife noticed and said, 'Hmmm, someone had a good time with mom.'
I said, 'You started this' and went and sat down next to her.
Her mother came out and we talked more about the new house while my wife rubbed my crotch in front of her mom. This was killing me but I tried to keep my cool and talk normally. Finally, my wife said, 'I guess we need to get going home.'
I said, 'Where is my shirt, did it ever get dry?'
My MIL said, 'Oh I forgot to put it in the dryer, I will make sure you get it back next time you are here or when I am there.'
We got up and I thanked her for dinner and the sewing. She replied, 'it was my pleasure.'
She walked up to me and gave me a tight hug and whispered in my ear, 'It really was my pleasure. I think I will end up playing with myself tonight.'
I thought my dick was going to explode right then and there.
When we got into the car my wife said, 'Okay we are alone again, you know what that means.'
I said, 'Yes', and I pulled my shorts off, not that they ever covered much, and handed them to my wife to put on the mirror like before.
We started to pull out of the driveway when my wife said, 'Wait. Stop the car.'
I stopped the car and she called her mom and said, 'I have a souvenir for you.'
Mom came out and took the bikini. She took a good look at me totally naked now and said, 'Thank you, I am sure I will be playing with myself now.'
It was nighttime so she decided that we would take the main roads back. This would save us a lot of time but would expose me to a lot more people. On the way home my wife played with my dick so that I would stay hard but not so much that I was going to orgasm in the car because she wanted to get home safely.
I know some people saw me because I had a few cars that came up and stayed along side me for a minute and then moved on but thankfully no one called the police. I chose to believe that the wives in the passenger seat saw my wife with her hand on my dick and maybe even got a bit horny.
We got home, put the top up on the car and walked in. Dang that was a night I will never forget, and I wonder what my MIL thought and did after I left.