"What the fuck is wrong with me?" The thought came into my head as I looked around nervously.
I've gone through life with two voices in my head one wanting me to be normal and the other wanting me to be a freak. I've always tried to suppress one of the voices, but it's only made her come back with a vengeance.
The voice and face I showed to the world is the one that is socially acceptable. I'm a recently divorced single woman aged 34 that likes yoga surfing and dancing the night away with friends. Maybe I'd meet a cute guy at the club, and we would chat and flirt a little but nothing more until he asks me out on a date.
But when I get drunk or smoke a joint or take MDMA or magic mushrooms I lose control of my insatiable sex drive and I want to do the most perverted things but I'm too ashamed to admit it to myself. So, my fantasies have me being controlled physically and psychologically Leading to fantasies like, being forced blackmailed drugged or mind controlled.
My weirdest fetish Is exposing myself to strangers in public, my heart wrenched with fear while my inner slut reveled in the moment and tried to force me to do more. There is no feeling quite like it so instead of being out with friends it was shortly after midnight, And I was sitting in my white Renault Clio wearing a pair of stockings with red heels with a small red lace thong and nothing else.
A lush bullet vibrator was moving around inside me and driving me crazy. The tail end of the vibrator was pushed up against my clit and vaginal bone and I was rubbing it with my right hand as I flicked and squeezed my nipple with my left. My seat was pushed back all the way and my backrest was flat on the backseat.
I was parked in an abandoned parking lot at the end of a cul-de-sac. There was a small public park on one side and an empty field with a wooden bridge about 10 to 15 meters long just next to it leading to an industrial area and a service road for trucks and public buses. I knew about this place because I jog across that bridge daily because of the jogging and cyclists' path next to the service road that went through the industrial area and was mostly isolated.
At this time of night, it was very unlikely that anyone would have been coming across that bridge unless he was perhaps a factory worker coming home from a long shift all sweaty and smelly and as he walked through the parking lot, he'd see something through the window of a white Renault Clio, a white naked redhead woman rubbing her wet pussy so hard she squirts all over the steering wheel and windscreen.
Whenever a car came down the road it could either turn left onto a side road or would drive into the small parking lot where I was sitting naked and alone. The turnoff was at the very last moment before entering the parking lot so when another car's headlights streamed light through my car windows it made me cum so hard, I was gasping for air.
99.5% of the time I get home around two or three in the morning with my pussy rubbed raw and me sitting in a puddle of my own vaginal juices. The car would smell of sex and vaginal juices, but I would be unspoiled while feeling only slightly disgusted with my own actions. The voice in my head that caused me to be more normal would scream for me to stop, she'd fill me with feelings of fear and doubt and shame.
So, I often used liquid and chemical courage in the form of drugs and alcohol to lower my sexual inhibitions so I could accompany my perverted sick mind. I was watching porn on my phone holding it up in my left hand while my right hand was pushing my elegant 8 inch black and silver vibrator up my soaking wet cunt.
The parking lot lights illuminated my car interior enough to make sure there were no doubts of what I was doing to myself inside. I looked over my left shoulder pushing my midsection into the air as my vibrator and bullet vibrator were both inside me turning my brain into jelly.
I'd taken a hit of MDMA about an hour earlier before I smoked a fat joint, and my head was really spinning. Before that I was watching hours of pornography while I smoked weed sniffed poppers and rubbed my wet little cunt up to my magic wand vibrator losing my mind as I violently orgasmed over and over.
When I got too horny to think straight, I'd put on some makeup put on a pair of stockings and heels stuff my ass with a steel butt-plug and slip a bullet vibrator up my pulsing pussy. I'd look at myself in the mirror as I slipped on the red thong and notice how large my pupils were.
I slipped on a short black and white coat that came down to the beginning of the lace on my stockings. The coat covered about 2/3 of my round white German ass cheeks and I thought I looked like an adventurous slutty prostitute.
Luckily, I didn't have to drive far as the parking lot was within 2 kilometers of my house where I parked five lanes in at the end of the lot. Two cars had already driven down the road, but both turned left, and one guy walked past behind my car but didn't notice me naked in my driver seat.
"Just do it you nasty little slut you know you want to!" I told myself breathing heavily.
I took a deep breath as the drugs and lust overpowered me and opened the car door feeling the cold air rushing over me. I convinced myself to leave the coat in the back seat as I stepped out into the cold night air turning my nipples hard and feeling just how soaking wet I was between my thighs as pussy juices were running down my inner leg.
I closed the car door and slid down with my back squatting with my legs wide open next to the car. I got this idea online and brought my sleeping mask with me to use as a blindfold just to increase the risk.
So, I slipped on the blindfold and immediately felt my heart fill with fear and my wet pussy pulse with lust. I was fucking myself with my vibrator and softly moaning when I heard what sounded like footsteps on the wooden bridge less than 10 meters away.
My heart jumped into my throat, And I considered pulling off the blindfold and jumping back in the car and driving away as fast as I could, but I was frozen in fear, curiosity, and lust.
"Don't chicken out now, you want to be a public fucktoy just admit it and let it happen!" My inner slut screamed at me in my head as I started fucking myself harder.
I could only hear the footsteps coming closer and continued ramming the 8-inch vibrator deeper into me feeling myself beginning to cum.
The footsteps stopped and I somehow knew somebody was looking at me, the realization sent me over the edge I started coming so hard my butt plug popped out and my bullet vibrator as well falling into a wet puddle of pussy juices and squirt exploding out of me onto the concrete.
The humiliation felt intense, and it was an incredible turn on for me. But it wasn't over yet, and I heard footsteps coming even closer but also moving much slower towards me. My left hand was holding on to the car door above my left shoulder trying to balance myself.
I could barely feel my legs as they shook uncontrollably my dildo dropped out of my hand and fell on the concrete below me as I started violently fingering my soaking wet cunt covering my fingers and thick warm pussy juices, I proceeded to bring my wet fingers up to my mouth and lick them clean.
Tasting my warm thick salty biological lubricant on my soft warm tongue drove my mind crazy with lust and sexual desire. For a few moments it went quiet, and I couldn't hear anything, and part of my brain told me that maybe I was just imagining it, would I be relieved or disappointed I wondered to myself trying to figure out exactly how sexually broken I was.
My inner slut was in full control, and I heard soft footsteps come even closer to me now only a few meters away just off to my right. I reached down to the concrete and tried to find my vibrator without access to my sight. I scooped it up with my right hand. Every cell in my body wanted to rip off the blindfold and run away as fast as I could.
"Just get in your car and drive home and we don't have to think about this ever again. don't do anything you can't take back." The rationalizations and excuses came thick and fast.
"It's too late now just submit to the humiliation. Just let it happen, it's all you think about, being a submissive public fucktoy!" I thought to myself lost and complete lust overdrive.
My left hand was rubbing small circles over my soaking wet clit. I imagine the parking-lot's dark yellow light what's making my clean-shaven pussy glint in the light. I froze in fear for a second When I heard a soft throat clearing and sniff coming from someone standing no more than 1.5 meters from me.
I was beyond caring, completely too horny and drugged up to stop! I placed my right hand behind me and guided my vibrator up against my tight lubricated sphincter. I turned on the little 8-inch monster and started stretching my tight little shitter open.
My mouth hung open as I gasped for air and moaned. My vibrator was now sliding about halfway up my rectum and out again and I was even licking my lips. I heard the stranger softly saying something but couldn't quite hear him over my loud slutty moans.
I had slowly pushed my legs and waist forward and was basically standing with my knees at a 90-degree angle still in my high heels with my head leaning up against the side of the car and my left hand under me on the concrete keeping me in the air.
Someone was getting a great view of me sodomizing myself like a sex addicted whore. I could hear him breathing and could even feel his pants leg softly pressing against my knee and shin. My brain was on fire with animalistic lust. I never knew I could feel so sexy yet so disgusted in myself.
I felt a hand on my lower thigh softly touching me. My heart was beating out of my chest, and I was assgasming so hard my legs were visibly shaking while they held my hips and round bubble butt in the air. he worked his hands up the inside of my wet thigh and I felt his gruff fat middle finger rub up and down my soaking wet pussy lips.
I was in full retarded slut mode, drooling as I licked my lips and moaning louder than I've ever dared moan before in public. I kept violently assaulting my rectum with my vibrator while a stranger pushed his fat hairy finger up my gushing cunt and started fingering me. My hips were thrusting up and down either impaling my tight asshole or pushing some random guy's finger deeper into my pussy.
I didn't want to take off the mask and I didn't want to face reality. In my experience the only difference between fantasy and reality is intensity and smell. The guy smelled of cheap tobacco beer and oil. He had rather big hands and fat gruff fingers. I imagined he was a mechanic or a factory worker at the oil exchange in the harbor.
My slutty mind was swimming in twisted thoughts...
"What if he recognizes me from always jogging through here? what if he's a violent black drug dealer or maybe a pimp on the main road, would he ask me to work for him as a common streetwalker?" my brain felt like Jelly and all I cared about what's my next explosive orgasm and assgasm to vibrate up my spinal cord and into my brain.
I felt him lean down next to me as he started licking and sucking on my nipples. I felt a long mustache and a week-old unshaven beard scratching the skin of my soft breasts as his tongue flicked my hard nipples making me drool with arousal. I felt his erection rubbing against my right hip, he moved his head up until we were face to face and started kissing me as I tasted his wet tongue licking my lips as he tried to shove it down my throat.
Even wasted on drugs and in complete public slut mode I still found myself gagging several times to his bad breath and tobacco tasting spit filling the sides of my sloppy wet mouth. His lips, tongue, beard, and mustache had me believing he was much older than me and someone I would not allow to be this intimate with under "normal" circumstances.
But these weren't normal circumstances and having slut Anna in full control meant that all the disgust and lust I was feeling was about to make me squirt all over this dirty old man's callous hands. I pulled my vibrator out of my gaping asshole and allowed it to fall on the ground as I grabbed the stranger's wrist feeling his big forearms that were quite hairy and muscular and started using his wrist and hand as a sex toy fucking myself senseless.
I started violently squirting as I came like a broken fire hydrant making my ears ring and seeing stars behind the blackness of my sleeping mask blindfold.
"Fuck my mouth mister" I heard myself say softly and embarrassed.
I got into my squatting position on my ankles again, with my mouth hanging open and my tongue stuck out. I could smell his thick uncut, unwashed erection inches from my sloppy wet drooling mouth.
For a moment as I wrapped my wet lips around his thick hard cock, I heard a soft voice in my head crying and asking me to stop before being drowned out by insatiable lust and the taste of warm pre-cum filling my hungry mouth. I sucked and gagged pushing his hard throbbing cock into the back of my throat and squeezing his hairy balls.
I jerked his thick cock with both hands and even licked his hairy sweaty balls sucking on his testicles. He moaned and grunted repeatedly saying.
"That's it baby milk my hard cock your mouth is magic!"
My throat muscles strained as he fucked my sloppy wet mouth harder and deep enough his pubic hair was scratching my nose and his fat hairy ball sack was slapping against my wet spit dripping chin. I could tell from his grunting that he was about to unload years of sexual frustration in the form of warm creamy spunk down my tight wet throat and there was nothing I could do to stop him.
Spit and pre-cum I was dripping down my chin and covering my tits, my tongue was trying to lick his balls while my throat muscles wrapped around his thick purple cock head and shaft making the dirty old man break and explode into my throat.
I felt his fat cock twitch and throb in my throat and on top of my sloppy wet tongue as streams of thick warm salty cum filled my mouth and throat. He must have had blue balls because his thick load kept filling my mouth no matter how many times I swallowed. I stroked his throbbing cock with both hands as I squeezed his big hairy testicles softly draining his entire big load into my drooling mouth.
I slowly got up wedged between him and my car door. I stood up and felt the cold air and realizing that I was still in a public parking lot in open public view. I knew there was come and spit on my face and chin and I rubbed the spit and cum stains on my breasts all over my hard nipples.
My left hand was already searching for my front car door, more desperate to get out of there already feeling a pang of disgust and regret. I didn't want to take off the sleeping mask blindfold, I was scared to see who I just performed unrestricted oral sex with.
"Your suck is incredible" the stranger softly commented as he held my chin and rubbed his thumb across my wet swollen cock sucking lips
.
"Aye.... Aye... I must go." I said as I tried getting back into the car.
He tried asking for my phone number, but I just repeated the same line again and closed the car door. I took off the night mask I'd been wearing for the last half hour and tried not to look out the side of my window. As I reversed out at the last moment my curiosity got the best of me and I looked to my right.
A dark skinned bald chubby middle-aged man in his early to mid-50s wearing a multicolored old polo shirt and what seemed to either be dark navy or black cargo pants and black worker boots. It was for barely a second. I'd also hastily and embarrassingly picked up my butt-plug, bullet vibrator and eight-inch vibrator tossing them into the mat in the front of my car seat.
I felt instant relief as I turned right immediately into the long street, I was still quite wasted but luckily, I was within 3 minutes' drive from my house. I put on my coat in the driveway to get out of the car and closing the automatic gate behind me.
It was around 1:30 in the morning. I took a long shower and started crying for no apparent reason, I stopped when I pushed the high-pressure shower head against my hungry wet pussy having violent multiple orgasms with tears in my eyes.
Afterwards I dried myself off and fell asleep still wrapped in the towel I had on as I fell into bed feeling like I just did a 3-hour workout.
If you're still here thanks for reading my first story I do apologize for the grammar, English is my second language and I hope to improve if I decide to write more about my kinky fetish that might not click with some.