A few years ago my wife agreed for us to join 4 other couples on a 3 day houseboat trip. We arrived at Dale Hollow just after the July 4th weekend. The water was warm, clear and clean. It was just so inviting. We had a great group of couples on the trip. All of us fun loving active folks who were enjoying lots of sun, fun, food and drinks. We all snickered when, one by one, each couple would peel off to have themselves some intimate time together. One of the cutest girls was especially vocal which added to the snickering.
It wasn't till the second day that Michelle decided it was our turn. Rather than robotically doing the deed, she shared that she had just finished reading fifty shades of grey and had a number of naughty things she'd like to try. I hadn't read the book, but I was excited to see what she meant by naughty. Michelle handed me her Kindle and told me I had to read the book before I was to get my reward. She made it clear that it would be worth the wait. She's never disappointed me, so I began to read as fast as I could. I wish I had taken that high school speed reading class more seriously now. I quickly determined there was no way I could finish in one sitting, so, as all my buddies were getting their rocks off, I was reading my butt off making mental notes of all the fantasies I was going to indulge.
This lake was truly gigantic, over 650 miles of shoreline with hundreds of lovely coves. We selected a pretty little cove far off the main channel and tied up. A few hours later a small pontoon boat anchored near us. Two local guys and a girl who were just spending a day on the lake.
Michelle and I decided to go swimming. We took our life vests along for floatation. Rather than putting it on properly we just slid our legs through the arm holes. We found that this impromptu floatation solution allowed us to vertically float in the water with almost no effort. There was a light breeze that took us toward the pontoon boat. They seemed friendly enough, so we decided to pay them a visit. One of the guys was already in the water the others were just lounging on deck. He was just Michelle's type. Young and handsome. I was floating right behind her with my hands gently around her hips. I started thinking of my own fifty shades fantasies, so I slid my hands down along the outside of her bikini. She didn't give me any signs of protest, so I continued to explore till my hands were completely under her pretty little ass. It was then that I noticed Michelle had moved us even closer to her new friend. I wondered if he could see what I was doing? I have absolutely no idea what we were talking about, but I could tell my pretty wife was enjoying her own fantasy. Her nipples were hard and she was arching her back so that her breasts stood up proud for her new gentleman friend. She had that sexy little lift in her voice and was laughing and smiling at everything he said.
I decided to push it a little further by sliding my fingers along the inside hem and gently pulled her bikini to the side. Michelle inhaled slightly, arched her back but quickly returned to flirting with her boyfriend. I began tracing my fingertips along her pussy. Again, no sign of protest so continued to indulge in my fantasy. Just as I felt her start to squirm in the warm water our new friend asked us if we wanted a beer. Michelle quickly turned to me and asked if I would swim back to the houseboat and get her one of her Malibu Rums instead. A million thoughts flooded through my mind. I know how horny she gets when she starts flirting. That's always served me well in the past. She wanted me to read fifty shades; is this all part of her fantasy? I was only half way through the book so I couldn't be sure.
Be it right or wrong I said, sure thing, and released her from my grasp. The houseboat was over 100 feet away. I discretely peeked back toward them as I swam. Michelle continued to float dangerously close to this man she was flirting with. I continued to hear her laughter as I swam farther and farther away. She has the sexiest little giggle, very distinctive. By the time I had reached the houseboat they had floated just barely out of sight. I collected a couple drinks for us and began making my way back to the pontoon. I tried not to rush back too quickly. I didn't want to appear jealous and spoil the mood. Truth be told, I was kind of turned on by the whole thing. They had floated to the side of the pontoon and when I arrived Michelle greeted me warmly. I reclaimed my position, eager to see if she had covered herself. Everything appeared unchanged leaving me to wonder what had transpired. We drank our drinks, finished our conversation and swam back to the boat. As we made our way back, Michelle asked, "Well honey, did that turn you on?"
Have to be honest it really did. "Did it turn you on?" I asked.
She simply replied "orgasmic. You've been a good boy; you've earned some brownie points."
Later on that night she finally shared that they never took things farther than flirting. "You really think I was going to make it with that mouth breather with two of his friends watching?"
Michelle did, freely admit that the experience had put her libido in overdrive.
I continued to read the book but did take time out for eating, drinking, water skiing and all the activities that come along with a houseboat trip. When the last night came around I was still a few chapters short. I begged Michelle to give me a waiver, but she firmly responded, "Every word; then you'll get the best sex of your life - I promise."
I started trying to mow through the last chapters when Michelle came up to me. She said "how about us take a mid-night swim?"
The water was placid, not a ripple in sight, but I was bound and determine to receive my reward, so I kept on reading. She continued to plead in that sexy flirty voice of hers. Just then I saw her bikini drop to the floor. She turned toward me and said, "I guess I'll go by myself."
Well; needless to say, I was naked in the water in a matter of seconds. Michelle placed a floatie underneath the small of her back and another held in each hand, strategically placed between her shoulder blades. She was perfectly balanced, breasts barely above the surface illuminated by the moonlight. The rest of her beautiful body just inches below the clear warm water. I immediately started sliding my hands all over her naked body. There were lights on the back of the boat which illuminated the darkness. At first, we stayed a good distance from the lights, but Michelle began to make her way closer and closer to the light. I tried to slow her progress, but I soon became aware of her intentions. I decided to let her go so she could enjoy her fantasy.
She knew the other guys were sitting on the upper deck. All they had to do is look over the stern and they'd have a perfect view of my pretty wife as she gently floated in the water. With her arms spread wide, her breasts were clearly visible as they softly swayed with each gentle stroke. She stayed directly under the light for what seemed like an eternity. I noticed the others had stopped making noise. I could hear they were still there but being as silent as possible. Michelle spread her legs and gave them all a long sensual look at her beautiful body. After a few minutes, she slowly and sensually ascended the latter and said to me, "More brownie points for my handsome husband. You're going to love what I have in store for you."
We retired to our cabin soon after that. We had to pack up and leave early the next morning.
I had finally completed the entire book on the car ride from Dale Hollow. After 3 days on the houseboat we were ready for more luxurious accommodations, so we decided to let the others drive home while we stayed a night in Louisville. On the way to the hotel I had noticed an adult novelty store. I told Michelle that I was going to the liquor store to get us something to drink. I didn't have much time so as soon as I entered the store I enlisted the help of this kinda slutty clerk. I told her about the fifty shades challenge and asked her what she would suggest for me to seal the deal. It cost a pretty penny, but she selected a blind fold, cuffs, erotic message toys, sex lube and a surprisingly life like dildo. When I got back up to the room Michelle had taken a bath. She called from the bathroom and said, "Well honey, what did you think of the book?"
She exited the bathroom looking incredibly sexy. With her hair and makeup perfectly applied, she graced the room wearing nylon stockings, fuck me stiletto heels and a tiny see thru thong and matching bra. I took advantage of this opening by removing the blindfold from the toy store. She gave me an enthusiastic look and an evil grin! I placed the blindfold on her and guided her to the bed. She gave out a sexy sigh as she laid back on the bed with her arms above her head. I slowly removed her thong, applied the cuffs and secured her wrists to the bed frame. She was breathing hard as I did the same with her ankles. "Is there a safe word?" she said.
I simply replied with a gentle stroke all around her hardening nipples, tracing a feather down toward her hips and barely brushing her pussy. I slid the feather up the other side past her hips and again circled her other nipple. I did this over and over again as she sensually squirmed on the bed.
After a few minutes of erotic foreplay, I walked over to the door and made sure she heard it open. I quietly said "welcome, come in."
"JIM?" she urgently call out!
"Yes dear" I replied.
"Is there someone in the room?"
"Well, you were enjoying your fantasies so much on the houseboat... But if you'd like to stop?"
After a long pause she said "no, not yet."
I began sliding my tongue up and down the length of her swollen pussy. She started to moan "fuck me baby, fuck me" as she swayed her head from side to side.
So I soaked the dildo in sex lube and slid it just slightly into her vagina. She immediately knew it wasn't me and again urgently said "Honey! what are you doing?"
I asked her if she wanted to stop; to which she firmly replied, "no fuckin' way!"
I slid the dildo in and out gently then turned on the vibrator to stimulate her clit. She moaned with delight and kept muttering unintelligible dirty talk. I slid the dildo in farther till I found her G Spot. I turned up the vibrator and soon she was squirming and begging for more. She started loudly calling out "Fuck me, deeper, deeper."
Michelle knew how she wanted the dildo manipulated so I was more than happy to follow her every command. I removed the cuffs from her ankles and she raised her legs exposing her sweet little ass. I lubed up my finger and slipped it in her ass. She let out a deep sigh and began eagerly thrusting her pelvis. I lubed up my cock and firmly slid it inside my horny wife. Michelle rocked back giving me even better access, so I began thrusting my cock deeper and deeper in her ass; all the time gently manipulating the dildo as I had been instructed. I removed the cuffs from her wrists and she immediately grabbed the dildo and started to expertly thrust it in perfect unison with my cock.
After a few minutes of ecstasy, she rolled me on my back, reinserted the dildo in her wet pussy and started to ride my cock reverse cowgirl. I could see her fucking herself in the mirror. All the time she kept repeating, "Oh baby, Nobody's ever cum in my ass."
She knew exactly how to whip herself into an earth shattering orgasm. It didn't take long before I shot my warm load inside my pretty wife. Michelle removed the mask, crawled on top of me and said "Now, aren't you glad you read the book?"