(In part 1, Kelli was recruited to be the company's swimsuit model at the last minute. She showed her boobs to the people at the convention and was kicked out. Today, she works from her hotel room.)
Day four.
Kelli went into the changing room and knew there wouldn't be a whiteboard. In fact, she knew why there wasn't a whiteboard there yesterday. They were shaping into their slut. In four days she had gone from timid housewife to the company slut.
And yet, here she was.
She removed her top and searched around for the bikini. She didn't appear concerned about being topless in front of probably ten guys. When she found the bikini, she didn't bother turning around, simply dropping her panties into a heap on the floor and sliding the skimpy cloth into place.
Their routine was much the same as the previous day, but at the 11:00 show, there was a disturbance at the sign-in table. Kelli watched curiously as a group of very serious looking people pointed in her direction and brandished clipboards and official looking laminated credentials. She couldn't make out all of it, but she got pieces.
"She's out of here. NOW"
"...call the police."
"...had complaints..." That told her the story. Word had gotten out about her topless accidents and now they were busted.
After a few more minutes of debate the sales manager turned around and gave the thumb across the throat gesture to her. A robe was placed around her and she was ushered from the show. The limo pulled around to the back of the convention center and picked her up. Kelli expected Rob, but instead saw the sales manager, a thin nervous man.
On the way back to the hotel, he told Kelli the new plan. Clients would come to see her in the hotel. Kelli thought it was a good thing she had spent that time in the beginning learning the details of the best-selling pieces so she could at least stand a chance at making a sale.
Her first client had a 2:00 appointment. Kelli guessed it took a while to set it up and inform the clients of the new plan. Probably some of them didn't want to leave the show. Probably some of them just said it wasn't worth the effort to listen to some new girl try to sell them stuff. Either way, it was a few hours before anyone showed up.
Ed, the sales manager, introduced the client to her and quickly left the room. She had asked him if someone was going to stay to help or what she should do, and he replied she should, "Stay dressed like you are and you'll know what to do."
Kelli took that as meaning she should do the same presentation as she gave at the show, minus the poolside chat. When her 2:00 appointment showed up and the door closed behind him, he reached up and twisted Kelli's nipple. "Ow!" she yelled, not just in surprise but in real pain. He had been rough with her.
"Shut up bitch" he said and began removing his clothes. Kelli reached behind her and undid her top, then stepped out of her bikini bottom. She fell backward on the bed and spread her legs. She knew what to do.
Mr. Beaman had fucked her hard and fast and that didn't bother Kelli any. She didn't like him and was dreading him staying around and making her do something worse. He called her a lot of awful names as he pounded his skinny little dick into her. He barely waited any time at all after he came inside her before he jumped out of bed and began dressing again. He was done with his slut.
3:00 brought Andy. He sat down and talked to her and mentioned he knew Dave. He avoided looking too overtly at her breasts and instead seemed timid about the whole affair. Kelli knew she would have to encourage him if they were going to get his business. She assumed everyone who was with her was doing business with them. No, she couldn't even think about the possibility that they weren't making lots of money off this, so she turned back to Andy.
"Andy, don't you think I'm pretty? I noticed you barely looked at me."
"Oh, well, yes, I do, I mean I do think you're pretty and but well, I know Dave and while I'm all for you doing what you want and all, and I do appreciate your, well..."
Kelli untied her top and dropped it on the table between them. Andy had no choice but to look up and see them.
He sputtered something and Kelli had to ask him to repeat it. "H-have you been with anyone else today?"
Kelli began to assure him that she had taken a shower, thinking he thought she wasn't clean, but he stopped her.
"I mean, were they good to you? Were they nice? You deserve someone who will be nice to you" and he blushed so brightly she thought she would die. How sweet!
Kelli took his head and placed it on her breasts and hugged him. This produced an audible sigh from him. He said, "Please, can I be nice to you?"
Kelli wondered what he meant, but as his lips traveled down her body she knew.
Andy licked her pussy for almost 45 minutes of their hour. When it was time to go, he cried a little bit. He actually cried.
Kelli kissed his forehead and said he had made her very happy and she was sad to see him go. And it was true. She had never seen anyone lick pussy like that or for that long. This made him smile and he left the room.
No one came at 5:00 and Kelli was surprised to hear that she was done for the night. She thought about asking for the little pussy licker to come back, but it was one thing to allow it and another thing to ask for it. Plus, she was kind of hoping some big-dicked client would change his mind and show up.
None did. Kelli went down to the hotel bar and picked up her meal. She could have had it delivered but she wanted to visit the bar. There wasn't anyone interesting in the bar but she lingered over her meal a while to give them every chance.
She flirted with the bartender some but even that didn't work out.
Fag.
Dave didn't call or come home tonight. Kelli didn't care and went to bed dreaming about a big-dicked stranger visiting her tomorrow. She didn't notice the slight sound it made when the envelope slipped under the door.
Day five.
Kelli saw the envelope on her way to the bathroom and counted out the $2000.00. She was disappointed that it hadn't been more but really all she did was one show at the convention, umm one fuck, and let cuck boy Andy lick her pussy. She thought back to him fondly. He knew a stranger had dumped a load in her right before him but he was so concerned about making her happy. Sweet boy.
All in all not a lot of work for 2k. She realized she hadn't helped them make as many sales and that was the key.
Dave never returned to their room but Kelli didn't care. A knock at the door announced the start of her day. Ed told her they had a full day and Kelli was thrilled thinking of the big paycheck she could expect.
The first appointment was at 9:00, followed by 10 and 11, then at 12:00, Ed knocked on the door and walked in with a 50'ish guy, balding and a little bit of a beer belly. Kelli shrugged that off, but what did throw her for a loop was when she saw the woman walk in behind them.
She was pretty in a "50 year old, probably was an 8 on her best day" kind of way. Kelli wasn't sure if they knew what could happen here, or if the woman wanted to watch, or maybe even wanted to join in? She played it cool for a bit but when the husband took a seat in a chair and the wife sat next to Kelli on the couch, she figured out what was going on.
Kelli reached up and lifted a piece of Dianne's hair into place behind her ear. This seemingly innocent gesture was all that was needed to break the ice. The woman trapped her hand between her cheek and shoulder preventing Kelly from pulling it back. She held it that way just long enough to make sure Kelli got the message, she wanted to be touched.
Kelli closed the few inches that was between them and brought her lips to Dianne's. The soft kiss could have turned passionate very quickly but Kelli pulled back. Walking behind the couch behind Dianne, she leaned forward to kiss below her ear, to kiss her shoulder, to touch her shoulders. When Dianne began melting beneath her touch, Kelli slipped her hands lower and into her top.
Dianne had all she could take and turned to face Kelli. Kelli turned and walked toward the bed, removing clothes on the way. She stripped down to her panties and was joined quickly by Dianne. Her husband didn't come into the bed with them, but moved closer to see all the action.
Kelli wasn't sure if removing her panties would scare Dianne so she had left them on. Sometimes bi-curious girls want to do everything but "that." Kelli remembered her college experiments and how she had loved it all, but remembered all too well the girls that just pretended or played a little.
Dianne wasn't one of those. She devoured Kelli's breasts in her hungry mouth. Her hand slipped into Kelli's panties and cupped her mound. Her slim fingers found her slit and easily slipped inside. Kelli returned the favor and soon all their clothes were gone. She pushed Dianne onto her back and began to finger her with passion.
Kelli lowered her mouth to Dianne and licked at her delicious pussy. Dianne grabbed her hair and pulled but Kelli didn't relent. Only when her legs began to flail did she stop.
Dianne smothered her in kisses thanking her for the orgasm and rushed to taste what might be her first pussy. Kelli was surprised. She licked pussy like a girl with experience or a girl who has dreamed about it for a long time. She licked pussy like a girl who loves licking pussy.
Her husband had his dick out stroking for most of this but now had it inside his pants. Kelli guessed he had already cum. After their cuddle, Dianne went to him and gave him the hardest deepest kiss she could. Kelli knew it was a combination of "Thank you" and "Taste her pussy."
Kelly glanced at the clock and knew their time was almost up. On a whim, she asked Dianne, "Can I have your phone number?"
Dianne said, "Oh baby yes, yes yes"
A few of the afternoon clients were fun, and one was awesome with a huge cock, so for those, she also got their phone numbers. She wasn't sure what she was going to do with them, but she felt good about getting them. Ed handed her a $3000.00 envelope at the end of the day. She had earned it. 7 guys and one girl and some of the guys did it more than once in their hour. Her pussy was swollen in the most delicious way.
Day six, the final day of the show.
Kelli woke early, too excited to sleep. She saw appointments on the list throughout the day but the 6:00 appointment was blank. On a whim, Kelli texted those that had given her their numbers, and and mentioned the opening at 6 to the ones she met during the day hoping that one of them would come to see her.
Kelli spent the day on her back so she didn't check her messages until late that afternoon. She saw three messages saying they could make it at 6:00. Kelli hadn't expected that, but she figured she could maybe work a little later tonight so she could see them all. And who really knew if they would show up or not?
When 6:00 rolled around, Kelli was surprised to see Rob walk into her room. He didn't knock, he walked into her room like he owned it. He came up to her and gave her a big kiss, full on the lips. Kelli started to react to it but he stopped. "Kel, baby, you've given us the most successful week ever! You've made this lazy bunch of slackers work twice as hard as they've ever worked just writing up the orders."
"You've made a lot of money this week, haven't you?" Kelli had added it all last night after she received her payment. It was $11,000.00 not counting what she would get paid for today, and it was all tax-free. Cash.
"I've made a shitload of money, but I've made you even more, haven't I?" Kelli replied.
"You sure have. You know what I'd like to do? I'd like to make it an even $20,000.00. Kelli was flabbergasted. "Wow Rob, that's really generous."
"It is, isn't it? That's why I know you won't mind doing me a little favor."
Kelli thought he meant fucking her and she had no problem with that. "Name it and it's yours."
"I hoped you'd say that. Guys."
Kelli saw the sales team out in the hallway and they began to work their way into the room. Kelli didn't really want them all to watch her and Rob, but...
Three of the boldest guys walked right up to her and began undressing her. Kelli's eyes grew wide as she finally understood. She did a quick count of the room and saw 9 men. She only remained shocked for a little bit because all the urgent hands pawing at her demanded her attention. The strong hand pushing her down on her knees also demanded a reaction. She gave them one, she opened her mouth and began to suck.
The men chatted in little groups around the room while they waited their turn. The people Kelli had invited also came and being gentlemen, the sales team let them go right to the front of the line and fuck Kelli again. There had brought beer and Scotch and they were having quite a party. You see, after a guy had his turn with Kelli, watching the others use her or just their own natural horniness got them hard again. This turned into a 5-6 hour fuckfest.
Kelli had guys cumming in her mouth, on her face, in her pussy, two guys had fucked her in the ass, one guy had jacked off nowhere near her but he was so excited he couldn't wait. One person who wasn't there was Dave. Where the fuck was her husband?
Aww damnit, another guy wants her ass. Kelli felt him slide a slippery hand between her cheeks and insert his finger into her gaping ass. He lubed himself down and began to push into her. It wasn't nearly as tight as it had been, but he still had to work at it. She was belly to belly with the guy below her while the new guy pumped her ass. She never dreamed she'd get double penetration, let alone from strangers.
A cock in her mouth, a cock in her hand, it went on and on for hours. She was a sweaty, sticky cum-covered slut. Rob called out, "Seen enough Dave?"
Kelli whipped her head up and saw Dave staring down at her, the unmistakable bulge of a boner tenting his pants. Rob said, "C'mon boys, let's leave the lovebirds alone. They've got some talking to do." This brought a big round of laughter from the guys.
Rob winked at Kelli and made sure she saw him place the final envelope on the table when he walked out. Dave waited until the door closed and he frantically began to undress.
"What the fuck do you think you're doing" she said.
Dave was shocked but hopeful. "I've got to fuck you too. That was so hot."
"Dave, are you fucking kidding me? You don't show up for days, you haul me to this fucking awful town, you watch half the town fuck me without saying a word and you think I'm going to fuck you. You worthless pencil-dicked bitch of a man. Take your baby hard-on and get out of my sight."
Dave's voice went up in pitch a little and he began to whine. "But Kelli..."
"But Kelli, But Kelli" she mocked his pathetic voice. "Speaking of butts, do you know I've had mine fucked three times tonight?"
"But you would never even let me try that..."
"Dave, get on your fucking knees and lick their cum out of my ass."
The look on his face was priceless.
He sputtered and complained until she kicked him in his stupid stomach. When he dropped she kicked him about the face and chest until he called out to her, "Ok Ok, just stop, ok?"
Kelli was so mad she almost couldn't do it, but he wasn't worth the trouble. She leaned over the back of the couch and heard him scramble to get behind her.
His obedient little tongue began to do it's magic. Dave licked her pretty ass until it sparkled. He tried to move his face to her pussy, but she grabbed him by his hair and said, "Lick all this cum off me."
She was a mess. I lost count of how many guys jizzed on her face or boobs. Her hair was a tangle of knots.
Dave jumped to it slurping and licking away..She had to tolerate him touching and licking her breasts some but she made sure he didn't get carried away.
Dave finished up and looked at her expectantly. Kelli shook her head and told him, "You've got some training you need first."
Kelli made a short phone call then went to retrieve her envelope. Inside was $8000.00 and a business card. It had her name and the title, Vice President of Sales. She was now Dave's boss.
In the morning before the flight.
When her sweet little pussy licking boy from earlier arrived for breakfast, Kelli asked Andy to tell Dave how things were going to be from now on. Dave learned that she was free to fuck anyone she wanted and that he should be happy for her. He should encourage her to do it, and he should always be available to clean her up afterwards.
Dave watched as his cuck teacher licked deeply into Kelli's pussy. He gave her an orgasm with Dave just inches away. Dave had an embarrassing wet spot on his pants where he had cum while watching them.
The flight home was a quiet one.
(Stay tuned for part 3 and see how their new relationship works out.)