Erin looked at her 4YourFans page, while 100 paying clients at $5 a piece was nothing to scoff at; $350, after the company took it's cut it cut, wasn't exactly what all the women online had said they were making. She understood that considering she posted some form of content twice a week, every week, it wasn't bad money but, at the same time, the claims other creators made of earning $1,000 to $20,000 a month made it feel like some kind of cruel joke. Especially considering the intimacy and privacy she gave up to do so. When she'd originally seen adult creators online saying they made their entire living off their 4YourFans page, she couldn't resist giving it a go to get ahead financially. However, she quickly found out the kind of money other creators talked about was only for the top 0.2% on the site. The remaining 99.8% made little to nothing. Heck, her $500 gross amount put her in the top 10% of creators on the platform.
That's not to say Erin wasn't happy with the extra funds, lord knew her part-time job as a waitress wasn't exactly making her any major money. Even with tips she was dreadfully underpaid for what she felt her work was worth. Her and Eric, her boyfriend, weren't struggling financially the way they had before she created her account and, thanks to the extra cash over the last 6 months, they had built up a few thousand dollars of savings instead of living pay cheque to pay cheque.
Erin thought back to how mad Eric had been when she first brought up creating a 4YourFans account. She had mentioned it in an "all hands on deck" discussion they had about their finances and how it may actually get them to the point that they could finally get married and get a house together. She had spent a lot of time explaining how it wouldn't be THAT much different than the modelling career she'd always wanted, but never got. She mentally winced, as she always did when thinking of her aspirations to be a model. All the agencies told her over and over, if only she was 3 inches taller, she'd be perfect. Who knew that being 5'5" with a body most women would die for still wouldn't be enough? It didn't help that most modelling agencies said she had a body type better suited for adult content, than runway modelling. She didn't have that slender, leggy, figure that modelling agencies looked for and, while she certainly didn't carry extra weight, she had an hourglass figure that few models were able to get away with on the runway or everyday advertising.
Eric had raised a myriad of concerns about her creating a 4YourFans page. Erin felt most of them stemmed from jealousy; the idea of other men seeing her in ways that Eric didn't approve of. Seeing her intimately was intended only for him in his eyes, but she didn't see it much different than the modelling career she wanted. If she was modelling a bikini in a magazine, guys would still be ogling her or even masturbating to her image.
Over time, and with many discussions, Eric had relented with both of them agreeing to a set of rules about her account and content. First, Erin would never post or share any content, either pictures or videos, without his express approval. While Erin didn't necessarily like this rule, she did understand Eric's interest in it. She had agreed, simply so it felt like he was involved in some form. Second, Erin would never mention having a boyfriend, let alone any other personal details that may make it come back to them personally. This was an easily agreed to rule, Erin had no interest in her account bleeding into her personal life; let alone the idea that some creep may take things from being a subscriber to being an absolute creep. Third, she would never have any co-stars in her content for any reason, either male or female. This also meant that Eric would never join in, even if he didn't show his face. Erin saw no issues there as she truly loved Eric and didn't want anyone else sexually. Other creators had seemingly gotten by just fine without co-stars as well. Fourth, Eric would never have access to her page as a patron or through her sign on. This particular rule meant a lot to Erin, not because she didn't want Eric involved, but because it would indicate the trust he had in her with her account. She already had to show him whatever she posted; he should trust that she sticks within the rules.
From that point forward, and for the past 6 months, Erin had created a page under the name Sophia Charms and began posting content. She had created a business email address, along with a few adult leaning social media accounts to try and generate a name for herself and drum up subscribers. She would use her social media accounts to post clothed pictures and slightly "spicy" ones to get people's attention and go to her 4YourFans page. She was surprised to find that her first week she had 20 paid subscribers on her page. It seemed like it wouldn't take much time to grow but, unfortunately, it wasn't the start of a meteoric rise on the platform. It took a long time after that first week to finally hit 50 paid subscribers and only last week did she finally hit 100. Her social media accounts faired, better, ranging from 1,000 to 5,000 followers over the last 6 months but that had not translated into paid subscribers.
Erin sighed, wishing she could find a way to grow faster. She had joined a few private social media groups with other creators who would agree to share each other's promo information and would talk about new content together. While the tit for tat sharing would help, it was still on such a small scale that it never really helped anyone with some spontaneous breakthrough. It was a set of a small creators sharing amongst each other and their followers. How could she get out to a wider audience or at least turn her larger, albeit still small, social media presence into more paid subscribers? She couldn't see a way without working with a co-star or somehow getting something viral off the ground.
After focusing on her frustrations for a bit Erin stepped away from her laptop and headed to the bedroom. She grabbed the black lace baby doll and matching black thong that were sent to her as a gift from a fan and started getting ready. She was glad she opened up multiple professional accounts that allowed for gifting, if she had to buy all her clothes and the few toys she used in her content all herself she'd probably be in the negative. Every week she'd usually find something new in the PO box she had set up at the post office for gifts to be sent to her. It had truly been a lifesaver, especially after the first month when she'd run out of outfits and lingerie.
After getting "dressed" as it were, she headed to the bathroom to work on her makeup. Erin spent a good half hour working on something that worked with the baby doll and thong. She ended up choosing a black lip liner, and black lipstick with black eyeliner with wing tips pointing upwards. She felt it met the darker image of the lingerie against her.
She took a look at herself in her bathroom mirror. Her hourglass figure was, quite frankly, stunning to look at sometimes. Erin wasn't a narcissist and, often times, even hated looking at herself but the way her body cut into her waist, then how her hips and ass jutted out was something she knew many women wished to have. Her ass and her breasts weren't the largest, but her body made it seem like they just might be. The only issue she ever had was just how white and fair her skin was; she could barely tan, even if she tried to do it in small increments. Before leaving the bathroom she reached underneath her baby doll and tweaked each of her nipples with her fingers, making sure they were hard before heading into her bedroom.
As she entered her bedroom she made sure her bed was made and that anything that may identify her personally, like pictures of her and Eric on the bedside tables, were put away. After setting up her tripod and camera at the end of the bed, she hit record and slowly got on the bed. Initially sitting cross legged, but then deciding to get up on her knees, sitting up straight. She looked into the camera, taking a deep breath, and quickly starting in...
"Oh Bob... I can't believe how good of a choice you made," her voice a bit deeper, huskier than normal. She knew this was the voice that her subscribers liked; well Eric liked it too but she didn't "have" to put it on for him like she had to for her subscribers. It always made her feel awkward to put on when she was by herself in her bedroom; it felt like such a phony act. Somehow it never seemed to show on camera but it always made her feel off somehow. She started to look down, her right hand travelling over a breast, her hard nipple visible through the baby doll. She took her index finger on her left hand and held it up to her black lips, pulling down her bottom lip.
"How did you know?" Erin said, as she let her left hand travel down, underneath the hem of her baby doll, then rising up underneath. She made sure it was clear her fingers were reaching up to the waistband of her thong, her fingers slowly slipping beneath. She knew she could fake it just fine, but she was going to shoot another video for all of her followers after, so she let her fingers reach in, touching her bare lips. Her middle finger started to trail up and down her slit as she closed her eyes lightly and let out a light moan.
"Don't worry Bob, I'm going to have a lot of fun with your gift," she said, smiling at the camera. Her fingers starting to rub herself, she let out a light moan as she made it obvious her fingers were moving over herself, just under the front of the thong. She let this go on for about a minute, feeling herself get wet, before she said "cut" out loud.
"That should be enough for him considering the gift," she thought to herself. At that, she reset herself on the bed, on her knees, as she thought of ways to present herself for the video she would post to her main feed in a couple days. Before settling, she reached over to the nightstand, got her phone and took a couple quick selfies. She was careful not to catch a nipple or something that would get her violating the terms of service on social media, but gave enough of an enticing vibe. After take a look at her phone she found a couple that would work, mostly looking down at her and showing off her cleavage through the baby doll, without showing the dreaded nipple that could get her banned on her social media accounts. Before setting her phone down she turned on some music, connecting to the Bluetooth speaker in the bedroom.
She gave it a few seconds before she started to shift and dance a bit to the music. She had chosen something "gothy" in her mind that would fit the look she'd already hit on; especially with her black lipstick. She shifted back and forth, swaying on her knees on her bed, looking at the camera the entire time. She would eventually reach up under her baby doll and pinch a nipple, moving and shifting, turning around and bending over a bit to show, and shake, her ass before she would turn back around again. As the song finished, she would pull her baby doll up and over her body before tossing it to the side on the floor.
As she knelt with just her little black thong on, her nipples hard and sticking out, she said, "What do you think baby? Is it time?"
She almost winced that time, feeling a bit off saying it, but she pushed through. Her hands rising up to her breasts, cupping each one as she squeezed. Her nipples getting even harder as she let out a small moan, squeezing her breasts as she eventually let herself fall back into a mound of pillows on the back end of the bed. She let out a giggle, her dark raven hair messy laid out on the pillows, her legs spread in front of the camera, as the pillows raised her body. She lifted her hips up as she put her thumbs into the waist band of her thong, pulling it down, and off, kicking it to the end of the bed. The thong remained visible by the camera, she hadn't intended it, but it provided a great view of a little wet spot on the front.
As Erin set her butt down on the bed, she spread her legs wider, letting her fingers reach down as she began to rub herself. She let her fingers explore, the video picking up on the signs of pleasure in her face, including her face and chest starting to become flush. Erin showed off her bare, completely shaven vagina. The camera could even pick up the signs of wetness, in the reflection on the lips of her pussy. Erin's other hand reached up and cupped her breast, from the straight on angle and the way she was laying down, raised up, her breasts looked even larger than her 34C breasts normally did. Unbeknownst to her, many of her followers would have already cum at this point of the recording.
Erin's fingers would then move down her trim stomach to penetrate herself as two fingers would enter, an audible gasp escaping her lips, filling the room, and being caught by the microphone on her camera. Her hips raising as she would begin to finger fuck herself. Her eyes opening and closing, she felt great, but she had to keep in mind she was trying to put on a show. She had to keep in mind that just laying there wasn't always enough, as she would raise her hips up to meet her fingers.
"Oh fuck!" she would end up crying out, as her fingers and hips would meet. She'd start saying it over and over again, her hips raising and her fingers going in as far as they could. This would go on for about 10 more minutes, during which Erin would have one smaller orgasm that would build to one final large orgasm, that saw her shaking and shuddering on her bed. Her hair a mess, her fingers soaking wet. As she came down from her orgasm, staring up at the ceiling, she purposely made it look like she slowly fell asleep naked on her bed like that until she said loudly, "Cut!"
Erin would lay there for a few minutes, trying to gain her wits about her after her orgasm. She had realized over time that she might have a bit of an exhibitionist streak in her, and despite her awkward feelings and disinterest in staring at herself, she always had a great orgasm when recording. She eventually got up, on wobbly legs, and went to turn the camera off. She made note that at some point this evening she'd have to cut the footage into two videos, one for Bob, who gifted her the lingerie and the other for her main feed. She'd have to look and see if there's anything else to cut, awkward quiet parts or any time she may have made an awkward face or looked off in some way.
She eventually had a relaxing shower and upon getting out found that Eric had gotten home. She looked at him, thinking about her love for him even if he sometimes looked kinda dorky. He wore thick, black rimmed glasses, had his short dark hair, it all made him look like some 50's rock and roll star. He clearly looked like he came from a different time and it was one of the things she loved about him.
"Hey hun," Eric said as he saw her in her robe out of the shower.
"Hey babe, how was work?" Erin asked earnestly.
"Oh it was fine, nothing special," he said. He looked at her for a second then into the bedroom, noticing lingerie on the bed, "You shoot a video today?"
"Uh, yeah," she said, always feeling a bit guilty about it, but she knew that Eric always ended up loving the videos. He always wanted to get in bed after watching them.
"So you have something I can see tonight?" he asked with a bit of a smile.
"For sure, I may just do the editing first, then you're free to watch them before I send them out," she responded. "There's one video for the follower who sent the lingerie, then one for the main feed."
"Well you'll have to wear the lingerie for me tonight," Eric replied with a smile.
"Of course you'd like that tiger," Erin said, knowing he was already sexually excited. "But that'll be later, after dinner and I get the editing done."
Eric groaned as they both went ahead with their evening. They had a nice dinner together, before Eric watched some TV and Erin did the basic editing she needed for her videos. She was quite impressed with how things turned out, she didn't need to do more than just cut the start and end of each video. Normally she had to splice out a bunch of little pieces; she was impressed as she seemingly became more comfortable with being on camera and knowing what to do and when.
When editing was done and everything was away it was 9pm already. She put the videos on a thumb drive, she eventually came out and handed it to him with his laptop, as part of the typical ritual they had when she finished up any content.
Erin left the room as Eric put the drive in his laptop and started the shorter video. He winced a little, knowing she made personal videos for people that would gift her, but he couldn't deny she looked amazing in her lingerie.
Erin got redressed in her lingerie in the bedroom, noticing she had left a small stain on the front of the thong. She put it on for now, fixing her makeup. Now that she knew how she wanted it to look after this afternoon, it was quick and easy to replicate.
She checked her laptop real quick, checking the email she had tied to her 4YourFans account, and noted she had an email titled, "Marketing and Influencer Opportunity", she quickly opened it scanning through. It mentioned something about being sent some items that she could use in her content and get paid for use and engagement. She never received many emails, let alone one with a possible business opportunity in it. She'd have to look at it later, as she noticed now was about the time the videos she cut should be ending.
As the second video ended, Erin walked up behind the couch, Eric sitting with his laptop in his lap, and put her arms around her boyfriend. "Well, what did you think?"
"Uh, yeah, it was good," Eric replied.
"Just good?" she whispered in his ear, as she reached down and picked up his laptop, putting it to the side. Then running her hand over the front of his pants. "I think he thinks it's more than just, 'good'," she teased, rubbing her hand around the hard bulge she felt in his pants.
Eric groaned as she did that, "You're incredible babe..."
"Thank you tiger," she whispered in his ear as she eventually took her hands off him, walking around the couch. She gave him a good, live look at her in the same baby doll and thong he just watched her in on his laptop. She couldn't help but feel so sexy in front of him like that, the way the videos had teased him and got him hard.
"So, do I get your approval to post them babe?" she asked as she swayed her hips a little in front of him. Taking her foot she put it between his legs and pushed his knees apart.
"Uhm, yeah... yes," Eric responded. He had a hard time finding his voice as he looked up at his girlfriend looking so sexy.
Erin then got on the couch with him, getting into his lap, she straddled him, her legs on either side of his thighs. Her looking down at him, her visible breasts in front of his face. "Maybe I should get you to thank Bob for this lingerie?" she said playfully.
Eric coughed, she'd never said something like that before, he was taken aback. Erin laughed at how that made him react, "Yeah, maybe," he said, not sure how to respond.
"It's okay baby, it's only for you..." as she reached down and took his hands, feeding them up underneath her baby doll to her bare breasts. She looked down at his hands, visible through the sheer fabric, as he squeezed her breasts. She could feel her nipples getting so hard, she raised her hands up over her head, pushing her chest out.
"Mmmmm, baby, that feels so good," she moaned lightly. "Give your little porn star what she needs."
Eric couldn't help but respond to her, she knew he liked it when she said things like that. He still hated that all those videos were viewable to anyone and everyone that paid her monthly, but he couldn't help that her being so sexy and forward, her creating those videos, was a major turn on for him. He squeezed her breasts under her baby doll as he worked to make her moan. Her hips were grinding down on him, her thong covered pussy pushing down against his bulge was making him moan and he honestly couldn't tell how long he might be able to last like this.
Erin could tell Eric might lose it in his pants if she wasn't careful, he'd done it before, and wanted his cock tonight. So she backed off on grinding on him, leaning down and kissing him deeply. Her lips pressed against his, her tongue slipping into his mouth. She kissed him passionately as he tried to match her passion.
After a few minutes Erin suggested they head to the bedroom. Once there, Erin laid back on the bed, pulling her thong off and tossing it at Eric. Eric would catch it, feeling how wet they were. Erin watched as he took her panties and put them up to his nose, sniffing them. She practically moaned from seeing that, seeing how much she clearly turned him on, before he started to undress.
Eric took his clothes off, showing off his, honestly, average white body. Erin knew he wasn't some stereotypical muscular hunk, but she loved him and that turned her on more than any particular body would. She saw him there naked, coming towards the bed, she could see how hard he was and how wet the head of his cock was as he climbed up on the bed and got between her legs.
"Go on tiger, give me what you've got," she said as she looked up at him, her eyes begging him to fuck her.
He clearly took the call as he started pushing himself between her thighs, her baby doll pulled up to allow him entrance. He felt the head of his cock push against her pussy lips as he groaned at how wet she was, "God you're wet."
"Just for you baby, go on, give it to me, all of it," she responded, then winking at him as she licked her lips.
At that Eric sunk all of his cock directly into her, all 4.5" of him. Erin groaned, feeling him penetrate her and Eric met her groaning as he felt how wet and tight she was around him. Quickly Eric began thrusting in and out of Erin, him moaning louder and louder.
"Yeah, that's it, there you go baby, give it to me." Erin responded to his thrusting, "give me that big cock of yours baby."
"Oh god," Eric said out loud, not intended for anyone at all. He was immediately ready to orgasm and cum in Erin, but he was trying so hard to hold back.
"Come on baby, give me that orgasm," Erin said, "fuck your porn star".
At that Eric couldn't hold back as he started to cum in Erin, he began grunting each time he would spurt into her. Five grunts altogether before he began to slow down and slowly pull out. To say Erin was disappointed he came so quick was an understatement, she had been wanting him to give her an even better orgasm than the one she had earlier by herself, but knew he could only go so long.
"I'm sorry hun.... I," Eric began to say, before Erin cut him off.
"Oh, no baby, I love how much I turn you on. It's ok you couldn't hold back." She responded.
"I can... help?" He said awkwardly.
"No, no, it's okay baby," she said, trying to reassure him, "I orgasmed earlier, I'm okay".
Eric took that as something that was fine for her and got off of Erin, sliding over on his side of the bed. Erin got up to go to the bathroom and clean up. Eric watched her walk off, her looking incredible, thinking to himself, "she's truly amazing..." before falling asleep.
Erin got to the bathroom and sat on the toilet, letting Eric's cum drip from her down into the toilet. She reached down and started cleaning herself up with toilet paper. Eventually standing up, pouting a little at herself in the mirror, thinking she looked great in the baby doll, and it was unfortunate Eric couldn't have finished the job tonight. However, as she looked in the mirror she found herself reach up underneath the baby doll and touch her nipple, feeling it getting hard again as she looked at herself. Eventually she had two hands over her breasts, working her nipples until they were as stiff as possible, then setting one foot up on the toilet seat as she would reach between her legs, rubbing her hard clit.
She felt herself getting wet immediately and watched as her face and chest started to get flush again in the mirror. She looked at her own excitement in the mirror and found it feeding her to get more and more turned on.
Erin would stand there in front of the mirror for 10 minutes before she finally found herself having to use her free hand to hold herself up as an orgasm rocked her body. It took a few minutes before she was comfortable enough to move, eventually heading back to bed after cleaning herself up again.
Eric was already snoring as she got in bed. Erin made a note that she'd have to check that email she got tomorrow when she had a chance, but quickly found herself falling asleep.