I had rehearsed the conversation in my head at least a hundred times. I painstakingly thought about what words to use, the inflection in my voice, how to lay it all out logically and even what body language to use. I knew the time was right.... tonight, yes, this was going to be the perfect opportunity..... he was having one hell of a good night.
I watched as Bert, my father in law, rolled his fifth straight strike. When Cindy and I first started dating, she told me her father was something akin to a local bowling legend. He had bowled in a pro-am tournament and had several certified 300 games. So early on, I wisely told him I enjoyed bowling, but added I was terrible at it. "No problem," he said, "I can teach anyone how to throw strikes!" And you know, he was right.
When Cindy and I announced our engagement, Bert invited me to join their men's league and Cindy encouraged me to do it. So, it became a family thing every week. Cindy and her mom would join Bert and I at the Brunswick Lanes where we would bowl, drink beer and laugh it up. The funny thing is - I really enjoyed it and Bert turned me into a real bowler. He took me to the pro shop and bought me "The Hammer" (the Holy Grail of bowling balls at that time), and had his buddy Phil drill the holes and nursed me through the pain of a new ball. Bert and I were getting to be pretty good buddies.
Tonight, though, I was going to risk it all in hopes of giving my wife something she always wanted - her father's cock.
Cindy and I have always enjoyed a very full and robust sex life. I never have to beg for sex or try to talk her into it. It's always exciting with her, and we do a lot of things to keep it interesting. She understands and allows my fantasies, just as I understand and allow hers. When I told her of my life long panty fetish, she was perfectly willing to accept and allow it. When she told me about her exhibitionist fantasies, I was more than willing to accept it and "help out" whenever the opportunity presented itself.
About six months after we were married, we went out for dinner and a movie. After dinner, we drove to the theatre only to find that the movie we wanted to see was sold out. So, with nothing to do, we started to head back home. As we drove, I remembered we had talked many times about the local adult store and how we should stop in there sometime to see if there were any interesting toys we might find fun. With nothing else to do, I asked her if now would be a good time to go check it out, and, she happily agreed.
Now, this isn't one of those places with "ADULT" and "XXX" neon signs above the door. It's in a commercial shopping area and we saw younger and older couples in there. As we browsed the store, trying to get up the nerve to wonder over to where the dildos and vibrators were, we came across a display rack that had fantasy costumes. They had all kinds to choose from. There was one that caught my eye – the Naughty School Girl costume.
The ensemble contained white knee high socks, a very short tartan skirt and a stretchy white top with the wide collar the school girls wear. I envisioned my Cindy dressed like that – playing the part of the innocent but naughty school girl, and as I reached out to get a closer look at the costume, she whispered in my ear "That's almost exactly like the one I used to wear when I was in school."
That was all I needed to hear. Smiling, I selected one from the display and replied "Hmm, well you see..... it says right here on the label 'Naughty School Girl'. Were you naughty?"
"If you buy that," she said, "I can almost guarantee you I will be."
I felt my cock surge as I looked at her. There was a sparkle in her eyes and a flush in her cheeks. "You know," I said "naughty girls usually get a spanking."
"Oh, is that a promise?" She asked.
"Absolutely. I might have to pull that little skirt up and take some liberties, too," I answered, "I would have to touch you all over, you know.... all over your little girl panties and between your legs. I might even have to pull your underpants down and confiscate them just to teach you a lesson, you naughty girl."
"Would you make me lie there, over your knee with my skirt pulled up and my panties pulled down while you touched me?" Cindy asked.
Her question didn't need to be answered verbally. I just nodded my head and told her naughty school girls should expect to be punished in many ways. "After all," I added, "they deserve it."
She quickly looked around, and seeing no one near by, grasped my hand and moved it to the bottom of the jean skirt she was wearing. "Feel me," she said, "and see if you think I'm a naughty girl."
I glanced around to make sure we couldn't be seen easily. Since we were shielded by the racks and displays around us, I slowly moved my hand up her skirt and toward her panties. As I got close to her silky covered mound, she shuffled her legs apart to allow my touch. To say she was 'wet' would be an understatement. The crotch of her panties were literally drenched with her juices.
I traced my fingers up her slit, pushing her panties in between her lips and I could feel the wetness saturate the material. Her lips gave way easily, and I paused to momentarily covet the wet, squishy feel of her warmth. It was pure heaven.
Moving my fingers to the side of her gusset, and, pushing under her panties, my fingers were met with a pool of pussy juice. She was indeed sopping wet. Even before my finger slipped between her labia, my hand felt like it was bathing in her wetness. I looked up to see her smiling at me and nodding her head up and down as if to say "Well, what do you think?"
Needless to say, we immediately made our way to the counter, paid for the school girl outfit and high tailed it out to the car. Once there, my hands went directly under her skirt as she spread her legs wide for me. I fingered her outside her panties, and then slipped my whole hand down the front of her silkies and masturbated her to a booming orgasm right there in the parking lot. If the people walking past our car would have looked in, I wouldn't have cared or stopped – we were both so hot and turned on...... and she was drenched..... I simply couldn't stop myself.
Gathering our composure, I started the car and we pulled out of the parking lot and started to make our way back home. As we drove, I matter-of-factly asked her if she wouldn't mind letting me have the panties she was wearing. Of course, what I meant was "Once we got home, could I have your panties?", but, she didn't wait for me to be specific and she immediately started to shift her hips and lift her bottom to remove them.
As soon as she had them off, she turned toward me in the car seat and spread her legs lewdly. Although I could barely see because of the darkness in the car, I know she was intentionally opening her legs and exposing herself simply to tease me. When we got to the next stop light, the street lights at the intersection bathed the car in light. I was blown away to see her leaning back and rubbing her pussy with the panties.
"Jeez," she said, "these are going to be really, really wet by the time we get home. I'm just going to relax and rub them all over my pussy for you. You like that, don't you?"
"You're being a very naughty girl, Cindy." I answered. "You're teasing me and that's not nice. You know very well what that's doing to me, and I can't do anything about it while I'm driving." She reached over to feel the steel pole in my pants and laughed.
"Well," she replied, "when we get home, I guess you're going to have to teach this little school girl a lesson, huh?"
The slinky smile on her face told me that she was enjoying herself. Her exhibitionistic side had kicked in and she was in a seriously playful mood. As I drove, I kept watching as she closed her eyes and settled into a very deliberate masturbation pattern, complete with the sounds of her fingers, wrapped in panties, as they diddled her sopping vagina. Every now and then a moan escaped her lips or she would say something nasty to me like 'Do you want to watch me cum', or 'Should I turn around and let the other cars see me?'
This kind of playful sexiness is exactly what I loved about Cindy. She knew how to turn me on, and could do it at the drop of a hat. When she was aroused, the boundaries were wide and she always tried to draw me into it as deep and, as quickly as possible. This time was no exception and my straining cock would have exploded at the slightest touch.
As soon as we hit the driveway, she threw open the door and ran up the drive toward the house, leaving me to park the car and bring in all our stuff. When I opened the front door, she was standing in the doorway of the kitchen, silhouetted in the bright light behind her. She was completely naked. Her arms, stretched out to her sides, were holding on to both sides of the door frame and her feet were spread wide apart. Dangling down between her legs I could see about four inches of her yellow panties. The rest of her panties were conveniently slid up inside her pussy, leaving just a hint of them hanging out for me to see.
Cindy knows me so well. She knows that seeing her like that will drive me wild. She's trained me to get down between her legs and then lick her until she tells me to stop. Only then can I have her panties as my prize. The rule always was the same: I can't sink my cock into her until I make her cum, draw out her panties with my teeth, and, slather my face with her soaked undies.
"I've been naughty again." She said, smiling at me. I watched as she reached down to her pussy and pushed a little more of her panties up inside her. "Better hurry, baby. They're going to disappear unless you do something to claim them."
I closed the front door, dropped her purse and the package from the adult store in a heap along with my clothes. In a flash, I was on my knees between her legs paying homage to her luscious vagina as I licked and sucked to get my prize. With the stub of her panties in my mouth and my face rubbing up into her, I reached up to cradle her bottom as I began to concentrate on making her cum. Between the nibbling and rubbing of her clit with my nose, and my fingers spreading her butt cheeks open, it wasn't long before I felt her legs buckle and start to give out.
I pulled her down to the carpet with me, guiding her womanhood carefully down to my face. From there, I let her set the pace as she positioned herself on top of me so she could control the pressure on her clit. Shortly after she was settled, she thrust herself down onto my face and came with such force that she almost smothered me.
After only a few seconds, she leaned forward to support herself on her hands and lifted her hips slightly. Moving very slowly from side to side, she brushed her now completely saturated panties back and forth across my face like a paintbrush. Damn, I love this woman – I love her scent and her juices. I could lay like that forever while she bathed me in her wonderful wetness.
I reached down to stroke my cock as she hovered over me. "No, no, no...." she said, "I want that nice cum inside me, not all over my carpet. Come on, let's go get in bed."
With that, she got up and ran into the bedroom. When I got there, she was laying on the bed with her knees drawn up to her chest. Her hands were on either sides of her pussy, opening herself up to the point where I could see her yellow panties disappearing into the pinkness of her vagina. What a wonderful sight that was, seeing her opened up like that, just for me. "Here you go, lover," she said, "come get your sweet little panties prize."
Not being one that has to be told twice, I got on the bed between her legs and took the end of her panties in my teeth. As I usually did, I began to pull them out slowly. After I had them pulled out of her another inch or so, I would try to get as much of them in my mouth as I could, and, then pull out another inch.... and so on. The real treat in doing this comes when I'd pull about three inches worth of panties out of her vagina. At that point, her panties would be soaked with the heavy lubrication from deep inside her. The texture was sinuous and thick, and the smell and taste is the ultimate aphrodisiac. She knows this is an incredible turn-on for me, and allows me to do it as often as I desire to.
I repeated the process, inching her panties out of her vagina little by little. The last few inches, now coated with her natural nectar, were nothing short of heavenly. As I pulled the last of her undies from between her lips, I couldn't stand it anymore. My cock was so hard it was actually hurting.... I needed to be inside of her. I needed to feel her warmth surround me, gripping my cock.
Usually, I take a lot of care when I enter Cindy so she senses the love and caring I have for her. But, this time, she was so wet and so ready, all I had to do was line myself up to her pussy and I glided in effortlessly. I arched my back and I sunk into her, trying to give her as much of my cock as possible. When I was in all the way, I smiled at her, asking, "Do you want to get on top and ride me for a few minutes?"
I don't think I can ever remember a time when Cindy has turned that offer down. Now, don't get me wrong.... I'm not a 'wham-bam-thank-you-mam' kind of guy. I always take great care to make sure she gets to cum first. Like most guys, I'm good for one cum at a time, and then I need to recharge. So, I almost always offer her a chance to ride on top before I get my rocks off. This time was no different. Even though she was on her back with her legs opened wide, I was still going to let her have her ride if she wanted it.
And as always, she giggled and said "Oh, I think I have one or two good cums left in me, so yeah, let's roll over."
Now, we have the 'intercourse roll' down perfectly. We can roll this way, or that way and I always stay firmly in her and comfortably between her legs. Once we had rolled over, she began that thrust and rub motion that sends her into another time and place. She rarely talks when she's doing this.... she closes her eyes, hangs her head down so her hair brushes in my face, and then begins to grind on me. When she starts to pant, that's my cue to reach up and cup her breasts in the palm of my hand, applying even pressure on her orbs as I gently kneed them toward her nipples. This usually causes her to pick up speed and thrust herself more forcefully down on my cock. I arch up to meet her as she continues to thrust down and grind on me. Once her mouth opens to get that big breath of air, that's when I know she's about to cum and I start to pinch her nipples lightly. More often than not, that's when she'll say "I'm gonna cum now!"
And I did exactly all that. Except this time, before she started to cum, she said "I'm gonna be such a bad little school girl for you..... oh yeah..... your cock feels so good in me, Daddy....."
Whoa! What was that she just said? She called me 'Daddy'!
I'm not even sure she realized what she said, but there was no stopping her. She was like a wild woman and even though I was arching my cock up to her, she was plunging down on me so hard that the term "riding on top" took up a whole new meaning. I started to pinch her nipples harder, and that threw her into a frenzy.... wailing away on top of me like she was out of control. The steady rhythm of her thrusts and grinding were gone – she was going for sheer animal penetration now.
When her orgasm overtook her, it was like she was a different woman – a woman I hadn't ever met. She suddenly froze and I felt her shake and she collapsed on top of me, completely out of breath. Her heart was wildly thumping inside her chest and I could feel it as she lay on top of me. When I put my arms around her to hug and comfort her, I found that she was covered with a thin film of sweat – a testimony to how hard she rode my cock. But, as she lay gasping to catch her breath, I stroked her hair and fondled her neck, something that really soothes her. Slowly but surely, her breathing slowed and I felt her weight finally settle onto me, as if all her muscles had suddenly gone loose at the same time allowing gravity to take over.
Now, at this point in my story, I have to be completely honest and admit that my intentions suddenly changed. Before her 'Daddy' comment, I was being thoughtful and letting her have her cock ride before I got the chance to have my own fun. But now, her "Your cock feels so good in me, Daddy" comment was consuming me. I don't know what caused her to say it, and, I don't know what thrilled me about it, but I wanted to know more and my cock was harder than it had ever been wondering if she really did want her Daddy's cock.
As Cindy lay on top of me, I had the good wisdom to hold my tongue about her 'Daddy' exclamation for now. Instead, I decided to wait until just the right time to see what more I could learn.
I started to move very slowly under her, just barely thrusting up into her warm and relaxed pussy. Lightly rubbing her back, I began to kiss her neck and snuggle light kisses around her ears. "Oh, baby, you've got me so hot," I said, "that was fantastic. I've never seen you cum that hard."
She lifted her head and kissed me on the lips. Her mouth was wet, but she seemed hesitant...... maybe shy or embarrassed. I began to buck up into her and kiss her more forcefully. "Can we roll over?" I asked.
Once we rolled over, I held myself up as I looked down at her. Her eyes were fixed, and her head was turned slightly away from me, appearing to stare out into space. She was preoccupied with something, that's for sure – was she aware of her 'Daddy' comment and was she being consumed by remorse now? Suddenly, I knew what to do.
"Come on, baby girl," I said, "open your legs wide for Daddy."
You should have seen how fast she opened her eyes and looked up at me. I sensed some hesitancy, so I followed up with "Open up so your Daddy can put his big cock in his little girl's pussy."
With that, her knees pulled way, way up and she open her legs to a point where I knew she had to be hurting. I saw the beginnings of a smile on her face so I continued taunting her by saying,. "Did you think I didn't know, baby girl? Daddies know everything."
I started to move in and out of her very slowly. She never broke eye contact with me – not even when I asked her "Is Daddy hurting you?"
"No," she answered, "you're not hurting me.... da...."
I lay down on top of her as I moved my hips up and down, sliding my cock in and out of Cindy's velvety pussy. "Go on, baby girl, go ahead and say it. I know you want to.... it's okay... say it."
"Oh, Gawd," she moaned, "Daddy, you're not hurting me..... please fuck me.... Oh Gawd, Daddy!"
She started to move forcefully under me, tilting her pelvis up, trying to get me into her deeper. My own excitement was rising, too, but I wanted to keep the incestuous role play going between the two of us as long as I could. In my mind I could literally picture her on her back with her legs opened wide as she prepared herself to be impaled by her Daddy's cock. The thought of it, just imagining it – fantasizing about watching it – was getting me closer and closer.
"You want your Daddy's cock, don't you?" I asked.
"Yes!" She moaned.
"You want Daddy's cum, too, don't you?" I asked.
"Uh-huh." she moaned again.
"You're going to let Daddy have his little school girl any time he wants from now on, aren't you?" I asked.
"Yes, yes, you can fuck me anytime you want, Daddy." She screamed. "I've wanted this forever, Daddy. Please fuck me!"
That's all I needed to hear. I rose up, holding myself up with my arms locked tight and I stared to plow into her..... watching her breasts jiggle in time with my thrusts, and her head thrown back into the pillow each time I sank into her. She was biting her lower lip now, as if she was suffering through it.... but I kept on..... hammering into her.
After another minute of hard thrusting, her head began thrashing back and forth while her mouth began pulling in and pushing out quick breaths. I knew this look – and I knew it meant she was really getting into the feeling of my cock thumping against her G-spot, and I knew it meant she would probably cum any minute from the feeling she was getting.
"Oh yeah." I whispered down to her. "Daddy likes your nice little pussy, Cindy. It feels so good and tight..... I think I'm going to have to cum inside you."
Again, her eyes locking onto mine, and staring right at me, she wrapped her arms around my neck and yanked me down right on top of her chest. Then, whispering in my ear, she said, "Yes, Daddy, yes. Please do it. Cum in me..."
"You want Daddy to cum in you?" I asked.
"Yes." She moaned.
"You want Daddy to squirt his sperm inside his daughter's pussy, do you?" I asked again.
"Daddy, stop teasing and just cum in me, would you?" This time she closed her eyes and I swear I felt her pussy tighten around my cock. I pushed myself back up on my arms and began fucking her as hard as I could. Looking down at her, I watched as her hand dropped down between us and start to stroke her clit.
It always turns me on to see her touch herself. But, watching her do it while we played our little Daddy-Daughter role play game pushed me to the limit. As I started to feel my orgasm begin – she exploded under me. Our eyes met and all I could say was "I'm cumming". I could tell by the look in her face that she was cumming, too.
Honestly, she and I rarely orgasm together. In fact, I can only think of twice before when we came at the same time. This time, though, it was powerful, uncontrollable and so forceful, I was literally holding on to her so I wouldn't fall over. The pressure that welled up inside me finally peaked, and then suddenly - I felt my cock throb and contract for a moment – and then I felt these huge, powerful shots of cum being forced out of my cock, and into her pussy. Holy fuck... it was unbelievable and the most awesome orgasm I'd ever had.
I went completely rigid as I emptied into her. When I felt the last spasm of my juice seeping in to her, I collapsed on top of her body trying to catch my breath. We lay like that for a long time, neither of us speaking, and both recovering from an orgasm stronger than either of us had experienced in a long time.
As I lay on top of her, I lifted my head and said "That was absolutely fucking amazing."
"Hmm," she said, "you really got into that, huh?"
"Oh yeah," I answered, "that was incredible... what a turn on to think about that."
"Think about what?" She asked, as she looked up at me with an innocent smile.
"To think about you fucking your father." I answered.
She didn't say anything, but instead, she just peered into my eyes with a little bit of a half smile on her face.
"Don't tell me you weren't turned on, too." I remarked, "You were getting off on it just as much as I was........ probably more."
"Hmm, maybe." She said, giggling up at me.
"Maybe my ass!" I retorted. "You're just like any other girl that has wondered what sex would be like with their fathers."
"Hmm, maybe." She said again, still giggling.
There was no way I was going to let this subject die out now. No way. No way in hell!
"Are you denying that you've thought about it?" I asked.
"No," she said, "it's just that..... well, I mean.... I think all girls think of their Daddies like that at some time or another, but no one ever really does it, you know."
"But you'd like to, wouldn't you, Cindy?" I asked. "I mean, if you had the chance, and if he wanted to, and if the time was right and all that. You'd open your legs for him in a heartbeat. I saw it in your eyes so don't try to kid me."
"You're talking about incest now, you know." The serious look in her eyes told me she was waiting for my answer.
"So, what's the big deal, anyway?" I said. "Just because it's some huge 'taboo' that society told us is bad? You're both over 21, both consenting adults, I'm sure it would be a very loving gift between you two. Besides...... if you really wanted to, I wouldn't mind. It's not like you're cheating on me with some guy you met in a bar."
She just looked at me.
During those few moments, I replayed what I just said to her in my mind and tried to put myself in her place hearing it. Did I really just tell her it would be okay for her to fuck her father? It wasn't just but another few seconds until I realized my cock was hard again, still inside her pussy.
I started to move slowly..... to feel myself inside her. As amazing as it was, I was hard again and not only that, I was really hard. I mean REALLY hard.
"You're still hard?" She asked, just as surprised as I was.
"Yeah," I answered, wiggling my hard-on side to side inside of her.
I'm not sure what caused me to do it, but, I slowly lifted myself off her, moved down between her legs, raised her knees and pushed them back against her chest. At that instant, the vision I saw was of her.... on her back with her legs spread... after just being fucked by her father.
My mind raced with the fantasy..... of her pussy laying open after having taken his cock deep inside her... of his cum, mixed with her pussy juice saturating her crotch..... and in slow motion, I lowered my head and put my face directly down on top of her vagina.
At first, I just enjoyed her smell, the smell of a well fucked pussy. As I started to kiss and lick her outer lips, I opened her up with my fingers and thrust my tongue deep into her. I could taste cum, and I knew it was my own, but in the fantasy I was living it was her father's cum. I went to the task of eating her and sucking up every last drop of juice and secretion that she had inside her luscious vagina.
I got so carried away.... I completely blocked her out and grabbed my cock and started to stroke it while I licked, sucked and tongue fucked her. After a few minutes, I felt her hands on the back of my head, guiding me to concentrate on her nub at the middle of her womanhood. Looking up at her, I could see she had her eyes closed and she was getting into what I was doing. Turning my attention back to her pussy, I concentrated on stroking my cock and nibbling on her clit.
Soon, I could see that she was going to cum again – she was panting and thrashing her head back and forth again... so I kept nibbling at her clit. I slipped two fingers from my left hand inside her to put some pressure on her G-spot while I jacked myself with my right hand. Almost as soon as I touched her, she went rigid and pushed my head away from her clit.
I sat back on my haunches and kept my fingers on her g-spot until her orgasm died down. I love looking at her pussy so I just remained like that – staring at her while I jacked myself. When I looked up at her, she was smiling and watching me stroke my cock.
"Let me suck you when you cum, okay?" She asked.
"Only if you kiss me afterwards," I said, "and don't swallow."
"Oh!" She said. "Who's being naughty now?"
I just smiled and looked down at her pussy as I masturbated. I kept thinking about what it might be like to watch her lay back and spread her legs for her father... to see him licking her pussy, to see her sucking his cock, and then watch as he gently slipped his fatherly cock gently into his sexy little girl. I was ready to shoot.
"Okay," I said, "I'm gonna cum soon!"
Together, we shifted places and I lay down just as she grabbed my shaft and sunk her mouth down on top of me. Instantly, I blew my wad into her mouth and watched as she steadily milked my cock, taking another full load of my cum from my now empty balls.
When she finished sucking me, she crawled up toward my head. The look on her face was sultry as hell, and I could see she was holding my ejaculated sperm in her mouth, ready to kiss me. This is something else she knows I really like, and she enjoys teasing me right up to the point where she kisses me with a mouthful of cum. She'll come close like she's going to press her lips to mine and then she'll move back. She'll do this a few times, each time getting closer and closer until our lips finally connect and she opens her mouth to share a cum filled kiss.
But this time, I was ready.... and as she came close the first time, I threw my arms around her neck and pulled her down, smashing her lips to mine and forcing her lips to open. This caused most of my sperm to gush out all over our mouths, and we spent the next two or three minutes kissing, licking and cleaning each other's face until there was nothing left. It was absolutely mind blowing.
She settled down next to me and we cuddled together, both completely content, sexually satisfied and spent.
"Jeez, you sure got worked up again pretty fast. What brought that on?" She asked.
"I don't know," I said, "I saw you laying there with your legs spread and cum in your pussy..... and I started thinking about you and your Dad, and the next thing I know, I was going down on you..."
"Would you really do that?" She inquired.
"You mean go down on you after your Dad fucked you?" I asked.
"Yeah," she said, "would you really do that? Would you really lick out Daddy's cum from my pussy?"
"Absolutely," I said, "no doubt about it. I've love to."
To be continued.