It all happened a few years ago. My wife, Kathy and I had just come back from a two-week trip to the Mediterranean. The following weekend we went to our local shopping centre to get our holiday photos developed. There was a new camera shop that had just opened which offered a one hour service. We handed the film over to a young assistant behind the counter then spent the next two hours doing some shopping.
When we came back to the shop I asked Kathy to pick up our prints while I looked at the new cameras on display. I had been thinking of buying a new one for quite a while, so I thought I would check out what was on offer. The shop was fairly large with a number of aisles stocked with a variety of equipment. As I scanned the shelves I could hear my wife having a heated discussion with the man behind the counter.
When I peered around the aisle to see what was going on I saw that she was talking to a stout, middle-aged man, who appeared to be the manager. The kid who had taken our film must have been on his break. I figured that our film must have been lost or damaged and was about to go over and help my wife complain when I heard what was being said and realised it had nothing to do with the film.
"Oh come on darling," the manager said in a familiar voice. "I know it's you. I'd recognise those tits anywhere. As soon as I saw the prints I knew it was you. I guess it was ten years ago, but you haven't changed that much. You're still a sexy little thing. Slim with big tits. Always goes down well. We never got a better model after you left."
"Look," my wife said in a fierce whisper. "You've got me mixed up with someone else. My name isn't Sadie."
"Whatever. I didn't think that was your real name at the time anyway. Listen. I just moved the business up here a couple of months ago and I just started a new camera club the other week. I'll pay you well. I know you've got what it takes, and you don't mind doing a few extras when called for."
"How many times have I got to tell you? I don't know you. I've never done any modelling or anything like that and I've never even been to Brighton. Just give me my prints and let me go."
"Hey, hey," the man said. "Take it easy. Here you are. If you change your mind though, let me know. Come back anytime."
Kathy turned on her heels and walked out of the shop, not even waiting for me. I quickly made my way out and caught up with her. I grabbed her by the arm and she flinched suddenly, looking quite fearful until she turned and saw it was me. It was almost as if she had forgotten all about me.
"What was all that about?" I asked. "Why'd you run off like that?"
"Oh, Mike. Well, it was nothing really. That man back there. He thought I was someone else. Kept hassling me. I don't think we should go back there again. It was probably because of the topless photos of me on the beach. He's probably some kind of pervert."
"Maybe I should go back in there and sort him out."
"No!" Kathy shouted. "I mean, it's not worth it. Let's just forget about it."
"But what was all that stuff about modelling? And why'd you lie about never being in Brighton before? You grew up there."
"Look. He just thought I was some woman he used to know who worked as a model in Brighton. That's all. If I admitted that I used to live there he'd think he was right all along."
"So it definitely wasn't you then?"
"No, of course not," she said then refused to talk about it any more.
When we got home she poured herself a brandy and sat down on the couch. I sat beside her and put my arms around her. She soon relaxed and sighed, saying she had made too much of what had happened, that it was just some sleazy guy and she should have just ignored him.
I took out the holiday prints and looked through them. There were half a dozen I had taken of Kathy on the sand and in the sea. She was topless in all of them, her large, firm tits on display as she smiled at the camera. Looking at them now made my cock stir a little. Kathy was twenty-eight years old, with a very trim body, long black hair and deep brown eyes. We had been married for five years and I never got over how stunning she looked.
"Well," I said. "I can see how he'd mistake you for a model. You're so gorgeous."
"Thanks," she said. "But I think he was more interested in my body than my face."
"Yeah. Probably just a dirty old man. He wanted you to model naked for him, right?"
"Yeah. He said something about a camera club he was starting up."
"Do you think it was genuine?"
"I don't know. Probably not."
"I reckon you're right," I said. "The guy probably saw these photos and thought he'd try it on. Bit of an elaborate come-on though, wasn't it?"
"Yes, I guess so. Sort of thing he'd do anyway."
"How do you know?" I asked.
"What?"
"How do you know what sort of thing he'd do?"
"I meant he looked like the sort that would try something like that. Do we have to keep going on about this?" she said, flustered all of a sudden.
I hadn't felt overly suspicious before, but now I knew that something must be up. Maybe she had been lying. Maybe she really had done some modelling for him before. She had certainly lived in Brighton, and the guy seemed certain it was her. I decided to try to find out.
"I'm just going over to Gary's house," I said. "Borrow some tools."
"Okay," she said, giving me a strange look. "I'm going to sit here and have another drink."
I walked out to the car and drove as fast as I could to the shopping centre. The camera shop was just about to close when I got there. The young assistant had just walked out of the door and the manager was locking up.
"Sorry, we're closed," he said when he saw me. "Come back tomorrow, okay?"
"Wait a minute. I don't want to buy anything. I...It's about your camera club."
"Yeah? Where'd you hear about that?"
"Oh, a friend of a friend."
He looked me over quickly then asked me to come in and shut the door behind us.
"So, you want to join up then?" he asked.
"Yes," I said. "Well, I want to ask a few questions about it first. What goes on exactly?"
"You mean, do you get to do any more than just take photos? Is that it?"
"Yeah. Exactly."
"Depends on the model. Some girls go further than others, you know. Sometimes you can pay for extras."
"Extras?"
"Yeah. Today I was talking with one of the models who used to work for us a while back. Hopefully I'll get her to do some more. Now she used to do extras."
"Like what?" I asked, wondering if he meant Kathy.
"Well, she'd let the guys strip her clothes off for her, let them feel her up a little, her tits and ass, you know. Sometimes she'd let us jerk off all over her too."
"Really?" I asked, unable to believe he could mean my wife.
"Sure," he said, thinking I was being cynical about the whole thing. "Come over here. Let me show you something."
He led me into a back room and pulled out a photo album. I almost stopped breathing when I saw what it contained. There was page after page of my wife, aged about 18, in various stages of undress. Her hair was different and she did look very young, but it was most definitely her. So she had been lying about it after all. As I leafed through the album, every new pose was raunchier, more suggestive. She loved the camera and it loved her.
The last set of photos almost made me drop the album on the floor. Kathy was stark naked, kneeling on the floor while a small group of men stood around her, their cocks pointing at her face. There were cum stains in her hair, on her face, on her tits. She was covered in it. In all of the photos she was smiling at the camera, obviously enjoying herself. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.
"And she's going to model for you?" I asked, as soon as I had regained the power of speech.
"I hope so. She's a few years older now, but she's still got that slutty quality. You can tell. She was only a kid then. She'll probably do even more now. Anyway, even if she doesn't come back we've got loads of models lined up. You won't be disappointed. These days most members bring their video cameras. If you haven't got one we can rent you one on an hourly basis, or just a normal camera, it's up to you. So are you interested?"
"Yeah. Definitely."
"Okay. It's £100 a session. Sessions last anywhere between one and two hours. If the girl's up for more you'll have to pay her extra directly. The next session is on Friday evening. Here's the address," he said, handing me a small printed card.
I thanked him and walked out, heading for the nearest bar. I ordered a beer and sat alone, wanting to figure things out in my head. So she had really done it. I suppose I wouldn't have been too surprised to hear that she'd done some modelling. I remember her sister mentioning a couple of times that she had wanted to go into it. But this, this wasn't modelling at all. She had sat down naked in front of a camera, while a bunch of men jerked off all over her. The thought instantly struck me that maybe she had gone even further than that. Perhaps she had made a porn film or something. My cock was bursting inside my jeans as I thought about the possibilities.
I quickly made my way to the car, having decided to confront her. I wanted to know all about her past, everything that she had done. I parked in the driveway and rushed up to the door. Kathy was still sitting on the couch. She sighed when she saw the look on my face.
"You know, don't you?" she said. "You went back and talked to him. I knew you would. What did he tell you about me?"
She seemed surprisingly calm about it all, but then I suppose she had had the last hour to ready herself if she guessed where I had gone. Her voice was a little slurred and I realised that she had had a few more brandies since I left. She must have been trying to summon up the courage to face me knowing about her past.
"What's his name?" I asked.
"Barry, I think it was. I can't remember too clearly. It was more than ten years ago, Mike. Before we were married. I only did it for the money. I thought it would help me become a model."
"What? By letting all those men jerk off all over you?"
"Is that what he told you?"
"I saw the photos."
"Oh, I see. So what, you think I was some kind of whore, is that it? I was only a kid. I didn't know what I was doing."
"You looked like you knew exactly what you were doing," I said. "The way you were smiling at the camera. I could see it in your eyes. It turned you on."
"Yes it did," she said defiantly. "It did turn me on. I didn't do it for the money, or for my career. I loved it. It was the most exciting thing I'd ever done. I loved it when their grubby hands would paw over my tits and my ass, feeling me up while they helped pull my clothes off. I loved watching them jerk off while they looked at me. I would go home afterwards and play with myself for hours, thinking about what I'd just done. It's true. I loved it."
I sat down on the couch next to her, barely comprehending what she had just said. I knew she had a healthy sexual appetite and I knew she was no virgin when we met, but to think that she did something like that was just unbelievable.
"How did you get into it?" I asked. "Was it that guy, Barry?"
"No. The first time was with someone else. Jason. He was the uncle of a friend of mine. I was just a teenager at the time, and a virgin. God, it seems like years ago now. He lived at my friend's parents' house and whenever I went there he was always hanging around, leering at me. He was a lot older than me, probably only about thirty, but he seemed really old at the time. The thing was, I didn't mind the way he looked at me. I liked it. It made me feel really good, really sexy, you know? I started wearing really skimpy tops and very short skirts whenever I went round there, just to see what his reaction would be.
"One time I was alone with him in the sitting room and I leaned over to pick something up from the floor. I looked back over my shoulder and caught him rubbing his cock through his jeans while he stared at my ass. God, it turned me on so much. I was instantly wet. He started scratching his thigh, pretending that he hadn't been playing with himself, but I knew better.
"Anyway, this sort of thing went on for a while. I would give him teasing glimpses of my ass or my cleavage, and I could see what a powerful effect it had on him, but I always pretended not to notice. That made it even more pleasurable for me, somehow. One day I went round there and he was the only one in. My friend was out but he asked me to come in and wait for her. He started telling me about his work as a professional photographer, and then he asked me to pose for some photos.
"I wasn't that surprised when he said I should be a model. A few people had already told me I should go for it. I told him that I wasn't interested. I knew a few girls at school who did modelling work, clothes, cosmetics, stuff like that, and they were all typical airheads. Then he said that he thought I'd be more suited to glamour work, that I had a really sexy body, the kind that men like to look at.
"So anyway, eventually he persuaded me to come along to his studio. First of all it was just underwear shots, then topless and then nude. I wasn't completely naïve. I knew he wasn't doing this to help me become a model. I could see he was turned on when he saw me naked. He had a massive bulge at his crotch. I used to lie there with my legs wide apart, just waiting for him to put down his camera and come over towards me. I wanted him, Mike. I wanted him to fuck me. But he never did. He said I was too young, that he would get into trouble if anyone found out. He just wanted to photograph me. The results were very good, kind of arty, not really pornographic or anything. He used to pay me well and kept asking me to come back. I enjoyed it, seeing how aroused he was looking at me, so I carried on with it, about once a week.
"One time I was coming out of his studio and I bumped into Barry. They did some kind of work together. He must have guessed that I'd been modelling for Jason. He gave me his card and told me that he could pay me a lot more than Jason did. I didn't like him. He was really sleazy. The next week I asked Jason about Barry and he told me to avoid him. He said that he organised these camera club sessions where a load of sleazy guys would ogle some young girl and barely even pretend to photograph her. That it was more like a private strip show.
"For the next few days after he told me this I kept thinking about it. I liked Jason, but the idea of stripping off in front of several guys at once really turned me on. I still had Barry's card, and one day I called his number. I told him my name was Sadie and that I was 18 years old and wanted to do some modelling. He didn't seem to care about any details, just told me to come to a certain address that Friday evening.
"When I got there, Barry showed me into the studio room and I saw there were about five guys waiting. They all had cameras with them. I was really nervous but they all cheered when they saw me and I started feeling a bit better about it. I was wearing a short summer dress. They took a couple of photos of me in it, telling me to bend over to show my panties, that kind of thing. Then they made me take off my dress and then my bra and then my panties. When I was completely naked they kept coming up to me, one by one, telling me how to pose. They kept touching me, trying to move me into a certain position, but after a while they were just groping me, not even pretending it was for the camera. One of them started squeezing my tits and I just let him. After that they all did it. Oh, Mike, it was such a turn-on."
As she had been telling me this story I had my hand on her leg. Now I ran it higher up her thigh and between her legs, all the way up her skirt until I felt her panties. She was soaking wet.
"It still turns you on, thinking about it now. Doesn't it?"
She nodded at me, her mouth open, her chest heaving. I leaned over and kissed her passionately as we groped each other feverishly. We tore at each other's clothes until we were both naked. I pushed her back down on the couch and raised her legs high in the air. Then I lined up my erect cock with her pussy and plunged it deep inside.
"Oh Mike. Oh yes."
"Tell me more," I insisted. "What else did they do?"
"They were touching me, all of them. Their hands were all over me. Oh God. My pussy was so wet."
"Like this?" I said, my hands groping her lovely big tits, squeezing them as I thrust my hips against her.
"Yeah, baby, like that. Then one of them took out his cock. It was the biggest I'd ever seen. So thick and hard. He pointed it at me and began jerking off. I just watched him do it. Then the others, they did the same. All these big cocks in front of me...it was so dirty..."
"Yeah, you were a dirty little slut," I whispered as I began speeding up, pounding harder and faster inside her.
"I know...I know...I let them cum all over me, all over my face, my tits, everywhere...I'm so dirty..."
"Yeah, you're so dirty."
"All their big hard dicks...all that cum...all over me."
"You wanted them to fuck you, didn't you?"
"Yes, yes. I wanted it. I wanted their cocks inside me."
"You let them, didn't you?"
"No. I wanted it but I didn't...I couldn't..."
"Yes, you did," I said, wanting it to be true, wanting her to tell me all about it.
"Yes...yes I did," she said, knowing I was about to cum. "They all took turns. One after the other. They fucked me...all of them...they fucked me so hard and I loved it."
"You want to do it again, don't you?"
"Yes, yes. I'll let them all do it to me. I'll fuck them all."
"Oh you lovely little slut,"
"Ooooh yes. I am. They're all going to fuck me...yeah."
I leaned down to suck her tits as I pummelled into her, cumming deep inside her as I pictured her surrounded by all that cock, letting them take turns fucking her, treating her like a whore.
"Oh yes, yes, yes," she moaned as we came together.
I kissed her deeply then lay on top of her, breathing heavily. We smiled at each other, arousal still in our eyes.
"Did you really do it?" I asked. "Did they really fuck you?"
"No. I never let them do any more than jerk off over me. Sometimes I helped them. I used my hand, but that was all."
I could just see it, her hands held out to grab hold of their shafts as they spurted their juice all over her. It turned me on so much. I would love to have seen that.
"Did you ever do it anywhere else?" I asked.
"No, I did it at Barry's place for a few weeks and then I stopped it altogether."
"Why?"
"I was worried in case my parents found out."
I badly wanted to ask Kathy if she would consider doing it again, but I was worried about how she would react.
"What is it?" she asked, sensing that something was on my mind. "Go on. Say it."
"I want to see it. I want to see you strip off in front of a load of men."
"Yeah?"
"Will you?"
"Yeah, I will, if that's what you want," she said, although I could tell she wanted it even more than I did.
"Will they cum all over you again?"
"They will if I let them," she said.
"And will you let them?"
She looked at me and grinned.
"I don't see why not," she said.
The next day we called the camera shop where the guy arranging the club worked. Kathy took the phone and placed it so that both of us could listen in.
"Barry?" she said when he answered.
"Yeah? Who's that?"
"It's the girl who used to model for you, back in Brighton. I want to take you up on your offer."
"Great," he said. "I thought you might."
"Oh? Why?"
"I remember you. How much you enjoyed your work. So, what name are you going under these days? Is it still Sadie?"
"No," she said. "Call me Kathy."
"Okay, Kathy. You been keeping up the modelling work over the years?"
"No," she said.
"Never mind. I know all the guys are going to love you. You on for this Friday? Three hundred notes for a couple of hours work."
"Sure," my wife said, glancing at me with excitement in her eyes.
"We're holding it at my place. 12a Railton Avenue. Maybe you'd like to come over during the week. Get some practice in before the big day."
"You don't change, do you Barry?" my wife said with a laugh.
"Not where you're concerned, baby. Okay. Friday then. Eight o'clock. All right?
"Okay, Barry. I'll see you there."
Kathy put down the phone and kissed me passionately. We were both so turned on by thinking about what she was going to do that we ripped each other's clothes off and made love again. It was the same story over the next few days. Whenever we talked about it we couldn't keep our hands off each other. It was the best aphrodisiac I had ever known.
On the Friday I drove us both to the address that Barry had given us. I kept glancing at my wife in the passenger seat. Her long black hair hung down over her low cut dress. She wore black eyeliner and bright red lipstick. She was painted like a whore and looked sensational. She had a carrier bag at her feet where she had a variety of uniforms and lingerie to wear. We both knew that the men would only be interested in seeing her naked body, but she had brought them along anyway.
I parked around the corner from Barry's apartment and opened the car door.
"Okay," I said. "So you wait here for a few minutes. I'll go in and check that everything's all right."
Kathy nodded at me and smiled, giving my ass a playful pinch as I got out of the car. I walked up to the front door and rang the bell. Barry answered it a few moments later.
"Yeah?" he said.
"Uhm. I came into your shop last week. About the camera club."
"Right. Right. Didn't recognise you. Come in," he said, opening the door wider and stepping aside to let me in. "That'll be one hundred pounds. You got a camera with you, or you want to hire one for the night?"
"I've got one with me," I said, showing him my camcorder and handing over the cash.
"Okay. Fine. Come through. Everyone's arrived. We're just waiting for the girl. She should be here soon. I promise you, you won't be disappointed."
"I hope so," I said, nervous but excited.
The front door opened onto a spacious reception room which was done out like a studio, with a lot of bright lights overhead. There was a very large bed at one end of the room, tripods and cameras fitted around it. That must be where Kathy was supposed to model. There were five men surrounding the bed, all fiddling with their cameras and trying not to look too closely at each other.
There were two young guys there, in their late teens or early twenties and they seemed quite nervous but the others looked to be old hands, waiting calmly for the girl, my girl, to arrive. They were aged between thirty and fifty, kind of sleazy looking. I looked from one to the other of them, scarcely able to believe that in a few minutes they would be gawping at my wife's naked body, taking photos and filming her as she undressed.
When the doorbell rang everyone looked at the door in anticipation. Barry walked over and let my wife in. She sashayed through the door, smiling brightly at everyone. She wasn't nervous at all. She looked like a pro, like she'd been doing it all her life. Barry handed her some money and she placed it in her bag. Then he turned to us and introduced my wife to the group.
"This is Kathy. One of our best models," he said. "I know you're going to love her."
"Hi guys," she said with a smile, her hands on her hips. "You like what you see so far?"
There was a massive chorus of approval and Kathy laughed happily.
"Good," she said. "Now. I've got a few special uniforms in my bag. Slutty nurse, French maid, schoolgirl. Does anyone have any requests?"
"Yeah," one of the older guys piped up. "I'd like to see you dressed as a schoolgirl. A naughty little schoolgirl."
"Oooh. A naughty one, huh? I think I can arrange that. Where shall I get changed?" she asked, turning to Barry.
"Over here," he said, leading her to a small bedroom by the side.
He opened the door for her and let her in, then followed and closed the door behind him. The group of us looked at each other as we heard the sound of Kathy giggling inside. Why was he in there with her? A couple of minutes later Barry opened the door and my wife walked through, now dressed in a tiny little grey pleated skirt, knee length socks and white low cut blouse. Barry had obviously watched her change into her outfit. He must have seen her naked or at least nearly so. Had he touched her too? Was that why she was giggling? She had told me that he was very lecherous when she knew him all those years ago. That he couldn't keep his hands off her and that she had to often fight him off to stop him going even further. I felt my dick grow hard at the thought that he might have felt her up while she changed into her sexy uniform.
All the guys whistled when they saw her come through the door. She winked at them and swayed her hips as she walked over to the bed and kneeled down on it to face us. The ones with cameras began taking photos, while the rest filmed her with their camcorders as she writhed around on the bed, posing for us. She lay on her back and lifted up her skirt, revealing a pair of white panties.
"Mmmm, what do you think?" she asked, looking up at us all as she ran her hand between her legs. "Am I a very bad girl to be doing this? Am I naughty?"
"Yeah," one guy said. "You're a dirty girl all right."
"Oooh. Do you think so? Is it dirty to do this in front of you all?"
"Yeah, but you love it, don't you?"
"Mmm, yeah. I do. It makes me feel so naughty. It makes me feel hot. Would you mind if I took off my blouse. I feel so hot."
Everyone nodded and Kathy grinned mischievously as she began to slowly unbutton her blouse. When she had taken it off she threw it on the floor and ran her fingers over her bra. It was white and almost transparent. Her hard nipples poked through the soft material as she rubbed them with her thumbs.
"I don't like this bra," she said. "It's too tight. Can someone help me take it off?"
The man nearest her rushed forward as she turned her back. He fiddled with her bra strap, his fingers touching her bare skin as he unfastened it and pulled it away. Kathy covered her large, firm breasts in her hands as she turned back to face us all.
"Do you want to see my tits?" she asked coyly. "All the boys say they're really nice and juicy. Would you like to see them?"
Everyone nodded eagerly and she took her hands away and thrust her chest forward. As she saw the men's reaction I could see the look of excitement in her eyes. She really loved this, teasing the men, turning them on. After a while she turned her back again, bent over and lifted her skirt up around her hips. Then she ran her hand up and down between the cheeks of her ass, moaning softly as she did so. I noticed that all of the men had prominent bulges at their crotch and so did I. Kathy looked over her shoulder and winked at me. I winked back, anticipation making my throat dry.
"Do you like my panties? They're nice aren't they? They feel a little bit wet though. I think I should take them off. Is that okay?"
"Yeah," one of the guys said. "But just pull them down to your knees. Like you're dying to be fucked and don't have time to take them off completely.
"Oooh. That's really naughty. You must think I'm a very dirty girl," she said then giggled. "You're right though. I am."
She placed her hands at the side of her panties and gently, slowly, eased them down until they reached the tops of her knee length socks. We all stared at the creamy white skin of her firm little ass and I knew that everyone in the room wanted the same thing. To feel it, touch it, kiss it and bite it. Kathy put her hand between her legs again, giving us brief glimpses of her pussy as her fingers ran back and forth. She was touching her clit, getting herself even more aroused. I was a little worried that she was getting out of control.
She turned around and lay on her back, spreading her legs apart. She began to swivel her hips as she played with herself in front of us. One hand was between her legs and one hand caressing her breasts. It was almost like she was alone and didn't know we were there, but for the fact that she kept looking at all the men, gauging their reaction, wanting to be as slutty as possible for them.
One of the guys stepped forward with his camera, trying to get a close up. As he stepped nearer he reached out his hand and squeezed Kathy's lovely big tits. She opened her mouth wide, but said nothing, did nothing to stop him. After that we each took turns filming ourselves playing with her tits as she rubbed her pussy. After we had all had a turn she pulled her hand away and lifted her legs high in the air.
"Can someone help me take off these socks?"
The two men directly in front of her stepped up, each taking hold of one of her legs. They both took their time, caressing her inner thighs as they slowly pulled her socks off until she was completely naked but for the tiny little skirt up around her hips and the panties bunched up around her knees. She kept her legs up high and spread her pussy lips apart.
"It's very pink, isn't it?" she said in a soft breathy voice. "very pink and very wet. I bet you'd like to touch it."
"Can we?" asked one of the younger guys hungrily. "Can we touch it?"
"Uhm, well, I don't know," she said, looking at me for approval. "I don't know if that's allowed really."
"You up for some extras then, Kathy?" Barry asked. "I'm sure the guys will pay."
"Oh, it's not the money," she said, looking at me again. "I'm just not sure if I should."
She was waiting for my consent. Letting all those men grope her tits was one thing, but letting them touch her pussy, that was something else. Kathy looked at me in eager anticipation and I knew she wanted it, wanted their hands touching her there. Before I could change my mind I gave her a quick nod and she beamed with pleasure.
"Okay," she said. "But let me see your fingers first."
The man nearest to her stepped forward, holding out his hand. Kathy took it in her own and looked at it. Then she guided it between her legs, rubbing it between her pussy lips. When she had taken it away we could see his palm was glistening with her juices. I was third in line and when she took my hand she looked lovingly up at me then pressed my fingers deep inside her pussy, gasping as she felt them penetrate her. When she released me she held up my hand.
"Oooh, look," she said. "Look how wet he's got me."
My fingers were sopping wet. She pulled my hand close to her face and began to lick my fingers, one by one. When the next man stepped forward she did the same to him, allowing his fingers to penetrate her then lick off her juices from his finger. She did the same to the others and I saw that all of the men gathered round were rubbing their crotches as they watched my wife playing the slut.
As she licked the fingers of the last man in line he groaned and said, "I bet you love sucking cock, don't you?"
Her eyes looked up at him and she began thrusting his finger in and out of her mouth, like she was sucking on his dick. When she released him and he stepped back, she lay back down on the bed and started playing with her clit again. Suddenly Barry unzipped himself and pulled out his thick, hard cock. He began stroking it as he looked at Kathy and it wasn't long before the others did the same. They hadn't even asked her if they could do it, but she didn't seem to mind. She loved it in fact.
"Oh God," she moaned. "You're going to cum on me, aren't you? You're going to squirt all that sticky stuff over my body."
Her body was writhing on the bed as she looked hungrily at all their cocks, licking her lips as she played with herself, encouraging them to jerk off over her naked body. Kathy and I hadn't agreed that things would go this far, but I knew there was no way of stopping her now. She was out of control. She wanted them to do it. I could see that she was nearing orgasm herself. Suddenly she seemed to notice that I was the only one that wasn't jerking off.
"Hey," she said, moving along the bed until she was right up to where I stood watching. "Aren't you going to do it to? Don't you want to jerk off while you watch me being naughty?"
Her eyes were goading me, encouraging me to join in. I didn't know what to say. All of a sudden she took hold of my zip and pulled it down, then reached inside and pulled out my cock. It sprang out fully erect, only inches from her face. Without warning she took it in her mouth and ran her tongue up and down my shaft.
"That's it, you little slut," Barry said as he jerked off. "Suck his cock. I told you guys she was like this. What a lovely slut. Fucking sexy little bitch."
Some of the other guys began calling her names too, dirty cock sucking tart; sexy fucking whore; filthy little slut.
Kathy moaned at the back of her throat as she listened to them verbally abuse her. She loved being talked dirty to like that, hearing what they thought of her. I loved it too. That and the sensation of Kathy's warm wet mouth on my cock meant that I couldn't hold myself back. Kathy's eyes grew wide as she felt the head of my cock expand as I spurted cum down her throat. She took hold of my cock by the shaft and began milking it as all the men shouted encouragement at her. When she had taken all I had to give she backed away from me, her mouth closed, her cheeks full.
She made sure everyone could see her face, then she opened her mouth and let my cum dribble down her lips, over her chin and onto her tits. When she had let go of it all she licked her lips and grinned at everyone. I pulled my cock back in my jeans and zipped myself up. I hadn't expected my wife to go this far but I can't say I didn't enjoy it. Now I wanted to leave but I knew that Kathy wanted to wait. I was sure that she wanted them all to cum over her as they jerked off, and there was no way I could stop her.
Kathy got down on all fours and moved around the bed, getting close up to their cocks and flicking out her tongue, encouraging them all. Suddenly, one of the older guys pushed his big, hard cock into Kathy's face, brushing it against her lips. She had sucked my cock, and now he wanted her to suck his too. Kathy glanced at me. I shook my head. This was too much. She ignored me. Her tongue flickered out from her mouth and she licked around the thick head of his cock and then took it all the way in between her lips.
The other guys must have taken this as a sign that she was up for anything. The two men nearest her began squeezing her tits hard while they jerked off just inches away from her face. My heart beat rapidly as I watched my wife sucking a stranger's cock. We hadn't agreed to this at all. I climbed onto the bed and moved across, aiming to pull her away from the man's cock. As soon as I got on the bed, some of the others did too. They reached her before me, their hands reaching to grope her as they stroked their cocks.
Barry moved around behind my wife as she knelt on all fours sucking the man's cock. Without warning he suddenly plunged his erection between her legs, jamming it deep inside her pussy in one thrust. Kathy's mouth opened wide, releasing the cock from between her lips.
"Yeah...do it...fuck me...I want you all to fuck me..."
The man in front of her grabbed her by the back of the head and drew her lips back to his cock, forcing it in her mouth as Barry rammed into her from behind. Moments later the man in front of her came, his hand forcing Kathy's head close, making her swallow every drop until he had finished and let her go. One of the younger guys came next, shooting his juice over her face and her hair as she screamed and moaned from the hard fucking she was getting from behind.
"Oooh, yeah...it's so naughty...so dirty...you're all going to cum in me, aren't you?"
Now it was a free for all. As soon as Barry had shot his load one of the others took his place, shoving his cock deep in her pussy, filling her up with his thick erection. I felt my own cock harden again as I watched my wife act like a filthy whore. One after the other, they took turns fucking her as she ground her hips against them, showing how much she loved it. Her body trembled and shook as she came several times, mouthing obscenities, calling herself a slut, begging for their cocks. As soon as the last of them had shot his load I came over and turned her on her back.
I bent over her and kissed her. Then I pulled her legs high in the air and forced my cock into her sopping, wet pussy. She stared at me, her eyes burning with lust, as I fucked her hard and fast, ramming it to her with a vengeance.
"Are you coming back here next week?" I asked her.
"Yes...yes...every week...they'll all fuck me...every one of them...I love their cocks inside me...cumming inside me..."
I looked at her face and hair, splattered with another man's cum and I exploded deep in her pussy, triggering her final orgasm as she bucked wildly against me. When we had finished Kathy put her clothes back on and I zipped myself up and got off the bed.
"Thanks Kathy," Barry said. "You're even better than when you were a kid. I knew you loved it. So, you're coming back next week then?"
"Yes. I can't wait," she replied.
"Good. I've got another five or six people coming next week too. Think you can take them all on?"
"I'll certainly try," she said, grinning at me as she took her bag and walked out the door to wait for me in the car.