It felt like my recent adventure at the library was occupying my every thought. I hadn't been able to share it with my aunt as she was away on business. The whole exciting episode and the prospect of meeting my handsome stranger played on my mind, so much so it seemed like I was in a permanent state of sexual arousal.
At college, I had not only been wearing shorter skirts but also going without panties. However, I hadn't yet the confidence to 'accidentally' flash. Even so, knowing the slightest breeze or bending over carelessly might expose me was exciting enough. Every day I couldn't wait to get home to take care of my 'itch', but as much as I enjoyed masturbating, it wasn't the same alone. I craved to be seen.
It came to mind that I hadn't seen my neighbour around for a while. I knew the family had been away but noticed his bedroom light the previous evening.
That night I had made sure to walk around the house naked, imagining him spying on me as I masturbated, facing the window, legs open. Hoping he was watching from his bedroom, stroking his cock as I pleasured myself. The imagery in my head brought a satisfying orgasm but still left me wanting more.
Perhaps expectations of what might happen next time I met my 'stranger' drove my desires. But as I showered, I wickedly had the idea to invite the neighbour around to watch me masturbate. Not partially clothed like before, but lying back naked, thighs wide, open to him, allowing him to see all of me.
And so, heart racing, I decided to drop a note.
Hi, wondering if you'd like to come over and watch in person instead of from your bedroom. I will be on the back patio tomorrow evening after eight if you are up for some mutual masturbation. I know posting an invite is something different to our usual unplanned fun. Still, same rules, as usual, no touching, say nothing, watch, but I'd very much like to be covered in cum if you want to. x
Knowing he'd be home, I popped the note in an envelope, addressed it from 'your friend xx' and dropped it through his letterbox, knocking then making a quick exit so that he'd come to the door and see the note rather than it found by his parents, (what fun that would have been)
The next day I showered then checked myself in the mirror. I was admiring my perky breasts, flat toned stomach, strong runner's legs leading to a sparse, neatly trimmed triangle of hair.
Resisting the urge to touch myself, I put on some of the lacy underwear, bought on the shopping trip with my aunt, then grabbed a beach towel to spread on the lounger.
Turning the radio on low, I lit candles, illuminating the patio with a warm, soft glow. Then sat back on the lounger and enjoyed the twilight breeze playing across my body.
In a flash of inspiration, I ran to the bedroom to borrow the travel mask my aunt used to sleep on planes, figuring it would be exciting to be blindfolded. I could even imagine it to be my 'stranger' watching. I was right; the tension was exciting, making my heart pound. I found myself jumping at every sound as the mask increased the sense of 'danger' in being outside and anticipation of his arrival.
Eventually, I heard the back gate, then a slight creak of the patio steps as my neighbour approached. I could feel my stomach flip as I listened to his soft intake of breath.
There was a brief moment of panic. What made me do this kind of thing? I didn't talk to the girls at college much, but I was pretty sure they never did something like this.
But then there was my aunt, a strong, successful woman who took what pleasure she wanted from the men around her and the doubts passed.
Still, nerves made my voice waver a little as I said.
'Just stop at the end of the lounger for now.'
There was a soft 'ok' from him, and I took a breath, paused, thought here goes, then sat forward, unclasping my bra, letting it fall to the ground.
There was a soft hiss of breath as I exposed my breasts, my nipples instantly hard in the evening air. I ran a thumb across them, causing a warm tingle between my legs.
Before nerves could get the better of me, I hooked my thumbs in the sides of my panties. Butterflies in my stomach, not giving myself a moment to hesitate, I slowly pulled them down. Raising my legs to pull them over my feet, knowing I'd be exposed 'down there' as I did so.
As I dropped them on the ground next to my bra, there was no doubt he was watching because I heard the sound of a zipper as my underwear fell to the ground.
I could feel my heartbeat go up.
Nervous but excited, I opened my legs wide so that the balls of my feet rested on the ground, either side of the lounger.
My hand involuntarily went to my mound as I opened my legs. For a moment, I left my hand covering my sex. The only guy to have seen me this intimately, this close, was the stranger as he pleasured me with his tongue and fingers in the library. A sexual current shuddered through my body as I knew I'd go further and let him fuck me if we met again.
At the thought, I rubbed my pussy lips lightly, dragging my fingers back and forth through the folds. It was almost too exciting being so open with every intimate part exposed to my neighbour's gaze, naked for his enjoyment. My other hand drifted to my breasts, where I pulled and twisted my nipples, making a muscle twitch in my inner thigh.
Peeking down the mask, I could make out his bare thighs, where he had dropped his jeans. For a moment, I thought about removing it, but strangely it gave me the same sense of excitement I got from being seen through the window by my neighbour.
Well, except this way, I'd experience the feeling of his cum splashing on me. I'd enjoyed the last time we'd masturbated together when he'd cum on my breasts and was looking forward to feeling his cum again. Only this time, I wanted to feel it between my thighs, covering my pussy.
The urge made me feel wanton and slutty. I pushed my middle finger into myself without hesitation, moving my other hand from my breasts to my clit. Rolling it with the tips of my fingers in desperate need.
It was so sensitive I soon felt the beginnings of an orgasm. Using my index and middle finger, I pounded my pussy. Building up momentum from a slow but deep rhythm to shallower quick movements until I was rubbing the whole of my pussy with my fingers. Now and again, dipping the index and middle finger inside myself as my hips and ass moved in tandem.
Getting closer, I concentrated on my clit, rubbing it vigorously as an intense orgasm made my hips buck. My whole body shook, my legs clamping tight on my hand juices flooded over my fingers and dampened my thighs.
I came so hard that it took me a few seconds to realise that my neighbour was grunting that he was 'going to do it.'
Still panting from my orgasm, I spread my legs and told him.
'Do it here,' indicating where I meant by rubbing a finger between my folds.
I heard him gasp, and his legs bump the side of the lounger, with the first warm drops of spunk hitting my thigh, my lower belly and eventually my pussy.
I rubbed the warm stickiness across my clit, using small circular movements. More mess landed on my fingers and added to the slickness as I brought myself to another orgasm, working spunk over my pussy. Pleasant, intense feelings overtook me once again, leaving me gasping and disorientated for a moment. So much so that at first, I didn't register cum was also splashing on my belly and breasts.
On our previous encounter, I'd been shocked by the sheer amount of cum the neighbour had produced.
And in my post-orgasmic state, it took me a moment to realise no one produced the amount I was covered in.
Pulling up the eye mask, I noticed not one pair of bare legs at the side of the lounger but two as a last few drops of spunk hit my breasts.
Sitting up, pulling the towel around me, I saw a startled but puzzled look on not only my neighbour's face but on that of someone around the same age, someone I didn't know.
'What the fuck?' was all I could get out, as they looked at one another, confused.
'What the hell are you doing bringing a stranger here, you pervert?'
My neighbour started to panic; both of them were hastily pulling up their boxers.
'Your note said to come over instead of watching from the house...I thought'
It took me a moment to realise what he meant.
'You thought I'd invited you and this person, why..?' I started, then it occurred to me both of them had been watching the past few days performances.
'You brought a friend round to your house to watch?' I shouted angrily
'No, it was an accident.' He stumbled. 'It's my cousin, he's staying, sharing my room, and I never thought about...well you know...our thing, until it was too late.'
The cousin picked up, 'he was in the shower, and I was looking out of the back window, and I saw you. When he came back, I told him what I'd seen, and he said I had to keep it secret.'
'So you've both been watching the whole week?'
They both looked sheepish, and my neighbour muttered. 'pretty much.'
Then added, 'sorry.'
It took me a moment to process things and get over the shock. Still, then it occurred to me, isn't this the kind of thing I'd been wanting, especially since fantasising about flashing the group of men in the park?
'When we got the note, we thought you'd seen both of us, then when you were just waiting like the note said...' he shrugged.
'Ok, this is how it's going to go', I said
'It's a misunderstanding, but as you've both had a fun time, I'm guessing you'll be smart enough to keep this between us. Even if you were dim enough to misread my note.'
They promised.
'How long are you staying?' I asked the cousin.
'Another week.' he said, then added. 'promise I won't tell anyone, that's the first time I've seen...'
I laughed, 'A girl naked or a girl masturbating?'
'Both', he said, a little shy about it.
'Ok, then I'm going for a shower. You two can head home.'
They turned to go.
'But meet me the day after tomorrow.'
I said, casually dropping the towel 'unless you don't want to have some more fun?'
They both grinned wildly and ran towards the back gate, nudging each other and laughing.
I ran my hand over the mess covering my body from breasts to thighs. I thought about what an exciting few days it had been, enjoying my nakedness in the failing light and the sticky wetness drying on my skin before heading to the shower.