This story is the second part of a series, and will make more sense if you have read the first part. I hope you enjoy! -AlanProject
Lisa and Alan had a quick deplaning since there were few other passengers, and their only luggage was their carry-ons containing a few days' worth of clothes (and a few toys). The airport was somewhat muted, its florescent lighting dimmed in places to save energy at the late hour. Lisa's short nap after cumming on the plane had refreshed her to the point where she wasn't dragging, but she was looking forward to a night of sleep. Uninterrupted, sleeping in sleep!
Alan led her down to the car rental desk, which was one of the few open at that late hour. He presented the coupon, and managed to finagle a red convertible for their vehicle for only $10 more over the voucher. While keeping a serious face to the reservation agent, Alan broke into a wide grin once they were on their way to the parking lot with the keys. "A convertible! Awesome, and Southern California is the place to do it. I've always wanted to cruise around with my beautiful wife in a convertible -- now we'll get the chance!"
"Me too -- let's go driving along the coast tomorrow!" Lisa said, enjoying one of her childhood Barbie dreams coming true.
"Don't worry, I have our day planned out, babe, and it includes the beach. The hotel isn't that far from here; maybe 15 or 20 minutes. We're on our way!"
They hopped in the car and drove out of the parking garage, passing a few palm trees in the darkness. The car smoothly pulled onto the highway into the cool night air. They both breathed deeply, tasting that hint of ocean that echoed on the breeze. There was an intangible sense of adventure in the air, and both felt a tingling excitement over the coming weekend.
Lisa opened her jacket and let the breeze zip through her hair and onto her arms and legs, enjoying the sensations of freedom. It felt so good that she took the jacket off, even though it was cool. She noticed Alan eyeing her chest, and saw that the wind was pushing the top of her now-uncovered dress tightly against her bosom, and her still-sensitive nipples had hardened visibly.
He was clearly enjoying the view, and she leaned forward towards him to let him get a better one down her dress before kissing him on the cheek as he drove past a late-night delivery van.Maybe it's time for me to repay the favor from the planeshe thought, and slid across more to lean across the console. He grinned at her and put his warm arm around her shoulders, a pleasant change from the admittedly chilly air.
She let her hand roam across his lap and gave him a naughty grin when she felt his semi-hard penis pushing upwards against his slacks.Definitely time for some payback. She arched her eyebrow at him questioningly, adhering to the Rule that he had to tell her to do it. Alan smiled and kissed her on the mouth, then slid his seat back a bit. "Suck my cock right here on the highway, babe."
Lisa sighed theatrically and leaned back into her seat, making a show of pulling on her jacket, seemingly more interested in her comfort than obeying. He gave her a look that warned that her teasing disobedience had been noted and was amusing but would not be tolerated much longer. His arm rested on the back of the seat, left hand comfortably steering them down the mostly empty freeway. Once her jacket was in place, Lisa lay across the seats and put her head in his lap, rubbing her mouth and nose against his hardness.
"Still turned on from the plane? Did you like toy fucking me in public, Alan? Making me cum where we might get caught? Or was it that you let Susan watch me? Or us watching her rub her cunt with a vibrator that still had my pussy juice on it? Which part turned you on the most, honey?" She whispered as she rubbed her cheek and chin against him through his business slacks. His only answer was a groan and lifting of his hips.That was very erotic...and I do know want to know! But maybe now is not the time...
Lisa looked up and winked, then unzipped his pants, reaching in with her right hand to free his member from the constraints of clothing. It quickly came through both his boxer shorts and pants, jutting defiantly up towards her. She wasted no time in taking his cock into her mouth, caressing it with her tongue. Already hard, she lavished attention on it. She started sucking, then licking and using her mouth as a simulated pussy, alternating sensations.
She loved the feel of hard cock in her mouth, she just adored the idea that he was so hard for her, so excited for her to be his. She kept it up for several minutes, and was somewhat aware that they were passing a few cars as they drove down the highway. Anyone that was higher than the convertibleso everyone on the freeway!could see what she was doing. She didn't care anymore, her man had given her an amazing orgasm on the plane and she was going to suck him off and drink his cum in public, like a good wife!
When she felt the car taking an off-ramp, she decided to get serious about this. Lisa consciously relaxed her throat and pushed her lips down onto his throbbing head, taking as much of him into her mouth as she could. Years of practice allowed her to take the entirety of his 8 inches, deep throating his cock and putting her lips against his balls. She felt rather than heard his moaning response, and enjoyed that feeling of power that arose because she was driving him wild.
She started moving up and down on the shaft, letting her tongue dance over it while her lips provided strong suction and warmth, then bottoming out deeply in her throat. In only a few minutes she felt him bracing himself with his left legright, it's an automaticand pushing upwards with his hips, trying to drive his throbbing manhood deeper into her caressing mouth, on the edge.
Lisa went for the kill, moving up and down rapidly now with her mouth, hitting the base every time, and gripping the base of his shaft firmly with her right hand, pistoning up and down in time with her sucking mouth. When she started to hum with him deep in her throat, she knew she had him. Alan let out a "goddamn!" and pushed upwards with his hips suddenly. Lisa felt Alan cumming into her mouth, shooting his load past her waiting tongue and right down her throat.This is a rental and those are a nice pair of pants so I can't let any of it dripLisa thought, and worked hard at swallowing his orgasmic liquid while providing solid pressure with her hand at the base of his cock to maintain the orgasmic high for him.
She felt it pulsing under her hand and inside her mouth, a tactile proof of her wonderful oral work. Some of the semen dribbled out of her mouth and down his pulsing shaft, so Lisa quickly swallowed the remainder and let go of his penis' head with her mouth. Darting down the length with her tongue, Lisa left a swath of saliva and pleasure behind her as she gathered up the last few drops. Lisa sat up and felt how stiff her back was from her vigorous work, but didn't mind it at all after seeing the look of bliss on Alan' face.
"Ah, thank you Lisa, thank you! That was amazing." He sighed contentedly again, and then a look of consternation crossed his face as he looked around at the green and white-lettered signs. "You distracted me so much that I think I missed our turn; we need to swing around to get to the hotel." Another grin in her direction showed his amusement at this little misadventure. "Certainly, more than worth it."
They both felt tired and stiff as they pulled into the Motel 6 for their first night. Alan checked them in while Lisa waited in their convertible, and then they drove around the far side of the building to their waiting 2ndfloor room. Alan brought the luggage up and they quickly surveyed their temporary quarters. A queen bed and small TV dominated the main room, and a small bathroom and tub/shower combo rounded out the space. It was nothing they hadn't seen before, so they quickly fell to getting ready for bed.
They both felt a bit sticky from their separate but mutual orgasms, so they shared a shower before going to sleep, enjoying the unguardedness of their time together. A fond mutual remembrance of a shared shower past crossed their minds simultaneously as Alan brought up a Zest soap bar, and Lisa sang out the "Zest Fully Clean!" jingle. She broke into a fit of giggles and they soaped each other up. There were shared smiles for them both at both the memories of showers past, orgasms just shared, and the excitement of the upcoming weekend. They flipped on the TV more out of habit than need, and quickly became bored with the few options on. The clicked it off, cuddled together and quickly feel asleep, letting the residual tension of their travels and final preparations slide out of them in sleep.
Alan took another shower that morning ("Or else my hair will be crazy all day") and then they packed up, checked out and started out towards the coast. Alan had told Lisa that they were stopping at a beach, and directed her to wear the sexy red bikini that she had bought just for this trip.It feels good to not be a housewife sometimes!she thought as she put a light cotton top and sun skirt over the thin red material that barely covered her intimate areas. Sunglasses and a wide-brimmed hat completed the outfit, and sunscreen was placed in a bag. After a short discussion, they decided not to take a towel from the Motel 6 because it was slightly dirty even when clean, rough, and too small. Anti-theft genius from the Motel 6 people!
The morning was crisp and gorgeous, and they had breakfast at an oceanfront restaurant, enjoying the view and each other's company. A quick trip to a Walgreens got Alan some sunglasses and for both, beach towels and sunscreen. As planned, they then cruised north on Pacific Highway 1, swerving amongst the curves and trees towards the coastal towns dotting the coast. LA sprawled about them, a reminder that this huge city covered an enormous area.
Alan pulled them off the road to their left near a sign that read "Point Mugu State Park" near Laguna Peak and, so he told her, a naval base. A dirt pullout on the side of the road seemed a sufficient parking area, but Lisa was skeptical. An overgrown path to the west led down behind a hill, presumably to the beach but it was obscured. The ocean itself glittered in the sunlight, the sun behind and to their left as it rose higher in the eastern sky.
"There is supposed to be a secluded spot down here where we can enjoy the Pacific Ocean. Let's go!" Alan said, hopping theatrically out of the convertible without opening the door. She laughed and in more ladylike fashion exited the car, and they gathered their things.
Alan's prediction proved true after they had walked perhaps half a mile from the highway, a sandy stretch where the sounds of the traffic from the road was drowned out by the crash of the ocean surf.This is perfectLisa thought as she spread their towels out. They had plenty of sun but no ocean back home, and it was a joy to sit on a beach and walk the ever-shifting waves ripple and roar before them. They were the only people on the beach, although they knew that could change.
Alan threw down his gear and sunglasses and ran into the water, but Lisa held back. A yelp from Alan confirmed her suspicion that the water wasn't as warm as you might think. This is the ocean, after all, not a swimming pool. But a few minutes splashing by Alan made her think that it couldn't be all that bad, so she stripped off her skirt and top, dropped her hat on her towel, and walked into the water. She enjoyed the feel of Alan's eyes on her bikini-clad body as she let the water swirl around her feet. It was still cold, but not as bad as she had feared.
"Damn, babe, you look amazing. Come here." Alan said, and she obediently walked through the water to him.
The cold rose up her legs and she felt a chill through her whole body, but the warm sun kept it from being uncomfortable. Alan pulled her close and kissed her strongly, and she loved the sensation of his strong arms around her, holding her tight. His tongue probed her mouth and she willingly surrendered. They broke apart after a few minutes of making out, both grinning at each other. Alan looked down and his grin grew broader, and Lisa noticed that her nipples were hard points pushing against her bikini fabric. She couldn't say if it was the cold or the kisses that had done the trick, but she knew Alan liked looking -- and she liked that he liked looking. The thought of knowing what he liked brought back her question from the car, and she decided this was a good opportunity.
"Alan, I've been thinking that we need to make a change to the Rule." Lisa said, indirectly launching her probe.
"Oh really? In what way?" Alan said expansively, clearly not too worried about the direction of the discussion.Goodshe thought to herself.
"It is all a one-way thing. I have to obey you sexually, and you get to do whatever you want. I'm not complaining, but it seems like I should have some kind of rights under the Rule as well."
"It doesn't work to have two people able to have the other submit. One has to be the dominant, one the submissive. And we both know which roles we like to play, don't we, my good little girl?" His response, and the sudden intensity in his voice, nearly threw her off, but she gathered herself and persisted.
"That's not what I mean. I mean, um, I like it when you take control. But I want a connection too. I would like to know what you are thinking, and know that you will answer honestly. So, I think the Rule should require you to answer all my questions honestly instead of being mysterious. I will submit sexually, and you will be vulnerable emotionally. Then the Rule will be equal." She held her breath, wondering how he would respond.
"Babe, I have no problem telling you what I'm thinking and feeling. I just wonder if sometimes it might be too, ah, intense for you. Or that you might not like what I am thinking. You sure you want to know?" His tone of voice made it clear that he was serious, and that he was willing.
"I can take it. Part of the Rule will be that I can't be offended at an honest answer if I ask. I mean, if there was another woman laying naked over there and I asked if you were thinking about you having sex with her and you said yes, I shouldn't be surprised or offended. Right, ok, so, do we have a deal?" Her tone was still questioning, but internally she was excited. She wanted unfiltered Alan!
"It's a deal, lovely. What do you want to know?"
"Last night, on the plane. When did you decide to do that?"
"I planned it. I have been thinking about this trip a lot, and I have all sorts of sexual plans for us. Please don't ask about anything upcoming, I would like it to be a surprise."
"OK, I will let the future be the future. That's part of the sexual submission, right?" Her tone was flirty and happy.This is working out well!She thought to herself. "So, why did you want to do it? What part of it turned you on the most?"
Alan's face grew serious, and he put his arm around her and guided them back towards the beach towels, resting about 30 yards from the surf. "I think you are the sexiest, most beautiful woman in the world. I love you, I love looking at you, and it is a joy every day to see you in bed beside me when I wake up." Lisa's heart fluttered at his words, feeling overwhelmed and loved.
"And part of loving you and admiring you is wanting to see the true you. I know you have this amazing sexuality, but it is usually, I don't know, not hidden, because you are sexy all the time, but dampened, like a fire that isn't allowed to burn bright. I want you to burn bright for me, I want to see you fully yourself, fully unleashing your sexuality. Pushing you to let go of your inhibitions and submit to me is part of that, of unleashing you."
Lisa was breathless, seared by his raw honesty. It was a huge turn on, and not only were her nipples still hard, but now she could feel wetness not from the ocean between her legs. She knew the bikini wouldn't be able to hide it for long, but didn't care.
"So Lisa, when I started fingering you on the plane, I could feel how turned on you were. You wanted the pretext of submitting to me to let you cut loose. And when you surrendered to me, let me do what I wanted, it was like your fire suddenly burned brighter. You were so fucking sexy that even Susan had to touch herself in response to your beauty. And when I started using the vibe, it was like I could bottle sexiness, it was just pouring out of you. Seeing that radiate out from you made me want to see it all, and so I let her watch while I watched and played with you."
Alan stopped, and Lisa realized that they were at their towels now, she hadn't ever realized they had crossed the beach, she was too focused on his words to pay attention to her surroundings.
"So what part of last night turned me on the most? Hard to say. I love seeing you, seeing you orgasm. Your face is pure and uninhibited in those moments, just your true self. I love that it is revealed to me. And showing you off is a turn on as well, it's hot to think that Susan was touching herself thinking about you, wanting you. That others see you and desire you, and all along know that you are mine, that I have you whenever I want."
Lisa's heart was beating madly now, and her lips were parted to accommodate her slight panting. She felt her nipples hard and aching, and her pussy soaking through her bikini bottoms. She felt supercharged with this talk, to know how he desired her, how he felt about her when she submitted to him.
Alan ran his hands down along her neck to between her breasts, then slid slowly across her bikini-clad cleavage to flick her jutting nipples.
"Seeing Susan touching herself at the sight of your body, your passion, made me think about my fantasy of you having sex with another woman. You surrendering to raw lust and just getting lost in the pleasure of her. I could let it happen with no fear of an emotional connection that could pull you away from me. I like women in general and love you in particular, and the idea of seeing you touching and being touched by another woman, it's fucking hot. Whether you are doing something or there is something being done to you, I would agree with it all! And the way you looked at Susan, like you'd let her eat your pussy right there on the plane and she should be damn grateful to do it, just blew me away. Can't say which part was the best, because it was all awesome!"
Lisa felt her hips twitch forward involuntarily, his words making her feel lightheaded. Alan noticed, and she felt him run his hands down her body, giving her hard nipples a final tweak before moving down to the narrow band of cloth that covered her pussy. His finger gently yet remorselessly slid the fabric aside and ran along her wet lips, leaving no doubt how turned on she was. He didn't hesitate, and pushed his finger inside her. She gasped both at the unexpected penetration and how easily he had slid inside her.I'm so wet! God, I need to cum!
Alan pulled his finger out and held it up to her mouth, and she obediently sucked on it, tasting her own juices. "Imagine that you just tasted another woman's pussy. It turns you on, doesn't it?" Alan said, his voice shifting unconsciously to his deeper command tone. She shivered to hear it, knowing that the morning was about to get very fun.
"Yes, it turns me on. Oh god, all this turns me on."
"Good. Lay down on the towel, and start touching yourself through your bikini, but don't take it off yet." Lisa obeyed, excited to once again surrender herself to Alan.
She stretched out and ran her hands over her body, enjoying the feel of her curves and the self-administered caresses. She preferred to be touched, but also liked to be watched. Alan reached down and pulled out the low-number sunscreen they had purchased that morning.
"I'm going to have you slather this all over your naked body and then masturbate before me until you cum. But I want to take a video of you doing it, and left the camera in the car. Touch yourself through the bikini but don't take anything off until I get back."
Lisa had felt a powerful pulse run through her when he said the words "before me", like he was a king and she would be presenting herself before him. She could only nod, not talk, her mouth dry, like her wet pussy was draining the fluids of her body down to that one delicious spot.
She watched Alan turn and walk briskly back up the beach, heading towards the path that circled the hill and went up to the hidden Highway 1. The rest of the beach was still pleasantly bathed in the bright mid-morning light. The hill to her right as she lay with her feet towards the ocean was tall enough to block the view further down the beach beyond about 100 yards, creating an island of privacy and yet the thrill of being in public. Lisa started pinching her nipples hard, already aroused enough to want a rougher sensation. Small jolts of electricity seemed to travel directly down to her pussy, causing her to ache with need. She wanted to cum so badly, to touch herself and get that release her body craved.
"It isn't disobeying if I keep my bikini on..." Lisa rationalized to herself, and pulled the fabric aside, exposing her freshly-shaved pussy, courtesy of the Motel 6's dingy bathroom. The cool ocean breeze played across her puffy wet lips, and goosebumps broke out along her inner thighs. She ran a finger along her slit and her middle finger slid in without resistance, her natural lubricant begging for penetration. Her other hand pulled the bikini top askew and she gave her nipples continued, direct attention. It felt so good!
Gentle swirls and strokes up and down sent her nerves thrumming, drawing a moan involuntarily from her mouth. The pressure on her clit was exactly what she needed! But she stayed disciplined, and kept a slow pace, saving herself for Alan's viewing pleasure. She felt hot even in the cool breeze blowing off the water, burning with need and desire. Blood was starting to pound in her ears and she became a bit lost in her own world of pleasure, focusing purely on the sensations emanating from her womanhood.
The crashing waves were a blissful background roar that matched the thrumming of her nerves. She kept a firm and deliberate pace, swirling her finger around her clit, building and building but not taking herself to the next level for several minutes. She knew Alan would want to watch, so she didn't try to finish, just losing herself in a private world of pleasure.
"Oh yeah..." a male voice said quietly, seemingly involuntarily, and Lisa jumped to a half-sitting position, because that was not her husband's voice! She tried to cover herself, and was shocked to see two younger men standing not 10 yards from her, both in black exercise shorts and sweaty dark blue t-shirts emblazoned with "Navy" on them. The one on the left was white, about 6 feet tall, with dark brown hair and hazel eyes, his muscles defined underneath the damp shirt.
The man on the right was Latino, about 5 and a half feet tall with black hair, broad shoulder and even more muscular than his friend. Footprints in the sand showed that they had come down the forested hill to her right, probably out for a run.My god, they must have seen me and approached, and I didn't even hear them!The most obvious and pertinent fact of the situation was that both had pulled down their shorts partway and were stroking their hard cocks while looking at her. Both cocks jutted toward her aggressively, and their hands did not cease stroking when she jumped.

Lisa blushed deeply at her most intimate of activities and areas being revealed to these two strangehandsomemen. She felt exposed, vulnerable, and incredibly turned on. "Don't stop, lady" the Hispanic man said in a surprisingly deep voice. "Yeah, keep going, you're so fucking hot" said the taller man.
Thoughts blazed incredibly fast through Lisa's mind.Alan should have been back by now. Why isn't he here? He would have warned me. Oh that bastard. I bet he saw them and deliberately let me expose myself to them. I feel so vulnerable. But I should be OK. Alan would intervene if things got out of hand. But they could.

She paused and evaluated how far a way they were, what they looked like they might do. Do to her.

These guys could take me quickly, long before Alan could get here. They could grab me and take me. I could have two men ravishing me right here on the beach. Their hard cocks could be pounding me right in front of Alan, he would come running but it wouldn't change the fact that they had taken me. I wonder what it would feel like to have two cocks at once? No! I will give Alan his little show, but I've got to keep control of myself and this situation!
"Spying on me? I should be really angry with you. But, well, I do want to support the men who defend our nation. Do you want to watch me?" She said seductively
"Fuck yeah, oh please!" said the taller one, and the shorter one added a deep "hell yeah."
"I do mean watch, so looking only. No touching! OK?" Lis said boldly, not believing how outrageous and wild she felt.
The sailors nodded vigorously and took a few steps forward until she stopped them with a gesture, keeping them about 8 feet away. Then, wanting to give Alan and them a memory to savor, she untied her bikini top and bottom, stripping naked in front of them.
"What are your names, boys?" She asked in a low husky voice as she pinched her nipple in front of them, then ran her hand down her taut stomach towards her glistening pussy.
"I'm Frank" said the taller one. "Julio" said the other.Not much for conversationshe thought. But then again, right then, neither was she.
Lisa lay back on her beach towel and turned slightly so her opened legs and womanhood were exposed to Frank and Julio. She cupped her left breast with her left hand, and sent her right back down into her aching folds where she burned to be touched. Her pointer and middle finger splayed her pussy lips apart for them. She rubbed her clit when they moaned and started stroking faster.
She was so wet! She was even wetter than on the plane, and couldn't wait for her orgasm. And she wanted to see them cum as well. A vigorous rubbing of her clit and nipple pinching restarted her on the path to release. She found it a huge turn on to watch them touch themselves, to know that they were desiring her, lusting after her. Wanting to penetrate her. To fuck her brains out.
"Do you like what you see, boys?" Lisa asked seductively, relishing the role.
"Goddamn, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen!" said Julio. Frank just grunted and took two steps closer, kneeling down so he could better see between her legs. His movement closer gave her a thrill of fear, and she wondered if he would lose control and just jump forward and take her. She didn't think Julio would stop him. She thought he'd come forward too, and make her suck his cock while his friend fucked her senseless. Deep in the unacknowledged places in her mind, she kind of wanted them to.
Needing to move forward for fear of losing control of herself or them, she plunged two fingers deep into her cunt. "Oh yeah, mmm!" She cried, and started pumping in and out quickly. She arched her fingers upwards slightly, seeking to stroke her g-spot as she pushed in and out. Her left hand went down to hold her pussy lips wide open and rub her clit. Having both hands between her legs left her breasts pushed up between her arms, jutting proudly into the air. Her hips pushed upwards to meet the strokes of her fingers, and her eyes closed at the amazing sensations crashing through her body.
"Oh I'm so close! Can I cum on you?" Frank's voice whispered hoarsely, and Lisa opened her eyes to see that both of the men were only a few feet away, within arm's length, pounding their cocks while staring at her pussy being penetrated by her fingers.
Lisa couldn't even talk, her mouth was too dry, but she nodded and Frank positioned himself by her left side. Frank stroked hard and Lisa stared at his cock, it was red and veiny and powerful and she desperately wanted to suck on it. His hips suddenly convulsed forward and white cum shot out onto her stomach, a powerful pulse that nearly flew to the sand on the far side. He adjusted his aim and the next few splashes landed on her breasts, so proud between her arms.
Frank's cumming hit a mental button, and suddenly Lisa was cumming too, an incredible wave of pleasure exploding from her pussy outward to blast every nerve. She felt herself squirt a bit, which was very rare for her, and she clenched her legs together around her hand and rocked a bit, unable to do anything more than moan and hump her fingers still inside her. It seemed to go on forever, but probably only lasted maybe 30 seconds.
"Fuck that's so hot!" Julio said, and moved to kneel on the other side of her. Lisa felt dazed but so erotic, so sexual, that she moved instinctually. She turned herself towards Julio's thick hard cock, her breasts pointing right at it. Then she deliberately reached down and scooped some of Frank's cum off her stomach and licked it off her still pussy-coated fingers. "Oh yeah, oh yeah!" Julio grunted, obviously close. Still just living in the moment, instinctually Lisa bent forward and licked some cum off of her left breast with a long tongue stroke.
Apparently, that was as erotic to Julio as to Lisa, and he started cumming on her. A blast hit her left breast right in front of her tongue and she turned to watch one of her favorite things. He shifted slightly and aimed a blast at her face, surprising her. Some of it landed right in her partly open mouth and the rest landed on her cheek, and she jerked back slightly. The remainder of his love jism landed on her breasts and stomach, a thick creamy load testifying to her beauty.
The two men knelt there panting, flushed from their orgasm. Lisa sat up, not wanting to appear more vulnerable to them. It was like a kind of madness had passed, and she was now thinking far more about how risky and exposed she was, and slightly fearful of what would happen next.
But she didn't have to worry. The two Navy men stood up and brushed the sand from their knees, and pulled their shorts back up. Lisa didn't reach for her bikini but did cross her legs and place her right arm across her breasts, suddenly modest after revealing so much to them.
"Lady, you are amazing. You come here often? Can I have your phone number?" Julio asked, clearly the more assertive of the two.
"Sorry Julio, but this is a one-day visit. I'm not from around here -- and I'm married." She waved up her left hand, and the ring glinted in the sunlight.
"Your husband is a lucky man. And if he ever doesn't take care of you, let me know, huh? I'm stationed just up the road, just as for Lieutenant Julio and folks will direct you to me."
"A girl always likes to have options, but I'm feeling pretty good about my situation. Have a good run!" Lisa smiled and waved at them with a kind of flipping gesture, and the two men shared a glance, Julio shrugged, and they turned back towards the forested hill to the north as one. They set out at a brisk pace, surprisingly fast in the sand, and were soon at the edge of the beach. Lisa sat naked the entire time they were leaving, and used the arm that had hidden her breasts for a final wave good bye when they looked back before heading into the trees.They can have one last look at the girlsshe thought to herself with amusement.
Once out of sight, she sighed at the whole crazy adventure. But unlike in the movies, you don't just cut away. She needed to get cleaned up. Since she was sitting on her own, Lisa reached over and grabbed Alan's towel and wiped the cum off of her stomach, chest and face. She knew she must look a fright, but there wasn't much she could do about it right then. She ran her hands through her sweat-slicked hair, and thought about jumping in the ocean.No, I should wait for AlanShe found her bikini in the sand a few feet away and brushed away the grains that stuck to it, as well as the few sticking to her skin.
While she was putting her bikini on, she saw movement and turned to see Alan walking across the sand from the road. He had a big grin on his face and was carrying their more expensive digital camera, not just his phone. She assumed an innocent expression and waved at him, deciding to pretend that nothing had happened and tease him.
"Where have you been? I have been waiting for you." Lisa said with a chipper fake smile.
"Oh, I was watching some native life from up on the hills. There were two squids that were swimming around and it was really interesting to watch them hunt their prey."
"Squids? My goodness. Did they get it?"
"Oh, they got want they wanted. But the prey was more than they expected, so they had to squirt ink and run away. It was quite an adventure."
Lisa couldn't help herself and started giggling at how he kept the metaphor running, and he smiled and snapped a picture of her. She threw her head back and posed, and he snapped another. Or, at least, the digital camera clicked to tell them that he had taken a picture, imitating a prior technology.
"I have other pictures, you know. You were amazingly hot. You burned bright, just like we talked about. How did it feel? What were you thinking about?" His tone was more serious, almost fascinated.
He can be honest with me, but can he take me being honest with him? And what will he think if I do tell him? But if I ask for total honesty from him, can I not give it myself? Well, this will be a trip to remember no matter what. We are truly learning about each other, after 7 years of marriage!
"It felt, um, just so erotic. I was very turned on by your words, talking about last night, and I wanted to perform for you. I like showing off for you, and I played with myself and was more than halfway to an orgasm. Then when I realized they were right there, watching me, and how much time had passed, that you must have let that happen. Was I right?" she asked with sudden doubt.
"Yeah, I saw them. I had paused to take some long-distance shots of you alone on the beach, like a photo shoot panorama, and they came out from the hill. You didn't even notice; I couldn't believe it. I moved down lower towards you, and was almost off the hill when they stopped and started stroking themselves. I suddenly understood what was going to happen, and I wanted to see it. I ducked behind some tall grass and started taking pictures, and later I just zoomed in at took video. It was so erotic..."
"That's what I thought. I was nervous, they were right there, they could have taken me before you got there, but I thought that exposure was what you wanted, and I treated it like something you ordered me to do."
"Is that all? You didn't want to do it? You just thought I wanted you to do it?" He asked, and she was caught short.
"Yes, I did want to do it," she blushed. "In fact, I was so turned on that I was sort of fantasizing that they would take me. Both of them at the same time, that they would just ravish me. Every woman wants to be desired, and to be desired by two men like that it a fantasy for lots of women," she finished defensively.
"It's OK babe, I'm not offended. I have a fantasy of having you and another woman at the same time, of watching you with her and dominating you both. I'm just glad you are willing to tell me the whole truth."
Lisa sighed with relief, then shifted towards him, letting her breasts dangle as she pointed her head at his crotch as he stood above her. "So did it turn you on? Do you need some relief? Should I suck your cock, like I wanted to suck their cocks, or are you going to pound me the way I deserve?" she said, letting him know that she intended to repay his honesty and trust with direct expressions of love.
"Babe, I would love to take you right here, but I heard a big car or truck pull in above me when I started across the beach. I think there are others coming and there might be kids, so instead we're going to save it until later tonight, when I reveal the next deviant sexual thing that I'm going to do to you." He gave her a playful leer, and she giggled while pretending to be offended, their old game once again.
He gave her a shooing gesture and she decided to get clean while she had the chance. Lisa ran into the ocean until it was waist-high, then dipped down to clean herself off. The saltwater was stickybut not as sticky as cumbut felt good and she swirled before coming back out. Alan had packed up their stuff and was holding a towel for her, so all she had to do was dry off briefly. Alan kissed her as she rubbed the towel along her glistening torso, and admired her as she swept water off her legs.
A group of six people including two kids, looked like the grandparents, parents, and kids, came down the hill from the same direction as their car. She gave Alan a glance to let him know that she resented the intrusion and would gladly pleased her man but for the interruption. He smiled tolerantly, like he was foregoing a little pleasure for a big pleasure letter.I wonder what he has in store for me?She grabbed her top and skirt, covering up her bikini and no-longer cum-stained skin, and they headed up the beach and passed the group with a wave.
They walked up the hill and loaded back into the convertible, and zoomed onto the road. Just a few miles up past the town found a pleasant oceanside restaurant for lunch. They enjoyed a quiet meal of pleasant small talk, just unwinding and enjoying the freedom of the day. They shared a glance when they noticed the grey concrete structures to their left, showing where the Naval base was. They then decided to walk down the main street, and Lisa popped in and out of shops, enjoying shopping. Alan tended to look briefly then get out his smartphone, not much interested in trinkets. Lisa found a few minor souvenirs that the kids would like.
On the way back to their car, a bookstore caught their attention, and neither looked at the clock as they browsed through its dusty shelves for as long as they wished. Lisa picked out a few books out of ability more than desire, and Alan did the same -- "for in-between" he said with a wink. The sun was in its midafternoon glory when they decided to head towards the Retreat, and the long sunny afternoon and the brilliant colors of the ocean, hillsides and the trees created a pleasant feeling of progress and scenic wonder during the drive to the next step in this wonderful weekend.