Author's note: This series runs parallel to the "Sharing My Wife Amanda" storyline.
******
Piper snuggled against my chest.
My right arm was draped around the beautiful 19 year old as we sat on the living room sofa watching television. I paid scant attention to the screen as I nuzzled the soft blonde hair of my young love. Her sweet scent made my heart to beat faster, and I was tempted to make love to her again.
It would've been my second time having sex with her today.
But the petite girl was totally engrossed in the movie that was streaming on the television, periodically stuffing popcorn into her mouth from the large bowl clutched in her free arm. Her expression was intent and serious, making her appear even more adorably girlish than usual. Her youthful beauty caused a stirring between my legs.
"Pass the popcorn, please," my wife Amanda requested from across my body to our babysitter.
Amanda's head lay on my opposite shoulder. Whereas the slender blonde felt like a twig, in contrast my wife's toned and voluptuous figure was like a block of granite, chiseled from an extremely healthy and active lifestyle; she was a workout fanatic, and looked and felt like one!
Piper thrusted the bowl of popcorn towards her, and Amanda reached over me to grab a handful. I was comfortably sandwiched between these 2 gorgeous women-- easiest that hottest females I had ever laid eyes on-- and their bodies felt so warm and perfect against mine. A thick cotton blanket was strewn over us, trapping our body heat, and I realized somewhat plaintively that I would never feel this cozy ever again.
My penis had stiffened into a full erection and throbbed painfully. I subtly shifted under the blanket to relieve the pressure.
My wife, however, knew me too well and sensed what was happening. She was well aware of the effect that she--and Piper-- had on me. Her eyes never left the television screen as her left arm innocuously slipped beneath the blanket. My heart rate quickened and as Amanda's fingers slithered beneath the waistband of my pants and underwear, wrapping around my needy cock and giving it a firm jerk. Grinning inwardly yet trying to remain calm, I covered Amanda's hand with mine and guided her movements along my penile length.
I remained motionless so Piper wouldn't be alerted to the games that my wife and I were playing beneath the blanket, but still had to bite my lip from moaning. As Amanda coolly masturbated me, her expression never changed and her eyes stayed innocently fixed on the television.
Suddenly, I felt movement on my right side. Piper was still laying on my chest, but now I feltherhand snaking onto my thigh. It lingered there for a moment before she began stroking the inner portion delicately. The girl didn't realize that her hand was in close proximity to Amanda's, and they were unknowingly inducing a VERY wonderful reaction from me.
Piper lifted her hand and began moving it towards my cock when she unexpectedly bumped into Amanda's hand. Both girls started, stopped what they were doing (much to my chagrin!), and regarded each other across my body.
Then they burst out laughing.
"Great minds think alike," Amanda told our babysitter dryly.
They eventually stopped laughing, and gazed each other. Then, casting my wife a smoldering look that actually made me a bit jealous, Piper leaned over me. In response, Amanda loomed towards her, and their lips met as they kissed directly in front of me, just inches before my face.
The smacking of their lips as the girls devoured each other was loud and passionate, and absolutely arousing to me.
"Fuck, you girls are so hot," I muttered coarsely, enthralled by the scene that was infinitely more interesting and arousing compared to what was streaming on the television.
Piper and Amanda disengaged from each other then turned to stare at me, mirroring the same lustful expression that I was giving them. Piper kissed me first, and I tasted my wife's sweet essence on her mouth. And when the young girl pulled away, Amanda immediately filled her spot. As usual, I was diamond-hard in the presence of these two beautiful angels, and I reached between my legs to rub myself. Together, the girls quickly yanked my pants and underwear down to my ankles, a prelude that was as erotic as what I knew was sure to follow.
Piper lay her head on my belly and coolly sucked my cock into her mouth.
As I groaned in pleasure, Amanda pouted in mock jealousy. "No fair!" she whined, trying to keep a straight face. "You already got to suck my husband's cock today. It's my turn!"
Despite the wonderful sensations our young babysitter was bestowing on me, I couldn't help but chuckle. "Ladies, please," I intoned with bravado. "There's enough of me to go around."
Amanda giggled and kissed me again.
God, I don't deserve her. It was something that I told myself every time I looked at my wife. Amanda, along with our son James, was the center of my universe. I adored the ground that she walked on and I loved her more than life itself.
But my feelings for Piper, who was currently slurping my erection, had grown and evolved over time, too. It was my wife who had brought us together in the first place ["Sharing My Wife Amanda Chapter 14"], and it was only with Amanda's blessing that we were able to enjoy a torrid, illicit romance for almost a year. However, the turning point occurred recently, during our vacation in Hawaii when Piper and I were finally able to profess our true feelings for each other ["Hot Babysitter Chapter 2"]. The depths of my affection for Piper paled in comparison to the unbreakable bond I shared with my wife, but the feelings I harbored for the young girl were strong and genuine.
I was truly in love with Piper.
"Time to share, Piper," Amanda informed her partner in crime. She nudged my paramour aside and yanked my cock from her grasp before stuffing it in her mouth. As an explosive breath escaped my lips, Piper politely brushed Amanda's hair aside and pinned it behind an ear to clear her face. Then, with a naughty grin that make my blood rush, the young girl twisted her head further down and ingested my balls even as my wife's skull bobbed on my cock.
I threw my head back and moaned to whatever higher power smiled down upon me.
I palmed the back of both girls' heads as they licked and sucked me... guiding them... controlling them... letting them know what I wanted and how I wanted it. They enthusiastically alternated between my penis and scrotum; I suspiciously wondered if there was an unspoken competition between them as the girls seemed to be showing off and trying to prove who was better at giving head!
But oral sex was one of the few times I actually enjoyed giving at much as receiving-- at least, when it pertained to Amanda and Piper-- and my mouth was suddenly watering as I felt ravenous. Allowing my wife to continue sucking my balls, I slid my cock out of our babysitter's mouth and ushered her to her feet. The gorgeous blonde appeared to be vexed at being interrupted, but I pulled her up onto the couch so that her long, gangly legs were planted on either side of me. Piper's confused expression suddenly split into a grin as she ascertained my intention.
I delved into her crotch and began eating her young pussy earnestly.
Piper's loose vagina was already wet and, except for a neatly trimmed brownish tuft of hair that amusingly seemed to be pointing at her clit, totally smooth. Her bodily fluids tasted much thinner than and not nearly as salty as Amanda's, making me curiously wonder if the difference was due to her youth.
Amanda murmured in approval as she observed me and Piper from the corner of her eye. She suddenly switched from nutsack back to my penis, and expertly deepthroated me in one smooth motion. But then my wife quickly swung herself down to the carpet to kneel between my legs, never even coming close to breaking stride as she kept my cock fully rooted in her throat.
Being with the two loves of my life while pleasing and being pleased was a euphoric, heavenly feeling. As our son James slept in his room on the other side of the house, Amanda sucked my cock while I devoured our hot young babysitter's pussy.
"I love you." Piper's soft whisper trickled down to me, and my wife heard it as well; in response, I slipped my tongue in deeper and probed the young girl's body.
Life was good.
******
Life continued to beverygood during the weeks that followed. Sex among the three of us only got wilder and hotter and, impossibly, better. Prior to our Hawaii trip, Piper would babysit James at our house until Amanda or I arrived home from work. More often than not, I would rush out of work early for a fun romp in the bedroom with Piper before my wife came home.
But now the young girl was lingering much later, returning to her apartment well into the evening only to return early the next day to care for James. It soon got to the point where Piper wasn't even bothering to leave anymore; she had practically moved in with us. Amanda and I organized the guest bedroom for her, but it provided to be a useless gesture.
The young pretty girl spent her nights with us.
Most of the time the three of us would lay in bed together, sometimes having conversations about life, but mainly engaging in sweaty threesomes that we'd often resume in the morning. Piper, despite her relative youth, was extremely perceptive, and always seemed to know when Amanda preferred to be with me or when I wanted to be alone with my wife. During these instances, our hot babysitter would casually excuse herself to the guest bedroom. Conversely, Amanda would sleep with James in his room at least 2 nights out of the week to allow Piper and me to consummate our love in the bed that she rightfully shared with me.
There was no jealousy among us...
...except when the girls would banishmefrom the bedroom to have steamy fun together!
All in all, the months that followed were filled with some of the best sex that we had ever experienced and despite the carnal relationship Amanda and I maintained with our babysitter, our loving marriage was never stronger.
Eventually, however, a sense of misgiving began to weigh on my mind. Piper had fully ingrained herself into the fabric of our life. She was with us constantly and became a literal second to mother to James. Whereas she used to only stay with us during the weekdays then return to her apartment-- to her own life-- on the weekends, the young blonde was now sleeping at our houseeverynight.
It wasn't that I wanted Piper to leave or that I was weirded out by the inordinate amount of time she was spending with us; far from it! Amanda and I loved her, both in our own way, and sex with her was still evolving and getting better. But Piper wasn't spending time with her own friends anymore and appeared to have happily relinquished her previous life. She no longer spoke about her hopes and dreams, and it was as if she grown content to babysit James during the day while waiting for Amanda and me to return home
We all enjoyed the sordid arrangement, but in my heart I knew something was wrong.
******
The tipping point came one day when Piper and I were strolling through the mall while holding hands. It was clear to everyone around us that we were in an intimate relationship, but with it came shocked, sometimes even angry, looks. I was over twice her age and old enough to be her father, so the disapproving frowns thrown our way was nothing new.
But as I waited outside a clothing store where Piper shopped with my credit card, a woman old enough to bemymother stalked towards me with open distaste. "That poor girl is young enough to be your daughter," she sniffed. "You should be ashamed of yourself."
As the old woman walked away while glaring at me, I thought about flagging her down to explain myself to her, to try to convince her that I truly loved Piper and would never let any harm come to the "poor girl". But I experienced a stab in my heart that was much worse than anger.
Guilt.
******
"Talk to me, babe. What's wrong?"
Amanda and I were seated across from each other at a nice restaurant. She wore her long silky black hair in a tightly wound bun that showed of her flawless face... her semi almond-shaped brown eyes, her poignant cheekbones, and her adorable freckles. The silvery dress that adorned her rocking body was snug, sleeveless, and strapless with a strategic cutout around the midsection that screamed attention to her rippling 6-pack and smooth lower back. The metallic-looking fabric hugged her incredible ass and receded precariously high up her fabulous runner's legs, which were as toned as her exposed arms and shoulders.
My wife's strikingly fit body was on full display in that dress, as I knew it would be. After all, I had surprised her with it not that long ago ["Mandy's Sexcapade: the Slutty Stranger"].
But for once, my mind wasn't totally focused on her incomparable beauty. "I'm sorry, Mandy. I just... I just have a lot on my mind."
"You're worried about Piper." My wife knew me better than I knew myself.
I looked up in surprise. "How did you know?"
Amanda smiled tenderly. "Because you've had the same gloomy expression for the last 2 weeks and you've been walking on eggshells around her." My eyes widened. "Don't worry, she's too happy and too in love with you to notice. But I do."
"Iamworried about Piper." I sighed. "Sometimes, I forget that she's just a kid. She should be doing what all 20 years olds do...hanging out with her friends, partying, maybe thinking about going back to school... whatever it is that kids do nowadays."
Amanda grin impishly. "You mean, not hang out with old folks like us?"
She was only teasing, but her words still cut like a knife. At 31 years old, my wife wasn't old by any stretch of the imagination and didn'tlookold, either. But I was considerably older than her.
And Piper.
"That's not what I meant, Mandy."
Her apology was swift since she understood that age was a sensitive topic for me. "I know, babe, and I'm sorry. But you're right about Piper. I think we need to have a talk with her."
The admission surprised me. "You do?"
"Of course." Amanda's expression grew soft. "You're not the only one here who cares about her. But I was hesitant to bring it up because I know you don't want to hurt her... and I know how much you love her."
There was anger in my wife's tone. And why would there be? Despite my genuine affection for Piper, Amanda knew how much I lovedher, and trusted me just like I trusted her unequivocally when she was with her plethora of lovers [refers to the "Sharing My Wife Amanda" series]. We were so confident in our marriage that we could sleep with, even care for, other people with the knowledge that our devotion to each other would remain absolute. It was a setup that most people would find revolting, but it worked for us and actually strengthened our marriage.
"Mandy, I don't know what I did in previous life to deserve you, but I love you so much." I took her hand, which was resting on the table, and squeezed it hard. We leaned forward and touched our forwards together, which had been our personal sign of affection for years.
"I love you, too, babe." Her encouraging smile was brighter than a thousand suns. "Let's enjoy dinner tonight. Everything's going to be fine, we just need to sit down and have a talk with Piper when the time is right."
When the time is right.
I forced a smile as I felt a sudden sense of foreboding.
The time would never be right to have that conversation with Piper.
******
The following Monday dragged as I intended to have "the talk" with Piper after I arrived home from work. Amanda had offered to speak to her instead, and while I was extremely grateful and would've preferred to spare myself the discomfort, I loved Piper and felt that it was my responsibility.
I steeled myself as I entered the house, but Piper pounced on me as soon as I walked in. The tiny girl, literally, leapt into my arms, and it was nearly impossible to speak under her torrential rain of kisses. "Piper, we need to talk," I managed to gasp between breaths.
"Later," she murmured into my lips. "I've been hot for you all day. Make love to me."
I tried to peel the Piper's arms from my neck, but she clung to me tightly as her lust had somehow made her remarkably strong. I tried another approach. "What about James?"
"YouknowI always put him to sleep before you come home, and weneverwake him."
Her kisses didn't stop as I held her aloft, and my willpower quickly caved in.
"God, Piper, you smell so good... youfeelso good." I was no longer resisting her advances and was matching her intensity with my own.
Suddenly, the blonde teen wiggled out of my grasp and landed on her feet. She then immediately dropped to her knees and looked up with a wicked grin, and I was already hard before she even finished unbuttoning my pants. "Here's a bit of an appetizer before the main course."
Piper opened her jaws and took me into her mouth.
I should've stopped her before we even got started, but was helpless before her sexual prowess... and like a typical male, I was thinking with the wrong head. I moaned aloud as I experienced sheer ecstasy. After being with me for almost a year, Piper now sucked me almost as expertly as my wife! However, although the need to cum was overpowering, shedidwant me to make love to her...
I pulled my young love to her feet and dragged her into the next room.
She exclaimed, "What are you doing?"
I answered Piper's question by spinning her around, bending her over the dining table, and slamming my wet cock into her pussy. She screamed in delight at my initial intrusion, and her entire shuddered under my loving penetration. Her hips felt tiny in my hands as I clutched them for stability while nailing her from behind; Piper, in the throes of passion, clawed at the tablecloth, spilling all the contents of onto the floor with a loud clatter.
Moments later, I climaxed.
Our lovemaking last only a few short minutes, but we were bathed in sweat and panting hard. I collapsed on top of Piper as we both lay in an exhausted heap on the dining room table. We remained there for a while, content to keep our warms bodies pressed together and enjoy each other's company. But eventually, I scooped the tiny blonde up and carried her to the bedroom, where we held each other wordlessly.
"Piper," I finally began reluctantly, "we really do need to talk."
"Mmm... about what?" she asked dreamily. Her eyes were closed as she nestled against me.
I swallowed hard; there was no easy way to present this. "Maybe we need to take a step back... slow things down a bit."
Her eyes snapped open. "What?"
The hurt in her expression tore at my heart, but this was a discussion that we needed to have. I continued quickly so my young love wouldn't have time to think. "I'm just worried about your well-being, Piper. You're here all the time now. You never go home, you never hang out or even talk to your friends anymore. "
I blurted my thoughts without thinking and immediately regretted my choice of words when Piper's lower lip began to quiver. "What are you saying... that you don't want me here anymore? That-- that you don't...loveme anymore?" Her voice raised several octaves, and tears started to flow.
"No, of course not, Piper! I love you! I will always love you! But you're just a kid, and I'm a married man who's enough to be your father, and--"
"Haven't we been through this a thousand times already?" She exploded through sobs. "I know I'm just a secret that you have to hide. And I know you love your wife... I'm not trying to replace her!"
"Piper, I don't feel any differently about you than I did 2 minutes ago. I just want the best for you."
"Then why are you pushing me away?"
"Because I feel like I'm holding you back, and I want much more for you." I paused to sigh and collect my thoughts. "It's not just that I feel like you should be spending time with your friends and getting back to your social life; you should be out there living yourlife, and pursuing your hopes and dreams... not just spending every day and night here and wallowing away. I want you to be happy."
"But I'm happy with Amanda and James... I'm happy withyou!"
"Piper, I'm not trying to push you away. I just want you to think hard about your life and what you want to accomp--"
"How can you say these things to me? After all we've been through? After you just made love to me!" The young girl's face was flushed and she was openly crying now. I attempted to comfort her, but Piper leaped out of bed and stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind her.
I groaned, rolled out of bed, and hastily threw some clothes on. Then I chased after Piper.
My wife looked at me with in bewilderment as I rushed into the living room. She was still wearing her jacket and had obviously just gotten home. But one look at my expression, and she knew what I was going to ask before I even spoke. "She just ran out of house." Amanda answered my unspoken question. Suddenly, there was an earsplitting wail. Alarmed, I initially thought it was Piper, and while the girl was young, she wasn't THAT young.
Piper had unintentionally wakened James when she slammed the bedroom door.
Amanda looked at me quickly. "You tend to James, I'll go after Piper."
"But--"
"Trust me, babe. Letmetalk to her."
That was definitely a better idea. I nodded, and we hurried off in different directions.
******
"Is Piper ok?" I asked with genuine concern. I was anxiously pacing with our son cradled in my arms when Amanda returned a short while later. Luckily, James had fallen back asleep.
My wife glared at me and shook her head in exasperation. "Men," she spat in disgust. "Next time, you may want to have the serious, heartbreaking discussion with Piperbeforeyou sleep with her."
"I know, I know," I grumbled lamely. "It's just that she was all over me as soon as I came home and..." I flushed with guilt and my shoulders slumped in defeat. "I just want what's best for Piper, that's all. And I'm not sure if that's me... us... anymore."
Despite her annoyance at me, Amanda's sighed, too. "I know you have her best interests at heart, babe. But Piper is so in love with you, and she knows that you care about her dearly, too. She's so innocent and idealistic that that's all she sees right now. I hate to sound cheesy, but Piper is blinded by love."
In any other instance, that would've sounded like a good thing. "Great, Mandy. So what's the magic solution?"
We stared at each helplessly, but after a moment my wife snapped her fingers. "I have it!" she exclaimed, then looked at me almost sympathetically as her expression changed. "But you won't like it."
I knew that as long as we did the right thing for Piper, I'd be fine. "What is it?"
"We set her up on a date... find her a boyfriend." I definitely wasn't expectingthat. "A boy close to her age," my wife continued gently, "someone at a similar point in life."
Amanda's suggestion was a knife through my heart. Although my young love had slept with other men ["Sharing My Wife Amanda Chapter 14", "The Hot Babysitter Chapter 2: the Gift of Love"], much like my wife, the notion of Piper having an actual boyfriend wounded me deeply.
However, I knew Amanda, as usual, was correct; I never doubted her judgment.
"Who?" I asked, trying have to keep my voice steady.
My wife grinned and, despite my breaking heart, I felt comforted. "I have someone in mind..."
******
"How do I look?" Piper asked anxiously.
"Beautiful," my wife and I told her simultaneously.
The three of us were seated at a table for 4 in a nice Italian restaurant. I was wore a collared button-down shirt over khakis and dress shoes. However, I was practically invisible to everyone around since two jaw-dropping beauties sat next to me.
Amanda was dressed to impress in a little black minidress that I had purchased for her some time ago ["Mandy's Sexcapde: Pantyless & Proud"]. Composed of a very soft and stretchy material, it accentuated every curve of her body in anextremelyflattering way. The minidress was strapless and sleeveless with an extremely low neckline, which, combined with the way my wife wore her hair in a tight bun, showed off her fantastic cleavage, sleek neck, and toned arms. The lower half was also equally as revealing since it wrapped around her amazing, sculpted ass like plastic wrap and didn't even reach halfway her thighs, allowing everyone to be in awe of her fabulous runner's legs.
If my wife looked like a 10/10 tonight, then our babysitter was a 9.9. Piper wore a bright red dress that contrasted sharply with her creamy alabaster skin. Her dress was modestly cut, covering much of her arms and legs, but was fairly form-fitting, and highlighted the shapely curves of her 34B breasts. Although Piper was a full cup size smaller than Amanda, her chest was in perfect proportion with the rest of her petite, gangly body.
Amanda and I had picked out this dress for Piper, and I was happy that we did so. I had been stealing glances at her during the entire night.
"I don't know why, but I'm so nervous."
"Don't be, Piper," Amanda told the young girl, who was, at once her friend, lover, and protégé. "You look fabulous!"
"I haven't been on a date in so long." Piper sighed as she unintentionally glanced at me.
I squirmed awkwardly as my wife assured her, "I wouldn't choose just anyone for you."
"I know, Amanda."
It had taken Amanda almost 2 weeks of convincing before Piper relented and allowed my wife to set her up on a blind date. During that time-- immediately after I caused my young love to storm out of the house-- Piper was aloof and curt with me. Amanda had noticeably gotten home from work each day before me, and our babysitter was often gone by the time I arrived. In the few instances when I did see her, Piper barely acknowledged me before leaving.
I knew better than to open my mouth again.
Eventually, she allowed Amanda to find her a boyfriend, but there was one caveat: Piper wanted to double-date with us. At first, I wasn't happy with the idea. We were both hurting, and the notion of seeing Piper with another man was heart-wrenching. But she was being unusually shy and desperately sought our presence, and Amanda wanted to support her at all costs. Considering that I loved Piper and simply wished for her to be safe, happy, and healthy, I pushed my reluctance aside.
Now, as we sat at the table waiting for her date, I stared at both girls admiringly. Amanda could easily be mistaken for a young co-ed like Piper, and they looked like beautiful angels from heaven. Despite the trepidation that I had been feeling, I experienced a tightening between my legs.
Amanda suddenly touched Piper's arm. "There he is," my wife announced quietly, but the excitement was evident in her voice.
A stocky young man quickly approached us. He was barrel-chested, with pectoral muscles and biceps that threatened to burst out of his collared shirt. His skin was clear and pale, with penetrating hazel eyes. He possessed dirty blonde hair that was greased and purposefully disheveled looking. He was taller than Piper, but about 2 inches shorter than Amanda.
I eyed the handsome young man clinically. Although we had never met, his reputation preceded him. He, of course, noticed my wife first, and made a direct beeline to her.
Amanda stood up and they embraced. "Darren," she greeted her massage therapist warmly. There was a girlish quality to her tone no one else would notice. Their hug lingered a split second longer than what was appropriate between mere acquaintances, and his strong hands skimmed my wife's body so quickly that most people wouldn't have noticedthat,either.
"Amanda... it's good to see you again." The adoration in his voice was evident. Of course...
"Darren, let me introduce you to my husband."
I extended my hand. The young man hesitated, and suddenly there was trepidation in his eyes. I considered feigning hostility to amuse myself by messing with him. After all, it was undoubtedly awkward for him to come face to face with the man whose wife he was having an affair with ["Mandy's Sexcapade: Slippery Seduction"].
Darren eventually relaxed, but I still sized him up as we shook hands. He was already having sex with my spouse, and now there was a strong likelihood that he'd soon be sleeping with our babysitter, whom I loved almost as fiercely, too.
Part of me considered Darren as competition. And the enemy.
"It's nice to finally meet you, Darren. Mandy has told meeverythingabout you... especially how good you are with your hands." And just like that, I coolly informed him that I knew he was fucking my wife, and allowed it.
Darren was embarrassed, but nodded in understanding. His attention was so focused on Amanda-- and on me, to a lesser extent-- that he didn't notice Piper until she stood up. Their eyes widened when they made eye contact, and they simultaneously blushed.
My wife and I grinned at each other. Perhaps things might work out, after all...
"Darren," Amanda said, trying to keep the good-natured mirth from her voice, "this is Piper. Piper, meet Darren."
There was a noticeable spark between the two youths.
Ah, young love, I thought somewhat wistfully. I gestured for everyone to be seated.
"So, Darren," Piper began, "Mandy tells me that you'reverygood with your hands..."
******
Piper and Darren hit it off better than Amanda and I could've hoped. Within minutes, they were laughing together as if they had been friends for years, and not long after that, they were holding hands and gazing adoringly into each other's eyes.
Their relationship had great potential.
As the young couple chatted quietly, I regarded Piper reflectively. My heart was heavy as I witnessed the kindling of their new romance. She seemed genuinely happy and I realized in that moment that the best thing I could do for her was to let her go. I twisted inside, but I loved Piper too much to hold her back any longer. At one point, the pretty blonde, in the midst of a conversation with Darren, surreptitiously flashed me a comforting smile before returning her attention to him.
Amanda, who had been quietly but astutely observing everything, reached out and squeezed my hand.
******
Piper, due to her age, was the only one who was sober by the end of the night. Amanda and I invited the new couple back to our house so, by default, our babysitter was the designated driver.
Alcohol had eaten away at our inhibitions, so my wife and I were open with our affection in the back seat of the car. As Piper drove and Darren, inebriated but still fairly functional, sat in the front passenger seat, I hooked one arm around Amanda's waist and pulled her onto my lap. We kissed, and as my hands explored her firm figure, I was amazed yet again at how absolutely perfect she felt.
Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Piper and Darren stealing glances at us through the rearview mirror. Humorously, I recalled the times I acted as chauffeur for my wife and her many lovers, and peeped at them in the same manner that the young couple was spying on us now ["Sharing My Wife Amanda Chapter 12"]! Knowing that we held a captive audience enflamed us, and as a reward to them, I pulled the bottom of Amanda's dress up her thighs and past her hips to reveal that she wasn't wearing any panties.
Just like the last time she wore this dress ["Mandy's Sexcapade: Pantyless & Proud"].
Piper stifled her giggle, but Darren swore in awe as he looked on with open jealousy.
Amanda rolled onto my lap, and we faced each other. As she mounted me, I slapped my hands onto her buttcheeks and gave them an affectionate squeeze; no doubt Piper and Darren were staring at her firm ass, too!
"I love you," Amanda murmured, not caring who heard.
The weeks of misgiving that I had been suffering over Piper and our situation suddenly began to ease. I loved the girl, and knew my feelings for her would never change; equally as important, Piper realized that, too, and so did my wife.
But a sudden revelation hit me: despite the fact that I constantly professed my love for Amanda and openly adored the ground that she walked on, I still took her for granted. She permitted me to sleep with other women, and I allowed her to seek excitement in the arms of other lovers-- no, I encouraged it and got off on it-- but my wife deserved no less than my full love and attention. I was so lucky that to be her husband because I didn't deserve her and, like our son James, she would always be the reason why I existed... my first thought when I woke up in the morning and my last thought before I fell asleep at night.
It was really that simple, and I suddenly felt better about everything.
Amanda and I made love in the back seat as Piper continued to drive.
******
Amanda and I stumbled into the living room, locked in a passionate embrace as we kissed each other fiercely. We, literally, felt onto the couch, our tongues still tied together as our hands groped each other's bodies. Piper and Darren trailed after us, but stopped in the doorway. The young girl's tension had visibly eased throughout the course of the evening, and she seemed genuinely happy and back to her old self. However, like her new man, she currently stared at us awkwardly.
"Uhhh... maybe we ought to leave you two kids alone," Piper told us wryly. She turned to Darren, who was trying not to gape at Amanda, as they held hands. "Want to come back to my place?" Her voice was quiet but hopeful, and the insinuation behind her offer was clear.
Darren, still slightly buzzed, instantly smiled. "I would love to."
Amanda and I paused and immediately looked at each other. I slowly nodded once, and she turned to the young couple. "Stay with us," she told them in an arousing, sultry voice.
"Stay with us," I repeated. I indicated the loveseat across from us with a curt nod of my head. "We have plenty of room, and tonight is all about having fun... and getting to know each other."
Without waiting to see their reaction, I turned back to Amanda and began peeling off her dress. When she was finally sitting naked next to me, I drank in the sight of her stunningly perfect form. "You're so fucking hot, Mandy." It was a coarse, highly unromantic thing to say, but it was the truth.
And Amanda may have been the sweet "girl next door", but few things thrilled her more than dirty sex talk. "I want your fat cock inside of me," she snarled impatiently. "Right now."
That had me instantly burning with lust, and I couldn't tear my clothes off fast enough. "I'll stick it anywhere you want it," I told her as I stroked my penis that was already harder than a rock.
"Mmm...you always know how to treat a girl. I'm so hungry for you."
In my moderately drunken state, I palmed the back of Amanda's head and pushed her towards my crotch. "Then time to eat up, slut." My wife took the hint and happily deepthroated me.
I sank back into the couch, spreading my arms out to either side of me on the backrest as I moaned and indulged in Amanda's expert cocksucking skills. Each time she took me into her mouth felt somehow better than the last, and I could never withstand her oral onslaught for long.
Lost in my bliss, I suddenly remembered that Amanda and I weren't alone.
I looked up to discover that Piper and Darren had, in fact, taken a seat and were watching us intently. The young man's wide eyes were still glued to Amanda, whose head pulsed rhythmically up and down the length of my manhood. But Piper's eyes were on me.
I love you, she mouthed silently.
I felt a wonderful exhilaration as Piper smiled, and realized that everythingwasgoing to turn out just fine. Embolden by that knowledge-- and by the alcohol still in my system-- I grinned devilishly at the beautiful blonde. She laughed as she suddenly turned to kiss Darren. It was their first kiss, and it appeared that it'd be a memorable one as their lips remained attached for a very long, long time. When Piper finally pulled back, it was clear that Darren was smitten with her. He tried to speak, but she placed her index finger on his lips to shush him. Then, giving me a salacious look, Piper slowly sank to her knees, and pulled her man's pants and underwear down to his ankles all in one fluid motion.
Darren groaned euphorically as Piper took him into her mouth.
The living room was filled with the wet sound of lips smacking, of heaving breathing and murmuring, and of Darren and I periodically moaning in delight as the girls sucked us off. I noticed the young man occasionally glanced at us... specifically, at Amanda as she bestowed her magic on my penis.
That, in turn, made me steal glimpses at Piper. Her long blonde hair flapped tossed in the air as she zealously worked her date over, and even though I was several feet away, I could hear her swallowing and slobbering loudly. It was suddenly difficult to pry my eyes away from Piper, and her sexy, youthful enthusiasm made me even harder in my wife's mouth.
It's like they're STILL having a competition!I thought humorously.
With renewed vigor, I stood up and pulled Amanda to her feet. She looked at me with surprise-- Ineverinterrupted her during a blowjob--but was even more stunned when I shoved her onto the couch and quickly positioned her on all 4's.
Drunken lust made me more forceful than I had intended, and Amanda swiveled her head back to cast me an impish grin. "I love it when you're rough with me." I winked as I planted one leg on the floor and my opposite knee on the couch.
Then, without further ado, I drilled my rigid cock into her pussy from behind.
My wife instantly arched backwards. When I heard a sharp intake of air, I quickly grabbed the scruff of her neck and pushed her head back down into the cushions. The sound of skin pounding on skin carried loudly with each one of my long, hard thrusts, but Amanda's cries of pleasure were muffled as her face remained buried.
I looked up in search of Piper.
The young girl was fucking Darren in reverse cowgirl style as he sat slump on the loveseat, and her long blonde hair tossed in the air as she rode her new man wildly. I watched has his stout arms snaked around her trunk to squeeze her firm breasts and regulate her body movements. But Piper was a sexual dynamo, and despite the fact that she appeared so tiny next to my wife's muscular massage therapist, I knew that poor Darren was going to have his hands full.
Amanda was still face-first in the couch, so she couldn't see Piper riding Darren; his view of my wife getting nailed doggiestyle was blocked by our hot babysitter's bouncing body. But Piper and I made eye contact, and we held each other's smoldering gaze as we fucked our respective partners.
The young girl licked her lips suggestively at me, and I blew her a kiss.
I climaxed into Amanda just before Darren released his load into Piper.
The four of us collapsed, exhausted. Amanda's rock-hard figure was hot and sweaty as I held her close, savoring the comforting heat that was emanating from her flesh. We kissed long and hard, and she lay her head on my chest. Across from us, Piper remained on top of Darren, but she was now sitting across his lap. Their heads were huddled together as they kissed and nuzzled noses.
Amanda and I looked at each other, and she grinned smugly. No doubt she was feeling proud about her matchmaking skills!
Eventually, Piper and Darren realized that we were voyeuristically observing them, and they stared back at us with an intensity that rivaled our own. The young man eyed my wife and it was clear that, despite the beautiful young girl sitting on his lap, he still craved my wife desperately. Amanda, in return, spread her legs to show off her pussy that was still leaking my thick white sperm, and rubbed her shaved clit in heavy, circular strokes.
Both DarrenandPiper gaped at her in awestruck appreciation.
For a long moment, the 4 of use regarded each from across the living room as if divided by an invisible line. But Darren was itching to cross that line to reach my wife, resembling a virile young stallion chomping at the bit, and Amanda appeared ready and willing to oblige him. Piper and I looked at each other again, and my heart suddenly longed for her so badly that it ached.
But the plan tonight was to maintain the spark between Piper and Darren, and have them focus on each other.
Fully hard once more, I pulled Amanda on top of me. She instantly seemed to forget about Darren as she impaled herself on my rigid shaft with a loud sigh before our captive audience. I chuckled inwardly as my wife and I had quickly shifted from voyeur to exhibitionist!
Like Darren earlier, I was seemingly helpless as Amanda assumed the dominant position. But unlike Piper, she straddled my body in a traditional cowgirl style and grinded on me hard. As badly as I wanted to pound into her sweet pussy again, I was content to sit back and let my gorgeous, sex-crazed wife do all the work. Amanda's serpentine movements were hypnotic as she gyrated like a stripper on my lap. I glanced around her body and noted that Piper and Darren were making out again, too, and it wasn't long before my wife's lover was fucking our hot babysitter again.
Everything was as it should've been.
However, Piper and I stole furtive, longing glances at each other throughout the rest of the night as we remained with our respective partners.
******
"Are you sure you don't mind, babe?"
"Of course, Mandy. Dimitri is my best friend, and I really want you to go."
My wife snorted. "You just want me to fuck him again so you can get off on it!"
"Well...yeah," I deadpanned. "Time for him to collect another pair of your panties."
Amanda socked me in the shoulder. It was meant to be a playful gesture, but it still hurt!
My best friend Dimitri, whom I had known since grade school, had texted us several days ago, asking if Amanda would accompany him to his work Christmas party. Perhaps he was too embarrassed to attend the function alone... perhaps he wanted to show off by arriving with a ridiculously hot date... or perhaps he just wanted to be with Amanda again. After all, it had been a while now since Dimitri had joined in on Amanda's latest gangbang ["Sharing My wife Amanda Chapter 14"].
Their relationship was profound and deep. Dimitri, like most men, had fallen in love with my wife from the moment he met her, and they maintained an "on again, off again" romance with my blessing. In fact, he would keep Amanda's panties as a trophy each time they slept together, and it had become somewhat of a game between them ["Sharing My Wife Amanda Chapters 5 & 14"]. They were both so dear to me-- Dimitri had, on occasion, been more than just my best friend ["Sharing My Wife Amanda Chapter 5"] -- that I couldn't deny them the pleasure of each other's company.
"How do I look?"
I stared in absolute adoration at my wife, who was clad in the same black dress that she had worn on our double-date with Piper and Darren just last weekend. Rating her asinfinityon a 10-point scale wouldn't have done her justice. "Beautiful..." I breathed vacuously.
"Thanks, babe." She responded girlishly as she blushed.
Piper entered the room. "James is asleep," she announced. Then she eyed my wife, and smiled appreciatively at Amanda's magnificent beauty. "You look sensational, Amanda! As usual. Ready for your date?"
Amanda threw me a wicked grin. "I'm always ready," she responded smugly. My wifeknewthere was much pleasure in store for her tonight, and she brimmed with confidence and excited anticipation. "And are you ready foryourdate?"
Piper checked the time. "Oh! I need to go! Darren will be picking me up at my apartment in 20 minutes!"
In the week since our double-date, Piper and her new man had hit it off fabulously. They were texting each other constantly and had even spent a night together at her apartment. While it still stung to see my young love falling for someone else, Piper was happy and well, and that was all that mattered.
Besides, being married to the greatest woman in the world put things in perspective.
Amanda slipped on her heels, grabbed her purse, and gave our babysitter a warm embrace. "I'm going to head out first. Have fun with Darren!" My wife then turned to me with mock severity. "Try not to lose our baby or drop him on his head while I'm gone."
"Let's hope not," I responded drolly. Then we laughed and touched foreheads together. "I love you, Mandy."
"I love you, too, babe. I'll see you tomorrow morning.
Amanda was casually informing me that she was spending the night with my best friend, and I wasn't expecting anything less. My wife flashed me one final, devastating smile as she excitedly grabbed her car keys, and I suddenly wanted her to stay home.
But she was gone in an instant.
Piper, too, was gathering her belongings to leave, but moved much more slowly than Amanda and appeared to be lingering on purpose.
"Everything ok, Piper?" I asked gently.
She hesitated before answering, "Yes. You?"
I nodded silently, and the young blonde turned and headed for the door.
Just as she was about to leave, I called out, "Piper?"
She spun around with hope in her eyes, but I knew I had to remain resolute. "I'm glad things are going well for you. You seem happy with Darren."
We stood only an arm's length away from each other, and I considered hugging her--wantedto hug her-- but feared it might lead to a kiss... or something more. Piper regarded me with an unreadable expression and opened her mouth to speak, but suddenly turned and left without comment.
I sighed as I closed the door. Even though my son was asleep in his room, I felt alone.
******
James was still sleeping peacefully, and my night had been so uneventful and unproductive that I was reduced to surfing the internet for porn; at the very least, it kept my mind off Piper and her new boyfriend.
Then the doorbell rang.
Who the hell can it be at this hour?I thought annoyance. It was almost midnight, way too late for a solicitor. And Amanda had texted me a picture of her and Dimitri just moments ago, so I knew that she was still with my best friend and accounted for.
The doorbell sounded again, but I couldn't tear my eyes away from my wife's playfully naughty gift to me: she was on her knees giving Dimitri a blowjob as 2 other men lined up behind him, watching intently and clearly waiting for their turn. Someone else had snapped the picture, so it was obvious that Amanda had made some new friends! I laughed out loud.
Collecting her panties as trophies may have been the game that my best friend played with my wife, but sending pictures of herself performing lewd acts on other men was the game that Amanda played withme.
The doorbell rang incessantly for the third time, and I swore. Fearing that the damn noise would wake my son, I catapulted myself out of the chair and stomped to the front door. Boiling with irritation I flung it open, ready to berate whoever was on the other side. But I froze in surprise.
"Piper?"
The girl was dressed very nicely and looked as gorgeous as ever, but her sorrowful expression was in stark contrast. At first, I feared that something terrible had happened before she finally spoke in a hoarse whisper:
"I miss you."
We stared at each other, unable to speak and frozen in place, as tears started to trickle down her pale cheek. Unwilling to suppress my emotions any longer, I held my arms wide open.
Piper, my young love, flew into my embrace, and we held each other close...