"Della, the best place to start is Mon Chalet."
"I've never heard about it. Where is it?"
"It's in Aurora. Less than half an hour away from here."
"Why Mon Chalet?"
According to my colleague, it's an interesting adults-only place. It's a hotel with 12 suites. The outside is unassuming, but each suite is equipped differently. Once we are there, you'll see. There is a spacious main room. It contains a pool, two large jacuzzis, and several other features. Most people are naked in this area. They talk and stay in the pool or whirlpool. Danny told me he went there several times alone and other times with a girl or friends. There is always fun activity there - In the main room and the suites."
She smiled, "The place sounds interesting, but I hope we won't meet people who know us..."
"Della, guests of the facility know exactly what's going on there, so if they attend, they have the same intentions - Sex, sex, and more sex!"
"One last thing. It's your responsibility to take care of safety issues. If there is somebody or something I do not like, I'll give you a sign, and you handle it. OK?"
"Love, but of course. The whole idea is to enjoy. Anything you are uncomfortable with, give me a hint, and I'll stop it."
"Tom, let's go there Friday afternoon."
...
Della was so different than Barbara.
I married Barbara, my high school sweetheart, when I was 21. She was pretty, intelligent, and funny. The only drawback was her lack of interest in sex. Initially, we did it three times a week, and our daughter, Sarah, was born a year later. However, after the delivery, Barbara became less interested in sexual activity, and a year later, the frequency dropped to once every couple of months. My attempts to diversify, buy her lingerie, and talk dirty were fruitless. I stayed married to her for another 10 years because of Sarah, but the lack of sex was too much, and we divorced soon after.
In the following years, I had several short-term flings with women, but nothing serious.
I met Della at a relative's party. After 20 minutes of schmoozing with people I knew, I became bored and went to the less-noisy, darker balcony. I sat on a reclining chair and enjoyed the fresh air. A couple of minutes later, an unknown lady sat nearby and lit a cigarette. She said, "Sir, I hope my smoking does not bother you."
"Lady, I do not smoke, but the breeze shifts the smoke away from me."
She chuckled, "I guess we are lucky then. It's too crowded inside."
We started talking, and I found her very interesting. She loved discussing social issues, literature, history, and... sports. The balcony was not illuminated enough to see her face, and the anonymity made it easier to talk about everything. I found out she lost her husband to pancreatic cancer three years earlier and had two older children living in other states. I told her about my divorce and Sarah. Time passed fast, and the next time I glanced at my watch, it was about 10 pm.
I stood up, "We were never officially introduced. My name is Tom. I loved talking to you. I need to leave, but I'd like to see and talk to you again." I gave her my phone number and left.
I have been waiting to hear from her for five days and almost forgot about her. The following evening, I got a phone call. The name on the screen said Della. I didn't know anybody by that name, so I didn't bother answering. The next evening, Della called again.
I said, "Ma'am, I do not know a Della. It's probably a wrong number."
I heard her laughing, "Tom, it's me, the woman you talked to on the balcony the other day."
"Oh, sorry I disconnected you yesterday. It is nice to hear your voice again. How are you doing?"
We chatted on the phone for fifteen minutes, and then I suggested we meet at the nearby Starbucks. It was the first time I saw her in the light. She was around 40, about 5'4", 120 pounds, with brown, shoulder-length hair and a nice figure.
She noticed me inspecting her up and down and grinned, "Did I pass the visual test?"
I blushed, "Sorry, I didn't mean to be that overt about it..."
She laughed, "It's natural to be curious about somebody we see for the first time in daylight. I did the same, but in a more subtle way. If you care to know, you passed with flying colors."
Her direct approach, easygoing, and unassuming demeanor were delightful. I liked her a lot, and we started dating. The first time we had sex was on our second date. We liked it, and she commented, "Tom, I haven't gone to bed with another guy since my husband became sick. I forgot how pleasurable it could be!"
In the following months, we explored each other's bodies and tried a variety of positions. We found out we both liked almost everything, and sex became our obsession. For months, there wasn't a day without lovemaking at least once, sometimes even three times.
About a year later, we began talking about our sexual fantasies. I told Della that one of my hottest wishes was to have another partner join us in bed. She said her husband mentioned he had a similar fantasy, but he died before they were more serious about it. Della's favorite fantasy was related to exhibitionism. Several times, she dreamt about being naked in the forest and getting watched by anonymous men or being peeked at by a stranger while taking a shower. Each time, it aroused her, and she masturbated to an orgasm.
Next, we went on a week-long vacation to California. I was so struck by her beauty and craving for sex that, on a few occasions, I forgot to close the curtains during our frequent intercourses. I recall vividly one time the large window to our room was open as I was pounding her hard. A young man walked by and saw us naked in bed. He stopped and watched through the window. My first reaction was, 'What a pervert!" But then I remembered Della's fantasy and whispered about the stranger outside. She blurted, "Tom, right now, I want you to fuck me hard. If he likes to see my naked body, and you ravage me, that's fine, but don't stop!" Needless to say, both of us climaxed a VERY short time later. The same evening, we were at it again. When Della was highly aroused, I told her that I wished to call the same guy to join us.
She hesitated and mumbled, "I wish to be thoroughly manhandled. If you want him to participate too, that's fine with me!..." My woman was warming to my fantasy...
When we returned home, twice during our sex, I mentioned to her another guy ogling her body, hoping to fuck her. Both times her answer was similar, "I am too horny to think about it. I want to feel lips, hands, and cocks using my exposed body. Call the whole football team to join us if you want!"
I knew she was ripe to go!...
The next day, I returned from work and said, "Della dear, when you are aroused, you seem to agree to have another partner join us in bed. I think it's time to take the plunge. What do you think?"
She smiled, "Since the first time you mentioned it to me, I tried to imagine how it would feel to have another pair of hands playing with my body. It was frightening at first but exciting later. Thinking about sucking an erect cock when a second one is drilling my pussy made me masturbate to orgasm in seconds. Tom, I am willing to try, but as I said, not all fantasies end up as we hope for, so if I notice things I do not like, I need you to promise me you'll cease everything immediately."
I lifted my hand, "Scouts honor."
"OK, big boy. Arrange it, and we'll hope for the best."
...
I knew the first time was the most important one. I had no plans to leave it to chance. We may pick somebody at Mon Chalet, but it would be an unknown. I wanted a guaranteed success. I had a long talk with my experienced friend Danny and even showed him pictures of Della, whom he had never met before. I asked him if he wanted to join us for a threesome, pretending to be one of the guests. He couldn't contain his enthusiasm, "I'd love to participate in a Menages-a-Trois. Della looks gorgeous. Her luscious lips look perfect for a blowjob. And those tits... I'd like to drown between these two girls! Lucky me, she has never seen me... I'll be there by myself, ogling her perfect body, and let you decide when and how you wish me to participate in your encounter."
I registered at Mon Chalet from Friday evening to Saturday. Della learned about it a day before going there. She became anxious. I bought a six-pack of Budweiser and let her drink one before checking in. We found our suite number 4. It had a large whirlpool, swing, and other amenities. I promised her to try them later, but first, I wanted us to go to the common area.
At 7 pm, there were 15 naked people in the area. Several guests were chatting around the pool, while an older couple sat in one of the jacuzzis and two single guys sat in the other. Della took her time to undress. She was aware of the many eyes watching her remove her clothes. Her exhibitionist fantasy kicked in...
When we were naked, I led her to the jacuzzi with the two guys. One was black, around 50 years old, tall and bald. The other was a 35-year-old white guy with great hair, developed muscles, and a hairy chest. I leaned backward against the ledge and pulled Della in front of me. I positioned her back to me, tilted her head on my chest, and let her float on the surface. Her two beautiful tits protruded above water, and the hard nipples were difficult to miss.
I whispered, "Honey, you look amazing! Both guys are ready to swallow you alive..."
She mumbled, "My eyes are only partially closed. I can see their hungry look. Am I safe?"
"I doubt it. It has nothing to do with these two guys. Seeing you like this, my cock is engorging fast." I pulled her hand back, "Here, touch."
Her palm found my hardening pole, and she grinned, "You are so naughty! You expose me to these two wolves, and you are getting hungry... What am I to do?"
"First, I want to tweak your marvelous tits. It will make me happy and will give them something to think about. Next, spread your legs slightly, so I can finger you and allow the horny boys to see your desired cunt."
Her small hand squeezed my shaft, "Tommy, you are so bad! Hearing your dirty talk makes me horny. What's next?"
"I'll move between your legs and lick your nectar. I am sure part of the wetness has nothing to do with the jacuzzi's water..."
"Tom... The white guy's right hand is underwater. Do you think he plays with himself?!..."
I caressed her tit and pinched it lightly, "I do not doubt it. He looks nice, doesn't he?"
"...he is OK. Your magic hand kneading my nipple is distracting me... Yes, this guy looks more attractive than the other one."
"Good. I'll signal him to come closer and help me touch your body."
"Tom, are you sure?"
"Absolutely!"
...
The guy responded to my stare quickly and approached us.
I looked at him, "Sir, my lady is itching in certain areas of her body. I am trying, but I cannot do all of them. Would you be nice and help me?"
"Sure, man. Where should I start?"
"While I rub her right breast, I'd appreciate it if you could help me with the left one."
He grinned, "I'll do my best." Danny cupped her left boob gently, and her body shivered. He leaned into her and whispered, "Ma'am, don't worry, I'll take care of your fantastic breast like nobody ever did."
He began by softly massaging the firm areola, gingerly advancing toward her sensitive dark nipple. He whispered again, "Lady, it's the most beautiful tit I've ever touched. I intend to pinch your rubbery nipple and then nibble on it."
When his lips met her hard nipple, she moaned. His lips approached her ear, "Your mammary is very delicious. I want to taste all of you. With your man's permission, I'll lick you down, reaching your love nub. You have no idea how aroused I am to be allowed to touch such a heavenly body. I am so hard..."
I gazed at Della, "Honey, this guy is nice and helps you with your nagging itch. Wouldn't you like to make him feel good too? I think a minor hand job will do."
I kissed her red lips and tweaked her right breast harder. She moaned, and her hand slid under the water toward Danny. He moved closer to her hand, and soon enough, her palm enveloped his shaft.
"Lady, I love your touch. It's very gentle. Do you feel how hard you made me? Watching your gorgeous tits and feeling your hand massaging my organ are the best things that happened to me today."
Subsequently, his face moved downward on her body, crossing her navel toward the promised land. When he approached her cunt, her groans increased. She extended her pelvis up toward his mouth, and her legs spread. He moved between her thighs, and his tongue started licking her labia. Her torso shuddered mildly, and her hand pushed his face deeper into her. He began biting lightly on her folds as Della whimpered. Danny inserted two fingers into her pussy and started fingering her tunnel. The whimpers became louder.
I French-kissed her to reduce the noise. Suddenly, she trembled and cried into my mouth. She was experiencing a climax with Danny's fingers deep in her vagina, his tongue lapping her clitty, and my hand pinching her nipple.
Several minutes later, her body began relaxing. Danny moved to her side and munched lightly on her left nipple. Della sighed, "Man, you are killing me... I need something big and hard inside me. Right now!"
Danny pointed at the other side of the pool. I noticed a large bed. He hinted for the three of us to go there and continue our action.
Della was dizzy and wobbled. I helped her get out of the jacuzzi and guided her toward the bed. Her eyes stayed closed the whole time. Danny walked behind us. I laid her on the bed and knelt between her legs. My fingers caressed her cunt. She moaned. Danny knelt by her head. His large palm massaged her forehead lightly, and then his finger traced her straight nose and landed on her lips. She spread them, and his finger invaded her mouth. She sucked on it greedily. He whispered, "Lady, your oral job is fantastic. But my finger is too little for you. Here, try a better pacifier."
He turned her face toward his groin, and his tumescent cock touched her full lips. She spread them and licked the head. Then Della opened her mouth wide and wrapped her lips around his mushroomed head. She gave it a light suck, and it jolted. She smiled and mumbled, "It likes me."
As she gradually took more of him inside her mouth, My erect cock started penetrating her tight pussy. I blurted, "Della, it's time for us to accomplish our fantasy. You are going to be penetrated by two cocks at once. My friend here would love to feel your expert mouth milking him to completion. Seeing you blowing him is my best aphrodisiac. I am going to ram my tool into you fast and furious. Take it!"
I pounded her vagina hard and felt my orgasm was fast approaching.
Suddenly, Della's body jerked, and she began to cry. She underwent a more massive climax than before. Danny's cock filled her mouth to the brim and muffled her screams. He tweaked her poor nipple savagely, fucking her face with abandon. I was about to explode as well. Just before erupting in her cunt I heard Danny growl and his prick pouring his juices into her open mouth.
All three of us came almost at the same time. When I began coming down from my high, I noticed five men ogling us. Two of them were masturbating, too. We rested on the bed for 15 minutes. Della opened her eyes and gazed shyly at Danny, "Thank you, sir, for the pleasure you gave me."
Danny hurriedly answered, "Ma'am, you are the best! It's not a compliment. Your body is the sexiest I've seen in a long time. You taste great, and you suck like a Hoover. Lady, I'd love to join you again if you are still here tomorrow. I'm staying in room number nine. If interested, leave a note under my door with the best time. Thank you, and I hope to see you soon."
...
We got out of the main area. Della was unsteady on her feet. It was a combination of hot and humid air in the main area, not drinking enough water, and a lot of sex... However, she was all smiles. If there is something called afterglow, that was it.
On the way to our suite, I asked her how she felt. "Wonderful. Never better!"
"Would you like this guy to spend time with us tomorrow too?"
Della smirked, "Would you call me a slut if I said yes?"
"Dear, I dreamt about having a three-way with you for a long time. Now that it's becoming a reality, are you concerned about my feelings?"
"Tom, you were right all along. I love to fuck you, but having a third person adds to the possibilities. Yes, I'd like the other guy to join us again."
"Is there anything you'd rather he does NOT do?"
"He behaved very nicely. He didn't force me to do anything I didn't want, and he had the right stamina when I was into him. Letting him set up the pace may be the right thing."
"Della, back in the main area, he was the perfect person for a threesome. The next time we will be here, he may behave differently. I get it - you are ready for vaginal and oral sex. And what if he is into anal sex?"
She smiled, "I thought about it. We had anal sex a few times before. Initially, I was scared to death, but you showed me that being patient and gentle at the start makes all the difference between suffering and immense pleasure. I checked his size, and while the length does not matter much, his girth is like yours, so if he is not going to force it, I'd be willing to try. By the way, I had a blissful dream the other night - I was sandwiched between you and a faceless guy. One of you was in my vagina, and the other was in my backside. The simultaneous back and forth between you led me to a major climax. I woke up soaking wet..."
I laughed, "Della darling, you are turning into a real slut, or the way I look at it - a sex goddess..."
"Thank you, sir."
"When would you like him to knock on our door?"
"I'll sleep until 7:30, take a shower, and then we'll eat breakfast. I'd say around 9:30 sounds good."
"I'll write it on paper and go to his suite to slip it under his door."
I went to Danny's cabin and Knocked on the door. He opened it, and I entered. I sat down and briefed him about the discussion I had with Della. I reminded him everything goes as long as he doesn't hurt her. I mentioned her dream, and his eyes lighted, "I'd love the idea of the two of us fucking both holes, respectively. I've done it twice before, and the feeling was out of this world for all three of us. If it happens, would you like to be in the front or the rear?"
"I'd rather you'd fuck her cunt, and I'd do her anus because I did it before and know what to expect. However, if we have another opportunity in the future, we could switch."
"Deal."
"See you at 9:30 am."
...
I returned to our suite, and Della mumbled, "It took longer than I thought..."
"I stayed out to breathe the fresh air and see the full moon. By the way, do you want to know the guy's name?"
"No. I prefer not knowing any details that are not relevant to our encounter. I find it easier emotionally if I treat him like a tool than a person. Later on, if we think he is worth seeing again in the future, we may need to know more about him, but for now, I'd like fewer details."
We went to sleep at 11 pm.
I woke up at 3 am feeling Della's lips enveloping my pecker. I caressed her hair, "What's going on? You can't sleep?"
"I had an erotic dream; the three of us were having another three-way in the common area, and this time, three additional big guys joined us. They forced themselves on me, and I could not resist. I tried to scream, but one of them had his huge cock in my mouth, and nobody heard me. Initially, it hurt like hell, but later, their thrusts turned pleasurable. I recall climaxing several times during the gang rape, swallowing their cum voluntarily and serving as their cum bucket. It scared me how nonconsensual rape turned out to be that exciting. I woke up very horny. I didn't want to wake you, but I could not resist your beautiful pacifier..."
I laughed, "Honey, that was a very erotic story. Let's get some sleep. In a few hours, we'll sexercise again..." I kissed her lips softly, and we went to sleep.
We woke at 7:30 by our alarm clock. It was a sunny day. We finished showering and breakfast at 9. We arranged the room. Della wore her sheer nightgown, and I had only my shorts on when Danny knocked on the door. He wore short pants and smiled, "Pretty lady, you made my day yesterday. I haven't met such a hot lady in a long time."
He sat on the couch and looked at her. She smiled at him and sat on his lap, "Big guy, if we let YOU choose the next move, what will it be?"
He blushed, "I'd love to see you naked, explore every inch of your perfect body with my hands and mouth, and once you are aroused, fuck you senseless. However, your request counts more than mine, so tell me your wishes, and I'll abide."
Della jiggled slightly on his lap, causing his cock to stiffen. She felt it and chortled, "I feel that your unruly penis is still interested. Let's check him out." She lowered his pants and exposed his erect member, "Oh, hello again, sir. You look hungry this morning. But I'd rather taste you first." She kneeled before Danny, spread his legs wide, and her palm caressed fondly his hairy ball sack. Her mouth opened wide, and half his prick disappeared inside. She bobbed his hard organ while staring at his face the whole time. He started struggling as his orgasm was approaching. She noticed and removed his cock from her mouth, "Cowboy, last night I sucked you dry. Today I want your cock plowing my pussy. You look like a strong guy. Do you mind if I ride you? I am sure Tom will find another hole to use at his discretion."
Danny lay supine with his member pointing to the ceiling. Della crouched over him and slowly descended on his expanded rod. Once it was in all the way, she began riding him with her head extended up and her eyes closed. Danny's eyes were focused on her swaying gorgeous tits, and his hands massaged them lovingly.
I moved in front of Della, spread my legs, and placed my half-mast member in her hungry mouth. She seemed horny, and her mouth milked my cock like there was no tomorrow. It reached its maximal size within seconds. I could barely disengage from her mouth - She was reluctant to let go, but I had other plans. I Moved behind her and gently pushed her upper body forward and down until her breasts were leaning on his chest. This exposed her puckered hole to my eyes. I lubed two fingers with her juices and added spit. I pushed lightly my forefinger toward her sphincter. She expected my action and pushed back against my finger. The finger penetrated without difficulty. I moved circularly, slowly dilating her anus. Two minutes later, I inserted a second finger and did the same. I added lubrication, removed my fingers, and gently shoved my dick in. The spongy head entered without difficulty. The shaft was a different story. Danny's cock occupied her pussy and narrowed the entrance to her bowels. I penetrated patiently and was extra cautious. It took me a long moment until I was deep in her ass.
All of a sudden, Della screamed, and her body convulsed as if she had epilepsy. I caressed her back and kissed her neck to relax her. Her body continued its uncontrolled movements. I peeked at Danny from above and hinted I'd intensify my pounding. He winked at me, and we gradually increased our pace - When one was going in, the other pulling out, and vice versa.
Della's body jerked like a ragdoll between our muscular bodies. She was in the throes of a massive orgasm and didn't show a sign that she was aware of what was going on.
Danny was fucking her cunt fast and hard as his hands were all over her breasts, massaging and pinching her nipples. I matched his pace with my mouth latched to her neck and my thumb playing with her clitoris.
I felt Danny's body extending up as he started cumming in her womb. His groans were very loud. I continued ramming her tight ass for another minute or so and then climaxed while screaming like a wounded wolf.
Danny and I started coming down from our high much before Della. My cock deflated first. I pulled out and watched them. Danny's cock shriveled a moment later and slipped out of her pussy. He gently pushed Della's body sideways and went to the bathroom. I touched her body. She was sweaty and didn't react.
I heard Danny taking a shower when eventually Della opened her eyes. She stared at me and whispered, "Tommy, sex is a beautiful thing. In both threesomes, I was aroused like never before, and at one point, my body was so excited that I felt like I was going to die. But the overall pleasure is hard to describe. The two of you did a great job on me. My endorphins level is sky-high, and without looking, I bet my face shows afterglow..."
I kissed her sweaty forehead, "Darling, you were awesome! You looked so fucking sexy when you sucked the guy and played horsy with him. The double penetration was fantastic."
As I was talking, Danny came out. Della rushed to the bathroom, "Sorry Tom, but I better go first."
Danny and I put on our shorts. I asked him what he thought about Della and the encounter. He looked at me and declared, "That was by far the best sex I've had in Mon Chalet! Della is a sex machine. She loves sex and does everything perfectly. I am jealous of you."
I grinned, "After my divorce, I thought I'd never find the right sex partner, but it seems I found her."
"Are you two getting married in the near future?"
"We talked about it. At present, neither one wants it. Each one has older children who live far away, and we are too old to have children together. Our finances are separate, too. We are free to do whatever we want and do not see a reason to get a certificate."
"That's great. As I said - I envy you."
"Danny, Della has no idea you are my friend. She thinks we met here and likes to keep it that way. If she shows interest in meeting you again, I'll tell her about our friendship."
Della came out of the bathroom covered with a robe with her cheeks pinkish, "Guys, the shower was fantastic and a perfect ending to heavenly sex. Thank you, guys, for the pleasure, but I am exhausted now, so if you excuse me, I plan to sleep for two hours."
...
Before we left Mon Chalet, I asked Della, "Honey, now that we know what is happening here, would you like to return?"
She smiled, "Tom, over here, sex can be accomplished with hardly any limits. I like the idea that nobody judges us and we can do ANYTHING. The ability to choose different partners is attractive, too. YES! I'd like to come again."