Warning: this story contains father-son incest content.
*
Prologue:
An hour or so ago we were in a posh restaurant celebrating our anniversary. Now, I am on our bed wearing nothing but my pink lace garter belt holding up my red toned nylons, my red pumps with the five inch stiletto heels, my gold looped earrings, and my anniversary gift, a gold necklace with an emerald tear drop that now rests in the soft valley between my 35 cup breasts.
As for the rest of this evening's attire, the red silk dress, my pink lace thong panties, and matching pink push up bra are all lying scattered around the room where ever it was I was when I had hastily stripped out of them. As for my lover, his black suit, white shirt, red silk tie, and black thong underwear are equally scattered about the room where he with equal haste and in stages stripped out of as we pawed each other in our lust.
Right now, I am once again on my hands and knees on the bed, my long blonde hair cascading down my shoulder blades like a rippling wave of warm honey, with my 37 inch hips and my ripe, shapely ass presented to him as an invitation to enter yet again.
I can even feel oozing out of my asshole his previous cum load as he sinks his wet hard cock, coated with my saliva, deep into my asshole, to fuck my once again doggy style. My breasts bounce with each of his thrust into me.
One of my delicate hands plays with my engorged hard bright pink nipple, my red painted nails squeezing that bright bud and sending shocks of pleasure into my sex. Between my legs, my own little cock is again hard even after shooting out my previous cum load onto the bed. I tease, fondle and stroke it's full slender two and a half inches with my other hand as he rhythmically fucks me. I murmur, "I love you Daddy" with each thrust into my ass. He responds with panting lust filled breathe, "I love you too, Geri, my precious son."
Chapter One:
Geri:
Hello, my name is Gerry, or as I preferred it Geri, with a little heart for the dot over the eye.
I have deep green eyes and honey blonde hair. I'm now eighteen years old, just five feet tall, I'm a bit small in the bust and a bit broader in the hips, I proud of my hour glass figure so I'll tell you that my measurements are 35-23-37. I'm was short and soft, pudgy is how my mom used to describe me growing up. I never lost that baby fat. Now, I have unusual parents and thus an unusual home life.
You see my Mom was twenty-nine when she met my daddy, Jack. My Daddy was one of those child prodigies computer geeks and was shy and socially inept. At fifteen, he was already finishing college tacking graduate level course. He managed to meet mom and her girlfriend, Martha, at the coffee shop where he hung out to study. Ginny's biological clock was ticking and she wanted to have a child, so when he got a high paying job right out of school and married mom, he was barely just sixteen at the time. Then, she, and her girlfriend and Daddy moved into together.
I realize now that my mom, Ginny was Bi-sexual and her lesbian lover, Martha, was like a second mom to me. They had me shortly thereafter. I'm an only child and the way they lived in separate bed rooms, even I could figure out growing up, that there wasn't going to be any brother's or sisters, since Ginny and Martha slept together and Daddy had his own room. I also realize now that she probably only had man-woman sex to have me, and then I suspected that ended.
I know that on occasions, the three of them would all spend time together and that's when Daddy got some, but I don't think it was intercourse. I think since he was so much younger than the two of them that they could control him and keep him happy doing things that wouldn't get mom pregnant again.
The other thing that was unusual about my home life, besides Martha's radical feminism, was that they were New Ager's and belonged to an Ashram here in the states, obviously vegetarians and lastly they were nudists.
So all growing up Ginny and Martha home schooled me so I was with them all my waking hours while Daddy was busy at work and he worked late hours most of the time, including weekends.
Now, when we did go out shopping and stuff that's when I got to wear all that pretty clothes. They let me choose how to dress and I preferred the girly clothes to the uncomfortable boy clothes. When Daddy was around on the weekends when he got to see me, we never got to go out so he never saw me dressed up. I was usually asleep when he came home from work and on the weekends, we were all naked, or nearly so. So, during the day I always wore girly soft panties, tops, and girly socks even on those occasions when I had to wear pants.
When Ginny and Martha had their periods, they word pretty panties, and of course, when they got dressed to go out they wore all their pretty things. Knowing what I know now, during that time of the month, they always walked around in lingerie, thongs, stockings, heels, and such. It was always warm in the house and wear we lived all year round so it seemed perfectly sensible to be naked or nearly so, all the time at home.
When I was eighteen, I even got to play dress up with Mom and Martha, getting to wear pretty things like what they wore, and even high heels shoes as well. Mom and I were both short and so we said we needed the height of the five inch heels to reach the top shelves.
I was always told, especially by her, that we looked alike. Same hair color and type, long curly honey blonde, I had her pouting mouth and long lashes as well. I have her delicate hands and feet as well.
As I said I was home schooled up until I was old enough for High School. I hated it! I would come home crying every day that year. First off, I had to dress in those ugly baggy boy clothes. I even had to wear ugly and uncomfortable boys white underpants, yuck! No more pretty soft panties or pretty socks, I was forced to dress like all the other boys at school, so I wore just boring bland utilitarian stuff. Worse of all it was because the kids in high school boys made my life miserable. They teased me and called me a fag.
Now, I was very late going through puberty, I don't think it would have started till I was maybe sixteen. Anyway, it was when I was eighteen that I started to decide I didn't really want to be a boy. I liked girly clothes, all my toys growing up were dolls, I like to paint my nails and dress up, I wasn't aggressive or enjoyed sports, except dancing and swimming. On top of all that I might have envied girls because they got to where pretty things all the time, but I found boys to be cute and sexy.
So, I just said I didn't care to be a boy and wanted to be more like Mom and Martha. Besides, my body was more like a girl's anyway. I was soft, and curvy, I had long eye lashes, pouty big lips, small delicate hands and feet, and teeny tiny thing down there. My penis was just barely an inch long and my balls were maybe the size of dimes, if that. I had no body hair. I had a soprano singing voice. I preferred my hair long, it was shoulder length at this time, and I didn't want it cut so I just kept it braided in a ponytail.
I pestered and insistent that I hated High School and I wanted to be treated like a girl. Finally, when I turned eighteen Mom and Martha said I was old enough to make this life choice and so I did. I began estrogen hormone therapy on my eighteenth birthday. So really, puberty and the treatments started up almost at the same time.
Now, that was the year that Mom and Martha became even more involved in the Ashram and talked about one day going to India.
It was when I was eighteen, that's when I realized that Daddy was no longer invited over to Mom and Martha's room for a sleep over. Though they did give Daddy a present, a toy chest to amuse himself with as compensation they said.
As the changes started happening to me and everyone was getting older, the full nudity started to cease. We all started wearing panties and tee shirts, or tank tops or something like that. Daddy, was told to start wearing a thong to cover up his penis, since Mom and Martha said they didn't want to see that hanging around all the time anymore.
So, on Summer Solstice when I was twenty, they were getting ready to go off in a taxi to the airport. They insisted on the taxi, rather than having Daddy take them there. There we all were, Mom and Martha with their few bags of luggage on the front porch waiting for the arrival of the taxi cab, Daddy, drinking a glass of wine. Daddy was wearing a teal colored cotton tee shirt that covered him from the waist up with a matching teal thong. I was wearing my pink kimono and underneath that, I had on pink lace thong panties and a lace bra, of course my toe nails and finger nails were trim, shaped and polished a bright pink.
"Now, Jack and Geri," Mom conspiratorially spoke to us, in hushed an intimate tones. "Listen up. We won't be coming back to the States, however, I'm not divorcing you Jack, so that you will remain true to my wishes for your happiness. While I'm gone, it will be you two all alone. You will need to take good care of each other. You will need to take care of each other's needs. Geri, will just be feeling and coming into his body now and he will begin to feel his hormones calling him and urging him. You need to help him Jack, and see that his needs are met. You have gone solo for too long now. But, now you have a loving partner. Enjoy each other. Teach Geri the pleasures as we have taught you. Through off convention as you have done with your clothes. Alone, the two of you can explore the joys to be found in hands, mouths and yes, the way of anal can be a delight, as I am sure you well know Jack, correct?"
"Yes..."Daddy said embarrassed.
As I heard the word, anal, I thought of Martha's gift, snuggly held in my ass. It was one of the many toys that were kept in the big toy box that Martha gave to me as her parting gift. She said it was their toy chest.
Martha named the toys as I looked through the chest. There were vibrators, dildos, butt plugs, strap on harnesses, and even some double dildos. There were clamps, and restraints, cuffs, and other things for something called bondage play, she told me to ask Daddy about that.
Of course, there were lots of lotions, and lubricants and oils. Martha oiled up a slender butt plug that was about an inch in diameter and about four inches in length with a cute little cut cock head at its tip. She told me she knew I would love these toys, since I always said I enjoyed the feel of a tight thong up my butt.
She had me bend over and spread my legs to present my butt to her as she inserted a lubed finger in my asshole and then a second one. I exclaimed that it felt weird but good. Then she oiled up the plug and slipped it into my asshole. She then slid my thong's fabric back over my butt crack to secure the plug. "How does it feel inside you?" she asked. "Solid and I have to admit, rather pleasant. I like it." "Good, I thought so." She patted my butt affectionately and then kissed me on my cheek. "There, that is my gifts to you. Enjoy them as much as we used to."
The sound of his mom's voice brought me back out of my reverie.
"Enjoy and be good to each other and stop sleeping in separate rooms, share the Master bedroom, now that we are gone. Now one last thing, come here Geri."
I come over to Mom and she takes my left hand. "I'm leaving you this, you always fancied it," and with that she slips on my third finger of my left hand her diamond wedding ring. She is still wearing her simple silver wedding ring, "Now, bye, my loves."
And with that cryptic message off she, and Martha went. I hug them both on final time and cry. I say I will miss them. They made me promise again to take good care of Daddy and obey him in all things. I promise.
Chapter Two:
We said good bye one last time to Mom and her lesbian lover Martha, as they got into the taxi that would take them to the airport and out to India, forever. Daddy, choking back tears, gulped at his glass of wine. Daddy was wearing a teal colored cotton tee shirt that covered him from the waist up with a matching teal thong. I was wearing my pink kimono and underneath that, I had on pink lace thong panties, which held my new butt plug securely in my plump ass, and a matching pink lace B-cup bra, of course my toe nails and finger nails were trim, shaped and polished a bright pink.
As the taxi disappeared, I snuggled up to Daddy, wrapping my arms around him. "I'll miss them."
"Yes, so will I. But, we have each other now," Daddy says as he finishes his glass of wine.
"She gave me her diamond! Don't I look good wearing it?" I ask as Daddy admires it.
"Yes, it looks good on you. Something special to remember her," Daddy says.
"Well, that's not all they left most of their clothes! Obviously, they only packed a bag each. I think it all fits me now. So I will have plenty to remember them by, but yes, this ring is special. Now, I'm going to take care of you, and my first task will be fixing us lunch!"
"Did it get even hotter here?" Daddy says. "I feel way too warm. It's too hot. I'm going to take off this tee shirt. There, that's better. I was feeling so hot. Shall we head inside now?"
I reach out to Daddy and he opens his arms wide and wraps his arms around me. I snuggle up to him and just silently hug him. Feeling the warmth and solidity of him as comfort.
Jack:
Having gotten rid of the tee shirt, I feel better. I'm still wearing the teal thong that contains my coiled four inches and warm ping pong sized balls. The band of the thong also is keeping a silicon butt plug snuggly resting in my ass, as I often enjoyed having something solid up my ass. I learned to like that from Martha. I have this feeling that Ginny and Martha are manipulating me one last time. Their playing with Geri and I, setting us up together. Then there is what she said...Hmm...oral and anal...they want us to be together...But, he's my son...though on the flip side...it would be just innocent fun...no one would get harmed...and obviously no one would get pregnant...
Geri:
I finally go inside and Daddy pours himself another glass of wine. I decide to join him and I struggle as usual to get some wine glasses down from one of the shelves in the kitchen cabinets. "Oh Hell..."
"I can help..." Daddy began to say.
"No, I have a better idea." With that I shot off toward the master bedroom, Mom and Martha's old room, and now might be where Daddy and I would sleep tonight. In the room, I go to the walk in closet wear all the shoes were kept and still were. I pick out a pair of pink, open toed and backless platform shoes with a six inch solid heel. "There, these will do nicely." With practiced grace, I step into them. "It's so good that we were all about the same size." I admire myself in the closet mirrored doors. I slip off my kimono and then impulsively remove my bra as well. Hell, Daddy's only wearing his thong, so I should just relax and get comfortable around him. I check myself out in the mirror. "Now, I will have the added height. How do I look?"
Jack:
I look at Geri, as if for the first time. He has such dainty feet with those adorable pink painted toes, and he wears those heels with confidence and familiarity. He must have done this before and I didn't know it. His shapely legs look very attractive in those shoes. I notice how the thong panty is tightly wrapped around him. It lifts to show off Geri's curved wide hips and his cute bubble butt.
Hmm...do I detect something in his ass? Is he also wearing a butt plug, just like me? That must be Martha's doing. She also enjoyed teaching me the joys of anal, as she called them. Geri has a nice proportionately wide hips, slim waist and to Oh, my! I never noticed, or should I say, I never the opportunity to see, Geri was always carefully covered up before, He has very shapely and perky young breasts, and nice handful. He reminds me of how Ginny looked in pictures he had seen of her at this age.
Oh wow...I never realized how hot my son, this burgeoning Tranny looked. I can easily forget that Geri was a young man and think of him as a very nubile and attractive young woman. Those treatments that they had talked about, he must have actually started them. I hadn't realized that.
Geri:
"Now I can pour us some more wine and start making us a big hearty salad." I purposely feel like being naughty and swings my hips suggestively as I walk past Daddy and head toward the kitchen. I am channeling mom as I recall how she did her 'cat in heat' walk.
Jack: I follow the swaying provocative hips and really nice piece of ass he has into the kitchen. He has such a nice plump butt that is so wonderfully shaped by the thong. I can spot the base of the butt plug. I knew it! I knew had had a butt plug up his ass. I knew it! I wonder how long he has been putting those up his butt?
Geri:
I pour myself a glass of wine and drink it down and then refill my glass as well as refill Daddy's glass. I think this is his third or is it his fourth? I think I, and he, has lost track. He seems a bit flushed. I make our salad and set the table. Daddy asks for some more wine and I pour him another glass. I can tell that the wine is getting to him by now. Daddy finishes it quickly off and I open another bottle and pour him another. I feel the room's heat and it seems to make me thirsty, just like Daddy has been acting. I finish my glass and then I pour myself another. As I am gulping it down, Daddy reports that they are low on their favorite creamy dressing.
"Oh no," I say. "Will have to use it sparingly."
Jack: A wicked memory comes to mind and I laugh out loud. I think the wine is getting to me.
"What? What are you thinking? Spill it."
"Ahh..." I'm embarrassed. "While before you were born, we were a very naughty and playful household."
"Really?" Geri asks finishing off his glass and filling it up again. "You must tell me more. And how does this related to salad dressing if at all.
"Well," I say in a slightly slurred voice. "They used me as their play thing, ordered me around and such. I loved it. A bit of CFNM, getting tied up, being their lap dog, and such..."
"What is Cee Ef aNd Em?"
"Oh that stands for Clothed Female, that was them, and Naked Male, that was me."
"Really. Sounds like fun, go on, get to the dressing part." Geri finish off his glass and has some more, he's seems to be getting a bit tipsy himself especially if he keeps downing the wine like that.
"Well they would often tell me to make my own dressing by masturbating and then using my cream for my salad or more often they tie me up and pump it out of me, use me like a dispenser."
"Masturbating? Pumping? What is that?"
"You've never masturbated?" I say astonished.
"No. Not ever."
"Have you ever looked at you know pictures on your computer or movies or...?"
"No. What kind of pictures? You'll have to show me these." Geri says.
I think he is telling the truth. He is a complete innocent when it comes to sex. I could teach him whatever I choose and he would treat it as perfectly normal. That is an interesting thought. He would consider anything we do as normal. I can feel my cock get hard thinking these very naughty thoughts.
"Daddy, why don't you show me how you made the cream. Can even I do this as well?"
"I suspect you're still plenty of boy to do this. You have really never played with yourself?"
"I've played by myself often, but I don't think I have played with myself in how you are using that word. Is it fun? Do you like doing it?"
"Oh yes. I love doing it. It has been my solace these past years since your mom got older. You've never really done this and shot out a load?"
"No. Really, never...but hmm...cream...is that anything like the whitish sticky stuff I often find staining my sheets and my tummy when I wake up?"
"Yes, you were having nocturnal emissions. That is cum. They would have me eat my own cum, especially since I make so much of it. They enjoyed teasing and humiliating me like that, but it was fun and I liked it."
"Is that stuff really edible?"
"Yeah, sure. It has an odd taste, a bit salty and nutty flavored."
"Well since it was all so much fun, let's do that now and use it for our salad dressing."
"Really?"
"Why not. It's just us." Geri goes to refill my and his, but he has to open up a third bottle to do so. "Do you want me to tie you up, like they use to and use you like a dispenser?"
"That was my favorite..."
"Well okay then."
"But wait, let me get some oil from my bedroom, I'll be right back." With that, I head off to my bedroom. I got to get the butt plug out of my ass, can't have Geri seeing that in me. I pull off my thong, take the plug out, and toss it onto my bed. Then I get the ropes out of my toy chest and some oil and return to Geri, now completely naked.
Geri:
I see Daddy completely naked and it is a bit of a shock for some reason. It is as if I really looked at his whole body, as if for the first time. He is well built, not muscle bound but taunt and trim. I guess it was from all the swimming. He is hairy all over, though not and ugly amount, more like a vine with its tendrils clinging to his form, surrounding his chest and nipples, running down his arms and up his legs, over his belly and then focusing on what was between his legs.
"Oh my...you're enormous!" I burst out.
"You mean my cock and balls, no, not really. I've seen bigger."
"Really? Where?"
"Ahh..." Daddy says embarrassed. "On movies and pictures...not in real life..."he hastily adds, "I'm just about five or so, but do get to be maybe six when I get worked up."
He has big balls as well; bigger than mine that's for sure. More like ping pong balls. I wonder are they heavy or light and airy?
Daddy approaches and hands the rope and lotion to me. "Now I'll stand near the table, and you place the bowl near me. Then you tie my legs together and my wrists together over my head." I follow his instructions. "There, now puts some oil on my cock and you pump it till I dispense the cream out of me."
"You like playing these games?" I ask as I get a bowl to fix our salad dressing in and move it over towards Daddy's naked body. Then I get behind him. I notice a warm tingling between my legs, how my heart is starting to race; I am really getting flushed and excited by all this. I like how my bare nipples feel pressed up against his bare skin. They feel all tingly.
"Yes, I confess I do. I like being dominated and these bondage games."
"So this is a bondage game, Martha mentioned that. Now," I pour some oil onto my Daddy's body just above his cock and let it run over it. It's too much and he has to hastily put down the bottle and grab Daddy's balls to keep it from spilling onto the floor. Wow...he is so soft and yet solid, so warm. They move under my hand.
"Ahhh...that's good," Daddy says with a hushed voice. "Now, stroke my penis."
"You mean like this?" I begin to slide my delicate fingers up and down his now rigid and longer shaft. I press my body against his and I can feel my breasts flatten against his back and my hips and even my own little aroused penis press into Daddy's solid butt. I really like this. It feels good. I encircle all of his hard penis and slide up and down his long shaft. "Is this what you mean by pumping?"
"ohh...yessss..."
He really likes this. His penis is so hard and hot in my hand. My fingers just glide up and down it and it makes his balls bounce as if I do it faster. This is fun and by all the moaning Daddy's making he does like it.
"Oh god...oh god...oh Geri...oh Geri...yes...ohhhhh..."
Daddy's whole body is so warm and his penis feels like its pulsing, he is rocking back and forth, leaning his butt into me.
"Oh Geri...oh...yes...almost...been...so long...ohh...arggh...Here...I...cummmmm!"
With that he begins to erupt and spurt out a thick string of whitish cream that splatters into the bottom of the bowl.
"Don't stop...don't..."
I keep pumping his penis as he rocks back and forth even faster.
"Uggghh...YES!"
Another thick mass of white cream spurts out and falls into the bowl. Then he just dribbles a bit more and his penis goes all soft in my hand.
"Oh...yes...that was...wonderful...thank you...thank you so much," Daddy says sounding all sleepy and exhausted.
"You're welcome. Wow, that was amazing. Look at all this cream. Do you always make so much?"
"Often. Your mom and Martha use to call me a cum machine. I just seem to keep making the stuff. Geri, that was so great, I haven't cum like that in a long time."
"Can I do that?" I ask.
"I would think so. Do you want me to rub your penis to see if you can cum?"
"Yes. Would you do that for me?"
"Of course, but you will need to untie me."
"I'm sorry...of course," I go about doing that. "Do I need to be tied up for this to work?"
"No. It is just an added part of the game, but for this time, I'm sure you won't need it."
"There, you're untied. Now what?"
"Now, I get behind you and you stand near the edge of the table like I was."
"Do you want me to take off my thong?" I ask.
"It will make it easier to touch you."
"Okay." I push the thong off me and it falls to the floor and then my butt plug slips out of my butt and falls to the floor as well. "Oops. I forget about that."
"I thought you had that in you. Do you like how it feels?"
"Yes, I did. Martha put it in me. This was my first time and I did like it. I was even wondering what the larger ones would feel like."
"Maybe next time you can try and see what something bigger feels like inside you. I'll pick it up and we'll clean it up latter."
I wonder if the big one would fit in me. I think there was one as pick as Daddy's penis in the play chest. I stand with my feet very close together, mimicking how Daddy was when he was tied up.
I don't know what to do with my hands, I can't put them behind my back now that Daddy is pressed against me. I just wrap my hands around my chest. Daddy's warm flesh up is up against mine. I could feel his penis stirring and mine was tingling as well as he placed his hand on my little balls and penis. The warmth and touch of his hand makes my penis feel excited. I can feel it growing! Oh my god...I'm getting bigger! "Ohhh..."
"You like my hand on you?"
"Yeesss.." I say in a bare whisper..."oh yesss..." I feel drops of oil dribbling onto my penis and balls. I've never felt like this before...all flushed and excited at the same time. I feel Daddy's big penis pressing against my butt, like it was trying to find a place to go. It is so hard and warm. Oh my. I open my legs apart and his hard penis slips between them, then I close my legs to encase his erection in between my thighs.
My daddy takes my big penis, it's almost three inches now, in his large hands and begins to rub it and run his finger along it. His fingers are about as long as his first finger...ohhhh and it is so hard and hot...ohhhh..."Oh Daddy...oh Daddy...Oh...ohhhhh..."
"You like this?"
"Ohhhh...yes...yes..."
"You've never done anything like this, ever?"
"Ohhhhh...no...I god...I wish this would never end...oh...Oh Daddy! I feel all funny! Excited and like I'm going to to...pee or something...oh no!"
"It's okay, just let it come...don't worry."
Daddy's sliding his hard penis between my thighs as he rubs my penis. I think he likes doing this...oh my...I'm going to pee...I can feel it coming up and..."Oh Daddy! I'm peeing!" I feel a burst of heat and like an explosion coming out of my penis! White stuff like Daddy's is bursting out of me and falling into the bowl. My white cream is mixing with Daddy's.
"Oh! Oh! Oh!" More of it is gushing out. I feel faint and hot and exhausted and amazing and ohhhhh it all finishes spurting out...the cream stops coming out...my penis is getting all soft and tiny again...I can barely stand up and I just melt in Daddy's arms. "ohhhh...thank you...Daddy..." I whisper as I faint. After a moment I recover and Daddy slides his penis out from between my thighs and pulls away from me. My thighs feel a little wet, I think Daddy leaked a bit. I look at our salad dressing bowl, with all the warm white cream in it. "I think we did good. I'm going to add the last of the store bought dressing and then we can eat out lunch."
We sit down still all naked and we eat. I noticed that we both have the urge to play with ourselves as we eat. I assume that is what Daddy is doing since he also has one hand under the table. I know that I like the feeling of touching and making my little penis get bigger.
"Daddy, I will make a list of groceries and then I will place an order to have them delivered, Mom used the same service and she said it was very good and prompt."
"Whatever you think is best, son."
"I really like the salad dressing we made...it is very interesting and I loved making it...can we do this all the time?"
"Of course, what we did was called masturbating, or jacking off, or jerking off. The white stuff, our salad dressing, is called semen, or cum, or jizz, or spunk. We don't have to wait to have salad to do this kind of playing together, you do realize?"
"Really? Silly me, of course. It was so much fun! I would love to do it again, can we do it some more after we finish eating and I clean up?"
"Absolutely. I'm not sure how long it takes for you to recover and be able to cum again. Some guys can only cum once a day. So, don't be disappointed."
"How many times can you cum?"
"To be honest, I don't know. Your mother and Martha made me cum about a dozen times in one day once, they got tired of the game was the only reason we stopped. I seem to be able to just keep making the stuff. I don't know if you inherited that from me or not."
"Will have to see! That will be fun!"