We decided to take up surfing later in life and it's become a passion for both of us.
I always feel like the raw power of the waves feeds my soul.
It had been a long day on the water. I was grateful for the sun as the ocean felt colder than normal.
It was late and I decided to grab a quick shower to wash the salt water off before crawling into our tent. Jen was already asleep, having showered earlier.
Communal showering caught me off guard the first time I walked in and there were women and men rotating into the open stalls. In varying stages of being dressed. It's nothing to see someone in a bra and panties, who only hours earlier were in a wet suit out on the water.
It was late and I expected it to be empty but there was one shower running, the steam rising the wall past shower head.
I grabbed the stall next to it closed the door.
I heard a female voice yell, "how was your day? Any great rides?"
"Absolutely amazing! It was like I couldn't do anything wrong today" I responded.
"Will?"
"Yeah."
"Who's this?"
"Hey, it's Sarah."
Sarah was one of the regulars we met last year and has helped us blend into the local culture.
"What are you still doing up?" I asked.
I was still in the process of getting undressed trying to keep my clothes dry and off the floor. I pulled my boxers down and kicked them into the corner.
"Oh my God" I heard faintly from Sarah.
"What? What's wrong?" I asked innocently.
"I don't know if you know but if you look at the right angle on the joints of the stalls you can get a pretty good look through." She replied.
The thought stirred the voyeur inside me, thinking about this much younger woman naked in the shower next to me.
"Will, I'm sorry but I couldn't help taking a peek while you were getting undressed."
"I'm flattered that you would want to. I am older than you and it's taking me a lot more work to keep myself in shape."
"In my opinion you're doing a great job." She replied.
My temperature was rising, and it was not because of the soothing hot water rinsing over me.
I had to ask, "So did you see everything?"
"Yes. You were facing me when you pulled your boxers off." "Jen is very lucky is all I have to say."
"Thank you again. I'm glad you enjoyed the show" I laughed.
"What would Jen say if she could hear us now?"
"We're nudists so other women seeing me naked is nothing new. I've enjoyed watching other men appreciate her sexy body as well."
Now I couldn't stop thinking about Sarah naked only inches away in the next stall. I figured it couldn't hurt to ask.
"So, you've seen me naked it would only seem fair that I should get a peek at you."
Seconds seem like minutes.
I heard the lock on her shower stall turn.
"Fair is fair, I guess. You can't cover up though. I'd like an unobstructed view myself."
My heart started beating a little faster and I was starting to get a hard on from the thought of stepping out and opening her door.
I turned the lock and had a quick look to see if anyone else had come in. The coast was clear, so I stepped out and asked, "are you ready?"
"Yes, but front or back first?" she asked.
The sexual energy in the room was getting charged.
"Ladies choice. I look forward to both."
I swung the door open and there she was. All 5'9" of her wet and naked. Her arms, legs and head were tanned but the rest of her skin was a pale creamy white from where her bikini covered. She had a cheeky smile as I was checking her out. She rocked her hips back and forth.
"So, what do you think?"
"What do I think? I think you're beautiful!
"If you don't mind me saying but your tits are perfect. I love the contrast between your dark nipples and pale skin and as for your landing strip I think the black hair is a huge turn on." "Your leave it cut quite long. Doesn't it stick out of your bikini bottoms?"
She giggled, "Of course it does. I love to tease. When I'm laying on the beach and stretch out you will see it rise above." "I enjoy the attention."
"I'll bet you get a lot of guys wanting to catch a better look."
"Has Jen ever told you that you have a magnificent dick? I mean its almost perfect. What are you about 5-6 inches? But it's the how thick you are. Most guys are not blessed with that kind of girth."
I smiled. "She has repeatedly actually but thank you for the boost to my ego."
"Ok, so I have enjoyed the view from the front I think its time for you to turn around and complete the deal."
"A deal is a deal."
She turned around and flexed her ass muscles that were accentuated by her lean muscular legs. She had soft rounded hips that you just want to hold on to.
"So, what do you think of the rear view?" she asked.
"Spectacular but I think you dropped something."
She looked over her shoulder and gave me a wink.
"It seems as though I have."
She slowly bent forward at the waist letting one hand slide from her hip across one of her perfect ass cheeks and down her thigh. She then took one step to the side and gave me a show of her lovely pink pussy.
She stood back up and said, "Your turn."
"What really? I didn't think women were into that view of guys. Well except my wife of course but she has to say that."
"Hell, yes, we're into it. Most women don't have the balls to ask for what they want. Why wouldn't we want to check out every inch of you as well?"
I turned around and could feel my hamstrings stretch as I lowered my hands to the floor.
"Well done. Most guys can't stretch that far. You into yoga?"
"Actually, we do most mornings to keep flexible for the water."
"Your balls looked great pressed between your lean thighs."
I stood back up and turned around.
"Well, I guess that's it. This was a lot of fun and once again you have an amazing body. I'm going to head back and finish cleaning up."
With a pouty lip and a little wave, she winked as I closed the door to her stall.
I was only in a minute when she called out, "any chance you would clean my back for me?"
"Are you serious?" I asked.
"It is impossible to reach, and it's been forever since I have had someone to give me a hand."
I knew where this was heading and part of me wanted to finish up and yet part of me was telling me to get my ass in her shower and give her a hand.
Jen and I have a semi open relationship. We're both very sexual and agreed a long time ago that if random opportunities presented themselves that we should go with what feels right. The only caveat being that we would have full disclosure to the other after the encounter.
"So, are you going to help a poor sandy girl out or not?"
I shut my shower off took a deep breath and prepared to go shower with this beautiful young woman. There would be no hiding my ever-bulging dick, but she knows the game she's playing.
I opened her shower door. She was standing there holding her body wash for me. Her eyes went straight to my hard on.
"Dam" was all she could muster.
I walked over touched her hip and told her to turn around.
"Give me the soap." I instructed her.
She turned around and I had to stand back a bit so my dick wouldn't press against her ass cheeks to soon. I took a big squeeze of soap and started washing her back. Giving her a nice massage in the process. Her muscles were firm and toned and slid easily under my soapy touch.
"That feels amazing Will. You're good at this." "Go a little lower if you like."
I ran my hands down her sides and on to her hips. I gave them a little squeeze and pressed my hard dick against her. I could feel her press back against me.
She gave a soft moan as I ran my hand between her ass cheeks. I gently massaged up and down making sure she enjoyed every stroke.
She spread her legs apart and said, "now you have to wash all the way down."
I could tell it had been a while since she has had any kind of sex. Her pussy was swelling and very wet which made me even harder. I gave her pussy a nice long tease before I knelt behind her and washed her legs. I could feel her legs shaking as I removed my fingers from her pussy. I gave her toned legs a good wash and could not take my eyes off her ass that was right in my face.
"I'm going to do something and tell me right away if you're uncomfortable with it ok?"
"You can do anything you want. You've already made me cum once. I'm all yours."
I pulled her hips back and spread her cheeks exposing her cute little pink hole. I ran my fingers gently across it a couple times before sliding my tongue right down the center. She would hold her breath every time I crossed her hole.
"Fuck Will if you keep doing that I'm going to cum so hard again. You might need to hold me up, ok?"
I didn't need any more direction. I focused my attention by flicking back and forth over her that sexy little pucker hole. It was only seconds before she came again. I grabbed her hips and motioned for her to turn around.
"Oh my God what now she moaned?"
I pulled one of her legs up and over my shoulder giving me direct access to her very wet pussy. I bit the soft skin on her inner thigh before sticking my tongue in the deep warm soft spot over the opening in her pussy. She tasted soapy, salty and sweet all at the same time. I love the taste of a satisfied lover. I found her swollen clit and sucked it in my mouth, teasing it with my tongue. She was squeezing my head with her thighs with a hand full of my hair pulling me in deeper. I took advantage and enjoyed sucking on the soft tender folds of skin between her legs.
"Enough, I can't wait any longer. I need to have you in my mouth now!!" she commanded me.
I stood up and leaned against the shower wall as the water poured over head. Sarah knelt in front of me and wrapped both of her soft hands around my extremely hard dick! There was no teasing involved. She opened her mouth and swallowed as much of me as she could fit. She gave me a couple good sucking strokes and I could hear gag on the last one as she tried to force me all in. Her hands moved around to my ass using it to pull me in with each stroke.
She stood up putting her hands on my chest. Lifting herself up on her tip toes gave me the sweetest tender kiss.
"It's time to see if I'm enough woman to handle that beast between your legs" she purred.
"Front or back?" I asked thinking about that cute little ass of hers.
"I would love you to stick that in my ass and make me cum again, but it's been a long time since anything has entered me except a well lubed finger and with how thick you are I'm afraid I'd struggle riding my board for a week" she giggled.
I turned her around and pulled her hips back lifting them so I could get into position. I rubbed my soft swollen tip against her pink lips. I parted her ass cheeks and gave it a couple glancing strokes to tease myself even more. The view of her pale ass against her tanned back was stunning.
"Quit teasing and let me feel you already! Just go slow its going to a stretch for me to take you all in the first couple strides."
I ran my hand down her back, dragging my nails across her skin. I grabbed her hips and with a playful slap on her ass I slid the end of my dick into that warm wet pussy I've been craving since I opened her shower door.
She gasped and held her breath as I pulled it out and slid it in a little farther with every push.
"Fuck you feel good" she moaned.
"I'm not hurting you, am I? I could slow down if you need me to."
"Hurts so fucking good! Don't you dare stop. I want to feel all of you."
I grabbed her hips and slid myself all the way inside her tight little pussy. As my hip bones reached her ass, she pressed me against the wall forcing every inch of me in. Her pussy felt like a velvet glove with a firm grip. She started rocking her hips from side to side. I could feel the stirring in my balls that I was close to unloading.
"Careful. Careful you're going to make me cum if you keep doing that."
She stopped. "You're not allowed to cum until I tell you, you can understand?"
"Alright I'll play along but don't tease me to long."
"I couldn't if I tried. I can't wait to feel you explode. I'm just not sure where I'm going to let you."
She leaned forward and I slid out of her with, exhaling deeply as she released her grip.
"I want to play with it for a minute before I finish the job. I can't get over how thick you are. I could play with you for hours massaging this soft purple tip with my fingers and lips."
"That's not helping. I'm so close this is torture" I pleaded.
"Fine......."
She got back down on her knees, grabbed me with both hands again and rubbed the tip across her pouty lips.
"What were you hoping for? Pussy, mouth or ass? I might change my mind last minute."
She had the most devilish grin. She knew the pressure was killing me and I would have jerked myself off to just to feel the release.
"I would love the feel of your pussy and my hands on your ass as I unload but I like your choice better. This was I can watch as you try and take it all in. Now enough games. Finish me already!"
She opened her mouth looked up into my eyes and took me in again. I could feel her teeth drag across the bottom of my dick. She started stroking my balls and gave me a very aggressive blow job. I could only last seconds before that hot feeling flowed through me. My knees started to shake.
"Fuck I'm cumming." Was all I get out.
I felt the first wave explode in her mouth.
She hummed while trying to swallow it all before the next wave began. I could see my juices pouring from the sides of her mouth. She finally pulled back to take what she had. She continued to stroke me, and another wave sprayed across her tits.
"That feels great, all warm and silky on my skin.""
I braced myself trying to catch my breath while Sarah continued to wipe it off her tits, licking her fingers.
"That was the sexiest shower I've ever had" she said seductively.
"I've had some very hot encounters with Jen but that's right up there with the best. You know I must tell her all about what happened. We don't keep any secrets. It's the only way our relationship has lasted so long."
"Will she be mad do you think?" Sarah asked.
"No not if I tell her. We get off on hearing when random encounters happen to each other. Normally ends up with us having heated sex to celebrate!"
"I should really go; she's a sleep and I'll have to wake her tonight."
Sarah walked over and gave me one last kiss and grabbed my dick one more time.
"It was a night to remember. Thanks, Will. Like I said, Jen is one lucky woman."
We both rinsed off and I quickly dressed and headed to the tent.
I undressed and crawled in, curling up beside my love. She was awake which surprised me.
"So how did you enjoy your shower? Little Sarah is sexy, isn't she?"
"How did you..." was all I could muster.
"Relax big guy. Sarah and I have been setting you up for days."
"What? What do you mean?"
"She was relaxing on the beach when I ditched my board and sat down beside her. I saw her little landing strip and one conversation led to another. We started talking about guys we've been with and naturally I had to tell her about your gifts which led me to showing her some of the pictures I have of you. I swear the poor girl was drooling." She laughed.
"So, you offered me up to another woman?"
"She needed to get laid, and I knew you would enjoy her body so why not? I'm secure enough to know you'll always come home and maybe this takes us to a whole new sexy level of playing."
I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
"I guess I owe you all the sexy details now."
"You don't. Sarah does. I want to hear how she enjoyed fucking my husband and his thick cock. Now get your face between my legs. I've been laying here all turned on thinking about you."
"Your wish is my command my queen."