[All characters are over 18 years of age.]
After warm good-byes with Katia and Sven, and promises to keep in touch, Heather and I were on the train to Bruges, Belgium
We found a room in a centuries-old inn that was walking distance from the town's main square with its tall bell tower and all sorts of shops, restaurants, and pubs on all four sides. We did the typical tourist things, exploring all the little side streets, and even took a boat ride on the canal that cut through the quaint city.
We had lunch on the plaza, enjoyed some decadent desserts, and scoped out a pub that looked like it would be fun later in the evening. We then went back to our room, and made tender, relaxed love before drifting off to sleep in each other's arms. God, how I love that woman! A day ago she had been a wanton slut sucking cock and getting fucked in front of a room full of horny men and women, and today she was making love to me and cuddling like a shy and demure housewife.
When we made it back to the pub to have dinner it was more crowded than we expected and we were lucky to find two seats at the bar. We each ordered food and a drink, and then looked around the room at the clientele. Some people were quite obviously tourists based on how they were dressed and the backpacks they carried with them. But it looked like the locals liked this place, too.
Eager to continue oursexpeditionadventure in Bruges, we hoped that the pub would be a good place to meet a local couple that we could hook up with. To that end, Heather had dressed to impress in a one-piece dress with spaghetti straps, a plunging neckline, and no bra. She also wore tan-colored stockings held up by a black garter belt, and no panties.
The dress had a narrow belt around the middle, and Heather could hike the dress' hem to any height she wanted, and then let the fabric of the top of the dress fold casually over the belt. The height she chose just barely covered the tops of the stockings while she walked. When she slid up onto the stool at the bar, the hem rode up a little farther, and she made no attempt to pull it down.
Sideways to the bar and facing each other, she had one of her sexy, stocking-clad legs between my legs and was rubbing the inside of my thigh with her knee. After we ordered, she swiveled her stool so she was facing the rest of the room, and looked around as if she was searching for someone she knew.
In the mirror, I watched some of the patrons who had obviously taken notice of Heather when we walked in, now take much more notice. With the barstools being a bit higher than the chairs at the tables or the benches at the booths, I was quite sure that many of the folks sitting there had a clear enough view up Heather's skirt to see that she wasn't wearing panties. I hoped that would pique some interest in one or two adventurous, open-minded couples.
When our drinks arrived she swiveled back toward the bar, but I continued watching in the mirror. I saw one woman lean over and say something to her male companion. She was staring directly at Heather's ass as she spoke, but her expression made it seem like her comments were derogatory--probably calling Heather a cheap slut--and they soon got up and left. The guy took a couple of glances back as they left, probably not having the same desire to leave as his partner.
Another couple in a booth were also staring at Heather and talking. There was a lot more smiling going on in the conversation than with the other couple, and it even appeared that the woman was nudging the man to get up and come over to us. They were an attractive couple, probably forty-ish, like Heather and me, but they were obviously tourists, also like Heather and me. I had really hoped that we could hook up with a local couple, like Katia and Sven.
Just as the guy was beginning to slide out of the booth, a deep voice on the other side of Heather said, "Hello. It's a pleasant surprise to see you again so soon. Heather, isn't it?"
We both turned and looked up at a handsome black man about six-two, and like Jimmy Dean's "Big John" he wasbroad at the shoulders and narrow at the hips. We both had to fight back a laugh at the French-accented English coming out of this guy who looked like he belonged on an American football team.
"Um, hi," Heather said to him. "Do we know each other?"
"I doubt that you noticed me with all that you had going on," he answered, "but I was in Amsterdam last night and caught your act at the amateur club. I've known Katia and Sven for years."
"Oh, I, um ..." Heather stammered, not expecting to ever meet up with anyone who had watched her eat cunt, suck cock, and get fucked on stage. Quickly recovering, however, she said with a wide smile, "Well, I hope you enjoyed the show as much as we enjoyed putting it on."
"Oh, I did!" he said. "I couldn't wait to get back to my room and jerk off watching the video I took of Sven fucking your cunt while your partner here ate you out." He extended his hand and added, "I'm Mark, by the way; pleased to meet you."
"Luca," I replied as I shook his massive hand. "This is my girlfriend, Heather."
He smiled at Heather, and said, "And I certainly enjoyed the little show you just put on here. I was sitting over there and had a great view of your naked pussy. Now, I'm wondering if the two of you would be interested in putting on a more private show." He certainly cut right to the chase!
"How private?" I asked.
"Just me," he replied. "At my apartment."
"What kind of show are we talking about?" Heather asked, obviously intrigued.
"Participatory," he answered with a wide, bright smile. "I would really like to fuck you, Heather. After watching you flash your pussy to a room full of strangers, I thought maybe that's why you'd come here."
"And you'd be right," she said. She turned to me, and asked, "What do you think?"
What I thought wasHell yes!It has been a fantasy of mine to see Heather take on a BBC for a long time, and if Mark's dick was in relative proportion to his body it would fill that bill--and Heather's pussy--beautifully!
I had just begun to answer when Mark interrupted, asking Heather, "Is he your cuckold?"
"What?" she said, spinning around to face him. "No! Luca is not acuckold!" she snapped. "He is the most loving, caring man I've ever known! I would never doanythingbehind his back or that he was not totally on board with!"
"I'm actually very happy to hear that," he said with a grin. He took his wallet out of his pocket, and as he slid five hundred Euro notes out of it, he looked at me and said, "But as a professional actor, perhaps you couldplaythe part? Taking the wife of a cuckold husband is a very arousing fantasy for me."
"Really?" I said having never even considered that as a fantasy. But then when I thought aboutmyfantasy of watching him shove his big black cock up my beautiful girlfriend's tight white pussy, I had to admit that arousal is in the eye--and the mind--of the beholder. Who am I to judge?
Picturing myself sitting in his apartment jerking off while he fucked my sexy wife, I wasn't sure what the difference would be between being a horny, perverted boyfriend and a cuckold husband except for the name ... and five hundred Euros.
"Sure," I finally answered. "I think I can play that part." To Heather, I said, "Are you okay with it? You think you can play a convincing cheating wife to my wimpy husband?"
"Oh, yes!" she said. "When do we start?"
"Right now," Mark said as he pushed the bills across the bar to me. He then leaned down and whispered something into Heather's ear.
She smiled, swiveled her stool toward me, and as I put the bills in my pocket, she picked up my drink, handed it to me, and said, "Go find another place to sit,hubby. My new friend wants to sit there next to me." She then added a wink, and silently mouthed,I love you!
Her command and the demeaning tone she used when she called me "hubby" took me aback for a moment, but then I realized that Mark must have told her to say that. He apparently wanted to see her dominate me as part of his fantasy. Again, not something I had ever fantasized about myself, but I was willing to try anything with my sexy, gorgeous girlfriend.
"Okay," I said meekly. "Is it ... is it okay if I watch you?"
"You'dbetterwatch!" she replied quickly immersing herself in her role. "Maybe you'll learn something!"
I found a seat on a bench that ran along the far wall. There were little cocktail tables spaced out along the bench, but none where I found my seat, so I sat with my drink in my hand watching Mark and Heather as "instructed."
As they chatted he placed his big hand on her back, and gradually lowered it until he was cupping her rounded ass as it perched on the barstool. She had her hand on his leg, gently sliding it back and forth.
They ordered another drink, and then he moved his hand to her leg, with his fingers draped over and caressing her inner thigh. He was moving it back and forth from her knee to where it was pushing up her dress, and I'd have bet money that he was tickling her pussy lips with his little finger.
The movements of her hand suggested that she was tracing her fingers up and down a bulge in his pants. I had a bulge in mine, as well, but apparently, not like his.
At one point I watched Mark reach over with his free hand and flick one of Heather's protruding nipples with his finger. She pushed her chest forward, encouraging him, and he took the fat nub between his finger and thumb and pulled on it.
Heather closed her eyes and sucked in a long breath as she dug her fingers into his bulge.
This attention from a big, handsome, black stranger would have been plenty to get my wife's pussy humming, but I'm sure that the fact that he was doing it in public made it all the more erotic for her. It sure as hell did for me, and my boner generated a big wet spot in my pant leg to prove it.
She then opened her eyes, said something to him, and then they both threw back what was left of their drinks. She turned to me, spreading her legs so that I--and anyone else in line--could see the wetness of her naked pussy. She then crooked her finger telling me tocome here.
I walked over and Mark turned on his stool so he was sideways to me, but Heather remained facing the room, with her legs provocatively spread.
She took my hand and placed it on the bulge in Mark's pants, closing my fingers over it. She then slid my hand up and down its length. "That's what a real cock feels like, hubby," she said to me. "We're going to leave now so that I can see what a real cock feels like up my cunt. You pay for our drinks and then you can follow us. If you don't get lost I'll let you watch him fuck me while you play with yourself."
If I had been a real cuckold, I would have been humiliated to have my wife force me to feel her lover's stiff dick in public and then have her talk to me like that where the other customers could hear. (I know they did because a couple of them turned to look at me.) Knowing it was all an act--and having gotten over my stage-fright by giving Sven a blowjob on stage--it was hot as hell to me, and my entrapped dick pulsed and enlarged my wet spot with another surge of pre-cum.
I paid as quickly as I could and hurried outside to see them standing a little ways away in a tight embrace, kissing passionately. As they kissed, Mark cupped Heather's amazing, round ass in his big hands and pulled her tightly against him, no doubt grinding her pussy-mound against his big black boner.
I followed them at a distance in keeping with my role as cuckold. We walked in the opposite direction of our room, and then up to a second-floor walk-up apartment (what in America we call the third floor). It had a small balcony that looked out over the square. Mark must have been a fairly wealthy guy; this location had to be expensive!
The building was probably several hundred years old, but inside it was posh and modern. When we got inside, they went out onto the balcony and continued their public groping and making out where anyone below who happened to look up could see Heather's dress hiked up around her waist and the white globes of her ass being squeezed by massive, strong, black hands. I stood in the middle of the living room and watched from the other side.
After a good deal of kissing and tongue sucking Heather turned to me, and said, "Take off your clothes, hubby. I want to see how hard your little pecker gets while you watch me getting fucked by Mr. Mark's big black cock."
To a real cuckold this would have been a demeaning command, but Heather knew about my BBC fantasy, and I know she wanted me to be able to enjoy it by having the freedom to jerk off as she took Mark's fat cock up her cunt. Did I mention how much I love that woman?
As I quickly began to peel my clothes off I asked her, "Will it be okay if I ... you know, ejaculate?"
"You mean jerk off while you watch a big black dude fuck your wife?" she replied in a near snarl. "Do you think that will make your little pecker want to squirt its cum?"
"I, um ... yes, I think it probably will," I answered in humble cuckold-ese. Then I added, "Please?"
"Frankly, hubby, I don't give a damn what you do with your little pecker as long as you don't bother us," she replied in well-acted bitch. Then something caught her eye, and she walked to a side table where she picked up a martini glass. She held it out to me, and said, "Jerk off in here; I'll want to see you drink your cum when Mr. Mark and I are all done."
Standing there naked with a raging, drooling hard-on Heather then told me, "Takemyclothes off, now, hubby. Show Mr. Mark what he has to look forward to ... and what you've been trying--unsuccessfully--to satisfy all these years." She really did have the bitch part down pretty well. I hoped that "Mr. Mark" was appreciating it.
Undressing her didn't take very long. I unfastened Heather's belt, and then lifted the hem of her dress up over her body. She now stood there in front of her soon-to-be lover naked except for her garter-belt and stockings.
"Should I take those off, too?" I asked meekly.
"Ask Mr. Mark what he'd prefer," she told me.
"Mr. Mark, would you like me to take my wife's garter belt and stockings off?" I asked him
"Hell no!" he said.
Heather smiled, and told me, "Now, take Mr. Mark's clothes off."
I unbuttoned his shirt, pulled its tails up out of his pants, and from behind I spread it off of his wide shoulders and slid it down his arms. As I folded it neatly I looked at his broad, muscular back while Heather traced her fingers over his pecs.
Heather backed away, and I then moved around in front of him and got a view of his big hairless chest and his six-pack abs. Jesus! This guy was built!
As he and Heather watched, I unfastened his belt, then his button, then I pulled down his fly. I had to pull the waist of his pants open and push them backward to get them to go down over his hard, round ass.
As I maneuvered his pants over his ass his pubic hair and the root of his cock came into view in the V of his open fly. His patch of hair was short, tight, and curly. The root of his cock was massive!
I kept sliding the pants down watching as more and more of his cock came into view. When it was finally free of his pants I was in a squatting position in front of him with his dick only inches from my face.
He stepped out of the pants and as I folded them I looked at his now-naked body. He was like a Greek statue that had been chiseled out of some dark, exotic stone instead of marble. I say that he was black only to denote that he was of African descent, but in reality, his skin was a smooth, deep shade of brown ... except for his cock, which was, in fact, nearly jet black. And unlikemyboner, which stood straight out in anticipation of one of my most horny fantasies coming true, his hung down in front of him.
Even in its semi-flaccid state it had to be ten inches long, and was already fatter than my cock was in its fully-inflated state. I noticed, too, that like Sven, he was uncut, and a little tube of wrinkled black skin was hiding his cock-head.
I'm sure that Heather noticed me staring at Mark's cock, and having recently broken through the bi barrier, she had to know how curious I was about it.
"Get on your knees, hubby," she commanded me. "Get Mr. Mark's big black cock hard for me." As she spoke, she grabbed a pillow off the sofa and tossed it at Mark's feet. She's always looking out for me!
On my knees, I reached out and wrapped both of my hands around the big hanging dick and began slowly sliding its sheath of black skin up and back. In his cock's non-erect state, the skin moved freely, and I lifted his dick up so I could see its hidden cock-head when I stretched the skin back.
As I pushed back, I watched the wrinkle of extra skin at the tip stretch taut and slowly reveal his shiny knob. Fascinated, I kept pushing until the ring of now-tight skin slid past the ridge of his cock-head.
I don't know what Heather thought, but I was surprised when Mark's dick-head came into full view six inches in front of my face.
The first surprise was that although the rest of his big cock was as black as night, the head was as white as mine was. Next was that his cock-head was so small. Which is not to say that it was actuallysmall, just that it seemed out of proportion to the rest of his massive member ... and to my imagination.
I had envisioned a big purple plum with a huge ridge on the end of such a big dick. Mark's was more of a bullet-nose tip. It blended back into the rest of his cock making it look like a sleek, fat missile. The lip behind his dick-head was so small that when I pulled his foreskin back that far, it filled the groove and made the whole thing look even more streamlined.
Even his pee-hole was a surprise. I had imagined a fire-hose opening I was going to be able to wiggle the tip of my tongue into, and instead, it was a closed little slit.
Still, it fascinated me, and a second before I was going to do it on my own, Heather told me, "Use your mouth, hubby! Suck on Mr. Mark's big black cock while you stroke it! I want that monster to be hard, fat, and wet when he shoves it up my cunt!"
Playing my cuckold part, I looked up at her with sorrowful eyes, then opened my mouth and leaned forward. I started by lapping all over his cock-head which was more firm than Sven's had been. It was also completely wet with his pre-cum which had apparently been drooling out while his foreskin still enclosed the little knob. I sucked on it and closed my lips over the wrinkle of skin that gathered behind his ridge. At the same time, I began stroking the rest of his cock with both my hands.
As I sucked, lapped, and stroked, his already impressive dick grew in length so that I could no longer slide his loose skin back and forth, and in fact, it pulled the last wrinkles back away from his knob's lip so that I could now trace my tongue around the groove. I swear that the thing grew two inches in length as I worked on it!
When I pushed forward to get as much of it into my mouth as I could, I found my jaw hurting before his bullet-nose cock-head poked me in the throat.
I have to say that I'm glad my bisexual curiosities were first explored with Sven's more normal-sized cock. If Mark's BBC had been my first experience, having my jaws spread to the point of discomfort and having so little for my tongue to play with might have disappointed me to where I wouldn't have tried it again. As it was, I now had anI'll try anything onceattitude.
I backed off a bit and went to work with my lips and tongue on his cock-head as I slid my hands lightly up and down the dry skin of his dick.
Apparently, Heather noticed the dryness, too, and she told me, "Lap Mr. Mark's big black dick, hubby! Spit on it and get it nice and wet to jerk him off!"
I lapped the length of it, but halfway between his cock-head and his pubic hair my tongue went dry. I had to pull together a mouthful of spit and drool it onto the shaft before I could keep going. After three more drools, I finally had the black monster wet enough to jerk it off, full length, as I went back to sucking its pointy tip.
He let out a deep moan as I felt a drool of pre-cum escape his pee-slit and coat my tongue. I sucked to get as much of his warm-up juice as I could, and swished it around to get its taste.
Having now tasted my own, Sven's, and Mark's, it seemed to me that there was little difference in the taste of pre-cum. I was going to have to wait a while to see if his cum tasted differently from mine and Sven's. I was looking forward to sucking what I expected would be a big load of hot splooge from Heather's gaping pussy when he got done fucking her.
As I worked on Mark's dick-head and two-hand stroked his cock, Heather moved up close and began kissing him, sucking and biting his big lips. I looked up to see them flicking their tongues together, and was amazed to see how long and fat his was. Heather parted her lips and he pushed his tongue into her mouth like a wiggling dick into a pussy. I could see Heather's cheeks hollow as she sucked on it. I'd have been willing to bet that he was tickling her throat opening with its tip.
Still sucking and lapping Mark's bullet-nose cock-head, I switched to a one-hand jerk, and ran my other hand up the inside of Heather's gorgeous, naked leg. Six inches from her pussy I felt a trail of wetness that led to her drooling cunt. Just as my fingers touched her drenched, pussy-lips, she reached down and slapped my hand away.
"My pussy is for Mr. Mark!" she scolded me. "If you need to play with something, hubby, play with your own little pecker!"
With the smell of her hot, wet cunt inches from my nose, a drooling cock-head in my mouth, and my hand stroking up and down the massive BBC that was soon going to be stuffedintothat hot, wet cunt, I did exactly what she said.
I wrapped my free hand around my stiff cock, smeared the pre-cum it had been leaking down its length, and began to jerk off.
Suddenly, Heather lifted her stocking-clad foot and knocked my hand away from my boner. "Save some of that for when Mr. Mark is fucking my cunt, hubby. It'll give you something to do while you're watching his big black cock stretch my pussy open!"
I looked up at her, and she gave me a wink and a smile. She was right; I did need to hold myself back and go for the long build-up. It would make that eruption so much more intense when I did blow my load into the martini glass. Even while playing her cuckold she was looking out for me. What a sweetheart she is!
Heather then put her hand on my forehead and pushed me back, disengaging me from Mark's cock. She looked at him, and said, "I assume this place has a bedroom?"
With a big black hand on the back of her head, he pulled her back into their kiss, and then with their lips locked and sucking, he scooped her up, turned and headed down a short hall. I got up off my knees and followed with my raging boner pointing the way.
He set her gently on the end of the big king-size bed and then sank to his knees in front of her. He took her feet and placed them on his shoulders, lifting and spreading her legs, and exposing the soft, drenched folds of her pussy.
She propped herself up on her elbows so she could look down at her own naked and spread crotch, and then said to me, "Go get your phone, hubby. I want you to take pictures of how a pussy is supposed to be eaten. Maybe if you study them enough you'll get a clue."
How stupid of me to not think of grabbing my phone to take pictures! And how brilliant of her to remind me while keeping me in my place as her cuckold for Mark's benefit. As I ran back out to fish the phone from my discarded pants pocket I felt disappointed that Heather hadn't snapped a few photos of me on my knees sucking and stroking Mark's BBC. I needn't have worried, though; the night was far from over.
I decided to take stills rather than video. Although I certainly like a good porn movie, there's something about stills that I like. Maybe it's because when I was in my teens, men's magazines were all I had access to for jerking off, and there's a nostalgic component to the frozen images. They also take up less memory, and they're far easier to crop and edit.
When I got back to the bedroom, camera in hand, they were in the same positions. Heather looked at me, and said, "What do you say to Mr. Mark for patiently waiting while you got your camera, hubby?"
"Thank you, Mr. Mark, for waiting to eat my wife's pussy so I can take pictures of your big tongue lapping her wet cunt," I said. "I hope I'm able to learn something."
Heather smiled at me and gave me another wink.
I took a few shots showing her leaning on the bed with her legs spread wide, bent at the knees with her feet on his shoulders, and showing him kneeling at the end of the bed with his head between her legs.
I zoomed in as he opened his mouth and leaned down. I had noticed his full lips before, and wondered what it felt like for Heather when she was kissing him. What I hadn't noticed was how big his mouth was. He opened it wide, leaned in, and seemed to cover Heather's entire pussy-mound.
Mark appeared far more muscular than flexible, but if he could fold himself in half like that contortionist in Amsterdam, between the length of his dick and the size of his mouth, he could give himself a very respectable blowjob. How cool would that be to be able to do?
I watched Mark's cheeks hollow as he pulled a hard suck on Heather's entire cunt, and heard her suck in her breath. It was followed quickly by a moaning, "Oh, fuck, yes!" which I guessed was elicited by him sliding that big tongue of his through the soft folds of her pussy lips. Having forbidden me to play with her pussy earlier, this was the first contact she was getting on her waiting cunt and after the long build-up--starting with exposing it for anyone to see in the bar--it must have felt amazing.
He rocked his head slowly, and then as I knelt down beside him and filled the frame of the shot with his face, he extended his tongue out over his lower lip and chin, and while still sucking her cunt he flicked his tongue-tip over her upturned asshole. Heather let out another deep moan.
Soon, he lifted his face from her pussy, and probably for mine and the camera's benefit, he extended his freakishly long tongue all the way. Then, for his and Heather's benefit, he leaned forward and pushed it up her cunt-hole.
As the first penetration of the night, it produced another pleasant moan from Heather as she watched and felt the tongue that had filled her mouth a few minutes ago fill her cunt.
When his lips were once again pressed against her pussy, I noticed slight movements of his head, and I imagined him wiggling that amazing tongue around deep inside her cunt. Heather's reaction pretty much confirmed what I was picturing in my mind's eye.
"Oh, shit!" she growled as she slid her elbows out from behind herself and flopped back on the bed. She grabbed her legs behind her knees and pulled them back to her chest, rotating her hips farther, giving Mark better access to her cunt.
"Oh, my fucking God!" she groaned with her head thrown back and her eyes wide open. She then put her hands on the back of his head and pushed as hard as she could, mashing his big lips into her pussy, and driving his tongue even deeper up her cunt.
She would tell me later how amazing it felt to have his tongue twisting and curling around inside of her cunt, and that he was even able to rub her g-spot with its rough tip.
It wasn't long before I saw Heather start biting her lip, and I knew her orgasm was on the way. She had her elbows holding her legs up and back, her hands forcing Mark's face into her drenched pussy, yet even in this awkward, folded position, she still managed to get her hips to rock, coaxing even more fucking action from the snake-like tongue buried in her cunt-hole.
"Oh, fuck, yes!" she cried through clenched teeth as her body stiffened and her cunt erupted. When Heather's had a good build-up she can be quite a squirter, and I was sure that the blast of pussy-juice she was letting go now was pressure-washing Mark's tonsils!
I watched his cheeks hollow and his throat work to suck and swallow every bit of her cum that he could, which was most of it. After Heather would cum in my mouth like that her ass and my face would be drenched with all the pussy-juice I'd missed. When Mark finally lifted his face from my wife's cunt, his chin and cheeks, and her ass-crack were a little wet, but that's it. He was like a human vacuum cleaner!
She moved her hands to the sides of his head, and pulled his body up across hers. As she kissed him hungrily, tasting her own pussy-juice, I stood up and stepped back to take some shots of his huge, muscular, dark-skinned body lying atop Heather's fair-skinned form.
As he crawled onto her, he had taken care to lift his cock so it was now trapped between their two naked bodies. I crouched down to take some pictures from the side, showing the massive BBC sandwiched between them, and got a sense of how deep that thing was going to penetrate her if he managed to get in all in her.
She reached a hand in between them and rubbed his pre-cum-soaked cock-head, which was just a few inches below her tits. She stopped kissing him long enough to tell him, "Oh, I can't wait to feel this monster stretching my cunt open!" She turned to me, and said, "Are you ready for that, hubby? Are you ready to watch a big black cock getting shoved up your darling wife's little white cunt?"
"Oh, God, yes!" I said. Then I added in cuckold fashion, "Please?"
"The get him ready! Get his fat black cock wet enough to stretch my pussy open!" she told me as she pushed him up off of her.
He stood up, and with his big heavy boner standing almost straight out, but down at a slight angle due to its weight, I started to go to my knees to lap and spit on it again. But Heather stopped me.
"No, hubby!" she commanded. "Use your pecker-drool. I can see you leaking wank-juice from your wiener; rub it on Mr. Mark's fat cock! And use his, too! Get that big black cock nice and slippery for my cunt!"
Well, that was something that never would have occurred to me, but I love the way that Heather is able to surprise me like that.
I walked over and as Mark held his big cock for me, I stroked mine, squeezing several good drools of pre-cum from my pee-hole onto the taut black skin of his boner. I then wrapped one hand over his dick and with my fingers underneath to compress and stroke his urethra, I pumped his pre-cum out into my other hand. Then I used both hands to slather the BBC with our combined natural lube.
While I was doing that, Heather had scooted her ass to the very edge of the bed, but had also picked up the phone and taken pictures of me rubbing my oozing cock-head against Mark's black monster.
"Okay, hubby," Heather said, "Now bring that thing over here and line it up on my pussy!"
Once again, she was on her elbows for a good view, but she was still able to snap a few close-ups of me rubbing Mark's white-tipped BBC up and down through her drenched pussy. After a hard grind against her clit, she told me, "Stick that thing in my cunt-hole, hubby, and get ready to she how a woman is supposed to be fucked!"
I guided his bullet-nose down through her soft, wet pussy-lips, and easily felt it slip into her fuck-hole. The white head quickly disappeared and her pussy lips began to spread wide as her cunt accommodated her first BBC. I wiped my hands on the bedsheets, took the phone from her, and snapped close-ups; this was a fantasy coming true for me and I wanted to capture it all!
I can't say that it was afantasyfor Heather, but she'd certainly been curious about the myth of getting fucked by a big black lover. She watched, possibly with a little trepidation, as Mark stepped forward and his huge cock continued to spread her pussy-lips and stretch her cunt-hole. As his BBC reached its thickest point, she had her mouth closed and her teeth clenched as she inhaled deeply through her nose.
I couldn't tell if she was fighting against the pain of having her cunt stretched farther than ever before, or enjoying a pleasure she had never experienced before. She made no attempt to stop him, so I was guessing the latter.
Flicking my eyes between real-life and the image on the phone's screen, I was equal-parts amazed and aroused by seeing the pussy that I knew and loved so much stretched and stuffed by a big black cock. My own boner throbbed and oozed a shot of pre-cum that landed on my foot.
Mark was taking his time pushing his fat dick into Heather's cunt. No doubt he had to letanywoman he fucked get used to its size, but I'm sure he was also enjoying the tight squeeze her pussy was giving his big cock.
When he had about a third of his dick into her pussy, Heather switched from holding her own legs up to placing her feet against his big chest. At first, I thought it was to push him away if the pain of having her cunt stretched got too intense, but when she laid back on the bed, then lifted her head to look at him and almost snarled, "I want to feel every inch of that big fucking black cock up my cunt! Don't you dare to pull it back! Just keep pushing that monster into me until I'm stuffed fucking full!" I knew it was actually to create better alignment so he could do what she demanded.
Inch by inch he kept moving forward and Heather's stretched pussy-lips kept swallowing his meat. His dick was past its fattest part, now, so there was no moreadditionalpain/pleasure for her to experience from that, just the warm burn of being stretched farther than she'd probably ever imagined. The question now was how deep could she take his monster. It was already in about the length ofmydick.
Suddenly, Heather's whole body flinched and she sucked in her breath. I was pretty sure that he had just poked his bullet-nosed cock-head against her cervix. I recognized her reaction because I can do it when we fuck doggy-style. The first contact always gives her a start, but then she begins to enjoy the pokes as I drive my cock balls-deep into her cunt. She's described it to me as a jolt of pain/pleasure that sends a shock wave through her whole body.
Mark had to have known what he had just done, too, and he stopped pushing in and just wiggled his hips a little. That must have rubbed his cock-head against her cervix--something I had never thought to try--and she let out a guttural, "Oh, my fucking God!" at the never-before-experienced feeling.
He then began pulling his fat dick out of her cunt as slowly as he had pushed it in. I got some great close-ups of Heather's pussy lips stretched outward as they hugged tightly around the black monster as if unwilling to let it escape.
I didn't know how far he was going to pull his cock from Heather's cunt, but as more and more of it kept appearing, I reached under it with one hand while clicking pictures with the other. When he pulled it completely free of her cunt-hole, it flopped into my hand and I wrapped my fingers around it and stoked the first three or four inches, lubricated by my girlfriend's pussy juice.
"Suck it, hubby!" Heather told me. "Suck my cunt-juice off Mr. Mark's fat cock! Then kiss my pussy before he starts fucking me, again!"
As the dutiful cuckold, (but also eagerly) I lifted his dick so it was pointing upward and bobbed my mouth up and down on its first few inches a few times while sucking and lapping Heather's salty juices from it. I then turned and pressed my face into Heather's drenched pussy, rocking my head to shove my lips as deep between the soft freshly-fucked folds as I could.
Heather took a handful of my hair and lifted my head so I was looking her in the eyes, and said, "Does my pussy taste nice after Mr. Mark fucked it with his big black cock, hubby? Did you like seeing a real cock stretch my cunt? Did it make your weenie drool to watch him fuck me?"
What a frigging tease! She knew exactly the buttons that were being pushed for me. "Oh, God, yes!" I answered.
"Well, aren't you the lucky hubby then? To watch your wife get fucked by a big black stranger," she said in a well-acted condescending tone. She pushed my head down and rubbed my nose into her clit, then lifted it and told me, "Now put that fat cock back into your wife's hungry cunt!"
With one hand holding Mark's white-tipped black dick and the other holding my phone I snapped pictures as I rubbed his bullet-nose through her pussy-lips, then lined it up on her cunt-hole. As he began to shove it in, stretching her lips once again, I slid my hand off his dick and began to rub her clit with my thumb.
With a pillow drawn up under her head to keep it lifted, she looked up into Mark's face, and said, "Fill me up, lover! Stretch my cunt and fill me with your big, beautiful black cock! Fuck me like my hubby can only dream about when he jerks off his weenie!" She looked at me, and said, "That's what you want to do, isn't it, hubby? You want to jerk off while you watch Mr. Mark fuck your wife's cunt, don't you?"
Again, she was prodding me to do exactly what I really wanted to do, and in the demeaning way that would give Mark what he apparently wanted, too.
She then reminded me, "And when you make your little weenie squirt, hubby, remember to make yourself a cum-martini!" The glass was on the nightstand within easy reach, so as I began to jerk my aching cock I continued to snap pictures for now.
Mark pushed his monster up Heather's cunt until he bumped and rubbed her cervix, again, and then he began to actually fuck her.
Supported by muscular arms and legs he rocked his hips shoving his BBC in and out of her stretched cunt, alternating between deep, full-depth drives and rapid fucks that stretched her pussy with the fattest part of his dick over and over.
She was letting out guttural moans and encouraging him with filthy commands. "Oh, God, yes! Fuck my slut-wife cunt with that black monster! Stretch my cunt hole wide open while my hubby watches and jerks off! Fuck my cunt, baby! Fuck me 'til I blow my cum all over that gorgeous black cock!"
By this time, my fist was flying up and down my cock so fast I couldn't hold the phone steady in the other hand. As I watched Mark's tight black ass bouncing up and down as he fucked my girlfriend's cunt, I dropped the phone on the bed and reached for the martini glass.
Even though Heather was quickly approaching her own orgasm, she picked up the phone and managed to snap a few pictures of my rock-hard cock erupting and half-filling the glass as I jerked it as hard as I could.
I like to think that watching me blow my load while watching her pretend to be a slut-wife was what pulled the trigger on her orgasm; the truth was that it was probably from being expertly fucked by a muscular, dark-skinned Adonis with a big black cock.
Perhaps it was both, but whatever the reason, she let out a long, loud, "Oh, fuck!" and her pussy began to gush its pent-up juices around the BBC that continued to pound into it.
The extra lubrication, the tighter grip of her constricting cunt-muscles, and her fingernails digging into his back were apparently enough to pullhistrigger, and with a series of deep grunts and groans, he unloaded his sperm deep inside Heather's cunt.
Normally, after I've had a good, hard orgasm, I'm done for a little while, but not this time. With the fantasy of seeing my beautiful girlfriend taking a BBC and having him fill her cunt with his splooge coming true right in front of my eyes, my cock stayed just as hard as ever.
As Heather came down off her orgasm high, she looked over and staying in the dominatrix role, she said, "Well, look who's still horny after watching his wife get fucked by a big black cock! What a good cuckold you are!" She then put a little more aggressiveness in her tone, and added, "Now, get over here and eat Mr. Mark's fresh, hot cum out of your wife's cunt!"
Though I hadn't mentioned my curiosity about the tastes of different guys' cum, once again, my adorable girlfriend had her finger on exactly the right button.
I threw back the martini glass of my own fresh cum and then got to my knees and as Mark moved to the side, extracting his slightly-shrinking cock. I quickly pushed my head between Heather's legs and clamped my mouth over her stretched pussy just as the first drool of Mark's hot cum ran out.
I sucked it into my mouth and swished it around with my tongue, trying to get its tastes. Unfortunately, it was well-mixed with Heather's cunt juice, and I wasn't able to separate the two. Nonetheless, I continued to lap and suck as much of that delicious cum-cocktail from Heather's luscious cunt as I could.
As I lapped Heather's pussy, Mark laid on the bed beside her, and draped his big dick across her leg, right in front of my face.
As if she could hear the voices in my head, Heather told me, "Suck on Mr. Mark's cock, hubby! I'm sure there's more cum in there that he didn't squirt up my cunt!"
"Dutifully" I moved my head up and clamped my mouth over Mark's cock-head, sucking and flicking my tongue over his pee-slit. He wrapped his big fist around his cock, and with a few long, tightly-gripped strokes, he pumped a good squirt of fresh-from-the-cock cum into my mouth.
I definitely tasted stronger than Sven's or my own. Earthy, maybe? Whatever it was, it only fueled my curiosity to sample more in the future. I was liking this bi thing!

***

After cleaning up and getting dressed, Mark asked where we were staying. I told him and he took out his phone did a quick search for the number, and then called the place. After a conversation in French, he hung up and then told us, "I've taken care of your bill over there." We thanked him profusely, and he replied, "Oh, no, thank you! The two of you could not have made my cuckold fantasy come true any better!" He then asked, "So, where are you off to next on this sexpedition of yours?"
"We thought we'd go over to London," I said. "Probably take the ferry."
"Oh, you'll like London," he said. "They're not quite so liberal-minded about public sex over there, so do be careful where you go without your knickers on." He picked up a business card, and as he wrote on the back, he said, "Ring this person up when you get over there. She's a friend of mine and I'm sure she'll be as happy to meet you as I have been."

***

Walking hand in hand back to the hotel, I said to Heather, "Well, that was certainly amazing forme! Thank you for indulging my BBC fantasy! I hope he didn't hurt you, too much. That was actually a bigger BBC that I had imagined you taking when I would jerk off thinking about it."
"It was a little surprising," she said. "I was a bit unsure, myself when I saw it hard. It probably pushed the pain/pleasure limit right to the edge, but once he got it up inside me and I got used to it--and he poked my cervix--it was amazing for me, too."
"So, after getting stretched by that monster, do you think you'll even be able to feel me in your pussy, anymore?" I asked in a joking manner, though I was actually a bit concerned.
"Well, we're going to find out when we get back to the hotel,hubby!" she said. "I only had two orgasms, and you know I'm always good for at least three! And if my pussy hasn't shrunk back to normal, then maybe you'll just have to fuck me up the ass!"

***

The next morning we were on the bus to Calais, France, to get the ferry to England. On the way, Heather took my phone and was swiping through the pictures I had taken of her and Mark. She had me lean over to look at a close-up of his fat black dick stretching her pink pussy, and I noticed in the corner of my eye that the young couple behind us was peering between the seatbacks at the small-screen porn show.
I nudged her and nodded in their direction, and Heather turned and looked straight at them. "Like what you see?" she asked.
"Oh, um, I ... sorry!" the guy stammered. "I couldn't help but ... I just ... sorry."
Heather smiled and handed the phone to them between the seats. "We don't mind sharing," she said.
The two swished through the hundred or so pictures from both Amsterdam and Bruges, most of the time with their mouths hanging open. As they looked at the photos of us sucking cock, eating cunt, and fucking in private and on stage, I explained our European Sexpedition and how well it was going, so far.
The woman--probably in her early twenties, cute as a button, with perky tits--was staring at a video-capture still of Katia eating Heather's pussy as she lay across the table in the restaurant.
"So, where are you two headed?" Heather asked with an obviously suggestive lilt in her voice.
"We've got a plane out of Paris tonight, back to the states," the guy answered. "End of our honeymoon."
"Oh, that's a shame," Heather replied with her eyes locked on the young woman's.
"It sure is!" she said.
The guy caught the looks going back and forth between the two women along with the tones in their voices, and he looked at his bride, and said, "Really? You'd ... I mean, with another woman?"
She smiled at him, and said, "After looking at all those pictures I guess maybe I'm a little curious. Aren't you?"
He glanced at me, but was unable to hold eye contact, then he answered his wife, "Maybe. I guess ... a little."
When we got off the bus in Calais, they got off with us to say goodbye. I shook his hand, and gave him an embrace, and said, "Go for it, man! Let your bride explore her wild side, and you do the same thing. I spent a lot of years on the sidelines being bi-curious; take the plunge; you won't regret it."
Heather was giving the young woman similar advice, only she punctuated it with a steaming kiss that must have sent the message loud and clear to every erogenous zone in her body.

***

Walking to the ferry we passed a long line of tractor-trailers waiting to drive on. The good-looking drive of one of the trucks caught Heather's eye, and she walked over to the side of his cab. Looking down at her he would have had a great view down her loose-fitting blouse at her braless tits.
"So, how long does it take to get across?" she asked him. "It's our first time."
"'Bout an hour and a half," he answered in a thick British accent.
"Thanks!" she said with a big flirty smile. "Maybe we'll see you on board."
"I certainly 'ope so, Missy," he said.

***

Fifteen minutes after leaving the pier, Heather and I were getting a snack when we ran into the truck driver. He extended his hand, and said, "My name's Dave; pleased to meet you."
"I'm Luca and this is my girlfriend, Heather," I introduced. "So, where are you heading when we get to Dover?" I asked.
"London," he replied.
"I'll give you a blowjob if you take us there with you," Heather said.
His eyes went wide for a moment, and then he looked her up and down appreciatively, and said, "Tell you what, Missy; you let me fuck your arse, and drive you all the way to the other end of bloody Scotland if you'd like."
She gave him a wide smile, and said, "I noticed there was a sleeper on your truck."
(Next stop: London!)
Please take a minute and leave me a comment if you'd like me to continue with this storyline. Or you can suggest some scenario that you'd like to see Luca and Heather explore.
You can also send me a personal note, directly to my Literotica email, by clicking the "Send Feedback" tab below. I'd love to hear from you!
Thanks!
Love,
Casey