My plane touched down hours late. First there was a delay of my initial departure, then again for my connecting flight in Chicago. The crew was pissy, and they ran out of snacks. I didn't necessarily hate flying, but something always seemed to make it a miserable process. I was in town for an annual conference, which the agency I worked for sent me to every year. I would normally spend most of my time in the hotel's depressing event spaces, listening to speakers drone on about nothing, and just wanted a little free time the day before to explore the city. So much for that.
The only thing that kept me going through the final leg of the journey, aside from my gin and tonic, was a beautiful women on the same flight. She was absolutely captivating, with sharp, stunning features, dark brown eyes, and smooth, tanned skin. I couldn't figure out what ethnicity she was. I figured it was some exotic mix that she had to explain to everyone she met. I watched her every movement, and at one point she caught me staring. Oh well. She moved like a cat, and it made me crazy.
The conference was held in a grand hotel, with plenty of amenities to offset the mundane program. I was more than ready to partake of these features by the time I arrived but, as it turned out, I wasn't out of the woods just yet. I joined the line at reception and quickly realized that they were dealing with more snafus at the desk. Just my luck.
Fortunately, the mysterious woman from my flight waltzed in moments later. Just my luck, indeed! I realized she must be here for the same conference. She joined the line just behind me and seemed equally exhausted. She was also becoming nervous about the drama happening in front of us. I turned toward her, and muttered, "What now?" to signal my recognition of her from the flight.
She quickly replied, "I know, seriously? Haven't we been through enough already?" Clearly she recognized me from earlier. It meant nothing, but I was happy to get a little high off her remark.
When we reached the desk, the concierge seemed flustered and asked for both of our names, which we gave. The mystery woman's name was Kelly. The concierge seemed hesitant to give us some bad news, but waited until she found us in the system. She then proceeded to tell us how the conference had not blocked enough rooms for all the guests, and that due to overbooking we were not guaranteed a room.
I don't know how this kind of thing happens, but it does, and I was irate. I gave the concierge a piece of my mind, explaining what "we" had just been through so far, and insisted she sort it out. I made sure to use "we" as much as possible, to demonstrate that I was fighting for Kelly as well, and not just myself. Kelly appeared to be appreciating it.
"Here, take these drink vouchers and have a seat at the bar. I will look into this and see if there's something I can do," the concierge said with a sigh. She handed us two small slips of paper. I thanked her, and off we went to the bar.
Kelly and I took two seats next to each other. I introduced myself properly and apologized for getting angry at the reception desk. She replied, "Oh, no problem at all. I appreciate it! I would have done the same if you hadn't." We both ordered a cocktail and made casual chit-chat. I found out that Kelly was from Portland and this was her first time attending this conference. I specifically didn't ask her ethnicity, I was enjoying the mystery too much.
I confessed that after a long flight I really just wanted a room and to hit the gym for a bit to release some tension. Her eyes lit up and agreed that was an excellent plan. After a while, the concierge came over and looked optimistic. "So-" she started, "I have some good news."
"Let's hear it," I said.
"I've secured a room that I can upgrade you to, and it's really very nice. A luxury suite. There is a king bed and a private jacuzzi in the room..." Midway through her speech, I suddenly realized that in fighting for a solution for both Kelly and I, the concierge must have been mixed up, thinking we were a couple.
"Um, we're not together," I added. Kelly and I exchanged looks of shock and disappointment.
"I'm sorry, I just have the one room..." the concierge noted.
I sighed and said, "Well you take it then, I'll figure something out."
Kelly replied, "No way, I'm not going to do that to you."
We both thought for a moment, unsure how to resolve this. Kelly concluded, "Look, let's just take the room and we'll figure it out later. Maybe we can ask around and one of us might find a coworker we're comfortable sharing a room with." I doubted this, but agreed. We finished our drink and were shown to our room.
Our suite turned out to be massive and absolutely beautiful. It was rare that I'd stayed in a hotel room like that, and the moment I saw it I realized that I didn't want to find any solution to our "problem." I stood in the living room, dumbfounded by the raised jacuzzi that sat there by the window. Kelly was enthralled by the size of the bed and all the little freebees that were scattered about.
Once our luggage was dropped off and we were left alone, Kelly and I exchanged looks. We were both thinking the same thing - how was either of us going to let this room go? I suggested we hit the gym, as discussed, and then we could sort out the situation. We both began rummaging through our luggage. Kelly began setting up her stuff in the bathroom, clearly with every intention of staying. I started pulling out some clothes to work out in.
"I just have to change, I guess I'll just use the bathroom to do that?" Kelly asked, sheepishly.
"Sure, go for it," I added. "Take your time, I'll just change here while you're in there."
Kelly nodded and carried her workout clothes into the bathroom, then carefully shut the door behind her. I turned my attention to one of the more interesting features of the room we hadn't spoken about yet, designed to evoke a little romance for couples staying there. The shower wall facing the bedroom was frosted glass, from the floor to the ceiling. This had the effect of allowing you to see the faint impression of the bather's body from within the bedroom, without giving away too much detail. I knew Kelly was just changing and wouldn't be taking a shower, but I couldn't help myself from thinking about what I might see if she did.
While I was changing into gym shorts and a t-shirt, I happened to pass Kelly's luggage, which was left wide open. Sitting on top of her clothes were a few pairs of lace panties and bras. I got a thrill from seeing her intimate garments, especially since she clearly liked to wear the kind that made her secretly feel a little sexy underneath.
I was soon finished changing and decided to make myself comfortable on the bed. I also wanted to flirt with the idea of demonstrating my lack of desire for giving up the room. Who knows where it might lead to? A minute or two later, Kelly emerged from the bathroom in her tight-fitting gym clothes. Her body was magnificent. The clothes clung to her figure, revealing every smooth curve, including her perfectly round, tight ass. Her breasts bulged within her cropped spandex top, crowned with a lovely display of cleavage.
She made her way to her suitcase, then folded and placed the clothes she had been wearing inside. She seemed shy around me, perhaps because her workout clothes left a lot of skin exposed, despite the fact that she was planning to wear them in public anyway.
"Ready?" I said.
She smiled and nodded. "I'll head down with you."
As we headed toward the door, I felt an electric tingle of excitement between us, as her eyes perused my chest and arms through a tight fitting t-shirt, and mine ran up and down her slender, fit body. The curiosity was definitely there and we were in no hurry to resolve the situation at hand. This continued through our workout in the hotel gym. I gazed at her beautiful ass as she used the stair climber, observing the sway and gentle bounce of each muscular cheek. Her chest heaved the same way on the treadmill and bike. Likewise, I felt her eyes on my body as I lifted weights. I wasn't exactly a bodybuilder, but I put enough time into my workouts to become decently toned.
We finally met at the water cooler for a much needed final drink, where she said, "You were right, I needed this. I feel like a brand new woman."
I smiled and said, "Yeah, I'm ready to move past the horror of flight 109 now."
She added, "Well, let's head back up. I could use a shower and something to eat." I laughed inside, finding it funny that we were just cruising along with this, as if there was nothing strange about two complete strangers in our situation. But I was loving it. I had no idea where we were going, but wherever it was, I was all in.
On our way up to the room, I let slip, "Well, this should be interesting, then."
"Why? What should?"
"The peep show shower," I added.
She gasped. "Oh my god, I totally forgot about that!" Her face started to turn red. "We should have showered at the gym before heading back."
"It's okay," I reassured her, "It's just frosted glass. You can't really see anything." She didn't reply, probably not convinced. We walked down the hall to our room in silence and I observed her expression, a mixture of bottled laughter and embarrassment.
As we entered the room, I followed close behind, entranced by the sexy wag of her butt. I imagined getting back to the room together, peeling off our sweaty clothes and tossing them aside, standing before each other nude and then going in for a long, deep kiss. A kiss that carried us from one room to the next, until we ended up in the shower together, with the water flowing down over our bodies as we came close, skin to skin. I'd press her up against that frosted glass, opening her hips and smoothly gliding inside her. I imagined what it would look like from the bedroom, with our two bodies grinding together passionately, moaning and pressing our bare flesh against the window in ecstasy.
"So-" she said, interrupting my fantasy. I realized we were now in the bedroom again and looking at the glass elephant in the room. She turned to me, clearly having a little moment of panic, "I'm not sure I..."
I interrupted her. "Look, if you want me to go first, that's fine. I don't mind. Like I said, I'm sure you can't see anything, and if need be we can just go in the other room while the other person showers."
She looked embarrassed to be called out on her fears and straightened up. Clearly she didn't want to be thought of as cowardly. "No, it's okay. You're right. I'll just rinse off quickly and then you can go next." She laughed. "I'll just try to remember to not get too close to the window."
I laughed as well. "That sounds like a plan."
As before, she stepped into the bathroom and carefully closed the door. This time we watched each other as the door shut. She was still smiling at me and I took it to be a little nervous excitement. After a couple minutes, I heard the water switch on, and began watching the shower window out of the corner of my eye. Moments later the vague brown outline of her body appeared. She stayed away from the glass, but was still close enough to see the long line of her nude body, the outline of her soft breasts, and the gentle whip of her long, dark hair as she began to wet herself. It was tantalizing, knowing that such a thin partition separated me from her.
I began undressing. Each piece of my gym clothing came off and got cast aside one by one, all the while watching Kelly showering nearby. When I got to my boxer shorts, I slowly pulled them down, revealing my hardening cock, and then stepped out of them quietly. I made my way over to the window, but not too close for her to see, confident she would have no idea that I stood there before her, fully nude, watching her ghost-like form rising the soap from her body.
When I heard the shower stop, I quickly grabbed a nearby towel and wrapped it around my body. I noticed that Kelly, in her haste, had forgotten her clothes on the suitcase. I knew she would have to come back out and get them, wrapped only in a towel herself. Sure enough, the door creaked open moments later.
"Um... I think I forgot my clothes!" Kelly admitted, smirking.
I laughed and brought them over to her. "Here I come to the rescue." She was surprised to see me already in my towel. Her eyes shot down to my groin, where the bulge of my penis was showing, still semi-erect from seeing her shower.
"Oh, I didn't realize you were ready to go. Here, I can change in the bedroom while you shower," she said.
She accepted the clothing that I had brought over and then opened the door wide. We both stood in the open doorway, each wearing nothing but a single thin layer of fabric. I felt the same excitement I felt before, standing in front of the shower window. She quietly gulped and became self-conscious, hugging her clothes close to her breasts and cinching her towel tightly closed. She tried to look down, avoiding eye content, but this only put her in full view of my bulge. Realizing what she was seeing, she returned her eyes upward, but then couldn't avoid looking at me. She had nowhere to hide, and she stammered, "Okay, so... you can..."
"Right, I'll go shower," I said with a smirk. She moved aside to let me pass, and then I began to close the door behind me. She was already walking back toward the bed, biting her lip nervously. Now alone, I removed my towel and hung it by the shower. It felt great to be naked on the cool marble floor after a hard workout. I was ready for a quick shower and was excited to see if I could give Kelly a little tease in the process.
I stepped into the shower and switched it on, then let the cool water cascade all over my body. I glanced over at the window, but couldn't see any sign of Kelly. Still, I knew she was there. I also knew exactly how much I could get away with, having seen how much of Kelly's body I could make out while she showered. I inched my way closer to the window, knowing that I had a certain amount of room to work with. I began lathering up.
Soon enough, I could start to see some activity in the bedroom. Not much, just that Kelly was still there. So I kept going, scrubbing myself up and down. It wasn't long before the thrill of being watched caused my erection to return, stronger than before. I was close enough to the window at this point that I knew she would be able to see that I had one, even if she could only faintly make it out. I wanted to know what she was doing, how she felt seeing the outline of my body through the window, just as I had seen hers.
To my surprise, I saw her more and more clearly. She was inching closer to the window herself, to get a better peek. She didn't realize that in doing so, I was able to see that she was there. In fact, I could see from the color of her image that she had abandoned her towel and was standing in the middle of the bedroom, stark naked, watching me soap my arms and my chest. After a while, she must have realized that she'd better hurry and put on some clothes, and her form vanished. So I finished up, and stepped out of the shower.
I quickly wrapped my towel back around my waist and went for the door, wondering if I'd catch her at least in a partial state of undress. When I opened the door and stepped out into the bedroom, Kelly was standing there in her black lace bra and panties. My head was swimming at how beautiful she looked in those sexy garments. When I appeared, she gave a slight jump and was still looking flushed, probably from the peep show I gave her. She also must have known I was about to come out, and was hurrying to put her clothes back on as fast as possible.
"Sorry!" she said, immediately looking away from my bulge again, "I'll hurry up!"
"No problem," I replied, smiling warmly, "Would you like me to go back inside?"
"No, no, it's okay, I'm almost done." She was already in the process of slipping on a pair of slim black jeans and pulling her top over her head. While she did this, I waited patiently, watching her. She looked up and me and smiled. "Okay, all set. I'll step outside so you can get dressed in here." She hurried out of the room.
I walked over to my suitcase, and then let my towel drop to the floor. I knew there was no door separating the bedroom and the living room, so to give me privacy she would have to exit the bedroom and turn to the right or left to be in the clear. But this increased the chances that she might get another "accidental" glimpse.
Behind me I heard, "Oh- do you..." I turned to look over my shoulder, and there was Kelly back in the entryway with her hand over her mouth. She had a full view of my bare behind, as I stood there naked, facing the wall and my suitcase.
"Oh my gosh! I'm so sorry!" she said, slapping her hand over her eyes. "I didn't mean to, I didn't realize you had already..."
I laughed. "It's okay, I'll just be a moment."
She rotated her body around and marched off, having fully embarrassed herself again. Still chuckling, I removed my clothes from the suitcase and threw them on quickly. When I joined Kelly outside the bedroom, she again apologized profusely for walking in on me. I brushed it off, and asked her what she had wanted to say earlier. She was just going to propose we go downstairs and try the hotel restaurant, to which I happily agreed.
As we made our way down to the lobby, I noticed Kelly's body language change. She started to walk more confidently, as if she were presenting herself to me. She seemed to be consciously checking for my attention in subtle ways. Maybe my little tease had an effect, or maybe she was just naturally on the prowl. "That's a nice outfit," I said. It was clear that she had pulled out one of her more expensive pieces of clothing to wear to dinner; a white, perforated leather top.
"Oh, thank you!" she said cheerfully.
"I don't expect to see many conference goers wearing Helmut Lang. Clearly I ended up with one of the hip women here."
She gave a surprised laugh and blurted, "Wait- excuse me? How did you even know it was Helmut Lang?"
"A friend of mine used to work in SoHo back home, I can recognize some of the brands now, I guess," I replied. The truth was, the last woman I dated worked at a Helmut Lang store, and I didn't really know much else. But Kelly did look great, and seemed impressed at whatever knowledge I did have about fashion. In fact, the grin wouldn't leave her face. Clearly I scored some points.
The restaurant was only moderately full. We took our seat and I offered to order us a bottle of wine. Kelly gladly accepted. We made more small talk, sharing stories about ourselves, and getting to know each other a little better. During a break in conversation, she noted, "Odd that it's not that busy here tonight, especially with the conference going on."
"Well, I'm sure they're making up for it with room service requests," I suggested.
"Why's that?" she replied.
I looked at her, slightly perplexed. "Oh, that's right. This is your first conference, right?" I smirked.
"Yeah... why? What did I miss?"
I grinned at her. "You really are that innocent, aren't you?"
She laughed, "Maybe... Do tell."
"Well, let's just say that most of the conference attendees aren't exactly here for the conference," I said. She wasn't following. "See... most of these people jump at the opportunity to fly out here for a little tryst with their coworkers. Frankly, everyone's sleeping with everyone. They're not really here to learn something," I chuckled.
Kelly's jaw dropped. "... Seriously? I had no idea!" she replied.
"Yeah. They all want a little escape from their boyfriends, wives, husbands, girlfriends, whatever. Welcome to corporate America! This is part of the system." Kelly seemed positively scandalized, yet at the same time she absorbed this information with a little bit of intrigue. Maybe it was because she was starting to get tipsy. I poured her another glass of wine and got a kick out of her expression.
Finally she broke her silence and asked, "So... are you... Did you come to..."
I suddenly realized that I didn't know how to reply to her obvious curiosity about whether I was here for the same purpose. I thought, "Should I tell her no, in case she disapproves? Should I tell her yes, in case she doesn't?" I wasn't exactly the unfaithful type myself, but it wasn't as if I hadn't had an experience now and then at these things. I froze for a moment, trying to run through the events so far and make the right gut decision, but I was saved by the bell.
The waitress returned for our orders, and I was relieved. Maybe I could just change the subject. I quickly gestured to Kelly to order, who picked the salmon, but quickly switched to one of the salads. I ordered the roasted chicken. The waitress left, and I immediately used the interruption to change course.
"By the way..." I started, "It sure seems like maybe we're not making any effort to resolve the little issue with our accommodations." I smiled, to suggest I might be okay with that.
She smiled back and added, "Yeah... I guess not." She took another sip of wine, smirking at me. Needless to say, we enjoyed our meal together, laughed about whatever the wine happened to make amusing, and splurged on a chocolate pot de crème. It was now a date, in my estimation.
When we got back to our room, Kelly kicked off her shoes and collapsed on the bed, throwing her arms over her head, and looking at me coyly. "Well I'm smashed," she said.
I collapsed next to her, on the other side of the bed. "That makes two of us," I added with a satisfied sigh. We lay there side by side, staring up at the ceiling for a few moments, before I continued, "You know what would be amazing right now?"
"What?" she returned.
"A soak in our private jacuzzi that everyone is going to be seriously jealous of."
"Oh my god, yeah. That's exactly what I want right now. I can't believe we managed to score that and I haven't brought a bathing suit!" As she said this, she covered her face with her hands in frustration. I knew they sold them in the gift shop downstairs, but I decided it wouldn't hurt to not mention that.
"Eh, me neither. I'm not sure I'm willing to let that stop me though. We earned this jacuzzi with that flight," I suggested.
She continued staring at the ceiling for a moment, then turned her head to the side and looked at me with a little surprise. She knew what I was suggesting, but perhaps didn't know how to feel about it yet. "And by that you mean what, exactly?"
I laughed. "Well... you've already seen my bare ass once. Now that that's out of the way, what's the harm in a little skinny dip?"
She started giggling. "Right, I'm quite sure you wouldn't mind seeing me strip naked in front of a complete stranger! But..."
Again, I decided to reassure her and keep the ball rolling. "I didn't mean it that way. We could just look away while we each get undressed and get in there. Once you're under the water, the jets hide everything."
She wasn't entirely buying it, and kept glancing at me with a smirk. I could tell her mental gears were turning as she considered this. Fortunately our gears were both well oiled with copious amounts of wine. Finally she sighed, "Okay, I guess we can't let it go to waste... But no peeking!" She said this in a playful way. She was clearly turned on by the prospect, but not willing to admit it.
I got up and went to turn on the jacuzzi. Kelly hesitantly got herself off the bed and then wandered into the other room to join me, nervously biting her lip again. "So how do we do this," she asked.
"Well, get down to your underwear at least and then I'll look the other way while you finish and get in," I replied. I periodically checked the status of the jacuzzi as she shimmied out of her jeans. She seemed nervously excited as she wiggled out of her clothes and threw them onto a chair. In a matter of moments she stood there in the black lace bra and panties that I had seen earlier. She shifted nervously to one side and tapped her foot.
"I can't believe I'm doing this," she muttered, before giggling again.
"Okay, my turn," I said, standing up and approaching her. I removed my shoes and socks, then slid my jeans off. Her eyes kept wandering the room, frequently finding their way back to me again for an update on my developing state of undress. I unbuttoned my shirt and laid it on the chair, turning our clothes into a mixed pile, and then pulled my t-shirt up and over my head. When it cleared my eyes, I caught Kelly curiously gazing up and down my body, which she casually pretended was a passing glance.
Now we stood next to each other, myself down to just boxer shorts, and Kelly down to her bra and panties. I could tell she was aroused but slightly panicked, so I laughed. She burst out laughing.
"So... yeah, here we go," she said.
"I'll turn around," I replied, taking a few steps away, then turning my back to her and the jacuzzi.
"Okay. Nothing strange about just... taking my panties off," she giggled. I could just make out the soft sound of Kelly sliding her panties down over her beautiful round ass and then down her long legs. Then she unhooked her bra. I heard both pieces of clothing land on the chair. Finally, I heard her stepping into the water, easing herself down into the bubbling water, and letting out a relaxing, "Mmm..." She then alerted me, "Okay, you're right, I don't regret this at all."
"All set?" I asked.
"All set!" she chirped.
I turned around. Kelly was submerged up to her breasts in the water. She had one arm carefully wrapped across her chest, pressed gently against her breasts such that they looked especially firm and pronounced. She saw that I noticed this and smiled. I must have been gazing a little too long, so she added, "You're next! Off with the shorts." She pressed her hand firmly against her eyes, while still covering her breasts with the other.
I walked over to the jacuzzi and then slid my boxers off. While sitting in the jacuzzi, her head was roughly eye level with my penis. I enjoyed knowing that it was hidden from view solely because of the fingers wrapped tightly across her eyes. It felt great to swing freely in front of her as I stepped into the jacuzzi, and slipped my body into the warm, rushing water.
"I'm in," I said. She uncovered her eyes. When she caught sight of me, she smiled, acknowledging my nakedness, then lay her head back and closed her eyes.
"This feels really good," she remarked.
"You can say that again," I added, stretching my arms out to the side and relaxing even further into the water. I watched Kelly in her state of bliss, still afraid to expose her breasts in front of me, but otherwise in a seemingly complete state of relaxation. After a moment, she shifted her weight back slightly to part her knees a little. I couldn't see anything through the gushing water, but I knew that she was positioning herself to allow the water jets to rush between her legs and stimulate her clit.
We were quiet for several moments, just enjoying the sensation, before we resumed the idle chatter from dinner. I observed that she was becoming more comfortable being nude around me, knowing that she was in complete control of what I could see and what I couldn't, while still flirting with the sexual tension building between us. Finally, during a break in conversation, she noted, "Wow, it's really heating up."
"I know! This is pretty sexy," I replied. She laughed and rolled her eyes. I added, "Sorry you had to get stuck here with me!"
"Haha, why?"
"I'm sure you could have had any pick of guy in here, if you had this room to yourself."
"Pssh. I'm not complaining," she replied with a playful smile.
"Oh yeah? Even after seeing my flat ass earlier?" I joked.
She giggled and sat up straight, having to adjust her breasts in the process. "Why do you think it's flat?"
"Oh, I dunno, the last woman I dated used to tease me about it." This wasn't really true, I just wanted a reason to give her another tease.
"I didn't exactly see it for long, but I don't remember it being flat. I thought it looked pretty good."
"Ha, are you sure?" I replied. "Here-" I carefully turned my back to Kelly, and then stood up. The warm water rolled down my back and over my butt. With my penis now stimulated by the sudden exposure to the cool air, it began to swell with a slight arousal. I looked over my shoulder at Kelly. I expected to see her shocked or embarrassed, but instead she just leaned forward and gazed at my butt thoughtfully. She was definitely into this.
"It doesn't look that flat to me... I guess I'm not really at the right angle though." She cocked her head slightly, as if to try to view it from the side.
"Yeah, I guess you'd have to look at it from over there," I said, pointing to the side of the jacuzzi. I knew that if she took the bait, and moved several inches to her left, she'd probably be able to see my penis, which was just beginning to pull away from my body. She'd think I was unaware that it was visible to her. The possibility of this gave me a thrill.
Sure enough, Kelly inched her body over to view me from a slight angle. When she reached the side of the jacuzzi and looked up again, I saw her eyes immediately dart over to my front and widen. There was no doubt that she was seeing my penis exposed. "It doesn't look... It's not flat," she said, still gazing at my penis. She caught herself and immediately glanced over at my butt.
"Really?" I said.
"Yeah! You've got a nice ass!" As she said this, I saw her eyes keep darting back over to my penis. I leaned over my shoulder as if to look at my own butt, but really I was shifting my hips forward a little, to give her a better look.
"Huh, that's good to know. Thanks!" I replied.
She was now grinning ear to ear. "Sure thing!" She glanced once more at my penis, before shifting back to her original position. Then I sunk myself back down into the water and turned back to face Kelly.
"I have to say... that yours is a-m-a-z-i-n-g," I confessed. "Absolutely perfect." She blushed. "I'm serious," I added.
"You think so? You only saw it with my gym shorts on."
"That's true. Maybe it's not really all that."
She laughed. "You wanna bet?" She spun around, then released her arm, letting her breasts spring free. However, with her back to me, I could only see their gentle bob from the side as they settled. She then stood up straight, revealing the long line of her back, down to her beautiful backside. It had a perfectly soft, rounded curve, and I had to work hard to fight the urge to lean forward and squeeze it in my hands.
"Good lord," I muttered, "It's magnificent." She was eating it up; loving every bit of attention and praise I gave her. For a woman that was initially so full of shyness, afraid to even be in the same bedroom as me, she was certainly opening up now, becoming more frisky, more turned on. She gave it a little wiggle and then sunk back into the water before turning back to face me.
We carried on for a while with our playful banter as it started to grow late. Finally she said, "You know, we forgot to bring towels."
"Oh, yeah," I said, "Why don't you go grab us some, I'll watch."
She snickered and started to climb out of the jacuzzi. She continued to hold one arm across her breasts, while the other cupped her crotch so that I wouldn't get a glimpse of her vagina.
"Actually, I don't mind helping," I commented. I pretended as if I was about to get up also, before she squealed and skipped frantically across the room.
I started laughing and sunk back down. She looked back, realizing I was just teasing, and laughed as well. With her back turned to me, she was able to give her arms a rest and walk around comfortably naked without me seeing anything more than her backside. She collected two towels, placing one over her chest and the other over her vagina. She walked back to the jacuzzi like this.
"Okay, which one do you want?" she said, smirking. I looked her up and down, as if trying to pick between the only two pieces of fabric obscuring her nudity.
"Hmm," I said, "I think I might need two, I'm pretty well soaked."
She grinned and replied, "Well, you only get one." She turned her back to me and dropped one of the towels to the floor in front of the jacuzzi, then wrapped the other around herself. She marched off, satisfied with her own tease.
I leaned forward to pick up the dropped towel and covered myself as I stood back up. When I had it wrapped firmly around my waist, I went to the other room and found her laying on one side of the bed in the towel. I sat down on the other side of the bed and then put my feet up.
For a little while we compared notes about which talks we were planning to attend the following day. I told her which speakers would be at least mildly interesting, and where the best catered food was likely to be. After a while, she started yawning and asked, "So do you want me to step out so you can get dressed for bed?"
I thought for a moment and then replied, "Actually... I wasn't going to mention this, but given all that's happened, it may not be a problem after all..."
"What's that?" she said, curiously.
"Well... it's just that... normally I sleep in the nude," I answered.
She giggled, "I guess I shouldn't be surprised... I've never tried it. What's it like?"
"Oh, it feels great," I explained, "In fact, it's supposedly good for your health. Especially for women... down there, you know. Something about better temperature regulation."
"Huh," she said.
"Why don't you give it a try?" I suggested, "Just take your towel off after you slip under the sheets."
"Okay, I'll try it for a little while and see. If I can't sleep I'll just grab something to throw on."
"I think you'll like it," I reassured her.
We both slipped under the covers. They felt clean and fresh, like new hotel sheets always do. This felt especially nice against our bare skin. I let it sink in that I was now in bed, naked, with Kelly. Had anyone suggested to me on the plane this would happen later that night, I would have never believed them. As time passed, I started to plot what I could do next to keep our little game going. Finally, I whispered, "Kelly?"
I was too late. She didn't answer, and then I heard the soft breathing of a beautiful, sleeping woman curled up next to me. No doubt all the wine we drank finally did her in. I sighed, then closed my eyes and drifted off to sleep.
Sometime early the next morning, I began to slowly emerge from the haze of slumber. I had yet to open my eyes, but I could hear Kelly next to me, shifting around slightly. I realized that I had tossed off the duvet at some point overnight, and just had a single bedsheet draped over my body. It was drawn up to my waist, with my chest exposed to the cool air. Amusingly enough, I had a bad case of morning wood, and I could feel that the sheet must have been a bit tented, due to the erection.
I continued to hear Kelly move this way and that, wide awake. I decided to wait a few moments before I opened my eyes, to think about how I might continue the teases from last night. To my surprise, she beat me to it. I felt an almost imperceptible movement of the bedsheet. First it crept about a centimeter, then a centimeter more, and with a careful, deliberate slowness. I concentrated on my breathing, making it just audible enough to reassure her that I was still fast asleep.
I felt the slow drift of the bedsheet continue, bit by bit by bit, until finally it began to slide over my pubic hair. My cock grew even harder, knowing that Kelly was trying to expose my erect penis without waking me. The bedsheet reached the base of my shaft. At this point, it started to move a little faster. She must have been excited to see the shaft of my penis emerging, and could no longer stand the anticipation.
The sheet continued further and further, nearing the head of my cock. I knew that the moment the sheet made it over the tip, there would be nothing left to hold down my erection, and it would spring upward. Sure enough, this is exactly what happened. As my erection sprang free and bobbed dramatically in the air, I could hear a quiet gasp next to me. Now she was stuck. She had fully exposed my penis and there was no way to recover from the situation. I kept my eyes shut, determined to see where this was going.
A couple minutes passed while I lay there, wondering, imagining what she was doing. Then I heard the soft rustling of movement underneath bedsheets. I listened carefully before realizing that she had slid her hand down between her legs. Then I heard her hand moving back and forth over her pussy. She adjusted herself, her legs parting wider. Her hand moved faster and faster. I could hear how wet she was, as her frantic rubbing made the flowing of her juices audible. I imagined her laying there, gazing at my erection, her heart racing as she pleasured herself at the risk of waking me.
I couldn't stand it anymore. I opened my eyes. There she was, just as I imagined, laying beside me, her wide eyes fixed firmly on my hard cock. She still had the bedsheets pulled up to her neck, but her knees were spread fully to either side and her arm thrust down between her legs, beneath the sheets.
"Kelly?" I said quietly.
She inhaled a sudden gasp and slammed her legs back together. "Oh my god! I- fuck!" She turned bright red and keeled over to one side, away from me, then began softly laughing. "Shit!"
I sat up, not caring about the fact that I was completely nude and no longer covered by the sheets.
"Were you... masturbating?" I asked, casually.
She had nothing to say, she just kept laughing nervously and burying her face in the sheets. As she did this, she rolled way from me even further, exposing her bare back all the way down to her butt. I scooted a little closer to her and put my arm on her shoulder, laughing as well. "It's okay if you were. I'm not offended or anything. Do you want to continue?"
"Oh man, oh man... " she kept saying, unable to overcome the embarrassment of being caught, "I'm completely mortified."
"Don't be embarrassed," I said, reassuringly. She turned and looked over her shoulder, then saw me smiling and offering her my understanding. She looked down and realized that my penis was still uncovered, but she still rolled onto her back again, clutching the bedsheets close to her neck.
"I'm sorry..." she said over the subsiding laughter, "I just saw your... you were... hard and I..." I looked at her expectantly. "And I, started masturbating next to you, and you fucking caught me." She threw her hands over her face in disbelief.
I chuckled. "You shouldn't be embarrassed. Heck, it's a turn-on for me to see you enjoying yourself. Look." I separated my legs, permitting full view of my massive erection. She grew silent, watching it cautiously, then looked up at me. "It's no big deal," I added.
"Um... don't you mean it's no small deal?" We both started laughing.
"What about you? Why so shy?" I asked. She shifted nervously under the sheets. "Would you like me to remove them?" I added. She bit her lip again. I could feel her trembling. She couldn't answer.
I held the edge of the sheets in my hand and gave them a gentle tug, freeing them from her grip, which she immediately loosened for me. "Is this okay?" I asked, as I slowly slid the sheets down over her neck, centimeter by centimeter. Kelly breathed in deeply, then started nodding slowly. She was shaking with a mixture of nervousness and erotic anticipation.
Kelly could feel the bedsheet sliding further and further down her neck, over her shoulders, and making its way toward her breasts. She knew that in a matter of moments, her nude body would be fully revealed, permitting full exposure to everything she had worked so hard to keep hidden from me.
Finally the edge of the bedsheet began to slide up to the apex of her breasts, approaching her nipples. I could see how hard they were, poking against the fabric as it moved, until finally the sheet slid over them and they popped into view. Her body tensed and I could see the goose pimples forming. She watched as I began to absorb how beautiful they were; dark, erect, surrounded by prominent areolas.
I began to softly kiss her neck, planting a trail of them down over her shoulder, then along her breast, and then sweetly kissing each nipple. She shivered, and I began to resume the slow passage of the sheet over her body. I revealed her flat stomach, the soft hollow of her navel, and then approached her vagina. Her body tensed again. This was it; no secrets left.
The sheet passed smoothly over her pussy. She was neatly trimmed, with just a small trail of hair above her labia. Her pink clitoris was peeking out, having gone through a great deal of recent stimulation. I could see how sopping wet she was from masturbation. There was even a dark wet spot between her legs, where she had stained the sheets.
I threw the sheet off her. She tracked me with her eyes as I lay down between her legs, separating them to either side. Then I ran my tongue slowly up and down her vagina, tickling it, teasing it, dancing over her clit. Kelly's head rolled back and she moaned. I licked and sucked hungrily, my mouth becoming covered in her juices, exploring every inch, every fold of her tingling pussy.
Then I plunged my fingers inside, coaxing out more pleasure while I kept stimulating her with my tongue. I felt her body tense, and then finally tremor as she cried out with pleasure. She came hard, soaking me, and the bedsheets even further. "Oh god!" she explained between rapid breaths, "That felt... so good." I slid back over to her side as she tried to get a grip of herself.
Kelly gave me a look that was, for the first time, absolutely free of all shyness and reserve. Instead, it had been replaced with a fierce hunger.
She rolled me over and grabbed my cock in her hands. She squeezed it gently, giving me an eager look. Then she leaned forward and swallowed my thick shaft. She teased and massaged my cock with her tongue. She kissed it up and down, then swallowed it again and sucked ravenously. Then she watched me struggle to control my absolute pleasure as she gave it long, hard strokes with her hand.
"I can't stand it," she cried, "If we don't fuck right now, I'm going to lose my mind!" I scrambled to my suitcase and pulled out a condom as fast as I could. I slipped it on and was back on the bed in a shot, where Kelly waited with open arms. We exchanged frantic, passionate kisses as I lay her head down on the pillow. I moved down her body, showering it with kisses, sucking at her nipples while she squirmed with anticipation.
She threw her legs to either side, spreading herself wide to receive my throbbing cock. I entered her and quickly thrusted my hips back and forth, plunging myself deeper and deeper into her pussy, which was both tight and soaking wet. She screamed with pleasure, reaching back and placing her hand against the headboard to stabilize herself, begging me to fuck her harder and harder.
Next she threw herself down on the sheets and waited for me to enter her from behind. I knelt behind her and slid my cock deep inside her once again, then I thrusted, listening to her muffled cries of pleasure as she buried her face in the sheets. I gripped her butt and felt it quiver with every blow. She wanted it harder, faster, and she wanted more.
Kelly climbed on top of me and pushed me into the sheets. She grasped my hard cock and lowered herself onto it, taking it deep inside. My heart was racing as I watched her dancing breasts while she rode me with a relentless desire. She pressed her hands against my chest so that she could whip her hips as quickly and freely as possible. I was reaching my limit, the pain of pleasure was unbearable.
Finally, I threw her back down onto the sheets and she looked at me fervently, knowing I was at wit's end. I strained and groaned as I pumped my cock frantically inside her, knowing that any moment I would release the floodgates of pleasure.
"Yes!" she cried out, "Come inside me! I want you to come in my pussy!"
I could handle no more, as both our bodies tensed at the same time and convulsed with tremendous passion. I felt the inner muscles of her pussy squeeze my cock hard as I came relentlessly inside her while we gazed deep into each other's eyes. Then I felt my body weaken and I collapsed beside her. She rolled over and placed her head on my chest which was strained with my rapid breathing. We both lay there swimming in the bliss of full release.
"God, that was amazing!" she exclaimed. We both laughed. It was, indeed.
After that encounter, we went off to the conference seminars, passing each other now and then and exchanging a smile or a secret touch. During the course of the conference, we shared two more passionate experiences in our luxury suite, each more intense than the last. And they included the shower fantasy that started it all, when we first returned from our workouts together.
When our stay had finally come to an end, and it was time to check out of the hotel, Kelly made sure to ask for a brief reminder, before we each made our way to our respective flights.
"You said you come to this thing every year, right?" she asked.
"That's right," I said with a smile, knowing what she meant.
She winked at me. "See you next year then, stranger!" she promised, with a wicked grin. Then she disappeared through the revolving doors, hailed a taxi, and sped off.