Chapter 1 - About Robin
=======================
A lot of people have asked me if I use to tease my teachers or otherwise fool around in school. The reality is that I did a lot more at church and community functions than I ever did at school. My goal was to be a teacher someday and I especially wanted to teach in my old school district so it really wouldn't have been to my advantage to have anyone on the staff associating me with something controversial when I was a student. Despite the sensationalism in the media, the vast majority of teachers do NOT have sex with their students and doing so is NOT considered a career enhancing move. Of course, that doesn't mean I was exactly an angel all the time either. Far from it.
In my senior year of high school I took an advanced chemistry class. I wasn't looking forward to it but my guidance counselor said it would look good on my college application. As it turned out, there would be more chemistry in the class than the syllabus described, although I doubt it was the type that the school intended.
The classroom was really more of a lab. Square tables were set up two across the room and four deep with spots for four students at each one. Each one had a top made of some dark black impenetrable material with a sink in the middle and connections for gas for the burners. A number of drawers with locks were built in for us to store our materials in.
Instead of chairs or desks, we had to sit on these tall and uncomfortable stools with no backs and just a small round top. It was one of the older classrooms in the school, not much different from when our parents went to school here. In other words, long overdue for remodeling.
On the first day of class I was running late and at first I thought the class was full. Actually, it was just the front of the classroom where the door was that was filled and the last row of stools was empty. I found myself seated at one of the lab tables in the rear of the classroom next to Robin.
Robin was one of the hottest girls in school with a well-earned reputation as the school whore. It didn't hurt that she'd been held back at least once class making her a year or two older than anyone else in our class. Someone once joked she was the only girl they knew in school who could buy beer for a party legally although I thought that was a little bit of an exaggeration. To me there is a big difference between being a slut and a whore. As a slut, I used my body to MY advantage to get the things I wanted. On the other hand, Robin was a whore who just let boys use her for their own pleasure. I suspected she used drugs which might explain why she allowed herself to be so degraded.
That said, Robin was beautiful. She was slim with an olive complexion that bespoke her Italian heritage along with long dark wavy hair. While I didn't think I was all that bad looking, sitting next to her I had to admit she was in a class of her own. Robin had fantastic slim legs that I would've killed for, a shapely ultra-tight ass, and perfect C-cup breasts.
To top it all off, Robin knew just how to show everything off to its fullest advantage. Her skirts were always as short as the dress code allowed and usually shorter. I don't think I ever saw her once in a dress or skirt that even came close to her knees, no matter what the weather or circumstances.
The few times Robin wore jeans they looked like they'd been shrink wrapped on her. Now I love tight pants myself so I know just how difficult it can be to get them all the way up. Typically it involves a process where I lay on my back on my bed while sucking in my stomach and pulling them up as hard as I could. In Robin's case I hadn't a clue how she got into hers or what kept the seams from bursting once they were on.
Robin's blouses were always a size (or two) too small and they were usually cut low enough to show off lots of her ample cleavage. If not, she would leave enough buttons undone to accomplish the same effect. Usually she wore a bra but I think it was more to show off the bra than for any support it might offer. All of them looked like they came straight from Victoria Secret.
Not only did Robin dress provocatively, she knew how to act the part as well. She had this subtle way of crossing her legs and letting her skirt "accidentally" ride up practically to her ass, acting nonchalant yet knowing full well every boy in the room was staring at here - not to mention more than a few girls and some of the teachers. Then she would switch legs and briefly flash a pair of sexy panties or a miniscule thong. More than once I would have sworn she wasn't wearing anything at all!
By virtue of our seating arrangement Robin and I were lab partners so we talked in class but outside of the classroom we never socialized. She hung around with the "bad" crowd and never went to church so far as I knew. I didn't smoke or use drugs which also put us in different social circles.
In comparison I tried my best to be your typical "church girl" to the general population although I had a pretty solid reputation among the boys if which I was quite proud. They knew, many from personal experience, that I was willing to suck just about any cock I could get my hands (and mouth) on. It was a bit of a naughty reputation but one I was actually quite proud of and had worked hard to get!
I had no doubt that Robin knew all about me but we never discussed anything along those lines and since our social lives were so diverse it didn't really matter anyway. I think we pretty much had sex with different guys so we couldn't even compare notes.
So far as my school wardrobe went I liked to be a bit suggestive but in comparison to Robin I was a downright conservative catholic schoolgirl. For me, it was all part of my strategy where while I didn't mind having a slutty reputation with the boys but at school I wanted to maintain a solid reputation. Of course that' didn't mean away from school I didn't have more fun with the way I dressed. One of my favorite hobbies was teasing boys so when my younger cousin Kristi and I would go shopping at the mall, all bets were off.
My standard school "uniform" was a tight pair of faded jeans with a cotton blouse or fleece. On occasion when I was feeling particularly randy I wore a skirt but usually within a few inches of my knees and wore panties instead of a thong.
Once away from school I "lost" the panties whenever possible. I especially enjoyed going to church in nothing but a light dress with nothing underneath - no hose, slip, bra or panties. There was something about shaking hands with the minister after the service knowing I was completely exposed under the thin material of my dress that made me tingle every time.
Our chemistry teacher, Mr. Miller, was relatively new and this was only his second year as a full-time teacher. He wasn't married and really not all that much older than some of his older students. Heck, I'd fucked guys twice his age! He wasn't bad looking either and I have to admit I spent more than one chemistry class dreaming about being held up after class for some "personal" tutoring.
It wasn't just me that was interested in him either. Mr. Miller definitely had Robin's attention and she made no effort whatsoever to hide the fact. She was "available" and there was no way he couldn't have known it. Robin had the advantage that everyone already knew she was a whore so she didn't care that we all saw what she was doing. Actually, I got a kick out of watching this little cat and mouse game between her and Mr. Miller where she was the naughty feline and he was the poor mouse being teased unmercifully by her.
Mr. Miller liked to lecture from the back of the room. It was something he did in all of his classes but in our class he had the added entertainment of Robin who would flash her legs and boobs as far as she could get away with. She was always going up to him when he was at his desk to ask a question, making sure she was leaning over as far as possible so he got a great view of her awesome breasts down her unbuttoned blouse.
I had to hand it to Mr. Miller though, he dealt with everything Robin threw at him extremely well and always in a professional manner. He never responded in any way to Robin's treachery, not even when she got carried away and literally rubbed her breasts against his shoulder as she would lean from behind to show him something.
Mr. Miller was no dummy and obviously knew the best way to deal with someone like Robin was to ignore her because it was his attention she really wanted. I'm sure she wanted his attention AND his cock if she could have it. I had it on pretty good authority that Robin had fucked several of the teachers in her high school career and there were even some rumors about her back in middle school.
Academically she wasn't the brightest bulb on the string yet somehow she made the honor roll every semester. Robin may not have the highest SAT scores but that didn't mean she was dumb! Sometimes "street smarts" can trump "book smarts".
Chapter 2 - Class Pervert
=========================
The second semester was almost done with graduation now in sight. I'd celebrated my 18th birthday a few weeks before and was all set to head for college. One day after class started and we were seated I thought that I heard someone messing around in the small lab room directly behind our classroom.
There was a door leading to it right behind the lab table where Robin and I sat with blinds that were always shut. I'd taken a brief peek in there shortly after classes had started to quench my curiosity but since then I'd never ventured back into the room. It was not much more than an oversize closet with some lab equipment and a sink.
Today was the first sign I'd ever seen or heard that anyone ever used the mysterious back room. The door opened briefly and Mark, the senior class nerd, stepped out and went to Mr. Miller's office.
Mark was so far ahead of everyone else that apparently he spent most of his time in self-study classes since he'd already aced all the regular classes in his junior year. Mark was the perfect image of the school nerd; short and dorky looking, shy to the point of being afraid of girls, and always managed to dress funny without even trying.
It would've shocked me if he wasn't still a virgin as I'd never heard of anyone ever going out with him. He was always quiet as a church mouse and after the first week or so I had forgotten all about him. One day when we were getting ready for class, Robin looked at me and giggled a bit.
"What's so funny Robin?? I asked. I looked down at my clothes and asked, "OK, did I spill something on my blouse?"
Robin giggled again and shook her head. Then I noticed that her eyes were pointing to the rear lab room. She leaned over and whispered to me, "Did you know that nerd Mark has been watching us from the lab room? I've noticed that the blinds move a little whenever I let my skirt ride up."
I looked at her with wide eyes and said, "You've got to be kidding! What do you think he's doing?"
"Well," Robin replied with a sly grin, "I think the little pervert's jerking off while watching the two of us through the blinds."
Then she gave me a sly grin and asked, "So what do you say? Want to help me tease the stupid peeping Tom?"
"What do you mean?" I asked.
Robin gave me a truly wicked grin saying, "Just make sure you wear a short skirt tomorrow and follow my lead."
The class was about to begin so we had to be quiet. Sitting there trying to pay attention to Mr. Miller, my mind kept wandering to what Robin had said. I had to admit I was intrigued and during the rest of the class I felt more than a bit turned on as I dreamed up various possibilities. It didn't hurt that Robin was going to be involved. As much as I loved to tease boys, even I could probably learn some lessons from Robin.
Chapter 3 - Home With My Mom
============================
After school, I couldn't wait until my mom got home from work. My mom was my closest friend and I shared everything with her. Who taught me to masturbate? My mom. Who was the first person I told when I lost my virginity? My mom. Who got me on the pill immediately afterwards? Do I need to say? She loved to wait up for me when I was out on a date so I could tell her all about it - the more details the better.
It was like she was reliving her high school years through me but I didn't mind. There are things I can't tell even my closest girlfriends at school but with mom, nothing is off limits. My mom had sex with her dad as well as with her sister so she was able to relate to my situation with my dad. Of all the people I knew, my mother was one the most wise and moral of anyone and I trusted her advice and usually took her suggestions - and later wished I had those times when I didn't.
My dad was working late as usual so it was just me and mom for most of the evening. She'd brought home supper which we shared while watching TV in the family room. Both of us had changed out of our clothes and I was wearing one of my dad's newest shirts while she had on a long nightshirt that fell well below her knees.
"You know, your dad's gonna have a fit when he see that on you," my mom teased me, "He's only worn that shirt once."
"I know, why do you think I picked it?" I replied and we both giggled, "Besides, I doubt he'll complain TOO much."
My mom just shook her head in mock resignation. I knew she was just teasing me as after all, she was the one who mentioned my dad had some new shirts in the closet. I loved wearing men's shirts in the evening, even if I took them off when I went to bed. They were loose and comfortable and sometimes I didn't even button them up, depending on my dad's mood for the night.
After some small talk I turned to my mom and told her about Robin's suggestion for me. I told her about Mark and how Robin thought he'd been masturbating in school.
"In school?" my mom said incredulously, "I can't believe anyone would be that stupid. Maybe in the restroom but not in class."
I explained to her how the lab room was isolated in the rear of the class and how the window was protected by the blinds. Even so, I could tell from the look on her face that she still wasn't buying it. I had to admit, I'd never seen anything myself but why would Robin lie about something like that?
"Well, I've heard more than a few things about that girl," my mom huffed, "It wouldn't surprise me that she just wanted to get you in trouble. You know, I was told she was doing it with your old principal - right in his office!"
I just laughed. Everyone in school had heard that one and while Robin would never confirm or deny it, it WAS true that he had resigned under some rather bizarre circumstances so who knows?
"Well, I don't see what harm it could cause," my mom said, finally giving in to me, "Just don't do anything with your teacher - OK?"
I promised her and went over to her chair and gave her a kiss. We hugged and for the rest of the evening we just watched TV while I did some homework. My dad was really running late so I ended up going to bed before he got home so he never got to see me in his shirt. Oh well, maybe the next night?
I slipped in bed and the sheets felt cold against my bare skin but quickly warmed up as the comforter captured my body heat. I was tired but thoughts about the next day kept my mind churning and I felt a familiar twinge between my legs. The more I thought about it, the more excited I was getting and it wasn't about teasing some poor boy.
No, my thoughts were centered around someone else - Robin. God she was so sexy and beautiful. I would've given anything to have a body like hers! Everything I had, she had just a little bit better. Her dark hair was long and natural wavy while mine was to my shoulders and straight regardless of all attempts I'd made. My boobs were slowly appearing but hers were right out of Playboy - full and firm with nipples that always seemed to be poking through her clothes. My figure wasn't all that bad but she was classic with a perfect waist and hips. Her legs belonged on a lingerie package while mine still thin and filling out. Most times I was jealous of her but with the lights out and me laying nude on my bed, I imagined what it would be like to be with her.
Chapter 4 - Masturbating About Robin
====================================
Other than my mom and aunt, I'd never had sex with another woman. Sure I've masturbated numerous times with my cousin and friends but we never touched each other when we did it.
I couldn't help but wonder what would it be like to touch Robin, to feel her perfect body pressed up against mine, her large boobs against my own and our pussies pressing up against one another.
As thoughts of Robin's sensational body filled my imagination, my hand moved between my legs and I raised my knees up and spread them apart as I began to touch myself while my other hand slowly caressed my boobs. My finger ran tight little circles around my clit and I gasped when I pushed it inside of my wet pussy, drawing the lubrication up and out to wet my clit more. God it felt so good to touch myself!
As all my friends will testify, I LOVE to masturbate and typically did it at least once or twice a day although more if I was particularly horny. It had nothing to do with whether or not I was getting laid - I just loved to do it. Sometimes I would do myself after a guy fucked me and had fallen asleep or otherwise lost interest after coming. It was more unusual for me NOT to do it in the morning than it was to do it. Unless I had a desperate need to use the bathroom, I almost always masturbated before I even got out of bed. Different people have different times when they are naturally horny. For me, it's right after I've woken up. Sometimes before I rub the sleep from my eyes I already have one hand between my legs!
It didn't take long for me to get myself worked up to the point of having an orgasm. Usually when I cum I am dreaming of being fucked by somebody or sucking some incredible cock but in this case I imagined myself in a 69 with Robin with me on top. As my pussy burst with pleasure I dreamed of Robin's tongue playing on my sensitive clit while my face was pressed between her incredibly soft thighs and my mouth over her well-fucked pussy. As my pussy cum gushed from me, I dreamed of Robin licking it up like a cat at a bowl of milk and then she was cumming as well, drenching my face with her tasty cum.
Once my orgasm had died down I collapsed in bed and panted while I tried to catch my breath. God, what could feel better than an orgasm? Not even drugs could possibly make me feel this good although if it was anything like this, then I could sympathize with drug addicts as I was addicted to my orgasms as much as any heroin addict. The best part was, masturbation was legal and I could do it anytime I wanted!
Chapter 5 - Sucking My Dad's Dick
=================================
The next morning I woke up and after my typical masturbation session and washroom duties, I was back in my room debating what to wear. I wasn't really sure what Robin had in mind and again I wondered if she was just pulling some practical joke on me.
Well, I finally decided that I had nothing to lose so I picked out one of my shorter skirts, one that my dad had bought me a little while back when we were out just having some fun. I'd had never worn to school before because it was several inches shorter than the school dress code allowed and it wasn't like the dress code was all that conservative to start with.
With a skirt this short, odds were that someone would be seeing underneath it more than once during the day so I decided to wear a relatively conservative white thong. It wasn't the sexiest I had and covered my ass more than most of my thongs did but it was still better than wearing panties. Going without anything underneath my skirt would've been a lot naughtier but I was out to have fun, not get suspended and sent home before homeroom was over!
Gathering my books and coat, I went downstairs where to my surprise, my dad was sitting at the table drinking coffee.
"Hey Dad!" I said with a note of surprise, "What are you doing here so late?"
My dad grinned and explained that my mom had told him all about my plans for the day. "Well, you couldn't expect me to just go to work without seeing for myself what you chose to wear, could you?" Then he looked me over and smiled when he saw my skirt.
"Hmmm, I remember buying you that one," he said, licking his lips just a bit, "I ALSO remember what you did with it when we got home!"
I giggled at his comments and indeed, I remembered as well how I'd worn it just long enough to strip if off as he watched my every move. My dad got up and gave me a big hug. Then we kissed, our mouths open and tongues meeting as I felt his hands grab my butt through my skirt and then work their way underneath. He lifted up my skirt and ran his hands over my ass. Then he felt my thong and stepped back to take a look for himself.
"You're wearing THAT to school?" he said with a note of surprise as he lifted up my skirt enough to get a good view of my thong-coved butt. "A little suggestive, don't you think?"
"Oh daddy!" I said, trying to sound exasperated.
"Seriously baby, you might want to reconsider," he said tenderly, "Besides, a pair of white panties can be even more of a tease in the right time and place."
He had a point and I considered for a moment what he said. If there was one thing my dad knew, it was about teasing and seduction. I learned a lot from being with him and although they may not have known it, many a guy owed the performance they received from me to my dad.
I put my finger up before he could say anything else and raced up to my bedroom where I pulled off the thong and rummaged through my drawer to find some cotton panties. I knew I had at least one pair in there somewhere and finally I found them. They were like new - when was the last time I had worn panties period? I quickly slipped them on and ran down the steps to returned to the kitchen.
My dad was waiting rather impatiently and so I turned around to face away from him. Keeping my legs straight, I leaned over until my fingers touched the floor, letting my skirt ride up for him to see my ass.
"Oh yeah, now THAT'S what I'm talking about!" my dad exclaimed. "How many time do I have to tell you not to give away the whole package when you can tease them just with a preview."
Straightening up and arranging my skirt, I turned back to face him. Well, if the bulge in his pants was any indication, this outfit did indeed turn him on more. With a foxy smile I walked up to him and grabbed his crotch with my left hand. I could feel his hardening cock through his slacks and he took in a sharp breath as I squeezed his dick in my hand through them.
"Ummmmm, don't you need to get going to school?" he asked hoarsely.
I looked up at his face and saw the lust in his eyes. There is something incredibly erotic about seeing your own father getting all worked up over you. No matter what he might say, he wanted me now and I knew nothing would please him more than to give myself to him right then and there.
It was true that I DID need to get going so there wasn't time for a full fucking but I could at least suck his cock. After all, it wouldn't have been fair to turn him on this way and then just leave him with his erection and lust unfulfilled. Indeed, wasn't it my duty as his daughter to take care of his needs, especially when it comes to his sexual desires? Besides, the thought of going to school with the aftertaste of my dad's cum in my mouth fresh in my mouth was too tempting to pass up.
"Here... let me take care of you daddy," I whispered to him as I dropped to my knees.
"Oh yes baby," my dad groaned, not even a playful hint of resistance remained as his natural desires and lust overcame him, "You know what I want Kelly."
Oh indeed I did! I knew that few things pleased my father more than to have his only daughter suck his cock. My mom tried to explain it to me when I first started doing it, to ensure that I understood that his lust for me was not JUST sexual. She told me that he had wanted more children and that because she couldn't have more, I was all he had. Being intimate with me was his way of showing me just how special I was to him.
Even so, I knew there was more to it than she wanted to tell me, maybe more than she would even accept or believe. I could see it in my dad's eye, especially at times like this. As I undid his pants I looked up into his eyes and saw it again, the intense lust, the passionate desire, the unrelenting sexual needs that seemed to consume him at times and could only be completely fulfilled by his daughter.
It thrilled me to know that my father needed me so badly. Imagine how proud it made me to know that I was the only person in the world that he could turn to at times like this!
My heart was beating so hard it felt like it would burst from my chest. I pulled down his slacks and grabbed his boxer shorts by the elastic waist band and pulled them down as well, allowing his stiff cock to emerge in front of me.
I looked at it and I felt the most intense mixture of love and lust. Love because I knew that I was the one he was hard for because he loved me so much. Lust because I also knew he was hard for me because I was a young teenage girl offering herself over to him totally and completely, without hesitation or regret.
"Watch me daddy," I called up to him softly, "Watch me suck your cock."
It wasn't necessary, he wouldn't have missed watching me no matter what happened at this point. Like, I think our pastor could've walked in the front door at this moment and my father wouldn't have cared. I could see the distant look in his eyes, the way his tongue played on his dry lips, the way his fingers stroked gently through my hair. He was my father and he was all mine.
Seeing his dick in front of me was exciting. I reached out with my tongue and touched the tip of his cock, flickering it over it like a snake reaching out to sense its surroundings. The scent of his crotch still smelled of the soap he'd washed it with just an hour earlier but the musk of his sex was beginning to emerge.
I held his cock by the base, his pubic hair peeking out through my fingers as my mouth surrounded his cock and I slowly took it in until about half of him was in my mouth. My lips tightened around him and I began to slowly stroke his cock in and out of my mouth.
"Oh god Kelly, that feels so good," my dad whispered hoarsely to me. He took my head in his strong hands and began to push and pull me into his crotch, setting the pace for my cocksucking.
"Deeper... go deeper," he called out softly to me, "Take it all in your mouth."
At the same time, he pulled my head more sharply into his groin, forcing his cock down into my throat. I almost gagged the first time but I relaxed my throat and took him in. He pulled me head even harder into his crotch, forcing every inch of his cock into my mouth and throat. Just as I was about to cry out for air, he pulled me by the hair away from him and I gasped loudly as I tried to catch my breath.
"Again," he commanded me, "Take it again... ALL of it."
He didn't wait for me to respond but instead forced his cock back into my mouth again. He repeated this several times, pushing his cock into my throat and then allowing me to just catch my breath long enough before shoving it down me again.
"Now suck just the head and stroke me," I barely heard him say.
I did as he said, taking just the head of his stiff cock into my mouth with my lips sealing just down on his smooth shaft under the lip of his head. I started to stroke his cock with my right hand, sliding easily up and down his shaft which was still wet from having just been in my mouth. I just kept stroking him and stroking him, until finally my arm began to tire and so I switched hands.
I was beginning to think he was never going to cum when I heard him groan loudly.
"Don't stop... oh god don't stop now... I'm cumming!" he called out loudly.
Suddenly I felt his hairy crotch pressing into my face and then his cock shot out its first stream of incestual cum into my mouth. I felt the warmth of it striking the back of my throat and beginning to fill my mouth. He kept cumming and cumming as I tried valiantly to keep it all in my mouth but it was too much for me to hold.
I couldn't swallow with his cock in my mouth so I loosened my lips enough to let it spill out and drip down my chin onto the floor below me. Finally he finished and I let his spent cock slip from my mouth. It took several tries to swallow it all down and I knew it would be a while before the strong aftertaste cleared but that didn't matter - I loved it. Looking up at my dad, I saw he was smiling as he stroked my hair away from my face.
"Did you like that daddy?" I asked in a soft voice, "Did I make you happy?"
My dad lifted me up to my feet and looked into my eyes. He smiled and kissed me on the cheek (he was never one for tasting his own cum).
"Oh Kelly... you are the most wonderful daughter any father could ever ask for," he said in a low deep voice.
That was all he said but it was enough for me. I'd pleased my dad and what more could I ask for?
I went to the kitchen to wipe off my chin and then came back to clean up the cum that had dripped to the floor. Grabbing my school stuff, I gave my dad a peck on the cheek and said goodbye.
It was only a few blocks to school so wasn't long before I was walking down the halls, wondering if anyone had a clue as to why I was smiling so broadly so early in the morning. The aftertaste of my dad's cum was still strong in my mouth and it reminded me of how good it had made me feel when he came. I wondered if he was thinking of me know as he was driving to work? All in all, not a bad way to start out the day!
Chapter 6 - Robin Takes My Panties
==================================
Even though I wasn't exactly the most conservative dresser in school, this particular skirt was not part of my typical wardrobe and I loved the extra attention I was getting because of it. A couple of the older female teachers gave me a second look and at one point I was sure that I was going to called into the principal's office or something but thankfully nothing happened. I guess they knew me well enough by now to know it was better to ignore me than to call even more attention to me.
Later, as I was walking down the crowded hallway heading towards chemistry class, Robin caught up with me from behind, grabbed my arm and pulled me over against the lockers. Her flash was flushed and she seemed to be extremely excited about something. She looked around and then whispered in my ear softly, "Nice skirt Kelly - can't believe they're letting you wear it. Now hurry up and come into the girl's room with me."
She didn't say anything else but just kept her grip on my upper arm and literally pulled me inside. Once the door had closed I was surprised that we had the place all to ourselves. It was almost time for the bell to ring again so I guess everyone was in class instead. Robin stood back a couple of feet from me, looked me over and nodded in approval.
"Damn Kelly, you really look hot in that skirt! You know, you should wear that one more often."
Before I could answer she just grinned circled around behind me saying, "There IS just one little bitty thing to do before class though..."
With that she reached under my skirt and before I could react, she'd pulled my panties down to my ankles. My eyes widened and for a second I was too shocked to say anything. Robin just laughed at my reaction.
"C'mon, lift your foot Kelly so I can get these off. Hurry up before someone comes in!"
As you might imagine, I was taken by surprise and in my confusion I couldn't help but do what she said so I lifted each foot and then she stood up with my panties dangling from one finger.
"Cute panties Kelly - your mom buy these for you or what? Don't worry, wanna see mine?"
With that she lifted up her own skirt to reveal she was also not wearing anything whatsoever underneath! I couldn't help but notice she was also completely shaved as well with a little rose tattoo right above her clit. I didn't have time to make out what the writing was above it as she turned around to show off her ass.
"So tell me Kelly, you like my ass?" she said with a smirk, "I mean, you look at it so much in class I figured you wouldn't mind a better view."
My cheeks burned as I blushed while she quickly dropped her skirt back down and straightened it out. Robin rolled her eyes and giggled again at me. "Oh c'mon hun, gimme a break. I've heard all about you so don't pull that innocent schoolgirl crap with me. Come on, let's go have some fun in class."
Thankfully she handed my panties to me and I stuffed them in my purse just in time as group of freshmen girls walked in. Robin and I just looked at each other and I couldn't help but giggle nervously. Even though I often went without panties to school, I'd never done it while wearing a skirt this short and I felt incredibly self-conscious as we walked down the hall to the classroom. I could feel my bare ass rubbing against the fabric of my short skirt and knew it wouldn't take much bending over for someone to see that it was all I had on.
Remembering Robin's earlier comment, I was indeed more than a little surprised that neither of us hadn't been sent home today for wearing such revealing outfits. Well, maybe not so surprised about Robin. Most of us figured she had to be screwing the half the school board to get away with some of her antics.
As we entered the classroom, Mark pushed his way by us and disappeared quickly into his little room. Even as abrupt as he had been, I knew he had to have seen our outfits and I had this premonition that he'd be keeping even a closer eye on the two us today.
Chapter 7 - Masturbating in Class
=================================
As luck would have it, Mr. Miller announced he would be showing us a really boring film. Actually he didn't say it was boring but those were the only type you see in science classes. "Boring science class movie" - sort of redundant when you think about it. He turned off the lights and the room was dark with the only light coming from the projector located in the middle of the room plus whatever made its way past the window blinds.
My eyes quickly adjusted to the dim lighting and it was enough such that I was able to make out everyone in the room although not enough that I could've read anything. Mr. Miller took a his usual seat at his desk at the front of the room, leaving Robin and me to ourselves in the back of the room.
No sooner had the movie started than Robin turned towards me and shifted on her stool slightly, just enough to pull her short skirt up high on her thighs. I figured she hadn't gotten me to take my panties off just to watch her tease, so with a hint of a smile on my face, I did the same. I crossed over my left leg so she would be able to a full view of my upper thigh as my skirt hiked its way upward.
Normally I would've tugged it down but in this case I shifted my weight which just made it ride up even higher until I was literally sitting bare-ass on the stool. Robin smiled naughtily and turned directly towards me. Uncrossing her legs, she spread them apart just enough for me to see her crotch.
My eyes were now fully adjusted to the light, enough such that I could just make out the slit between her legs and I felt my own pussy starting to react. Not to be outdone, I did the same with my legs so now both of us had our eyes on the other's crotch. From that point on, I don't think either of us looked at the movie again!
Robin's eyes motioned to the back door and I glanced out the corner of my eye to see what she was trying to point out. Sure enough, there was a slight opening in the blinds and I could have sworn I saw someone peeking between them.
Hmmmmmm, so Mark was indeed watching us... well that just made the game all the more fun! I wondered if Robin was right about Mark. Did he really jerk off behind the door while he watched us? Was he doing it now?
I felt myself getting wetter as I imagined him with his pants unzipped and his stiff cock sticking out, stroking it with one hand while he pushed aside the blinds just enough to witness Robin and me teasing each other. Hopefully he was watching as I love it when a boy jerks off for me, knowing he's all hard and horny because of me. Seeing a guy cum all over his hand as he fantasizes about fucking me has got to be one of the most erotic things a guy can do for me.
I wondered if Mark was going to cum soon, spilling his warm cum over his hand as he imagined himself being with Robin and me, the two of us sucking and fucking him like he always dreamed of but had never experienced.
With these opening moves it was apparent that Robin and I now had a little game of dare going on between us. From the beginning I should have known that I didn't have a chance in one-upping her but even so, I would've still tried.
Robin placed one hand between her legs and started rubbing her bare pussy. Once again I took the dare and now both of us were rubbing our pussies.
Before she could do more, I decided to go one up on Robin and so I slipped my middle finger up into my pussy. It went in easily as I was soaking wet by now and it caused me to shudder slightly, forcing me to stifle what was almost an audible gasp. I quickly looked around to see if anyone had heard anything, not sure if I'd actually done anything or not.
Oh well, I must now have as everyone was watching the film, everyone but Robin that is. I think I even took Robin a bit by surprise; she probably figured she would be the leader in this little game. Not to be outdone, Robin slipped two fingers inside her slutty pussy and then started fucking herself with them slowly.
God she looked so hot! This was crazy... I couldn't believe we were doing this in class!
The film was supposed to last twenty minutes or so and by the clock that meant it was about half over so there wasn't a whole lot of time left. Robin gave me a demure smile which I took as a warning that something else was coming. Sure enough, she pushed her fingers as far as she could into her pussy, left them in for a few seconds, then pulled them out and put them in her mouth to taste her pussy juices. My eyes widened but I wasn't ready to cry uncle yet.
I repeated her moves and both of us grinned at each other, knowing we were being really naughty yet totally thrilled by the experience.
The game continued as I rubbed my clit faster and faster while Robin doing the same. Once again, I couldn't believe we were actually doing this!! On one hand I was a little scared that someone was going to catch us yet at the same time I had this incredibly voyeuristic thrill I get whenever I'm doing something naughty in public. The difference was this was the first time I'd ever done anything this blatant in class.
I'd rubbed myself a little before in class but never actually masturbated like this. The combination of sensual sensations and erotic feelings was driving me to what I knew was going to be a great orgasm and I wasn't about to stop for anything at this point. Hell, I was so horny I think the projector could've stopped and the lights come to give everyone a view and I STILL wouldn't have stopped. There was no way I could be this close to an orgasm and not get there!
I felt my face flush and my pussy began to drip cum onto my stool as I closed my eyes and let the waves of pleasure overwhelm me. It took every bit of willpower not to gasp or cry out when what felt like a jolt of electricity shocked my entire body as my orgasm came to its climax. I pushed my fingers deep into my pussy, dreaming they were a fat cock that was swelling in me as it started to shoot its load of sperm deep inside my welcoming pussy. In the back of my mind I realized I where I was yet instead of dampening my climax it just made it rise even higher. My god, I was climaxing right in the middle of chemistry class!
Slowly the burning sensations died down and the tingling in my pussy faded away. I opened my eyes to see Robin staring at me, her mouth still open slightly after watching me cum. Her eyes were like saucers and when she saw me looking at her a huge grin came to her face. She was licking her lips and I had a feeling that if we had been alone things would have been getting pretty interesting about now.
I let out a deep breath and put my fingers in my mouth, savoring the flavor of my cum. God it tasted so good! As much as I enjoyed male cum, nothing beat the taste of a pussy - especially my own.
The movie was almost over so we straightened ourselves up and adjusted our skirts. By the time the lights had come back on we just sat there looking all cute and innocent as if nothing had happened.
Mr. Miller was eyeing us with this questioning look and I wondered if he suspected anything. I don't see how he could have from the front of the room yet at the same time I could feel the flushness that was still in my face so he had to be wondering what had caused that. Combined with our outfits was he putting two and two together? If so, he never said a word and the rest of the class went on as normal although my pussy was so sensitive I had to keep my legs crossed to keep it happy.
Chapter 8 - After Class
=======================
When the class was over we hung around until Mark came out. Robin winked at him and I gave him a sexy smile. Mark blushed instantly before he could look away. He had such a guilty look on his face we knew he must have been watching us. He hurried out of the room but Robin went back into Mark's private little lab room. I followed her wondering what she as going to do. When I entered she was looking though the trash can.
"What in the world are you looking for?" I asked.
'I know it's in here," Robin replied as she rummaged through the paper. Suddenly she grabbed something and cried out, "Ah ha! I knew it!"
I looked at what she was holding - it was just a wadded up piece of paper towel from the dispenser next to the sink.
"What in the world are you talking about Robin?" I asked, totally mystified.
Robin sniffed the paper towel and handed it to me. Immediately I could see it was stained with a creamy, faintly yellow substance and when I smelled it I knew exactly what it was. After all, I'd smelled and tasted it dozens of times in the past, not to mention just this morning. Someone had recently cum in the paper towel and I knew it could've been only one person - Mark. We both looked at each other and broke out laughing.
"Oh my god Kelly," Robin exclaimed, "Well, I don't blame the little pervert for jerking off. Even I couldn't believe the show you were putting on! Damn girl, I never dreamed you would get so carried away you little slut!"
Coming from Robin, that was quite a compliment so I just smiled and looked behind us. The classroom had emptied and nobody was in sight. I reached up to her and planted a kiss on her mouth. She never hesitated, responding back to me with a passion and lust that confirmed what I'd suspected earlier.
We held it for a few seconds and then released, smiling at each other as we both seemed to be a bit surprised at ourselves. Robin gave me a wink saying, "You know Kelly, you're one hot little bitch. You wouldn't be interested in getting together sometime, would you?"
From the sly look on her face and the way she teasingly licked her lips, I knew she wasn't interested in just chatting! I'd never done anything with another girl and so I panicked just a bit.
"Ummmmm... thanks Robin and I appreciate it but no thanks. So... are you going to the restroom to put on your panties?" I asked, looking to change the subject
Robin laughed saying, "Not today, why do you think I only pick classes with male teachers? Besides, you've got me so horny now I'm going to have to take it out on a few of the poor guys today or I may just burst!"
We left the classroom and went our separate ways. I decided the hell with it, why not leave my panties off? To make sure I didn't chicken out I dumped them into a waste can along the way. My heart skipped a beat as I thought about what would happen if someone saw my bare ass but just the same I felt that familiar twinge in my pussy I get whenever I'm doing something naughty.
It had been a lot of fun and even though I doubted we would ever do such a thing again, I would never look at chemistry class the same way again!
I doubted that Mark would either!
THE END