Copyright PennameWombat July 2020
The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This is my entry for theLiteroticaNude Day 2020 contest. I hope that you enjoy this tale.
Thank you for reading.
Tags: Anal sex, Big cock, Blow jobs, Bukkake, Cunnilingus, Deep throat, Exhibitionist, Public sex, Strap-on, Threesomes
*****


Surprise!


Rachel stepped quickly the few steps needed to open the door to her tiny hotel room in response to the sharp knocks. She opened the door with a broad smile to the scowling face of her friend. The brunette was a bit taller than her and with both in the required heels Rachel's happy brown eyes had to look up to meet grey eyes where amusement was not the primary emotion.
"You look so hot, Diana," Rachel said, "ready for dinner?"
"I have no bras in my suitcase," the response was barely controlled anger, "well, no real ones. And these shirts are almost see through."
"Oh," the jaunty response, "they're not ALMOST see through. C'mon."
She reached and took her friend's left arm with her hand and pulled her into the room and led her into the bathroom.
"They're only almost see through when it's kinda dark," she flipped the switch for the bright makeup lights arrayed across the top of the mirror, "in bright light they're TOTALLY see through. This is so much better than showing a silly bra."
Rachel laughed softly at Diana's hard inhale then she stepped to stand mostly behind the other woman and put her hands on the flat belly before her hands followed the snug fabric upwards until they cupped two large breasts. In the bright light the thin and clinging cloth showed every bit of smooth round flesh and their bright pink nipples that were slightly erect.
"I wish I were a lesbian, the things I'd do to these awesome tits," Rachel's voice a husky whisper with her chin on the frozen Diana's right shoulder and two sets of loose brown hair mingled, her fingers rose just enough to encourage the nipples to rise from their near-slumber. Her friend grabbed her wrists and pushed the hands down.
"Stop that! It's like... oh... my... god! It's like I don't even have a shirt on!"
"It's better than not having a shirt, it's just enough cover...," Rachel purred, "the men out there will be so excited we'll HEAR their woodies popping."
Diana pulled her friend from behind her and looked at their reflections.
"Shi... I thought MY shirt was tight, Rachel! Did they send you the wrong size too?"
"They sent me exactly the ones I ordered," she said brightly, "and I doubt they made a mistake on what you ordered."
Diana pushed the laughing Rachel to the dimmer bedroom before Rachel stepped quickly and turned to the right to stand at the foot of the bed in front of the built-in closet. She did a quick spin to see an expression of shocked surprise.
"Your skirt... they sent you too small ones too and..."
"Darn. I must've checked the next smaller size on the skirts too. And, well, what are you wearing under yours?"
The crew had all been provided with clothes for the week, this first night the women had pleated blue miniskirts and tight, short-sleeved, deep scoop-neck tee-shirts in thin, white cloth and their choice of heels. The proviso for those was they be at least four inches, more was fine.
Each had been allowed to order from a selection of clothing sizes with the directive that they aim for the smallest reasonable fit. Diana's expression made clear as she looked Rachel up and down that her happy friend had taken that directive and subtracted another notch. Then she frowned.
"Under. Yeah, about that. When I unpacked all of the bras and panties I KNOW I'd packed weren't in my suitcase."
"Well, there weren't any in my suitcase either."
"Hmmf. You barely even own any."
"Like I even need a bra. Next to you I'm like a teenage boy!"
"Yeah, right. Not like your tits are THAT small. And it's not like I can't SEE them right now."
"But yours are stupendous! I mean, who else has perfect triple dees that don't sag? I'm like two cups smaller."
"Three. Well... hey! Stop! About my underwear... Unlike you, I own plenty and I know I packed them. And nice bras. All that was in my bag was those... those weird ones you buy me. And a couple of running bras."
"They're not weird. Just open cup. You need to let those beautiful nipples breathe."
Diana closed her eyes and exhaled slowly.
"Last time. I'm wearing a miniskirt, and this is the longest one they gave us and what, barely covers a few inches. And I'm commando!"
"Me too, so? And my skirt's even shorter!"
Diana closed her eyes again and exhaled slowly then seemed to count to three. She opened her eyes as slits and crossed her arms below those stupendous breasts.
"I lied to the TSA. I told them I'd packed my bags..."
"Well, you did. I UNpacked a few things, maybe... I didn't add anything," Rachel's smile was sly and her head tilted slightly, "you have your running shorts if you don't want to properly wear your minis."
"I'm not twelve years ol—-"
Diana's response was cut short by hard knocks on the door and muffled but loud voices. Rachel grinned and hurriedly opened the door. The other three young women who'd been assigned to their 'pod' stood there. Sue's fiery red hair shook as she barely kept her poised fist held still. Lisa's blonde and Ivy's black-with-that-hint-of-red heads behind her shook. All three were in identical pleated minis and tight white tees to the two women already in the room. As usual, Sue was in her usual high wedges instead of the stilettos her pod mates sported.
"Ladies," Rachel said gaily, "you all look so hot!"
She backed up as the trio crowded into the narrow spaces around the bed. When this excursion had been announced they'd all been excited by being told they'd get single rooms. The previous year's summer conference hadn't and the view down hallways had offered rows of panties or bras hanging from door handles where participants hadn't wanted their extra-curricular activities disturbed. Plenty of others hadn't bothered and rumors swirled both of roommates invited to join and coitus interruptus.
The anticipation had been somewhat tempered upon arrival by the discovery that each 'single' room was just that, a single bed in a room with just enough space to walk around the bed on each side. Fortunately one wall was all glass and with no rooms on the ground floor each offered a faux-balcony, a built-in closet and dresser the width of the room at the foot of the bed and a built-in desk and table combination that stretched from the door to the bathroom. Unfortunately the windows offered what could only charitibally called a 'view.' But at least they weren't boxes.
But that wasn't the immediate concern of Rachel's visitors. Sue's expression acquired a touch of lust as she eyed Diana from her legs up, the curvaceous brunette's nipples had fully responded to Rachel's earlier attention and her exasperated mood.
"She did it to you, too?" It took Diana a moment to understand but then she exhaled sharply and nodded. All four young women turned their glares toward Rachel.
"Moi? Might I be told what I'm being accused of?" She smiled and her head tilted slightly again.
"You changed our clothing orders," Sue said, two heads nodded with her and Diana's mouth opened wide before she nodded too, "shrank everything a size!"
"I'm not saying I did anything like that," Rachel's lilt met by snorts, "but I think you all look perfect! Not like my order was a size too small."
"Yours was TWO sizes too small! And," the three newcomers turned to Diana, "it looks like you all just happened to decide to not wear bras either?"
"Apparently," Ivy, despite being the shortest her chest was essentially the same as Diana's and the dark chocolate color of her nipples showed through her shirt clearly and offered a slight contrast to skin two tones lighter, said, "we ALL somehow FORGOT to pack any..."
"And panties," Sue added, they all turned back to Rachel, "just amazing coincidence we ALL forgot all of our underwear..."
Rachel's wrist bugled out a cavalry charge while a couple of other wrists offered less strident alarms.
"Time for talking's over, ladies," she said as she tapped it quickly and it went silent, "we've got work to do! I guess we're all wearing what we're wearing! C'mon, let's move!"


Orientation


Rachel pushed everyone into the hall where they were caught up in a laughing tide of bodies. Diana planted her feet as the tide of bodies they'd entered crashed around her.
"Wait," she said as she turned and cupped her hands a few inches from her breasts and looked at the grinning Rachel, pinned against the closed door of her room, "we have to walk through the casino!"
A murmur had started amongst the crowd as it tried to bypass the five women but Diana's tone had attracted attention and widened eyes indicated appraisals beyond the aural.
"Of course," Rachel said, she put her hands on her hips and pushed her chest out slightly to appreciative stares, "we're in Vegas. To go ANYWHERE you have to go through the casino. Or you can go outside."
"Yuck," Sue offered to that suggestion. Depending on the side of the tower the view was a large parking garage or an eight-lane freeway. A bucolic walk was not on offer.
"Right," said Rachel, "besides, it's dusk and I want to see the sky through that glass dome. I bet it'll be neat."
Murmured assents supported her in that. Their two buses from the airport had dropped them directly at what their crew had immediately dubbed 'the servant's quarters.' It was a thin tower of fifteen floors and offered its own 'front' desk and a restaurant that looked like a glorified cafeteria but the few of their crew who'd been here previously said its food was well above its decor.
A tall and muscular man stopped behind Diana and put his hands onto her waist. She jumped but relaxed when she heard him.
"Hey, Diana, you look fine. More than fine."
The curvy brunette hit six feet plus with her heels but the young man still needed to lean his head as he stepped closely behind her to get his mouth near her ear. She put her hands on top of his and didn't move when he pressed his body tightly behind her.
"You're looking fine yourself, Jay," Sue said in a low voice, Diana huffed at her. Laughs surrounded them as the last few rooms emptied out and the hallway filled with the vast majority of the sixty people in their crew, two-thirds of that number young women all dressed in the blue, pleated minis and white t-shirts. The young men were in thin, tight slacks the same blue as the minis and their own tight, white t-shirts.
"C'mon," Rachel said over the hubbub, "let's move!"
That broke the spell and laughter filled the hall as the wave of humanity broke against the bank of four elevators and multiple fingers mashed the down button to get them off of the eighth floor. Rachel led Sue to stuff themselves into the second set of opened doors.
"Lost the others," Rachel said as bodies pushed tightly together.
"Diana won't mind," Sue said with a laugh, "we'll hook up in the conference center."
As the door closed Rachel was forced against Sue, the redhead pushed herself against her friend before she felt her hand taken by the brunette. Rachel guided her hand to the left until it contacted something.
No. Someone.
She looked. He wasn't as tall as Jay but his muscles were as toned, his olive skin smooth. Like all of the boys his hair was swept back on top and closely trimmed on each side. She liked that the girls had been given more flexibility in length and style, their only rule to keep it loose while on duty.
But then Sue's mouth opened as Rachel's eye's glittered at her when their hands found their target. Her fingers followed Rachel's as they traced downward against tubular flesh. Impressively long tubular flesh.
She looked again at the young man's face. Like half of their full crew she didn't know him, guessed that Rachel didn't either. The brunette glanced at the boy's face and her eyes drew Sue to lean and put her ear next to her friend's mouth.
"I've got my strap ons," she whispered, "want this awesome cock up your ass or your cunt? I'll take the other. Then we'll trade."
She pulled back and they both looked at the boy's handsome face, his breath slightly quickened with their attention. His eyes made clear he'd either heard Rachel or had guessed at her point.
"I'm Rafe," his hand found the bare flesh of Sue's upper thigh and moved upward to find the uncovered swell of her ass. She shifted slightly to allow more access and caught sight of his other hand hidden between Rachel's legs. She looked up and Rachel winked.


The Procession


Rafe had an arm around Rachel's and Sue's shoulders at the head of the blue and white mass of loud and laughing people as they walked through the hall, the two women's arms around their escort's waist. They led everyone along a short hall and made a right where it teed at a long hallway that was one of many that connected almost all of the casino-resorts to each other. This largely freed gamblers and conference-goers from ever needing to step outside, a blessing in the oven-like summers. Like most, this hallway was lined with little shops and the odd small restaurant.
Their column elongated and thinned but didn't quiet as they encountered oncoming pedestrians, shouted 'hellos' and 'come to the show tomorrow' rang out. Rachel saw a half dozen women, somewhere in their fifties or maybe sixties, in those garish pantsuits that had been standard Vegas wear for decades. The lighting wasn't like a bright summer day but as she'd shown Diana it was bright enough that six sets of eyes swiveled from her chest to Sue's. Both women stood straight and smiled broadly but then those eyes dropped and widened. Rachel and Sue caught eyes as they too looked down, Rafe made no effort to disguise the impressive prick that was held snugly down his right thigh. He asked as they came even with the women.
"Having a good time, ladies? Come to Conference Center B next two days," he caught eyes with each of them in turn, Rachel read faces that she guessed tried to remember lust, "we've got toys and clothes and more!"
"And you?" It was the one at the far end of their line with breasts obviously enhanced and light brunette hair that offered some natural grey, the only one who didn't seem to bother with a dye job, so far as Rachel could tell.
"For the right price, two for one," Rafe said as his and Rachel's eyes caught hers and held them, her friends had turned to watch the rest of the crew. The woman licked her lips quickly.
"What happens in this town, stays in this town," Rachel laughed and she and Rafe squeezed each other quickly, Sue had a look of confusion but joined in. More onlookers goggled at the ebullient mass as they passed without slowing until Rachel and her companions slowed when they entered the great dome.
Much ink had been spilled and Vegas had been roiled when the designs for the massive new casino, hotel and conference facility had been revealed. Three great towers were to be placed facing 'the Strip' and at the back a huge, new conference center. They'd be connected to a huge, circular casino. The 'servants quarters' in what was officially called the 'Economy Tower' offered inexpensive rooms and was set at a distant edge of the property to avoid distracting from the otherwise upscale accommodations and facilities on offer. The connecting hallways entered the casino dome at opposite sides, the one used by Rachel and her compatriots and one at the opposite side that led to yet more casinos and resorts.
But it was the dome that had set tongues wagging. That the Arista's casino would be in a circular space violated no known 'law' of what was accepted in extracting money from gamblers. That the space would be twelve stories high and the walls lined with balcony walkways that connected to the towers was rather unusual. That the space would be covered with a spiderweb of steel that supported a dome of glass was beyond unprecedented.
"You can't do that," screamed the traditionalists!
Rachel and her friends had been excited when this year's location had been announced, a few among the crew were only now finally old enough to savor all of the pleasures available in this city in the desert. While many in the blue and white clad mass had been to this city only a handful had seen the view that caused her and Sue to falter in their rapid stride, Rafe took a moment and he too slowed and looked up as their marching column compressed behind them.
The glass dome high above them had gone transparent with the sun's disappearance below the horizon, some secret compound allowed the glass to darken during the usually bright and sunny days. Red streaks ran through the sky and almost centered was a bright, white dot.
"What?" It was Rafe's question.
"It's the planet Venus," Rachel said, "I dated an astrophysics major in college. We'd fuck outside and it made him nuts if I named stars and planets while he fucked me! So I learned them."
The crowd behind them hushed slightly as they too left the hallway and the crowd slowed their progress. Even the pit bosses and croupiers had little choice but to pause as gamblers caught sight of tight and transparent and near-transparent clothes and gaped. With their heads back, Rachel's and Sue's and the others' breasts and nipples were well exposed.
While translucent and peek-a-boo blouses and slitted skirts and dresses weren't unusual, Rachel's pod wasn't alone in having foregone underclothes and the collective sight on view was unusual even here. She'd lobbied secretly and had convinced a number of her fellow attendees to promise to do likewise. From her quick scan before and after the elevators she thought maybe half of the women and it seemed a higher proportion of the men had followed suit.
"Conference Center B, next two days," Rachel and her two companions offered and while no one shouted chests were pushed out and promises implied, if not as explicitly as the one they'd made to the brunette with the grey highlights. Would she show, ran through Rachel's mind. Their jobs were to cover the expo booths, not publicity, but word of mouth was great advertising. But what would she be willing to pay for?


The Big Orange Intruder


Sixty voices cheered and applause rang where people had both hands immediately free as a slightly older man and woman entered the room from the left side and waved as they strode quickly into the room and up the couple of stairs to the small stage that had been placed in the front of the room.
"Pods, please," Margaret said from the stage and the members of the dozen groups who had them put plates and cups into trays along the back wall and walked into place around one of the standing tables. She was a decade or so older than most of her charges but her blue skirt wasn't any longer than theirs and her shirt was just as tight and nearly transparent. The man with her had the same thin tight blue slacks and tight tee, his crotch bulge well outlined.
Rachel tapped Diana, the latter's mood seemed much improved after Jay's attention on the walk from their rooms. Her curvy friend looked at her and she mouthed 'look' and pointed at Margaret on the stage. Diana's expression was confused for a moment but then she turned and watched. Rachel's eyes flitted from her boss to her friend before she and Sue caught eyes and smiled quickly at each other before they turned again to watch Margaret.
"Clayton, send out the assignments," the man nodded and swiveled the tablet he carried and tapped a couple of times. The wrists of everyone in the audience beeped softly.
"Those are your booths. You all know the drill, three of you on duty at all times but it's up to each pod to work out the timing amongst you. Half hour before floor opening and half hour after to chase the slow ones out. Any arguments about shift timings or no shows and they'll answer to me. And no one will be happy about that."
She walked slowly along the front of the stage and seemed to catch eyes with every individual. As she did a quick turn at the near side of the stage to Rachel's pod Diana's mouth dropped open and she quickly turned to Rachel.
"No undies," Diana mouthed.
The older woman's milk chocolate skin was smooth, her muscles toned, the curves of her hips and ass flashed as she turned. Her hair black and softly curled and as she required of every other woman fell loosely around her shoulders.
"Before we go, I'd like to compliment Rachel," Margaret looked in their direction, "in making sure her pod mates dressed appropriately."
Sue threw her arms up and cheered while Diana, Lisa and Ivy all looked at her and snorted.
"Ass kisser," Ivy mouthed.
"Happy to kiss that one," Rachel mouthed back as she quickly tilted her head toward the stage.
"Clayton, the toys," Margaret said and he set the pad onto a stool and opened a chest, "I have a special ask for Rachel so Sue, come up."
The redhead stepped quickly up the stairs as Clayton pulled a large and rubbery shape from the chest. Cheers broke out. He handed it to Margaret.
"One of your booth's new toys," she held it out and Sue's eyes went wide, "the 'Big Orange Intruder.'"
It was a foot long and Sue's fingers couldn't quite wrap completely around it. She held it with one hand and stroked it with the other and worked the bulbous head with her fingers and palm.
"Should I give it a thorough tryout tonight?" Sue smiled as she used the slightly flexible rubber to coax her nipples to full attention.
"What's better advertising than personal testimonials, eh?"
"Hey, Diana," Sue pointed the Intruder at her podmate, "if Jay doesn't take good enough care of you tonight, give me a call. WE'LL come over."
"Take a look at what he's packing," Diana pointed to the tall man amidst his pod at the next table to their right, "I wouldn't even feel that thing after HE'S done with me."
Cheers and slaps on Jay's shoulders and Margaret shooed Sue off the stage.
"Rafe," Margaret called Jay's pod leader up and as he passed her Sue held out the Intruder as she was comparing it to the young man, widened her eyes and held her palm flat a couple of inches beyond the end of the Intruder before she leaned and kissed his cheek quickly and gave a thumbs up.
Rafe was given a sucking toy modeled after the lips and mouth of a woman who went by August O'Thrill and who it was said gave the best blow jobs in the industry, with the promise that she'd drop by the booth to sign purchases on the second day. Other pods followed, including toys for the gay and lesbian pods in their crew.
After that she led them out of the room and down an undecorated hallway and through double doors watched by security guards who went from bored to attentive in a flash. She sent each pod to check out their booths and meet the owners and reps who'd be the deal makers when the pods' eye candy brought the folks in and to work out their individual schedules while PR and media teams led camera and microphone toting teams around and the crews posed in their booths and held up the toys Margaret had passed out and a few other . A couple of popular social media 'influencers' had live-streamed their impressions as they too toured the floor.
After forty-five minutes Margaret's voice came over the PA and asked everyone to come to the stage that was set up at one end of the expo hall for a series of fashion shows. There was another crew the size of Margaret's, focused on bondage gear and leather and latex fetish clothes and not shy about showing it off. Margaret's peer quickly ran through some final instructions and after a forced cheer many of the media teams and the influencers began to pack up their gear.
"Rachel, Rafe, come up please," Margaret said once she had the floor again, her hundred people cheered and the other team stopped and stared. The media teams paused as the summoned couple clasped hands and Rachel shook her ass to flare her skirt as they topped the stairs.
"Not to be too literal but for the wrap party, I have this for the ladies," Clayton handed her a folded piece of almost iridescent dark purple cloth, she unfurled it as she held it in her hands, "I've had arguments with the designer but she just calls it a 'wrap.' She's a rather strange woman, tall, her tits make Diana look flat, but I like these. She has another name that's worse, calls them atvwartor something. So, wraps. Rachel, model it for us?"
"Silky," Rachel said as she ran her hand along it and waved it around and threads woven through the cloth glittered, "and these highlights are neat. And it's a bit stretchy. Hmm, okay."
Margaret moved her hands and Rachel watched then looked at the cloth. Finally she smiled and nodded.
"Hold this," she handed it to Rafe before she grabbed the hem of her tee and pulled it off to cheers before she unsnapped her mini and let it drop and she caught it with her toe and lifted it and stood in nothing but her heels, her dark, closely trimmed landing strip nicely complemented her all-over tan which showed no lines. She traded the clothes to Rafe for the wrap and held it up.
She quickly fastened it around her neck and used a hidden hook to connect before she draped it across her shoulder blade and wrapped it around her chest and used another hook. The cloth dropped in a bunch down her left side and wrapped around her waist and split into two short pieces. Rachel draped one that fell a couple of inches past where her ass met her thighs and the other only just concealed her crotch. She spun and cheers rang out.
"That's one way to wear them," Margaret said as she unfurled a second, this one deep red but with the same woven highlights, "and they come in long but work the same way. You'll each have one that I've picked delivered to your room."
Slightly confused expressions meant the cheers were slightly muted. But Margaret looked at Rachel, the young woman was confused as well for a moment but then she nodded.
"It feels nice and smooth," Rachel spoke, "but now..."
She slipped the top to flow under her breasts and it offered uplift that was only slightly needed. Then she held the band around her waist and nodded and spun it so that the draped pieces fell down and around her hips to offer a framed highlight of her landing strip and her cute and round ass.
"Ohh, I like it, I'll be wearing it THIS way!"
Applause and whistles and cheers rang out, although a number of mouths had dropped open. The packing of the media cameras had stopped and they'd been rearranged in a semi-circle behind the mingled crews and those posted in front of the stage redoubled their picture taking with rapid flashes as Rachel did her best catwalk strut to a steady strobe of flashes, cheers and whistles. As she neared Margaret that woman handed Rafe a folded garment and took Rachel's discarded clothes and passed those onto Clayton.
"Model this for us, Rafe," Margaret said and he unfurled a short garment the same color and material as Rachel's wrap and held it in front of him.
"Toga... toga... toga...," the crowd chanted, "put it on!"
Rachel quick-stepped behind him and grabbed his waistband and pushed the trousers to his ankles, his prick sprang to half mast and quivered.
"Off... off... off..."
He shrugged as he stepped out of the cloth bunched around his ankles and Rachel rose and tossed it to Clayton. She grabbed the hem of his tee and worked it over his head and arms. She stepped around him as he slipped the toga on. It was the classic square and short design that didn't much more than just about cover his cock. It had the same odd sort-of silvery threads as Rachel's wrap but in the crossed, square lines that outlined his body and were familiar from many depictions of Ancient Rome. Rachel and Margaret squeezed in on either side and smiled for a rapid set of photos and one of the influencers posed on the floor with them as a raised background. That done Rachel stepped slightly forward and made to toss Rafe's shirt to join the other garments in Clayton's possession but she fumbled it and dropped it in front of Rafe.
"I'm such a klutz," she said, like everything caught by the omni-microphones dotted around the stage. She stepped in front of Rafe and bent quickly at the waist to reach the shirt before she pushed her exposed ass hard against him just as Margaret flicked the hem of the toga to expose his cock. His eyes widened at the contact but he held firm and Rachel ground her ass against him. She looked out at the audience with a broad smile before she reached between her legs with her right hand and licked her lips and Rafe shifted his feet slightly as Rachel moved forward slightly. After a moment Rachel pushed back and her mouth moved to a wide 'O' and Rafe's eyes closed for a moment before his hands went to Rachel's hips. She stood still as he slowly pulled back and pushed forward. Margaret nudged the couple to a ninety degree clockwise turn so they were side-on to the audience and they watched as all but the head of his rampant prick emerged before he pushed forward with Margaret's encouragement with her hand on his exposed and taut left ass cheek.
Anyone not locked by shock cheered as Margaret gripped both of Rafe's ass cheeks and pushed the speed and force of each forward stroke upward. Rachel's left hand was pressed to the floor for balance while her right remained locked between her legs. She looked quickly to the side and caught her podmates' eyes. Diana and Lisa offered surprised expressions while Ivy's arms were raised in cheers along with the bulk of the watchers.
"Deeper... harder...," the chant repeated.
Rachel winked at Sue. The redhead stood with her legs wide and had worked the Intruder under her skirt and her expression tracked Rachel's as she worked it in and out of her pussy, the sight on the stage so compelling not even those closest to her had noticed. The brunette looked forward again and arched her neck as Rafe slammed his entire shaft home and her fingers pinched and pulled at the clit that hadn't been satisfied with the raft of orgasms she'd given it herself after she and the others had arrived at the hotel and as she recalled her plans. This was better.
But it still wouldn't be enough.
The amplified sounds of Rachel's gushes and slapped flesh rang around the large hall as Rafe fucked Rachel as hard as he could. Margaret pressed against his back and worked her left hand off of his ass cheek into the cleft. His mouth popped open and the audience cheered as they guessed that she'd found his prostate with her finger and she pumped him in rhythm with his own strokes.
Rachel half-screamed as Rafe's cock and her fingers brought her to climax, her juices splashed back and ran down her lover's firm thighs. He pulled back and stopped for a heartbeat before he shoved himself completely into her and another gush of liquid splashed onto his crotch and thighs. Her scream morphed into an extended moan as her right hand went still. Rafe quickened his pumping for another series of strokes before he offered his own long moan.
"Rachel," Margaret said firmly and the brunette pulled forward and Rafe's prick sprang upward and drops of juice flew. Rachel half stood and spun quickly and dropped Rafe's shirt onto the floor and knelt in front of him. Margaret's left hand continued its work from behind Rafe as she slid around his right side to face the audience and her right hand found his wet and slick shaft.
It was Rafe's turn to arch his neck and his mouth opened in a moan as the older woman's hand worked the entire length of his flesh. Rachel opened her mouth and locked eyes with her boss. Rafe's hips jerked as Margaret aimed his massive first burst of cum to hit at the top of the kneeling young woman's nose and extend over her forehead to offer glistening white highlights in her dark and wavy hair as cameras flashed. Rafe looked down and caught her eyes as Margaret put his second spurt onto each of the waiting Rachel's cheeks. The next shot fell short and landed across her chest and each tit before Margaret pushed him forward and Rachel took half of his prick into her mouth and added her hand to the and her other hand cupped his balls.
"Drain him!" Became the chant. Rachel's pale hand contrasted with Margaret's as the younger woman's cheeks and throat drew the last of the cum from his body. Rachel's head pulled back to release the still quivering flesh and Margaret released him and moved a step away as Rachel stood quickly and threw her arms around Rafe's neck and he grabbed her bare ass and they pulled their bodies tight and kissed.
Margaret's arms rose to just above horizontal and led the applause as the couple's tongues fought for dominance. Finally the applause slowed and they broke the kiss and spun to both face the audience but with their arms around one another. They both bowed.
"Get going, everyone," Margaret said, "have fun tonight! Don't be late whoever has the opening shifts! And one more round for our excellent models!"
Rachel caught Sue's eyes amidst the cheers and winked. The redhead's cheeks were almost as red as her hair, her eyes heavily-lidded as her tongue swirled the head of the Intruder.
At the bottom of the stairs the influencer asked Rachel and Rafe to pose with her, Rachel's wrap still left her tits and pussy exposed. Rafe's cock hadn't fully relaxed and she had him nudge the toga up to ensure it was exposed as well. In her heels Rachel was all but the same height as Rafe and the top of the influencers blonde head just met their shoulders despite heels as high as Rachel's. Her areolas were exposed above the top of her bustier and her g-string left her shapely ass exposed. She promised her fans plenty of excitement the next two days and reminded her locals, 'come to the Arista, Conference Center B.'
"Let's go check out our rooftop lounge, first two drinks on our boss," Rachel said as she held Rafe close and he made no move to break the clinch and nodded agreement as their pods gathered around them, "unless some of you want time alone."
She leered at Diana and Jay, who mimicked her clench. Her curvy friend stuck out her tongue.
"C'mon, Sue," Rachel said and the redhead squeezed in on Rafe's other side and they followed the noisy crowd. Jaws dropped and once again the gambling tables went silent as the crew marched through and reminded everyone of tomorrow's conference. Sue had the Intruder pressed between her exposed tits with the bulbous orange head against her upper chest, she'd stretched her shirt to undergird them and mimic Rachel's use of her wrap. She and Rachel worked Rafe's toga to alternately hide and expose his impressive prick, especially to groups of women, a few of whom clearly didn't approve of their actions. But plenty leered in subconscious reaction.
All of Margaret's folks were paid what most of them considered a generous fee for working the conference. But it was also the case that if the number of walk-in attendees passed a set target there were a set of plateaus, passing each was an additional bonus for everyone. The media and social influencer posts were aimed at potential attendees in the city at large and to build the online streaming audience which offered a percentage count against the attendance bonuses but there were also the usual horde of tourists that were in Vegas at any time and generally too dazed to bother with anything not directly in front of them. Past experience had shown the best way to convince these sorts of folks to drop by the Arista conference center was via personal appeals and live bodies counted more readily for bonuses.
Thus, a third of the blue and white clad folks split off to wander the Arista casino and then the connected casinos and hotels further down the Strip. The rest stayed with Rachel and Rafe's pods to show off to more shoppers before they came to the intersection to their hotel tower. The intense extra-curricular on-stage fuck the two pod leaders had performed meant no one could begrudge their pods hitting the lounge instead of walking and Rachel had quietly instructed two more pods, one guys and the other girls, to come to the lounge. A few looks from other pods challenged her but she said she had work for them.
"Hey, the drink passes are good anywhere," she added, "so you won't be thirsty!"
Mass shrugs as the last three pods continued on to work casinos further along the hall. Rachel smiled when she saw that Ivy and Lisa had an armload of bras and panties, Margaret's hint having had its intended effect.
"We'll meet you up there," Lisa said as the elevator door opened on the eighth floor, gotta dump this stuff."
"Save a couple guys for us," Ivy said as the doors snicked shut. Multiple fingers pressed the 'Starshine Lounge' button.
The open-air lounge took up two-thirds of the Economy Tower's roof. A few well-spaced radiant heaters kept the space comfortable for the end of summer night even for the scantily-clad newcomers. Unlike their glass dome the Arista's builders hadn't ignored another tradition, the lack of open-air balconies. The walls around the roof were thick and clear glass that allowed expansive views across the brightly lit Strip and the lights of the ever-growing city. The glass was fifteen feet high before it curved inward to end in a sharpened edge to discourage even determined climbers. Cables crossed the space and furled sunshades rested against the far glass wall.
The bar staff reacted as the gamblers had and their eyes widened when the two elevators disgorged the laughing mass of attractive young blue and white clad partiers. Sue pulled the Intruder from her shirt and held it up and led a cheer as Rachel and Rafe led everyone to the bar.
"Glass of red," Rachel held out her wrist as the bartender blinked and his register chirped its confirmation and his gaze held on her chest for a moment, she smirked that it wasn't on her exposed breasts with their stiffly erect nipples but on the smeared sheen of cum on her chest she'd not bothered to wipe off. He forced his gaze up and passed her face to take in her hair.
"Hey," she said and drew his eyes to hers, "I'm thirsty!"
She strolled away from the bar with an overfilled glass of red wine, Rafe and Sue alongside her as the staff worked through orders.
The 'servant's quarters' was well-nicknamed in that it was indeed heavily used for the mass of booth and staff drudges who kept the constant stream of conferences at the Arista's three Conference centers humming. But any rooms left open were available to budget-minded travelers who weren't demanding of more than basic accommodations. But the Starshine Lounge was generally limited to conference workers, meant to be a refuge for people who had to meet and greet for endless hours. And tonight was one such night, the elevators would only allow people whose wrists had been coded upon arrival as conference workers. Despite that, Rachel and her compatriots weren't alone this evening.
"They look like race cars," Rafe said he sipped his own red wine, Rachel laughed and nodded. The crowd's ages ranged much more widely than the newest arrivals on the roof. Almost all of them had tees, polos or button-down shirts with one or more logos of various companies in the computer industry and in keeping with that a vast array of nationalities were represented.
Rachel's eyes went to the far end of the lounge at a separate crowd of thirty-five or forty staff reps from the companies who owned the booths on their own conference floor. Their clothing was that boring 'business casual' similar to the computer crowd but without the oversized logos and brand names and slogans. The sales leader from her pod's booth saw her and they tipped their drinks at each other. Their employers hired Margaret's crew to be the 'faces' of their companies and their wares so Rachel knew they'd stay in the background and expect their money's worth.
"Lots more of them than us," Sue added, "what, hundred? Hundred-twenty? And almost all guys. Guess they've got the big 'A' center for that computer conference next few days."
"Nerd central here," Rachel purred, "this is even better than New York a few months back when we shared the Glass House with the comic book convention... I can smell the desperation here!"
The Arista offered three separate conference facilities, 'A' about the same size as 'B' and 'C' combined. Any two or even all three could be combined for massive expos such as the annual consumer electronics supershow which had been a few months earlier in late spring and built momentum for Christmas shopping.
"Hey," Sue said brightly, "couple of babes over there. Let's go see if they'd like to give the Intruder a test-drive. Or maybe we can trade Rafe for a few of the guys they have."
He snorted, but nodded. One of the women was blonde, the other a light brunette and they sat together and were ringed by a dozen guys, all of them in the logoed shirts and blue jeans or various shades of dark slacks. Faces turned and the few conversations that hadn't already halted went silent. Sue looked at the two women, both seemed around thirty, the blonde had glasses with thin and round black frames and their loose clothes offered little hint to their figures.
"If these guys aren't doing it for you," Sue held out the Intruder, eyes bounced from it to her exposed breasts to her face and back and she quickly scanned the circle before she locked again on the two seated women, "we'll have plenty of these at OUR conference tomorrow. Want to give it a test drive tonight?"
Rachel stepped alongside her and mouths gaped as they took in her framed crotch and tits. The deep purple of her wrap seemed to glow in the low light of the lounge and the strange threads in it glittered. She tapped her wrist pad and most of the wrists in the seated circle chirped. The circle of eyes added Rachel's body to its cyclical viewing schedule.
"Discounts," she said, "on your first purchase tomorrow! And free admission to the show floor. And each of you can pass it on to anyone you want at your show. What'll you guys have going on your side? Anything interesting we shouldn't miss?"
"Gentlemen," Rafe appeared behind the two seated women as he held up the blow job toy, the seated women turned and his firm thighs and the hem of his toga were at their eye level, the brunette blinked hard as the swirl of cloth with his upraised arms flashed his cock's head, "I'm sure most of you've heard of August O'Thrill? Ah, you definitely."
He pointed the toy at a chubby brown-haired man about thirty-five. The man squinted slightly before his cheeks reddened in recognition. Rafe tossed him the toy and he fumbled it a couple of times before he gripped it and the red in his cheeks deepened. Rafe glanced down and winked quickly at the brunette as her tongue just touched her lips before he looked back at the chubby man, whose shirt was for 'Find IT!' with their catchphrase in a circle around it, 'Search and Ye Shall Find.' She guessed he'd searched and found a few videos of Ms. O'Thrill on more than one occasion.
"Give that a try, plenty more at my booth tomorrow," he tilted his head slightly and looked at the brunette as well as the chubby man, "just ask for Rafe. All kinds of fun stuff."
Rachel sipped her wine and looked quickly around the floor as she left Sue and Rafe to work the circle, she wondered if Rafe was well on his way to tapping that geek girl the way she stared at the glimpses of his nice cock, the battle between that and the gold band on her left hand in the balance.
Maybe he'd get both of them, but the large diamond added to her own gold band on the blonde's left hand made that a different proposition. Both of their shirts had the ubiquitous 'GOGGLE - We put the Social in Social Networking' logo for the app that it seemed everyone used. She wished him luck, it hadn't been personal earlier, it had been professional. She definitely enjoyed it and wouldn't mind a repeat but for now her hungry cunt had some other targets.
Her team mingled among the computer conference folks, she saw Lisa sitting on an attractive older man's lap while Ivy strutted around his group and used the geeks' own tablets to display clips showing some of the products they'd have on display and regularly bent at the waist to point out details as she wandered the circle. Margaret had expected they'd encounter this group, had told her to keep the extra pods to entice them. That these folks lived online meant plenty of word should get out as well as amongst their much larger base audience. The rest of her teammates strolled with drinks and likewise offered inducements to drop by.
She sipped her wine and looked across the floor and saw Diana. Her tall and curvy friend was snuggled close to her even taller hunk Jay, his right arm around her shoulders, her hand offered flicked attention to that ridiculous cock of his. They'd just wandered away from one of the rare nerd crowds that was close to fifty-fifty gender wise and eyes followed the tall couple. Rachel tapped her wrist to send a prepared message and Diana looked up then tilted her head. They all had embedded ear plugs but they were set for only priority messages and Diana apparently hadn't expected to receive one. Especially not from her friend.
Diana looked around until they caught eyes. Diana glanced at a large nearby couch with a guy seated at the far end. She looked back at Rachel and raised an eyebrow, Rachel nodded slightly. Diana smiled and shrugged.
Then she half spun and her right hand grabbed the large cock through the cloth and pushed her mouth against his. He seemed to hesitate but only for an instant before his left hand cupped her right tit and he pulled her tight. Their mouths opened wide and it was obvious their tongues were in a battle to the death. She worked her hand up from his cock and gripped his waistband and pushed down, struggled momentarily to get it past his rampant erection but that accomplished his prick sprang free and bounced. One last push and the thin slacks dropped in a pile around his ankles.
Rachel smiled at a few gasps. She saw a couple of nerd boys and geek girls stare with clear lust, the others with amazement and one or two with shock. But no one left.
One of the women from a different pod, Vivian, walked over and bent at the waist and grabbed the discarded blue slacks as Jay stepped out of them. His hands went to the hem of Diana's tee and they broke the kiss as he revealed her peerless chest with a quick tug and her breasts bounced a couple of times. He tossed the garment to Vivian as Diana pushed him and he sat down heavily on the couch, the man at the far end stared. Vivian walked away as Diana bent over at the waist and corralled Jay's swinging shaft and pushed her mouth over his cock. He moaned and rubbed her bare shoulders.
Rachel snorted at the sight. Diana had been the first one to bitch about the left-behind underwear and here she was topless. Her tiny skirt had pulled high over her ass and with her feet spread beyond shoulder-width her ass and clean-shaven slit were in clear view, a fact she had to be well aware of. At least for those at the right angle and Rachel smiled as viewers tried to move without drawing attention. They shouldn't worry, no one was watching anything but the couple. She glanced and saw a handful of her other folks close in with one, two or a few targets. Rafe and Jay and their pod were straight but the other male pod she'd pulled along had guys that were all rather more flexible in their tastes. It looked to have been a good decision. She and Diana and the others in their pod preferred boys, as did the women in the other pod here, but none of them would turn away a woman. But with the massive imbalance here that wasn't the main need.
Rachel smiled as she watched one from the small number of geek girls, very cute and maybe not even five feet on her tippy toes, her long and straight very dark hair had thin striped highlights of blue. Rachel was almost certain she was Japanese and those eyes had been so wide when she'd seen Jay's cock at its angriest Rachel wondered if she even had irises or pupils, they were nothing but whites. She sipped her wine and wondered if the girl was even conscious of it as her tongue ran along both of her lips as Diana's mouth worked that huge erection.
Her attention went back to her friends when a mass gasp signalled that his entire massive shaft had disappeared into her mouth. She held like that for two, then three seconds before she very slowly rose to reveal it. She pulled off and made a show of swirling her tongue around the pulsating head before she repeated her deep throat. Rachel glanced and the Japanese geek girl's mouth had dropped open and she wavered and Rachel worried the girl was about to faint. But she blinked hard a few times and her left hand had slid between her legs in their nicely snug black slacks. It was obvious her breathing was very hard as her mouth hung open.
"Damn," Rachel whispered as she looked back at Diana, "that girl gives August O'Thrill a run for the money!"
The near-ubiquitous wrist pads could record video and it was decent quality, if not to the current ultra high def standards. But unsurprisingly most of the viewers had little hand-held 'commeras,' that ridiculous name some techie had come up with for a 'communications + camera' device. Possibly one of the nerds here on the roof, she'd love to give him a super-swirlie. It was a phone, Rachel always wanted to scream, that took pictures! Call it a phone! Computer geeks... yeesh. But she smiled, especially at the polo shirt that said 'U-Vision' and 'It's Television that U Control.' Ah, and the other one, 'Boob Tube - Not Just Cat Videos.' Living up to its name tonight, Rachel thought!
She caught the eye of Todd, one of Rafe's podmates, and mouthed 'get Andy,' and twerked her head in a 'come here' gesture. He nodded and set off on his task. She'd let the couple have the stage for now but she'd up the ante at the right time.
Jay pulled Diana off of his cock by the shoulders and pulled her to a slow and deep kiss while he unhooked her mini's waistband and she shimmied for it to fall to the floor. After a few moments she broke the kiss and stepped onto the couch with her legs wide and she pressed her cunt onto his face. His tongue and lips set about their duty on her clit and pussy. A few people shifted to get views of her bare chest as she wrapped her arms around his head and closed her eyes.
Andy and Todd arrived to stand either side of her, she kissed one softly but quickly and then the other.
"Got a job for you boys," she said softly, "in a few minutes. If you find me attractive enough."
Two snorts were followed by hands that gripped both ass cheeks, she wiggled and they pulled close. She saw the black bag she'd told Ivy to grab while they were depositing unneeded underwear, it was on one of the tall round standing tables that were dotted around the floor.
Another mass groan as Diana arched her neck back and moaned as Jay apparently found a favored spot as he worked at her with his mouth. His left arm was against her lower back to balance her and the fingers of his right hand had worked their way into her ass and her cunt. One of her hands pinched and pulled at first one nipple then the other.
"Todd," Rachel whispered, "see the bag?"
He nodded.
"Should be some bottles in there. Go palm one for us."
He kissed her quickly and left to obey, walked around the outside of the concentric rings of viewers.
Diana's body shivered and both of her hands went back to grip Jay's head tightly. She jumped one more time before both of them went still. After a couple of heartbeats they loosened and she lowered herself and squatted so they could kiss again, appreciative exhales around the audience. Then she rose slightly and his arms flexed to show firm muscles as he held her weight and she spun. Once settled she splayed her legs almost ninety degrees and lowered herself and both of their hands gripped his still fully-erect shaft. She finally opened her eyes and smiled at the audience as she adjusted so that the merest tip of the head was inside of her very well-displayed slit, her own aroused clit obvious even in the dim lighting.
"This is going to feel...," she lowered herself to engulf more of his flesh with each word, "so... goddamn... good."
Her eyes closed and her mouth popped open then she opened her eyes to scan her audience again. She lifted slightly and leaned back into her lover, his left arm wrapped her torso to cup her right tit, his right arm supported under her right thigh although her toned muscles made clear that was only assisting. He used his own strong thighs to push up and bury half of his cock into her cunt, clear liquid pushed out and they both moaned.
"You can do better than THAT," Lisa shouted to draw nervous laughs from the audience before she and Ivy started a chant, "all of it. ALL OF IT! ALL OF IT!"
The crowd picked it up and Jay worked three more pumps before he slammed his entire prick into Diana's body. Her mouth and eyes went wide before she pushed down. Goo sprayed out and splashed on his thighs. Lisa and Ivy led a round of cheers as the couple readjusted and Jay began to pump fast and hard, the two pod mates set up a clapping rhythm to match each time he hit full penetration. Diana's left hand held Jay's left tightly to her tit, her other hand worked the prominent button between her legs and offered the occasional touch to the huge shaft that impaled her.
"Got it," Todd whispered as he squeezed next to Rachel and his hand returned to its place on her right ass cheek. She wiggled her hips. Their breathing sped up as they watched that huge prick fuck that utterly and totally exposed pussy. Diana's eyes were closed again and her head was arched back over her lover's left shoulder as her pussy issued a light but steady stream of natural lube with each stroke.
"That way," Rachel whispered and led the clenched trio toward a couch that had been emptied by folks angling for a better view of the busy couple, "you guys don't mind working close to each other, right?"
Two more light snorts and she smiled. At the couch she turned them all. It was obvious the show on the other couch was reaching its, ahem, climax, as Lisa and Ivy's cheerleading had reached a feverish pace, as had the pace of Jay's intrusions, his grip more to hold her in place now lest she fly upwards from the force.
"Get naked, boys," she rasped, "our turn coming up!"
Jay let out a sound halfway between a loud moan and a scream as he slammed upwards and Diana responded with a reply that was ripped from her throat. He lowered himself and a rush of goo followed him before he moaned again as he slammed himself home once more. Diana's body shivered and Jay's arm was suddenly needed as her body rippled. His thighs jerked as he pumped a half dozen rapid strokes, sticky, white cum gushed down and around his cock as he delivered his load directly into her cunt that was already full.
Finally they went still and she sagged to lower herself fully, his cock still inside. Both chests expanded with deep, slow breaths. A round of applause rose from the audience as they twisted to allow a slow and deep kiss. They split and opened their eyes and smiled broadly for the crowd as she rose until the still-firm flesh flopped from her cunt, followed by a gush of thick, white, sticky cum. She rested back down across his thighs, his great cock fell to rest on his right thigh against her still splayed out thigh on top of his as she sat naked except for the heels she'd worn the entire time.
Rachel's tongue pressed Todd's back into his mouth as she opened her left eye a slit when she heard shuffled feet come to a sudden stop, a few 'huh' sounds. She still had her wrap on 'sideways' to expose her tits and her legs were spread wide over the near leg of the boy on each side of her. Both guys were naked and each of her hands stroked a rigid cock. Neither boy's was as excessive as Jay's but Margaret didn't hire them if their tools were below average.
Whether in size or in their ability to use them. Many she'd vetted personally, others had been vouched for by people she trusted.
Rachel switched quickly to pull Andy away from her left nipple to kiss him, which allowed Todd to lean and take her right nipple into his mouth. Todd's hand worked inside her very wet slit and Andy's fingers caressed and pulled her clit to its fullest extent. She alternated the kissing a couple of times and listened as the shuffling indicated the audience had built. Then she heard Ivy.
"Don't ignore the poor bartenders," Rachel broke the kiss as both boys sucked on her tingling nipples and worked her crotch, her slitted eyes looked at her pod mate, who winked, "she's just getting warmed up!"
Rachel nudged the boys to keep at her tits and opened her legs a bit wider to encourage them to not ignore their crotch duties either. Her hands worked the full lengths of each erection as she held her mouth slightly open and gazed around the milling audience as Ivy and Lisa guided the audience to the bar and back. She quickly looked to her left, Sue sat on a table and slowly fucked herself with the Intruder. She was unusual for the team in that she clipped her fire red pubic hair but left it in its mostly natural shape, the contrast with her pale skin striking and memorable and her audience freely used their commeras.
Beyond her, Rafe stood behind and kissed the brunette geek girl's neck, her eyes looked closed and that left hand with its gold band covered his left hand but didn't prevent it from kneading her left breast for a moment before both hands went to her shirt's topmost closed button, the second one from the top. Her other arm was bent down and around her back, her hand at a perfect height to caress his very nice cock. Rachel saw her blonde friend standing at the far glass wall with a glass of white wine, her other hand crossed under her breasts to hold the opposite bicep. Her loss. The rest of the team circulated while a few snuggled one on one or one on two.
Beyond that blonde Rachel saw what was described as the 'brightest light on Earth' that shone straight up from the point of the black pyramid that sat further along the Strip. Haze and dust clearly marked the beam's passage. She purred as the two boys worked her sensitive spots then looked up and saw Venus, moved along from its spot when they'd seen it through the dome but still the only thing that could cut through the worst light pollution on the planet. At least the new fusion power plant meant the end of the protests at the perceived waste. Now, if only someone could conjure up more water...
She looked down at Todd's dirty blond hair and Andy's near black hair, as with all of the boys swept back on top and closely trimmed on each side. She gripped both cocks tightly and thought about the view that ranged from Todd's evenly pale skin to her smoothly tanned olive skin to Andy's chocolate skin. She kissed the back of both necks then released the cocks and pulled their heads up and looked at Todd.
"On your back, boy, grease up," she whispered as she pushed him and they disentangled and shifted so he could lay flat. Once he was in place she sucked his full erection into her mouth in a single, quick motion, her cheeks for a count of three and released it. Not as impressive as Diana's feat, close but not quite, but the murmurs indicated the audience appreciated it. She twisted her head as Andy rose to put his black cock at her mouth's level, its dark black head exposed and prominent. She repeated the feat and held him at full depth in her throat. He arched his head back and moaned.
She twisted into a crab walk on all fours and slid over Todd's body, the two boys guided her until Todd's shaft was at her rear entrance. He slid gooey fingers into her ass a few times before he grabbed his lubed cock and her mouth opened into a broad smile as she pushed his fleshy steel into her butt. The two of them worked to pump a half dozen times before she paused and stared hard at Andy. He smiled and shuffled forward on his knees and pushed that excellent prick of his hard into her very wet cunt. Her expression morphed from a soft smile to a broad and open mouthed silent 'aahh' as both boys forced themselves fully inside of her in one swift push.
Yes, Rachel thought, Margaret had chosen well with these two. They'd almost immediately found the rhythm and fucked her front and rear, they'd started slow but had gained speed and the waves of pleasure were immense. Had Margaret herself tested and trained them?
She couldn't imagine getting much fuller than this.
Except.
"Lisa," she looked the blonde in the eyes, then licked her lips. Lisa strolled over and bent and sucked her tits as the boys fucked her. Todd had shifted to support her weight so she slid her hand up Lisa's thigh and pushed fingers into her pussy and ass, with her bent she knew this would be visible to the audience. She let Lisa suck her tits as she finger-fucked her for somewhere around a minute before she pulled the woman's ear to her mouth.
"One more," Rachel whispered. Lisa looked at her and smiled and nodded before she kissed the brunette. Then she stood and leaned to kiss Andy hard and open-mouthed but his cock didn't break its rhythm working Rachel's cunt. She turned and stood a step in front of the fucking trio and scanned the crowd as did Rachel. She locked her eyes on one and looked up at Lisa and they nodded quickly to each other. Not quite six feet tall. Decent bod, his short sleeve shirt indicated he likely worked out and although he stood behind seated watchers it was clear he had no gut. He blinked at the intensity of her gaze. Her hand rose with her fingers curled back before her index finger extended to point and curled back slowly.
His mouth opened but no sound before Ivy appeared at his side and slid her hand around his left arm and he looked at her in shock. She slipped a sleeve over his finger and pulled it off quickly, held it in her hand as she pulled his eyes back to hers.
"What's your name?" Ivy purred the question, her voice wasn't loud but carried well.
"Uh... um..., Jeff."
"Willing to help a girl out, Jeff?" She glanced down at the item in her hand and smiled, palmed it.
"Uh, well, sure, uh... yeah, I guess."
She smiled more broadly and nudged him forward and they sidled between two chairs and murmurs indicated the crowd wondered what was up. Ivy led him to stand next to Lisa just in front of Rachel. Lisa and Ivy squeezed against him and caressed his back and chest.
"Her mouth is lonely, Jeff, doesn't that make you sad?" Lisa's voice was husky and low but just loud enough for the nearest and people leaned forward. Ivy's hand went down his torso and found his constrained cock. Rachel looked up at him and licked her lips as she was jostled by the continuos fucking. Lisa's hand joined Ivy's to stroke his cock. Most of the front of his shirt was covered with a giant red stylised 'Q' with 'Wave' along the top inside the arch of the letter, 'Quantum for the People' below that. Whatever the fuck that all meant, but that wasn't the reason for Rachel's interest in him.
"It'll fill her nicely, don't you think?" Lisa's voice stayed husky as she and Ivy worked his zipper down. His hands had worked onto their asses as they pushed his underwear down and his cock sprang out. Ivy nuzzled his neck and she and Lisa stroked and squeezed his cock.
"Hey," Rachel said sharply, "that's mine!"
His cock jumped and her pod mates snorted. But they released and pushed him forward. With her weight supported by Todd, Rachel reached up and grabbed his cock and pulled him forward and his escorts slid slightly away and his hands left their asses. Rachel kept her eyes locked on Jeff's as she pulled his cock into her mouth until her lips touched his pubic flesh. Lisa's intuition had been good, he wasn't quite a match to the boys who fucked her ass and her cunt and with her skills he wasn't really a challenge. But he had enough that another murmur went through the crowd.
She coached him quickly to use his hand to help brace her head while she grabbed his hip and, bright geek boy that he was, he quickly began to pump those hips and fuck her mouth. It took him a few strokes to match Todd's and Andy's rhythm but he managed it and shoved his entire cock into her mouth on each push. Lisa and Ivy stepped back and started a chant.
"Airtight! Airtight! Airtight!" The crowd slowly picked it up although a few voices expressed either surprise or doubt as the chants competed with the sounds of slapping flesh and Rachel's gurgles and her boys' occasional grunts and moans.Lisa walked around the back of the couch and encouraged two guys who'd decided to get close up views to each offer fingers to caress and pinch Rachel's erect nipples.
Jeff's head arched back and he moaned and Rachel pushed him back and his cock popped free. Andy pulled out and Todd pushed her up and her ass released his cock with a gush of lube. Both guys jumped off of the couch as they pulled the brunette to a seated position and they stepped slightly aside and both stroked their cocks. She pulled Jeff back into her mouth as Ivy slid behind Jeff and reached around and pulled him out of her podmate's mouth and wrapped her hand around his saliva-slickened cock before she pumped it hard.
Rachel opened her mouth and looked up at him as he let out a loud grunt and Ivy's stroked pushed forth a stream of cum that hit the seated woman's lips and tongue. Ivy pushed him close and pumped more cum around her mouth before she sucked half of his cock into her mouth and Ivy pumped him dry. She pulled him out and nudged him away to allow Andy to step forward and Rachel turned slightly to her left. His black cock let loose a powerful shot of cum that hit Rachel's left cheek and went upward across her nose and she quickly closed her eyes as it continued to the edge of her forehead. The second shot covered her right eye again before it trailed down to that cheek before the third joined Jeff's cum around her lips. She pulled him into her mouth and sucked as his cock spasmed a few more times and he closed his eyes and his mouth offered a silent but wide 'O' then she pushed him away and he backed away.
She turned to Todd who stepped forward and the crowd gasped as he loosed a massive string of cum that hit the bridge of her nose and went upward and covered her forehead and much of the hair on top of her head. The second shot was less energetic as it hit her nose and upper lip. A third hit her left cheek before she again pulled his cock into her mouth and sucked him in until her nose hit his pubic flesh, his dirty blond hair closely trimmed but not shaven. A few gasps of surprise as people remembered where his cock had been.
She pushed Todd away quickly and jumped onto the couch on her knees and grabbed Lisa and pulled her head down and kissed her hard, their mouths open and their cheeks bulged as their tongues fought it out. Then she released Lisa and Rachel faced the crowd as Lisa quickly walked around it and Rachel stood and Lisa came beside her and raised her arms in a pointed 'V' and Rachel bowed as Ivy led the applause and the crowd joined in.
"You'll all have to entertain yourselves for a bit, I'm thirsty," Rachel said as cum trickled through her wavy, dark brown hair and dripped down her cheeks and chin and neck. Her wrap was scrunched and still revealed her very erect and deep red nipples and her puffy vulva lips. Lisa's face had a sheen of transferred cum but not enough to run.
Rachel strode to the bar and sat half on a tall stool next to a standing Vivian, who'd been talking to the bartenders.
"I should call security on all of you," the bartender said but with a smile and Vivian chuckled, Rachel looked at his name tag.
"Get me another glass of red before you do that, Zim," Rachel said, "I saw you sneak over there with your commera. Getting evidence for my trial?"
Vivian pulled Rachel's face around and used a bar towel and dabbed the cum out of her eyes, her mascara hadn't been heavy but was a lost cause and that went as well but she left most of the cum in place. Zim put a full glass of red wine on the bar in front of her. She took a long sip of it.
"You have a Chirp account?" She asked Zim, he seemed surprised but nodded.
"Take some video of me?" He nodded.
"Come around and take a picture with me and Vivian, give me you commera," she told him, he shrugged and walked to end of the bar, she motioned to another bartender and handed Zim's device to him, "take a picture of us. Viv, get your tits out."
Rachel opened her legs a bit as she balanced on the stool, Zim stood next to her and Vivian tossed her shirt onto the bar behind them and stood alongside the bartender. Zim's coworker snapped a picture and showed it to them, it was from their knees to their heads.
"Thanks," she said, he laughed and walked to deal with a computer geek wanting a drink, "now, Zim, bring up your Chirp account?"
He shrugged, tapped around and pulled it up. Rachel quickly created a 'cheep' and loaded it with the video and the still picture and loaded the hashtags for the conference and the Arista.
'Come and meet my new friends Rachel and Viv at the Arista! Conference Center B next two days!'
She pushed send. She gave Viv a quick kiss and walked back toward the crowd with her wine and smiled.
The tiny Japanese girl was naked. She was seated next to Jay and his cock was fully recovered from its earlier efforts. Diana was on the other side of her and had fingers between the girl's legs, busily moving but hidden in a tuft of dark pubic hair. Diana's other hand was on the back of the petite girl's neck as she worked that huge cock into her mouth, her fingers couldn't even completely circle it. Her breasts were perfectly round 'A' cups with cute and erect little pink nipples. But she was giving Jay's meat a good try and the huge head and some of the shaft was hidden and saliva ran down the rest and pooled at her fingers.
At the other side of the lounge Sue and the brunette geek girl were both near naked, Sue's shirt off and her skirt bunched around her waist. The blonde's slacks and underwear were gone, her blouse completely unbuttoned and her bra gone. Her tits were good, smaller than Sue's and with a bit more sag. They twisted their heads to kiss while Rafe slowly fucked the geek girl, her legs against his shoulders. Her blonde geekette compatriot was nowhere to be seen, but neither was the Intruder and Rachel wondered if that was a coincidence. One geek guy bent from alongside the table and sucked Sue's nipples while another one fucked through that bright red thatch of hers with a choppier, more staccato motion than Rafe showed.
They weren't the only ones inspired to action.
Rachel smiled broadly at the scene and wondered who she should have next.


Trail Blazers


"Sir, ma'am," Rachel glanced as Margaret stepped alongside the female half of the couple in front of her at the booth, two middle-aged heads on stout bodies turned and their eyes widened anew as they took in the new sight, "are you enjoying the show? I trust Rachel is answering all your questions?"
They both nodded mutely. Like her employees Margaret was in red, five inch stiletto heels, a form-fitting ruched red miniskirt that threatened to slide up over her ass with every step and an undersized and unbuttoned black blazer with three-quarter sleeves and a square hem that ended a few inches above the belly button. She shook slightly and caused the blazer to flap and offer a clear view of a firm and round breast and that smooth milk chocolate skin, her nipple darker and slightly erect. Both sets of eyes had left Rachel, who stood on their other side.
"Oh, uh, oh yes," the male half said and both nodded and they looked down, "I think we have what we need."
There were a variety of lotions and lubes on the counter in front of the quartet. Rachel caught her boss's eye and drew her gaze to the large strap-on on that counter among the other items.
"Hey, Hank," Rachel purred to her sales guy behind the counter, "ready for you."
"Thanks, uh, Rachel," the male half said and his partner nodded along. Margaret stepped around them and slid her hand around Rachel's arm and the younger woman leaned into her as she led them around the side of the booth and away from the main traffic flow. She caught eyes and smiled at Sue and Diana as they spoke with their own sets of visitors, both nodded quickly back.
"Thanks for the bonuses, Margaret, quite generous," Rachel said, "we already above the targets? It's been busy as hell here!"
"Already past the first two extra targets, those bonuses still to come," Margaret laughed, "but no, that was for all of the work ya'll did last night. We blew out online views and our hashtags are going nuts. But don't tell anyone, your pod and Rafe's got a little extra for going above and beyond the call of duty. You're all going to put me in the red on this week!"
She winked. Rachel smiled and bit her lower lip and nodded.
"But ticket sales are through the roof," she continued, "pass the word, it's going to be nuts all day today. But everyone can feel free to take it easy tonight..."
Rachel's head tilted in surprise but before she could speak Diana squealed. She and Margaret both turned.
"Is that the little Asian girl she and Jay fucked last night? She's walking rather stiffly," Margaret's smile was broad but her voice soft. The girl had either come from or was on her way to the 'A' area, her grey polo offered an embroidered brain in darker grey with 'Electric Brains: Let Us Do the Thinking' written across it and she had a black backpack covered with multiple companies' logos over one shoulder and black, soft-soled shoes.
"Her name's Riku, got a PhD in cognitive science, whatever that is. Impressive as hell," Rachel said as softly, "didn't get anywhere close to getting all of him in her mouth or her cunt, but I was surprised how much she did get in. And she wasn't the only one that fainted when Jay gave Diana that colonoscopy after he'd fucked Riku. Brave as she is, she wasn't willing to let him do THAT to her! Hell, I'd need a couple more wines than I had to prep myself for THAT."
Both of them laughed as Diana and Riku hugged quickly, with her height advantage and the heels it meant the petite visitor's head landed against the bare skin between Diana's breasts. Although the blazers offered limited coverage at best, the tall and curvy woman's top didn't even achieve that and her nipples were exposed with almost any movement. They broke the hug and Riku's mouth opened and she did that lip licking thing again when Diana bent over the counter and grabbed items from a shelf and turned and showed it to the girl.
"Holy hell," Rachel said softly, Margaret's expression at her was a silent question, "that's the best anal lube we've got. And that's the select pack of vibrators, like three different sizes. Oh."
Margaret looked at her expectantly.
"And two sizes of butt plugs," Margaret's quick laugh was pure joy.
They watched Riku smile as she studied the label on the lube and Diana stood with her arm across the girl's shoulders. Diana zipped the black case open and Riku grinned as she gazed at the contents before she closed it. Then they hugged again and Diana pointed past the nearest booth, toward the booth where Rachel knew Jay worked.
"Like them?" Diana said with a wink. Riku laughed, then she stepped to the counter and signalled.
"Hey, my tre...," Diana said but Riku's expression stopped her. Hank stepped smartly and she tapped her wrist pad against his handheld register, both chirped. She looked and pointed at Rachel.
"She gave us all the discount chit! I'll message you after my stupid dinner," Riku's expression at her new, taller friend was unalloyed lust but her voice made clear while her ancestry might've been Japanese her upbringing was almost purely Southern California, "if you don't mind."
"Not at all. Now you have that... Go show Jay your stuff, let him know the plan."
She slid the case into her backpack and palmed the little bottle and waved as she walked off toward Jay's booth. The boys were in skin-tight black slacks and tight red sleeveless vests and Rachel had enjoyed her visit when she'd wandered the floor during her break and stopped by to say hi to Rafe's pod, she had the thought a second round with Todd and Andy would be fun, let them switch holes. Those boys all had plenty of attention but the steady stream of admirers staring at Jay's crotch left Rachel having to fight down loud laughter. Diana watched Riku with as much lust as she'd been shown before she accosted a couple of twenty-something guys in jeans and tees.
"If she can fight her way past the crowd staring at the boys over there," Rachel said to Margaret's chuckle.
"We need to get that recorded," Margaret said, "I need to see that."
"Yeah...," Rachel's voice drawled, "she takes him up that way, gonna violate the laws of physics or something. Anyway, boss, what's up? Take it easy tonight?"
"On top of the extras already coming, we have five hundred construction workers coming tomorrow," Rachel's mouth dropped open at the statement, "already paid for their tickets! So even if they don't show, no refunds."
"Oh, they'll show," Rachel laughed, "how the hell?"
"I'd been in touch with a couple of union reps, but lots of pushback higher up. Your video with Rafe just about broke the logjam, then a few of the postings from the Starshine blew the dam right out. So got the bosses coming too. And they paid extra to add on tickets to tomorrow night's after party!"
"Shi...," Rachel drawled before her mouth just stayed open and her head swung, "five hundred... from where?"
"You've heard about that big hole they're digging down by Henderson?"
"Ah, the 'arcology' or something like that?"
"Exactly that. You do watch the news, dear Rachel!"
"Not that often," her face darkened, "not since Area 51 blew up."
"Yeah, nuke accident, if you believe the government. Terrorists if you read what all those computer geeks next door claim on the internet."
"And people just dropping dead here and there...," Rachel stopped and her face brightened. Margaret squinted but turned and followed her gaze. They watched a blonde in a blue 'GOGGLE' shirt, the near-asexual cut of her clothes and her logoed backpack matched Riku's, glasses with thin black frames and that long, blonde hair pulled into a soft ponytail.
"The geekette Rafe fucked," Margaret nodded and smiled at Rachel's comment, "that's her friend. She disappeared last night after her friend got busy and so did the Intruder."
They both laughed softly as the blonde got Sue's attention and the redhead walked over with a smile. The blonde had a guarded look as she took in the surroundings as she slid her backpack off and set it on the counter. She unzipped it enough to show Sue the Big Orange Intruder and moved to pull it out.
"Ah, I was pretty sure she'd taken it, Sue wouldn't say," Rachel said. The loud background buzz from hundreds of conversations and the PA and music from the fashion show on the stage that highlighted what the new season offered for the well-dressed gimp meant they couldn't hear the conversation but they laughed again as Sue shook her head and zipped the pack up. She put her hand on the blonde's shoulder and seemed to reassure her. Finally the geek girl smiled and Sue took her arm before she could run away and started showing her the array of bottles and toys spread on the counter. After a moment the blonde's face relaxed and she picked up a vibrator with a clit nub.
"I know it's bad," Rachel said, "to not keep up on the news. But, hell, we're here to help people forget all the shit out there just for a while. And, well, it's that damn internet. Everything gets so blown out of proportion. Area 51 was bad, but hell, it's not like what I learned in history class, back in the Sixties and Seventies, bombings all the time, kidnappings, riots... even the Eighties, that thing at Stonehenge."
Margaret pulled the younger woman close and kissed her quickly.
"Dear, sweet Rachel, you're the best I have. Well, Diana has some SPECIAL skills," Rachel snorted, "and maybe we'll have us a new petite little Asian-American girl for our next show if she wants a change of career..."
The two women laughed again and hugged.
"Anyway, pretty well all of the extra tickets paid for the after show party too. So, like I said, pass the word. Tell everyone to rest up for tomorrow, take a quiet night. Tomorrow's going to be a long, long day. Just one thing."
Rachel's expression was a question.
"If Diana and Jay are REALLY going to do what it seems like that cute little thing wants them to do, or TRY to do, you WILL get it recorded."


The Contest


"Nice eye, Rafe," Rachel said with a laugh, she sat on one of the love seats in the nicely-appointed break room their crew used in the bowels of the Arista's conference center. Sue sat partially sideways and leaned back against Rachel's left side, the brunette's arm was behind her neck and draped over her shoulder to caress the redhead's exposed right breast. Sue opened one eye and grinned at him as their handsome teammate grunted, her right hand held a glass of white wine and her left hand rubbed between Rachel's open thighs.
"Who knew those geek girls packed such a punch," Sue added and the handful of others in the room joined in with laughter as Rafe snorted and walked to the fridge and pulled out a plastic bottle of tonic water. He filled a glass from the ice dispenser, poured gin from the selection on the table next to the fridge over the ice and waved the tonic water over it and returned the bottle to the fridge.
"And after you fucked her brains out two nights running," Vivian said in a sing-song as she stepped alongside him and held his free arm and they turned and faced everyone, "does this mean it won't be three nights?"
"Actually, Kate's coming to the after party tonight," he said, "she's in town couple more days, then it's back to boring married sex so that trumps our little, ah, disagreement. Like they say, what happens in this town, stays in this town!"
He scanned the room as listeners laughed.
"And her friend is coming, you remember, the blonde. Her name's Jan. Andy, Kate says she can be a bit freaky. Bring your 'A' game."
"I've got a date for the party with a chick that was in the construction crowd that came up today," Andy said, "I've seen her biceps, no way I'm standing her up, my head wants to stay connected to my body. Plus her hooters match up to Diana's and I sold her one of these short wraps that all of you are wearing. My night's set!"
Just then the door opened and a guy and two girls entered. Like the other guys his toga was short and his legs were toned and firm. Unlike the first two days where everyone's clothes had been identical in cut and color for the togas Margaret had chosen a wide array and his deep orange toga meshed with his dark hair and eyes and his well-tanned skin. Like the other girls, the two newcomers were in the strange 'wraps' that Margaret seemed to love, one shimmery grey and the other a sky blue. Both sets of breasts were exposed with the cloth bunched under to uplift but unlike Rachel, Sue and Viv, the lower drapes on both covered them front and rear instead of dropping down their outer hips and legs although they still offered peek-a-boo views as they moved.
"Ah, Danny boy," Viv said to the new arrival and she tapped at her wrist pad and a photo popped up on the large flatscreen on the wall, it was Kate and Jan from the Starshine when the crew had first arrived.
"You arrived too late at the Starshine," Viv said to him, "check out that blonde. She snuck off with the Intruder. She needs a thorough reaming! Poor cute geekette, all clogged up!"
"Oh, hey, uh, what?" Danny said as he looked at the screen and then at Viv.
"She needs a date for tonight," Viv said, "and, well, she's not had any real meat all week according to her friend who Rafe's been slipping the hard one to, if you get my drift."
"And," Sue drew his eyes, "I sold her a nice vibrator yesterday but also a really sweet strap-on. Right up your alley, to coin a phrase, word is she's a nun in the streets and a freak in the sheets."
Danny offered an annoyed look for all of two seconds as the crew laughed, then he broke into a smile.
"Well," Danny said with a slow drawl, "don't be sending a boy to do a man's job. Good thing you're asking me. Our Squawk reviews all show have all been five stars, you send someone lame for THIS one and we'll break that streak."
Then the newcomers' eyes all locked on Rafe's face.
"Shit, Rafe," Danny said and the pair of women with him nodded, "we heard something happened. We're over the far end of the hall, other side past all the bondage booths. Some sort of fight?"
"Well...," he started.
"His new girlfriend dropped by," Rachel jumped in, "didn't like the blow job contest he was part of. I think it was August getting her lipstick right to the base that set her off. Rafe's a gentleman and won't tell us but Kate's probably one of those nice girls who wraps her hand around it and just does the head. Or maybe she avoids mussing her lipstick at all."
"August? August O'Thril," it was Gina, the newcomer in the grey wrap, "the porn star?"
"Yeah," Rafe glared at Rachel, who stuck her tongue out at him, "she came by the booth today to meet and greet and do autographs on toys and there was a huge crowd. You know, the mouth and the latex pussy and ass combo, bestsellers. Everything was cool until some civvy in the crowd taunted August about seeing Diana swallowing Jay's firehose at the Starshine and told her there's a new BJ queen in town."
"Yeah," Gina added, "saw a dozen videos of it. Wish I'd been there to see it."
She'd given her own glare at Rachel and got her own tongue out response. She returned the tongue and each wiggled the tip a bit.
"Go give her a lick, Gina," Rafe snorted, "yeah, that. Right then Jay and Diana decided to show up. I bet Margaret set it up, just didn't tell us."
He looked sidelong at Rachel, but she shrugged and offered a smile. He smirked quickly.
"'There she is, that's her,' the civvy shouted," Rafe continued, "and Diana pointed at her chest and said, 'moi?' Her wrap's like Gina's, got those huge tits out but covers her pussy. Not with her twat open to all comers, like certain of our la-dies."
His tone was much lighter than the words but Rachel, Sue and Vivian all offered loud raspberries.
"Just cuz you have one time in a real woman's and you're running to geek girls," Rachel said as she shifted her legs wide, "doesn't mean everyone else is afraid of it."
Gina strode over and bent and licked slowly along Rachel's exposed lips. Then she gave the clit a loud kiss and squeezed onto the loveseat with the brunette and the redhead. Rafe snorted again.
"Anyway... August's tits aren't much smaller than Diana's, she's couple inches shorter but with everyone's heels, hella impressive still... she said something like, 'You the one I've heard about? Got some CGI going to fool these people? Or is your boyfriend not packing what you claim he's packing?' After that..."
Diana's grey eyes glittered silvery as she and August locked stares. She sidled and stood in front of Jay and put her hands behind her.
"There a reason you have that wrap up high, old woman? Afraid to show your tits when you don't have a special effects crew to touch up the recording?"
Both of August's eyebrows rose, it was hard to tell her age, she claimed thirty and to be 'totally natural' but rumors swirled given the unusually long length of her porn career. That she'd seemed to have started most of those rumors just kept her name at the front of people's minds, so it all seemed fair. With their stares locked and the audience gone silent she reached up and worked the blood red wrap down over her large breasts and adjusted the fabric. They were essentially matches in size for Diana's but without the fabric likely would've offered more sag. But the murmur in the audience meant most KNEW the difference and her movement wouldn't hurt her reputation of being all natural. Diana's hands continued their hidden work.
"Rafe, get over here," Diana's voice offered no escape. He took the three steps and stood alongside her.
"About what my boy's packing, old woman," her eyes and August's green eyes stayed locked and the latter's long, strawberry blonde hair shook around her shoulders as she offered up a silent laugh. Plenty of gasps and 'whoas' sounded when Diana stepped between Jay and Rafe to expose her boyfriend's toga raised and his prick fully awake. August's right eyebrow rose slightly as she took the view in.
Diana pulled Rafe's toga up and grabbed his cock, the scene had it well on the way and her skillful strokes quickly pushed it to full anger.
"Lipstick contest," Diana said as she lowered herself in front of Rafe, "we'll warm up on this one. Unless you need to start, oh, start tiny..."
She held up a fist and extended her pinky. August growled at that and Diana turned and licked the length of Rafe's prick, he shuddered slightly as her tongue worked the hole and the underside of the head.
"You think you're hot shit, little girl," August's retort, "quit playing at it. You scared to even take that tiny thing in?"
"Uh, hey...," Rafe started, the audience snorted at August's choice of adjective, commeras and pads were arrayed around the ring they'd formed to allow as many as possible front row views, "uh... ohhh."
Diana had buried the entirety of it into her mouth in one rapid suck. He moaned again as her cheeks rippled. She clamped her lips against his pubic flesh and pulled back and grabbed it, turned and stared at August. Her dark blue lipstick that matched the new highlights in her brown hair ringed the very base of his prick.
"Out of the way, amateur," August stepped forward, knelt and elbowed her aside. August's fame had early morphed into rapacious 'Cougar' and MILF roles, with her size and curves she'd dominated even many of her male co-stars. But she didn't intimidate the curvy brunette. The starlet slowly but with obvious ease inserted Rafe's entire prick into her mouth and covered the blue ring at the base with a cherry red one.
Diana snorted as she watched and the pro turned her face just enough to give her and 'see how easy this is' look. Just at that moment a squealed voice sounded from the crowd.
"Rafe! What the hell..."
August released the cock with deliberate pace and turned her head, along with Diana and others. Rafe panted for a moment as a brunette in the asexual logoed clothing from their neighboring conference pushed her way to the front.
"Hey, Kate...," he managed to her shocked look as his prick quivered.
"What's up, girlie," August said, "worried we'll ruin him? Get down here and show you deserve him."
Kate's mouth dropped open but no sound came out.
"What I thought," August's voice had a tone of dismissal and she sucked Rafe's prick fully into her mouth before her head moved rapidly and loud sucking sounds caused an appreciative murmur. Rafe arched his head back and moaned.
"Rafe...," Kate's voice was angry but August snorted as she sucked and Rafe's hands caressed her neck. Suddenly she released his erection and looked up at his face as it bopped up and down and saliva dripped.
"Want me to finish? Or do you want to?" August's tone was dismissive on the latter point and Rafe looked at her and unconsciously nodded. Or at least that seemed to be what Kate saw.
"You asshole," she stepped forward and swung a right fist, a haymaker that no one expected. The thud of the contact on the top of his right cheek was solid. His head snapped back. She turned and walked quickly and as if for Moses the crowd parted for her.
"Kate...," he shook his head and watched her for a heartbeat then took after her, "Kate, wait!"
"That was fun," August said as she looked at Diana, "ok, little girl. Ready for the real contest?"
Rafe went silent.
"Wait... WAIT, what?" It was Danny's exclamation but Gina and a few others echoed it.
"You just ran off? So you got punched, well deserved. What happened with August and Diana?" He looked around the room.
"It's not like she'd have finished him," Vivian said and laughed, "well, not intentionally. Margaret had sent a couple of us girls to hang out at the booth during August's appearance, to help out. Anyway, everyone's eyes were immediately back on Diana and August as they glared at each other and ran their tongues along Jay's cock, although not sure how they found it."
That got a round of laughs.
Diana nudged August aside and slid her mouth over Jay's great flesh and finally closed her lips just past halfway and her cheeks sucked in a couple of times before she released it and smiled. The equally curvy strawberry blonde smirked and replicated the slow swallow until she left her mark just beyond the blue ring.
"Best you can do?" Diana offered her own smirk before she worked her mouth to leave a thin but clear space between her new blue ring and the red one. Jay exhaled slowly and had one hand on each woman's shoulders.
"Lame," August said as she looked into Jay's eyes and pushed herself onto him. She paused at the blue ring but her eyes showed no distress as she pushed beyond it and her cheeks rippled. Her throat worked as her lips pressed around the base of his prick and many in the crowd cheered softly. Her cheeks pulsated as she slowly released him. A smattering of applause as she smiled and flicked the big head.
Diana smirked and shook her head. She repeated the eye lock as her throat pulled her boyfriend deeper and her head moved forward. She reached behind him and pressed against his ass until her nose touched his pubic flesh, his chest rose and fell slowly but deeply. Then she twisted slightly and pushed just further and closed her lips. Her own flesh rippled for a moment before she slowly released him.
August made a show of using her mouth to work Jay's flesh further in and at halfway reached behind him and suddenly pressed and sucked until her face pressed firmly against his body. He moaned loudly and the audience gasped as her throat bulged. August released him quickly and took a slow and deep breath as saliva dripped off of his swinging cock.
"Finish him, little girl," August put her hand on the back of Diana's neck and guided her in, Diana squinted but opened her mouth and sucked him in as she eyed him. Both women held his ass as Diana increased her pace with each passage but avoided more than two-thirds depth and August caressed her neck and upper back and encouraged the crowd into a 'drain him' chant. Finally he opened his mouth wide and Diana slurped as she worked his cum down her throat. He stood still and breathed deeply and Diana's throat finished a couple of quick swallows before she released him.
August grabbed her head and held her and kissed her slowly and deeply, both mouths wide open and eyes closed. The crowd applauded as the two women rose after the long kiss and the shorter woman led them in a quick bow.
"Did Diana really lose," Gina asked as Vivian finished relating the tale, "or did Margaret maybe order her to lose?"
"Hey," Viv said in an affected British accent, "I'm just your 'umble reporter. Take it up with her."
Rachel's wrist bugled.
"Last shift, everyone," she said as everyone rose to return glasses and plates to the bin in the corner, "then the party. At least we know Rafe and Andy have dates. Too bad for us girls being ignored!"
That got hoots as they filed out to head back to the madness of the show floor.


Celebrations


Rachel, Sue and Lisa stood outside of the latter's hotel room and all turned to look down the hall when Diana's door opened. They weren't surprised when their tall pod mate emerged and all smiled when Riku followed her out. Silver and purple highlights had been added to the blue ones that had already been there and they wore identical blue wraps. The contrast from the tall and beautiful girl and her equally attractive new fast friend who stood eye level with her huge tits broadened the watchers' smiles, as was the contrast between Diana's curves and Riku's lithe body.
But the petite girl had a figure, her breasts perfectly round with cute small but erect nipples and round areolas that had been slightly rouged to emphasise them. Her ass wasn't flat and her hips offered just a bit of width that flattered her frame.
"She has such sweet little tits," Rachel whispered to two soft agreements, her short wrap in an incredibly deep purple, "and she's got them out!"
"Not all she has out," Sue added as the mismatched pair turned to walk toward the trio, like Sue's dark green wrap and the other two waiters both wraps of the newcomers were bunched under breasts and fell down their sides to expose dark and freshly-trimmed pubic hair. Riku's gait in her heels wasn't quite as smooth as Diana's and her heels were a couple of inches shorter, which meant she seemed to shrink even more. But no one doubted any outsiders would ever guess she wasn't one of them.
"Diana," Lisa said, "where's Jay? He decide to go with August after the contest?"
"That bitch wishes," Diana said and shrugged, "Margeret told me to let the crone win. Give me another day and I'll have Riku kicking that old slut's ass. Nah, Margaret's got him and bunch of the other boys helping with some last minute setup. They kicked the computer folks out of their ballroom since no one's coming to their snoozefest and expanding our space. So let's walk."
The petite young woman smirked and nodded as three sets of eyes bore on her.
"Getting lots of practice," she said in that incongruous California beach girl lilt, "but yeah, not quite there yet. But that party WILL be lame compared to yours."
"Your company doesn't care that you're not going?"
"Only a few of us here," she said as they stopped at the elevators and Sue pushed the 'down' button, "didn't have our own booth and most just left. We have a couple of public projects but our real stuff's still in stealth mode so this was really a spying mission."
The elevator opened as the trio caught eyes and mouthed 'stealth mode?' Each shook their heads but the petite girl hadn't seemed to notice. But then they all smiled at her last comment. Rachel slid her arm around the girl's shoulders and she leaned into the taller woman before she reached and slid her hand along Rachel's ass cheek and kept it there.
"You're a brave girl, Riku," she looked up, "you know we have to walk through the casino? You look hot as hell but, ya know, people..."
She laughed.
"Don't bullshit me, Rachel, look at all of you. No one will even notice me."
"Sure they won't! Anyways, we have a show in a couple months in Chicago, kind of like this one but different companies. Why don't you take a few days off your brainiac work and join us? Margaret already told me you'd be welcome."
The others all whooped and Riku's eyes widened. The doors opened and Rachel nudged the girl out and they released each other and a few men and women waiting for the elevator stared at them but the pack pushed through and kept walking. After a short walk they turned into the mall-like strip, the hallway bustling. Stunned silence followed the quintet as they strode, the clicks of their heels clear in the sudden quiet.
"Really? You have openings?"
"We're like you, most of us have other jobs and there's always folks who can't make a show for some reason or another. Sue writes romance novels, basically she just changes the names and writes up whatever happened at the last show. I'm guessing an 'incredibly cute and petite girl from LA left half the boys broken husks after she'd had her way with them' or something like that will be a key subplot in the next one."
Sue smirked but didn't deny the accusation.
"I haven't made it through near half, yet," Riku chuckled, "but I hope you don't mind I fucked Todd's brains out last night, Rachel. He's good, can work a girl's pussy and ass, and I needed a warm up before I push Diana out of the way and take Jay on again tonight!"
Three sets of eyes glanced quickly at Diana and she nodded fractionally and grinned.
"Not to worry," Rachel's own laugh, "he's picky, so, me, you, he knows to stay away from these other bitches."
Raspberries all around as Riku laughed.
"What do you do, Rachel?"
"I'm an accountant."
"Bullshit," the petite woman said firmly.
"Nope," Sue said, "she handles my accounts!"
"I was a girl, middle school career day. The most beautiful woman, the coolest red hair, prettier than Sue's," the redhead sniffed, "tits like Diana's... strange gold eyes... Regaled all of us about the wonders of accounting. I fell in love with double-entry bookkeeping. Don't remember her name, just those incredible tits and eyes. And the highest and prettiest heels I'd ever seen."
They strode into the twenty-four hour twilight of the casino, flashing lights and sounds of conversation and croupiers muted by the dome's acoustic design. Eyes stared and more than one game of chance stalled for the passage and sounds were even further muted.
"Sounds like fun. I'm working on a project with quantum machine learning, might be our big project, and this is the best holiday I've had from it forever! So yeah, if you'll have me... Maybe we'll be done by then. It's in a programming language called CHRIS after the guy who invented it... although he was always upset about that, said it should be called 'PETER' for some reason... It's..."
Rachel smiled as the girl belatedly realized hundreds of random eyes were on them. On her. Men. Women. Gamblers. Hostesses. Dealers. Diana had stepped to the other side of the petite woman from Rachel but they both stayed a half step behind, Sue and Lisa with their grins were behind the lead trio. Riku's pace faltered for a couple of steps but she recovered and slowed her pace slightly and adopted the best strut she could copy from her companions. Despite her PhD and more degrees from Caltech and MIT and other brain busters she was the same age as Rachel which put them both just below the crew's average age. For these kinds of shows Margaret didn't hire anyone under twenty-one, and few stuck around past thirty. This girl had obviously studied computers hard but she'd also studied cocks. And pussies, according to Diana.
Rachel saw three of Arista's security team emerge from around a bank of slots, their faces grim. She caught eyes with the leader and it took a moment and his face showed recognition. He smiled and nodded slightly.
"Ladies," he tipped his cap as they met and both groups slowed but neither stopped, "hope you're having a good evening. Staying out of trouble?"
"For now but you might want to check out the big conference ballroom later, my cute friend here is going to destroy every boy she can get hold of," Rachel nodded at Riku whose mouth locked in an open mouthed smile, Rachel and the leader traded grins.
"I'll keep my eye on her," he winked and led his team on. Rachel was pretty sure he'd have words with whomever called them, probably one of the pit bosses. Most of them had steel rods up their backsides and their senses of humor surgically removed. Anything that disturbed the rapid deposit of gambling money into the casino's tills was frowned on and a few complaints from the first night had made their way to Margaret's ears. Whatever her response had been, she'd convinced management to leave them alone. Rachel was certain they'd simply looked at the skyrocketing attendance and profits way beyond expectations. The quintet moved on and laughed softly before they made the turn into the conference center area.
"Holy hell," Rachel said as her quintet followed a woman in an bustier and g-string and little more who led two gimp-suited men on leashes through the doors into the huge ballroom as they looked at their respective wraps and looked at others already in the huge space, "these things glow!"
"And eyes," Lisa added, "the mascara!"
Sue squinted and looked around. Margaret had given everyone mascara she'd told them all to wear, but not too heavy. It was a nice black and they all admired each other's faces.
"Black lights, oh hell, I've wondered. It's these threads. UV, black lights. These reflect it."
The geometric shapes that had seemed strange highlights in the colorful wraps and togas shimmered as bodies moved and exposed those threads to the special lights that had been quickly emplaced. They'd stolen most of the computer conference folks after Rachel's generosity with the free admissions and the discounts she'd doled out at the Starshine had been designed to replicate to everyone who walked through the 'A' doors. But it hadn't covered the after party. Which in the end seemed to have stopped few from plunking down their own cash.
"Bar," Lisa shouted and they forced their way into the mass of people and sound. The back third of each side wall and the entire back wall was alternating bars and food buffets, the food included in the tickets but for civilians only their first two drinks were free. But Margaret's people had no such limit.
On the stage at the front of the room lasers and a smoke machine pulsed to the DJ's beat through a quickly-upgraded sound system that filled the larger space. A giant video screen above the stage alternated scenes in the room with video and stills captured during the show and even the odd clip from the Starshine and other locations around town. A growing mass of bodies writhed in the space in front of that stage. Glowing wraps and togas seemed to leave tracks in the air as the dancers moved interspersed with shimmering darkness where they mixed with black leather and iridescent vinyl clad dancers.
They'd run out of the togas and wraps, some sold to people with no right to wear them. But, well, the customer is always right. Margaret had told Rachel they had a thousand of each to sell and the designer had scoffed they'd sell half of them. Somehow their boss had scrambled and brought forth more and the last couple of hundred were on a table outside and it looked like they'd go too before the night was over, a meeting room had been set up as a coat check and the room next door had a hastily-lettered sign that simply said 'Changing Room' for last minute purchasers.
This being Vegas they needed machines with flashing lights and sound effects. But instead of slots almost fifty pinball machines of every vintage lined the side walls to compete with the DJ and the crowd. Tables, chairs and couches were arrayed around the space and mixed in with arcade video games. Margaret liked her people to stagger their entrance so Rachel's group had held back. Their boss also didn't mind if some of her people 'hooked up' with dates for the party but she also wanted 'free agents' who could mingle freely. It wasn't like this wasn't a target-rich environment so Rachel didn't mind and neither did Sue or Lisa. She heard Diana's wrist pad chirp softly and her tall friend turned and a moment later Jay appeared and they clenched and kissed hard, his hands grabbed her ass and she rubbed her tummy against that ridiculous cock of his.
Rachel nudged Sue and Lisa back a step as Diana released the big man, his cock had woken and bounced against his toga. Riku stepped to him and he bent and grabbed her around the ass and picked her up, her hands quickly lifted his toga to expose his meat and pressed it vertically between them as he held her to kiss. She wrapped her legs around him and rubbed against his cock. Finally their mouths parted and he set her down and she spun to one side and Diana snuggled against his other side.
"Hey, Rachel, Sue, Lisa," he said, "sorry to be rude."
Rachel stepped forward and bent, used her free hand to lift his toga and kissed his cock before she sucked half of him in and squeezed and took care not to spill her wine.
"There, Riku," she looked at the wide-eyed girl, "your first target."
Diana snorted.
"Lame, Rachel, we're going to hit the dance floor, when we're ready I'll let you know and she'll kick your ass if you really want to take her on. She's MY student."
Riku's gaze flipped from Diana to Rachel and back.
"Get going," Rachel said, "we'll find you later!"
They waved before they spun as a unit and headed for the writhing mass.
"Nice butt plugs," Sue said as they watched them, "looks like they've got plans."
"Yeah," Rachel said, "and if we don't get it recorded Margaret will have our heads."
The wraps offered hidden if tiny pockets, she confirmed her palm camera in one. A camera, not a commera, although it did have wifi to copy recordings or stream them. A second pocket had a little bottle of lube and a few finger tests. Always come prepared, always be prepared to come.
Rachel's wrist chirped.
"Hurry," she said, "that's Rafe and supposedly Danny's with him. I want to see if they actually got that blonde here."
"And if she's got that strap-on I sold her," Sue laughed. They carried their drinks and found a spot out of direct eye line to the entrance and stood around a loose crowd.
A crowd of civilians came through the doors, Rachel guessed they were part of the construction crew, four men and a woman, all solidly built. The woman was in a gold wrap, one man in a similarly colored toga, the other men in street clothes.
Just behind them Rafe entered, the odd lighting meant his bruised eye wasn't obviously visible but Rachel snorted, if you knew to look it was there. The brunette geek girl had her arm around his on the side nearest them, her pink wrap worn to cover both her breasts and her pubic region and ass and it was a long model that fell to her mid-calves, but its flow showed she'd skipped underwear. They also chuckled slightly at her black flats.
"Holy shit," Sue snorted, "is that? With the mask?"
"It IS Danny," Lisa added, "and the chick IS blonde. Nice leather jacket, guess she ran out of clean shirts or bras to wear, definitely better tits than her friend. Cute buns with just that g-string on. Seen a few like that, she must've shopped at more than our booth."
"Nice boots. And she's wearing a strap-on, that the one you sold her?" Rachel's question.
"That's the eight incher. Guess those gloves are to cover that big ass diamond she has. Not like Danny gives a shit."
"Maybe she doesn't want to see it while she holds his hips and pegs his ass," Rachel said, "wonder if she's already reamed him?"
"And if she'll return the favor and bend over," Lisa added and they laughed as they watched the quartet absorbed into the crowd.
Another chirp and their attention returned to the door.
"Ah," Sue said, "no wonder Andy didn't want to get on her wrong side."
"Huh?" Lisa's question.
"Rosie the Riveter there, who he's with," Rachel said, "he said she had biceps. And tits as good as Diana's."
"He wasn't lying about either," Lisa said with admiration.
She had a short cream wrap with her large breasts exposed, dark olive skin and darker areolas and nipples, her exposed abdomen in the gap of the wrap showed a six pack. The trio looked at her muscular and well displayed legs with admiration. Her dark hair in a broad and flat ponytail that was pulled forward over her right shoulder that fell just over the swell of that breast. Andy's toga was the same color and the highlights from the lighting were silver in both and shimmers danced across his dark skin. He had the Roman sandals that all the boys wore with their togas.
"Go tell her you like her wedges, Sue, and that you're going to fight her for Andy," Rachel pointed and the redhead snorted as they watched her pull him toward one of the bars.
"Let's get refills instead and hit the dance floor," Sue responded as she drained her wine, her friends followed suit and they looked for the bar with the shortest lines.
Lisa had wandered off, hooked up with her own construction worker and Rachel and Sue each had hot boys pressed front and rear as the bodies on the floor moved as a single mass to the slow, sludge beat.
Both of Rachel's boys were computer nerd acquaintances of Riku's and on that girl's recommendation she'd agreed to check them out. Both wore togas and the one she kissed she'd been told had almost been an Olympic and pro soccer player, a blown knee had ended that but he still had the legs. Sure, computer programming seemed an obvious fallback. Her arm was around his neck to hold him close and her tongue fought his as his cock rubbed against her expectant clit. Her other hand reached back and held the hard cock between her ass cheeks and rubbed it. Their cocks weren't Jay's, not quite even Andy's or Todd's. But nice. Nice enough. Four hands roamed her body, her back, tits, pussy, fingers entered her front and rear.
Alongside her Sue had pulled both boys in front of her and alternated kisses, the other nuzzled her neck waiting for his turn. Each of her hands stroked a hard prick. On her right was the third computer geek Riku had sent them, like his companions in a shimmery, metallic blue toga. The other one of the construction workers in unzipped leather pants and an open leather vest that revealed solid abs and pecs.
"Not as good as Andy's girl's though," Sue had whispered to Rachel when they'd first collected these boys.
With her heels Rachel was perfectly positioned to push this forward. Her earpiece offered a steady stream of updates that she processed without breaking her concentration. She'd enlisted teammates as spies and they reported on the movements of Jay, Diana and their little friend, those two women's butt plugs meant it was likely a matter of time. She'd cornered Todd and he'd admitted he'd spent the previous evening fucking the girl front and rear, the latter with some care and effort. So if Diana seriously had plans for her boyfriend to replicate, Rachel was going to be there. But for now the two women had led him around like he had a natural leash, given the number of actual leashes in use it fit. They'd both alternated the occasional suck to push the lipstick line on that prick further and reports indicated they'd attracted a following.
Holy hell, it had struck Rachel, they WANTED an audience.
But. She slid the bottle of lube out of its hidden spot and broke the kiss and whispered to the boy in front of her as she shifted her feet to open his access. He exhaled but adjusted his own position.
"In, now," her voice was low but husky. The boy behind her stilled. The soccer boy bent his knees slightly then straightened and she purred as he pushed into her juicy slit. She found the other boy's hand and put the bottle into it then turned her head.
"Use it. Now." He stayed silent but kissed her on the mouth. He moved slightly as the soccer boy slowly fucked her then she felt pressure again. Her hand took the bottle and she felt slick fingers and then the prick. She stopped the first boy and it took a bit of effort before she 'aahhed' as a second cock entered her body. She hid the bottle and wrapped an arm around each boy's back. Unlike her teammates her current pair fumbled a bit to get the rhythm but she used her body to coax them and purred as they pumped and kissed and licked at her neck, the soccer boy was able to suck her steel hard nipples into his mouth without losing his fucking rhythm.
She looked sidewise. Her boys had Sue spit-roasted, the leather-clad construction worker held her hips and slammed into her from behind and shoved the computer nerd boy's prick fully into her mouth each time.
The nearest 'dancers' around them whooped and cheered at the sight but it wasn't like they were the only ones so engaged. Rachel liked an audience and she knew Sue did too, but there was just too much competition to get an exclusive one. Unless you were a six-six Adonis with a firehose between your legs, his six-foot girlfriend with the biggest tits in the room and their not even five foot friend pulling him around by his built-in leash.
Rachel let her brain go idle, concentrated on the pair of cocks that forced their way in and out of her body. The fingers that were squeezed between bodies and scissored her clit. The lips and tongues on her neck and nipples. Three sets of breaths sped, went ragged, hot exhaled air tingled on her flesh, their sweat combined as each of the trio forced them all on. She turned her head to offer a different angle to her neck and opened her eyes slightly.
The big screen. A collage of angles. Her. Sue. Their boys. She whooped and pushed her lovers harder as she pumped her body back at them. A sudden amplified voice filled the space.
"Let me hear it for Rachel and Sue!"
Sue jumped but seemed to understand and encouraged her boys harder. Rachel's moans combined with the boys' as they pushed their fucking to maximum. Suddenly she felt the cock in her ass expand before the boy screamed and slammed himself deep. She felt the spasms and they pushed the soccer boy to a crazed pace and she lost count of the spasms of the boy behind her.
This time her screams were added to her soccer boy's and her pussy welcomed a stream of his cum with her own that gushed down three sets of legs. She encouraged another half dozen pumps before the boys both went still and sandwiched her tightly. She held them while a smattering of applause broke out around them before she wiggled and felt more goo run down her legs as the softened cocks popped out of her body. She grabbed the soccer boy's head and kissed him hard before she nudged him away so she could turn and repeat it with the other boy. Finally, breathing hard, she released him and slid an arm around each waist and had arms around her shoulders.
A moment later she faced Sue, who'd pulled her boys into the same position. Rachel smiled at what looked like a trickle of cum where the redhead's cheek met her chin. Sue's eyes went wide when she looked over Rachel's head and the brunette turned. They were on the big screen, so first Rachel then Sue led their trios in bows to elicit another round of applause. Then the DJ kicked off a new, fast beat and the big screen moved to live crowd shots.
"Thanks for lovely time, boys, maybe we'll see you around later," Rachel kissed each one's cheek in turn then gently pushed them away, Sue followed suit a moment later. As four male faces slowly morphed to surprise Rachel stepped and slipped her arm around Sue's and they both blew kisses to the shocked quartet and they quickly turned and disappeared into the crowd.
"You look well fucked," Sue said, her voice not totally happy. Rachel smiled and slowed them as she leaned and licked the bit of cum from her friend's face and smacked her lips a couple of times.
"Hmm," the brunette said, "I get your drift."
"Good sizes," Sue said, "and the boy behind me knew how to fuck and used his fingers. But I have no idea what this other one eats... Funkiest jizz I've tasted in a long time."
"Hopefully not something the finger tests can't find," Rachel said, "but well, we are covered by a hell of a medical plan."
Sue laughed.
"I have my villain for the next book," she said, "who my innocent, petite, Asian-American heroine almost falls for before she realizes the mistake!"
"Innocent," Rachel snorted, "might be a stretch."
"Literary license...,." Sue said but stopped. Just beyond the fringe of the swirling, sweaty mass she slowed the pair and nudged Rachel to look to their right.
"That's Andy," she said.
"Is, go say hi?" They'd taken a step toward the couple when they realized the couple wasn't just tightly together when they saw that Andy's hips pistoned, his cock burying itself into Rosie's body on each thrust. Her left leg was around his hip and her head was back and her eyes closed, his face out of sight against the dark woman's left shoulder. She opened her eyes and saw them and her face hardened.
Sue nudged Rachel and they smiled softly and turned and set off in their original direction.
"Don't think she wants company," Sue chuckled.
"C'mon, like I said, you could take her," Rachel's voice a lilt.
"Yeah, I could bleed all over her while I throw my face at her fists."
"Andy does freelance web design," Rachel said as they laughed, "he could live in Henderson and do that. But if that's the case, this'll be his last show I'm pretty sure!"
They had full glasses of wine and wandered among tables and couches when a cheer rose up. They looked up then turned to the video screen after a moment.
"Oh. My. God," Sue said.
Danny's head was arched back, a black choker around his neck connected to a leash by a hook at the back. His eyes were closed and his mouth wide. He was bent over a chair with his toga thrown up to reveal the lower third of his back and the masked blonde stood behind him. Her mask covered every part of her face except for her mouth and she was topless, her leather jacket nowhere to be seen and her moderately large tits bounced as she'd obviously just buried the entire strap-on into his nether region. Her gloves were black and reached nearly to her elbows and one held the leash tightly while the other reached under him and squeezed and stroked a cock that was likely at maximum hardness.
"He did say don't send a boy to do a man's job," Rachel said.
"That strap-on's got two vibes, one in the shaft and one that fits against the wearer's clit," Sue said, "top of the line."
The crowd changed and cheered as the video screen switched among multiple angles that showed a circle around them. The couple seemed oblivious, Danny's pleasure and concentration at the intrusion as the woman pumped and her tits bounced. Finally it was obvious he'd screamed as she'd slammed into him even harder and the hand in his crotch moved rapidly. A moment later her face followed his with her own climax and they both sagged, him over the chair and she leaned over his back. She pulled her hand from beneath him and looked at it before she jerked his head with the leash and reached. He turned his head and began to lick the glove.
"Oh," Rachel said, "she's a hard one! Making him clean his own cum."
Seemingly satisfied, his face morphed as she withdrew and she urged him to stand before she had him half turn and they kissed. A last cheer rose before the video screen returned to its montage of group videos.
Rachel's wrist chirped.
"C'mon," she grabbed Sue's arm, "it's GO time!"
She adjusted her direction a couple of times as she pushed past bodies and Sue tried to keep up. Finally, she saw Ivy who waved and they quickened their pace.
"Who's the boy?" Sue asked as they neared their friend, she stood to a handsome black man about six feet tall, maybe thirty and with close-cropped hair, in leather pants and a sleeveless tee.
"Her husband," Rachel said. Sue's mouth gaped, "his flight got delayed or she'd have introduced him last night. Surprise!"
Sue laughed, then she and Rachel hugged Ivy.
"This is Eric," she told them and each woman hugged him, "sorry for the surprise."
"Late flight," Sue sniffed, Ivy smiled.
"We'll talk later, it's happening!" She pointed at a crowd, Rachel smiled, she saw Jay's head above the crowd.
"C'mon," she said, "got work to do."
The crowd was reluctant to part but when recognition dawned that she and Sue had been on the highlight reel, they were able to squeeze past.
Jay, Diana and Riku had commandeered a couch and stood side-on to Rachel and her trailing trio. He'd removed his toga and was fully erect and stood in front of the tiny girl as she worked half of his massive erection into her mouth while Diana caressed both of them and urged her on. Both women's wraps were piled at the near end of the couch but they still had their heels on.
"Ivy," her friend looked at Rachel, "stay here. I'm going behind the couch. Sue, far side. Got your cameras?"Both women smiled and nodded.
"Good. If that little girl doesn't come with us to Chicago I'll scream! Let's go."
She and Sue worked their ways past the crowd, again, they were given passage as recognition dawned. Rachel found her spot and Sue pushed on, her red hair allowed her even easier movement.
Diana caught Rachel's eye and the standing woman winked, Diana smirked as she urged Riku to another incredible effort. After a moment of sucking she backed off and Diana motioned to her. She turned and smiled at Rachel, beckoned her forward then to bend over and the crowd murmured when they kissed with mouths obviously open while others goggled as Diana swallowed Jay almost completely.
"Got your camera?" Rachel's face betrayed surprise but she recovered and nodded, held her palm up, her half-finished wine in her other hand.
"Make sure you get this," Riku said before she nudged Rachel back. She pulled her legs up and flipped to lay on her back, her thighs vertical and against the back of the couch and she laid her head over the front as Jay knelt in front of her. The tiny cameras offered a button to fire an aiming laser since there was no screen. She set it between Riku's cute little tits and tried to hold it steady.
She reached and found Jay's hips and Diana guided his cock to her ready and willing mouth. He shuffled and adjusted and her lips and cheeks worked him in and her hands encouraged him. With two-thirds swallowed she pushed back and he retreated, once out she licked the head and took a couple of deep, slow breaths. Diana's right hand reached between her legs and Riku spread them wider while the tall woman's left hand guided the cock again to the waiting mouth.
Her lips pulled his cock in and her hands urged him forward. Diana's fingers worked her clit and pushed into the petite woman's pussy. The crowd went silent as she worked past the previous mark, stopped him as her throat worked and she shifted slightly.
Then in a slow but smooth move she sucked his entire prick into her throat, his balls hit her nose and only a fraction of the base showed. Her lips and cheeks and throat worked for a few moments before she pushed him but with the head still hidden she pulled him back.
His entire cock again disappeared. Rachel heard something like a mass gasp and turned quickly but kept the camera steady. It was her feed on the big screen, she'd enabled streaming assuming Margaret was somewhere watching. The big picture shifted before she readjusted.
Each time Riku pushed out Jay's shaft the next suck was a fraction quicker until he had a deliberate but impressive pace as he pumped into and out of her mouth, her throat bulged visibly with each passage. Drool leaked out of the sides of her mouth and his prick moved and ran down her cheeks, Diana wiped at the streams as her fingers worked at the girl's crotch.
Rachel shook her head. She was impressed as she recorded the girl's blow job and hoped that this sweet little thing would indeed join them for the next show in Chicago. It would be autumn and the weather cooler and Margaret had hinted at some plans at clothing even more interesting than this time. Rachel liked the money, especially this trip where she'd gross triple the base fee with all of the bonuses, but more she enjoyed everything else.
Including the opportunity to fuck as many hot boys as she wanted without having to worry about them wanting to stick around. Something her mother frowned on but well, that was her problem. Her attention focused back on Riku as the girl shivered, it was clear Diana's fingers were having their effect but she widened the focus and Jay's chest grew and shrank. Riku urged him to speed his pumps. Her back arched and her ass popped up and her throat tightened on his prick as he pushed home. He let out a clear 'aaahhh' as her throat pulsed and he delivered a load of cum. She held him until his chest slowed and her abs loosened.
He withdrew slowly and a few globs of white cum followed his cock out of her mouth. Diana hurriedly licked and kissed at Riku's face before their lips met and they kissed slowly. Applause sounded. The tall woman helped the girl flip and they both stood and she held Riku's right arm in the air for a moment. Once it had quieted two people stepped forward with full mugs of beer and Jay and Riku took one each. They tapped the mugs and Jay barely drained his ahead of the petite girl, both did it one solid swig. A few more gasps.
Rachel had attended university and had partied plenty but this twig of a girl hadn't simply sat in front of a terminal and she'd finished three times as many degrees. She might be dangerous to actually have around, Rachel thought, who knows how much bail it might cost Margaret!
"That was just the warm up," Diana's voice projected, she was a natural mezzo and could actually sing and ranged more toward contralto when she did, so she pitched her voice to its lower range so it would carry, "don't go anywhere."
At that she grabbed Jay and they held each other tightly and kissed hard. Riku looked around and motioned to someone, Vivian walked forward and stripped off her wrap and wrapped her arms around her summoner and they kissed alongside the tall couple. Rachel saw both still had their butt plugs. Riku separated and sat on the couch and Diana quickly turned and pushed Jay to sit alongside her. She and Vivian dropped to their knees and Diana kissed and licked Jay's somewhat relaxed prick while Viv buried herself in Riku's crotch. Three hands helped Diana's mouth. Jay leaned sideways and down so he could kiss the petite girl.
Rachel shifted slightly to get the full quartet into frame, glanced back and saw the big screen with a collage of views. The crowds, near and distant, made sounds of anticipation. She was pretty sure she knew what was coming, and wondered what the crowd expected.
Diana looked happy as she kissed along her boyfriend's revitalised flesh, she glanced sideways as Riku grabbed Vivian's head and her whole body spasmed. She pulled Viv's face to hers and they kissed again. Diana looked up and caught Rachel's eyes and signalled her to come to the front of the couch, she did so. Diana and Viv stood and pulled Riku up and turned her, she leaned over and kissed Jay and Diana made a show of pulling the butt plug slowly out of the petite woman. She held it up to a surprised cheer as Viv retrieved a bottle of lube buried under the wraps and slopped it thickly on Jay's erection. Then she turned and used her fingers to coat Riku's rear opening.
The tall brunette palmed the plug as she and Viv helped Riku straddle Jay's legs, he grabbed her under the arms and positioned her over his prick. Diana fine tuned his aim then sidled so could squat and get a clear angle of the girl's open crotch and her huge grin. Her dark pubic hair had been shorn to a crew cut length so her slit and her asshole were clearly visible.
Oh, hell, Rachel thought, they're going to do this! Viv held the huge rod at Riku's anal opening and head entered her as Jay held her and pushed her down. Her face moved through various expressions as he entered her. He lifted her before he pushed her down again, getting half of his prick in before she tapped him and he stopped. He lifted her again until only the head was in and Viv reached under and added more lube.
Riku braced herself against Jay's arms and pushed herself down, she took deep and slow breaths as she pushed him further into her rectal passage. Ones and twos started before the crowd picked up an 'all the way' chant. Rachel stared, wide-eyed, the DJ put on a walking bass line of descending chords. Riku stopped at three quarters and Rachel picked up the look of frustration. Rachel knew that was about Todd's cock and she'd said she'd taken him last night. But was Jay too much? After all, even Diana had just about been at her limit when Jay'd assfucked her with his full length at the Starshine the first night.
But the petite lunatic closed her eyes and took a deep breath before she pushed again. Rachel glanced and saw even Diana had a surprised expression as Riku pushed further. She finally stopped with a couple of finger widths left and she opened her eyes and shook her head. Then Jay pulled her up to leave the head in before she pushed down again, smoothly taking everything but the couple of finger widths again.
'Oohs' and 'aahs' came from the crowd. Riku pumped three more times before she rose and his cock popped free. She pushed around and kissed Jay then jumped to his side on her hands and knees, her ass high.
"Fuck my ass, big boy, don't leave it empty!"
Rachel rose and caught Diana's shocked face that morphed to a smile, Jay's shrug as he stood and threw one of the sofa cushions onto the floor and knelt behind his target. She kept her camera more or less on the scene as she walked around the back of the couch again. Jay looked at Vivian, she slathered more lube on his cock and he moved it into place and without much ceremony pushed half of it back into Riku's ass.
She arched her head and moaned.
The DJ somehow, from somewhere, found theFinaleof theWilliam Tell Overture, Rachel's face wasn't the only one that popped up as the trumpets blared. Jay pulled back then deliberately pushed himself in, reached again the nine-tenths and some depth they'd managed a few moments earlier. Rachel caught Diana's shrug, she reached into the corner of the couch and pulled out a vibrator and knelt and reached under the girl.
Riku screamed as the humming plastic found a clit that had already been well abused. Jay moved with a deliberate if not rapid pace, the girl's body rippled up and down as he pumped and Diana worked her cunt with the toy and her small nipples with her other hand. She whispered something Rachel couldn't hear.
"He better not stop!" The petite woman's response, Diana smiled, looked at Jay and he sped up by a fraction. She screamed and moaned each time her body was practically torn in two and Rachel heard Diana flick the vibrator's switch from 'fast' to 'ri-fucking-diculous speed.'
Viv watched for a while then shook her head and put her ass on the far arm of the couch, one foot between Jay's calves and the other on the floor to open her legs wide and she rubbed herself hard and fast.
Suddenly Riku jumped and she let out a scream. "FFFUUUUCCCCKKKK!" It was followed by a series of loud and incoherent combination moans and screams and Diana kept the vibrator on her but after two more pumps Jay pulled his cock from her ass in one quick stroke, Viv jumped from masturbating and wrapped her arms around Jay's body and stroked his cock with both hands. Diana forced four, five then finally a sixth further orgasm from Riku's tiny body, each accompanied by another series of moaned screams and the asshole DJ found the cannonade from the1812 Overture. Diana took Riku's weight as the girl's body went totally flaccid and pulled her hands from beneath her as she laid flat just as Viv pumped a stream of cum from Jay's huge cock that sprayed across the prone young woman's ass and lower back. Viv kept at it with diminishing returns for a few more pumps.
Rachel stepped quickly around to the front with her camera and Riku's heavily lidded eyes and triumphant smile was displayed on the big screen. She was soaked with sweat and her breathing was fast and ragged. A round of cheers and whoops filled the huge hall. Riku motioned with her finger and Rachel bent and kissed her, slowly and with their mouths open as their tongues touched softly.
"I can't wait for Chicago," the girl said softly, then she closed her eyes and her body sagged even more.
Rachel flicked her camera off and stood and Diana hugged her, she bent and kissed Jay and then Vivian. Diana stood and tossed Jay his toga, he slipped it on and adjusted it as Diana quickly pulled her wrap on, again leaving her tits and pussy exposed. Jay rolled Riku and lifted her into his arms and Diana covered her with the wrap but didn't bother dressing her. She wrapped her arms around Jay's neck and snuggled her head against his shoulder, her eyes fluttered and closed again.
"We'll take her back," Diana said, "she can stay with me."
Rachel nodded. The crowd parted to allow the trio their path to the exit. The DJ returned to his range of dance and rock tracks.
Margaret's voice came through Rachel's earbud and she pointed to it in the universal signal and Sue and Ivy nodded at her as they gathered with the latter's handsome husband.
"You won't believe the streaming numbers, That all just went out live! Rachel, your pod's in line for another bonus! Can't forget Danny! And Rafe. Some cougar found him and his geek girl and the two ladies got into a punch-up," Rachel's mind ran back to their first walk, that attractive woman with the real grey highlights, smiled, "now he's got two black eyes. Didn't get that on the big screen, but streamed it. Ya'll can watch it later. Go have fun, we'll get together for lunch tomorrow, I'm planning on sleeping in! Can't wait for Chicago!!!"
The connection dropped and Rachel exhaled with a happy thought. Yeah, she'd sleep in too. Maybe. Maybe she'd just stay awake, there were plenty more boys. She whooped and grabbed Sue and Ivy in a hug.
Yup, plenty more boys.