I had just finished landing a nice lake trout when I noticed that the light snow had just turned heavy. It was Labor Day weekend and heavy snow was not common for this part of Colorado in the beginning of September. I decided that this would be my last trout for this solo hiking trip and I returned to my shoreline camp to cook my trout dinner. As it was still snowing after dinner, it meant an early evening, so I prepared to retire to my tent to get some sleep before the full day hike back down to my waiting car.
The next morning, I peeked out of the tent to see more than a foot of snow on the ground. I very carefully rolled up my sleeping bag to keep it dry. The tent was going to be a problem as the exterior was wet from the snow; I packed it in my mesh bag so that it could breathe, and then loaded my pack for the long trek down the mountain.
Less than an hour into my trip, it began to snow again. It was already a tough going, trying to keep up a good walking pace in this heavy wet snow. Soon it became difficult to see the trail. In these near white-out conditions, it did not take long before I knew that I was no longer on the trail.
After a few more hours of slow walking in the tall snow, I realized that it was taking its toll on my body and I looked for a place to rest. A short time later, I heard a chopping sound. It was the sound of splitting wood that I knew quite well from my younger years on the farm.
I was a year out of college in my first position after graduating and this was my first real vacation , even though it was only a few days tacked onto a holiday weekend. And now, I was thinking that I might not make it back to work on time after this trip.
Again, I heard the chopping, but who would be splitting wood in this weather and where was I on this mountain, as there were no buildings or structures, or even roads to my knowledge anywhere near the trail that I took up the mountain. The snow began to lighten in its fall, but it was still deep so, I decided to follow the sounds of likely the only other person on this mountain, for a bit of a rest.
A short time later, I saw a lean-to ahead of me. I could see that the lean-to was just large enough to swing the ax and keep oneself out of the weather. As I adjusted my angled to walk towards the lean-to, I could see a man at his work. He appeared to be well suited to the rough environment on this mountain.
As I approached, I looked around to observe the full scene. The lean-to was connected to what I would call a small barn. I also saw a small rustic cabin that was a bit nicer than the barn and well, nothing else. But where was this man's transportation? Certainly he had a vehicle, but none of the buildings had a large enough door that could house a vehicle. This was a bit perplexing. There was a small clearing; around the perimeter of the clearing was a solid line of trees. But there was no trail wide enough for a vehicle to pass between the trees. I continued my trudge in the deep powder to introduce myself to this hard-working man.
Before I could say anything, the man looked up as he saw me walking towards him, stopped his work and removed his hat for just a moment.
"What the hell are you doing out here in this mess?" the man blurted out. "Come on, grab a load of logs and bring 'em inside."
He did not even introduce himself, but quietly grabbed a handful of logs and walked off. I grabbed as many as I could carry with my backpack on and followed behind him. Not too far away was a small cabin, smaller than a 2 car garage. I stepped inside, closed the door and saw a woman who appeared to be a decade older than me, not skinny but, with all the right curves. She was wearing panties and a man's t-shirt that way too large for her, as the neck opening was exposing her left shoulder. Her breasts pushed out on the front of the shirt, surprisingly perky and quite full. I then realized that I was staring and looked away. I walked over, dropped the split logs along with my pack that was very heavy by this time and I turned around. She looked at me but her gaze quickly dropped to the floor. She said nothing but went back to her house work and ignored me.
I looked around at both of them and they were busy at doing what I thought was next to nothing, thus I thought that perhaps this is the cause or result of being isolated: no social skills.
"Hello, my name is Thomas." I offered. Hearing no reply, I added, "And who do I have the pleasure of being the guests of, that has rescued me from this storm." My words were a bit stumbling as I started to speak without thinking my thoughts through.
"Well, I am Mike and this here is Tina," Mike said in a country twang. Tina looked up at me for a brief moment and then back down to the sweeping that she was doing on the rough wood floor. "Well, ya didn't answer the question," Mike paused for a moment, "What brings you out here?"
"Sorry, I was fishing up at Trout Lake and I guess I lost the trail. I have been walking for hours, so I am not quite sure that I know what part on the mountain I am on right now." I backed up and told them the full story of my several days on this hiking / fishing trip while at the same time stopping to look over to Tina who would snap her eyes away from me at every glance I took at her. I could tell that Tina was listening to my story, while not looking away from her light house work. Although it appeared to me that the house work that she was doing, was just a ploy to appear busy.
"Well, let me tell you," offered Mike, "No one gets by for free, everyone pulls their own weight and you do it right the first time." This appeared to be the motto that he lived by and I thought it a bit odd that he just started up the conversation with this comment. "Now, go outside and bring in another load of wood for the stove!" He demanded.
I headed out directly, just as he requested and returned with a load of split logs from the lean-to. Upon my return, there was a bit of light conversation but one could tell that he was a man of few words and Tina was a woman of none, at least none so far. I offered my remaining trout up for dinner and Tina prepared the meal. She was a very good cook. After the meal, Mike went about clearing the plates and began washing the dishes. They appeared to have a sharing relationship when it came to the chores, as they split the workload evenly. At that time I began to survey the room to locate a place for my sleeping bag. At the same time, Mike was moving the tub of water from the dishes (A tub, because they had no sink) and spilled the tub of water onto my sleeping bag.
Mike remarked, "Well, that's unfortunate." I thought that was an odd thing to say. I did not realize it at that time that the makeshift drain to empty the tub into, was at the other side of the counter. What I did notice was that nothing else got wet, just my sleeping bag, and it was drenched to the core. "Well, you will just have to share our bed." Mike offered as he hung up my sleeping bag on a line by the stove. I noticed that they had a queen sized bed that was disproportionately large for the room. The bed was supported by a beautiful handmade wood frame, made from logs that I am confident came from what was now a small clearing just outside the cabin door.
By this time, it was getting late and I was looking forward to a good night's sleep, followed by an early hike down the mountain. Mike must have read my mind as he suggested that I get some sleep while he went outside to finish his chores. As it was only a single room, I grabbed my workout shorts and t-shirt and then waited a moment for Tina to turn around. As she did, I dropped by pants and quickly put on my shorts. I tossed on my t-shirt and slid into bed and tried to settle into the far side and snuggle tightly to the wall. Soon, Mike returned, quickly disrobed and climbed into bed. A short time later Tina climbed over Mike and slid into bed between us and snuggled up to Mike. I became aroused, but I was able to fall asleep a short time later.
I woke up in the middle of the night with Tina's round full butt cheeks pressed hard into my groin, I then felt her reach down and pull down my boxer shorts, from my hip. I did not know what to think. What was happening? Was she making a move on me just inches away from her husband? Her hand returned to my hip at the mattress, but why did I raise my hip off the bed to allow her to lower my shorts down to mid thigh? There was very little movement as she again positioned her butt cheeks into my groin. I quickly swelled up hard. She raised her butt higher up my body towards my chest. As she did this, my penis sprung out in between her legs and throbbed up and down. She slowly lowered her hips down along my body with only the slightest movement of the bed. She was very slow and deliberate in her movements. She then lowered her butt cheeks down to apply pressure on my shaft. Without moving her hands and with only the smallest movements, she circled her vaginal opening around the tip of my throbbing penis. As she continued her slow movements, I could feel that there was no need for lubrication as she was dripping wet from her own excitement.
She moved away slightly and I almost gasped, that's when I realized that she began to rub the tip of my penis on her clitoris. This was as exciting for me as straight vaginal sex. This probably lasted for only a minute or two but still was very thrilling for me. She then skillfully positioned my penis back to her vagina and in one soft and slow movement she slid over my penis all the way to the base. I stayed motionless in the bed. I was expecting her to slide up and down on my member, but that did not happen. She began to squeeze her vaginal muscles around me and relax, squeeze and relax. I joined her with our mutual 'Kegel exercises'. She would squeeze, I would squeeze. We had a great rhythm going on, yet not really moving at all. This was so very exciting and seemed to last forever.
I lost all track of time as I focused on her actions, then mine. It was quite some time, but I finally felt my orgasm approach, but I knew that I could not thrust or risk waking Mike up, who was right there, just a few inches away. I could tell that he was asleep from his breathing and occasional light snore. It took at least 5 more minutes of being on the edge of orgasm and at this point I could barely stand it. I stopped my squeezing and just pressed hard against her ass. I attempted to control my breathing, but I know that I was failing to be completely silent. Tina must have been able to tell that I was very close now, but she too held back from thrusting and continued to rhythmically squeeze and relax. I pushed into her as hard as I felt that I could without moving her. She has to know how close to orgasm I was, because she began to squeeze me in rapid succession. I finally released my molten hot load deep into her. It was possibly the best orgasm that I have ever had. The grin on my face must have been huge as I remembered every moment of the last 90 plus minutes in great detail. I began to drift off to sleep when my penis shrunk that last little bit and popped out of her vagina. I pulled up my boxers and attempted to relax. It took a few more minutes but I was able to settle into a deep sleep.
My next memory was only half-waking up to a sore penis, from having an erection that lasted for such a very long time. The memory of our activities from the middle of the night was still fresh in my mind. How was it even possible to have sex with a man's wife without him knowing, while he was in the same bed? Was it truly possible to slip one past the goalie, when the goalie was right there only a few inches away? And then the horror set in; what if he did wake up at any point last night? How would he react to learning about me having sex with his wife? I could be in real trouble in this secluded setting, when no one knows that I am here.
I then gradually slid to a slightly more awake state and realized that it had to be Tina moving in the bed. I sneaked one eye open but could see very little in the dark room. My first true realization as I began to wake was that she had a full grasp of my penis shaft, and she was bearing down hard. My mind quickly jumped back to the horror of getting caught by Mike. I opened my eyes to look straight down, only to confirm my thoughts. It was her, what the hell was she doing? I just knew that this was not going to end well for me. I adjusted my gaze over to Tina, and to my surprise, I saw Mike on top of Tina pounding away in an aggressive sexual display.
He was totally engrossed with a hard and fast thrusting into Tina, as he lay directly on top of her in a straight missionary position, with his head buried over her shoulder. I looked over to Tina and our eyes met in the dim light of the early morning dawn. She was staring directly at me as her body and head were bouncing about from the pounding her husband was giving her, yet her gaze did not break from me. Soon, he finished with 5 long hard and rhythmic thrusts. He fell upon her with his full weight. She maintained her firm grip on my penis from under the covers the entire time. Mike did not move for a moment, and at that time, I could see the longing in her eyes that she wanted more.
I had not known her to have an orgasm with her husband, at least while I was awake. Come to think of it, she did not orgasm last night with me either, as far as I could tell. At this time, he rolled off of his wife and slowly sat up on the edge of the bed facing away from me. I looked at his back, then over to her and back to him, but I did not move a muscle. What should I do at this time? Should I pretend to be asleep? But how would it be possible to sleep through all of this action. He knew that I was right here in bed with them and still had sex with her. What was he thinking having sex with me in the bed with them? I widened my frame of view to see both of them. Mike then stood up, turned around and looked at Tina, then looked over to me with my eyes wide open showing a face of shock. I dared not speak, but decided to wait for him to talk. Did he know about my liberties from earlier that night? Was I in real danger at this moment? What the hell was he thinking?
Finally, Mike spoke, "No one gets by for free. Everyone pulls their weight." I was expecting the third part of his motto, but instead... "Now get in there and finish what I started," Mike said as he gestured to his wife.
"Ah, What!" fumbled from my lips, as this did not make any sense to me. What was he saying? The confusion must have been obvious from my expression.
Before I could form another bumbling thought, Mike rescued me by saying, "It is harder to get this woman off, than it is to remove a seed tick after it's been buried in your backside for a week. Finish her off for me, and I suggest that you do not stop until you make her scream." He continued. "Now get with it, so I can start my morning chores." With those words, Tina grabbed my bicep and tugged. I could see before that she was begging me with her eyes and now her hands joined in on her longing. So I obliged her, and rolled closer with Tina's pull on my arm and landed with my lips to her breast.
As I began to suckle and tease her nipple, Mike spoke again, "That's close enough." And with that, he began to dress and headed outside, with only a short glance back at the two of us sharing his bed and exploring each other's bodies. He closed the door behind him and I could hear the sounds of crunching snow as he walked away.
I returned to my newly assigned task, and it got me thinking about my training from my first college girlfriend and how she had trained me right, because, as I started college, I knew nothing about women and my girlfriend could tell that right off from our first romantic encounter. So that on our second encounter, she signed me up for an extracurricular class and started this as a teaching lesson right there in the bed. She took control of the situation with her confidence and gentle voice as she walked me through the process of how to treat, care for, respect and help a woman to find true pleasure in the sexual experience. I was a fumbling student with her at first, but became a quick study. I enjoyed her direct tutoring session and soon, she was reaching multiple orgasms with our every encounter. Though we later grew apart, I will always cherish her for the gift she gave me during my freshman year.
I quickly remembered where I was and got busy with putting my college-learned lessons to work. Tina had presented me with a wonderful gift in the middle of the night and now with her husband's permission, she deserved the best sexual experience that I could give her. I started slowly by caressing her neck with my lips and worked my way down to her breasts. Using my lips and hands all around the perimeter of her breast, I was just waiting for her to beg for focus on her nipples. When I did finally move to her nipples, I could feel the arch in her back as she pushed upward towards my working lips. She was totally engaged in the moment, like she had never had this level of attention focused on her.
And as I continued to work on her pleasure, while enjoying every minute of this myself, it dawned on me that perhaps she has never received this level of attention. Most every man is a selfish lover until a woman shows him the best way for her to enjoy the sexual experience. And by the brief view of their earlier sex, it appeared that Mike might have never been taught these lessons.
I returned my attention to her as I kissed my way down her waist and then to the edge of her pubic hairline. I could tell that she was begging for me to dive in, but instead I jumped to kiss her inner thighs, while my hands gently caressed every part of her legs. Her hands moved to return my caress, however, by this time she could only reach my head and shoulders. I split my attention as one hand messaged her left foot while the other lightly touched her inner thigh right to the point where her upper legs end. I could feel her melt and quiver at my touch. As I began to work on her right foot, I allowed my hand to finger her vagina. She pushed her hips into my hand as my finger easily slipped into her, being well lubricated by her husband's activity just moments ago.
Just then, Mike walked back in with his hands full of chicken eggs from his morning chores. He immediately barked out, "Are your guys still at this? Just taking your time, Hmmm. Well, make it count." And with that, he set down the eggs and walked back out without adjusting his coat. It struck me as a bit odd, as my naked body was intertwined with his wife, with no sign of covers anywhere in sight. His comments were so relaxed and straightforward as if he was talking to a neighbor across the backyard fence.
I turned my focus to her clitoris, already well lubricated and fully engorged. I worked on this for several minutes using light touches then splitting my attention, I inserted a finger from my left hand and worked on her g-spot with a 'come here' of the finger and with two fingers of my right hand I made a circular motion around her clitoris. It did not take long for her to approach a climax. I could not tell which hand was responsible for her orgasm but I kept my movement going and all the way through her climax that seemed to last for a solid 30 seconds. I did not stop my actions and it was less than a minute when she climaxed again, with a bucking action like a rodeo bronco.
At this time, I was leaking pre-cum from my penis because my erection was as solid as it was the night before. I climbed on top and slowly inserted my penis into her eager cavern. Once fully inserted I began a few rhythmic thrusts. I paused and lifted her hips and rolled onto my side. I continued the roll and pushed her the rest of the way around to position her on top of me. She began with slow and steady movements forward and back. I pulled her knees up to my waist one at a time and encouraged her to sit up on top of me. Her glorious melons hung swaying in front of me. My hands almost instinctively moved to her breasts. They were so round, full and flowing with her moving rhythm, that I gave them my direct focus and attention. She appeared to be totally engrossed in driving her hips forward and forcing her clitoris hard against me with every thrust.
It did not take long and she started breathing heavy and her third orgasm followed, lasting a good while. It appeared that she was savoring every sensation that it was bringing. Her breathing slowly returned to normal and I took over her movements and began pushing up into her. In less than a minute she was having another orgasm, number four. Yes, I was counting her orgasms, a habit I still enjoy. As her sensations started fading, I could feel my fluids rumbling and I quickly followed her by erupting into her, as I bucked and pushed up into her with all I had. She collapsed on top of me with a mashing of her warm breasts onto my chest. It took a short time for my muscles to fully relax and as they did she brushed her hair aside and gave me a gentle kiss on the lips. I knew she was a married woman, so I was very intent on not kissing her on the lips. It was not until later that I began to question why I would draw the line at not kissing a married woman, but I would take many other sexual liberties with her without a second thought.
She slid gently off of me and climbed out of the bed. I very much enjoyed the view of her curves as she walked away from me. She did not put on a bit of clothing, but began to prepare breakfast for our strange trio. I must say, I laid there for a few minutes, enjoying the beauty of her movements and swaying of her naked body as she engaged in normal daily activity. I then remembered the motto that her husband lived by and knew that I had to get out of bed and do something productive. As I was getting dressed, my mind was racing with the question of what I could do to be productive, as I needed to be productive and I needed to do it quickly. After dressing, I made the bed, but was I was not sure if this was something that he cared about. I decided to work on bringing in some more firewood, as firewood was easily consumed in quantity in this landscape and altitude.
While outside, I met up with Mike and he inquired, "Did you make her scream?"
I responded, "Yes, sir!" (Saying sir as a sign of respect to the man that was generous with his most prized possession) "More than once... and I did it right the first time." I said this last part, as I remembered the third part of his motto. I don't know if I said this to impress him, as a way to show off, or to just cut the tension. His response that followed shocked me, but at this point, why did it even surprise me?
"Well, isn't that something." Mike replied.
It was then that I looked around at the snow-covered landscape and realized again that I did not see a vehicle. But I remembered seeing a chainsaw in the lean-to with the steep roof. So, I knew that they used modern conveniences. But my mind quickly shifted to how I was going to walk out of here, as I was not going to get a ride from someone with no truck. "So, how do you get along out here without a vehicle?" I inquired. He began to explain that he has a friend who lives down the road about a mile or so that drives only a few hundred yards from here when he goes into town, so they help each other out. He likes being isolated and he makes wood bed frames and other wood products to sell.
We headed back inside to the breakfast that he knew would be ready by now. As we took off our coats, my eyes were drawn to Tina, who, by this time, had put on an apron, only an apron. It was a good thing as she had just finished cooking some fresh cut bacon and was cracking a few eggs into the bacon fat. I enjoyed every minute of watching Tina go about her daily chores. The apron did a good job of protecting her from any grease splatter while offering us a full view of her full round butt cheeks and an ample amount of side boob. I fully believe that she knew what she was doing, at least doing to me, dressing like this. As Mike and I began to eat, she walked past Mike and picked up a few things on the floor, exposing her glistening wet spot that was still quite moist. My erection quickly returned, though it was still a bit sore from the workout, but I did not mine the soreness. After breakfast, she removed her apron, and began to clean up the dishes in all her naked glory. Even with another sore erection, my thoughts returned to learning how I was going to get off this mountain and back to my car because, I still had a long drive ahead in order to be back to work on time for tomorrow.
Mike and I talked for a bit and he shared enough information, that I had a fair idea what part of the mountain I was on. However, Mike explained that this was the first snow of the season, and it was a heavy wet snow. It was going to be a rough hard walk down to my vehicle. Because I got turned around in the previous day's snow event, I now had a longer walk to the car than I did before I left the trout lake. He further explained that this deep snow would be mostly gone by tomorrow and it made sense to spend one more day with them. I agreed even though it meant that I was going to miss a day of work and I had no way of notifying my boss of the delay, as my phone was back at the car, serving no purpose with me as there was no signal deep in the woods.
After breakfast, Mike invited me to join him outside, so we put on our coats and headed out. He wanted to show me the woodwork that he does. I must say that I took my time putting on my coat, letting my eyes soak in all of the beauty of his naked wife. She still only looked at me for the briefest of moments, which made me wonder if she was shy or if something else was going on? I tried to coax a few words out of Tina. "Thank you for the wonderful breakfast. You really are a great cook!" But she only responded with a small head nod as if to say 'you're welcome.'
Mike has a second small cabin for his craft, a barn really, much rougher than the one that they lived in. We spent the whole day in his workshop. He showed me a few things and put me to work preparing the rough cuts for his handy work. He explained how he had learned this work from an old man that had passed away a few years earlier, who taught him may things including his mottos that he lived by. This old man was a perfectionist who had very high expectations about his work and what he expected from others. He gave me a crash course in learning his trade and corrected me many times as I stumbled to learn his skill.
As I began to improve at the work, I struggled to fill the silence that he seemed to enjoy so much. I mentioned that the last time, that I had this detailed instruction was from my college girlfriend. I continued to explain that as most boys go, we do not know our way around the female body. I fully jumped into a nervous ramble, to the point that I did not stop speaking except to acknowledge when he correct my wood working duties. I explained how I thought that I knew everything about sex, but I was quite ignorant to what makes a woman enjoy the sexual experience. I explained how my girlfriend, on our second sexual encounter, turned into a confident primary school teacher, without the yard stick, and began to coach me how I should touch her, kiss her and how I was to take my time to caress her whole body and not just go for her breasts and vagina. I quickly fell into my role a student and learned how to pleasure her in the way that was the most intense for her.
I continued to ramble on about my sexual training experience as I was a dumb selfish guy in the sack and I did not even know it. I appreciated what she did for me, even though things did not work out for a long lasting relationship. I shared that my previous girlfriends must have been too timid or embarrassed to explain to me that I was a bad lover. Mike was not a talkative guy, and I just hated the silence, so I just continue to ramble on all afternoon about learning how to please women, including later learning that what worked for one girl was not always the same for another. One girlfriend loved to kiss for a long time to warm up to sex, while others wanting me to quickly move on from kissing and preferred a lot of breasts play. I always did enjoy a lot of breast play.
I continued my ramble speaking about anal play, that my teaching girlfriend loved anal play, a lot more than I did, but I still did it to please her. Throughout the day, he would interrupt me to correct me on how I was working the wood. He was very commanding, yet not abusive. I kept thinking about his beautiful wife just a few yards away, but we stayed in his workroom until evening, with only a small break for some natural cured beef jerky. At least I thought it was beef? We emerged from his barn, and to my amazement, he was correct, that much of the snow had melted away. We each gathered a load of split wood and returned to the cabin.
I was turkey necking around Mike as we entered the cabin. I could not wait to see what Tina was wearing. I was very pleased to see that she was wearing only the apron, so there was plenty of her naked body to see. She was preparing fried chicken for dinner and boy was she a good cook. I cleared our dinner plates from the table after dinner and washed the dishes in the small pan, being very careful not to get my sleeping bag wet tonight. They both kept busy as well after dinner and Tina continued to bring over more dishes and she made a point to caress, rub or lightly touch me with every trip. I was enjoying every minute of it. I did not want to assume liberties with his wife on the second night, but I was sure hoping for it. She began making regular eye contact with me, which was quite refreshing. This woman, who had yet to share a word with me, was a true excitement to be around and I savored every minute.
It was quite warm in the small cabin and I was surprised at how heavily Mike loaded the wood burning stove with wood for the night. But a short time later, he walked over to me and touched me on the arm. He asked, "So, I have taught you wood working today, it's now your turn at being the teacher. Show me some of those moves, that your girlfriend taught you. Ya know, how to make a girl come."
I was a bit shocked by this, as I was not even sure that he was listening to my rambling throughout the day, his only words were to educate, correct and advise me about the woodworking. Mike rephrased his request, "So tell me the specific details about how to be a better lover to my wife." I began to speak in more specifics, and while I was talking, I was glancing over at Tina from time to time. She was putting the finishing touches on some light cleaning of the cabin. As I was speaking to Mike, I observed Tina walk over to the bed, take off her apron and lay down on the bed with her arms at her side, sharing the great beauty that was her slightly plump and very curvy body.
Did Mike speak to her in advance about this topic? Does she always sleep naked? How is it that she is so comfortable with her naked body? I wish more women were this comfortable with being naked! My mind was racing with thoughts of this full figured, beautiful woman. Mike interrupted my thoughts and said, "This does not work. You are going to need to show me." He said as he motioned to his wife. I walked over to Tina and I could see that she was welcoming me to the bounty that was her body. I began to caress her hair, neck and shoulders, when Mike stopped me again. "You are not going to do it this way, get ready." I did not understand these words. "You wear gloves to do the rough work with wood, so what do you wear for this task?" he asked. I finally got what he was asking. So, I started to disrobe, to which he added, "Right!" He followed my lead and disrobed as well. My anticipation swelled as this evening had the potential to be better than how the day had started out.
I began to caress her again and then suggested that he try it, but he advised that he was going to watch and observe everything. My instructions were to narrate everything that I was doing, and that he would not take any actions until we were both done. I was quite aroused as I began to explain what I was doing and the 'why' with every step. There was even a time that my speaking became too lengthy and my erection softened. But I just looked back at this beautiful curvy body that was my toy and my erection returned harder than ever. I explained to Mike that men are like a light switch that's easily turned on with the lightest touch, but that women are more like a large pots of water that have to be warmed and caressed by the flame for quite some time before reaching a full boil.
At this time, I asked Tina to tell me when she enjoyed the caress and touch as I was doing it, to let us know what sensation she enjoyed. I quickly changed my request by asking her to offer a small moan or sound to express her enjoyment. This action was more within her character and she quickly responded with the smallest of moans at my touch. I moved on to massaging her breast, which I was looking forward to, as I always have been a breast man. I work around them with a full hand cupping of each breast and then began a slight pull on her nipples as I rolled them in my finger. She gave a slight moan. At this, I stopped my narration and began to kiss and suckle her nipples. I saw her reach a hand out to offer a loving touch to Mike who was sitting on the bed quite close to us, so that he could see everything. Her moaning became a bit more intense. I worked my way slowly down her belly with my hands and lips, pausing only slightly to give extra attention to her belly button with my lips.
My hand switched to her thighs, as I lifted one of her legs up in the air and lightly touched her with a full-handed caress of her firm round buttocks. I turned around and began to massage and play with her legs. I swooped in close to her glory spot, but stayed with her inner thighs, as she let out a slight gasp, but I moved further on down her leg. Arriving at her feet, I gave them a full solid massage; I did not hear much out of her, until I began to suck on her big toe. And yes, she liked that. I turned around and parted her legs wide, so that Mike could get a good look. Hell with that, I wanted a good look for myself. I parted her full bush in the middle and commented to Mike that with my lengthy attention that she would already be quite wet and lubricated and that this was very important. And yes, she was wet with excitement.
I inserted a finger into her vagina to the sounds of her pleasure. Gathering up her juices, I began a playful dance around her clitoris. As I continued the play, I explained the importance of lubrication again and detailed the 3 main sources of natural lubrication. Those of course being; significant foreplay which will lead to her own self lubricating juices from her vagina, your own pre-cum, and with that I reached down and applied pressure from the bottom of my shaft stroking to the top and gathered up and large glob of juice that I applied to her clit, and the third being your mouth juices. With this I leaned in and began to tongue her clit, followed by sucking and on to tongue twirls. Her excitement grew. I sat up and inserted two fingers inside her and stroked on her G-spot, I pulled out my fingers and showed Mike how I was pulling my fingers back in to give her the best sensations. I kept this motion up and reached over with my other hand and massage her clit, then down to the edge of her vagina and to my own pre-cum for additional lubrication.
Mike sat there quietly observing all that was happening, saying nothing, but an occasional sound as I shared a point or comment. I knew that he was enjoying the show, because when I looked over, I could see his fully erect penis was throbbing up and down and was dripping wet with his own pre-cum, leaking freely. With these actions, she began to moan more and so I increased my actions with both hands. She let out a much louder moan and soon began to move her hips and enjoy the great release of her orgasm.
Mike said the few words that I had heard from him all night, "Very Nice!" I then offered some general information about positions and shared a few thoughts, but I told him to play around with various positions and see which ones he liked the best. I told him that I would show him one of my favorites. With her lying on her back, I laid down 90 degrees to her, on my side with our genitals near each other. I lifted both of her legs in the air, and lowered the leg closest to me down on my hip and split my other leg between her other leg. I slid my package up nice and close to her pussy. I checked her to make sure that we were both wet and added a little natural lube from her vagina to my shaft. Holding one finger at the entrance of her opening, in grabbed my dick and pulled it close. Her vagina was so velvety smooth, moist and warm, that I was in heaven.
I pushed inside her to hear the loudest moan yet. Her leg slowly settled on my thigh as I began with slow and deliberate thrusting. I thrusted a few times, but a bit harder. I forgot that I was narrating this adventure but just let the actions speak for themselves. This position left me hands free and I reached up and grabbed her breast. I fondled and caressed her nipples, then reached down and circled her clitoris, which was a bit dry by now so, I licked my finger to make it nice and wet and returned to my love making chore. (What chore, it was every bit a pleasure.) I continued my thrusts, but soon I felt her begin to breath heavy, I started to thrust heavier and deeper. There was no narration, just action. She began to moan and sway her hips. I pounded her hard. She came much more intensely than the first time. As she orgasmed, she reached for both of us at the same time, finding my chest and his leg. My thrusting continued deep and hard through her orgasm and continued as I could feel my own juices rumbling. I kept going at this pace and shot my load deep into her hot velvety opening. After a short moment, I rolled over and said nothing else as no real explanation was needed.
Mike needed no invitation and he jumped right in following my guided tour, albeit at a much accelerated pace. I encouraged him to slow his pace and enjoy the event as much as he was giving her pleasure. He was trying and was not as gentle with his touches; however, he was much better at this than I am sure that I was with the woodwork earlier in the day. Tina's moans were audible, but not quite as heartfelt, but she seemed to appreciate the fact that he was trying. When he arrived at her clitoris, I encouraged him to be gentle and make sure that he used lots of lubricant. I also encouraged him to be patient and take his time. He was a studious pupil and was genuinely trying his best, which gave me hope for their long-term relationship.
His fingers began to yield some results as her breathing began to increase, and soon she erupted with another orgasm. Mike said nothing but offered a half-grin, half-smile and quickly moved into the missionary position and slipped his penis into her vagina with masterful experience. He started with slow and deep thrusts and Tina reacted with her own thrusting in a circular motion along with a slightly audible moan. They both began to increase their pace and one could tell that they were greatly appreciating each other's bodies. Tina began to show the first signs of climaxing and Mike began to pick up on these signs. He began to thrust harder and deeper and that adjustment gave Tina the longest and most intense orgasm that she had had all evening long. It was just seconds later that Mike erupted right behind her with tough grimes on his face.
Mike rolled over towards the edge of the bed and Tina snuggled up to him. I lay back down on the bed against the wall and waited for Tina to look back for more sex. By this time I was so ready to go again, but, it was not going to happen. I did understand, as she had just fully satisfied two men. They snuggled into each other to sleep. I pulled the covers over the three of us and I lay down on the bed, although the covers were held a bit upright from my tent pole of an erection, which took a few minutes to slowly go down.
The sun was still yet to breakout that morning and I looked around to see if anyone else was awake, already sporting a 'woody'. I saw Tina gently tugging at her husband. He pushed her arms away and said, "Leave me alone woman, I need to sleep. Take out your passions out on our visiting professor." With this, I got out of bed, crawling down to the foot of the bed, still naked from the night before, with my erection beginning to throb. I walked over and added a few logs to the woodstove, to help cut the chill in the air. I enjoyed the feeling of the hot stove on my genitals as I stood nice and close. Tina followed me out of the bed. I watched her every move off to the side. I gazed at her curvy hips, full free flowing breasts and her soft round buttocks. She walked up behind me and mashed her breasts into my backside and reached her arms around my waist giving me a long full hug. I wrapped my arms around her arms in front of me to return her hug in a small way.
As she released me from her hug, I sat down in the one plush chair they had in the small cabin, near the wood stove. I pulled Tina to my side and then encouraged her to climb on top. She was a very willing participant in my desires. I caressed her milky white hips, up her waist to her shoulders, then down to her breasts. I then repeated and caressed her as she faced me on my lap. She said not a word, but just looked down at my penis, as it would occasionally throb up and down between us. She reached for my chest and I supported her weight only slightly as she gently rubbed my chest. I focused on her breasts for some time and then lifted her hips up in the air and lowered her on top of my penis and supporting her waist while I slowly lowered her all the way down onto my shaft. She squeezed each of my nipples as she began to push herself up and forward, making sure that her clitoris was in full contact with my genital mound.
I grabbed her buttocks and pulled her up and forward reducing the strength that she needed to perform her rhythmic dance. I enjoyed squeezing her cheeks with each pull. She was very deliberate to apply solid clitoris pressure against me as her hair fell around her head hanging down like a chandelier. She thrust her body up and down, again and again as I pulled her to me. I enjoyed the feel of her breasts, as they lightly touched my chest with each thrust. She began to increase her speed as her orgasm approached and then it hit her suddenly, as I could feel her vaginal wall throbbing in fast succession. It was exhilarating. She slowed her pace, but showed no signs of losing her strength. It was only a moment later when she began to throb again. But at the first signs of her orgasm, I filled her crevice with three solid shots of my juices and then a fourth dribble on her next down stroke. Her final orgasm was glorious though not as strong as the earlier one.
We were both spent and with this, she relaxed her chest against mine, which I enjoyed very much. It was only at this time that I glanced over to the sleeping Mike on the bed only a few feet away, and thought how lucky was this man. We lay there like this for several minutes as I could feel our juices fall down into my lap. She gave me a gentle kiss on the lips. She whispered directly into my ears the first words that I could recall her saying during my entire visit. "Thank you." I could not even see her lips move as she spoke only an inch away from my ear. She gave me another gentle kiss on the lips and then got up, standing above me while still on the chair for a brief moment as I gazed at all of the glory of her nakedness. She stepped off of the chair, walked back over to the bed and lifted the covers off of her naked husband and slid under the covers then snuggled into his backside. I watched for a moment as she drifted off to sleep, sitting in the chair enjoying the heat from the wood burning stove. I quietly dressed and wrote a short note; "You have both been so wonderful. This snow event has given me the best memories of my life, but I must return to my career. Love Thomas!" I added my cell number and quietly walked out the door.
The sun was just coming up when I quietly exited the cabin. I walked down the small trail to the road and just as Mike had indicated, the snow was mostly melted. As I followed the road, it dawned on me that there were no phone lines up here and they had no cell phone, as what would be the point on these remote mountains. This is why my phone was back at the car. The second half of my long hike down the mountain was a bit more challenging as my erection had returned from my mind drifting back to the glorious naked body of my Tina (Ok, Mike's Tina) and her beautiful silent way.
It was late and I was tired when I finally reached my car for the long drive home. Once I traveled a bit away from these mountains, I made a quick call to my boss to apologize for missing work by being stranded in the snow storm. I failed to mention the full story behind this adventure.
++++++
The next spring, I borrowed a buddy's four-wheel drive vehicle and drove back up to the cabin but it was abandoned. At that moment, I realized that there was little chance of ever seeing either of them again as I did not even know their last name. The only thing left inside the cabin was one of his beautiful handmade wood bed frames. As I marveled at his craftsmanship, I noticed that he had signed the footboard, 'M. Stevenson'.
Perhaps I will try my hand at some woodworking?
A story by Jay Namelorb.
Edited by Slipperwhenwet.
Consider reading other stories by Jay Namelorb:
1. Snows of Trout Lake
2. He Never Remembers
3. Retirement Village Visit
4. Drive Time
5. Iron Man Trist
6. College Roommates
7. Sexual Roulette
8. The Gift
9. Marketing Plan, Sex Sells