"Whooo," Darius said, as Mary released his rapidly growing cock. "If you kept touching me any longer, we were about to have a problem."
"Not a problem she couldn't handle" Amy said while winking at Mary.
Jeff noticed Mary turn bright red and smile at Darius in response to the remark.
Amy continued, "And Darius doesn't seem to be the only one turned on" as she looked at Jeff's fully erect 5.5" penis and locked eyes with him with a smile while softly biting her lower lip.
Despite her boyfriend' massive cock, Jeff couldn't help but feel Amy was hitting on him.
Amy crawled over to Mary's towel with her tits swaying beneath her and began whispering in Mary's ear. She pointed her ass towards Jeff and her pouty pussy lips were on display. Despite the secretive nature of their conversation, both men enjoyed the view of two beautiful nude women talking and snickering together like schoolgirls. Mary grew quiet and nodded while Amy continued whispering. Amy finished and left Mary's ear.
Mary turned to the men, "I think we need to reapply sunscreen, don't ya think?" Mary said.
"That's a good idea, honey," Jeff said as he reached for the sunscreen in the bag to lather her up.
"Wellll, I was thinking Darius could get my back," she said, the blood rushing to her face, awaiting Jeff's reaction.
Jeff paused momentarily. "My prim and proper wife wants a large muscular black man to rub sunscreen on her petite pale white body," Jeff thought to himself.
"Umm yeah, that sounds good... I guess" Jeff said with slight reluctance in his voice.
"Jeff, don't forget about me. If Darius is preoccupied then I'll need a hand," Amy said invitingly.
"Don't have to tell me twice" Jeff said with a smile as he made his way over to Amy with the sunscreen.
"You can start with my front actually" Amy said as she rested on her elbows showing off her full tits to Jeff.
Jeff couldn't wait to get his hands on her perky breasts. He warmed the sunscreen in his hand and applied it to her titties. Her nipples were hard and he made and every effort to pinch them as he slowly massaged the sunscreen into her chest.
Jeff couldn't believe he was getting to put his hands on Amy's hot young body. Her breasts were easily a D cup by Jeff's assessment. She had quarter sized areolas and eraser thick nipples. The thought of what Mary might think of him massaging her breasts didn't cross his mind as he was so transfixed on Amy's body.
As he worked the sunscreen lower, Amy parted her legs revealing her smoothly shaven pussy. Her labia was significantly more pronounced than Mary's and Jeff had the urge to lick it. At this point his cock is back to fully erect and oozing pre-cum at the sight of the beautiful woman before him.
Jeff had a thumb on her clit when her heard a soft guttural moan.
"Mmmhhmmm."
It was Darius...
Jeff snapped out of his trance and looked over his shoulder expecting to see Darius rubbing sunscreen on Mary's backside.
What he saw was not at all what he was expecting. Darius was beside her on his knees. Mary was in a pseudo sit up position resting on one hand and stroking Darius' big black cock with her other. Meanwhile, Darius was cupping her pussy and pinching one of Mary's small nipples.
Jeff couldn't believe how long each stroke was from the base of Darius' shaft to the bulbous head of his cock. Jeff guessed Mary could easily fit three fist lengths on his cock. Meanwhile, Jeff's cock wasn't long enough for just two.
Jeff realized he had forgotten about Amy and looked at her. She was also staring at the erotic sight and gave her breast a tug. Realizing she wasn't disappointed by his abrupt halt to the massage he looked back to his wife.
Copious amounts of precum were oozing from Darius' cock. To Jeff's shock, Mary leaned her head towards his monstrous cock and gave the underside of his shaft a long lick, lapping up much of the precum.
Darius, recognizing how the situation was developing said, "I think we should move somewhere a little more... private."
Without saying a word, Darius and Mary rose to their feet, grabbed their towels, and began walking toward the sand dunes; her eyes locked on him the entire time.
Jeff, realizing how out of character it was for Mary, expected her look at him to "check in" .... but it never came.
Jeff's stomach sank at the sight of Mary's voluptuous ass swaying as he she walked away with Darius, hand in hand.... But his raging boner remained.
He felt a touch on his shoulder.
"Don't worry" Amy said, reassuringly to Jeff. "He knows how to take care of her."
"I don't know what to feel," said Jeff. "I feel like I should be angry and jealous, but I'm not."
"That's because you know, deep down, you want Mary to be pleasured and Darius has... skills you don't possess. You just love her so much you want her to experience true sexual satisfaction."
"I mean, she doesn't cum from penetration and even clitoral can be an issue. Maybe you're right," Jeff felt better, maybe she could use a different man's "technique" as Amy called it.
Mary and Darius had now disappeared behind the dunes.
"She we follow them?" Jeff asked.
"Let's give them a few minutes first. You being there might make her nervous, and she needs to be totally relaxed."
"Relaxed for what?" Jeff said confused.
"For Mary to be able open up to take all if him."
Jeff's stomach sank again but he was more turned on than ever before.
"There's no way Mary would... fuck him," he thought to himself.
....
After several minutes of silence Amy rose to her feet and began walking towards the dunes.
"Are you coming or what?" she said, looking back at Jeff as she walked.
Jeff quickly rose to his feet and followed Amy's juicy ass to the dunes. Amy approached the dunes, stopped, and waved Jeff to catch up. As Jeff approached her hiding place behind tall grass at the base of the dunes,
Mary and Darius came into view. It was nothing Jeff had ever expected to see. Mary was licking Darius' cock from balls to tip. She had both hands around his cock, with plenty of length to spare, and was sucking his cock furiously.
The sinking feeling in Jeff's stomach returned at the sight of his wife devouring Darius' enormous cock. His reserved wife was sucking the big dick so ravenously it was as if she was sex starved teenager.
To be fair, she'd never seen a cock this big in her life. Despite Jeff's feeling of inadequacy and jealousy, he remembered what Amy told him. "She deserves to feel good," Jeff thought to himself.
"Don't worry," Amy said as she approached Jeff from behind and lightly touched to his back. Jeff looked to her, speechless, and Amy continued, "He knows his way around women, especially ones that are new to this."
"New to what?" Jeff asked.
"Big cock, silly" Amy replied. "He has a ridiculous talent for getting tight girls to be able take him."
They both returned their gaze to Mary and Darius. Darius had one hand guiding her head bobbing on his cock while the other had a finger slipped into her tight shaved asshole. Jeff could to by her hip gyrations she was enjoying the anal stimulation... as was he.
"Enjoying the show? How about I help you out a little?" Amy said with a smile as she bit her lower lip and allowed her eyes to drift to his rock-hard penis and then back to his eyes.
Jeff, despite his worry and anxiousness, was still erect and aching for a woman's touch. He leant back and rested on his ass and Amy crawled between his cock and began licking his balls as she jerked him off
Darius then lied down and Mary mounted his face leaned over to sixty-nine him. Darius worked between Mary's asshole and pussy and her rough groans were heard despite her mouth full of cock.
"He's so good, isn't he?" Amy said in a provocative voice. Mary was no longer sucking his cock but riding his face attempting to bring herself to an orgasm.
Mary's legs began to shake uncontrollably and she groaned.
"oh...oh....ohhh fuuUUuucKKkk."
Mary slowly relaxed and caught her breath. She lived a leg up and got on all fours. "I want you Darius," she said displaying her soaking wet pussy to him. Her pussy was swollen and dripping wet.
"You need what from me....say it" Darius responded sternly.
"I need your big black cock in me", Mary begged.
Her words caused Jeff's cock to erupt over Amy's hands.
Amy whispered in Jeff's ear, "You didn't even make it to the best part."
Darius positioned himself behind Mary and began rubbing the head of his cock against her wet labia. The head of his cock parting her lips as he teased her opening. Mary was so turned on after her orgasm, her pussy looking more swollen like Jeff had ever seen it.
"Jeff, come over here," Darius called out
Jeff, not realizing they had been seen, approached the couple as his cum soaked cock shriveled to its flaccid state.
"Now Mary, tell your husband what you want"
Mary finally looked towards Jeff. Her glazed eyes told Jeff everything he needed to know. She was in sexual ecstasy.
"Mary, we're waiting," Darius said.
"Jeff honey, I want Darius to fuck the shit out of me with his big black cock, and I want him to cum in my tight little pussy after he stretches me out."
"That's a good girl, and I know I'm gonna fuck you in places you never knew existed," Darius said as he slipped his first two inches into her.
Her eyes closed as she enjoyed the sensation as the thick cock separated her vaginal walls.
"OOOoooOOOhhHH," Mary looked over her shoulder at Darius. "You're sooooo thick. Please go slowww," Mary cooed as he slowly began pumping the first several inches of his cock into her tight pussy.
Darius returned a smile. With each stroke he added more and more of his massive cock into Mary's tight pussy. It was clear she was ovulating due to the thick white cervical discharge that coated Darius' cock.
Jeff saw Mary grit her teeth and held fistfuls of the beach bkanket as Darius made his way deeper. She looked uncomfortable with her face scrunched as she dealt with the massive cock stretching her married pussy.
"Fuckkkk....Fuckkkk... FuuUUcckkKKK," Mary said which each thrust as Darius made his way deeper and deeper. Darius seemed to bottom out but with almost two whole inches of his cock outside of Mary. But with 8 inches inside her, he was already deeper than Jeff had ever been.
"Now listen to me carefully, Darius said on a commanding voice."When you cum, you're going to take all of me... okay?"
"Oh fuck, Darius, your cock is so big and I'm already so full..... uuhhHhUu, I don't think I can." Mary said she she was getting pounded.
"Listen, you can and you will. Tell her Jeff" Darius said glancing over to him.
Jeff, not knowing how to respond, said, "Baby, you can do it, you just have to relax."
"You have no idea Jeff, his cock is so fucking bigggGGGggg." Mary voice turned into a load groan as Darius grabbed ger by the haor and pulled her closer to him and adding a another inch inside in the process.
Mary's voice went higher.
"Oh GoooOOdd, I'm gonna CuuummmMMM." Mary said, still gritting her teeth with her hair being pulled so she was looking to the sky by Darius with a fistful of her blonde hair.
Jeff began to go nervous that Darius was hurting her as she would wince with every stroke by his oversized cock.
"She's already doing better than I did during my first time with him," Amy said.
"She must be really turned on." Jeff thought to himself. His mond contunued racing,"In order for her to continue allowing him to fuck her like this while being that uncomfortable must mean she really wants it."
After another minute, Jeff noticed Mary's orgasm building, her legs began to shake, her breathing intenisfied, and her face grew more and more flushed. Darius knew too. In one slow stroke Darius' thrust the remainder of his ten inch cock into Mary's pussy, nesting in her posterior fornix. It was obvious to Jeff it was the absolute deepest she'd ever been penetrated.
"What the fuckkkkkk, I don't know what your doing but DON'T STOP," Mary cried. "I've never had a cock feel this good before". Mary turned to look over her shoulder at Darius. It was a look of bliss and confusion. It was clear to Jeff she had no idea a big cock could feel so good.
Suddenly, Mary's voice changed from pain to ectasy, as did her body language.
Depsite being balls deep in Mary, she began slamming her ass against Darius, fully taking his cock in her newly stetched pussy. That sound of their skin slapping intensified as Mary began fucking Darius back.
"FUckkk, I've never been fucked like this before, I can't stop cummming... UUUGGHhhhh," she groaned as another orgasm swept over her.
As her body relaxed, Darius slowly removed his cock, from Mary's pussy. It was covered in her juices and his cock left her pussy gaping open. Jeff felt a sense of relief.
To his surprise, Darius lied down on the towel beside Mary. Mary, still catching her breath, rolled on top of him and immediatley sank her pussy to the base of his cock. Jeff shifted his position to to see Darius' cock pumping in and out of ger as she slowly began to ride his cock.
"I can't let her have all the fun," Amy said as she approached and squatted over Darius face signalling for him to lick her pussy. Jeff stood in amazement as Darius pleasured the two women.
For the next thirty minutes Darius fucked Amy and Mary thoroughly, giving both of the multiple orgasms each. when it fially came time to cum, Darius asked Mary where she wanted it.
"In my pussy, of course," Mary said matter of factly. Darius began thrusting in her harder and launched his seed to the deepest corners of her cervix. After climaxing he slowly pulled out of her. The entire group was spent.The exhausted girls relaxed and chatted with Darius and Jeff until they decided it was time to leave.
Mary immediately fell aslep on the drive home. When she finally awoke she looked at Jeff and said "Honey, my pussy is sooo sore, can you eat me out when we get home?"
"Of, course baby." Jeff said smiling happy he had his wife back.
Walking in the door, Mary dropped her thong bottoms and laid spread eagle on the couch. Jeff immediately began licking her pussy vigorously. She tasted different than normal and she was still very wet despite the drive home.... Jeff pondered this as he flicked the folds of her labia with his tongue. Suddenly a large white globe oozed from her pussy. Jeff had forgotten Darius had cum in her. Jeff now realized what he was tasting was Darius. Afraid to embarass her or make a scene, Jeff licked the large glob of Darius cum and swallowed it. Not as bad as he imagined it to be.
"I love you," Mary said.
"I love you too" replied Jeff.
The end