This story is part of a quartet of stories named: One Summer.
It is not a continuing storyline. They have familiar, common settings, persons or themes but they are not the same. Each story stands on its own. As always, all persons have reached the age of 19 years or more since they were born.
Note to the reader: English is not my first language so it may sometimes read as if you are listening to somebody from a foreign country. But thanks to Tim and Christor99 for editing and proofreading this story and making it more readable!
****
"Have you not noticed that love is silence? It may be while holding the hand of another, or looking lovingly at a child, or taking in the beauty of an evening." [Krishnamurti]
-
There is something soothing about the last two or three hours of sun, on a beach. The temperatures are ideal, the crowd has gone. The colours have become softer, the whole atmosphere has become more relaxed. The families have returned home. Silence is setting in.
The youth, full of their hormones, have departed for the bars. Or were about to leave, like Katia and Marisa, my nieces of twenty and eighteen years old. The daughters of my sister Liz, they were getting ready to hit the bars at the adjacent beach, where the crowd hung out.
I looked at them and saw the similarities to Liz in both, but also the differences. Their Mediterranean features were mostly visible in their faces, coming from their dad. A native from around this area, Michael was a holiday sweetheart of Liz and she had decided to follow him and move over here. After almost twenty-five years of marriage and raising their two wonderful daughters, he had decided to accept a job offer abroad. But that was the result of a widening gap between him and Liz, for many years in the making.
At this moment, Michael had become a distant figure in their lives. The two girls had finished school and went on to attend university. Still living at home with Liz, they lived their own lives and it was solely because of my visit after many years, that they had joined Liz and me to the beach today.
"Ok, mom. We're off." Katia started the exit talks. "We'll be meeting some friends at "Toni's" and I guess we'll stay around there, or the other bars, for the rest of the evening. Or maybe even until later. They have cars so we'll get back home. Ok?"
"Sure, ok. Just be careful and be sure the driver didn't drink too much, when the time comes to head home. You have any idea at what time that might be?" Liz asked, already knowing the answer.
"Yeah. No. I guess it's not going to be early. Most of the gang are leaving next weekend for the holidays, so everyone wants to spend some time together. You know." Marisa answered while tying her top around her chest.
The whole day, I had marvelled myself over these two young and beautiful bodies around us. Physically, they had inherited just the right bits and pieces from Liz. Their height, their slender legs and hips. And very importantly for topless girls, firm and round breasts without any sag whatsoever. Oh, youth!
Where Marisa stood out because of her height and her lighter hair, Katia had breasts many women, or men, would die for. Firm, pear-shaped and crowned with centred, jutting, nipples, she knew what the jewels in her crown were.
But now, all those assets were well covered, in a manner suitable for the cafe's they were going to visit. A small backpack with the essentials, mobile phones in their hands and big sunglasses on top of their heads, they were ready to roll.
"Eh, mom, could you please bring our towels and stuff home? It's not that much and you're with the car anyway. Please?" Marisa asked, having the decency to ask in the first place instead of just walking away and leaving us with all their stuff. The small backpack they took with them was the opposite of all the stuff they had brought out to the beach in the afternoon.
We watched them walk away, to the beginning of the beach where the path started that would bring them to the next beach where all the bars were. This beach, the one we came to, was free of any bars, being the last beach in a series of small beaches. It also meant it was tagged as a clothing optional beach, frequented by some nudists as well as people with minimal swimwear, if one could even call it that. The reason Liz brought us here, she told me, was the atmosphere at this hour, just before sunset.
When the girls were gone, we looked at each other and we let ourselves fall on our backs. Looking at the sky that grew darker, we talked about the girls and past holidays. We remembered our first holiday around here, when she was just a visiting girlfriend of Michael and I was the younger, tag-along brother. I had brought a girlfriend along and the four of us would stay on the coast, hitchhiking from one place to another, sleeping on the beaches. It was then that our love for these special hours at the beach started.
"Remember the time you first went skinny-dipping?" Liz teased. She was four years older and at that time, a twenty-two-year-old was seriously an 'adult' and an experienced person for any eighteen-year-old.
"Sure. I'll never forget. It formed me for the rest of my life." I replied and got a surprised look from Liz.
"Yes. Really. I became so fond of skinny dipping or, for that matter, doing things in the nude, that I have always looked for secluded beaches on holidays. So, depending on the relation I had at that moment in time, it was either great or it was a struggle. You can even argue that, in the end, it cost me some relationships."
"Really?" Liz looked at me and her surprised look got even more expression. "Did you regret it sometimes?"
"Regret? No. It is part of who I became and I got more fun and pleasure out of it then frustrations." I said as I looked around. The beach became more quiet and easy going as the afternoon waned.
Liz had followed my gaze and asked: "Care for a last swim? Skinny dipping again?"
I looked at her. "That's sweet of you, but you really don't have to. Not even for old times' sake," I answered.
"No, that's ok. I do it most of the time too. That's another reason why this beach is one of my favourites. It's so easy here, it doesn't matter if you're clothed or not. Clothing optional in its most relaxed way. You saw that, didn't you."
"Yes, I noticed," I replied. "But as a guest, it's not my position to drop my pants where ever I like. Especially not with the girls attending."
"Well, I think you can give the girls more credit, as they have seen a lot more than we did at their age. And they take it all very maturely."
"What do you mean by that? Take what?" Now it was my turn to be surprised by her answer.
"Well, nudity of course. Even sex sometimes. You know, here, in the summer, with all the tourists or even some locals, you can run into all kinds of behaviour. They've seen it, we've been there with them. I know they acquired a very healthy, live and let live attitude towards sex. Anyway, that's my opinion."
"Ok. I guess you know what you're talking about. You had the same attitude when we were young, I guess."
After some moments of silence, she asked: "You still remember?" And I could feel her hand touching mine.
I turned around to look at her, lying here beside me. "I promised not to forget, didn't I?" was my short reply.
***
More than anything I remembered from discovering sex as a boy, even more than losing my virginity, I remembered that night on that beach. As I told before, the four of us had been camping around. Young and full of hormones, with a new-found girlfriend and boyfriend, sex had been a daily thing. Most of the time within our small tents, but sometimes, at an empty and secluded beach, we had done it outside in the open.
Off course, at first it had been very strange to hear my sister, or her brother from Liz's point of view, having sex. We grew accustomed to it very quickly. We respected each other's privacy but in the end, being so intimate in such close conditions had its effect on both of us. We stopped seeing each other as just the brother or sister we knew for so many years, growing up. We saw each other as individuals, as someone with a physical attraction. Knowing your sister has sex is totally different than seeing your sister having sex. And vice versa, for Liz.
Then one night, after an evening full of beers and dancing, I had crept out of my tent. Naked, I walked to the sea to piss. To my surprise, I found Liz there, sitting at the edge of the water, looking at the moon, far away above the horizon. She too, was nude. I asked her if she was ok and she said she was, she just had to pee. I said I had to pee too and took a few steps into the sea to empty my bladder. I looked over the sea and longed for a dive into the black water.
I turned around and walked towards Liz. I asked her to join me and she did. We swam in the midnight sea, staying close together, playing together. When we walked through knee deep water towards the beach, she stopped me by taking my hand and, turning around, faced the sea and the moon again.
As I stood behind her, she had said to me these days had been the most wonderful days of her life. And not only because of Michael but also because of me. She explained how I had become so much more than just a brother. I'd become plain good, attractive company, company that she loved. She told me how she would never forget those days.
She turned around and looked at me, with the light of the moon on her wet hair. She took hold of my hands and asked me if she could give me a kiss to thank me and I remember I just raised my eyebrows.
She kissed me, very soft and sweet. But she also took my dick in her hand, caressing it, warming it from the colder waters, making it grow. I asked her what she was up to and she answered that this is what she had longed for, for a long time. Her desire had only grown stronger every day she had seen us, my girlfriend and me being intimate. I told her that maybe this was not a good idea but she was very sure it was the best idea.
Very quickly my dick was fully erect and standing straight between our bellies. Then she surprised me again by dropping to her knees. The water reached up to her crotch ("You made me so wet, I could have filled the sea," she would joke later). While holding onto my dick and stroking it, she brought her mouth to my balls and licked them, before sucking them into her mouth.
After a few moments, she looked up at me again and told me to look at the moon and the sea and I did. It was light and it was black and silver. I felt my dick being enclosed by warmth and wetness and a tongue and teeth. For a moment, I closed my eyes and then opened them again. Still, the moon was there and the waters reflected the light. And the feeling had not left me.
I looked down and saw my sister moving her head, taking of all me in her mouth. I had received many blowjobs that summer but I knew that this was one I would never, ever forget.
I told her to stop, that I would start to cum very quickly. She looked up to me again and let my dick slip out of her mouth, but immediately took control again with her hand. Stroking along the whole, hard length of my dick, she looked me in my eyes while the spurts of cum flew across her face, into her hair, onto her cheeks and chin. Liz kept on stroking it until it softened and took it into her mouth for a last time. She played with it with her tongue, licked it, sucked it clean and finally kissed it goodbye. She looked up at me once again, before she let herself fall into the water, to swim away from me.
When she returned to the beach, I was waiting there. I embraced her and kissed her softly too. I told her I didn't know why but that I would never forget.
***
So, we go for a last swim?" I asked.
"Sure," she replied and started to pull her arms out of her one-piece swimsuit while seated.
I stood up and looked around for a second time. There were some couples sitting nearby and a bit further on there was a group of people. At the other end of the beach, I could see the people were mostly nude. It was the end of the beach where the sun would last touch the sand. I looked down and saw that Liz had pulled her feet through her suit and had put it in her bag.
I jammed my thumbs under the waist of my shorts and pulled them down. Stepping out of them, I felt the welcome touch of the air around my genitals and bums, always a good moment whenever I was outside. I bent over and put them on my towel. Then I stretched out my arms to Liz and helped her to stand up. She was a head smaller than me when standing. She looked up at me and laughed.
"So, after how many years we're naked together on a beach again?" she asked.
"Twenty-six. I just counted them, right now." I answered.
"Back then you were a skinny boy with lots of hair. Now, you're not so skinny anymore and you've lost almost all your hair!" she laughed.
She wasn't talking about the curls on my head but about the absence of most of my pubic hair. Shaving my balls and trimming most of the pubic hair short had been a habit of mine for the past ten years of so.
"There's only one answer I can give, I guess," I teased her back. "Same goes for you!"
"Oh no! I have never been skinny!" she objected laughingly and she had a point.
Even twenty-six years ago she wasn't skinny but already had fine firm tits and a firm ass. She had slender hips and legs that were nicely shaped but she hadn't been a skinny girl. Her figure had remained the same until now, I saw with pleasure. Off course, her belly had grown to an adult size and her tits, while still firm, showed a good amount of sag. But that perfectly suited her age. And now, standing naked in front of me, it became clear to me that she was completely smooth between her legs, which was a pleasure to notice.
"Come on, let's go to the other end of the beach and swim in the sun as long as it lasts," she suggested and took my hand as she started to walk.
Walking next to her, I looked down and wondered why we had lost contact for so many years. I had always admired her no-nonsense approach to live, combined with an "anything-goes" attitude. She had always been open for things she didn't know or had never experienced. She had liked my playfulness and non-conformist attitude towards almost everything. But somehow, the distance between the places we lived became too great and it led to having a normal, more superficial relation. It had not always been so and I realized I'd missed what we'd had.
She looked up, as if she felt I was looking at her and she touched my forearm with her forehead.
"Good to have you around, again. It's been much too long."
"Just what I was thinking," I replied and squeezed her hand.
We had arrived near the end of the beach and we saw that all the people sitting or lying here were completely nude. Suddenly I noticed some men were sporting an erection or that some hands had disappeared between the legs of their partners.
Liz pulled me into the water and I ran with her until the water became deeper and we dived into the clear, warm Mediterranean waves. Even now, at the end of the day, I could clearly see the swirly patterns in the sand on the bottom of the sea. I was happy again.
Happy, as I always had been when diving into this sea. I dove again and again and looked around for Liz. I saw her swimming at the surface. I swam behind her and grabbed her leg. I thought I could hear her scream under water.
Surfacing, I saw the scintillation of revenge in her eyes so I quickly swam away. For some minutes, I swam further out to sea. I looked back at the marvellous scenery of the beaches and the hills behind them. Then I swam back to the beach. I didn't see where Liz was so the moment I stopped swimming where I could stand up, I looked around for her.
Too late! I felt two hands pulling my ankles and legs back and I fell flat-faced into the water. The moment I resurfaced again, she was all over me. In the water fight that followed, all our arms, legs, heads and bodies were all over the place and we had touched each other everywhere. Then a truce was declared and we stood smiling at each other in a close embrace. Her sleek, wet hair was straight to the back, which fully exposed her face and she radiated a happiness I hadn't seen since I arrived. The way she smiled, eyes crinkling at the corners, reminded me of who she was, twenty-six years ago.
"That was good!" she laughed out and for a split-second I thought she was going to kiss me.
"What are you laughing about?" I asked her.
"This!" she laughed again and she pushed her soft belly against my crotch. Her belly had become a soft hummock through the years and it fit perfectly in the triangle between my legs and my belly, gently pushing against my dick. With all the recent grabbing, I wasn't aware that my dick had grown and this new contact made it stir and rise again, much to the pleasure of Liz.
"Liz. Have erections become a normal thing at the beach here?" I asked her to distract her attention from mine and she turned around, looking at the beach while still holding on to me.
"Well, yes and no, Tom. During daytime, the unwritten rule is that there are no sexual activities on the beach. If people want that, they should cross the rocks at the end where you will find some secluded small patches of sand. But at the end of the day, when almost everybody else is gone and the people left know who is still around, the attitude becomes more free and liberal. Or maybe libertine is more precise. But still, no open sexual activities. So, that's what you're seeing now."
"But, you told me this is one of your favourite beaches. Also because of this?" I asked, looking at her in a curious way.
"No. Not just because of that, but it is like it is and it doesn't bother me," she replied.
"So, you stay at this part of the beach, sometimes?"
"We did. Before the girls. And this last year when I came here with friends," she explained while we walked through knee deep water towards the beach.
"Somebody is waving at you," I told her and she looked across the beach. Suddenly Liz acknowledged and waved back to a small group of two women and a man.
When we got out of the water, one woman came walking towards us and beamed a big, lovely smile from underneath her beautiful black curly hair. She opened her arms towards Liz and gave her a close, intimate hug. When they separated, she smiled at me and offered her hand.
"Laura, this is Thomas. Or Tom. Tom, this is Laura, my good friend for many, many years now," Liz introduced us.
I smiled back at her and looked into two black eyes that were very alive. She smiled but not only with her mouth as her whole face seemed to be smiling. What really stood out was her broad mouth, her white teeth and her full, luscious lips.
"Hi," I said. "Nice to meet you."
She started talking to her in her own language and I couldn't really follow. She seemed to be younger than me. She stood half a head smaller than Liz and she had a small, well rounded figure. Two still perky breasts with small dark areolas stood high on her frame and the curls of her dark hair fell in wet strings past her shoulders.
She looked at me again, still smiling and reached out to touch my arm.
"I'm so sorry! I see you do not understand our language, do you? It's not nice of us to keep talking like this," she said with a heavy accent. "I will try to speak English but sometimes it is not so good, ok?"
Her touch was all she needed to say and I forgave her every mistake at once. I smiled back again.
"No problem! I'm o.k. with that," I answered her and looked at Liz.
"Laura told me she saw us fighting in the water and that it looked like great fun. She also asked if we would join them, here on the beach. Would you like that?" Liz asked.
"Yeah, sure. I'm fine. And you?"
"They are friends of mine, so off course," Liz replied. Then she started talking to Laura again and then we turned to walk away.
"Nice! See you later!" Laura spoke after me and waved with her hand while turning around and walking away.
I couldn't resist looking and I was rewarded with a cute and well-shaped ass above two well-toned legs, moving beautifully while she walked back to her company through the sand.
"Ok. So, we get our stuff?" I asked while we walked towards our place on the beach. I saw there were not many people left now.
"Let's bring it all it to the car and then we just take some towels with us. That will be easier, I think," Liz suggested and so we did.
We just wrapped a towel around our waists and put everything in the large shopping bags we brought with us. After we put our stuff in the car, we just took another towel with us and started walking to the other end of the beach.
***
The sun was still bathing us when we reached Laura and her friends. Laura introduced us to Marco, her brother, and to Claudia, a mutual friend. Like everybody else around us, they were lying naked on their towels, with Marco in the middle. We just put ours next to them, and formed a loose circle with our legs at our sides or, like Claudia, sitting cross-legged.
I looked at the sea and saw the sun low above the horizon.
The warm colours of the sun painted their skin a golden brown. Claudia had her hair done underneath a bandana and her face was lit up by two slightly lighter coloured eyes. She was blessed with a broad smile full of straight white teeth. Marco, Laura's brother had a remarkable pelt of dark hair, all over his chest but trimmed very short, just like his pubic hair.
The subject of our talks quickly turned towards my experiences on nude beaches and if I was familiar with this kind of beaches. And with this kind, they meant beaches where people would not withhold from being intimate with each other, where touching genitals was not off-limits.
During the time we were talking, Marco would touch his soft dick occasionally, pulling the foreskin or stroking it once or twice. Claudia was sitting cross-legged towards me, her smooth pussy wide open, her fingers playing with her patch of pubic hair above it. Twice or so she would roll a nipple between her fingers.
I saw Laura and Liz exchanging glances and I was sure they were testing me. So, I decided to play along and reclined onto my back While resting on my elbows, I crossed my legs and put both my feet into Liz her lap, touching her belly with the soles of my feet and her breasts with the top of my toes. Both my balls and my dick were forced up and into the open. Liz looked at me and smiled an encouraging smile while taking both my feet in her hands. Laura stretched her legs as well and put her feet against my hips, just in front of my hand. The touch felt like an acceptance, a welcome. I looked at them and she really had beautiful feet. Tanned with long toes and well-kept nails without any polish.
"I'm curious, Tom," Laura said to me. "I'm very curious, how well do you know your sister?" And she went on: "Does it surprise you she comes to a nude beach?"
I smiled at Liz and turned my head towards Laura. "No, it doesn't. I knew that before, from when we were young." And I told her about my first holiday with her and Michael, without the details of course.
"Ok, I see. And can you imagine she can still be naughty, like those people over there?" Laura asked with some laughter and she nodded her head towards a couple a little bit further.
Liz and I turned our heads and we saw a couple lying on their backs, with her head on his belly. From our point of view, it was clear that she was stroking his hard-on which was lying flat on his stomach.
Liz turned a bit red and stuttered: "Laura, please?"
But I also saw a naughty twinkle in Liz her eyes and I answered Laura: "Well, I can imagine she can. She would be good at it, too, I think."
I smiled at Liz and saw that Claudia had let her head fall on Marco's stomach and held his balls in her hands, squeezing them gently while looking at me.
"And I guess you're good at it too!" I joked towards Claudia.
"But not so good as your sister!" she joked back.
Marco had put his arm around her side and was kneading her breast.
"Are you shy, in front of your sister?" Marco asked suddenly.
I was a bit surprised so I didn't really know what to answer. In fact, I wasn't. But in front of these three, strange friends of her, I was.
So, all I could come up with was: "Aren't you, in front of your sister?"
"No, why should I?" was his short reply and he smiled at Laura.
She smiled back and reached out to him with her head. He moved towards her and they kissed. It was not a long kiss but a serious one. Not just a small peck on the lips but a serious, lustful, deep kiss.
"Why should we?" asked Laura. "We're not ashamed with each other. We do what we want. We show what we lust for." She opened her legs and, right in front of me, she stroked two fingers slowly through her slit, before resting on her elbows again.
Now Laura laughed friendly at me and without any hint of teasing, she said: "And we can see you're not afraid to show your excitement. That's marvellous!"
I looked down and saw my dick in a glorious exposure, lying hard on my stomach and thick with all the blood that couldn't escape, even if it wanted to. I pulled one leg from Liz's grasp and put it upright, opening my legs so my balls could fall in between them. Behind my straight erection, I saw Liz's breasts had become swollen and tighter, or so it seemed, with her nipples more visible than before. She looked at my crotch with an expression that suggested a renewed interest. From the corner of my eyes I saw that Claudia was being fingered from behind and that she held the tip of his cock close to her mouth. Nibbling on it, slowly licking it.
Suddenly Claudia raised herself from Marco's lap and seated herself of her feet and knees, facing us. Her breasts fell beautifully free in the air below her body, when she bent forward on her hands.
"You know what's going on around the corner, past the low rocks over there?" she asked me while looking straight at me.
"Liz told me. If you want to go any further than just touching, you go there," was my reply.
"Want to have a look?" she smiled but her attitude was more predatory than that of a lover. Hungry.
I smiled back at her: "Thanks, but no thanks. Wouldn't it be strange, just to go there and watch? Would you do that?"
"No. I wouldn't go there just to watch...!" was her coy answer and we all laughed, right out loud.
"So, then, what was your proposal?" Liz asked while reaching out to her and touching her cheek.
She rose upright again, placing her hands on her hips. "Well, to be honest, Marco made me so wet. I can use something more... And when I look at your brother, he looks so promising!"
She laughed again and it was a very charming and even innocent way of telling us what was on her mind. If I was surprised by her offer, I was blasted away by Liz's reaction. She put her foot next to me in the sand and rose to her knees. Moving towards Claudia, she reached out to her and put her hand in between Claudia's legs.
With her face inches away from Claudia, she looked her straight in the eyes and said: "I know you need more than just that. Even if it looks so promising..."
"Whooh! Whooh!" Laura and Marco whistled out loud!
Laura let herself fall in front of Marco, laid across his thighs, laughingly resting her head on her hand and elbow, watching the spectacle Liz offered when she went on kissing Claudia full on the mouth. We could see how their mouths opened approaching each other's lips and how their tongues danced to a slow beat.
Was this Liz? Was this the mother of Katia and Maria who were having drinks at a bar, just at the next beach? Who was the woman who told them to behave? Was this my sister? Laura was right. How well did I know my sister?
I looked at Laura and smiled: "You were right Laura. How well do I know my sister? Maybe I should ask all of you? How well do you know my sister?"
Marco and Laura erupted again with laughter. "You are good! You are right!" they laughed and Laura looked up to me, while Liz and Claudia stopped kissing.
"Are you man enough to handle it?" Laura smiled to me.
"And are you "brother" enough to accept it? Marco said to me, quite seriously.
I looked at him and answered in earnest: "With regards to Liz, I accept everything. She is, and always will be, my loving sister!"
Marco looked at Liz and she just smiled and shrugged her shoulders. "It's ok," she said.
Looking at me, he said: "Ok, if you want it like that, ok. Then I tell you. She's a wonderful woman. And she's a good fuck. As good as anybody!" And he blew a kiss to Liz.
Laura laughed and added: "Same goes for me. She is a good fuck! And my best friend..." She reached out to Liz and Liz grabbed her hand.
"She's a good friend of me," Claudia looked at me. "And the best fuck!" And she put her arm around Liz and hugged her close.
Liz looked at me and appeared to be a bit shy, with all the directness and appreciation she received from her friends. Once again, she just shrugged her shoulders.
"Live and let live attitude, hey?" I smiled at her. She nodded and sat back with her bum on her towel.
She kept looking at me, as if she was trying to come to a conclusion, and she did.
"You may kiss me, if you want," she simply said and looked down at my body.
I looked at her and raised myself, until my chest touched her shoulder. She turned her face up to me and raised her eyes to meet mine.
We both reached out to each other and kissed.
We kissed and all I felt was her longing for a love that transcended all the years that she had felt inside her body.
We kissed and I felt like coming home.
When I felt her lips leave mine, I knew I couldn't lose this feeling.
All the excitement that had grown in my body, from the acts so close to me, had turned into this feeling, this feeling of total immersion into us right there, who we were, who we had become.
And we had become these two persons, a sister and a brother, sitting here on this beach in the evening sunlight, kissing each other.
I became aware of another feeling and I looked down. I saw my dick, standing right up, bigger and harder than I could remember I had ever felt it. I barely dared to touch it.
But I didn't have to. From behind me I saw a slender, tanned hand grab my dick at the base, closing all her fingers around me. It was Laura clenching it in her fist. I felt her nipples touching my back; her hand holding my shoulder. I felt her breath and her kisses on the back of my neck.
I looked at Liz and she was glowing with excitement, that same positive, sexual energy that I had seen earlier in Claudia. Like Laura had crept up to me, Marco had snuggled up against Claudia and was kneading her breasts while kissing her back.
Laura fingers were playing with my dick. With just three fingers, she pulled the skin all the way back, exposing my big, shiny wine-red head. I looked at Liz and saw her absorbed by the sight of it. I wondered if she was thinking of the last time she was eye-to-eye with my hard-on, twenty-six years ago?
It was Liz who suggested, while looking me in the eyes, that we should have a swim while the sun was still above the horizon. I smiled at her and closed my eyes. God, did it feel good the way Laura was stroking me! I felt like she could go on forever and that I would never soften.
"Go with her," Laura whispered in my ear and when I opened my eyes I saw Liz standing in front of me, reaching her hands out to me. I grabbed both and she helped me to stand up. Standing straight, we both looked down and saw the other thing that was standing straight up, reaching for the sky. We both had to laugh, it was so incredibly hard and straight.
I looked around quickly and saw some other people looking at us while engaging in some form of intimacy themselves. Laura was standing as well but Claudia and Marco were still seated. From behind, he was still caressing her breast with one hand, the other one had disappeared between her buttocks. With her eyes closed now, Claudia was stroking Marco's cock next to her hips.
We walked towards the sea, hand in hand, the three of us. When the water reached halfway our bodies, we stopped and looked at each other.
"One, two three, dive!" I shouted and with our hands still holding each other we dived head-first into the sea. We let go of each other and I kept swimming underwater for some seconds. Surfacing and diving again, I could feel my dick ploughing through the water and being stimulated by it as well. I could feel it didn't lose anything of its hardness.
I swam back to where the girls were standing and stopped right in front of them. Liz was standing behind Laura, with her arms around her middle, pushing both her breasts upwards, towards me. I stood so close they almost touched me.
Before I looked at her of even said anything, Laura took hold of my dick again, with both her hands this time. Then she looked up at me, as if she was asking for permission. I looked at her and then I looked at Liz.
Liz looked at me and said: "Tom, you can see we all share our love with each other. We share ourselves, or we are being shared sometimes. It may have come as a total surprise to you, but it is up to you now if you want to play along all the way. Either way is fine with me."
She went on: "For me, I would like to share myself with you. Even though you're my brother, I feel we connect on this same level. That we're not afraid and that we enjoy each other, as we enjoy the others.
"And I would like to share you with my friends, with Laura. They are nice. I love them."
I looked at the sun for a moment, an orange circle just above a silver blue sea. Then I looked at the two beautiful faces in front of me. What could I say? I just reached out and kissed Laura. A soft kiss, just brushing our lips against each other, I tasted the salt of the sea and the warmth of her breath.
"I like you, Laura. You're nice and you're so beautiful," I whispered.
Liz smiled at me: "Finally, I can relive what has been a dream for me, for so many years!"
She stepped next to Laura, holding one arm around her while clamping my bum with her other arm. She sank down to one knee and looked at my dick in Laura's hands. Laura let go of my dick with one hand, offering it to Liz who kissed the top.
Then, while Laura held my dick at the base, Liz let her head sunk over my dick and I could feel it gliding along the palate of her mouth. I felt the warmth and roughness of her tongue. I looked down at Laura who just smiled at me, without saying anything. I checked the beach and saw just a few people were still there. Most of them were engaged in some sexual play or another. I saw our towels and there was nobody there anymore. I wondered if Claudia and Marco had gone but, on second thoughts, I figured they'd gone around the rocks.
Then I looked down again and suddenly it hit me that this was something incredible, something unbelievable and that I was the luckiest guy on the planet!
Laura embraced my back, I put my arm around her shoulder and we kissed again. This time our tongues danced through our mouths, our lips pushed and sucked and pulled and caressed the other lips. I felt her soft breasts against the side of my body and took one of them in my hands. Caressing it, playing with her nipple, gently pulling it.
Liz let go of my cock and stood up. Smiling, she said: "I'm so wet, I can fill the sea!"
She remembered!
I took both women in my arms and kissed Liz. I looked down at my wet cock, glistening all over with Liz's saliva.
"I'm the luckiest man in the world, girls," I said, "and the happiest one!"
***
Without any prodding from any of us, we walked through the water to the rocks. Staying in the water up to our middle, we could walk around them and I saw several small strips of sand between various small rock formations. Some were really small, others were a bit longer. But the most notable thing was the amount of people that was occupying the mini beaches. I thought a lot of people had just left the beach for their homes or the bars. But I was wrong for a lot of people. They were here. They were having sex.
The people were all next to each other or may be even having sex with each other on the coincidence of choosing the same stretch of sand. Or maybe they had been looking for each other, having spotted them on the beach during the day. I didn't know but I was really surprised by the amount of people and the absence of space between them. From where we were, in the water, it really looked a like a seal colony that had found its preferred beach. Like space, privacy was thing that could not be found. But I guessed that was not something these people were looking for.
I looked at Liz as we walked closer to the beaches. She shrugged her shoulders as if to say, it's just like this. It is what it is.
"You think you have a problem with this?" she asked.
I looked down and saw my dick standing erect as a lamppost. "I guess he doesn't have any problem with this," I joked and she laughed.
"Look, there are Claudia and Marco," Laura said and pointed out to a very small strip of sand between the rocks, not larger than maybe two king-size beds.
I saw Claudia on her knees, being banged by Marco from behind. But her head was buried between another guy's legs and obviously, she was giving him a good blow-job. Next to them a couple was lying in the sand, on their sides. They were clearly watching their neighbours. He was also fucking her from behind, pulling her knee upwards so all of us could see his hard member slowly sliding in and out of her glistening cunt.
But there was no space anymore for the three of us next to them, so we walked on through the water, looking for a place.
"You lead the way," I told Liz and Laura. Laura put her arm around my waist and said something to Liz in her own language. Liz laughed and said something back to her. Then she turned to me: "She said she was afraid you would become scared of so many people."
I smiled at her and said: "As long as you hold my hand, I will not become afraid."
Immediately she replied, more within herself than speaking to us, but Liz translated it nevertheless: "She said she wants to hold more of you than just your hand."
I laughed out loud and pulled Laura closer, kissing her on her head.
We were walking at the edge of the sea, along the largest stretch of sand, which was not more than three parked cars long and the length of two cars deep. I guessed there were around 12 to 16 couples on the beach. Some had brought a towel, some were just lying in the sand. We walked in between a couple and two others to a spot in the back, just below the rocks that were like a high wall at the back of the beach.
There was just enough space for the three of us, with Laura and Liz kneeling on their knees in the sand, leaving room for me between them. On one side, a young couple was lying in the sand, he on his back and she was lying across his belly, gently sucking on his cock.
On the other side, two couples were busy in what appeared to be a energetic foursome. One woman was being licked by another woman, while she herself was licking and sucking a rather long dick with a distinct curve in it. The man who was being sucked was lying in a sixty-nine-position next to her, looking at the way the other woman was eating her friend out. Seated on her knees, she was slowly fucked from behind by the fourth member of their company.
Suddenly I realized that the levels of noise were very low, considering all the couples around us having sex in one way or another. But I only heard a grunt or a couple of moans once in a while
But, despite the relative silence, the whole atmosphere was electric. It was like waiting with hundreds of people for the starting gun of a marathon race. It was like a soccer stadium where everybody was watching the decisive penalty being taken. It was like a collective foreplay. All the sexual energy was transmitted through the airwaves and I felt raised to a more intense level of sexuality.
***
I, for one, could feel my heart beating in my throat the moment I sat down between Laura and Liz, and between our neighbours fucking at an arm's-length distance. As soon as my seat hit the sand, Liz pushed me over so that I fell on my back. She bent over me, kissed me and with her face close to mine, she said: "You heard I am a good fuck," she smiled and continued, "But Laura here is even better, I promise!"
"Liz, please. For now, just let me taste you?" I whispered back. She looked me in the eyes. "I have always wished I had returned you the favour. I fantasized about it, for so many years."
"Fair enough," she smiled and turned around into a sixty-nine. She stepped across my head with one leg and for the first time in my life, I was looking at my sister's cunt from mere inches away. I was mesmerized by the beauty of it, by the clean pink sheen, and by the wrinkles in her inner labia, sneaking out between the two full and shaven outer lips. "So this is what my sister's pussy looks like!" crossed my mind.
I got hold of her hips with both my hands and pulled her closer. The smell was as clear as the blue waters of the Med. I pulled her buttocks wider apart and her labia followed, opening her slit and showing her pink inner parts. I saw the small hood at the front.
I slowly licked all the way from her Venus Mont to the back of her slit. I tasted my sister and it was wonderful! After a few tongue swipes, I saw white liquid drops appearing at the entrance of her cunt. I licked at them, tasting them and pushing my tongue inside her, feeling the warm wetness inside her entrance.
While joyously lapping at her cunt, I could feel that Liz and Laura had positioned themselves on opposite sides of my cock. Liz's breasts touched my belly very softly but I was completely aware of them.
One of them was holding my cock upright and someone was cupping my balls and playing with them. They alternated between licking it from the side and sometimes I felt their mouths embracing my cock from both sides. I felt something stirring from the inside of my crotch and I guess some pre-cum erupted from the top. Immediately they both started licking the exposed head of my dick and the level of excitement in my loins grew to a new level.
I looked up, into Liz's pink gash and saw more wetness covering her inner and outer labia. With two fingers, I stroked between her lips and, after wetting them, slowly pushed them inwards. The movement of her hips pushed my fingers even further. I slowly started moving them in and out, all the while keeping them curved to maximise the friction. When I put my lips all over her clit and started sucking, I could feel a tenseness arriving in her body.
Then I just stuck to the three best things to do: sucking her clit out hard, flicking it rapidly with my tongue and moving my fingers all around the inside of her cunt.
The tenseness I'd felt gave way to little shocks that rocked Liz's hips. The shocks passed to make way for a trembling of her whole body. Then she swallowed the whole of my cock in her mouth until the tip hit the back of her throat. This muffled the moans that accompanied her orgasm. An orgasm that took my breath away as she clenched and squeezed both her legs around my head, taking my breath away.
When she rolled to her side and set me free, it didn't mean I was finished eating pussy. Laura was already on her way up, letting her hands roam across my chest and finally kissing me, licking the wetness of Liz from my cheeks and lips.
"I never saw Liz come like this," she told me in between kisses. "You did something good. So very good! Can you do that to me?" she asked. I smiled reassuringly.
I looked to the side and saw the young girl looking at me. With her short blond hair and ice-blue eyes, she was clearly not a local. She was still playing with her friends cock but her attention was on us. He just lay on the sand, his eyes clothed. She smiled as an affirmation that Liz had a good time.
Just then I looked up and saw that Laura was on her way to mount my face. She was sitting with both of her knees beside my ears and took my head in her hands. Then she lowered herself so her pussy was right in front of my face but not yet within reach of my mouth. A second, very different pussy offered itself in such a short time.
Laura's pussy was being spread apart by both her hands and I relished the sight of two small and very light inner labia, in stark contrast with her tanned and thick outer lips. The trimmed triangle of her pubic hair ended just above her clit, now being exposed at the top of her narrow slit. She glided two fingers in her pussy and moved them in and out a few times. Then she pulled them out and brushed them across my lips. I opened my mouth and she offered her fingers for me to lick. I tasted her stickiness and it was a distinctly different taste than Liz's. Much more herbal, much more earthy. I tasted her as she slowly moved both her fingers into my mouth. I looked up and saw Laura looking down, studying my face.
She moved her hips and leaned backwards, shifting her hands on my hips, widening her legs and blatantly offering her pussy to me. I kissed her clit, sending a small shudder through her loins. Then I lapped her cunt all the way from the top to the back of her slit and back, tasting the light-coloured cream that flowed between her soft, flappy lips. Sometimes sticking my tongue into the entrance of her cunt, sometimes sucking hard on her clit, the small, sensitive nub that seemed to grow with every pull from my lips.
I looked at her. She had her eyes closed and I could see her breasts hanging heavily against her chest, her nipples larger than before, between her fingers. My hands were trapped underneath her legs but I wanted to play with her so I pushed against her legs as a sign to make way. Laura raised her hips and bend forward so she ended up sitting on all fours. I looked up, towards her face and saw her looking back at me, in between her pendant breasts. They looked really big from my point of view, hanging freely. Had they grown even bigger?
I felt a cool hand taking hold of my dick and looked through Laura's legs, underneath her crotch. What I saw, shocked me again! Not the fact that Liz had taken hold of my cock, but the young girl's face was just inches away from it.
She had her eyes on Liz. From the corner of my eyes I saw her boyfriend positioning himself behind her, in between her legs. Her small, round shaped ass that was sticking high into the air. The girl closed her blue eyes when he entered her and opened them again, looking straight at me now.
I thought I had seen it all today, all levels of sexiness and excitement. But I was wrong. The look and beauty of this girl's face was really from another dimmension.
Looking at her, seeing this young face so close to my cock, the words of Liz suddenly flashed through my mind: "You know, here, in the summer, with all the tourists, you can run into all kinds of behaviour. They've seen it, we've been there with them. I know they acquired a very healthy, live and let live attitude towards sex."
She had been here, with them? Was this just a matter of speaking, or literally? By now, I couldn't tell anymore what I thought about these possibilities. But the image of Liz and her two girls here, on this beach, brought my excitement to a next level.
Then I felt Laura's pussy squeezing down on me again and I was absorbed by the feelings of my dick being swallowed by a warm, wet mouth and my face being smothered by a warm, wet pussy. I tried to concentrate on the pussy, the folds and valleys, the sensitive knob at the front of her slit and her buttocks underneath. I grabbed those full globes with both hands and pulled them apart, exposing her ass to the others below. My hand moved between them and I found her little round anus, slick from her own juices that had flowed down between her butt crack. I pushed against it and I felt her muscles contracting before relaxing. Then I pushed and my finger slipped in without much resistance.
Immediately, Laura pushed her pussy harder against my face and with the whole of my mouth I sealed all her pussy around her clit and sucked it firmly. Then I started to give her the same treatment as Liz, sucking rhythmically and flicking my tongue in high speed across her clit. I tried to find room for my other hand and Laura sensed what I was looking for. She arched her back and without moving her clit from my mouth, offered just enough room for me to shove two fingers in her cunt from behind. A load moan escaped from her mouth and she couldn't control herself anymore. With every breath, a louder moan filled the air until she suddenly started shaking and trembling with her loins, her ass and cunt tightened themselves around my fingers. Laura let herself fall on her arms, muffling her orgasmic cries with her hand.
It took a while before I could pull my fingers from her tightened ass. My face was all wet from the juices she spilled out during her orgasm. Laura turned herself around and started kissing the wetness of my face. Then I felt Liz crawling up my side, her breasts sliding along my stomach and chest until her head was next to mine. Her hand still squeezed my balls whilst the young girl's tongue made long, languid movements on top of my cock, still slowly being fucked from behind.
There was no hurry in all movements whatsoever, it was as if the time of the day made everybody totally relaxed. Maybe I was the only one who had been eager to please and to push Liz and Laura towards an orgasm. I noticed the sky had become a dark blue.
I looked at Liz and she looked at me. "Shhh," she said and smiled.
She tapped the girl's head and she let go of my cock, leaving it hard and all wet in the evening air. She pushed herself up on her arms and smiled at me. I smiled back and for a devilish instant thought that she could have been Katia of Marisa. Again, I wondered if they were a part of this scene here, behind the rocks.
I looked to the other side where the two couples were. I could not see past the buttocks of the woman whose legs were held straight up to the sky. But I could see the veiny piston slowly moving in and out the wet and stretched slit, all white from her own cum that oozed out from the edges of her cunt. And at just an arm's length, I thought I could smell her crotch in all its excitement.
Then Liz rolled herself on top of me, her breasts pressed flat against my chest. Resting on her elbows and forearms, she touted her lips and gave me a small kiss.
Looking in to my eyes, she said softly: "My dream for so many years! From the moment I tasted you in the sea. From the time I saw you make love to your girlfriend, I had this wish: to be the one receiving you cock, your thrusts, your seed, your love."
"Your making my fantasies come true now, you make them come alive," I replied. "Having felt your mouth, I wanted to feel you wholly, to be inside you, to fill you."
She just waited for some moments, to be even more aware of the moment, relishing it. Then I felt her pushing her belly against mine and sliding downwards. The tip of my cock hit her clit by accident and she jerked her hips against mine. She tilted her pelvis a bit and I felt the naked folds of her pussy circling around and opening towards my glans. The anticipation of entering Liz had already stiffened my rod to a strength that was almost painful. Then the tip slid between her folds and I could feel the narrowness of her passage embracing my cock. Slowly she moved further downwards, taking me inside her, pushing it bit-by-bit along the slippery walls of her welcoming vagina. I knew I was but one of many, however right then and there, I felt special. She was special. Something totally different than the Liz of my dreams.
When she had taken all of me inside her, she pushed herself up again while pinning my arms to the side. Looking down at me, smiling from ear to ear as if we were kids and she had managed to wrestle me down, she said: "Surrender!"
"Never!" was my instant reply and I pushed her upwards with all my strength. But she just rode me and as we came back down, my cock slammed deep into her cunt.
"Surrender!" she said once more, with the same result.
"Help me!" she laughed out loud, addressing Laura. And Laura took hold of my hands in the sand, while bending over me from behind my head. Her breasts swayed before my eyes and all I could do was kiss, suck and bite on the nipples offered to me. Then Laura shifted forward and she pushed her wet crotch in my face again, this time in a reverse position.
Suddenly, I could see between the crack of her ass and I grabbed her soft buttocks again, squeezing and kneading. I saw Laura bending towards the young girl and I guessed they started to make out, kissing with their mouths full of each other. Within a minute, I heard the muffled moans of the young girl, in the rhythm of the sound her boyfriend made slapping against her ass, growing louder until she erupted in one, long, continuous orgasmic gasp.
Not finished, Laura turned her attention back again to Liz. She positioned herself straight above me, both her breasts pressing against my stomach. I could feel Liz adjusting her position and leaning more backwards, opening herself to Laura's face and soon I felt Laura licking at the base of my cock and Liz her clit. Liz was hardly moving but I felt the tenseness building up around my dick, getting stronger every second.
I started to suck and lick at Laura's clit in earnest, trying to get her off before Liz would. Me too, for that matter, because Liz's cunt was milking me in a serious way.
As I looked over Laura's ass, I could see Liz her face. She wasn't smiling anymore. Her face was in lust and in agony and then in pleasure. And finally in ecstasy when she started to orgasm.
But Laura beat her to it at the finish line, exploding into my face, grinding my poor features as her cunt gyrated uncontrollably across my mouth, my nose, my lips.
But Liz followed in a grand finale, falling backwards while her hips rocked my dick with such force that I started to cum. I could feel my sperm, from the contraction of my balls, all the long way up my shaft. As an exploding geyser, my cock erupted my cum deep inside Liz's belly. Spurt after spurt my seed entered her body and I could feel the walls of her cunt tightening around me, milking me completely dry.
I took a bite of Laura's luscious pussy and she screamed again.
- -
The sky went a darker blue when Liz crawled up to me and she put her head next to mine on the sand. We turned to each other and kissed. Slow kisses. Kisses for past years on the beach. Kisses for sharing our love.
When Laura had rolled off me, I felt a warm mouth taking my sensitive and still rock hard dick inside it. I looked down and saw the young girl slowly deep-throating me, and sucking all the cum of the shaft that slowly began to soften.
But she didn't stop there. The young, blond girl just went on sucking, licking and kissing until my cock stood straight up again. And still, she didn't stop.
Like evenings that never seem to stop.
Like evenings that go on for a lifetime, until suddenly you notice that the night has come.