Summary: A hot mother spends kinky time with her son in the woods.
Note: Thanks toMasterBlogmanfor editing this story.
***
In the first part, a hot mother seduced her son several times to have sex with him and finally in the night of their camping trip completed her own and his son's desires.
In the second part, the hot mother completely submitted herself and allowed her son to use her all night.
Now...
Mommy Pet Pt. 03: Kinks in the Woods
I looked at her face totally covered with my cum, and, wanting to push my mother's limits, I turned to the door and said, "Come in."
Mom didn't panic or move at all. She just knelt on the bed, tied up with her face coated with cum.
The service girl came in and looked totally stunned to see my mother naked, her face and breasts red from my rough slaps and saliva and cum still dripping off her chin, neck, breasts and stomach.
She recovered quickly, though. I guessed that, working for housekeeping during these events, she had seen pretty much everything. I wondered for a minute if I could add her to our sex party to form a threesome. But after the all-nighter on the first sex night of my life, I was totally tired, so I only said, "Come in. I'm afraid we've left you quite a mess to clean up. Mom, do you want your face cleaned?"
The service girl was shocked all over again when I referred to her as "Mom." Mom kept her face neutral. I couldn't tell whether she was embarrassed to be seen by a total stranger in her current condition, or was just proud to be my naked slave.
I walked to the bed and lay down beside her. The bed badly needed changing but to do that, I would have to untie Mom from the spreader so she could get off it, and I didn't feel like doing that quite yet. I just ordered the service girl, "Are you just going to stand there, or clean up the room so that I can fuck my mommy-slut again?"
Even hearing those blunt words didn't seem to have any effect. The girl just stood there in stunned silence. The Mom turned to face her and said, "Are you okay? If you're feeling uncomfortable, you can come back later."
Hearing that, she finally spoke, "No, yes, no, I mean, I'm okay." She took a rag from her service cart and wiped as much of the cum and saliva off Mom as she could, then started sweeping the room.
I found a relatively clean and dry part of the bed and closed my eyes, thinking that once she finished and left, I would talk to Mom.
***
When I opened my eyes, it was hot and bright. I quickly sat up and saw it was already 11 in the morning. I looked at Mom -- she was lying on the bed, her ankles still taped to the spreader and her legs apart, gently snoring.
Seeing her like that, her curves, breasts, and perfectly shaved pussy on full display, instantly made my dick rock hard again. Somewhat reluctantly, I started untaping her ankles, which made her open her eyes. She turned over so I could untape her wrists, and I lay down beside her again.
She whispered in my ear, "I love you, Son." I smiled, draped the blanket over her and replied, "I love you too, Mom." She snuggled into the blanket and went back to sleep.
Deciding to let her sleep, I went to the bathroom, showered the sweat and cum off my body, put on some clean clothes and went outside to hunt up some lunch.
After lunch, I was playing cricket with my friends and we needed only six runs in two balls, and I was batting. I saw Mom come out of our cabin wearing a floral knee length dress and a pair of black pumps. Her face was washed and her hair tidy; she looked like a different woman from how I had last seen her.
I got distracted seeing my mother. All I wanted to do was run toward her, take her hand and pull her back into the cabin, then strip her naked again and fuck her like a whore. I wanted to slap her face red again, pull her hair, spit on her face, slap her breasts, pussy and most importantly smack that beautiful ass.
"Come on, Shayan, get his wicket and we'll win," I heard Tina yell. She was sitting just outside the boundaries, cheering her boyfriend and his teammates.
Meantime, Mom walked over to the girls and sat down on a vacant chair. She yelled to me, "No Honey, don't let your wicket down, Remember, that wicket belongs to me only and I want you to shove that wicket in my ground and play all day long."
All the boys caught her inuendo and burst into laughter, but ignoring them I made eye contact with Mom with frowny eyes.
She was looking at me only. I moved over and stood beside her. She seductively closed her eyes and gave me a quick flying kiss on the lips. Instantly I felt a big boner in my pants.
Opening her eyes, Mom playfully lifted her dress a little and dropped to the ground. "And that ground is way better and smoother than this grassy one."
Even though she didn't show any of her flesh other than her knees and her legs were crossed, somehow, I felt quite certain she wasn't wearing any panties. Shayan, who was balling from the opposite side of the wicket, dropped the ball from his hand.
Mom looked at him and giggled. I followed her eyes and saw Shayan looking down, clearly uncomfortable, and picking up the ball from the ground. I couldn't stop myself smiling and looked back at Mom when I saw Tina stand up with an angry look on her face and storm off toward her cabin.
Shayan didn't bother to try to manage Tina. Instead, he was looking at Mom with lustful eyes. "Let's finish the game, boys," said Dipak, one of the other friends.
I got ready to face the bowler. I was supercharged, ready to finish off the game quickly, win or lose. All I wanted to do was go to my new-found mommy slut and touch her flesh, play with each contour and use her as my plaything.
In the next moment, Shayan bowled and I hit the ball for a long boundary, a sixer. We won.
"Yay!" I heard Mom yell. She was on her feet, jumping up and down and clapping in delight. Her dress was moving up to her mid thighs but my focus shifted to her huge breasts bouncing inside her dress with her. Clearly, she wasn't wearing a bra either.
I dropped the bat and started toward Mom. She stopped jumping and started to run toward me. Once we were close, she hugged me tightly and our lips met, not caring about the other people. We weren't mom and son at that moment, we were lovers.
Grabbing her ass, I started sucking her tongue and touching it with mine. One of her hands was playing with my hair behind my neck and her other hand was running up and down my back. I squeezed her ass and found out for certain that she wasn't wearing panties under her dress.
I couldn't stop myself. I naughtily ran my hands down to her mid thighs and, slowly touching her flesh underneath her dress, started to move up along with the dress, revealing her skin.
When I was close to her hips, ready to pull her dress all the way up to reveal her naked ass to my friends, Mom broke the kiss and grabbed my hands. "Please, we're in public."
She was still a little drowsy from sleeping in, her heart beating fast and her breasts heaving up and down. Then I realized she had only paused my hands, not allowing them to move any further up but not pushing them away. I thought perhaps she was just giving me a warning but deep down not rejecting my idea of my showing her off naked, seemingly wanting an opinion from me about whether we should go that far. Deciding not to be that open to all, I let her dress fall back to her knees. I could see disappointed looks on my friends' faces.
She held my wrist and started to walk toward the cabin, saying, "Please, let's go inside and fuck right now."
I thought for a few heartbeats. A minute ago, all I had wanted was to go inside and fuck again, but since that kiss, I had started to feel romantic as well as just horny. I guess I had always cherished her but somewhere along the road, my mother-son love for her had started to change, not just to lust, but also to romantic infatuation. I still wanted to fuck some more, but I also wanted to do some of the things that real couples do.
"It's such a nice day. Let's go to the woods instead."
She made her fake angry face and inhaled. Then she turned away from the cabin and started toward the path to the woods. I smiled and started following her.
We walked like a romantic couple for at least fifteen minutes as the woods got thicker and more private. All of a sudden, I asked, "Mom, would you have gotten naked if I had asked you to?"
"What do you mean?"
"I mean right after the game, when I started lifting your dress in front of everyone."
She smiled, released my hand and walked a few steps forward. I watched her waist and ass curves moving. Mom moved her hands up underneath her hair, straightened it and played with it. Then she turned around facing me, moved all her hair to her left shoulder and slowly moved her fingers down to her cleavage, showcasing her erect nipples through the dress. She replied with a devilish smile, "Maybe."
Then she moved her fingers up and put them in her mouth while her other hand slowly lifted up one side of the dress, revealing her upper thighs while sucked her fingers seductively.
"What if I wanted you to be naked right now?"
She didn't say anything. Instead, she took her fingers out of her mouth and, still holding her dress, pulled it slowly up as she twirled, giving me a 360-degree view. One corner of her dress moved up to her waist, and I could see part of her pussy and the line between thighs and waist.
I could feel my dick getting hard. Without further ado, she pulled the other side of the dress up all the way and took it off over her head. Her gorgeous breasts tumbled out and hung for me to admire, and all of her shaved pussy was visible as well, as she stood totally naked for me in the middle of the woods. It was first time I had seen her naked pussy in daylight.
I walked close to her, touched her breasts, and started to feel them. Mom dropped her dress on the ground, grabbed my hand and moved it up to her face. I touched her lips with my thumb and she closed her eyes, put it inside her mouth and started sucking it.
When she stopped, I took out my fingers and I pushed her shoulders to make her drop to her knees. She reached up to grab my thighs and waited for instructions.
"Suck it Mom, I know you want it so bad."
"Umm." She only moaned, and leaning in, licked my dick through my pants.
"Oh God," I groaned as I sensed a weird, satisfied pleasure, and I was not sure how, but my face turned left automatically. As she kept licking my dick over my pant, I opened my eyes and realized Shayan, Dipak, and Tushar were peaking behind a long, thick tree, looking at us open-mouthed. They must have followed us down the path to see if they could get another glimpse of Mom's slutty bits. They were certainly getting more than they bargained for.
"Fuck, they're watching." I pushed my mother's head away from my dick.
"Who?" She didn't bother standing up or trying to cover her nakedness.
"Don't look... on your right... Shyan and two others."
Without caring anything about it, mom chuckled while started rubbing my dick and asked, "Does my master want them to watch his slut giving service?"
Her words turned me on. It was one of my fantasies from porn, having sex in front of some other guy. So, I looked down at Mom and moaned at her touch, "Uh, I don't know."
"You didn't seem to mind showing me off to the girl from hospitality while I was tied up and covered in cum." She looked toward the boys, winked, and started unzipping my pants. Clearly, she wanted them to watch too. She had no issue sucking my cock in public, even in front of my friends who might later know us as mother and son.
I didn't want to stop either and I watched Mom, unzipped my pants the rest of the way and pulled them down. My big boner pooped out, and I looked at the boys and winked like Mom had done.
She slowly licked my shaft. I spread my legs and groaned, "Oh God!"
She giggled and took my dick her mouth. As our eyes connected, she smiled, pulled her mouth back to show off her tongue and slapped herself with my dick. I felt aggressive and moved my hands behind her neck to let her know that I wanted her to suck.
She looked down at my dick and took it all the way inside her mouth. I could feel my tip touching the entrance to her throat. She pushed firmly forward and the rest of my cock slid down her throat until my balls hit her chin.
Mom tucked her hair behind her ears and started taking my dick part way out and then part way in again in a fast fucking motion. Then she grabbed my shaft with both hands and started twisting her grip in opposite directions.
I yanked her hair and made her look at me. I leaned down a little and gathered some spit inside my mouth. Mom closed her eyes and pushed her tongue out with her mouth open, ready to take my spit.
I spat down toward her mouth and it hit it perfectly. She opened her eyes with a satisfied smile and swallowed, showing that she had no shame swallowing her lover's and master's spit.
"Fuck, you dirty bitch." I said and put my dick back in her mouth.
She looked at my friends over by the tree and started sucking again. I wanted more so I pushed her head deep and lifted my leg and touched her pussy with my shoe. She happily dragged her knees aside to make more space and grabbed my waist to help support me.
At that point, I truly understood that my mother would do anything I wanted her to do. I kept her head pushing and kept rubbing her clit with my shoe.
Finally, she tapped my waist to indicate that she was beginning to choke. I let go of her head and lowered my leg. She took out my dick and inhaled deeply. Her mouth was covered with saliva.
Hardly taking a break, she took my dick back inside. This time I grabbed her head with both hands and started fucking roughly. She didn't hesitate, instead she moved her face toward my friends and let me use her face roughly.
Her hair was falling in front of her eyes, but all she did was tuck it back behind her ears. My orgasm began to build and I warned her, "I'm going to cum."
She moved her hands down to her knees and looked up at me. I looked into her eyes, as if they were begging me to fill her mouth. Within thirty seconds I sprayed my cum inside her and released her head. She slowly stopped sucking and took out my dick. Some of the cum spilled down to her hand.
"What the... you couldn't swallow all my cum?"
She immediately moved her hand up to her mouth, licked the leftover cum from her palm, and gave an excuse, "You did cum like a burst fire hose, Master."
"A few drops are on my shoes." I said, lifting my leg a little up, pointing down with my finger.
Without hesitation, she moved back and leaned down. I watched in awe as Mom licked my shoes with her tongue. Then she looked up and smiled, "Is that okay, Master?"
"God, you are the perfect slave mommy-slut"
"That I am." She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and started to stand up.
I looked back toward the tree. My friends were gone, probably to find a place to jerk off. Or maybe they were back at the camp, begging their girls for an emergency blow job. I had a sudden mental image of Tina on her knees in front of Shayan, gagging as he tried to force his cock all the way down her throat the way he'd seen me and Mom do it. I have to admit that I liked the image.
When I looked back at Mom, she had already picked up her dress. I said, "Don't bother, they're gone."
She smiled, "Naughty." She continued to pull the dress back on. "If I didn't wear clothes some of the time, you wouldn't have anything to pull off me, would you? Don't worry, your mommy-slave will be naked for you as soon as we get back to cottage."
"Okay."
"Now, will you zip me up?" She turned her back to me and I saw her two little dimples of Venus, one on each side of her spine just above the start of her asscrack and right where the zipper started. I touched them, and she giggled and turned around, saying "What are you doing?" I imagine it tickled when I touched her back.
I looked at her in the eyes, but still keeping my hand on her asscrack said, "You are so beautiful, Mom." She blushed, her eyes following mine, and said, "Thank you, Honey."
I moved my hands to her ass and said, "Fuck, Mom I wish I could see you naked all time."
She moved one hand up, flicked my nose impishly and said, "Then let's go back to our room. I'll dress up for you and you can take my clothes off again and fuck Mommy however you want."
"No, let's sit by the river for a little while. It's still nice out." I moved my hands up to her zipper pull and started zipping her up.
"As you wish, lover." She pulled up my pants for me and zipped them too. I adjusted my junk in my pants, put an arm around her and started walking slowly. She leaned on my shoulder and we walked toward the river like a couple.
Once we reached it, we sat on the ground by the edge of the river, just under a tree. I took off my shoes and put my legs in the water, but Mom kept hers folded under her.
"Feel the water, Mom," I suggested.
She grinned at me and before bringing her legs forward, she said, "Do you want me to feel the water or do you want to feel Mommy's pussy."
"Yeah, that too," I giggled and pulled her right leg close to me and put it on my lap. As I pulled her leg she wobbled, fell over sideways on the grass and moaned, "Oh."
Without wasting any time, I pulled her dress up to her abdomen and looked at her clean shaved pussy. There was no trace of hair on her pubic mound. Lower down was her simple diamond shaped pussy with curled up labia and her beautiful little puckered asshole. I couldn't resist and touched her pussy lips.
This was so much better than brushing them surreptitiously while she was sleeping. Now, she let me really handle them as a woman's pussy lips are meant to be handled, pulling them open and running my finger and thumb up and down their moist folds. She placed one hand on my shoulder and moaned, "Ummh."
I slowly moved down and touched her vaginal entrance. It felt a little wet too, and I asked playfully, "Fuck, Mom, why are you wet?"
She playfully slapped my cheek and said, "All because of you."
I immediately yanked her hair with my left hand and pulled her back to give her some pain. "Ahh." She moaned as I kept moving my fingers on her pussy lips, playing with them, and then suddenly spat on her face.
As I moved back, she opened her eyes, and biting her lips, looked at me, her boobs pumping and her heartbeat increasing as I asked, "Don't you hate me for spitting on your face, Mom?"
"Hate? Are you mad, Honey? I love when you use my body. Always remember, Son, this body only belongs to you, and you can do whatever you want with it."
"It turns you on, doesn't it?"
"Not exactly, but when you spit on my face, it gives you satisfaction which actually gives me satisfaction to satisfy youuuuh, oh God, yes," she moaned as I shoved a couple of fingers inside her cunt. She squeezed my t-shirt on my shoulder and closed her eyes with a blush.
"I see. So did Dad ever spit on you?" I asked without moving my fingers, just keeping them inside.
She opened her eyes and said, "Your dad did many things that you can't imagine."
"Umhm." Taking out my fingers, I placed them on her mouth and asked, "Like what, Mommy whore?"
She looked at my fingers, and leaning in, sucked them, tasting her own cunt. Taking my fingers out of her mouth, I shoved them back inside her cunt and leaned in to kiss her. She dragged her ass little closer and wrapped her hands around my neck.
"Well, I've already told you that sometimes he'd gag me to smother my screams and beat my ass with a paddle or a belt. Sometimes he'd tie me up in a standing position with a spreader bar between my ankles and shove all sorts of things up my cunt and my asshole, and then bring people by to look at me like that. One time he rented a fucking machine, strapped me into it, put the dildo up my asshole and let it assfuck me for most of an afternoon. And a couple of times your dad pissed in my mouth when all I expected was a load of cum. That was the worst, but I still enjoyed the humiliation."
"And I will make you lick your own piss from the floor."
"Oh my," she gasped, although I wasn't sure this would ever really happen. Then I looked at the sun, which was beginning to set. Mom leaned on my shoulder and said, "I love you, honey."
"I love you too, Mooo-mmy slut." I wanted to say Mom, then changed my mind as we both stared at the river.
After a few minutes, I pulled out my phone and started the video I had taken the night before. We both admired how helpless Mom looked with her hands and feet bound, and watched as I made her suck my feet, then teased her with my dick, fucked holy hell out of her mouth and throat, and finally sprayed her face with cum. I only wished I had started recording earlier so I could watch myself slapping her tits and ass.
"God, Son. You really do good work as a Dom. That was such a night to remember. Are you glad you gave in and invited me along to this camping?"
"Fuck, yes. This has been the best time I've ever had."
I started playing with her pussy lips again, without touching her clit or penetrating inside her hole. She didn't seem to be bothered by the tease or get annoyed, she only moaned from time to time as we watched the sunset.
When it was dark, we got up and headed back to camp.
***
Upon reaching our cottage, we saw my friends sitting near a fire pit in the middle of a courtyard. A few of the girls were dancing and the boys were dinking bear, and one of my friends named Piyush was playing guitar and singing a song.
The fire pit had a grate over it, and pieces of chicken were roasting and making the fire flare as chicken fat dripped. Mom sat down in an open space and tried to get along with everyone. I followed my mom, sat behind her and started clapping along with Piyush's song.
Once, his song ended, Tina tried to be cheeky and competitive. Hoping to demean my mom for her age, she said, "Deepali, auntie, why don't you sing a song for us next?"
Mom never reacted to Tina's childish tone, but just responded modestly, "Oh come on, I can't sing, you guys sing. You sing, pointing at Tushar."
Tina didn't take kindly to Mom's humble tone. She obviously had hoped to embarrass her, but when that failed, she became more direct.
"You fat old cow, Shayan told me what he saw you doing with Arjun out in the woods. And then he came back all hot and bothered and horny and wanted to do the same with me. He just about choked me to death trying to shove his cock down my throat so far it nearly came out my asshole. You should be ashamed to be doing such filthy things and being such a horrible example for my boyfriend."
I tried not to break into a grin as my fantasy turned out to be true. Mom wasn't perturbed. She just said, "It's just that I'm old enough to have had lots of time to practice, Sweetie. You have to find a vegetable, maybe a cucumber, that's about the same size as Shayan's dick, and practice taking it down your throat. Keep at it and eventually you'll be as good a cocksucker as I am, and maybe Shayan won't run out on you for someone better at it."
Everyone was stunned into absolute silence. They were obviously waiting to see how Tina would react to this epic put-down. I suspected that they were also rejoicing that somebody had finally put the little cunt in her place.
Tina sat equally stunned for several heartbeats. Then she burst into tears and ran to her cottage. Shayan ran after her, but I wasn't sure how he was going to fix this one. Mom hadn't had to fuck Shayan to get back at Tina after all. She just had to expose her as sexually incompetent.
Once the crowd had gotten over the shock, they tried to get the evening back on track. "No, no, you have to sing," someone from the group said, and everyone started chanting, "Sing! Sing! Sing! Sing!"
I too wanted to hear Mom as I joined them.
"Okay, okay, but nobody can run away after hearing the song," she said, everyone laughed but Tina, who was still sobbing on the steps of her cottage. To add a little visual stimulation, I took the opportunity to start moving the hem of the dress over her knees slowly.
Mom started singing, "You're the light, you're the night...."
Immediately everyone was stunned to hear Mom with such a sweet voice, and Piyush started playing guitar, keeping up her rhythm. By the time I had moved her dress all the way up to her upper thighs, she realized her dress was up. Everyone looked at her thighs, but kept clapping with the tune.
Mom slapped my hand and shook her head. Even I didn't know Mom was a nice singer, so I decided not to interrupt. I stopped trying to flash her thighs and hugged her tightly, wrapping my arms around her abdomen just under her breasts.
As the song ended, everyone clapped in appreciation. "Thanks, guys," Mom said, "Now Arjun will sing." She pointed at me.
"Huh, who me, no, I can't sing, but I can play an instrument," I said.
"Oh yeah?" some guy asked.
"Of course, but when I play, the songs will only come from her." I pointed my finger at my mother as I again slipped my hand underneath her dress.
Everyone laughed in unison. By this time, I had reached for my mother's pussy, taking advantage of the darkness.
"Let's play truth or dare," someone suggested. I guess they had had enough music.
"Huh, truth or dare?" another one said.
"Oh," Mom moaned as I flicked her clit. Then as everyone looked at her, she added, "Yes, let's play that game." She bit her lips to stop the moan.
"Let's start with you then, Deepali," someone said.
"Uhh, yeah, s-sure." she said, unable to resist the tease. I giggled.
"Are you okay?" someone asked, sitting on the opposite side of the fire pit.
Mom only nodded yes, and someone else asked, "Since you are that bold, tell us what is the color of your bra and panties?"
Mom replied, "I'm not wearing any."
As soon as she finished, I moved my hands up to her breasts and pulled her dress down, showcasing her naked boobs and said, "See."
Mom quickly fixed her dress and turned around with an angry face. I quickly stood up and with a loud laugh started to run towards the cabin.
"You dirty..." She followed me, running back inside. Almost inside, she totally caught me. We both stopped running and started kissing and walked back to the bed. She pushed me onto the bed and climbed on top of me, then leaning in, started kissing more passionately.
I moved my hands, pulled her dress up to her back and squeezed her ass.
Breaking the kiss, she asked, "You enjoyed flashing your mother's boobs?"
"I just wanted to spend more alone time with you, Mom."
"Naughty."
As we snuggled down, Mom said thoughtfully, "I wonder if Shayan's getting any tonight?
"I suspect he's not having half as good a time as we did today. Tina's cunt is probably so tight he couldn't get in if he used a ton of grease and a hammer."
After all the orgasms we'd both had, we had no more energy for sex right then. But I held her pussy, she held my dick, and we both fell asleep together.
To be continued...