Author's note: the seven-part "Trucker" series precedes "Hal and Cody," if you've not already read it.
Hal and Cody sat on opposite sides of the kitchen table. Between them lay Cody's pile of "tip" money from Hank, and Hal's envelope of cash from Blair. Cody was slumped over the table, resting her head in the crook of her arm dejectedly. Hal sat silently, avoiding Cody's gaze.
"So that's the reward from this Hank guy for letting him feel you up," Hal finally said quietly.
"I told you I didn't let him. He put his hand up my skirt without asking. That's sexual assault."
Hal nodded. "Right, sorry, yeah. He crossed a big line. And you weren't wearing any panties underneath your uniform skirt."
"Because I said your Blair buddy made me take off my pantyhose and you asked me not to wear any panties for you under my pantyhose. So yeah, I ended up going bare underneath. And so yeah that tip is my so-called reward money because Hank discovered my secret. And that envelope is your reward money from Blair."
Hal nodded silently. "I'm sorry Princess. I thought it was a fee for finding him good staff. I had no idea he was going to go that far."
"Go that far? If I heard you right, he was talking to you about whoring me out to him back at that motel in Sacramento when I was drunk."
"No, not 'whoring you out,' no. No. I wanted to help you get a job Princess, but no, I swear, not that..."
"You knew this guy wanted me to waitress in my bare feet all along. He told you so."
"Yeah, and I thought you'd totally be okay with it. Because you answered that foot photo guy on Model Mayhem saying you'd take his gig. So, I thought you'd be totally fine with it. I swear I didn't know it would be so crazy as it was."
"What, waitressing in a short, short skirt with no panties? I've gone out in public without panties just for you Hal, but not for some pervert club owner who's surprise-guilting me into it on the spot and then taking photos up my skirt."
"I meant going barefoot, he said nothing about a skirt."
"Really? Really? And I suppose he said nothing about the tiny little crop top with no bra and half my breasts showing? Because it sounds like you had a little deal going there."
"Nothing, I swear." Hal pushed the envelope of money across the table to her. "I'm sorry Princess. I can't keep this money. It should be yours."
"Oh really? So suddenly it's my money now and everything is better? Is it my whore money? Is that my whore money now Hal? Am I your little escort girl now? Are you my big daddy pimp now?"
Hal had never seen Cody so angry. It unnerved him more that she was so quiet when she spoke.
They sat in silence for endless minutes.
"I... I don't know what to say Princess. I fucked up. I took things too far. Let me help you find a normal job. A better job."
Cody didn't say anything for a while. Then she took both bundles of money off the table. "No, it's fine," she said.
"What?"
"I said it's fine. Can you give me a lift tomorrow to the Barefoot Bar and Grill?"
"What?"
"Did I fucking stutter?"
Hal stared at Cody in astonishment. Cody shrugged. "You're right. A normal job wouldn't pay nearly this much."
Cody got up and left the room but paused and looked back over her shoulder. "Oh, and yes, I'll book a gig with that foot photographer guy. It's money too. I said I was going to become a successful model and I damn well will. If this is what it's going to take."
Hal stared at her, his mouth agape. Cody crossed her arms. "Don't play all innocent-who-me. You're the one who got me to wear such short skirts for you so that I could keep getting a ride across the country with you. This is what you wanted. And you're the one who posted the racy pics of me on my Model Mayhem account, not me. You wanted me to be a professional show-off girl cuz you get off to that. Well, you got your wish."
"But... Princess... I thought you didn't mind. And... we... those nights together... that we had...?"
Cody didn't say anything for a moment. Then she looked down at the floor. "It was okay when you were Evil Daddy sometimes. But you've gone from being Evil Daddy to... something different. And now this has happened to me." She choked up and left the room.
Hal sat alone in the kitchen staring numbly at the floor. He had a flashback to the sweet, innocent Cody he first met outside Lincoln, Nebraska. He pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head slowly.
"What have I done," he said.
Cody sat in her room with the door shut and sobbed quietly into her pillow for a long time. Long, choking, lonely sobs. Her tear-streaked face looked up into the small, full-length mirror leaning against the opposite wall.
"This isn't me. This isn't me," she whispered to her reflection. "I'll get back to the real me. I promise."
Cody brushed her tears away and opened her laptop before logging on to her Model Mayhem account. She scrolled through her message inbox, which was stuffed with unread entreaties for photo shoots. She found the thread with "Foot-oh" and typed out a message.
Hey, sorry for taking so long to get back to you. I'm settled in LA now. Did you still want to hire me? - Cody
Cody scrolled through her other unread messages. There were too many. Most looked to be requests for trade shoots. Most of the photographers were hobbyists. Most were remarkably terrible at what they claimed to be good at.
"How do I get discovered and paid," she thought to herself. "Who can help me..."
She was startled to see a response from Foot-oh within ten minutes. She raised an eyebrow and clicked on the response.
Heyyy Cody! Absolutely, I would love to set something up! Are you free this Sunday? We could shoot along the boardwalk at Venice Beach. 9 AM? Let me know if you need a lift there, I can pick you up. Also: can you make sure your feet are in great shape? Pedicured ideally, no polish. By the way, my name is Luke. My number is ... ... ....
Cody replied.
Sure, Sunday 9 AM. I've got a ride, it's alright. And what should I wear?
Luke bounced a reply right back.
I totally love the look you're doing in your photos by Hal the Trucker. Something like that? And do you have any swimwear? A bikini?
Cody realized she had no swimwear at all. And only the tiny skirts Hal had bought her. She wondered if there was time to buy stuff before the weekend. She eyed the stack of cash she had. She put her finger in her mouth, thinking for a moment and then responded.
Yah I have those same outfits, so I can wear one. I don't have any swimwear tho :(
She didn't expect Luke's next response, but she quickly realized it was to her advantage.
That's no problem, Cody. What's your swimwear size? I'll pick up a bikini for you that'll work for the shoot.
"Holy free wardrobe," she thought. "I wonder if it always goes like this."
Size 0, C cup thanks!
***
Hal hadn't slept well that night and so was feeling ragged as he got ready to drive Cody to the BB&G. Hal had also not yet seen Cody in her special hostess outfit and was wholly unprepared for the sight that greeted him. It was the clicking of her clear heels that caused him to reflexively look in her direction as she emerged from her room.
Cody wore her little cut-off t-shirt, her bra-less breasts forming two, round crescents of bare underboob. The Barefoot logo stood out boldly on the right side of her top. Below that was all her bare midriff with exposed navel, and the sensuous curve of her bare back when she turned to get her jacket.
Her tiny, black pleated skirt swished teasingly just below her bum cheeks, her legs so bare and smooth, and her cute feet on display through the clear mules, her toes bared and her soles slapping gently on the mules as she walked.
Hal's mouth dropped open involuntarily. Cody ignored him and checked her hair and makeup in the mirror before slipping on her little jacket. It gave her upper body a little modesty.
"Ready to go?" she asked. Hal nodded mutely.
They rode in uncomfortable silence to the BB&G. Hal couldn't help peeking at Cody's smooth, bare legs in her tiny skirt. Cody stared mostly out the passenger window until they pulled up outside. She shouldered her purse. "Thanks Hal," she said.
"When will I pick you up?" he said.
"I'll text you when I'm getting off shift," she said.
Hal leaned over to try and kiss her cheek, but Cody dodged his kiss and slipped out.
"Cody," said Hal, a note of desperation in his voice.
"Yes?"
"What... what are you wearing under that skirt today?"
Cody could see Hal's face was a mix of fear and jealousy. "One of the white thongs you bought me," she replied evenly. She gave a quick wave and walked briskly to the door, holding down her skirt. Hal's raging hard-on was large enough to hurt, but he also felt a pit in his stomach. Cody had slept in her own bed the previous night instead of joining him.
"I should've said I love her," said Hal out loud, and drove slowly away towards work.
***
Blair's smile as Cody came into the bar was as much from relief as delight. "Hey Cody! Fantastic! So, you're on board?"
"Yes, I'm on board!" she smiled sweetly.
"I'm so happy you came back. Not everyone comes back after the first shift."
Cody laughed politely. "It's a unique job," she said diplomatically.
"Yes, yes, it is, but I'm so pleased to have you here. I have a couple of employment forms in my office for you to sign, if you could pop in now for a second, and then we'll open the house."
"Okies," she said. She could hear Martin and Daniel in the kitchen doing prep.
In Blair's office, Cody signed the paperwork he had on his desk, taking care to sit down to sign, rather than leaning over the desk. Blair beamed over her, doting on her like a proud parent.
"Alright quick uniform check. No bra, perfect. And bare legs today, good girl. What are you wearing under your skirt?"
Cody stuttered and swallowed before recovering herself. "Um... uh... a white thong," she said shyly.
"Okay, not bad," said Blair philosophically, nodding his head. "As long as it isn't bike shorts or granny panties or something, you know what I mean? Like, do you have any G-strings?"
Cody did, but she lost her voice again. "Uh..."
"Orrrrr....." Blair let his voice trail off dramatically and let Cody read between the lines. Then he patted Cody's bum through her skirt. "You got those amazing tips yesterday for a very particular reason my dear, you understand?" He cleared his throat theatrically. "I'll offer you an arrangement. If you're willing to keep doing that, I'll only take five points off the special tips. Just keep that in mind, and keep an open mind, okay?"
Cody hesitated. "Uh, okay, I think. But, um. What if it's... you know... my monthly time?"
It took a moment for Blair to twig in. "Oh! Oh right. Well that's an exception. But my last girl would put in a tampon and cut the string off."
"What," said Cody.
"Never mind," he muttered and waved his hand dismissively. "Never mind. Alright, let's open the house and make money!"
"Blair, will Hank be here again today?"
"I wouldn't be surprised. I think you made him a customer for life yesterday. Don't worry I'll make sure he behaves. But he loved what you did, and he tips big." Blair winked.
Cody blushed deeply and looked away. She quickly got busy setting the tables while Blair turned on the house lights and sound. Martin waved to Cody from the kitchen. Cody waved back.
"She stayed!" Cody heard Martin say excitedly to Daniel. Cody giggled. She knew the two couldn't keep their eyes off her, but she felt they were somehow on her side.
"God she's beautiful," she heard Daniel say.
"She's cute, and she's super hot," replied Martin. "Especially in that tiny skirt and top." The two were oblivious to how far their voices carried with no customers in the house. Cody blushed and smoothed her skirt down reflexively and finished the tables.
Opening time came but there was no traffic for about half an hour. Then a man came in, hesitantly looking around. He looked about mid to late 30s. Cody grabbed a menu as she met him at the front.
"Hi there! Table for one?" she chirped. His eyes widened as he looked her up and down.
"Yes please! Thank you!" he said. "Can I have a booth?"
"Of course!" she said, and he followed her to a booth along the side.
"This is our liquor menu. Can I get you started with something to drink?"
"Guinness please," he said, opening the menu. His eyes travelled down Cody's bare legs to her feet. He made no secret of looking. Cody ignored his eyes and swung away to get Blair for the Guinness. As with yesterday, her little skirt bounced up with the movement, giving a quick wink of her bum cheeks.
"Just grab him the Guinness yourself," called Blair from the servery, where he was organizing cutlery. "Almost zero chance he's an inspector."
Cody shrugged and retrieved a bottle and glass before bringing it back to the man's table.
"I'm Cody, I'm your server for today," she smiled as she poured his glass.
"Thanks, I'm Brad," he said. "And they said you'd be in bare feet." He laughed nervously. Cody froze.
"They?" she said.
"Uh, yeah, in the forum."
"The forum?"
"Yeah, online?"
Cody looked at him quizzically and shook her head. "I don't follow. Which forum?"
Brad shifted uncomfortably. "Uh, well, someone posted about this place and said it had great service and, um, well the waitress goes barefoot."
Cody's stomach did a flip-flop. "Jesus," she thought to herself. "Okay keep calm, keep calm."
She smiled sweetly at Brad, checked left and right, and then drew in her breath. She calmly placed her hands on the table and then drew up her left knee, pointed her toes and let her mule slip off. Then, standing on the toes of her left foot, she drew her right knee up, pointed her toes, and let her right mule slip off.
"Mmm, that feels so much better. I've been running around in these heels all morning and they're killing my feet. I hope you don't mind?"
Brad visibly swallowed. "N-no, miss I don't mind at all!"
"Thank you Brad, it feels much more free. Are you ready to order?"
"Yeah, thanks, I'll have the Monte Cristo with sweet potato fries, please."
"Coming right up!" Cody started to kneel to retrieve her mules.
"Oh, Cody? I mean, Miss?"
Cody looked up. "Mm?"
"Um... would it be okay if... if you left those here?"
Cody's eyes went up and to left.
"Ya uh... yah, sure!" she chirped.
"Were your feet getting kinda hot and... you know, like, stuffy, in those heels this morning?"
"Well... I mean, they're open-toed mules with no backs, but..."
"Maybe the bottoms of your feet get kinda... you know..."
Cody stared at Brad blankly.
"... dewy...?"
"Ohhh," said Cody. She giggled nervously. "Yeah, super dewy, after a long morning. My soles get a l'il sweaty."
Brad swallowed hard. "Oh my God."
"What?"
"Thank you for saying that out loud."
"Oh my gosh. Um. Well, you're welcome, Brad!"
"Is it okay if you could say more things like that?"
"Steady girl, steady," thought Cody to herself. She calmed her breathing and then smiled at Brad. "Of course! Just maybe let me know what things you want me to say, okay?"
Brad covered his mouth and his eyes fluttered. "Oh my God," he said. "You're amazing." Cody giggled nervously and walked back to the servery in her bare feet. She could feel the cool kiss of the tile floor on her now bare soles as she went up on her toes and pinned Brad's bill to the order wheel.
"Order up!" she called. Daniel gave her a salute and a wink. Cody smiled and headed back out. She felt a little more in control of things today. Then she saw two new customers waiting at the front. Two men looking to be in their forties.
"Hey there," she smiled, taking two menus. "For two?" The men stared at the scantily dressed eighteen-year-old in astonishment.
"Yes thanks," said the taller of the two.
"You're in bare feet?" asked the second, his eyes traveling up and down Cody's body.
"Barefoot Bar and Grill!" she said cheerfully.
"Oh. So, kind of like Hooters but Footers," said the taller one. Both chuckled. Cody faked a laugh with them.
"We're better than Hooters," she said over her shoulder as she led them to a table near Brad's. Their eyes were riveted on the back of her skirt.
Cody seated the men and took their drink orders. No sooner had she taken care of that then two more came into the front. This time it was a couple. Blair intercepted them at the front and took them to another section. Cody headed for their table.
"Don't worry I got this table," said Blair. "I promise I have more staffing coming. I'm interviewing another girl today!"
"Business is picking up!" said Cody.
"It better be!" said Blair. Cody noticed that Blair sat the couple in a booth with the woman's back to Cody's section.
Cody headed back with drinks for the two men. As she served them, she was careful to dip her knees rather than lean over the table, both so her little skirt wouldn't pop up in the back, nor her breasts start to come down out of her crop top. Her technique did not go unnoticed.
"It looks kinda tricky to work in that outfit," said the taller man.
Cody smiled shyly and glanced at him but didn't answer. "Are you ready to order gentlemen?" she asked.
"Steak sandwich for me," said the shorter man.
"Clubhouse for me, thanks," said the taller man. Then he added "Do you actually go in bare feet all the time or are your feet just sore?"
Cody smiled shyly again. "Well, I have heels, but I am supposed to kinda go with bare feet the whole time."
"So different," he answered. "But with bare legs and tummy too."
"Yeah, bare stomach, bare legs, n' bare feet," she laughed.
"That's a lot of bare," said the taller man.
"And almost bare boobs too," said the shorter man. Cody blushed.
"I definitely like your skirt," said the taller man.
"Thank you," said Cody and laughed nervously.
"What's your name?"
"Cody."
"How old are you, Cody?"
"That's a secret."
The men laughed.
"Do you have a boyfriend, Cody?"
"That's a secret too. Be right back," she said and escaped to the servery. Her bare soles made a soft sound on the tiles as she arrived.
"Hey Cody, your order's ready," said Martin.
"Thanks Martin!" Cody reached for the dish.
"Psst hey," whispered Martin. "That guy out there? He was playing with your heels or something."
"Huh?"
"Yeah, like I don't know how to describe it. He was running his fingers all over them."
Cody sighed. "Oh gosh," she said quietly. "Okay." Cody checked her outfit, making sure her areolas weren't peeking out from her crop top and that her skirt was riding as low as possible on her waist. Then she took Brad's order out to him.
Brad was happy to have Cody back at his table.
"Thanks Miss," he said as she served him.
"You're welcome, Brad. Are you done with my mules?" She winked.
"Can I have them a little longer please Miss?"
"Alright, that's fine. Anything else I can get you?"
"Um. Can I see your feet, Miss? Like, the bottoms?"
"The bottoms?"
"Yeah, your soles."
"You want to see my bare soles?" Cody raised an eyebrow.
"Oh my God. Yes. Yourbaresoles."
"Alright, Brad. Just for you," she said softly. Cody turned around and went up on her toes, exposing her soles to Brad.
"Oh my God."
"I'm sorry if they're a little dirty from walking in the servery."
"Oh my God."
Cody kicked her right foot up and pointed her toes, making her sole wrinkle.
"Jesus," said Brad.
"I thought you'd like that," she said.
"How did you know?"
"Because I know someone who likes to see that very much."
"Jesus. I love you."
"Aww. Well, let me know if you need anything else. Enjoy your meal!"
"Thank you, Miss!"
Cody saw the two men at the other table staring at her in confusion. She ignored them and turned to head for the servery but noticed Hank waiting at the front. She stopped dead. Hank gave a little wave.
"Oh boy. Here we go. Steady girl," she said to herself. She smiled at Hank as she approached. "Hi Hank! I've got your table for you."
"I'm just so happy to see my beautiful angel," he said, shuffling after her.
"Do you want your usual, Hank?"
"Ay yuh thanks." Hank had his phone out as soon as he was settled and snapped pics of Cody as she filled his water class. Cody smiled gamely but realized too late that a sliver of her right aureole was peeking out from under her little crop top, which had crept up her breasts while she walked. She discreetly tugged it down.
At the table over from Hank's, the two men watched Cody intently, especially Cody's extremely short mini skirt. As she leaned forward to fill Hank's water glass, her skirt hem rose, and a hint of Cody's ass cheeks began to show.
"Jesus," said the taller man.
"Is she or isn't she," said the shorter man.
"She must be, it's a restaurant."
"Yeah, but she's clearly not wearing a bra and she's barefoot. So, anything's possible."
"Christ."
"Wait, that dude's taking her photo. And she's letting him!"
"Well, in the case..." the taller man took out his phone. Cody had turned to head to the servery and saw him aim his phone at her.
"Oh boy here we go," she thought.
"I figured if he could...," said the taller man.
"It's a thing here," Cody laughed wearily. She paused for a moment, put one hand on her waist and lifted her right knee, pointing her toes while smiling and tilting her head to one side.
"Wow it's like the import auto festival in here," said the shorter man.
"It's part of the deal here," explained Cody, jerking her thumb over her shoulder at Hank. "I pose for him, and he tips nice." She gave a little theatrical cough and winked.
"Aaah, I see," said the taller man slyly. He exchanged glances with the shorter man. Cody padded into the servery and pinned up Hank's order on the wheel.
"Order up!" she called, "Hank's."
"Thanks Cody! I have it under way. We saw him come in," laughed Daniel.
Cody headed out to check on Brad's table. She glanced at the couple in the other section who Blair was taking care of. The woman shot back daggers with her eyes at Cody. Cody's stomach flopped and she blushed as she felt flooded with shame.
"Just when I was getting a handle on this," she thought to herself.
Brad was happy to see Cody again, however. "Hello Miss!"
"Hello Brad! Everything good? Anything else I can get you?"
"Can I take your photo too Miss?"
"Of course, Brad!" Cody posed again with her hand on her hip, and her knee lifted a bit.
"I like it when you point your toes like that," he whispered.
Cody glance down at her raised bare foot and pointed her toes harder. "Like that?"
Brad gulped. "Yeah, like that." He snapped her photo and then aimed the camera at her feet. "Are you a dancer?"
"No but I do gymnastics. Well, did gymnastics up until this year."
"Oh really? What did you wear in gymnastics?"
"Well, a leotard."
"Do ever wear a leotard here?"
Cody laughed. "No, why would I? I wear the outfit they give me."
"It would be really hot if you did."
Cody blushed. "Well, I don't know how it would go over if I wore a gymnastics leotard here." She gave him a friendly side eye.
"Would it be okay if I took a couple of photos of you sitting down there?" Brad gestured shyly at the empty seat on the other side of his booth. Cody hesitated, remembering the previous day's ordeal when Blair had her posing on the bar top for everyone.
"Sure, if it's not too long," she said. She sat down and Brad scooted out of his seat to get a better view of Cody. Cody glanced at Blair's table and saw the woman scowling at her. She pretended not to notice. "How to do you want me?"
"Can you cross your legs and point your toes again?"
"Of course." Cody crossed her legs with the audible soft hiss of bare skin brushing again bare skin and tugged her skirt hem down at the sides. Her skirt was so short she could feel the part of her ass cheeks left bare by her thong pressing into the fabric of the seat.
Brad started zooming in on Cody's feet with his camera. "What if you just lifted up your foot?" he asked. Cody lifted her bare legs parallel to the ground and pointed her toes. Brad gasped softly and took a photo. "Oh my God," he breathed. "Can you maybe just quickly kneel on the seat or something and show your soles?"
"Alright," she said, glancing around. She decided kneeling on the seat was a bit much and instead brought a knee up onto the seat while standing and pointed her toes. Cody's upturned soles wrinkled deeply as she pointed her toes.
"Oh my God Miss. Oh my God," whispered Brad as snapped photos.
"They're dirty from the tile floors in the servery," she said apologetically.
"I know, I love it," he said.
"You really like my feet, don't you Brad?" asked Cody softly.
"Oh, Miss you have gorgeous feet, you have no idea!" he said in a shaky whisper. "How old are you?"
"I'm 18."
"Oh my God," he said again. "Miss, they said in the forums you might be willing to do an arrangement."
"What," she said.
"Like... if I left you a gift."
"What kind of arrangement?" she said, her eyes widening. "Where's this forum?"
"Um... like... if maybe I could give you a quick foot massage?"
Cody looked around the restaurant. "Unh..." she said. "Unh..."
"I understand if you can't."
Cody got up from her chair. "Let me think about it. Can I get you anything from the dessert menu?"
Brad looked around. "Yeah, the apple pie and some coffee, thanks."
"Okies!"
Cody headed back to the servery. She glanced at Blair's table. The couple were getting up to leave. The woman seemed to be telling off Blair.
"I am so sorry," he was saying. "I will speak with her immediately."
Cody flicked her eyes back to the front and headed into the servery.
"Your second table's order is ready," said Martin. "And what's that guy doing?"
"Nothing, nothing," laughed Cody. "Just being weird." She turned around and pulled the apple pie out of the servery fridge. Martin watched Cody's little skirt pop up in the rear as she leaned forward. Her bare butt cheeks started showing. Martin clamped a hand over his mouth.
"Jesus," he muttered into his hand.
Cody left the pie out for a minute while she collected the order for the two men and brought it to their table.
"Here you are gentlemen," she said cheerily, dipping her knees carefully as she put the platters down so as not to flash Hank over behind her. She could feel her nipples started to come out of her crop top again and gave it a quick tug to keep as much of her braless breasts covered as possible.
"That guy over there got a full photo session with you?" asked the taller man. "How does this work?"
Cody took a deep breath. "Unh," she said. "Well... uh, some of the regulars leave gifts." Her explanation fell into the middle of the three awkwardly. The men looked at each other and then at Cody.
"So, what, favours? For...?"
"Nice tips," she tittered nervously and shrugged her shoulders.
"Nice tits, did you say?" asked the shorter man, pretending he hadn't heard her. He was looking at Cody's generous bare underboob. Both men laughed. Cody fake laughed with them and tugged her crop top down.
"God what pigs," she thought to herself. Then out loud with another fake laugh, "you heard me!"
"Well then," said the taller man. "We have a bet going between us. I propose the loser pays you."
Cody's eyes widened. "Unh, what's the bet?"
"Well, I think you're wearing underwear under that tiny skirt. My friend here thinks you aren't. Which one of us is right?" asked the taller man.
Cody glanced around the house again. The couple was gone, and Blair was wiping down their table. Brad was watching her feet. Hank was watching her skirt.
Cody took another deep breath. "I'm wearing a thong," she whispered.
The shorter man batted the edge of the table softly. "Damn," he said. The taller man laughed.
"Pay up son," he said.
Cody waved her hand discreetly. "In the tip," she said quietly.
"Okay, well I have a great idea to raise the tip," said the shorter man. "How much if you take your thong off?"
"What," said Cody.
"You heard me. How much if you take off the thong?"
Cody felt faint, and she heard a buzzing in her ears. Her face grew red and warm. The silence was palpable.
"A lot," she finally said quietly.
"Fifty," said the taller man. Cody shook her head. The buzzing in her ears was starting to impair her hearing.
"Seventy-five?"
Cody shook her head.
"Okay one hundred. But you have to do it in front of us and I keep the thong."
Cody hesitated. "Give me a sec." The men shrugged. Cody padded back into the servery where she had seen Blair go a moment before.
"Blair? That couple. Um, am I in trouble?"
Blair laughed heartily. "Hell no, Cody. This place isn't for everybody. You're doing a great job taking care of the customers who do appreciate us."
Cody nodded her head. "Gotcha." She got Brad's pie and coffee.
"Hey Cody, Hank's order is ready!" called Daniel.
"Oh geez, okay, thanks!" She headed back out with Brad's dessert and served him, again dipping her knees.
"Thank you, Miss! Can we still do that thing?"
Cody boldly placed her hand gently on Brad's shoulder. "Give me a few minutes, babe," she said gently, and headed back to the servery. "Did I just really say 'babe'?" she asked herself. She still felt faint. She lifted a finger in a gesture of "one minute" to the two men as she passed their table. They smiled back at her in amusement.
Cody brought out Hank's order and set it down at his table. "Here you are Hank! Anything else I can get you?"
As usual, Hank had his phone out. "Thanks Angel! Just let me..." Hank tried his move from yesterday, sliding his phone under the front of Cody's skirt while his free hand went out to feel her up the back. Cody's hands shot out, lightening quick, and grasped Hank's offending hand.
"Hold on Hank," she said firmly. Then she knelt in front of him, still holding his hand, and looked up at him. "Hank, sweetie, I need you to do something for me, okay? Can you ask me first? I need you to ask me first."
"So, you're okay with it, Angel?"
Cody paused and shut her eyes for a moment.
"I... I just need to know you're coming like that. It might not be a good time."
"When's a good time?"
"I -- I'm not sure but I'll let you know, okay? Is there anything else I can get you?"
Hank grazed Cody's cheeks with his fingers. "You're so beautiful, Angel. So beautiful. I like how you're looking up at me like that."
Cody stood up and patted Hank's shoulder. "Just let me know if you need anything else, Hank," she said. She returned to the two men's table.
"Well?" the shorter man asked. Cody looked around again. She realized she was going to have an audience whether she liked it or not.
"K," she said. She went up on the pads of her toes and dipped her knees as her fingers went up under her skirt and started taking down her thong.
"Wait wait wait," said the tall man fumbling for his phone. The shorter man followed suit. "Slowly, slowly please!"
Cody slowed it down, peeling her thong down, feeling it roll up into a string as he slipped it down her bare thighs. She felt the cool air of the room kiss her suddenly bared vulva. She worked her thong down carefully, trying to keep her little skirt covering her. She let it drop around her ankles and then quickly stepped out of it, which was easy to do in her bare feet. She crouched down to pick it up and then pressed it into the tall man's hands like a bag of coke. She glanced around her quickly. Hank was videoing her, of course, and Brad was staring intently.
"Jesus Fucking Christ," breathed the shorter man.
"It's damp," said the taller man.
"I've been wearing it all morning," said Cody. "Can I refill your drinks, gentlemen?"
"Sure, yeah," said the shorter man.
"Alright I'll be back. And by the way, that thong was expensive." She headed back for the servery and saw Blair watching her. He had seen the whole thing.
"You're good," he grinned. "You. Are. Good. Just keep it low key, okay? "Cody nodded mutely and headed through the servery and into the women's washroom where she locked herself in a stall and leaned against the door, cradling her head in her arms. She stayed this way silently for a minute. She could feel the sensation of bareness under her skirt, now that her thong was gone. Inside of 24 hours, she was back to waitressing in her bare feet with nothing on under her too-short skirt.
"It's only for now. It's only to get the money. Then I'll be good," she whispered. She took several deep breaths and headed back out. The two men were watching her skirt like hawks. She saw two women waiting at the front and pulled two menus for them, smiling. They looked her up and down in horror, turned around and left. Cody ignored the twinge in her stomach and headed to Brad's booth. She slid into the seat across from him.
"Hi Brad," she said shyly.
"Hi Miss."
"You know, I've been on my feet all day and they're sooo sore," she cooed softly. "I wish someone were here right now to massage my feet."
"Oh, Miss, I can do that for you, please? Please? I really want to!"
"Really Brad? You'd do that for me? Oh, thank you!" she said. She slowly brought her feet up, one at a time and placed them in Brad's lap. Brad almost moaned as he gently took her feet in his hands and began stroking them. Cody made sure to keep her toes pointed, rubbing them against one another luxuriously.
"Mmm," she cooed as Brad caressed her soft, dewy bare feet. He cupped her dirty, wrinkled bare soles with the back of his hands, rubbing them slowly back and forth. "That feels so nice," she whispered.
"I'm so hard Miss," he whispered.
"Oh Brad, I can feel your hands shaking. Are you okay?"
"Yes, Miss I'm just... so hard right now."
"Mmm, I can feel it. You really like feet, don't you?"
"Yes Miss. I'm sorry, I don't know why. I have no idea why. It's always been this way for me. And I'm always getting made fun of for it. But you're not making fun of me."
"Awe Brad," said Cody softly. She slowly alternated pointing her toes, first the left, then the right. "I don't think you chose this thing. This thing chose you. I guess it's kind of a gift, to love this part of a girl so much when so many others don't."
"Really? You think so?" Brad was trying not to push the hard-on in his pants against Cody's feet, but her heels were putting weight directly on it. Every time she flexed her toes, it put gentle pressure on his hard-on.
"Yeah, I really think so. It makes you special."
Tears welled up in Brad's eyes. "Shit," he said, darting a glance around and quickly wiping his eyes. "Shit, sorry Miss. Nobody's ever been so kind to me like this." Brad wiped his eyes again.
"Aww I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to upset you!" Cody gently took her feet out of Brad's lap and leaned across the table. She brushed a tear from Brad's face.
"No, it's okay Miss, I'm sorry. I just feel a little overwhelmed right now. I'm not used to somebody being so nice to me about this. Can we do this a little more?"
"Of course. Just for a little bit more." Cody placed her feet back in Brad's lap. His hands quickly resumed brushing her feet. Cody pointed her toes and pushed them gently but firmly into Brad's crotch. Brad grunted.
"Oh Jesus," he said.
"Ssssh," Cody whispered. "Just look at me and pretend we're having a conversation." She worked her toes like she had done with Hal so many times. Brad tried to keep looking at her like he was talking, while stroking her feet, but his eyes were fluttering.
"Miss if you keep this up..."
"My bare feet," Cody whispered. "I'm waitressing in my bare feet just for you. My feet are so sweaty and dirty from the floor Brad." She pushed her pointed toes again.
Brad put a fist to his mouth and made a small grunt. His pelvis jerked. "Fuck," he said.
"What?" asked Cody.
"I... I just came, Miss."
"In your pants?"
"Yes, Miss."
Cody slipped her feet out of Brad's lap and stood up. She walked around to his side of the table and kissed him softly and quickly on the cheek. "You're very sweet, Brad," she said. "Can I get you your bill?"
Brad nodded.
"Okies!" she said. "And I can have my mules back? It's okay, you can have them again next time."
Cody headed to Hank's table. The two men waved her down on the way. "Check please!" said the taller man.
"Okies!" said Cody.
"Your panties smell good, by the way," the shorter man said. Cody pretended not to hear.
"Anything else I can get you Hank? Want your apple pie?"
"Ayuh, thanks Angel," he said. "You took your panties off."
Cody shrugged and smiled. "What can I say," she said, shrugging her shoulders.
"God you are so sexy. Can I touch you under there again please Angel?"
"Let me think about it Hank."
"Please, Angel? I really want to. Please?"
"Let me think about it. I'll get your pie for you."
Cody padded back into the servery. Martin and Daniel had no orders and were watching her from the kitchen window.
"What were you doing in that guy's booth for so long?" asked Daniel.
"I had to have a talk with him about my shoes," said Cody.
Martin started laughing. "Every time I ask Blair about the customers, he tells me to shut up and cook."
Cody shrugged her shoulders. Her shoulders were getting sore from shrugging. She headed back out and dropped the bill off at Brad's booth. The two men paid by credit. Cody waited for the card to ring through and noted the tip was $100 as promised. She frowned inwardly. That would get stripped of taxes and fees before it ever got to her, through Blair, if it did. Cody bit her lip.
She returned to the servery and checked her top. Her areolae were peeking out.
"Damn, she thought, "How long have I been showing?" She tugged her top down and got Hank's pie and coffee. Hank was photographing her again as she served his pie.
"I want to kiss your belly button Angel," he said, reached a hand out for her bare stomach. Cody intercepted his hand gently and took it in hers. She leaned down and whispered in his ear.
"Afterwards, Hank," she said and straightened up. Behind her, the two men saw her bend forward and her bare pussy peeked out from between her exposed, smooth ass cheeks.
"Miss?' the taller man called as they were heading out. Cody turned to them. "Do you make house calls?"
Cody shook her head.
"You sure?"
Cody nodded her head.
"You really ought to!"
"I'm not an escort," she answered without thinking.
"You sure?"
Cody frowned and headed to Brad's table. He had his jacket on and was heading out as well.
"Miss? Thank you," he said. Before she could react, Brad stepped into her personal space and hugged her. Cody was shorter than him and went up on her toes for balance. Her little skirt popped up above her limit and her bare cheeks came out, along with part of her vulva.
"You're welcome, Brad!" she said. She let him hold on to her for an uncomfortable moment before breaking free and giving him a reassuring pat. "See you again!" she chirped.
She turned to his table as he walked away and saw a stack of twenties beside his coffee cup. She discreetly scooped the money and headed back into the servery. Quickly counting it off, she realized Brad had tipped her $200.
Cody returned with Hank's bill. Blair was seating a group of four people, two men and two women. Cody instinctively smoothed her mini skirt down and tugged down her top. "Here you go, Hank," she said, placing the bill down. Hank clutched her wrist.
"Angel," he whispered hoarsely. "Look." He counted out bills for the meal and laid them down on the table. "And look." He proffered several one-hundred-dollar bills. Cody couldn't be sure how many. "Please let me touch you," he whispered urgently.
The ringing in Cody's ears returned. She looked around again. Blair was busy. The cooks were busy.
"Go around the alley behind here," she heard herself say to Hank. Hank nodded, his eyes wide. He got up and shuffled out. Blair waved at him as he passed.
"Take care Hank!" he called.
"Ayuh!" Hank gave a little wave.
Cody walked by Blair nonchalantly. "I'm a on quick break Blair!" she said. Blair nodded at her absentmindedly as he took drink orders. Cody slipped into her mules, slipped through the kitchen with a wave to Martin and Daniel, and slipped out the back.
Hank found Cody leaning against the brick wall, one knee up and her foot supporting her, with her arms crossed. Hank walked up to her, his hands reaching out.
"Alright Hank," she said softly. "You can touch me."
"Jesus Angel," he said, slipping his hand around her waist and feeling her smooth bare skin. He felt the dip of her belly button. Cody's stomach twitched from the tickle. She squeezed her eyes shut as Hank slipped a hand around to the small of her back and held her while the other slipped up under her skirt and slowly felt her smooth, round bare ass. He brought it around to her pelvis and went between her legs. Cody adjusted her stance, planting her feet apart for balance as Hank's fingers found her bare pussy. He moaned.
"Oh God, Angel," he said. His fingers probed her soft pussy lips without any expertise. He buried his face in her neck and began kissing. He worked his lips up her neck to her jawline and then tried to move to her mouth.
"Mmm, no, no," said Cody, "Not on the lips, Hank!" She arched her head back to avoid him.
"Please Angel," he grunted. He seized Cody more roughly and his groping became more insistent. Cody made little moans of effort to keep Hank under control as he snaked an arm under the crook of her left knee and pulled it up to his waist. Cody was pulled into him. His other hand pushed her top up. It slipped easily up over her right breast and her nipple popped out. He pinched it roughly with his fingers.
"Unh! Hank calm down, calm down," said Cody urgently. She seized Hank's head with both her hands and made eye contact. "Calm down," she whispered. Hank tried to kiss her lips again, but Cody held his face firm and rested her forehead against his. "Easy, Hank, easy." Hank kept working away at Cody's pussy, his breath ragged.
"I want you so bad Angel. You're so damn beautiful," he panted. "Let me kiss you down there." Cody shook her head gently. Hank popped a finger into her. Cody yelped and reached down quickly.
"Aah! Ow! Hank, no, don't go into me. Don't go into me, please. Hank. Don't go into me." Hank relented and let down her leg, but grabbed her hand that held his other hand.
"Angel I will pay you double if you..." he pushed her hand against his hard crotch.
"Oh God," said Cody.
"Please Angel, please."
"Will you let me go if I do this for you? Will we be done for the day?"
"Yes Angel, I promise."
The ringing in Cody's ears grew so loud it was hard to hear Hank's panting. Hank had his fly opened and freed his boner within seconds. The hard tip brushed Cody's fingers. Cody screwed her eyes shut and took hold of Hank's penis. She had stroked off Hal enough to know how to quickly get him off. She spread Hank's precum over his tip for lubrication and began stroking Hank's penis. Hank began to sag against Cody, moaning into her the crook of her neck.
"You look like my daughter when she was young," he said. Then he moaned in pleasure.
"Easy Hank, easy boy," he whispered as she stroked him.
"Oh God Angel, I love you and I'm so lonely. You have no idea what this means to me."
"It's alright, it's alright," she whispered into his ear as she continued stroking.
"No woman has touched me here for years," he moaned.
Cody realized Hank was crying. "Second man today," she thought numbly. "It's alright, Hank. it's alright," she whispered. She kissed him softly on the cheek as he stroked him. "I'm not wearing any panties under my little skirt just for you Hank. Did you like looking up my skirt? Did you like feeling my bare pussy?"
Hank moaned and convulsed. Cody felt him erupt over her fingers. Hank began sinking slowly to the ground. Cody slowly let him down, going into a crouch with him. She wiped her fingers along Hank's softening penis and his exposed boxers.
"Oh Angel," he finally said. Cody let him out of their strange entwinement.
"Are you okay?" she asked. Hank nodded. Cody slipped her hand around to Hank's back pocket. "May I?" she asked softly. Hank nodded again. Cody took out his wallet and boldly counted out several one-hundred-dollar bills and several twenties in front of him.
"Don't ask me where it comes from Angel," he said.
"I wasn't going to," she said, although it was the first thing she wondered when she saw how much cash he was carrying. She carefully folded the bills and tucked them away. She leaned forward and kissed Hank on the cheek. "Thank you, Hank," she said. "You're very sweet."
"I love you," he said.
"I know," she said. "But I have to get back now, okay?"
"I'll see you again Angel!"
Cody felt a knot of anxiety in her stomach. "I'll see you again too Hank," she said, standing up. Hank looked unabashedly up her skirt as she twirled away and slipped back inside the restaurant.
Back inside, Cody locked herself in the bathroom stall again and counted her take from Brand and Hank. "Plus whatever I get from those other two..." she thought. "What a sweet take." She scowled at the thought of giving five points of it to Blair.
***
Cody said nothing to Hal on the drive home.
"Still mad at me Princess?" he asked.
Cody didn't answer. She stared out the truck window at the passing sights of a giant city she could barely wrap her head around.
"How was work?" Hal tried again. But the teen looking out the window didn't respond except to give her impossibly short skirt a tug. Her soft, smooth bare legs tortured Hal. He missed her.
Back at home, Cody finished washing the makeup off her face and looked in the mirror at herself, with tired, sad eyes.
"So, this must be how it starts," she thought numbly. "I'm going to be a prostitute rather than a model."
Hal was surprised when Cody crept into his bed that night.
"Princess?" he whispered.
"Just hold me, "she whispered back. "Don't touch me. Just hold me."