Chapter 3 - Trigger Words
"Good morning gorgeous," David said while kissing Amy on the cheek. "I hope you slept well."
Amy began stretching, as she began sitting up and smiling. Reaching for him with both hands, he sat down next to his naked wife. He could still see dried semen on her tits and in her hair. Taking his hands, she leaned forward for a kiss. Their lips met in loving elation.
Grinning she answered, "Ah, I love kissing you. Yes I slept very well. But David I had the weirdest dream. I dream we went dancing and I had sex at the club. Not once but with two different guys. Can you believe that?"
David snickered and in a sarcastic tone, "But you did Amy. You had sex with two guys and one paid me $600 for the privilege of fucking you and boy did he. Don't you remember? There is some of his semen still on your breast. Look!"
She looked down to where David was pointing and saw some dried goo on one breast. Looking up at David with a sad expression she whimpered, "You mean I actually did that?" It took a minute but then she squealed, "Oh my god! I remember it now. He was so big!"
David held her and whispered "Oh yeah Amy, you did have sex with those men and you enjoyed it. In fact you agreed to go back Sunday for an encore performance." He held her tightly with her head on his shoulder. "But right now you promised Jerry to register for the convention. We have a fun day ahead of us."
She moved back and started to get up. But when she stood, her pussy ached and she whined. "Oh my! I'm so sore David."
David snickered, "You should be Amy. Besides me you had sex with four other guys since we arrived including the guys at the dance club. I still don't fathom why you are acting like a horny slut! You've been so distant for years."
She didn't know either why she is in constant need for sex. Without answering, like she didn't hear him, she gingerly walked to the bathroom. David started a shower and helped her clean up. He washed her hair and back. When he touched her pussy, she winched, but then the warm water made her feel better. When she asked what to wear, David told her the white sun dress. She put it on without a bra or panty. Her pussy ached with a thong buried in it. Off to the convention they went.
It was almost 10:30 am when they got to the convention to register. Jerry and Lisa were waiting. When Jerry saw Amy, he smiled at seeing her nips from under the white cotton material. They all hugged each other with David standing next to Lisa talking. Jerry went to Amy and whispered, "Zanzibar."
Taking Amy away from David he said, "Today and night you will have insatiable urges for all kinds of sex with everyone who wants you. You will always say yes fuck me. You'll want to try new things like anal sex, being doubled and being a willing subject for demonstrations at the exhibition hall. Tonight you'll want sex from all of my friends." Then he quickly woke her up and asked, "So what happened last night?"
She began telling him about the dance and the guys she had sex with, which made Jerry pleased knowing that she obeyed his commands. David came over holding Lisa's hand and asked where to go to get checked in. All four of them went to the desk and David paid for two days and nights. They put the green wrist band on and started touring the exhibitors.
A lot of the booths were selling their products; from S & M ware and nipple rings to cosmetics to dildos and fake cocks. A crowd gathered at this one demonstration with an older potbellied proprietor asking for a volunteer that need his special ointment to heal bruises. A couple of women held up her hand, but when he saw Amy's hand in the back he chose her.
"What are you doing," David asked?
"I'm so sore, let's see if it really works," she answered back.
Jerry helped her up on the small stage. The guy named Gary, took her hand and had her sit on a bench that resembled a doctors table. He asked her where it hurt. She told him her inner thighs and pussy. Gary put on a pair of surgical gloves, had her pull up her dress above her pussy and opens her legs. While Amy sat there exposed for all to see her vagina, he explained the product. Then he took the jar of clear gel and rubbed some on her inner thigh bruises. He said it would take about 10 minutes for to completely heal.
He continued explaining the safety of the product and then turning to Amy he said, "I'm going to have you take two fingers worth of gel and spread it on and in your vagina. I can tell you're a little tender there. It happens sometimes when you are having too much fun. But if you use my Bruise X formula after sex and before you go to sleep, you wouldn't have that problem the next day."
Everyone watched as she took a big scoop of gel with her fingers. She opened her legs wider and rubbed some on the outside of her vagina and then gingerly pushed her fingers inside of her aching cunt. It hurt a little but managed to rub it inside her.
When she was done she said, "Oh my! That is really cool and tinkling. I can feel it soothing me. How can I get a jar?"
"See folks. It is working. A small jar is $20 internet price but show price is $15. The medium jar size is $25 and the large jar is only $40 here at this show." Turning to Amy, he whispered, "Well gorgeous I'll give you 2 large jars if you meet me back here in an hour so I can see if the product is working."
Amy smiled and thought she would save money and answered, "Okay. You want to meet right here!"
Actually if you wouldn't mind, I would meet you at the elevators, say noon." He replied with a lusty grin. She agreed.
The group continued walking around looking at all of the sexually charged exhibits. There was even a room with photos taken in the 20's by a famous photographer. It was the first pornography. At around noon Amy excused herself, telling everyone that she was going back to the room for a few minutes. They told her to meet them for lunch at the pool. She said she would in 30 minutes. Rushing to the elevators, Gary was waiting holding a white bag with two jars of the healing gel.
"I didn't think you were coming," Gary uttered. "But seeing you walking up here has me really happy. Is it okay if I take you to my room to check if the gel is working?"
Amy giggled and answered in a sensual voice, "Now Gary, do you take all of the girls up to your room or do you really just want to fuck me?"
Gary gave out a laugh and said, "Actually I do want to see if the product is working, but the only way I can is if I fuck you gorgeous. After I saw what a nice pussy you have, I got really horny. You are very beautiful and I would love the privilege to fuck you."
He took her hand and waited for the elevator. Once in the room, he had Amy take off her dress. Now naked except her shoes, he told her to sit on the edge of the bed and spread her legs apart. He looked at her vagina, touched it and smiled.
"Gorgeous," he started. "Your pussy is nice and pink again. It looks like the bruising on it and your thighs are completely gone. So it's working. But the best test is to see if it still hurts is when you are having sex. That's why I asked you up here. If you are okay with it beautiful, I would love to fuck you. What do you say?"
She giggled from hearing her two trigger words in combination, that is, beautiful and fuck. It was the second time he used it and she is conditioned to have sex, when they are used together. Answering, "Okay but make it quick. I have to meet everyone at the pool in twenty minutes."
He laughed as he quickly pulled down is pants. He jumped up on the bed and knelt in between Amy's legs. Taking her knees, he pushed them farther apart. Then he leaned over her and began pushing his hard small but thick cock into her moistened hole. With his big belly plastered against her flat stomach, he began ravishing her. As he did, he would ask if it was hurting.
Every time he did Amy would say, "Oh no Gary. You feel really good in me. Oh yes I love it. It feels fantastic. Oh yes! That's it! Fuck me Gary! Ah! Ah! Yes! Yes!" She spread her legs wider and up her body, as Gary speedily impelled her pussy.
Amy was pinned to the bed by Gary's weight, as he continued thrusting in and out of this enticing young beauty for a good ten minutes. Then without notice and just as Amy began shaking with an orgasm, he blew his load deep inside her pulsating pussy. When he finished squirting, he fell on top of her. She tried to push his big fat body off her, so she could breathe. He finally rose up and moved off to lay exhausted on his back. She got up and hurried to the bathroom to expel his seed. When she came out, she quickly dressed and began walking out.
"Don't forget you bag gorgeous," Gary exclaimed.
Turning around, she smiled and finally got a look at Gary. Going back to get the present, she answered, "Oh Thanks Gary." But she thought, "Oh my god! He must be as old as David's granddad. I didn't realize he looked so old. Why did I let him have sex with me?"
Gary on the other hand thought, "I'm going to remember fucking you. You are so good-looking and young!" But instead said, "No thank you Amy! I'm happy the gel worked." She smiled and left.
Rushing back down to the eighth floor, she went into the room. Placing her earned present on the table, she quickly put on her white thong bathing suit. She brushed her hair and put on some bright red lip stick. Remembering what Jerry said about walking around the hotel in just her thong, she took a pink cotton tank top that just barely covered her ass. Then she grabbed her large brown bag and left.
Thinking everyone would be waiting for her, she was surprised that when she got to the cabana there was no one there. All the curtains were wide open. She put the purse on a double lounger and took off her top. She sat down looking out, took a book from her bag, and began reading. As she did she kept fidgeting her legs, bending them at her knees and spreading them apart. Not being aware of her surroundings, she didn't notice the four young men watching her. They had lounge chairs to left of the pool and had a view of the cabana.
"Look at this one Scott," Clinton said as he nudged his friend. "Were you watching when she took off her shirt?"
Clinton laughed and answered, "Oh yeah! I think we were all watching. And now I think I can see her cunt, when she opens those lovely legs!"
The group of 4 guys was staying at the hotel for a bachelor party. Clinton was getting married next weekend and Scott, Lea and Cole flew in from Phoenix with him to celebrate his last fling. They kept staring at Amy, while making obscene comments to themselves and hoping for any glimpse of her pussy. She didn't disappoint them either. The thong was nicely embedded in her vagina lips.
Being hot, Amy got up to cool off in the pool. The four horny twenty something dudes watched her every move. The thong was tight in her ass and pussy, as began her decent into the pool. Wading in until the water was up to her belly button, she submerged neck deep. She never liked getting her hair wet, so she held her hair up. She stayed in the water a few minutes and then stood, turned and walked back to the steps. She saw a shady spot off to the side of the steps. Sitting down and dangling her legs in the water, she leaned back on her hands, which pushed her chest out nicely, and closed her eyes. It was like a dream come true for those horny guys. She was thirty feet from them. Clinton commented that he could see her nips.
Cole chuckled and whispered, "And her pussy too."
Then out of the blue, Lea challenged Clinton. "That girl looks like she loves attention. I bet Clinton couldn't fuck her in the cabana. In fact I give you 5 to one that he couldn't do it. She's just a fucking tease. She placed herself in front of us knowing that her bathing suit was transparent when wet. So what do you say lover boy. You're last chance to fuck a young slut before you get hitched to Hillary."
The guys kept egging him on so he took the challenge. He thought, "Well it is Vegas. And what happens here stays here. Hillary will never find out. Hell the guys probably are right. She's just a fucking tease. But damn she is really stunning. The worst that could happen is she would say no."
So he got up and walked over to her. She still had her eyes closed, as Clinton sat down next to her. "Hi gorgeous," he started. "It seems like you are getting a little sun burned. I can rub some lotion on you if you want."
Opening her eyes and looking at this cute guy with a hairy chest, muscular arms, and nice abs she answered, "Oh, I do burn easily. Thanks for reminding me. I should get back to the cabana, but it is cooler out here and the water felt refreshing."
Clinton smiled and asked, "Can I buy you a drink?" His eyes were staring at her perky nipples and her exposed pussy from under the wet semi-transparent swim suit. He hoped that she would let him rub the sun screen on her.
"Oh yes a drink will be nice," she exclaimed.
"What would you like," he politely asked.
She turned to sit onto one ass cheek, smiled and looked into his eyes, although his eyes were on her tits. "How about something fun with an umbrella and fruit on the side, surprise me. Oh and some water too. I'll probably be thirsty afterwards." She knew he was hitting on her and like most guys they would love to fuck her.
He got up to leave for the bar but stopped, when she reached her hands out for him to help her up. He did and she fell into his arms plastering her body next to his. It was an awkward moment. Then she pulled back, smiled and told him that she would be in the cabana. He watched her giving an extra wiggle, as she walked the 100 feet to the cabana. She went for the middle lounger, placed one knee on it and bent over. As if, she was adjusting the towel. With her ass in the air and legs spread apart she turned and looked at him. Smiling she fell on her ass with her legs spread on each side of the longer. She just grinned and reached for her phone leaving her legs spread open. Clinton turned and quickly left.
When he went by his buddies, he whispered, "Get your money ready boys."
By the time Clinton returned, she had her legs up on the lounger. All the curtains that were open had been closed, except the two in front. Clinton walked in and Amy sat up with a sexy grin. He handed her a large goblet filled with red, orange, and yellow drink. There was no umbrella, but a side of pineapple on a skewer with and orange and cherry. A straw was in the middle.
After she sipped the concoction she said, "Oh this is really good. What do you call it?"
"It's a Hawaiian delight." Chuckling he said, "It was a special for today and it has a lot of different juices mixed with light and dark rum, grenadine, vodka, and a coconut liqueur. He gave me a taste. I thought you would like it."
"Oh I love it. Thanks," Amy answered." Giggling she said, "Hi I'm Amy. I guess I should know your name, if you are planning to fuck me."
In shock Clinton garbled his name. As she sucked on her drink, he said, "Sorry Amy! You caught off guard. I'm Clinton! You are very beautiful and yes I would very much like to fuck you."
With her pussy instantly becoming moist and wanting, she took a big slurped of the cocktail, giggled and sensually said, "Good! We got that out of the way. But first like you promised, you need to rub some sun screen on me." She put the almost empty goblet on the table, slowly turned on his stomach, and said, "I can't wait to feel your strong hands on me."
He took the sunscreen from the table and squirted some in his hands. Then he started to rub her upper back. As he did, Amy told him to untie the straps holding her top on. Then she turned on her side so he could get a look at her tits. "You like what you see lover boy," she said.
"Yes I do. You are very beautiful," he answered.
She laughed some more and turned back on her stomach. As he continued his massaging his hands worked down her lower back, then her bare ass. As he pushed his fingers in her ass crack, he said, "You have such a firm toned butt. In fact your whole body is very nice and tight."
Amy was now feeling the effects of the booze. She giggled, "Thank you Clinton. But what I really want massaged is my pussy. I think you'll find that very tight too."
Raising her ass up, he pulled down her thong. Her pussy was dripping from being overly stimulated. He touched it and began fingering her. The tent in his swim trunks became visible. As she turned and looked back, she saw how big he was. Giggling again she said, "If you want me to take care of that big problem you have, you'll need to get closer."
That was all of the incentive he needed. He moved on his side next to her. Being on her side facing away from him, her butt was plastered against his raging hard on. Quickly he pulled down is trunks and scooted down to where his cock was under her ass and up against her pussy. She maneuvered in such a way that he could enter her dripping cunt that was begging to be fucked. He pushed his throbbing rod up against her pussy. She pushed back as he impelled her drenched hole. She started grinding against his pelvic enjoying his manhood and moaning in elation.
"You feel so good in me Clinton," She moaned. "Can't you get deeper?"
"Sure baby," he answered.
They didn't realize that the cabana front curtains were still open. His buddies had a clear view of her getting defiled by him. Lea took out his phone and began videoing the event. To get closer he got up and stood behind a palm tree that was just to the side of the entrance and zoomed in on them. When Clinton took her leg and raised it in the air, Lea watched as he pushed farther into her. With her leg raised up, gave him a great view of her cunt with his cock pumping her. As they continued their display of passion, they were unaware of others were watching from the walkway above the pool area. But being in back, the angle didn't allow much view from the pool that was now filling up with conventioneers. In her position of being in front, her tits jiggled with each thrust. His hand was on one breast yanking on her nipple. She would turn her head back for a kiss every once in a while.
Amy kept moaning, "Yes! Oh god Yes! Ah! You feel perfect. Yes fuck me! Harder! I'm Cumming! Ah!"
As Leo kept the phone zoomed in on their activity, he got a tap on his shoulder. "Enjoying the show," a guy asked.
He turned and looked at this older guy, smoking a cigar. He didn't know but it was Jerry. "Yes I am," he answered back. "That's my friend fucking the horny slut and I was hoping to be next."
Jerry laughed and replied, "Well your friend better hurry up and finish. Her husband will be here in any minute. I don't think he would like seeing his wife being fucked."
Just then Clinton pulled out his cock and shot his load on top of her pussy with some squirts landing on her belly. Then Amy lowered her leg and turned back for another kiss. After he kissed her, he stood up and pulled up his trunks. His demeanor changed from being a nice guy to that of a jerk.
"Thanks gorgeous for letting me use your body. It was a load of fun. I wish you had bigger tits to hold onto as I fucked you. If you did, you wouldn't have to be begging for a fuck and guys would probably pay you. Your cunt is very nice and tight. I bet you'll do my friends too. I mean you are a horny little slut aren't you?"
Amy should have been appalled by his comments, but those damn directives had her loving any and all obscene comments men made to her. As she laid on her back with a pool of semen, starting to run down her pussy, she sensually answered, "Sure! I hope they are nicer to me. And I'll need another yummy drink first."
Clinton laughed and then saw Lea talking with a guy at the palm tree. He walked over to him and asked if he saw him fucking the slut. Lea said he did. Then laughing he said, "I really fucked her didn't I. She said she would do all of you guys too one at a time. So go for bro!"
Lea looked at Jerry pointing to David, Alec, and Devon with the girls walking around the pool toward the cabana. Chuckling he said, "I don't think you're got a chance. Her husband is here. You guys better get lost."
Grabbing Lea's arm, Clinton still had a content smile and was chuckling as they walked. Jerry heard him say that Amy was a very wet little slut and that he bet she was no more than 23. He laughed some more, beat his chest like he just had a conquest and blurted to the other guys, that he left a month of saved up cum in her because Hillary cut him off. That's when he heard Lea say, but I videoed it. What will you give me for it? But unknown to Clinton, Lea had already sent it to Hillary. Not hearing anything else but laughter from the group of guys, Jerry was thrilled with Amy's whorish behavior as walked into the cabana.
Amy was scooping the puddle of sperm that was on her pussy mound and licking it off her fingers. When she saw Jerry, she exclaimed. "Oh this is so good. I could eat this stuff all day. I must have made him really horny too. He left so much yummy sperm on me."
"Let me clean you up Amy," Jerry said. "We wouldn't want David to see what you been up too."
He took a towel and whipped the goo off her stomach and pussy. Just as he handed her back the thong, David walk in carrying a few large bags of food with Devon following holding case of water. Amy just pulled the thong up over her cunt, as David put the food down on the table.
Looking at Amy he said, "Oh I'm glad you are here. I bet you're hungry too so I got you your favorite salad. "
She smiled and thanked him for being thoughtful. But asked, "So where has everyone been. I've been here for 30 minutes."
Devon chuckling answered, "He was buying you an outfit for tonight. Then we stopped to order food. We didn't know how long you would be and truthfully, I'm surprised to see you here. We all thought you be still fucking that old guy." Lisa blurted, "So did you get the jars of that Bruise X? You know it's really a scam. He just wanted to fuck you and you fell for it."
Amy in defense replied, "Oh no you're wrong. The stuff really worked. See no more bruises on my legs and my vagina feels great. Want to see?"
Alec said he wanted to and then Devon chimed in. Amy pulled the thong off her pussy and said, "See!"
Alec blurted, "You have a nice looking cunt there Amy. Nice and pink and very juicy. Is showing us your cunt making you horny?"
Before Amy could say that she was just fucked, Jerry intervened. "Well it looks like that gel does work. And I find that Amy is always horny. Why I chose her to be part of the group." They all laughed.
David started handing out the food and everyone ate quietly. Afterwards the girls (Amy, Lisa, Mandy, and Suzy) all went to the pool to cool off. They all were wearing skimpy swim suits. They stayed taking and laughing for over an hour. The four guys on the loungers' sitting 50' from them were drinking and making obscene commits. Lisa teased them the most and laughed about how see saw bulges in their swim trunks.
Whenever one of them came over to talk, Mandy would tease them by saying, "Do you think you are going to sink that tiny cock in me. I like them big." She would giggle naughtily afterwards.
With their ego deflated they would walk away or say something obscene back. If they said something nasty back, Suzy would laugh and say, "I knew you were a jerk, that's why she said that."
The guys would watch their wives flirt and put down the men. They thought it was funny. Then another couple joined the group in the cabana. Her name was Emma and the guy was Connor. They all knew each other from last year. Connor wanted to know the scoop about Amy. David was now out by the pool visiting Lisa, as Jerry told Connor all about how horny Amy was. Connor liked that. Then Amy got up from the pool, told David where she was going to the restroom.
She had to walk by the four guys. When she did, Lea noticed her. He turned the others and said, "I'm going to get me some of that."
Clinton hooted, "Yeah she's easy. You could probably just take it, if she said no. I'll testify about fucking her in the cabana earlier, if there is a problem."
Lea quickly left to catch Amy. He finally did as she entered the restroom building. The women were on the right, while the men were on the left. Before you got to the bathrooms, there were four changing rooms with locked doors, two on each side, in front of the bathrooms.
Grabbing Amy's hand, he stopped her and asked. "Where are you going beautiful?" The word beautiful said to Amy, was one of the trigger words that were blasted in her mind over and over again from Jerry's directives. It meant to stop and listen to the guy. If he asked to fuck you, you will.
Amy stopped and turn toward Lea. He opened one of the small empty changing rooms and with aggressive determination, uttered, "Clinton told everyone how good of a fuck you were. I would love to enjoy your charms like he did."
"So you want to have sex with me too," she asked.
Lea was trying to be nice but then whispered in her ear, "Yeah beautiful, I want to fuck you. Let's do it in here."
She giggled and walked in the room in front of him. He stared at her bare ass as he closed and locked the door behind him. The room was small with a seat in the back. There were hooks to hang up the clothes, a small sink and open on the top. It was like being in a dressing room at clothing store.
Amy tried to turn around for a kiss, but Lea just pushed her against the back wall. He got real close leaning on her back and untied her top. Then he placed both hands over her bare tits and began to squeeze and yank roughly on her nipples.
She squealed, "Not so rough. I'm going fuck you anyway."
Lea pushed her harder against the wall and got his mouth real close to her ear. Whispering, "I know that slut. But a teasing tramp like you should be fucked as hard as possible. It doesn't matter if you are a willing slut or not. I'm going abuse your hot body so you'll never forget what happens when you torment a group of guys."
He began kissing her neck and pulling on her nipples. She yelped again pleading not to be so forceful. He laughed and yanked harder. When he removed his hands, he pulled down her thong to her feet and told her to bend forward with her ass in the air. Then he pushed two fingers into her very wet pussy. She was getting off on his rough play and stopped whining. Making her kneel on the floor and leaning her arms on the bench, he pulled her hips up to the level of his throbbing cock. He rubbed her pussy, placed his cock at her opening, and rammed into her soaked cunt.
She cried, "Oh that hurt. You're so big. Please, not so rough!"
As he rammed in and out of her he chuckled, "I can tell that you like it rough slut. You're cunt is drenched. Now isn't that true?"
Holding her hips and thrusting deep into her stretched hole from his 9" thick rod, made Amy move in unison with his forceful assault on her pussy. She was moaning and enjoying his physical attack fucking her. She never had such an experience. So she answered, "Yes I love it rough!"
He mistreated her body, by spanking her ass making it bright red, biting her nipples, and pulling her hair. She yelped when he did. When she was having a climax, he would laugh and say, "That's it slut, cum for your daddy! Yeah, I knew you liked it hard."
It seemed like eternity with Lea fucking Amy, but all of the ravishing only took 7 minutes. Finally, he erupted inside her stretched wet hole. When he did he grunted, "Here it comes slut, a nice load of spunk to knock you up."
He came out and saved a few squirts for her face. Taking her hair, he pulled her to his spewing cock. He had her open her mouth and he shook out her rest of his goo into it. Some landed on her cheek. When he finished spewing, he pushed his cock in her mouth and blurted, "Now keep me hard Amy. I want to dump another load in you before we are finished."
Alec and Jerry were laughing and talking about making Amy a full service girl. When Alec looked down at this watch, he said. "It's almost three Jer. When are we going to start on prepping Amy?"
Jerry answered, "That late already. I'll get her and meet you at your room." Alec left, while Jerry went looking for Amy.
David, who was sitting in between Lisa and Suzy, told Jerry that she went to the restroom. He scolded him for allowing her to go alone. David seemed puzzled by the concern. She's gone to the bathroom alone many times. Jerry hustled to the restroom building on the other side of the large pool. When he got in the building, he saw the dressing area doors but ignored them and rushed to the women's side. He called out for her, but no answer. He went into the men's side and it was empty. He thought, "Shit. Where are you girl?" In her new found state, he knew she would have sex with anyone who asked.
As he slowly strolled out, he heard, "Keep me hard Amy," coming from the room behind him.
He knocked on the dressing room door and said, "Amy, are you in there?" A muffled sound resembling "Yes I am," came from inside. Knocking again he barked, "Open the fucking door!"
Lea yelled back, "I'm not done with her yet. Come back in thirty."
Jerry was now beyond being pissed. The door was very flimsy and with one hard kick it flew open. He saw Amy kneeling on the floor with her head in between Lea's legs sucking on his cock. He could see Lea's semen oozing out of her glitz cunt. He knew that he already fucked her once. He grabbed Amy by the waist and pulled her to him.
"Get your thong back on," he nastily barked.
Still being horny she whimpered, "Do I have to Jerry. He tastes so good."
Lea stood and blasted, "What's your problem dude. She still wants to fuck."
Jerry took Amy's arm and pulled her out. She told him that she still had to pee. She he let her go to the restroom. By this time Lea had his trunks on and rushed out like he was going hit Jerry. Jerry saw him coming and ducked Lea's punch. With unusual speed, he flattened him with two Karate chops to his face. Lea went down in a pool of blood and didn't know what hit him.
As he lay on the ground he kept crying, "You broke my nose." He couldn't believe this older guy could lay him out so quickly.
As he whined, Jerry stood over him and sarcastically said, "This is what happens when you fuck someone else woman. Let that be a lesson to you. You are lucky that is all I did."
While Amy was sitting on the toilet dumping Lea's spunk, she suddenly asked herself. "What am I doing? I'm not a trollop. Why do I constantly want sex? Why do I suddenly enjoy exposing myself? What's wrong with me?"
Her hands went over her face and with a few tears dripping down her cheeks. Raising her head like she knew what happened she thought, "I've been so horny ever since I met Jerry. I wonder if he really did hypnotize me. It makes since. He did something to me. This isn't my normal behavior." Then she sighed, "But I've really am enjoying the sex. Oh my god! I am a slut!"
As she left the bathroom and saw Jerry standing over Lea, she asked what happened. Jerry laughed and told her that the kid wouldn't take no for an answer. She took his arm and they walked back to the cabana to gather he things. She was quiet.
Once they got off the elevator onto Alec 10the floor, she said, "I don't what's wrong with me Jerry. I've been so horny ever since I got here. I'm really not the way I've acted the last two day. I believe you did hypnotize me, making me some sort of obeying slut."
Before she could utter another word Jerry said, "Zanzibar."
He had to think quickly and come up with a reason other than him hypnotizing her for her behavior. Softly he said, "You will never think that I did anything to you like hypnosis again. Those thoughts will be buried deep in your mind and locked away. You don't have the key to unlock them. Instead, you have finally accepted that you are a sensual horny slut in need of constant sexual gratification. Those sexual thoughts and actions have been repressed until you met me and became curious about swinging. It was an excuse to let yourself be the person that you always wanted to be. When you awake, that reason will become evident." Then he woke her up.
"So you think I did something to you Amy," Jerry responded. "I haven't. I've just been observing how horny you've been. I don't know if this has always been your personality. I just met you. So you tell me that you are not a slut, but that's all I have observed you being. If you are not this way normally, then the question becomes why have you suddenly turned into a happy horny slut? Maybe something has been suppressed in you that you finally let loose. Well Amy, what do you think?"
They started to slowly saunter to Alec's room, as she thought about Jerry's comments. She looked tearfully at him and blurted, "Oh Jerry, I really don't know why I've been such a willing slut. But you're probably right. I've had to hide my sexual urges all through high school and college. I wouldn't even masturbate, thinking that would make me have sex with the boys. No wonder I've been depressed. I've had all of those fantastic urges bottled-up inside me for years. Oh My God Jerry! You are my savior! You allowed me to enjoy my desires and I now see what I've missed."
She stopped and hugged Jerry for a few minutes. Then they passionately kissed. When they released she said, "If it wasn't for you, I probably would still be miserable. Maybe I should just welcome my desires. I'm not depressed any more but very happy; happier than I've been in a long time. Oh My! I'm getting horny right now." She kissed him again and then asked, "So why are we seeing Alec?"
Quickly he said his magic word again and only took a minute to instill her anal sex desires. He already had given her that stimulant before. This was just a quick reinforcement of that directive.
As he knocked on Alec's door he said, "Remember you wanted to try anal sex and Alec said he show you the proper way to prepare in order to get the best enjoyment from it." She giggled remembering saying it just as the door opened.
"I was beginning to worry about you guys. But I'm glad you finally made it. So Amy, you told me that you wanted to try anal sex to see if you like it?" Alec asked!
"Oh yes Alec," she responded "You told me it's more fun than vagina sex. I'm here to see if that is true."
"Okay I bought you your first anal prep kit," Alec said.
He handed her a box. Opening it, she took out an enema plastic container, lube and cleaner douche solution. Once the container was filled to the top with soapy water and douche mixture, he showed her how to use it. After she took off her thong bathing suit, he brought her over to the bath tub and had her lay on her back. Then he lubed the short hose, had her raise he legs up over her body and he stuck the hose in her ass. He turned the valve to let the solution drain in her anal cavity.
As it flowed into her, Amy squealed, "Oh! That tickles. I'm starting to feel full. Oh My! When can you stop it?"
Alec answered, "Not until it's all in you gorgeous. Before you can have anal sex, we want to make sure that there are no surprises."
Turning to Jerry, he whispered, "She's doing great Jer. I can't wait to fuck that virgin ass of hers."
Once the liquid was in her, Alec stuck in an anal plug. He told her to keep her legs up for 15 minutes and he sat the timer. Her flat stomach was now pooched out from the liquid and they all talked. Alec explained to Amy why this prep is necessary. Amy Laughed and told him about how David tried it once but it was messy. When the timer went off, the guys helped Amy up to the toilet, took out the anal plug, and had her expel the mixture. She was on the toilet for 10 minutes, making sure that she dumped all of the nasty fluid. When she came out, Alec had a long 12 inches narrow dildo. He had her bend over, hold her ankles and he stuck the lubed plastic dick into her ass.
When he did she moaned, "Oh my god! That feels so good. Why didn't anyone tell me it felt this way?"
Alec laughed and replied, "Wait until I get my big dick in you. You'll be shaking with so many orgasms."
Pulling the dildo out, he looked it over and announced that she was squeaky clean. Then the fun began.
Bringing Amy over to the bed, he had her lean on her stomach with her cute ass hanging over the edge and her feet on the floor. He reached under her pelvic and gently raised her ass up to his level. Then he pushed his throbbing cock into her pussy for a minute, while he lubes her sphincter. He pulled out of her pussy as she moaned with displeasure and began to slowly inserting his cock in other ass. Once his helmet penetrated her opening, he pushed half way in.
"Wait a second Alec! Do it again! I missed the opening scene to the video." Jerry had his phone out capturing her virgin ass being defiled. He wanted a video of the whole event.
Alec pulled out and had Amy turn her head to look back. Jerry positioned himself to capture Alec cock going into her ass, as well as, her facial expressions as it did. As he slowly began his conquest of her ass, Amy had a smile on her face as his helmet penetrated her cavity. The farther he went in made her open her mouth and take deep breaths. You could see that she was in some sort of agony. Once he pushed all 9" of throbbing manhood in her, he stopped for a few seconds. Amy turned her head back and whimpered. Alec pulled all the way out and had Jerry capture his exit and how wide open her ass was. She looked back again with a distressed expression.
"Are you okay Amy," a concerned Alec said.
"Yes darling!" She responded. "You're just so big and I wasn't expecting the different sensations. I'll be all right in a moment."
Jerry stopped filming and Alec asked Amy if he should stop or continue making her an anal slut. She giggled and told him to try again. As Alec quickly penetrated her ass, Jerry whispered take 2 in the phone and started the video again. This time he started pumping her ass like he would her pussy, that is, hard and deep.
Instead of whimpering, she said, "Oh my god Alec! It feels really good. I'm getting used to the tingling in my ass and my pussy is getting wet. I'm going to cum!"
Alec pulled out and pushed it in her pussy and fucked that hole until she climax. Then as she was shaking, he pushed it back in her ass. He continued this alternating fucking her ass and pussy until she came twice more, as an energetic little slut. But he finally was ready to explode.
"I'm going to seed your ass Amy," he blurted.
She exclaimed, "Oh no! I want you to cum in my mouth. I love the taste of a man's sperm. And I haven't tasted you yet. Please!"
With a few more pumps, he pulled out and she move over to except his goo. Opening her mouth, Alec sprayed a huge sticky load in it. Some dripped down her chin as she tried to swallow as much as possible. Taking her fingers, she scooped up the excess and licked the semen off of it.
"You are very tasty Alec. Very yummy," she pronounced.
When she finished with Alec and was calming down, Jerry had her lay on her back. She scooted up in the middle of the bed and Jerry climbed on top. Spreading legs apart he entered her drenched orgasmic cunt and began speedily fucking her.
After some minutes, Alec said, "Jer lets double up on her."
"Okay Alec. How do you want her?" Jerry asked.
They moved her aside and Alec lay on his back. Amy facing away from him sat down with his cock impaling her ass. Once they started fucking, Jerry spread her legs apart leaned over her and pushed his throbbing rod into her pussy. They began alternating strokes going in and out of her ripe body. Looking into Amy's closed eyes and seeing her expression of gratification, he asked her how she was doing.
Loudly moaning she exclaimed, "I've never felt so crammed with cocks like this before. It's feels incredible! I can feel all of my sensation exploding at once. I love it!"
The guys laughed and continued their ravishing of naive Amy. After some 10 minutes, Jerry finally exploded just when Amy was having another orgasm. With Amy now free to move up and down on Alec large cock, made Alec explode into her enlarge anal cavity.
When he did, Amy whimpered, "You aren't done yet are you guys? I want more."
Jerry responded, "I guess we are beautiful. It's almost five and we are meeting everyone for dinner at 6."
Disappointed she grumbled, "But I was having so much fun."
She got up to go to the restroom. As she was standing up, her legs were weak and she had to sit down. Alec saw some of Jerry's semen dripping out. He grabbed a wine glass and told her to expel it in the glass. She did. Then she expelled Alec cum from her ass.
Looking at a half full glass of sperm, he handed to Amy and said, "There you are gorgeous. I know how much you like semen. Drink up."
She smiled and shrieked, "Yummy!" Putting the glass to her mouth, she began slurping the disgusting brew like it was her favorite drink. When it was empty, she titled the glass, swirled her tongue inside to get every tasty drop. When she finished, she handed the glass back to Alec, licked her lips and said, "Oh that was really scrumptious. Two flavors mixed together. Thanks!"
As she sat with her legs spread apart, Alec said, "Amy you are very attractive. You have a cute butt, nice legs, addicting smile and are one fantastic fuck. You're every guys dream girl. But the only thing that would make you even more appealing is some bigger tits. Now don't get me wrong yours work well when you are fucking. But your body would look so much better to entice more patrons, if you they a few sizes up. I'm a plastic surgeon working in Portland. It would be my honor to enhance them for you."
Amy looked at Jerry and back at Alec with a frown across her face. She just fucked both of them with her small tits. She closed her legs and got up. It was like high school all over again. But this time she had a guy who wanted to improve her looks. So she answered,
"Okay if David approves of me getting them. How big? What would I have to do and how much would they cost?"
Alec smiled and replied, "Nothing monetary Amy. Just come up and stay a month at my place and party with a few of my friends after you recoup. That's it. You pick how big you want to go. I'm guessing at least a C-cup but you would be perfect with a D-cup. What are your measurements anyway?"
She smiled and told him that she wears size 2 clothes. She is 34A-22-34. Then she asked if she had to get another wardrobe to fit the bigger boobs in.
Jerry laughed and interjected, "No Amy. Your new tits will look great popping out from under anything you wear. Suzy had hers done 2 years ago and Lisa was 3. Alec does on great job. You can't even tell that they're fake. I really hope you go for it."
Alec then said, "If you want to see what bigger boobs look like, I have a temporary solution that I can inject in your breast that will plump them up a half size. It will dissipate in a week or so, but should look great the rest of the weekend. I can do that now for you and it's perfectly safe."
Amy giggled and enthusiastically said, "Oh that would be great. How big do you thing they will get?"
That is different with every person," Alec answered. "But let's do you. Lay down on your back."
She did. He went and got his silver case. It had a syringe and 6 vials of some yellow liquid. He took two and sucked its contents out with the needle. He came over to her, wiped around her nipple with disinfected, and began shooting the liquid into he breast until it was all gone. Then he did the same to the other breast. When he finished he told her it would take a few hours to see any effect but by tomorrow morning the full effect will occur.
"Okay guys, we got to get ready for dinner," Jerry blurted. "So get your clothes, go back to your room and get ready. Remember we are meeting down at the Biscayne for dinner. I already made reservations." Laughing he said, "If you see Lisa, send her back here for me Amy."
Amy quickly dressed and went to her room. When she walked in, David had Lisa on all fours fucking her. She watched for a minute and then said, "Jerry wants you back to get ready for dinner."
Lisa moaned, "Okay;" but instead, pushed back on David's cock.
Amy watched for a few minutes and looked at Lisa's boobs. They looked nice dangling under her as her husband pounded Lisa's cunt. Then she grinned and thought, "I hope mine will look as good." Afterwards she went to take a nice cooling shower.
Dinner was fun. Everyone was laughing and having a great time, except Alec and Mandy never showed. Just as they were about to leave to get ready for the swingers lingerie party, the four guys from the pool came in. Amy smiled and went up to Clinton and said hi. Then looking at Lea's black and blue nose and eyes, she asked what happened.
He looked at her and nastily answered, "Fucking you Bitch!"
"Oh my," Amy exclaimed. "What did I have to do with you breaking your nose?"
Jerry grabbed Amy's arm and took her away before Lea could answer. "All I did was let him fuck me and he did it really rough hurting me. I just don't get it!"
David over heard her griping. So he walked up to Lea, tapped him on his shoulder. When Lea turned around, David sucker punched him. Clinton immediately jumped in and David knocked Clinton down with a leg kick to the groan. The other two stopped. Then David yelled, "That's what you all get for fucking my wife and then bragging about it. Anyone else want some?" The other two guys shook their heads no.
He turned to walk away as Clinton hollered back, "Your slut wife was a very good fuck too. I can't wait to see the video that Lea took going up on U-tube. "
Once Amy and David got back to the room, he had calmed down. Turning to Amy he said, "Did you know they made a sex tape of you?"
Starting to tear up, she said, "No darling I didn't. I bet they were lying. He's getting married next week and if there was a sex tape, he would probably get in trouble or something worst." David seemed happier about the comment.
Taking a white bag from one of the booths, he showed Amy what he bought for her to wear at the event.