Thank you to Sexyvibe for his awesome assistance with editing my story!
***
"Where are we going?" Chad asked Alice. He was nursing a beer, and stumbling a little, as Alice pulled him by the wrist.
"Booth. We are going to play a game," Alice replied.
"Game?" Chad questioned.
"Remember the game 'Truth or Dare'?"
"Ha, ha! Yes! It's been years!"
"It's like that. New rules though. You can order me to do anything you want, but you have to answer a question for every dare you give me," Alice explained, reaching the booth in the back.
"Who goes first?" Chad exclaimed, eager to begin.
"You," Alice whispered, coyly. She placed her hands on Chad's chest and pushed him playfully into the booth seat. She straddled his lap, and nibbled his ear flirtatiously. Alice hoped Eric was watching her toy with Chad.
"Frisky! I like it," Chad grinned, running his hands all over her naked body.
"Tell me what to do," Alice cooed in his ear.
"Behind the gaming section is a wooden box. It's all black and is filled with sex toys. I want you to get a butt plug out of it, and ask the first person you see to put it in you," Chad dared, mischievously.
"Butt plug?" Alice asked, slightly embarrassed.
"Get the purple one. Its smaller and is shaped like a mini traffic cone."
Alice nodded, and dismounted the man. She made sure to sway her hips, making her ass jiggle, as she found the box.
The case had dildos, vibrators, lubes, cuffs, cleaners, and a variety of other things Alice couldn't identify. They were all brand new and still in their cases. She found the object Chad described and looked it over. It was rubber and cone shaped, with an abrupt end so it looked like a suction cup with a trunk. She grabbed a bottle of lube, took a deep breath, and turned around.
She headed towards the blackjack table with determination. Her heels made a hard click-clack sound with every step. Alice put on her most confident grin as she neared a group of gamblers.
"Excuse me boys," Alice cleared her throat audibly. She was completely nude between her choker and heels, which caused a lot of heads to turn.
"I need some help with this," Alice pretended to be shy, and held up the toy and lube for them to see.
One man quickly stood up, proclaiming: "I'll do it!"
Alice giggled at his excitement, and noticed a few disappointed faces. She handed over both objects to a thin man with a handlebar mustache. He had muddy brown hair and eyes, and he wore a pin stripe suit. Alice wished he had a monocle to finish the ensemble.
"Please be gentle. It's my first time," Alice asked, with as much sweetness as she could muster. She bent over the blackjack table and spread her legs for the man.
There was some hooting and hollering as her new mustached friend dripped the lube onto her ass hole. Alice made "oooohh" sounds for added theatrics.
"You ready sweet girl?" Mustache Man asked.
"Yes, please!" Alice called out.
Mustache Man slowly placed the tip of the plug at her entrance. Alice tried to relax as he spun the object to gain entry. She felt her ass expand around the object, and cried out. Mustache stopped to check on her, but didn't remove the toy.
"Oohhh. Please, keep going!" Alice pleaded.
He slid the rest of the purple plug into her. She gasped loudly at the amazing surge it gave her when the bulbous end popped into her. She turned and stood, wrapping her arms around the pinstripe clad man. She thanked him, and planted a tiny kiss on his cheek.
Without another word, she sauntered back to Chad, feeling the eyes staring at her back. She had to walk carefully, for with each step she felt the object pulling and pushing. She loved the way it felt, and mentally noted to get her own.
When she reached Chad, she turned away from him to show her compliance. She bent over, with her thighs pressed together and shook her ass, the plug proudly showing above her pussy lips. She was noticeably wet, even with just a sliver of her slit showing in that position.
"Damn! Nice show!" Chad cheered at her. He reached out and pressed on the circular part of the plug. She felt her pussy gush at the sensation, but ignored it. She had a mission and couldn't let this sexy man ruin it.
"Tell me how you know Eric," Alice asked, standing up. She took the spot next to him, and put her legs on his lap.
"Currently, we work together, but I've known him my whole life. He grew up across the street from me. We were friends as kids, but we had very different families, which ultimately tore us apart. He's a strange dude, but we have always been very competitive. He's got to be hating the amount of attention I'm getting from you. He went ballistic at me when he got back, yesterday." Chad explained.
"So, how did you both end up here?" Alice pressed.
"Not so fast, missy! I think you owe me another dare," Chad said, running his hands up and down her thighs.
Alice pouted, making Chad laugh.
"I dare you to interrupt BJ, and get her and the guy she is talking to, to come back here," Chad said.
Alice saw BJ leaning against the bar flirting with a muscular man. He had a short buzz cut, and a perfect tan. He was hot, but looked high maintenance.
"Answer my question first. We won't be able to talk once they are here," Alice asked.
"Fine. This room is owned by the place Eric and I work for. The bar is basically a front. We use this place to earn extra. Business hasn't been great and Bobby, our boss, came up with the idea. Bobby is Bill's brother, and the bar was owned by the family. Eric and I alternate the nights we come to oversee things. But when he paraded you around earlier, I couldn't resist. I was surprised when Eric said he found someone new, who was eager to start right away. You don't seem the type to take money for this at all," Chad revealed.
If Chad knew she wasn't here by choice, he wasn't letting on to it. She nodded her head at the new info, and stood up to begin her next dare. Alice felt Chad smack her ass as she stood up, making the plug send another wave of tingles through her.
On her way to BJ, she was able to see Eric in the crowd. He was intently watching her, an angry red look on his face. Alice imagined him as a cartoon character with steam coming out of his ears.
"Hey guys!" Alice started, when she reached her destination.
"Hey! How's it going? Having fun?" BJ was bouncing up and down, as she spoke.
"Chad and I are kinda lonely in the corner over there! Come join us," Alice hoped there wouldn't be much persuading to do.
"I don't know. Bobby Joe is offering me a really good time right now. Not sure I want to pass that up," Muscle Man stated.
"Bobby Joe is amazing solo, but four hands and tits are better than two," Alice tried. She winked at BJ, hoping to get some help.
"Come on Mickey! This will be fun! Alice is already naked, so you know she's down for whatever!" BJ chimed in.
Alice needed this to work. She needed answers from Chad, and this was the only way. In an effort to seal the deal, she grabbed BJ by the waist and kissed her.
She took Bobby Joe's hands and put them on her breasts, while sliding her tongue into BJ's mouth. BJ reacted right away and played with Alice's nipples. Alice sucked on BJ's bottom lip and pulled her closer. BJ kissed Alice back passionately, massaging their tongues together. Alice wanted to taste every part of her. She lowered her hands to BJ's ass and pressed their hips together.
She reached one hand up, and pulled BJ's top down, their breasts now bouncing against each other. Alice squeezed BJ's ass and tits simultaneously, losing herself in their kiss.
"Ok! Let's go! You convinced me!" Mickey yelled, throwing his hands up! Alice pulled back and looked into BJ's eyes. They both grinned at the same time.
Both girls giggled and held hands, as Alice showed them the way back. She introduced the men to each other, and Alice and BJ sat between the two men. Alice looked at Chad to see his next move. Chad smirked, and leaned in, next to her ear.
"I want to see your sexy lips on her pussy. I need to fuck you very soon. Get those two things done and you get two questions."
Alice grinned. Not only was she going to get some answers, but she was going to get Eric back by fucking his nemesis.
"Hey BJ, do your shorts have a zipper on them?" Alice asked, tickling BJ's thighs.
"Maybe!" BJ teased.
Alice patted the spot on the table in front of her, motioning for BJ to hop on. BJ happily obliged, and Mickey scooted over. BJ spread her thighs for Alice, placing one of her feet in the laps of either man.
Alice ran her finger along the seam that split the shorts. BJ lifted her bottom slightly so Alice could reach the zipper at the back, and Alice quickly spread the seam open.
BJ's pussy was a shiny, red color. She had a rectangular landing strip that perfectly outlined her swollen, wet folds. Her clit was peeking out at the top, begging to be sucked.
Alice wrapped her tongue around the little bud and wiggled it around. Her right hand explored the wet entrance to BJ's pussy. Alice wrapped her lips around BJ's clit and licked her with long strokes. She slid her fingers into BJ, while finding Chad's lap with the other. She unzipped Chad's pants and pulled his cock out.
She removed her right hand from BJ and pulled Mickey's basketball shorts down. She slid her tongue down the length of BJ's pussy, licking her up and down, as she released Mickey's dick from his pants.
Alice's fingers were already slick from BJ's cunt, so they slid smoothly up and down Mickey's shaft. She moved her mouth back up to suck on BJ's clit some more, so Alice's left hand could finger her. Once Alice's left hand was soaked, she returned it to Chad's expectant member.
Alice continued to lick BJ's sweet little cunt, while jerking off both men. She was getting dangerously wet from the plug in her ass, and listening to three different people moan.
Alice was a virgin to all bi-sexual behavior. She liked how BJ's pussy tasted, and how smoothly her tongue slid all over it. She especially enjoyed swirling her tongue over BJ's clitoris, making BJ wiggle and gasp. She continued to suck and tease the little button between every few licks.
Chad put his hand on Alice's, signaling for her to stop stroking him. Alice felt him put his hands on her hips and pull up.
"Get on your knees, and let me get under you," Chad told Alice. Alice did so, simultaneously taking some time to cup Mickey's balls.
Alice felt the tip of Chad's cock pressing at her wet entrance, as he settled between her legs.
Mickey stood up and climbed on top of the table, positioning himself so his cock was resting on BJ's lips.
"Show me how bad you want it," Chad, taunted Alice.
Alice moved her hips down hard, sliding all of Chad's cock inside of her. Her whimpers were muffled by BJ's swollen pussy lips. She was so sore from the last 24 hours of on and off fucking. With the plug in her ass, it made her hole tiny. Alice enjoyed the mix of pain and the new surges of pleasure from having both her holes filled. She bounced hard on Chad's lap, feeling her ass jiggle. Chad played with the toy in her ass, pulling and pushing on it as she fucked him.
Alice had to concentrate on eating BJ's pussy, between her screams. She reached up and pinched one of BJ's nipples. BJ grabbed Alice's hand and placed it on her breast, wanting her to continue.
Alice could hear BJ gagging on Mickey's cock. He was on his knees fucking her face, his balls slapping at her chest. Alice caressed BJ's soft tit, plucking at the nipple. She was only sucking on her clit at this point, dying to taste this sexy girl's cum in her mouth.
Alice was close to exploding too. Chad leaned down and sank his teeth into one of Alice's voluptuous ass cheeks, while smacking the other at the same time. She felt her orgasm building, but slowed down her thrusts.
She wiggled one of her fingers into BJ's tiny butt hole. She sucked, and flicked her clit as fast as she could. BJ pressed her hips up and rocked them into Alice's face. She could see BJ's chest rise and fall as BJ's pussy soaked Alice's face. Alice wished BJ didn't have a mouth full of dick, so she could hear this sweet girl's oohs and ahhs.
When BJ slowed down, Alice sat up completely. She leaned back against Chad's chest, and pressed the palms of her hands onto the back his hands. She laced her fingers into his, and moved one hand to her chest and the other to her pussy. She turned her face to his, and gave him a long, sensual kiss. She wanted him to taste delicious cum of the girl in front of them.
She started riding him again, in long hard thrusts. She guided his hands, showing him how she wanted to be touched. She pressed his fingers onto her own clit and rocked them up and down. She moved her own hand down to feel his cock sliding towards in and out of her. She wanted the intimacy of their sex to be visible.
Her orgasm starting building up again. She stopped kissing him and turned to look into the sea of men staring at them. They had attracted a small crowd of a dozen or so. Alice liked putting on a show for them, and wished a few would come closer. She hated that she wanted Eric's hands on her.
She knew he would be watching, and all she had to do was find him. She locked eyes with him, and her orgasm shot through her instantly.
Alice's ears began to ring, as she screamed out. Chad's cock pulsating in her, as her pussy squirted all over him. It was the most intense feeling she had ever felt. She cursed, and moaned, and continued to ride him as every part of her body seemed to tingle. Chad pulled the plug out of her ass, and she felt one final wave of bliss wash over her.
Alice grinned, as she watched the mix of anger and hurt on Eric's face. She slowed her pace, as she felt Chad let go of her and lean back. He made a half-hearted slap on her ass cheek and groaned.
Alice had gained two massive victories. She had defied her no orgasm rules and gained valuable information about her "commander."
Strangers-3
Alice-3
Alice's ears kept ringing, and she felt light headed. Her mouth felt dry, and the edges of her vision started to go black.
"Shi-," she started to curse, falling back into Chad's chest.
The last thing she saw, before the room went black, was Eric rushing towards her.
***
Alice woke up groggy. It was bright in her room, and she could hear Eric's voice arguing down the hall. She sat up slowly, and looked at her wall clock to check the time. It was well into the afternoon!
Alice's entire body was sore, and standing up was a daunting task. She was surprised to see that she had clothes on, and her hair had been braided. She carefully tip-toed to her closet, remembering the prize that waited for her.
Eric's wallet didn't have much in it, but she only wanted one piece of information. She scanned through the card holder until she found his ID. She quickly found a pen, and jotted down his address on the back of a magazine. After hiding the magazine, she placed the wallet under the bed, where they had fucked last.
She climbed back into bed, and closed her eyes
Eric entered the room shortly after. The bed creaked as he sat down opposite Alice, and she could hear him take his shoes off.
She heard him unzip and remove his pants. Her body rolled back a little, as he lay down next to her. She felt his entire body spoon against her, and his arm draped over her. He held her close, as if trying to make her feel safe. She could smell his cologne, and she felt how toned his calves were, where his legs touched hers. She could hear his strong heartbeat, which felt soothing against her body.
Alice was taken aback at the romantic gesture, her words caught in her mouth. She felt his fingertips climbing up her arm, making little contact, like when a butterfly lands on your skin.
Eric's hand reached hers and he interlaced their fingers. He placed his nose into her hair, breathing deeply. Calmly he spoke into her ear: "You shouldn't have done that shit with him."
Eric pulled Alice's arm up, and quickly cuffed it to the bedpost. He reached down and grabbed her ass.
"Rest up, sweet Alice. This is mine later," Eric whispered. Moments later, he was snoring.
"Fuck," Alice murmured.
(To be continued)