I got a text on my phone while I was at work from Joey telling me to stop by after work for a PT session at 5:00, which was kind of odd, but beginning to know Joey, not too odd. I texted back that I would be there, even though I was not scheduled for a PT session. I have learned that she can schedule me and not be charged to my insurance, so I assumed this was probably going to be interesting.
I arrived at the appointed time, gym bag in tow, not knowing what to expect, but there was Joey, with this mischievous grin on her face, ushering me to one of the back exam rooms that I hadn't been in before. Without explanation, I was told to strip and lay face up on the table. "You won't need your gym clothes."
"What about a towel?" I asked.
"Since when did you get all modest on me?" she replied. "OK, get one from the wall cabinet. I'll be right back."
As I strip and lay down, I was intrigued by the sound of people in the hall outside my door. With a professional knock and brief delay before she opened the door, in walks Joey with a group of three women in matching scrubs. "OK, this might be fun," I thought.
"We have a new group of nurses joining the company to start up a new service we will start providing," Joey announced. "I immediately volunteered you as a subject for their practical experience. Starting next month, our practice will be offering laser hair removal. You and Angie will be some of the test subjects for the different areas the new nurses will be doing. Ashley will be overseeing Judy and Tess to get them up to speed on lasering men and women. They've had the laser machine's classes, and now need some practical experience."
"What areas?" I asked.
"Chest to toe", Joey said with a grin. "You obviously like the smooth look, so I thought you wouldn't mind a few sessions to help you eliminate your shaving routine."...knowing full well she was the reason for my smooth hairless body, but she was playing along for the women in the room.
"Oh, but I thought you needed several weeks between sessions," I replied.
"We do wait," chimed in Ashley, "but we will compress the time schedule the way we do it for training. The machine we'll use on you today will get about 60% of your hair, and since you have agreed to be a test subject, we will finish your treatments over the next few months free of charge. The next session will be in two weeks. We'll give you some cream to spread on when you get home that will force the dormant hairs into an active cycle. With our newer lasers, you will be pleasantly pleased with the first two sessions and you should see maybe 90% hair reduction with just the two sessions. Then we will have three more sessions to get all of the stragglers. Shaving will be a thing of the past."
"I'll leave you in Ashley's capable hands," Joey said as she was leaving. "But I think I will bring in some of the other nurses who might want to earn some extra money by adding this proficiency to their resumes." Of course, she left the door open as she left. I should have known.
"Alright, let's get started," Ashely said flatly. "Judy, you can do his chest and arms. Tess, you can do his pubic area, shaft, scrotum, and anus. Then you each can do a butt cheek and leg. We'll finish up with each doing part of his back and each doing an armpit. You can watch the other work and ask questions along the way." Finally, looking at me, she said, "OK, are you ready? When did you last shave?"
"Yesterday evening", I replied.
"That's perfect." Seeing my wide eyed look, she added, "Don't worry, we'll take breaks along the way. We should be done in a couple of hours. The gel we use has some numbing effect. You'll do fine."
"OK, Judy, start applying the gel to both arms from shoulder to hand. Tess, to give the gel some time to numb a little more, go ahead and apply your gel to all of the next areas. We'll do a full Brazilian, just like they showed you at the company training."
"You'll need to lose the towel for us to gel you up. Joey said you wouldn't have a problem with that." Then without any delay in waiting for my response, Ashley simply lifted the towel and laid it on the end of the bed.
"Nice abs. Joey was right that you would be nice eye candy for us to work on. And since you are already sporting an erection, this is a good time to remind Judy and Tess to tell their male clients that it's OK, and it is expected. Plus, it makes it easier to apply the gel and get all the hairs off your shaft. I assure you though that the pain of the laser probably will take that away in just a few minutes."
My mind and my emotions were on overdrive. I really didn't realize I had a boner until she took the towel off. I should have known I would be erect with the situation and the women. The therapy firm must have some sort of secret code to be able to hire good looking nurses. Ashley was a tall brunette, around my age, with her long hair tied back in a ponytail, probably 5'-8", maybe 130 pounds, firm C cup. Her dark blue scrubs fit her butt like a glove. Her flat stomach and broad shoulders suggested she worked out...maybe even swam. Nice tan. I was very curious to see if she had tan lines! I wondered if Joey would bring her swimming one morning. Even though she was a little older that Judy and Tess, she was a looker!
Judy was probably just barely 21 years old. Short cropped brown hair, and not quite as tall as Ashley, she was probably 5'-7", 110 pounds. It was not apparent how large her breasts were, but probably a B cup in a sports bra. She wore the same dark blue scrubs, but hers were very form fitting. I didn't know scrubs came like that! Her top was tailored to accentuate her flat stomach and small waist. Her butt was firm and full and the pants hugged her form from waist to her knees before there was any extra material. Her blue eyes and beautiful looks added to the excitement I felt.
Tess was also very young, maybe a year or two older than Judy. Her dark brown hair very short, like an athlete who got her hair wet a lot and just didn't want to have to bother with it. If one of the three was going to be handling my package, she would have been my choice. Gorgeous blue eyes in a perfect angelic face. 5'-6", maybe 100 pounds, same tight dark blue scrubs that Judy was wearing. Her tailored scrubs showed her form perfectly. She must have been a gymnast or a swimmer. Small breasts, but broad shoulders, flat stomach, small hands, and a nice tan.
Judy tilted the head portion of the bed up so I could sit up and lean back and then began her gelling. It was cold, I was told to help protect the skin from overheating from the laser. Nothing sensuous about lathering up my arms and chest. When Judy finished with the gel bottle, she handed it to Tess.
"Are you ready?" Tess asked.
"As ready as I'll ever be," I replied.
Looking at my boner, she smiled and replied, "So I see," and gave me a smile and a wink. "I'll start at the stomach and the 'Happy Trail' and work my way down." Happy Trail being the pubic hair a lot of folks have showing between their navel down to their pubic area. With that, she splatted a large mound of gel just below my navel. Taking her ungloved hand, she started spreading down my stomach and then fanned it out on my pubic mound and bathing suit area.
Taking my erection in her other hand, she proceeded to stroke the gel on...probably a few times more than necessary... but I enjoyed it. Squirting another pile of gel on my scrotum, she proceeded to spread the cold gel down and around to my anus. The cold gel immediately caused my balls and scrotum to react and start tightening up in her hand. "Sorry," she smiled.
"Lift your knees to your chest so I can get your butt crack and then I'm done until Judy finishes her part," Tess instructed. Doing as I was told, she continued to apply the gel between my butt cheeks and then she touched my foot with the clear motion for me to relax and put my legs back down.
After the two beautiful nurses had slathered me up and gave me some protective glasses to wear, Ashley quickly went over the settings on a machine that I hadn't noticed when I first came in. If you have never had laser hair removal, it really does feel like a rubber band snapped on your skin. It was definitely enough to shock my system and deflate my hard on. The arms and chest were no major event, but when Judy handed the device over to Tess, I knew this would be different.
It was at this point in time Joey decided to bring in some of the other nurses to observe. It was Angie and one other therapist I hadn't seen before. Her name was Elizabeth. They were both very interested in my procedure...especially now that the object of the laser was my package. I was in my element and enjoying the new additions right up until Tess fired the first laser pulse onto my manhood...good feelings gone! Happy trail on my stomach...zapped and gone. Pubic hair and base of my shaft...zapped and gone. I'm sweating like I just ran two miles and Tess said, "do you need a break?"
"Yes," I said...obviously out of breath.
Tess said something to effect that my erection was gone and the hair on the shaft was easier to get to when it was erect. Angie came to the rescue. "I'll get him hard again!"
Ashley frowned, but said, "normally I wouldn't allow it, but since this is only practice, I think our volunteer client deserves a little bonus."
Joey interjected, "Since Angie is your next volunteer client and we're doing the same areas as we're doing to him, why don't we let him rest and start with her on the other bed? Angie, strip and get on the other table."
"Can't I help him with his erection first?" Angie said.
"Oh, I think you will see a nice recovery when he sees you naked and up on the table and Judy and Tess are gelling you up. If he isn't hard when his turn comes again, you can help. How about that?" Joey suggested.
As Ashley looked over to me..."Works for me," I chimed in. "My nerves...and my manhood... need a break."
Before I could even finish speaking, Angie had pulled her sun dress over her head and was already heading for the other table, but not before reaching over and grabbing my shrunken erection and giving me a squeeze. Of course, she wasn't wearing a bra or panties. "Take a break, big boy," she cooed and winked. "I won't need a towel, either. Let's get this party started!"
"Well, OK, then!" Ashley said. "I assume you know each other! Doesn't anybody tan with bathing suits on any more? You two look so toned and tanned. I wish all our clients look as sexy as you two do! Joey, do you have any more volunteers like this for us to practice on?"
"I'll see what I can do," Joey said with a wink.
As the attention turned to getting Angie prepped for her first procedures, I couldn't help but admire my swimming partner and her long, beautiful form. Our workouts were having the proper effect. As she brought her legs off the floor to lay down on the table, her tight, visible, six pack abs were very obvious. Her breasts barely changed form as Angie went from vertical to horizontal. Her nipples were hard and erect and it wasn't from the temperature in the room! I saw Ashley and Tess glance at each other and smile. Angie's labia lips were already engorged and flowering out slightly. Her clitoral hood was starting to poke out from her vaginal folds and there was slight moisture already glistening on her outer lips. Her nipples were hard and erect. She was definitely excited and enjoying the attention.
Tess and Judy seemed to take their time slathering the gel on Angie's arms, and around her pussy lips and pubic mound, almost like an erotic massage. They even gelled her chest and breasts. I had turned on my side with my head up to watch, which definitely helped my erection. With all the erotic gel application going on, and watching Angie get excited, I was hard in no time. I couldn't help but absentmindedly stroke my slicked-up cock. Joey caught my efforts and just smiled at me, while the other women engaged with Angie. "Go-ahead and finish," she mouthed. "No one seems to be watching you."
When Tess got to the part of having Angie lifting her legs so she could gel her puckered rosebud and butt crack, I think everyone in the room was straining to get a good look. Angie played the part to the max and pulled her knees up to her ears, even lifting her butt off the table, giving everyone in the room a great view. She was definitely in exhibition mode. Her contracting stomach muscles under her toned and tan skin with gel slathered all over her were just what I needed to climax. My climaxing noises did divert everyone's' attention to me briefly.
"We don't need any more gel on you," Tess mockingly scolded. "Angie will definitely need to get you hard after that big a load you just shot. We were trying to let you stop sweating...and you're not helping."
A weak "sorry" was all I could think of...but it was worth it.
Being able watch Judy and Tess work on Angie and see Angie's noticeable arousal was a great show for me and all of the women in the room. All too soon, they were finished with lasering her front and were toweling the remaining gel lovingly off Angie's breasts, chest, and crotch ...taking great care to get the gel out of each fold of her vagina and butt crack...then it was my turn again.
"Ready?" Tess asked.
"Not really, but I guess we will anyway," I answered.
"Angie, it looks like he will need some help," Tess noticed. "He hasn't recovered his erection from him cumming so much while watching you. Since you were the cause of the mess, I'll need you to clean him up some, too," she scolded.
Angie was not quite ready to help. In her best sultry look, she sat up on the table, locked eyes with me, slipped her right hand between her legs, easily sinking two fingers all the way in her leaking snatch and stated to all in the room, "Me first. I'm so horny from all this I can't stand it! Besides, this might help him anyway! If I'm going to have to clean up for him, I might as well clean up for me, too."
With the nurses slack jawed and open mouthed, Angie proceeded to work her love hole with one hand. Leaning forward, she borrowed some gel from my dick, then leaned back against the wall behind her while still sitting on the exam table, and used my gel to play with her nipples with the greased up left hand. Joey was grinning from ear to ear as Ashley's and Tess' faces visibly flushed red and I could tell they were squeezing their legs together and seemed to have a problem catching their breath. Very soon, Angie stopped moving, pressed the palm of her right hand firmly against her pubic bone, and shivered to a nice orgasm of her own.
That's all I needed! With my erection restored, Angie smiled, licked her two fingers, picked up one of the towels, cleaned off her juices from her crotch and thigh, and then reach over and mopped my cum off of the table.
I guess my nether regions were adequately numb by this time and while having Tess hold my erection in her hand while she zapped my shaft and balls will be a visual I plan on using for my own pleasure later, the process went without incident. Holding my legs to my chest, Tess then proceeded to get my rosebud, "taint", and butt crack...much to Angie's and the nurses amusement.
Judy and Tess then each applied gel and then lasered a leg on me and a leg on Angie while we laid on our backs. My dick didn't get fully hard, but it was inflated enough to make me proud! Watching Angie have her legs done with her legs spread apart was very erotic. She was leaning back against the raised section of the head of the table, with her arms behind her, grabbing the sides of the table, which thrust her breasts and her very erect nipples forward in full display. She was obviously enjoying showing off her body. The nurses...and me...were enjoying the show. Her labia lips were still puffy and open from her earlier masturbation efforts and her juices were visibly leaking onto the exam table. The aroma in the room was intoxicating!
We each then had our armpits lasered. That was an interesting feeling. In fact, while Judy was lasering one of my armpits, Tess had her hand on my upper thigh. Her fingertips were touching my erection as it laid on my leg. When Judy was lasering one of Angie's armpits, Tess was sitting on my exam table with her arms behind her, stroking my rising erection.
Since Angie said she didn't have any back hair, she laid on her side while I rolled over on my stomach to have my back and butt and the rest of my legs done. I had my arms under my chin, resting my head on them, with my head turned so I could watch Angie and talk with the nurses as they did the remaining procedures. Leaning on one arm, Angie was very obviously playing with herself with the other while locking eyes with me. Every so often, she would retract her hand and lick her fingers. The view was driving me crazy. Laying on my stomach, I had to lift my butt to free up and adjust my hard on several times...much to Angie's amusement.
With the last bit of lasering done, both of our exhibitionist tendencies were in overdrive! During all of the procedures we stayed naked and were on full display for almost five hours with five clothed women in the room, including each of us being able to masturbate to climax in front of the group. I was rock hard just thinking back on the entire evening.
Still naked, Ashley explained skin care and precautions we needed to do for the next few days. She emphasized staying out of the sun. Since Elizabeth had not gone to the training, yet, Ashley asked her if she had any questions. Elizabeth said that she didn't, but I think she was more shell shocked than anything.
Ashley gave us a tube of hydrocortisone, which she said would work wonders in soothing the red bumps that were visible all over both our bodies where the hair follicles were zapped. She also gave us a tube of follicle accelerator to put on daily for the next two weeks before our next laser session. She then offered, "Since you seem to know each other so well, you two can put the cream on each other if you wish before you get dressed, or one of us can put it on for you."
Angie cut off the conversation. "We'll do each other! No problem."
Ashley smiled knowingly and said, "I would say take your time getting dressed, but it's 10:00, so to hurry up things, why don't y'all get started while we clean up the room. He can't get his back and you didn't have yours done, Angie, so why don't you start there."
"OK" Angie cooed. And with that, she hopped off the table; had me stand facing away from her while she applied the cream to my tingling back, legs, and butt. Then, unexpectedly, she spooned up to me, reached around and started coating my cock and balls while wiggling around in the back.
"I can spread it on my front from his back! It'll be a time saver," Angie stated.
It definitely was a good show, because even with so many nurses in the room, the place didn't get cleaned up very fast. Angie then reloaded her hands with the cream and worked my chest and arms while still spooning her boobs into my back and her crotch into my butt.
"Turn around and you can do me," Angie announced. (Boy, I wanted to "do her", but not like she meant.) "Creaming me, silly," she emphasized with a wink. "No, that didn't come out right, either!"
I loaded up my hands with the cream and kneeling down with my nose crotch high to her, proceeded to work the cream into the folds of her outer lips, between her legs and down both legs. As she widened her stance, I reloaded my hand with the cream and worked it into her "taint", rosebud, and butt crack. As I was reaching thru her legs to reach her butt and butt crack, I was leaning in where my mouth was right in front of her engorged clit...and so I took a lick! Angie shivered...good idea, but bad result. I got a tongue full of Hydrocortisone cream. She smelled great, but the medicine tasted horrible!
Joey then interjected, "Come on...we need to leave and lock up. Get dressed and continue this later."
That cut our play time short, but it was obvious Joey knew what she was authorizing. We were both good sports in her game and she was giving us permission to spend some time alone together.
Angie pulled on her sun dress, announcing proudly, "I'm ready! We can finish with the hydrocortisone in just a little while."
Ashley, Elizabeth, Tess, and Judy finished cleaning the equipment and the tables and said their goodbyes while I reached for my clothes. Tess smiled, put her hand on my still bare butt and said, "I hope to see you again soon."
As the other women left the room, Joey held us back and said, "You were both good sports, so as you might have already concluded, I'm OK with you two having a night together to cut all the pent up sexual energy I'm sensing. Just don't make a habit of it. I just said to get dressed for the benefit of the other nurses. As your payment for the privilege, give me all of your clothes. Wait for these nurses to leave the building and then you guys go home naked and stay that way until I see you in the morning."
Knowing that it was useless to argue, and since I had lucked out and had parked really close to the front of the building, I nodded in the affirmative. Angie pulled her sundress up and over her head. Then she and I handed our clothes to Joey.
After a few minutes, the coast was clear, Angie and I made our way out the front door to our cars. This parking lot is well lit at night. I wasn't planning on that part. Angie, though, just strode out the door like she owned the place. "Meet me around back," Angie suggested. "No sense driving both our cars. I'll just ride home with you...that is, if I'm staying the night."
"Well, of course you are," I said. "No sense wasting energy. I think we'll both need the extra energy in the morning to get thru our laps."
Did I say how much I love my therapists?