The usual disclaimers apply, the story contains incest and sexual scenes so if you are likely to be offended by this please don't read any further.
The characters are over 18, the persons and events described are entirely fictional. The author reserves all rights to the story and its reproduction with the exception of Literotica.
All feedback is appreciated and if you like the story please rate it in the comments section.
*****
Chapter 14
The next few days passed in a daze as Bobby and Alison prepared for their holiday, his mom seemed to have decided to hang up her misgivings for now and was happy and carefree as they packed and got their shopping. They had an added boost when they received an email from Cynthia informing them she had a manufacturer who was interested in producing Bobby's mould as a sex toy, they'd even decided to use the name 'Penis de Milo'. The company agreed to pay an advance so with her new salary as the Manager of the Clinic and the payment for Bobby's mould Alison decided to book first class tickets and the best suite at the hotel. If this was going to be the last time she and Bobby were going to be together like this she wanted it to be special. She rationalised this as a chance for Bobby to get it out of his system, and she figured with all the women at the resort Bobby might even find himself a new girl.
They travelled down on an afternoon flight with a champagne meal on the plane and a limo to meet them at the airport. The weather on the Gulf coast was hot but in the cool air-conditioned comfort of a limo Bobby and Alison were able to sit back and relax. His mom looked radiant in a white summer dress, unbuttoned far enough to show some cleavage. She was wearing one of her push up bras that made her boobs look amazing, he gazed at the creamy melons as they jiggled and wobbled like two plates of jello every time the limo ran over a bump in the road. Fortunately for Bobby the roads down here in Mexico were pretty rough so he was treated to the sight of his mom's boobs wobbling almost constantly. He imagined those big heavy tits swinging in his face while his mom rode his dick and he felt himself grow hard in his pants.
"What a lovely view!" his mom remarked watching the palm trees and beach go by the window.
"It sure is!" remarked Bobby as they hit another pothole and his mom's boobs did another dance of their own.
"How would you know you're not even looking... oh I see." She noticed his gaze on her breasts but didn't try to cover herself. "Men, you really are all the same."
"Sorry mom, it's not my fault if I've got the hottest girl in the world for company."
"Bobby..." she hissed looking at the driver, Bobby glanced but the privacy screen was up and he didn't seem to be taking any notice.
"Sorry Alison, anyway I'm REALLY enjoying the view." As he said this he reclined in his seat so his crotch slid forward and the outline of his hard dick was clearly visible in his pants.
"Bobby, we're not even at the hotel yet!"
"Sorry, guess I'm already in holiday mode. Why don't you join me?"
He patted the seat next to him. She looked nervously at the driver who seemed to be paying them no notice at all and slid across to join Bobby, so they were both sitting with their back to the driver. He put his arm around her shoulder and drew her to him, tenderly kissing her on the lips. She hesitated and then returned his kiss, making out like a teenager on a prom date in the back seat. He ran his hand up and squeezed her boobs through her dress and bra, noticing the way they bulged out of her dress as he groped them. She moaned and make a token effort to stop him at first but as he kissed her and squeezed her breasts she soon began to return his passion and couldn't restrain herself from running her hand over his hard chest. As they continued making out like horny teenagers she let her hand slide down onto his lap and the iron hard column of meat that throbbed in Bobby's pants. She could feel his cock bucking and throbbing through his underwear and pants as she squeezed and rubbed it, she let her fingers run up the thick, impossibly long shaft till she found the swollen head and playfully ran her fingers around it, feeling it harden even more. She delighted in feeling his cock dance and respond to her touch even through his pants and ran her hand down to his heavy balls, giving them a squeeze. They were so full and heavy they would have looked freakish on most men but the size of Bobby's dick meant they were in perfect proportion. She gave them a firm squeeze and Bobby moaned, but didn't complain. She recalled how in New York she had squeezed so hard she thought he would pass out but he still stayed hard. She knew as a nurse testicles could take a lot more abuse than most men believed but she also knew most men couldn't take anymore than a little delicate touching. It seemed Bobby's big balls were tougher than most mens, she wondered if his big cock could take more abuse as well. She recalled the day he'd bashed his dick on the bannisters so hard it was bruised and hurt, the thought of watching that turned her on. She ran her hand back up to his cock and gave it a hard squeeze, feeling it lurch in response, before going back to gently teasing it.
Bobby was so horny he didn't know if he could wait for the hotel, his cock was so hard it hurt and as his mom continued to tease it he unbuttoned his mom's dress so he could slip his hand inside, grabbing a handful of her right boob through her bra before sliding his hand inside the cup to feel her naked breast in his hand.
"Obby, the driver, can't you ait?" she mumbled as he continued to kiss her, but his only answer was to continue groping as much of her boobs as he could while kissing her. His hard cock was bucking and throbbing in his pants and she wished she could pull it out right there. If he kept this up much longer she might just do that. However just then they felt the limo slow as the driver signalled a turn and she glanced round to see they were pulling into the front of the hotel.
"Bobby we're here." she said detaching herself from him and re-arranging her boobs before buttoning her dress back up.
The doorman opened the limo door and they stepped out into the heat of the Mexican sun. Alison put her sunglasses on and Bobby couldn't help thinking she looked like a Hollywood starlet attending a premiere as she walked from the limo to the hotel. He hobbled along as best he could beside her, his dick feeling like it was going to break in two in his pants. The lobby was air conditioned and luxurious but it wasn't the décor that caught Bobby's eye but rather the receptionist. She was pretty, blonde.. and naked. She smiled at them as they entered and Bobby tried not to stare at her tits.
"Hi there, my name's Kirsty, do you have a reservation?"
"Um, yes we do. Alison and Bobby Stevens."
As the girl checked the screen Bobby took the chance to check her out, she was in her early 20's with an all all over tan and a trim pert figure. She had small perky boobs and a shaven pussy, he noticed that in fact she wasn't completely naked, she had a wristband with her name and the resort logo on it. He saw his mom watching him as he checked out Kirsty and smiled at her before checking out the rest of the lobby. Behind them there was a couple he hadn't noticed when they walked in, they were also naked and making out on a couch. The guy had a raging hard on that the girl was stroking while they kissed. Fuck, this place really was for swingers alright.
"Oh yes here we are, the Bridal Suite! Wow, congratulations you two! I hope you enjoy your honeymoon here! I'll get someone to take your bags for you."
"Um thank you." Alison muttered, blushing behind her sunglasses.
Bridal suite? Honeymoon? Well, he certainly felt like a horny Groom waiting to get his conjugal rights. They porter was dressed conventionally and led them through the luxurious interior to the elevators.
"Is this your first time here?"
"Um yes."
"It takes a little getting used to but you'll love it once you settle in. The whole resort is self contained, we have shops, restaurants, bars, clubs, and a private beach. Everything you need, and the resort rules apply throughout."
"Resort rules?"
"Sure, the Club Bacchus rules are there are no rules. As long as you're here you can do what you want where you want when you want, although some people do frown on couples having sex in the restaurant!" he laughed.
"I see."
"So basically just relax and go with the flow and enjoy your honeymoon!"
They reached their floor and the porter led them along the corridor. Their room was more luxurious than he'd imagined, they had a huge bed, a big terrace with a view out over the beach and a huge bathroom including a sunken whirlpool tub. Alison tipped the porter who smiled and left them alone.
"So now we're on honeymoon?"
"Well I booked the best suite, I didn't realise it was the bridal one. The resort obviously jumped to the wrong conclusion"
"Did they? I feel like some honeymoon action with my beautiful bride." he said approaching her.
"Bobby that's not funny!"
"Who's joking? I'm ready for some more of that limo action!"
"Well I'm ready for a shower!"
He tried to grab her in an embrace but she slipped out of his reach before heading to the bathroom. She paused in the doorway before adding "Perhaps you'd like to join me?" she smiled shyly at him and his dick lurched as he followed her. She started the water running and began unbuttoning her dress. He stood watching her, no matter how many times he saw her he never got over the fascination of seeing her undress. She slipped the dress off her shoulders and stood in just her underwear, her breasts bulging out of her push up bra. She saw him looking hungrily at her and blushed.
"Bobby, you're staring at me."
"I know, you're so beautiful I just want to watch you."
"Bobby you're embarrassing me."
"Don't be, you're perfect. I just want to look at you. If this is the last time we're going to be together I want to remember you."
She considered what he said for a moment and then smiling she reached behind her back and unclasped her bra, letting the straps slide over her shoulders and the garment fall to the floor. He gazed in awe at her heavy breasts and she pushed back her shoulders letting him admire her them for a few moments. She then slipped her panties off and stood completely naked before him as his eyes drank her in. God she was perfect, achingly beautiful with curves the greatest artist in the world couldn't replicate and seemingly unaware of her beauty.
"What about you?"
"Me?"
"I want to see you too."
"Oh..." He began to undo his shirt.
"No let me."
She approached him her boobs swaying as she walked, all the time staring at him before lowering her eyes to undo his shirt button by button before slipping it off his shoulders. She admired his muscular torso and arms, running her cool fingers over his hard muscles and smooth skin before slipping down to his belly to undo his shorts, letting them drop to the floor. His cock looked like it was doing press ups in his underwear he was so hard and there was a clear mark of pre cum where it was leaking through the material. She knelt before him and gently slid them down, pulling the front away from his belly and carefully easing his hard cock free of the elastic so as not to hurt him. He stepped free of his clothes and stood before her as she continued to kneel looking up at him. Her view was dominated by his huge cock and big low hanging testicles. She studied the huge column of meat, taking in every vein of the magnificent cock and his toned athletic body.
"So beautiful."
His dick lurched at the compliment and his balls pulled up, she wanted to reach out and play with him but she could see how excited he was already and knew there was plenty of time for that so instead she rose to her feet and gently held him by his cock so she could lead him to the shower. There was plenty of space in the luxurious unit but they stayed close together all the same, caressing like lovers.
"Why don't you let me wash you this time?" he smiled at her, she looked shyly up at him and started to speak before stopping and simply nodding.
He lathered his hands and began soaping her body, not surprisingly he devoted most of his time to washing her her big tits, letting the huge breasts slide through his fingers as she squeezed and lifted the heavy soapy melons. He noticed her nipples hardening under his touch and payed them some attention as well, lightly running his finger tips over the nubs, feeling the aureola and nipples harden further under his caresses. He let his hands roam further, running over the full curves of her hips and buttocks before dropping down to explore her beautiful legs. He finally stood again facing her as she looked up at him smiling as he once again filled his hands with her opulent boobs.
"Do you think I'm clean enough now?"
"Not quite."
"Not quite... what do you mean?"
He slid one hand down her belly towards the juncture between her thighs.
"Bobby no..."
"Why? You said we could do everything apart from have intercourse."
His fingers found the neat bush of hair and lightly ran through it.
"Bobby, not there..."
"Why not? If this is our last chance to be together then I want to remember all of you."
He slid his hand down further and she grabbed his arm, holding it but not stopping him.
"Bobby..."
"Mom, I want to make you feel good, the way you have for me..."
He slipped his hand down further finding the folds of her vagina, she gasped and released his arm, he could feel the heat radiating from her pussy as he lightly caressed it. Her hands moved up to his shoulders as he gently ran his fingers up and down the length of her slit before slipping between the folds and finding her engorged clit. He lightly ran his fingers around it, gently stroking without actually pressing on it and he felt her fingers dig into his shoulders in response. He slowly increased the intensity and cadence of his movements feeling her hot breath on his cheek and her fingers gripping him and let her responses guide him. As his movements became faster she moaned and buried her face against his neck, tensing as she cried out, her voice stifled against his skin but still loud in the confines of the bathroom. He rubbed harder and more intensely feeling her fingers dig into him and her breath come in jagged gasps as pushed her towards her climax. Her head jerked back and he admired her long slender neck as she let out a cry, her body shuddering and she came on his fingers. As she crested her orgasm and the waves of pleasure subsided her felt her relax and slowed his movements accordingly, letting her down gently from her high.
"Oh Bobby!"
She looked up at him with tears in her eyes before taking his face in her hands and kissing him, pressing her sexy body up against him. She then ran her soft soapy hands over his lean hard body, feeling his taut muscles and smooth skin, like a young Adonis he stood while she washed him before turning her attention to the giant phallus that stubbornly stood hard and unwavering, throbbing with his heartbeat. She gently washed and caressed it, committing every bump and ridge to memory and the smooth silky soft feel of his foreskin as it slid over the steely hard shaft and head of his cock. Finally she could wait no longer, switching off the shower, she hurriedly dried them before leading him to the bedroom by his cock before pushing him back on the bed. He lay there watching her as she crawled up the bed towards him, a smile on her face as her big pendulous tits swayed with every movement. She moved up until her breasts hung down over his face, watching as his eyes hungrily feasted on the big heavy melons hanging down just out of reach of his lips. She swung them gently, letting her nipples brush his hungry mouth as he struggled to reach them with his lips, playfully keeping them just out of reach, teasing him with her bounteous charms before sliding down his body, taking her breasts out of his reach. She allowed her swaying tits to brush his chest, letting him feel the hard rubbery nipples and soft smoothness of her breasts on his hard muscular chest before moving lower and letting them bump against his cock which started jumping and lurching at their touch.
She playfully shook her shoulders letting her heavy hanging jugs bump his cock from side to side, the sensation causing it to jump and lurch even more, before squeezing them together and enveloping his iron hard prick between her soft pillowy boobs. She gently stroked her tits up and down his cock, the purple, swollen head emerging from the creamy white cleavage before once again being enveloped in the smooth valley of her breasts. He groaned and closed his eyes as she continued to slowly fuck his cock with her jugs, his dick lurching and drooling pre cum that lubricated the fleshy tunnel making it feel even more like a pussy. She could sense his orgasm was beginning to build so she released his cock before he got too near to cumming and slid down further, letting her tits brush his legs as her dark silky hair slid across his belly like a cool breeze.
His cock was waving like a demented beast as her face drew level with it and she gently steadied it with her hand, allowing him to feel her breath on it before she began to go to work on it. Looking him in the eye she licked up the huge shaft, before swirling her tongue around the bloated purple head and savouring the tangy pre cum that drooled in a steady stream before licking her way back down again. She repeated the process several times, coating his cock in a sheen of saliva as she bathed it with her tongue before opening her mouth and pausing to let him feel her hot breath on his cock head. He stared at her breathlessly as she gently let her teeth brush the head of his cock, before opening her lips and taking him deep into her mouth. He moaned at the incredible sensation of her hot mouth as his cock head and several inches of the shaft disappeared between her lips, enveloping him in a wonderful warm paradise. As her full lips slid down his thick shaft her tongue continued to swirl around his cock head, teasing and toying with the bloated piece of meat in her mouth. She bobbed on his cock, drawing him slowly in and out of her mouth before withdrawing completely and swirling her tongue over the head, lapping up the pre cum that was now drooling from his cock. She then went back to inhaling his cock, taking as much as she could and committing the taste and feel of it to memory. She knew his cock so well now she could tell how aroused he was and how near to cumming as she varied her sucking and licking to bring him slowly to his climax before letting him subside again, drawing the moment out partly to prolong his pleasure but also her own. She could feel her pussy getting wet but she wanted to focus all her attention on him, feeling his erection bloating and his heavy balls drawing up she knew his orgasm was close now.
She quickened her pace, sucking harder now and teasing the underside of his glans with her tongue, she felt his body tense under her and his cock spasm in her mouth, once, twice, three times and then it erupted. His thick cum blasted the roof of her mouth filling it with 2 or 3 spurts so that she had to gulp it down to make room. He came so much and so hard it was a struggle to keep up with him but it was a challenge she loved, savouring the thick liquid that spurted into her mouth in seemingly endless quantities. She gently milked him with her lips as his dick continued to spasm and disgorge its load, filling her mouth again as she swallowed for a second time before feeling his loads begin to weaken and slow to a trickle. She gently nursed on his cock for a few more minutes, reluctant to give it up and drawing the last few drops of cum from him before crawling up the bed to embrace him. He looked at her in a mixture of awe and love, she was so beautiful and sexy it was impossible to imagine life without her. She nuzzled up on the pillow next to him and without pausing to think he drew her to him and kissed her on the mouth. At first she was surprised, she wasn't used to a man kissing her after she'd swallowed his cum, but Bobby was so enamoured with his mother he couldn't help himself.
He slipped his tongue into her mouth and was surprised that she still had some of his cum she hadn't swallowed, ordinarily this would have grossed him out but the fact that this was his mom's mouth, the mouth that has read him bedtime stories and told him off when he stayed out late, that this same mouth was now full of his cum having just sucked his cock was so wickedly exciting he didn't care. At first the slightly bitter taste was unusual, but he soon got used to it as she slipped her tongue into his mouth and returned his kiss with equal passion, their tongues writhed and danced in a duel as his sperm passed back and forth between them. His cock was still hard as they kissed and embraced and he could have gone again but in the end sleep overwhelmed them both after their journey and they fell asleep in each other's arms.
The following morning Bobby awoke alone in bed, at first he was alarmed wondering where his mom was but then he saw the door to the terrace was open and walked out. Sure enough his mom was stood on the balcony looking out at the morning sun. She was still naked and he paused to admire her curvy peach shaped bottom as she leant on the railing, his morning erection hardening even more at the sight. As he approached her he could make out her pussy lips between her legs and remembered how she'd felt on his fingers as he'd brought her off last night. He put his arms round her and cupped her tits in his hands.
"Morning beautiful."
"Bobby you startled me!"
"Sorry, I thought I'd join you." as he said this he squeezed her boobs together and played with them.
"Bobby, anyone can see!"
"Well let them." He moved closer and his erection pushed against the small of her back.
"Careful with that thing, you'll push me over the balcony!" she chided.
"Oh sorry."
They stayed like that for a few minutes as he continued to squeeze and grope her tits while she felt his erection rubbing against the small of his back. She reached behind her and held his cock, gently stroking it as he nuzzled her neck and kneaded her tits.
"Mmm, I'm so horny right now."
"I can tell." She playfully squeezed his cock and continued to play with him but the angle made it difficult for her to stroke him properly, then she was struck by an idea.
"Here let me." She took a firmer hold of his cock, pulling it down and standing on her toes as she did. "Crouch down a little."
"What are you doing?" he asked incredulously as he followed her instructions.
"Not what you think you pervert! There, that's better." She slid his cock between her legs so the head and an inch or two of the shaft jutted out in front of her.
He continued playing with her tits as he looked over her shoulder at the end of his cock protruding from between his mom's legs.
"Gee mom, people will think you're a chick with a dick!"
"Bobby!"
"Well I'm just saying, it does look a little odd."
She regarded the swollen cock head jutting out from between her legs and couldn't help agreeing there was something very kinky about it.
"Well I suppose it does, although, I would have rather a short one." She said giggling as she regarded the head and inch or so of his cock that protruded between her legs while delicately playing with the glans.
"How about now?" He angled his pelvis and slid another couple of inches between his mom's legs his dick now jutting out in front of her.
"Bobby!" Her reaction was partly due to the spectacle of Bobby's cock jutting out between her legs and partly because the altered angle meant his cock was now rubbing on her clit.
She looked down at the thick cock that jutted out from between her legs and certainly couldn't deny it looked odd, nor could she deny how hard it felt rubbing against her pussy. She realised she hadn't fully thought this through and now with Bobby squeezing her nipples and his hard cock rubbing against her clit she was having trouble thinking at all. She reached down and began jerking the foreskin back and forth over his bloated cock head, struck that it must look as if she was jerking herself off. Bobby moaned appreciatively at her touch and began gently thrusting his dick back and forward in time with her movements grinding it on her pussy as he did.
As her movements on his cock quickened so did his thrusting and he began groping and kneading her tits harder, pinching and squeezing her nipples so hard it hurt and and felt good at the same time.
"Oh Bobby!"
"Uhhhh, oh wow that feels good. You're really good at jerking yourself off!"
"Bobby! ... ohhhh, harder. Squeeze them harder!" she moaned as he grabbed her tits for all his was worth. She continued to beat off the thick cock between her legs no longer trying to resist the rubbing on her clit but pushing back and grinding harder.
"Oh Bobby, Ohhhhhhhh." She felt herself shuddering as her climax flooded through her, she hoped he wouldn't notice her wet pussy rubbing on him but she needn't have worried, he was too busy grabbing her tits and enjoying the feel of her hand on his cock to be aware of anything much else. She jerked the cock between her legs harder and faster, almost feeling like it was hers and another orgasm rippled through her. She felt his cock swell and harden and he pushed it between her legs as far as it would go.
"Ohhh god, cummming..."
His cock jutted out in front of her and Alison continued beating it off as he began shooting, the cum spraying out from his cock and over the balcony before raining down onto the street below. Load after load blasted out from his cock, some of it splattering on the railing but most shooting out into the cool morning air and showering down. Fortunately there was no one passing by to get covered in the shower of sperm but the sight of the beautiful busty woman seemingly jerking herself off and spraying a huge load of cum wasn't entirely lost though, unseen behind a shaded balcony window a telephoto lens silently, unblinkingly recorded every moment.
Cumming in Chapter 15 Bobby and Alison have an accident that leads to a final frontier being crossed.