My girlfriend, Susie, and I drove out of the mall parking lot on our way to the beach. Susie, who was (and still is) the world's best cock-teaser, was still horny as hell from her "adventures" at the mall. The only piece of clothing she had on was a pair of very small, red, thin, see-thru, tanga-style panties. She took my phone and said, "You don't mind if I take some selfies, do you? I'll be careful not to get my boobs or my pussy in the pics. I'm wearing panties anyway, well... if you can call them that. They are kind of small and sheer. Is that OK with you or are you going to stop all my fun?"
I laughed and playfully said, "You need to put some clothes on before someone else sees you. If a car pulls up next to us, they might be able to get a little glimpse of your boobs. They probably won't be able to, but you never really know. And don't even think about taking pictures of you blowing me." Susie giggled and began snapping away. I rubbed her cute pussy and stuck the tip of my finger into her. She took some pics of me fingering her and she clearly wanted more. Moving my finger around slowly inside of her drove her crazy.
As I drove, she took pictures of her tits. She used one hand to massage her breasts while the other hand held her phone and took the pics. Meanwhile, as she was doing that, I was steering with my left hand and fingering her with my right. She was saying, "Just a glimpse, huh? Ohhhh, that would be so embarrassing. What if they saw my panties or my pussy lips, too?"
Of course, the people in the cars driving next to us could easily see what she was doing. They could see that she was topless, but they didn't know that her pants were off as well. After all, she was sitting up in the seat. As soon as the guys in the cars around us noticed that Susie was topless, they began to shout comments to Susie. This turned her on even more. She loved the attention!
We stopped at the red light. Ms. Cock-teaser, as I like to call her and she likes to be called, looked over to the guys in the cars who were shouting to her. She began taking pictures of them. Then to tease them she began talking to them. "Hey guys, how you all doing over there? That's a hot car. Hey, you better stop staring at my boobs or I'll have to put my shirt on. You can take a couple of pics, but only a couple."
Then, as I continued to finger her, she groaned and moaned and said, "Ahhhh, feels so good ... This bad, bad boy is fingering me. Would you fuckers like to see? By the way, are you guys afraid to get your dicks out for me?" When I heard that, I stuck two fingers into her to turn up the heat a little. She moaned loudly enough that they could hear her.
I said to Susie, "They'd love to know that you only have these little, slutty, fuck-me panties on." I took my fingers out of her pussy and snapped the waistband of her panties. I could see that she was liking this, so I continued. "Look at this, you can see the outline of your sexy pussy lips right here. Oh, your pussy is so nice, so smooth and shaven." And I took my finger and gently rubbed her slit which made her squirm.
I continued, "And they'd go crazy if they saw you blowing me. Maybe you should just kiss the head of my cock a few times. That would make a nice pic, huh? But wait, could you do that without sticking my whole dick in your mouth? Could you? By the way, do you think that would get those guys hard? Oh wait, you're probably too chicken to do that." Susie was always one who loved to be challenged, she always wanted to prove me wrong. When I challenged her, especially when she was all worked up and horny - I knew she'd do it.
Susie looked over to the guys and said, "I love it when he fingers me, especially when he uses two fingers like he is now." She went on, "Guys, this poor little boy is begging for a blow job. Should I give him one? I'll be happy to do it if you guys want me to."
The guys all went nuts. "Hell yes, go for it!! Suck his cock! Please!"
That's all she needed. She got up on her knees in the seat and turned toward me. I had to drive because the light turned green. The car next to us stayed right us. They didn't want to miss a thing! Because she was on her knees they could see that Susie just had panties on, nothing else. The guys went even crazier, "She doesn't have pants on! Hey Baby, those red panties look great on you! I'll buy them for $100!"
Susie looked back and smiled at them and said, "They are silk, smooth silk. He loves to rub his dick all over them on my ass and my pussy. I bet you would, too." She undid my pants and pulled my cock out. She looked over at the guys in the car again and said, "He's going to cum in my mouth. Which one of you is next?"
With that she stuck the head of my cock in her mouth and began stroking my shaft. I loved the fact that those guys were getting turned-on by watching her. I reached behind her and slowly pulled her panties down so they could see her pussy. They were using their phones to take as many pics as they could. Ms. Cock-teaser simply wiggled her ass.
The guys were screaming. I again stuck two fingers into her. She popped my dick out of her mouth, looked back at the guys in the car and said, "Take some pictures, then we'll stop the car and you all can fuck me. You get the best pic, you get to fuck me first."
I slowly removed my fingers from her pussy, massaged her lips a little and patted her ass. I said, "Sorry, Ms. Cock-teaser and Cock-sucker, it's too early in the day for you to get fucked. Besides, you wouldn't want 3 guys fucking you at the same time, would you?" Her lips tightened around my cock ... she moaned and whimpered. It was obvious that's exactly what she wanted.
The guys were pleading with me as they shouted through the car window. "Give her what she wants, let us fuck her! Come on, sweetheart, you'd love it! Wouldn't you love 3 guys with our hands and dicks all over you?"
Susie was squirming. She took my cock out of her mouth, turned to their car and said, "I want your cum all over my face and tits and pussy. Do you guys have enough for me? Or are you too afraid that your little girlfriends would find out?"
I knew we had to get out of there before those guys did something we might regret so when we came to the next intersection, I took a sharp left turn which they couldn't follow as they were in the right lane. Then I made a couple of "get-a-way" turns and got the hell away from them. Susie looked up to me and said, "Why did you do that, I wanted to lay down in front of all of them and fuck them one at a time! I could have at least blown them - all three of them!"
She sat up in the car seat with a pout on her face. I said, "Look, I know you like to get guys all hard and turned on, and you are great at it! No one is better, you get their dicks so long and hard when they see you showing-off for them. So, don't worry, we aren't done for today, you'll get another chance! Just sit back and relax and let the people on the road stare at your cute tits. By the way, you can't go topless at the public beach, what are you going to wear?"
She looked over at me and playfully said, "You dumb-ass, I brought the bra that goes with these cute, um... wow ... little panties. I never realized these were so small. I'll wear the matching bra if that's OK with you? Or is that too risky for you, I mean someone just might see my pussy and my nipples? Do you get jealous when I show-off a little?"
I was excited as hell, but I tried to stay cool, hoping that would get her to try harder to turn me on. I couldn't say anything other than, "I guess it's ok to wear your see-thru underwear at the beach." Then to tease her a little I said, "Are you going to be OK parading around the beach in those little panties? You can see right through them. I mean everyone will see your pussy lips and they will be fantasizing about putting their tongue between your lips and making you cum. They'll see when you get excited because your lips will swell. I'll see it too, so I'll rub up and down you slit. You'll be squealing! Will that be ok with you?"
She looked over to me and took several deep breaths. She said, "Are you just going to watch them all fuck me or are you going to join in?"
I said, "Your wish is my command, but we are getting close to the beach, you better put something on to cover your sexy tits."
She reached back and took the bra out of her bag. It was little, very little, and flimsily and see-thru. I wanted to get her motor running even more so I said, "Good thing that your nipples won't show thru that bra. You'll be well covered so you don't have to worry about the guys gawking and fantasizing about you. Thankfully, there will be zero hard-ons caused by you today at the beach."
She put her bra on and ... it was beautiful. No, beautiful doesn't really explain it. It's a much more accurate to call it just plain outrageously sexy. Her nipples were fighting to get out of her flimsy bra, it was crazy sexy.
We pulled into the parking lot of the beach and parked the car. I looked over and said, "Ready to get out"?
She smiled, giggled and said, "I guess so, if you don't mind that your girlfriend will just be in her panties and bra in front of everyone. That is, at least to start. Gosh, I hope no good-looking guy - or girl - talks me into giving them my panties. What would I do?"
I said, "Ok, but do me a favor, OK? Get up on your knees." She knelt in the front seat just as I asked. I immediately thrust my face onto her panty-covered pussy and took my tongue and began licking her panties around her pussy. Susie loved it. She was humping my face. Then I took my tongue and outlined her panties around the waistband on her flat tummy. Then I went around her legs which put my tongue a half-inch from her pussy lips. She was moaning and begging me to go inside her panties. I had her at the point of orgasm. I knew if my tongue touched her pussy lips, she'd lose it.
She was repeating, "Lick me, inside my fuck-me panties. Come on, stick your tongue in my pussy. I'll do anything, anything you want, just stick your fucking tongue in me."
But then, I slowly stopped licking her and said, "Let's go, you said you were ready." I got out of the car and got the blanket and towels out of the trunk and began walking to the beach. Susie got out slowly. She was in a semi-state of "just about to orgasm." I loved getting her hot as hell, and then turning it off. She loved doing it to me as well, so it was fair play!
I said, "Hey Ms. Cute-pussy, can you please walk in front of me so I can enjoy the view of you in those ... what was it you called them, fuck-me panties? If you do, I'll promise that my tongue will end up where you want it." Susie, smiled and walked in front of me. I tossed her a towel and said, "Wrap this around your waist until we get to a place for our blanket." Susie reluctantly complied.
The beach was crowded and I could see the reactions she was getting from people who noticed her. Her nipples, not being covered by the towel, were easy to see thru her thin bra, which was only loosely holding her tits anyway. Boyfriends were nudging their girlfriends and nodding to Susie. Susie was just smiling away. As we walked thru the beach, I could see where Susie was leading us.
Sure enough, I was right. She took us over to a spot which was right in front and next to 2 groups of guys. Each blanket had 2 guys on them. The guys were drinking beer and playing music. As we walked closer, the guys stopped talking and stared at Susie's tits. Susie dropped her towel and began to spread our blanket. She bent from her waist which, of course, gave the guys a great view of her ass. Because her legs were slightly spread, she also gave them a great view of her pussy lips from behind, as well. As she bent over, her tits popped out of her bra.
Susie acted like she didn't know that her boobs were out of her bra. She let her boobs stay out a while, then turned directly to the guys who were taking pics of her with their phones. She said to them, "What's with the pics? They laughed and Susie saw that they were taking pics of her boobs. She said, "Oh, next time one of you cute guys should let me know, OK? At least my panties are ok, right? I mean they cover me, right? You can't really see anything, right?"
They just stared and nodded. They were mesmerized.
After just a few minutes, the guys starting making comments, just loud enough for Susie to hear. They were saying the usual comments, "She's in her fuckin' panties, get your phone! Look at that ass! What a body! What a show-off, she loves it!!" Of course, they were right.
Susie sat on the blanket, then laid down on her back. After 10 minutes or so, she began to slowly and seductively move her hands over her body, first lightly brushing over her chest and, of course her hard-nippled tits. Her back was slightly arched which made her breasts and nipples standout even more. Her legs were slightly spread making her pussy lips easily visible thru very small and thin panties.
Her hands slowly moved down her body. Her fingers glided down to her flat tummy and then went from one side to the other side, moving down very slowly, little by little, getting closer to the waist band of her panties. The guys and me, of course, had their eyes glued to Susie, her nipples, her pussy lips and her fingers. If a bomb blew up on the beach, no one would have noticed.
I looked over and said to Susie, "Hey Ms. Hot-ass, what are you thinking about?"
She kept her eyes closed and said, "Will you just touch my pussy, please?"
I said, "Out here in the open, where everyone can see? Ok, where on your cute, swollen pussy would you like me to touch?" Of course, this was driving her crazy.
She said, "Just stick your finger in me, please! Come on!"
I said, "You want me to finger you in front of all these people walking by us and right in front of these guys on the blankets behind us?"
Plenty of people walked by us as they strolled down the beach. Almost all of them slowed way down as the passed our blanket. Many of them stopped and took pictures. They guys would usually be a little bolder than the girls. Some would stand and stare for a couple of minutes and would even take a few steps up the beach to get a closer look. The brave ones would maneuver themselves to get a picture between her spread legs.
As this was going on, I kept whispering to Susie. "You are creating quite a following. They are talking pictures of that cute pussy of yours. Do you want me to shoo them away?" I knew what she would say.
She said, "I think they'll like this." She took her hand and pretended to brush sand off her chest. As she did this, she knocked her loose bra over a bit - which she then "adjusted" without looking. As she adjusted her bra, she completely moved her cup off her boob, leaving it completely exposed. Then she took her hand and she slipped the two longest fingers of her right hand inside the front of her panties and just left her hand and fingers there. I could hear the guys on the blanket whispering to each other like crazy.
After a couple of minutes, I said, "Oh my, your cute pussy lips are all swollen. Maybe I should rub them like I said I would, Huh? But hey, don't get a sun burn out here, want some sunscreen?"
Susie looked over to me, her eyes had a glassy look and I could tell she was horny as hell. She sat up and grabbed her bag and found her sunscreen. As she held the bottle out to me, one of the guys on the blanket said, "Hey, need any help with that?"
She looked around at the guy who happened to be a great looking, muscular guy, and said, "That would be so nice of you." I got scooped! I was ready to put my hands all over Susie, and this guy jumped at the chance and beat me to it.
He came right over and introduced himself as Mark. He said he was pretty shy and Susie said, "Oh don't worry, you are just putting on my sunscreen. Besides, I don't bite. I'm more careful than that with things that go in my mouth." Mark, the other guys and I all laughed.
Susie gave him the bottle and laid down on her back. He asked if it was ok to get cream on her straps of her bra. She sat up and said, "Well no, can you undo my bra, please? And please be careful to not get cream on my panties ... well cream would be ok, just not sunscreen." And she giggled.
He had sunscreen all over his hands, so his buddy popped up and said, "Hey, I'll do it! By the way, I'm Jim "
Jim got on the other side of her and gracefully undid Susie's bra. Susie semi-held the bra over her tits, said thanks, and laid back down on her back. She wasn't that graceful, as she laid down her bra wasn't covering her nipples.
She said, "Oops, sorry guys, I'm not very coordinated sometimes." And she carefully adjusted the cups of her bra so that they just barely reached to the very edge of her nipples. Of course, it really didn't matter much anyway, since her bra was a simple mesh and see thru, her hard nipples were erect and quite easy to see.
They laughed and I noticed they both had hard-ons. Mark took the bottle and dropped sunscreen onto Susie's chest. As he let the drops of sunscreen fall onto Susie, he moved the bottle around. He let one drop fall on her face right by her mouth. Mark said, "Sorry about that, Susie."
My cock-teasing girlfriend said, "I hope you are a better shot than that when it counts."
Both guys began slowly rubbing the sunscreen in, starting innocently with her shoulders. But, of course, in short time their hands made it down her chest. Mark asked, "Does this feel ok?"
Susie looked over to Mark and looked at his cock and said, "Well, it looks like it would feel great, but let me check." And she reached over and squeezed his cock and giggled.
Surprisingly, the guys were very patient and somewhat calm as they rubbed on the lotion. When they got to her boobs it was interesting to see. They really didn't know how far they could actually go with Susie.
They were rubbing around and between her boobs very slowly. Then Jim put a little of his finger inside her bra from the top which of course pushed her bra a little lower and exposed her entire nipple. I have no idea how he resisted putting his entire hands on her tit at this point, I think he was "testing the waters" with Susie, little-by-little as he rubbed the lotion on the top of her tit over her nipple.
Their hard-ons were about to rip through their shorts. Mark got a little more courage and also put his fingers inside Susie's top, which because it was undone and therefore very loose, it only somewhat covered her right tit. Mark whispered, "Your top is so thin, we don't want your hard nipples to get burnt. And Ms. Susie, if you don't mind me asking, why are your nipples so hard?" With that, he gently began rubbing her nipple.
Susie whimpered, "Thank you for taking care of my nipples, you guys are really nice. I think they're hard for the same reason your dicks are hard." And she reached over and grabbed the head of each of their cocks. Thankfully, she only held onto their dicks for a few seconds. Then she said, "Maybe if you guys kissed my nipples, they wouldn't be so hard."
The guys looked over at me and I just laughed. They continued to move their hands further onto Susie's tits. They gently squeezed her tits, both massaging one of them. They were definitely taking their time. As this was happening, people were strolling by, looking and sometimes staring at Susie. She had moved her hands so they rested on her pussy. It looked quite natural, until people realized she was wearing her tiny panties. I also knew that Susie loved to feel her pussy lips which is of course what she was doing with her hand. I knew she was getting hot as she was moving her hips ever so slightly.
Then Jim moved the little, red triangle of Susie's bra completely off her tit. He lowered his face down to her nipple and use his tongue to circle her nipple a couple of times. Susie was moaning and moaning and arching her back to stick her tits out even more. She was very slowly whispering, "Finger me ... go ahead ... one of you guys finger me ... while I blow the other one ... or let me suck both of you off ... at the same time."
Mark finally took his hand from Susie's tit and moved it down to her tummy to spread the sunscreen. Meanwhile, Jim alternated between kissing Susie's nipples and using his hands to slowly massage Susie's tits. As he played with her nipples, lightly pinching them and rolling them in his fingers, he asked Susie, "How does this feel, does it feel ok? Are you starting to get wet?" And he took his index finger from his right hand and pushed it into Susie's mouth.
Susie moaned, "Ummmm ... Find out for yourself if I'm wet."
Mark spoke next as he moved his hand around Susie's lower tummy. "Susie, I will try to be very careful down here. My fingers are real, real close to your pussy. I can't believe how close my fingers are. I don't want to slip and touch your pussy by accident. That would be terrible. Can you move your hands so I can see your pussy so I don't touch it?"
Susie took her hands off her pussy and began "nonchalantly" brushing her hands over their cocks. They were easy to reach as they guys were kneeling on either side of her. Of course, she pretended not to notice where her hands were touching. But, sometimes her hands would linger on their dicks for 5 seconds or so. She was trying to make it look like an accident. Obviously, it wasn't.
Mark kept at her, "Susie, I don't want you to think that I just staring at your pussy lips, but they look really swollen. They look like they are begging and pleading for me to touch them and kiss them. I have a question for you, would you rather have my fingers or my tongue between your throbbing lips?" As he was saying this, he was rubbing her flat tummy, moving his hands down her stomach, getting closer and closer to her pussy. Mark was a great teaser, no doubt about it. When his hands went to her sides, he put his fingers into her panties and lowered them just a little ... and then just a little lower with each passing rub. Susie was raising her hips to make it easier for him to take her panties all the way down. As it was, the top of her panties was half way down her front.
Susie was squirming and licking her lips. Then he couldn't resist, he slide his hand under her panties and began massaging her pussy. I heard Susie say, "Give it to me ... stick it in ... come on ...give it to me"
I knew this was going too far, so I had to break it up. So I said, "Hey Suz, better flip over so you don't get too exposed."
She looked over at me and I could tell that Mark was fingering her as her eyes were only half open at best. Then I saw that she had her hands up both Mark's and Jim's pant legs and was giving both of them a hand job.
She mumbled, "Do I ... have to ... stop?"
I said, "Yes, sorry. Come on guys, this is getting to be too much. You all have to cool down."
With that the guys took their hands off of Susie. She looked over to me
and said, "Wait a second, ok?" And she leaned over and put her mouth on Mark's shorts directly over his cock. Susie's top was completely off. She sucked Mark's dick a couple of times and licked his cock head a few times, all of which was done over his shorts. Then she changed to her other side and did the same to Jim. Jim couldn't take it, he held Susie's face to his dick until he came.
Susie smiled and rolled over onto her stomach, breathing as heavy as I have ever heard her. Mark started to get up, then reached to Susie's ass and pulled her panties half way down her ass. Susie just smiled and didn't pull them up.
A minute later, Susie was asleep looking as sexy as ever. She was laying on her front, her bra as off to her side and her little panties were half way down her ass. If you got within a few yards of her, you could see her pussy.
Susie slept for 45 minutes or so. When she awoke, she sat up, then grabbed her bra and slowly put it on which gave everyone a great look at her tits. I said, "Hey Ms. Making-cocks-hard-is-my-business, your back is getting red. You better get some sunscreen on it."
She looked over to the other guys sitting next to us. No surprise, they both came right over. Susie gave them the sunscreen and said, "Please don't be gentle." We all laughed.
The first guy grabbed the bottle. He was eager to put his hands all over Susie. Susie said, "Hey, can you put a little sunscreen on my fingers, please?" He did as was asked. Susie took her fingers and rubbed the sunscreen around her lips. The white sunscreen looked like cum around her lips which was exactly the look she was going for. Then she stuck her finger in her mouth and began sucking. She slowly pulled her finger out, looked down to his cock and said, "I hope yours is bigger and it better stay in my mouth longer." And with that, she took off her bra, placed it on the guy's cock and she laid on her stomach.
The looked at his friend and said, "You start with her shoulders and I'll start with her legs." His buddy jumped to the task.
The first guy said, "I'm Paul, I'll start with your gorgeous legs. That's Mike, he has your shoulders." Paul squeezed a string of sunscreen from Susie's ankles up to her firm ass, first her right leg then her left. He began rubbing it in, starting with her ankles, then slowly up her legs.
He was carefully rubbing the outside, and of course, the inside of her legs. As he got up to the back of her thighs, it got interesting. He first rubbed the outside of her leg, then he moved his hands between her legs.
He was a half an inch from her pussy and as he gently rubbed her legs. But, of course, he was occasionally brushing her pussy as well. He made comments as he touched her pussy, "Susie I'm so sorry, my hands get slippery with this lotion. I keep brushing your sexy pussy lips with my hands like I am right now with everyone watching. I'm trying not to let my fingers slide under your panties and between your sensuous lips, but I can't control them. Opps, there I go again. I hope you understand."
He went on, "This is the area that concerns me the most as he gently massaged her lips rubbing them together. If your hot, little pussy gets burnt, you won't be able to wear panties like these that show-off your pussy lips so well. That would be terrible, wouldn't it? Could you imagine that? You'd wear panties, but they'd be the kind that your grandmother wore. Guys couldn't see your pussy lips thru them. Not sexy at all. That would be such a disappointment for them ... and you, right?" As he was saying this, his fingers slipped into her pussy, right there on the beach. Susie arched the small of her back to give him better access. She moaned and moaned. He took his other hand and put it under Susie's panties on her ass and began squeezing.
Meanwhile, the other guy, Mike, had one hand under Susie's chest, he was going after her tits. His other hand went on her ass under her panties. Susie was saying, "Get your cocks out." She reached up Paul's shorts and took ahold of his dick. She pulled him over to her mouth. She licked and kissed the head of his cock a few times, then put it into her mouth. While she was sucking his cock, she reached over to Mike and put her hand up his shorts and pulled out his cock, too. She was beating Mike off and sucking Paul at the same time. She was humping Paul's hand as she was getting fingered.
Susie was heating up quickly again. She turned over to lay on her back. But then he sat up and looked at the people who were watching her. She motioned to a cute girl and her boyfriend to come over to her. Slowly they did. When they got close, she looked at the guy and said, "Your girlfriend is sexy cute. Do you wish she would come to the beach in her sexy underwear, too?"
He said, "Hell yes" and looked to his girlfriend.
She looked at Susie and said, "You've made me so horny watching you. He's going to love the car ride home". And with that she patted her boyfriend's hard cock and walked away.
I told Susie that her show was over and that we had to go. She slowly put her bra back on and we walked back to the car eager to return another day!