I was waiting to see you first. The anticipation of meeting you out always makes me antsy, so I do my best to get there first, to collect myself, to give myself a chance to catch you unawares. I stop a block away from the restaurant. Across the street from the way you should be coming. This part of town isn't busy in the evening, and I find a spot near the door of an office building., closed for the day. The cleaners inside pay me no attention as I lean against one of the grey concrete pillars dividing the plate glass floor to ceiling windows. I hope its inconspicuous enough to let me see you before you see me, and my mind wanders as to what you might be wearing for me today.
Its not long before I see you coming to the corner, and as always I take a second to admire you. You've dressed for me and the spring weather. Its early evening and the flowery sundress you are wearing brings color to the sad city streets, like a small burst of spring in the concrete jungle. Your hair is parted and braided down the middle, pigtailed in a way that shows off your beautiful locks, and yet providing me access to your neck; you always know how to get to me. I peel of the wall and kick up behind you, noticing that your dress comes to your knees where you leave just a tease of you legs down to a simple pair of shoes. Your distracting me now and I am afraid you might soon know I am almost on you, even though your determined pace is carrying you quickly to our dinner destination. Then I smell you. I am so intoxicated now that I have to know if your wearing panties before we get there.
I close the last 15 feet to you quickly, reaching around you and pushing you into the darkened doorway of a closed used book shop. You know its me immediately, and I push you into the wood and glass door, kissing you hard and deep. I wrap my hands around your waist as you wrap yours over my shoulders and kiss me back. After a minute or two we break away smiling like school kids, every moment with you feels like a fresh new love. I reach up and take one of your hands; steeping back, I spin you around to get the full effect of your dress. Your full breasts present themselves, flower covered, and perfectly luscious, only showing a little cleavage, you know any is enough to set me off. The thin straps show off your shoulders and neck and your dress flares up as you spin. The sight of your soft skin, and the curiosity of what is under your dress overwhelm me again.
Stopping the spin as your facing the door I pull you close, with my left hand I start massaging your breasts through the thin material of your dress. I brush your pigtails to the front, giving me access to nibble and kiss you shoulders. My right hand takes its time wandering down your stomach and over your hips. You push your crotch toward my hand but I move it farther away from where you want it. I massage your ass and hips, then down your thigh and under the dress. Working back up your thigh under the dress, spending time just touching you soft smooth skin, nibbling your neck and massaging your wonderful breasts, the nipples already starting to harden.
I do find panties on you, bikini style by the feel of them. They are soft and silky as I caress you through them, rubbing your slit, not trying to go inside, just massaging your lips. I press you against the hard on I've had since I first smelled you, forcing it between your ass cheeks, and use the hand on your crotch to grind it into you. Feeling you swell under me, I start teasing your clit though the silky material of you panties. Your heads half turned toward me and resting on my crest and I can hear your heavy breathing, in rhythm with my rubbing, and once is awhile my name escapes as a soft moan. I never told you if I wanted you to wear panties for tonight, but I decide right there I didn't want you to, and that I was happy you had. Grabbing your panties by the front, I rip them off of you in one smooth motion, down and under the dress, tossing them behind me out into the street. Coming back with my hand I slip 2 fingers in you, cupping your clit to gently massage it as I slowly work my fingers in and out of you. Your so wet that I slip right in, no resistance, and you gasp as I fill you up.
I feel you getting close after a few minutes and I pull away, leaving you hanging. I don't want either of us to get away that easily tonight. You look at me in a disappointed way, questioning, but no words are needed as I grin at you and unzipper my pants. You react quickly and hungrily, squatting down and reaching for my crotch. I grab your hands before the get close, and butting both of your small sensual hands in one of mine, dwarfing them I stretch them above you pressing them against the glass door. I look down at the way your raised arms raise your breasts, shifting the line of sight and the way the dress hangs, giving me a fantastic view of you. Your look back at me, eyes hungry and patient, knowing for both of us that you prefer to let me lead. With my free hand I fish out my cock, and your dive hungrily toward it. Capturing it in your mouth I let you work your tongue for a few seconds and then I push you off of me.
You get that I just want to be teased, as you always know how to please me. I slowly side it back into your mouth rubbing the bottom on your tongue, letting my whole length into your mouth, till my head is resting on your throat and your lips massage the base. I squeeze my ass, pumping even more blood into my cock, swelling it and felling the head press into you throat, and then I pull it out slowly, dragging the bottom across your tongue and lips, enjoying the slight drag of your teeth along its length. After 4 or 5 slow strokes I cant take it anymore and have to stop now or go all the way. This time I pull it completely out of your mouth, your suction driving me wild.
Pulling you back to your feet by the hands above your head I keep you stretched up tall, and I kiss you hard, out tongues passionately dancing, tasting the saltiness in your moth and knowing its me is amazing. As we break of we both smile and giggle, resting against each other to catch our breath and gather ourselves, we return to the first embrace we had, my hands around your waist and your arms around my neck, our heads close together your smell and the sound of your breathing bringing me back to reality.
I take your hand and lead you out of the nook we just performed in. back on the street the restaurant is only a couple of storefronts away, and hand in hand we stroll toward it. We make small talk about our days, refusing to mention what just happened or the electric charge of sex that even holding hands is sending through us. We know that for the moment, we both are gathering ourselves.
The restaurant is a small cozy Italian place. We come here because of the quiet dim personal atmosphere, and the fact that in the back or the dining room were small intimate booths, where we could sit side by side, and yet still stare into each others eyes as we ate. You lean against me a soon as we work into the booth, your hand grasps my thigh and you eyes are hungry again, but not for what is on the menu. I am hungry though, and with all the self control I have I take your hand in mine, kissing your fingers softly, and say, "Later baby, food now."
You look slightly crest fallen, but pick up the menu and start perusing. Leaning close against me, we chit chat about the food, both of us trying or best to slip in all the slight references of earlier that we can. The waiter takes our orders and we continue to cuddle and make overt sexual reference in hushed tones. The dark separated setting and the ability to believe all the light came from the few flicker flames in the sconces set around the booth, set us up, and we were startled when the food arrived. Peeling away from each other we eat the food, its tastes lost in the delicious company of each other.
I pull you back in close as the dishes are taken away and reach between your legs, brushing the dress aside and start massaging. Were pretty wound down so I am starting lightly, teasingly as best I can while telling you the dirty things I am going to do to you later, the waiter comes back for our desert order and I don't stop massaging your sopping pussy, we hide it well enough as I order a brownie sundae for us to share. He takes our order and leave us alone. Knowing we should have close to 10 minutes I trust my fingers into you again, and as you gasp in surprise I whisper, "Cum before deserts gets here for a present, fail and there is a punishment."
I start to work your gspot hard, its all you can do to hold on to my forearm as I finger fuck you hard an well, but I slow down as you get close, holding back, you try humping my hand back, but I can pick you up with that one had and you cant with the match with it, you try to push it away to finish yourself, but you cant dislodge it. After 10 minutes of wrestling my arm for your orgasm the waiter comes from the back, our desert in hand and you look me in the eyes. Your scared, I don't want you to win this one, and you know it. Desperately you try to at least gather yourself, but when the waiter is 10 feet away I start fucking you with everything I hang, your are lost in the ecstasy when he gets to the table, eyes rolled back in you head and grasping my arm for dear life, not know if you could hold back even if you tried.
The waiter gives you a look and blushes but you don't even see it, I wave him off for now and he sets the desert down and rushes off, I'll be sure to tip him well. But I give you everything I can. You lose it, I can feel you convulse against me and your nails digging into my arm, I will probably have marks for a few days, but this moment is worth it. It's a good few minutes before you recover, and I am back to massaging your pussy lips and clitoris. You don't let my arm go though as pull it out from under your dress and suck yourself off of me. You make my blood boil for a moment and you love every second of it. You wrap my arm around you and snuggle in close. "You so bad." you tell me.
I pull you tight and reply "you the one whos got a punishment later. I couldn't have been That bad." You giggle in you post orgasm glow, and we take out time easting the warm brownie and home made vanilla ice cream.
Were both glowing as we exit the restaurant, still hand in hand, but your managed to keep both your hands on the arm I used on you as much as possible ever since. The car is two blocks away and we giggle and laugh like little kids as we walk back to it, spending as much time blushing as we do giving sharp glances to one another. We turn down the small street where the car is and I see were all alone again.
As we get to the car I stop you. "You were a bad girl tonight it time for your punishment." and before you can even consider questioning I bend you over the hood of the car, pressing your breasts to the cool medal and lifting you skirt up exposing your bare ass. "But Daddy, " you cry, not really trying to get out of it, just playing along. "Take what you earned baby," is my only reply as I deliver the first firm smack squarely on your left ass cheek.
You do me proud as you take 5 spankings on each cheek, leaving them a glowing red , warm and sore, and hot. I lose myself then, pulling out the raging hard on I got spanking you and placing it at your vagina, still pressing you face down on the hood for the car. I cant see you as I enter you, but I feel your body melt, we've both needed this for hours, and we give into to out urges. I give you everything I have but its not enough, I want to see your face, I need to see your eyes when I finish. I pull out and flip you over, pulling you to me and reentering the soft wet hole I was made for. I lose myself in you, and seem to find myself in the dark fire of your eyes. I don't know how log we stay that way before we cum together, it might have been 2 minutes, it could have been an hour. But we finish locked into each other, eye to eye body to body, gripping each other like we are the past people on earth.
After a minute we smile at each other shyly, and separate. I open the car door for you and you get in. Closing the door, I go around and get into the car ad we drive off. We don't talk the whole ride home, we just listen to music, your hand on my leg. Nothing needs to be said.
Fini