Part of life's learning comes from observing others, sometimes they don't know you're watching ... that's voyeurism! Here's my story of watching and being watched. It's another long one and I hope you enjoy it. I write these stories for my pleasure and hope you can enjoy them with the odd spelling or grammatical error. I would appreciate critique and comments on story and characters etc. Thanks
I was feeling sicker by the second and was getting close to throwing up my fried chicken lunch! Nine dollars of extra crispy goodness was going to become fish food!
Our 30-minute launch trip to the island was supposed to be plain sailing ... it'll be calm waters on such a lovely summers day ... they said!
Half way across the 4-mile expanse between the mainland and Carters Island, the wind had started to blow, and the waves started to grow ... and I started to go green. Most of the thirty passengers were experiencing an exhilarating trip with salt laden spray, but not me. I was eighteen years old and I'd never been on a boat on the sea before ... and if I had my way I would never do it again. The captain approached and encouraged me to keep looking at the horizon and I have to admit it helped a little.
Finally, after what seemed like a lifetime we came into calmer water and entered the small harbor where the Carters Island, Park Rangers HQ was situated. Amazingly I had managed to keep lunch inside my stomach, but the feeling of nausea had me stumbling off the boat as soon as we docked. I could just manage to make it to the end of the pier before collapsing onto the ground. I heard my backpack being dropped beside me amid laughter from my fellow classmates.
"Jeez Tiny, you're the toughest bastard on the rugby field but you can't take a little boat trip, what's up with that man." Frank Masters exclaimed, slapping me on the back laughing.
"Piss off!" was all I managed to retort before lowering my head between my legs and breathing deeply.
Both of the teachers accompanying the group came and expressed concern for my wellbeing, but I just grunted and waved them away.
It must have been another ten minutes before I felt a hand on my shoulder and sensed someone sitting down beside me.
"Here drink this, it'll make you feel better." A female voice offered.
I raised my head and opened my eyes to see a plastic mug with a green liquid being held there. I could smell what was in the mug and whatever it was, it didn't smell good.
"Thanks, but no thanks." I muttered.
"I guarantee this will work, trust me ... come on what do you have to lose," the female voice encouraged.
I glanced up and turned toward the voice.
I was going to issue a rather abrupt suggestion that they take their fowl smelling drink and shove it somewhere inappropriate ... but I didn't get a word out. I found myself staring up into a pair of beautiful emerald green eyes, that were part of at a very cute face adorned with a big smile.
I was still staring open mouthed as the green mug came back into view.
"You want me to just pour it down, or you want 'a do it yourself?" She said raising her eyebrows and smiling again.
I closed my mouth,took the mug and held it in front of my nose.
"That really stinks ... are you sure this is ..."
"Just drink it, I promise you won't die or anything!" she interrupted.
"OK, what the hell. Here goes nothing." I shrugged and chugged the mugful in one go.
"Not too bad eh?" She continued to smile.
"Actually, it wasn't." I replied and sheepishly smiled back.
"I'm Casey, my uncle is the ranger here."
"I'm Ted Jackson ... but everyone calls me TJ."
"I thought I heard one of the guys call you Tiny?"
"Oh yeah, it's a nick name some of the guys use." I replied.
"So, what do I call you, TJ or Tiny?"
"I prefer TJ, they only use Tiny when they're joking or pissed at me"
"TJ it is then ... and you better get moving. You need to get up to the camp site before all the good tenting spots go."
Standing, Casey reached out her hand to help me up. I sighed and taking a deep breath I took the hand and rose.
"That stuff kicks in pretty fast so you should be feeling better soon." Casey assured me. Then she reached down to pick up my pack.
"Hey, you don't have to carry that." I said and took the pack myself.
"You know this is 2018, a girl can help a guy out now days," she quipped. "Besides you still look like shit, you probably wouldn't make it up the hill carrying that."
As I tried to haul the pack over my shoulder I knew she was right, I still did feel like shit.
"Gimme, Tiny." She said mockingly, as she held out her hand.
I handed the pack over, and she launched it up onto her shoulder and started up the slope towards the Ranger Station.
I followed behind and was able to finally get a good look at my helper. What I saw made me feel a little better already. This Casey not only had a cute face she also had a great body as well. She was wearing a red tank top that covered a set of small but perky looking boobs, her tanned legs left her hiking boots and travelled up to some light blue jean shorts that housed a very nice butt.
As we passed the Ranger Station my eyes were locked on her backside.
"He's staring at your arse Casey!" a female voice suddenly shattered the silence.
Casey and I both looked up at the veranda from where the voice came.
"No he's not Milly!" Casey retorted and turned to look at me for my confirmation.
I looked at Casey. "Actually, guilty as charged." I shrugged and grinned.
Casey looked shocked, but I couldn't tell if it was real or she was joking.
"Hey, at least he was honest." Milly laughed and raised her beer bottle at me as in a toast.
"Up front, Tiny!" Casey said in a serious tone.
As I walked past her I looked her in the eye and smiled. "It is a very cute butt".
"Really! You know that's kind of inappropriate! She said incredulously." Do a guy a favor and this is what you get!"
"What you got is a compliment Casey, take it, use it, go girl ...wiggle that bum!" Milly joked, waving her beer bottle around. "Besides he's right, you really do have a cute butt!", she added and laughed.
"Shut up!" Casey retorted. " What do you know, your drinking beer at one o'clock in the afternoon, you're probably drunk!"
"Hey, give me a break it's my day off ... and just to let you know, I'm never too drunk to notice as a nice girly butt Casey sweetie."
"You like all girls butts." Casey said as she pushed me ahead of her.
I was a bit taken aback by that statement but said nothing and walked on.
At the back of the Ranger Station was the guest campground. The rest of the class had already begun to set their tents up and I couldn't see a space anywhere.
"Hey, the honest perv can set up around the corner by our tents, there's a space by the trees" Milly said walking up behind us.
I noted she had a slight accent, like maybe from the Caribbean.
"Hi, perv, I'm Milly. Here doing a university environmental project on native bird life." She smiled holding out her hand to shake.
"TJ." I replied shaking the offered hand.
Milly must have been about 25 and of African descent with a wild bunch of black curly hair surrounding a really pretty face. I loved her skin color a deep ebony, it made her look very exotic and sexy. She was wearing cargo shorts with at least ten pockets, all of which seemed full of various notebooks and pens. Her loose-fitting shirt was unbuttoned revealing a red bikini top that barely contained a nice pair of boobs. I was also impressed with her flat stomach that was showing toned abs. "You can look at my butt, no worries," she said and winked, passing me to lead the way to her campsite.
Casey, who heard the remark whispered. "She's a lesbian."
"I heard that," Milly retorted as she walked away "And it doesn't make my butt any less exciting to a randy male Casey".
We went around the edge of the building and came into another small clearing. There were two tents set up. One was a large three-sided canvas structure with a central pole , it had a number of tables inside covered with laptops and paperwork. A smaller tent was set back under the trees and looked like a sleeping tent. Milly pointed to a spot on the other side of the big tent for me to set up.
For the next fifteen minutes Casey helped pull my tent out and set it up. I wasn't feeling nauseous anymore but had become quite tired all of a sudden. I thanked Casey for the help and told her I was going to lie down for a few minutes. As soon as my head hit my make-shift pillow I must have fallen asleep.
Waking up a bit disorientated, it took a minute to realize where I was. I crawled out of the tent and stretched. To my surprise I felt no lingering effect from the sea sickness. Grabbing my water bottle I made my way over to where the rest of the group had set up camp.
Final exams were over and we were all on an end of year 'get back to nature' camp. A couple of months ago we came up with a list of places we could go and the class had voted for their choice. Someone had suggested an island bird sanctuary. It sounded cool, camping and hiking on an island ... and it got the majority of votes. The school had arranged it with the Conservation Department and here we were for the next two weeks.
In hindsight if I'd known what kind of sailor I was going to be I'd probably have voted for the mountain wilderness option.
I entered the camp area and saw everyone had successfully erected their tents but was surprised that no-one was around. The only noise I heard was coming from the Ranger Station, so I walked round the front and made my way up the front steps. Figuring everyone was inside I didn't knock and walked right in. The room I entered was an office with a couple of desks and computers. The walls were covered in maps of the island and posters of birds and native plants. No-one was there so I went through a side door towards what looked like a meeting room ... again no-one. Another door lead through into a hallway and I heard music coming from a room down at the end. I wandered down to the door and looked inside, it was a bedroom, a set of bunks and a couple of chairs being the only furniture. The bottom bunk had clothes all over it, as did most of the floor. No-one was there but an iPod and speakers showed me the origin of the music. I turned to go back up the hall when I bumped straight into Casey. We hit each other so hard that she fell backwards into the wall and started to fall over ... the towel that was wrapped around her body started to come loose and she gripped it with one hand to stop it coming off. I quickly reached out and grabbed her to stop her fall.
"What the fuck!" Casey exclaimed as she regained her feet.
"Sorry, I didn't see you." I blurted out as an apology, releasing her from my grip.
"What are you doing in my room!" she said accusingly.
I didn't answer straight away as my eyes had diverted to her exposed right breast where the towel had fallen away. I'd seen a few breasts in my time but this one was spectacular. Smallish but pert with a perfect little nipple right where it should be.
"Fuck!" Casey exclaimed again realizing what I was looking at. She quickly raised the towel.
"Sorry, shit, sorry." I mumbled and shot down the hallway into the meeting room.
I wandered outside and for the next ten minutes looked for the others but saw no-one. Finally I sat on the front steps and stared down to the sea ... which to my disgust looked awfully calm again.
A noise behind caused me to turn around. It was Casey, she was dressed in the same clothes as earlier.
"What the hell were you doing in my room?"
"I was looking for the others, I heard music so I went to see."
"Oh, Ok." Casey said with a nod of understanding as she sat next to me. "I was in the shower and left the music on."
"Hey I'm sorry I didn't mean to stare ... at you know." I said apologetically.
"Yeah well you stopped me falling, so thanks I guess. But lets just forget about the boob peek eh."
"I could lie to you and say I'll forget, but really that's not going to happen ... what about I promise not to mention it again OK?"
"I suppose that's going to have to do."
"It was a beautiful boob by the way."
"I thought you said you wouldn't mention it again!"
"And that starts now ... I promise." I gave her a mock scout salute.
"It better, Tiny!"
We sat in silence for a moment.
"So, in a complete change of subject can you tell me where everyone is, the campsite looks like a ghost town."
"Uncle Rex has taken them all up to the summit."
"How long ago did they leave?"
"Casey thought for a moment. "Probably about an hour ago."
"Why didn't anyone come and get me?"
"You were asleep. I told your teacher that I'd given you something to cure the sea sickness and that it makes you tired. Sorry, I thought you'd be better sleeping and it's quite a climb up the mountain."
"I suppose I do feel better." I acknowledged. "But if I left now would I be able to catch them?"
"Nah, you're better off staying down here. Uncle Rex always sets a pretty fast pace, he says it 'blows out the cobwebs from city folks'. He pushes hard but then rewards everyone by cooking up some sausages with bread at the top. He's got a barbeque up there. They won't be back until six thirty at the earliest."
"So what do we do in the mean time?" I asked standing and stretching.
"What about a walk to the waterfalls. They're about twenty minutes away." Casey suggested.
"Sounds good to me, I suppose I need to 'blow out the cobwebs too'." I said grinning.
"We should see if Poppy wants to come too." Casey said as she started down the steps.
"Poppy's here too. How come she got left behind?"
"She wasn't feeling that good from the trip over either so I gave her my secret potion and it knocked her out as well."
"What's in that anyway, you got a license to drug people?" I asked as we walked to the tents.
"It's all-natural stuff, my Mom's a scientist and she came up with it when I used to get car sick. It never fails."
"Are your Mom and Dad here too?" I asked.
"They're on a base in Antarctica for the summer. Dads a scientist too. They're down there doing research on durable rock plants or something like that."
"Hey that's cool, Antarctica. They didn't take you along?"
"Not allowed. Anyway I like my summers warm. I came out here after my exams, didn't want to stay at home alone. I come here most summers and help out Uncle Rex. "
We approached Poppy's tent and called out. She crawled out a few minutes later and agreed to join us on the walk.
Now Poppy is a bit unusual. She's a cross between an emo and a nerd. She almost always dresses in black with black eye make-up, and her hair is dyed black. I not sure how many tattoos she's got but it's quite a few. She's also really smart and passes all tests and exams without even trying. Most people seem to think she's strange and I know she doesn't have many friends. I've never seen her at parties and stuff like that. Earlier that year we were partnered up in a school fundraising quiz for child cancer. We beat everyone, with Poppy answering all the academic questions and I got most of the sports and entertainment ones. I wouldn't say we became friends at the time, I tried to get to know her but she's pretty quiet and reserved. I have stopped others poking fun at her at school since then though.
Casey led the way to the waterfall and we started walking on a narrow bush track along the coastline. I tagged along behind the other two and even though Poppy was wearing a black long-sleeved shirt and knee length shorts I couldn't help staring at her butt too. I was wondering what kind of panties they'd be wearing ... I know what you're thinking , small one-track adolescent mind! Sex did tend to pre-occupy my thoughts in those days. I'd only had real sex once in my life and it was a complete disaster ... we were both virgins and neither of us really knew what we were doing. It was just something that we thought we should do as we'd been going out for awhile. We broke up soon after. Since then I'd only had one steady girlfriend and had only gotten as far as second base with her before her family moved out of the area. So my current sex life was masturbation, with a bit of voyeurism thrown in.
Yep, over the last six months I'd witnessed some great voyeur sex. Let me explain ... with some family history first.
My Mom and Dad divorced two years ago, and it was the best thing that could have happened for our family. Dad was nineteen when he and Mom meet, she was twenty three. Their parents became friends through Dads work and one thanksgiving it was decided that both families would celebrate together at a holiday home in the lake-district. Mom was just finishing college and she had gone through a recent bad break-up with a boyfriend. Dad was a freshman, on a football scholarship. The two had never meet before but during the long weekend one thing lead to another and they had sex. Three months later Mom announced she was pregnant. Dad figured he should at least offer to do the right thing, and asked Mom to marry him. To everyone's surprise Mom accepted, and so began sixteen years of a love hate relationship. Deep down I know they grew to love each other and even had a second child, my twelve year old sister Katie. But the truth was they really had nothing in common except for us kids. Finally they divorced and everything changed ... they stayed good friends, they were happier, my sister and I were happier, it was great. Mom started dating a college professor she worked with. Dad, who was a sports journalist, meet a professional French pole vaulter and they fell in love.
Dad had moved into a penthouse apartment about fifteen minutes away from home and Katie and I could spend as much time staying there as we wanted. I normally stayed weekends as Dad would come to my rugby games and I would go with him to some great sports events. Madeline (Maddie) moved in with Dad when she wasn't at international events. Maddie was twenty-seven, nine years younger than Dad, and she had a fantastic athletic body, with long blonde hair and deep blue eyes. Her career as a pole vaulter was winding down and she was keen to settle down, wanting to study sports psychology. Katie and I got on really well with Maddie and she was great fun to be around ... plus I must admit I loved seeing her sexy body in just about everything she wore. OK, back to the voyeur stuff ... Dads apartment had two separate sleeping areas, the master suite was at one end and on the other side of the living area were two more ensuite bedrooms that Katie and I used. The apartment was kind of shaped like a U. My bathroom window faced out towards the master bedroom and bathroom. Because the views from the master suite were spectacular both the bedroom and bathroom had floor to ceiling windows. A previous tenant must have realized that you could see across from my bathroom window so they had put a plastic film put over the glass, and now light could come in but you couldn't see out. However I quickly found out that by cutting a thin piece off the bottom of the plastic I could see clearly into the other windows.
My first night as a voyeur was spectacular. Dad was away for the weekend but Maddie was home. We went to bed at the same time and I rushed into my bathroom and took up my peeking position, careful to leave the light off in the room so Maddie couldn't see any shadow on the glass. When her bedroom light came on it was like daylight, I could see everything. She didn't pull the blind down as there was no need, no-one from other apartments or from the ground could see inside. I stripped off my clothes and was already fully erect as I waited for Maddie to undress. To my disappointment she started doing stretching and weights exercises on the floor, still dressed in her shorts and tank top. It was still pretty hot watching her supple body as she went through her routine. After about twenty minutes she started to ease down and I could see the sweat glistening off her long-tanned limbs. Then suddenly without any warning she stripped off her tank top and sports bra, revealing her breasts. They were perfect, not too small and not too big, they suited her slim athletic figure. She turned and headed for the bathroom, flicking on the light as she entered. Looking at herself in the large mirror she bent forward and slipped her shorts down her legs ... she wasn't wearing any panties. Her pubic area was shaved except for a small strip of light brown hair. I was mesmerized by her sheer beauty as she turned and stepped into the open shower area. My cock was throbbing and I hadn't even touched it, I could see precum had started leaking out of the tip. Looking back through the window I decided to prolong my orgasm as long as possible and enjoy the view ... that didn't happen. Maddie turned on the water and while the rain shower head rinsed the sweat off her body she started to masturbate! One hand rubbed her breasts and pinched her nipples while the other went straight to her clit. Within a couple of minutes I had exploded and cum shot out of my cock all over the tiled wall. Once I had recovered, my attention returned to Maddie. She was taking things a bit slower than me, but her hand motions were getting faster, and I could see by her facial expressions that she was being pretty vocal. My cock was still as hard as rock so I started jacking off again. Finally, Maddie started to buck her hips forward and then her whole body contorted in what was my first live female orgasm ... to celebrate I came a second time with almost as much cum spurting out onto the tiles as before. That was my first but by no means my last night masturbating while looking out that window. I've watched my Dad and Maddie have sex in about every position possible and have even seen them play out a few fantasies with her tied to the bed, even a little whipping, and on one occasion a friend of Maddie's from France joined them in a threesome ... I think I came four times that night.
I don't feel strange watching my Dad have sex, they're just a good-looking couple, and it's not like I'm in the room with them. I don't watch when they lie in bed afterwards talking and kissing as that seems more personal and private ... that's just the way I see it anyway. Still it's been a hell of a learning curve and I think I know every way to give and receive pleasure with a girl. I know my Mom and Dad had great sex, Katie and I could hear them sometimes ... we'd sit in the hallway and giggle listening ... maybe the sex is what kept them together for so long.
Anyway, back to the walk through the bush to the waterfall. We'd turned inland onto quite a steep track and even though I was pretty fit by the time we reached the top my body was starting to sweat. Poppy was panting for breath and her skin was glowing with sweat too. Another couple of minutes and we rounded a bend and there it was, or more to the point there they were. Two waterfalls, one higher up that dropped about 15 feet onto a rocky outcrop and then another 40 foot fall into a large pond at the bottom. I must admit they were pretty spectacular and far better than I was expecting. We stood at the bottom by the pool for a few minutes admiring the view and letting the breeze blow a mist of cool spray over our hot bodies. "Com'on, I've got something cool to show you." Casey said as she made her way around the rocks to the side of the falls.
Poppy and I followed along and suddenly lost sight of Casey as she disappeared into the rock wall. We looked ahead but couldn't see where she had gone.
"In here!" Casey's head popped out from behind a big rock and disappeared again.
We approached the spot where she'd gone and saw a gap between the shear rock face and the big rock in front. Poppy and I squeezed through the gap and came out to into a small clearing at the side of the falls. Casey was no where to be seen again. Then from above we heard her shout over the sound of the falling water.
"Start climbing, there's hand holds in the rock face to your right!"
We looked over and then up, just in time to see Casey's feet disappear out of sight about 20 feet up.
"You first." I said to Poppy. "I'll catch you if you fall." I added smiling.
Poppy flashed a smile and leapt onto the rock face.
"What makes you think I'll fall, try and keep up." she laughed and started to climb with effortless ease.
"Bloody hell." I stood shocked for a moment and then launched myself onto the rock face and raced after her.
Reaching the top I tumbled over onto a large ledge where Casey and Poppy were waiting.
"You took your time ... we could have had a nap waiting for you!" Poppy mocked, shaking her head.
"What are you a mountain goat?" I replied looking back over the ledge at the 40-foot drop.
"Hey this is nothing compared to what I have to climb to get home every night in the city."
I looked back at her confused but instead of giving more information she just got up and walked away toward the second waterfall. Casey followed and I tagged behind.
I was already impressed with the pool at the bottom of the lower falls but the one under the top falls was even more spectacular. It was a lot smaller than the one below but because of the closeness of the falling water and the rocks all around it looked amazing.
"Who's up for a swim?" Casey asked, already removing her hiking boots and socks.
"In our clothes?" Poppy queried.
"If you want ... but they'll take awhile to dry even in this heat, I'm going in my underwear." Casey replied and started to pull her top off.
I was liking this idea, as I saw Casey drop her T Shirt on a rock. However I was disappointed that her sports bra hardly revealed anything of those perky little boobs. I was even more disappointed when she looked at me and gestured with her hand.
"Turn around TJ, no panty shots today."
I obediently turned around and waited facing the bushes.
"Stay that way until Poppy gets undressed." Casey added.
"Come on Poppy, it's really quite warm, the sun on the rocks heats the water in shallow parts." I heard Casey say before a splash indicated she had dived in. I waited until I heard a second splash, followed a few seconds later by Poppy telling me I could turn around. Stripping off my boots, socks, T Shirt and shorts, I approached the edge of the water. The girls were in the middle of the pool and I noticed Poppy still had her shirt on.
"Whoo hoo! Nice body Tiny!" Casey hooted.
I'm sure I blushed at her comment, but hoped I was too far away for her see. Quickly diving into the water, I came up a couple of yards in front of the girls and was greeted with a splash in the face from Casey. An all-out splashing fight ensued as we treaded water, laughing and trying to grab what air we could. I quickly noticed I was being ganged up on by the other two, so taking measures into my own hands I lunged forward and putting a hand on each head I dunked them below the surface. In return they tried to dunk me and we wrestled around until suddenly Poppy pulled away.
"Oh, damn it all!" Poppy exclaimed in an annoyed tone.
Casey and I stopped and looked over as Poppy ducked beneath the surface. We looked at each other confused until Poppy's head appeared above the water.
"My shirts come off!" Poppy explained.
We all looked around until I saw it over in the shallow water.
"Over there." I pointed and swam over to retrieve the shirt.
Unusually Poppy didn't follow me over to where I held her shirt up. She hung in the deeper water, with an uncertain look on her face. Casey noted something was wrong.
"What's the matter Poppy?" Casey asked concerned.
"Nothing ... it's just that ... I don't like people seeing me up there."
"You've got a bra on haven't you?"
"Yeah, it's not my boobs I'm worried about ... it's ... I've got some pretty weird tattoos and I don't want people to know ... they already think I'm a freak."
"Hey, it's cool. I'll bring the shirt over." I offered.
"No wait, it's OK." Poppy said and sighed. "Just throw it up on the rocks ... I guess I can trust you not to tell anyone ... right TJ?" she asked looking at me intently.
"Of course you can." I replied sincerely.
"OK, it's cool then." Poppy said and swam off towards the waterfall.
Casey and I looked at each other, shrugged, and carried on swimming ourselves.
About ten minutes later Casey headed for a large flat rock and slithered out of the water onto her back on the warm stone surface. I followed her and sat on the edge with my feet still in the water. Casey had her eyes shut and I couldn't help but steal a glance at her wet panties as they clung to her lower body. They had become a little see through.
"Saw that." She said squinting up at me.
"Hey, I've already seen your boobs remember?" I said calmly as though looking at her pubic region was nothing. In reality I was starting to get a little erect, so I slipped back into the water.
"Hey, I thought we weren't going to mention that again?" Casey said still lying there squinting at me.
"He's seen your boobs!" Poppy said from behind Casey.
Casey sat up shocked that Poppy was out of the water and had heard the comment. She turned to explain my comment but just ended up staring open mouthed. I was looking up from the water stunned as well.
Poppies upper body was covered in dozens of colorful tattoos. There were butterflies, angels, flowers, skulls and snakes. A huge assortment of various designs. Poppy instinctively put her hands over her upper body to cover up. She looked embarrassed.
"Wow! You look amazing Poppy." Casey finally managed to say in awe.
"Wow, is right ... you're like a piece of living art Poppy." I said in agreement.
"You really like it?" Poppy said uncertainly.
"Heck yeah!" Casey exclaimed. "Don't cover them up."
"Yeah , Pops, you look great." I smiled up at her.
I'd only called her 'Pops' once before and it was while giving her a hug after we won the charity quiz. I kind of knew she liked the endearment as she had squeezed a little harder in the hug.
Poppy smiled at me and let her hands down. She sat next to Casey. For the next twenty minutes Poppy explained each tattoo and why she'd got them. There were ones for happy reasons but also ones she'd gotten in dark times. It was like her life story in pictures. She explained that her Dad had left when she was nine, he was a violent man and had beaten both her and her Mom. Her Mom had stabbed him with a kitchen knife once when he was slapping Poppy around and finally the police arrested him and he was sent to prison for three years. After only a year inside he had been killed in a fight over an iPod. Her Mom had been on drugs for years and died of an overdose on Poppies fourteenth birthday. She'd lived with her sister and her sister's boyfriend for two years but when she was sixteen the boyfriend started to touch her. She confronted her sister about it but wasn't believed and got kicked out on the streets. For the last two years she had been living rough and had a part time job at a bakery before school to earn money. She now lived in a tent on a hill by above a park near the school. She climbed up to her little clearing each night, it was a safe place with two others living there in their own tent. They even had a small stream nearby that they used to get drinking water and wash. One of the others living there was a tattoo artist who still worked in town, he was the one who had tatted Poppy.
I couldn't believe what I heard. She was an A student and was always at school. How the hell could she do that and live in a tent. I suddenly realized I'd never bothered to take much time to just talk to her ... we'd been in the same classes since elementary school. I felt so bad and I found myself apologizing to her all through her story.
When she'd finished, Casey was on the verge of crying and I was pretty choked up too. Poppy told us she was going to be OK. Her future plan included university and she wanted to be an environmental anthropologist ... I wasn't sure what that even was but knew she was smart enough to probably do anything. I apologized again for not taking time to talk to her and trying harder to be a friend ... her reply shocked me.
"TJ, you're probably the only person at school who has ever tried to be my friend. I was always pushing you away ... it's what I've always done to survive. But I've never forgotten when we won that quiz and you called me Pops ... that was real special to me. I even got a tat to remember it," she said quietly before tears flooded her eyes. I was surprised by her reaction and reached over and gave her a hug. It lasted a long time as she quietly wept. Casey sat beside us and gently caressed Poppy's arm.
Finally Poppy took a deep breath and let me go.
"Can I show you your tat" she said with a sniff.
"I'd like that." I replied softly.
Poppy reached behind her and unhooked her bra, letting it fall away into her lap. She turned slightly and there on the side of her right breast was 'TJ's Pops' surrounded by a red heart. I just stared at it. She'd actually had my name tattooed onto her breast. I must have looked shocked.
"Hey, the heart doesn't mean I'm in love with you or anything." Poppy stated seeing my reaction. "Heart symbols mean something good to me ... you made me feel good, so you got a heart."
"I don't know what to say ... I'm honored that you would do that."
"Thanks." She said smiling. "But what about the boobs ... are they OK? You know you're the first guy ... and girl for that matter, to see them ... are they as nice as Casey's? Something which you haven't explained yet by the way."
"They are amazingly beautiful boobs if you ask me." said Casey grinning.
"I would have to totally agree with that ... but comparison is hard cause I only got a brief glimpse of one of Casey's so I'm unsure." I looked at Casey and shrugged.
"Are you kidding me, really ... you think I'm going to let you see my boobs again!" she said shaking her head.
"It'd be only for research purposes. Come on, I'm sure your scientist parents would agree." I joked.
"Yeah right! I'm pretty sure they'd question your reasons for this research, and besides how can I compare to Poppy, she's got your freaking name on hers!"
"From what I saw earlier ... a hallway bumping towel drop (I said explaining to Poppy). I think you would provide a very a worthy comparison."
"Well for the sake of science." Casey sighed and pulled her sports bra off.
I couldn't believe it. Here I was staring at not one but two pairs of amazing breasts. I looked from one to the other and tried to put a serious face on as though I was actually judging something.
"Want to check for bounce?" Casey said, trying to sound professional.
She cupped both breasts, raised them up and then dropped them. There was hardly any bounce as they were so firm. To my surprise Poppy followed suit, with the same result. Both girls looked at me for a comment. I was feeling a stirring in my shorts that could become embarrassing, but there was no way I was going to stop this little game.
"Ahh ... still not sure." I shook my head and tapped my chin as in deep in thought.
"Maybe you need to touch for firmness." Poppy said making eye contact.
She leaned slightly forward and pushed her breasts out.
"Good point." Casey agreed and sat more upright with her breasts pushed out.
Ok, my cock was now definitely on the move and to be honest I didn't give a shit. Reaching out I cupped a breast of each girl. Gently I squeezed each in turn, then I rubbed my thumb over their nipples. That got an audible moan from Poppy, she blushed as her nipple grew hard. Casey's little nub was also stiffening under my attention and her areola became covered in goose bumps. I switched breasts and repeated my actions. There was a tension in the air as we looked intently at each other. Not really knowing where to go from here I followed what I'd seen my Dad do with Maddie. I lowered my head and took Poppy's nipple into my mouth and sucked, rolling my tongue over the tip ... I also continued my hand play with Casey's breasts. Poppy was now breathing deeper and I could hear her gasp as I switched to her other breast. After a couple of minutes I looked up and both girls had their eyes shut and their breathing told be they were both aroused. I lowered my head to Casey's now very hard and red nipples, while my hand went over to caress Poppy.
I was rock hard now and wasn't sure if either girl had looked to see. Their breathing was now getting to the point of panting ... I pulled my head back again and was shocked to see that Casey had one hand inside her panties and was gently rubbing ... Poppy was staring straight at my bulging underwear, which were straining to hold my erection. She looked at me then lowered her hand and rubbed it along my cock. I stared back at her and reached forward and slipped my hand between her legs, brushing across her still damp panties. We both kept our eyes locked on each other as our hand movements increased in speed. Poppy's eyes kind of glazed over and she shut them as I felt her moving her hips in time to my hand movements. I then felt a second hand on my cock and glanced down just in time to see Casey's hand reach over my waistband and slid inside my underwear. I looked up at her and she was smiling at me with an intense look in her eyes. I recognized the look straight away, Maddie had it just before she orgasmed. Casey's hand was moving faster over her panty covered clit and just as her body started to shake I latched my mouth onto her nipple again and sucked it strongly. With a guttural cry Casey orgasmed and her whole body went into spasms. I sat up and pulled her body into mine and enjoyed the feeling of her as she twitched and ground into me. All this was too much for my cock and I pulled it out and shot rope after rope of cum over both girls legs and stomachs. It took both of us a few minutes to regain our breathing and finally we sat back.
"Fuck, that was awesome!" Poppy said looking at us grinning. "I never knew watching someone cum could be such a fucking turn on. You two were amazing!" "Did you ... you know ... as well? I mean I think we kind of ignored you a bit" Casey said apologetically.
"You bet! You just couldn't hear me over all the noise you were making." Poppy replied.
"Sorry about the mess." I said with a sheepish grin.
"Oh, ... I didn't notice that." Casey looked down at her stomach and thighs and then glanced at Poppy's.
"All that came out of you!" she exclaimed in wonder.
"Afraid so." I answered, "I can tell you it's a lot more than usual"
"Usual, meaning when you're with your girlfriend?" Casey asked.
"I don't have a girlfriend, and I haven't done anything like this with any of the girls I've dated before ... well OK there was one girl, but it wasn't a good memory for either of us." I said honestly.
"Well, if we're telling the truth, I've never been past first base". Casey replied.
"I know I sure as hell haven't!" added Poppy. We were all quiet for a long moment.
"We should wash off." Casey finally broke the silence.
I stood and moved to the side so they could get past and into the water.
"I'm not an expert but isn't that supposed shrink again?" Poppy said pointing to my still erect cock.
"Ah ... probably ... yeah." I mumbled slightly embarrassed that they were both now staring. "This is all pretty new to me so I don't know ... normally he goes down ... but it doesn't help that you two are standing in-front of me naked."
"How big is it ... I mean length wise ... I thought they were smaller than that?" Casey asked looking up at me then returning her gaze down.
"Seven and a half inches." I replied.
"You know exactly, you've measured it!" Poppy said laughing.
"It's a guy thing OK". I blushed and brushed past her diving into the water.
The girls followed me in and Poppy swam over to where I was treading water.
"I didn't mean to embarrass you TJ."
"It's OK." I smiled at her.
"So it is bigger than normal then?" Casey asked me again as she joined us.
"Yeah, a bit I guess."
"Cool ... and I like it ... I think it's a nice shape," she added and swam off towards the rocks where our clothes were.
Poppy grinned at me. "I agree with her research." She turned and swam off after Casey.
We dressed and climbed down the rocks to the walking track and made our way back to the campsite. As the tents came into view, we stopped and looked at each other. There was an awkward silence.
"Well this has all been pretty surreal." Poppy said.
"Yeah, I guess it has." I shrugged.
"So it's our secret, right?" Casey looked at us both for agreement.
"Yeah." We both said in unison.
"But we're gonna do it again, right?" Casey added with mischievous smile.
"Hell yeah!" Poppy said smiling back.
"Who am I do deny you wishes." I added, smiling too.
The others weren't back yet so we went down to the dock to wait for Maria, Rex's girlfriend, and Bella, Milly's research partner to return from the mainland with supplies. When their boat finally docked we helped lug boxes of groceries up to the Ranger Station kitchen and then helped prepare dinner.
Bella was as good looking as Milly, but while Milly was dark haired and black, Bella was a redhead with short styled hair and long lightly tanned limbs. Maria, who was also a park ranger, had been Uncle Rex's girlfriend for about a year. For a woman in her late thirties she looked pretty hot in her Khaki ranger shorts and matching shirt. The next few days at camp went by quickly and I didn't get many chances to be alone with either Casey or Poppy for any length of time. Hikes with bird spotting and lectures on local flora and fauna took up most of the day. In the evenings we were all pretty tired and sleep came quickly.
Casey did sneak into my tent one night for a few minutes but she was scared off pretty quick when Rex and Maria sat nearby on the back porch smoking a joint.
By the end of the first week I was desperate to spend more time with the girls and it almost happened, but in a rather unusual way.
We had just come out of a morning lecture and were returning to our camp when all hell broke loose. Ten of the girls tents had been de-pegged and were lying on the ground in piles. The girls immediately blamed some of the boys for pulling a prank and started accusing them. The guy's denied having anything to do with it, but thought it was funny. They laughed and the girls got madder. Our teachers tried to calm things down and it took awhile, with the guys still saying they weren't involved ... none of the girls or the teachers believed that. Poppy's tent was one of those pulled down, and after a few swear words to the guys, she grabbed her tent and started to drag it away up the rise toward the clearing I was in.
"Where are you going Poppy?" Mr Rond our science teacher asked.
Without looking back Poppy answered in an angry tone. "I'm shifting to an area not so populated by little boys!" She flipped the bird in the general direction of the guys and continued pulling her tent with the contents still rattling around inside.
"That'll do with the hand gestures thank you Poppy." Mr Rond responded. "And don't go further than the next clearing."
I was standing with Casey while all this happened and now at her prompting we followed Poppy to my camp site.
"There's no room for another tent up here." I remarked as we walked into the clearing.
Poppy was still dragging her tent and we saw Milly point for her to go over to where I was camped. The first thing I noticed was my tent had been moved. It was closer to the bushes and there was now a clear spot for Poppy to set up her tent.
"Who did that?" I was totally confused.
Milly who had followed us over pointed at Casey. "Little miss here's idea."
"Hey, you helped!" Casey said accusingly, eyeing Milly and the approaching Bela.
"We didn't touch TJ's tent." Bela said defensively.
"Yeah, but you helped pull the pegs on all the other tents."
"Maybe we did and maybe we didn't. You'll never get us to confess in a court of law." Bela said holding her hands up in mock denial.
Milly and Bela started back to their tent.
"You owe us Casey, remember all our washing for two weeks!" Milly said over her shoulder as they walked away.
"You did this?" I looked at Casey in disbelief.
"They helped. But yeah it was my idea." she said with a look of accomplishment.
"You knew?" I asked Poppy.
"Pretty cunning plan eh? This girl is a real sneaky piece of work." she replied taking Casey's hand and giving it a squeeze.
"What did you tell Milly and Bela ... about why Poppy wanted to be up here?" I asked.
"I think they got the impression that I like Poppy ... actually that I want Poppy." Casey emphasized the word want and blew a mock kiss in Poppy's direction.
"Oh, OK. So it's a case of, girls helping girls to do what girls want to do." I said as my way of explanation. "I get it."
"Apparently you don't get anything, it's an all-girls thing up here in this camping area!," Casey and smiling. Poppy laughed.
"Ha ha." I responded acknowledging her wit. "Anyway how was it supposed to work with my tent so close, were you two supposed to be super silent?"
"According to Bela, we can be as noisy as we like, because you'll be in your tent having a good time jacking off listening to us."
"She'd probably be right." I agreed grinning.
"I told Uncle Rex that it was getting to hot to sleep inside, so I asked if it was OK to tent for the rest of summer. He said yes. So, the real point here is, guess where I'll be spending my nights from now on?" Casey said raising her eyebrows. "With my new friend Poppy of course ... and I'm certain we would be open for visitors!"
"You better not snore in your sleep!" I joked.
"Who said I'm going to be sleeping." Casey said in way that had my cock twitching.
We reset Poppy's tent next to mine ... as close as we thought would be acceptable. Casey raided the storage cupboard inside the ranger station and came back with a half dozen sleeping bags that we unzipped and lay out on the groundsheet to form a large comfortable sleeping base. Half an hour later we joined the others back at the other campsite where the rest of the girls tents had been restored as well.
Casey joined us again that day and everyone had accepted her as part of the group. Already all the unattached guys had tried to hit on her but she'd told them she had a boyfriend back at home and wasn't interested. It was also interesting that Poppy had been more integrated into the group over the last week as well, maybe it was because we were outside of the school social network and we were all doing the same thing. She would walk and talk with the others on the hikes and it was cool to see.
We'd set off on a track to the other side of the island, and for the rest of the morning I was semi hard thinking of how my nights were now going to get far more enjoyable ... maybe that's what distracted me when disaster struck. I slipped on a hill climb and fell down a steep slope. Luckily I didn't break anything, but I was pretty banged up with a few cuts and a lot of bruising. I was patched up and then helped back to camp. Initially the staff wanted to send me home but I said I wanted to stay and I wasn't up to the boat ride with a strong wind making the crossing really rough. The condition on me staying was I had to sleep inside the station house in a proper bed ... so I moved into Casey's room and she moved into the tent with Poppy.
The first night I was pretty doped up on pain killers so drifted off to sleep quickly.
The next day I rested up and was pretty sore. Casey stayed behind so I had some company. We thought we'd get time alone but Maria hung around wanting to talk. She just wanted to bond more with Casey and this was the first time she had the chance since Casey's arrival. So I lay on the bed and the two of them sat in a couple of old wicker chairs and talked. Casey had only met Maria once before and they knew very little about each other. So between naps I heard a lot about them both. It was interesting and I learnt quite a bit about Casey and her likes and dislikes. I suppose it would mean I wouldn't have to ask those questions at a later date. I was still hoping for some alone time with her but it didn't eventuate.
By bedtime that night I was feeling frustrated, and sore. Sleep didn't come easily and I lay awake staring at the ceiling. It was also warm inside even with the breeze coming through the open window. I unzipped my sleeping bag and lay on top with just my underwear on ... but that was a little cold. I got up and went over to the closet to look for a cotton sheet to cover me. There were a couple of sheets on a shelf just above head height, but as I reached up to grab one I noticed a pin prick of light coming from the back wall of the closet at about eye level. I leant closer and saw a small hole in the wallboard. There was no interior lining in the closet so the light must have been coming directly from the next room. I carefully put my eye to the hole and looked through. The first thing I saw was Rex sitting in bed reading, he was on the far side of what I realized was his bedroom. I hadn't thought that Maria and Rex's bedroom would back on to Casey's as their small apartment entrance was off the kitchen. I made a quick calculation in my mind and pictured the Ranger Station lay-out and realized that the rooms could actually back on to one another, when they appeared to be quite a distance apart as you moved around the hallways inside.
I returned my eye to the view through the hole just as Maria came into the room. She was wearing a short light green dressing gown that exposed a lot of her long-tanned legs. I felt my heart beat rise as I continued to watch her walk around the bed and pull the sheets back. I wondered what she might be wearing under the robe as her hands moved to untie the sash holding the front together. I was hoping for a sexy nightie or even just a bra and panties but when she removed the robe, to my pleasant surprise she was naked. My cock immediately stirred and my heart rate went up another few beats. I knew she was a good-looking woman but seeing her nude body surpassed all my expectations ... her breasts were larger than any others I'd seen live before, they looked firm and hung nicely with large brown areolas and very long nipples. Her pubic hair was completely shaved and I could clearly see her labia poking out beneath the join in her thighs. She sat on the bed next to Rex and leant over to kiss him, he in turn put his book down and returned her kiss, his hands caressing her back and neck. Maria's hand disappeared under the sheets and I could tell she'd taken hold of his cock and was stroking it.
By this time I had my own cock in hand and all my feelings of frustration had suddenly vanished.
Rex and Maria continued to kiss on the bed and they were getting more aroused by the second. Rex sat more upright and pulled the sheet completely off, revealing his now stiff dick that was being was pumped up and down. Maria then broke their kiss and lowered her head and took the hard penis into her mouth, she took his full length inside until her lips were up against his pubes. Her blow job was obviously very good as Rex was soon moaning in pleasure as he gripping the back of her head. Just as I thought he was going to come in her mouth, she pulled her head up. Rex moaned in protest, but he soon had a smile back on his face as Maria threw a leg over his waist and straddled his hard appendage. She then slowly lowed herself onto him until she was fully impaled. Rex reached over and opened the top drawer of the beside cabinet, he removed a small pink six-inch vibrator and handed it to Maria. She took the sex toy and pushed a button on the top then placed it gently onto her hooded clitoris. They soon got into a rhythm with Rex pushing his hips upwards and Maria lowering hers into him. Neither of them were able to last very long and soon both were grinding into one another as they orgasmed. My own orgasm followed shortly afterward and I shot a generous amount of cum up against the closet wall. I was breathing so hard that I had to step back into the bedroom fearing they would hear me. Once I regained my composure I looked back through the hole. Rex and Maris were cuddling and after a few words and a kiss he pulled the sheet over them and switched off the light. I had to quickly put my thumb over the hole so no light would be seen from my bedroom into theirs. I looked for something to cover the hole and was rewarded by finding a piece of black tape on the floor. Sticking it over the hole I wondered if it had been used for the same purpose before and had fallen off. As I lay back in bed I wondered who had made the spy hole, and more to the point who had used it before me ... maybe Casey had some voyeuristic tendencies. I fell asleep with a picture in my mind of Casey masturbating watching her uncle and his girlfriend fuck.
The next day I still couldn't go out hiking with the others so I paid a visit to Milly's research tent and asked some questions about what they were doing. Initially it was all about having something to do rather than a real interest in their work, but in the end I started to enjoy Milly and Bela's explanations and hearing about their goals. The day went quicker than I thought it would.
That night I peeked through the hole again but Maria went to bed in a long T-Shirt and after a quick kiss their light went off. I went to bed and masturbated before nodding off.
I repeated my visit to the research tent the next day and had a lot of fun with Milly and Bela. Their conversations with me were laced with sexual innuendo at every opportunity and they took great joy at trying to embarrass me. I caught on pretty fast and was soon talking back with the same bawdy chatter.
After dinner that night we had a bit of a celebration. It was Rex's birthday and a huge chocolate cake had been made that was big enough for everyone to get a piece. We then played a game based on Rex's life story ... Maria and Casey had made up a bunch of statements about what he'd done in his life, some of it true some not. The group had to vote on what they thought was true and false. It's amazing what you can learn about a person in a game like that. We found out that he had been in the army for four years and had seen action in two overseas tours. He'd also gotten an award for bravery when saving a family from a forest fire when he was junior park ranger. His favorite film was 'Love Actually' ... that made us all laugh. He also loved bananas and bacon on toast but hated peanuts and couldn't pronounce the word marsh-mellows properly. It was a good evening and by the way Maria keep looking at him proudly when his heroic past was revealed I reckoned there might just be a good time waiting for him later in bed that night ... a good time for both us.
My guess proved right, and I was naked, stiff and waiting when they hopped on their bed later that night. Like me, they were naked and before long a round of 69 was followed by a brief spell of missionary position. Then I hit the jackpot ... Rex reached into the bedside cabinet and this time he pulled out two toys ... the pink vibrator was back and it was joined by a silver butt plug. Maria got onto her knees as Rex lubed up the plug with some coconut oil. He then gently inserted the plug into Maria's little puckered arse-hole. His cock, which was still stiff, also got a little coconut oil applied before they started to fuck doggie style. Maria had the vibrator tight up against her clit and it wasn't long before she threw her head back and spasmed through a nice orgasm. Rex let her rest for a moment and then he withdrew his cock from her pussy. He then carefully removed the silver plug from her butt and replaced it with his finger, which he slid in and out of her tight hole. More coconut oil to his penis was followed by him pushing his cock-head slowly into his girlfriend's now lubricated butt hole. The head popped inside and Maria looked back and held her hand up for him to stop moving. She took a few deep breaths letting the pain she was feeling subside as her splinter muscles relaxed. Finally with a nod of her head Rex continued pushing his cock further in until his balls rested up against her pussy lips. He once again stopped and let her body adjust.
This was all too much for me and I shot my load out onto the wall in front of me. I took a few deep breathes and carried on looking through the spyhole ... I also carried on jerking my cock as it was still rock hard.
Rex had started to slowly move again as his cock fucked her asshole. Maria had the vibrator rubbing against her swollen labia and clit. The motion of his cock got faster and he was now withdrawing almost the full length before thrusting it back to the hilt, his balls slapping up against the vibrator she had between her legs. Rex climaxed first and with a guttural grunt he thrust one last time and pulled her hips back into his body. I could see his balls contract time and time again as he emptied their contents into her bowels. Maria orgasmed soon after and it was by far the biggest and most intense I had seen, she released as small scream and her convulsing body seemed to have a mind of it's own as she bucked up and down. Finally she slumped forward and Rex plopped out of her, his sticky cock falling between his legs still leaking drips of cum.
I had spurted another load by now and pulled away from the wall to recover. Looking down I could see a good amount of my own ejaculation dripping down the wallboard and pooling on the wooden floor.
Glancing back through the hole one more time I saw Rex had slumped forward beside Maria. She had turned over onto her back and the vibrator was still held between her spread legs. Moments later she climaxed again and as her pussy lips contracted in and out she farted, resulting in a stream of Rex's cum shooting from her swollen asshole and landed on the floor. Fuck I swear I almost came again seeing that.
I slept like a baby that night, and I dreamt of things I wanted to do to Poppy and Casey.
With only three days left on the island I was desperate to get time with the girls alone, and as fate would have it Milly and Bella made it happen ... in a much better way than expected! During our morning briefing by Ranger Rex, Milly joined us to announce that she needed some extra help with her and Bella's research. The proposal she offered was that two of our group who wanted to come back and stay on the island could join in on the research for eight weeks over the summer break ... to make it more appealing she offered to pay a modest wage for the work. About ten of the group sounded immediately interested and they were encouraged to call home if they needed to clear it with their parents before applying for the positions. Milly said they had a short questionnaire for us to fill out and our answers, plus recommendations from our teachers would help determine who would be chosen. Of course Poppy and I were really keen.
I rang my folks, to let them know I was applying. Poppy had no-one to ask so she just grabbed an application.
The questionnaire was handed out the day before we were due to leave. When I sat down to answer the questions I saw that the first half were to do with our school background and our likes and dislikes about our time on the island. The other half was based on our knowledge gathered regarding the local bird life. To my surprise almost all the birdlife questions were one's that I had already discussed with Milly and Bela in my recent visits to their tent.
I had a feeling that Poppy was going to get chosen, she was undoubtedly the smartest of us all and had shown real interest in the native birdlife since we arrived. I wasn't so sure of my chances, especially because of my accident. I was sure everyone wanted to get me home to fully recover, plus I wasn't what you'd call a great student. I was passing my exams each year but the only thing I really enjoyed about school was the social aspect and being in the first 15 rugby team. I had already decided to take up a building apprenticeship the following year with my uncles construction business. With the current building boom expected to last five years or more there was a real shortage of qualified construction workers. My long -term goal was to have my own firm building small sustainable houses.
The day before we were due to leave the island, Milly and Bela joined us for lunch and said they had made their decision. They first announced Poppy's name. I was really pleased ... a couple of months staying here was going to great compared to what she had back at home. The second name called was mine. I looked at Milly a little shocked, she winked at me and smiled. I got a few slaps on the back and a hug or two in congratulations. Poppy and I grinned at each other and high fived.
Casey was waiting when we got outside and I could tell it took all her strength not to jump into our arms. Instead she gave us each a brief friendly hug.
"They're going to pay me to be your guide on the island." She blurted out. "I can help with the data logging as well."
Later that afternoon the three of us sat on the steps of the station house, they were quite narrow steps so we were pleasantly squashed together.
"How did you rig this one?" I jokingly accused Casey. "Promise to wash Milly and Bela's clothes for the next couple of years."
"Nope, they chose themselves, they told me It would be undemocratic if I tried to influence their decision. Which I did anyway by offering to virtually be their slave for the summer."
"You can be our slave instead if you like, I hate doing washing," mused Poppy, giving Casey a nudge in the side.
"Nah, sorry it was a one-time offer, from a desperate and misguided youth," she retorted. "You both got picked fairly and squarely. You, Poppy because you're brilliant and TJ because he has a big pecker."
"Ha, ha." I responded with a false laugh. "You're totally wrong, I've got a huge pecker thank you."
"Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that Milly and Bela love your humility as well," Casey added and both girls giggled.
We continued to sit there in silence giving each other the occasional nudge.
I suddenly had an idea.
"What if we stay here now and not go back for the last week of school," I said looking across at the girls.
"Could we do that?" Poppy asked.
"Don't see why not. We don't do much in the last week anyway, and it would mean two less trips across that vomit inducing water for me." I said looking out to the sea.
"I suppose we could ask Mr Rond then we'd need to check it's OK with Milly, and what about Rex and Maria?"
"Uncle Rex and Maria will be fine with it, they already think it's great I'm going to have someone my own age around for the summer." Casey said enthusiastically.
"No time like the present to ask," I said standing.
A couple of hours later it was all arranged. I called Mom and told her, she was a little disappointed that she wouldn't see me for a couple of months but when I mentioned my aversion to crossing the sea, she agreed it would be best to stay. It was a little more difficult telling my sister Katie, she burst into tears and said she was already missing me. I told her I would see if she could come over for a few days during the holidays and she perked up a little bit, especially when I mentioned there were waterfalls and lots of birds on the island ... she is a sucker for both of those. Poppy called her tattoo guy at work to let him know not to let anyone pinch her tent spot on the hill.
The next morning the rest of the group packed up their gear and headed down to the dock to meet the launch when it arrived. When we finally waved then off I thanked my lucky stars I was still on solid ground as the water out of the harbor looked really choppy.
That morning there had been some last-minute joking from some of the guys about me staying just to get into Casey's pants ... little did they know!
The rest of the day was spent talking to Milly about our new jobs, then she gave us the rest of the week off to have some fun before, 'the hard work begins' as she put it. It actually didn't sound like it was going to be hard work at all really, our days would mostly involve checking through recorded video and logging siting's of different birds. We'd also be doing a lot of hiking to look for nesting areas and some videoing at night which sounded cool.
By the end of the day my body was feeling quite a bit better, although I had some pretty good-sized colorful bruises. They looked like a collection of bad air-brushed tattoos according to Casey. And speaking of tattoos, Poppy came to dinner that night wearing one of Casey's small crop tops, it revealed a lot of her inked art. The others were a little shocked until Poppy explained a few things about her life and said she was sick of covering up and wanted to be herself for the summer. What followed was a show and tell of various tats that the others had. Milly and Bela had at least four each, including a couple that they wouldn't reveal in public, Rex had one on his chest to go with the one on his arm and to everyone's surprise Maria had a couple as well, including one she wouldn't show. I knew exactly where it was, three small stars on her backside.
I got my strength back over the next couple of days, and even walked to the waterfall for a swim, in the lower pool. Milly and Bela joined us so there was no repeat of our first visit. It was great to see all the girls in bikinis though. Even Poppy wore a little two piece belonging to Casey.
I was also deemed well enough to move back into my tent. Casey had already said she wanted to stay outside tenting with Poppy for the rest of the summer.
That evening at dinner I found it hard to concentrate on the conversation around the table. My mind kept drifting off as I imagined what might happen later that night. I couldn't wait for bedtime!
However after dinner Maria asked me to help rearrange the large kitchen pantry to make room for more supplies that she was getting the next day. I could hardly refuse the simple request, so an hour had been spent moving stuff and wiping down shelves. It was close to ten o'clock when I headed back towards our tents after a quick shower. As I passed the research tent, Milly and Bela were just about to leave for an all-night vigil at one of the nesting sights ... they were hoping to get some close-up pictures and data on a rare endangered owl.
"Have a good night TJ." Milly whispered with a wink as I passed by. Her voice was laden with innuendo and I actually blushed. She laughed and reached over giving me a kiss on the cheek ,then added, "be gentle."
My face became even redder and I turned quickly so she couldn't see. I How the hell did she know anything was going to happen.
"Help me with my pack," she requested as I started to go.
I took a deep breath and tuned back to help.
"You can be so cute sometimes," she said with a smile seeing my dilemma.
As I helped her put on her pack. I took another deep breath, trying to recover my composure.
"I didn't mean to embarrass you TJ," she said sincerely. "You're a good guy, I'm sorry."
"It's OK," I muttered in reply. "But does everyone know about us, is it that obvious?"
"No ... well only to me ... and Bela. We've noticed the way you look at the girls, it's really cute"
"I don't want to be cute, I want to...."
"Hey, don't knock cute," she interrupted. "Girls love cute, it's a real turn on in a guy."
"I thought you weren't into guys?" I smiled and glanced over towards Bela.
"We swing both ways, and both of us like a cute guy from time to time," she said smiling at me.
"Oh, Ok." I said nervously.
Milly laughed at my discomfort. "Hey, relax! I'm not hitting on you TJ ... you're still a little young for us, besides you're taken. But don't worry, I think you're going to find out tonight what girls do with cute guys."
"Maybe not." I grimaced.
"Trust me, it's a certainty!"
"Not without condoms it's not." I replied.
"Oh. Can't help you there I'm afraid, we don't need them."
"I didn't think I would either." I said despondently.
"You can do lots of things without going all the way, but just make sure you tell the girls before things get out of hand in the heat of the moment. Having wriggle rats at your age is not gonna go down well. If you all know there's no protection then you can set boundaries."
"Thanks, I appreciate it." I said smiling at her.
Milly leaned in and kissed me on the cheek again. "Go enjoy yourself before I start to cry." She said and playfully slapped my butt as I walked away.
I headed for my tent and made a bit of noise so the girls could hear I was there.
"Come visit in five minutes." I heard Poppy say quietly from inside her tent.
I stripped off my shorts and changed my underwear, then sat in the dark counting off approximately five minutes.
My heart was pounding as I crawled back outside and moved quietly over to Poppy's tent. The front flap was unzipped so I pulled it back and peeked in. The girls were both sitting cross legged in the middle of their wall to wall make-shift bed facing me. They were both wearing bras, panties and big smiles. I could tell in the dim light of the lantern that they had also both put on a little make-up ... a first for Casey since I'd been there. Her eyes were highlighted with eye shadow and mascara. She looked amazing. Poppy had gone the other way and had a lot less make-up on that usual, it made her face look softer. I'd never seen her look so beautiful. I entered the tent and sat opposite them smiling. We sat that way for what seemed like an eternity but was probably only thirty seconds. I broke the silence.
"You both look beautiful ... I mean really beautiful."
"Thanks." Casey replied. Poppy smiled back.
I took a deep breath, "OK, I need to tell you something before we ... look I'm not sure what's going to happen tonight ... well, I kind of do," I said with a stupid grin. "But It's just I think we need to set some rules before we start."
"Why don't we just see what happens and go with it?" replied Poppy with a shrug.
"Yeah, I mean I'm OK with that, if you are" Casey agreed, her voice giving away a little nervousness.
"I'm all for that, but there's a problem, we can't go all the way ... that's of course If you were even thinking about that, because it's alright if you weren't .... I mean I don't want to presume ...I just wanted you too know that ..."
"Know what TJ?" Casey interrupted as I babbled on.
"I don't have any condoms!" I blurted out.
"Oh, Ok. Is that all." Casey responded. "Well you don't need them," she added.
"Right, Ok. So that means you were only planning to go so far anyway. I'm cool with that." I said with a hint of disappointment.
"Hey, that's not what I meant," she replied. "I meant we don't need condoms because we can't get pregnant. Neither of us."
"What do you mean?" I was confused.
"I'm on the pill, have been for a year. It regulates my period. So I'm good to go!" Casey said rather enthusiastically.
"And I've had an injection and can't get pregnant even if I wanted too." Poppy stated.
She went on to explain that living rough meant sometimes guys would try and take advantage of her. Nothing had happened yet but a couple of close calls had made her go to a clinic where they gave her an injection to stop an unwanted pregnancy.
"You've almost been raped? Fuck Poppy you need to get off the streets." I said in concern, taking her hand and giving it a squeeze.
"It's OK. I'm getting more careful. Besides I've been saving myself for you," she said and squeezed my hand back.
"What do you mean, saving yourself for me?" I asked.
"I've wanted you to be my first for as long as I can remember." She said quietly, looking down.
"I didn't know. Why haven't you said anything?" I replied, reaching up and lifting her head gently.
"Come on, you really haven't thought of me before in that way. I mean it's OK ... it's my fault. I not exactly the sort of girl you bring home to meet your parents. Am I?" She said sadly.
"I'm sorry. I should have gotten to know you better. But if it's any consolation, right now I'd be proud to take you home to meet my parents."
"Really, you ... you mean that?" her voice cracking with emotion.
"Of course I do." I responded tenderly.
"But I'm only wearing underwear?" Poppy said with a weak smile, tears forming in her eyes.
"You could wear anything you want." I replied leaning over and wrapping my arms around her in a tight hug.
"Group hug!" Casey said, joining in with tears in her eyes.
As we hugged, I kissed them both. They responded by kissing me back. As I turned from one to the other the kisses became more intense and passionate. When we finally broke the embrace we were all breathing hard.
"We've got something to show you." Casey said between breaths, and she glanced at Poppy.
"I hope you don't mind." Poppy said apprehensively looking at me.
They leant towards each other and kissed. Then they glanced back at me to see my reaction.
"No problem here." I said wide eyed and smiled.
Their lips met again, only this time the kiss was more passionate and their tongues collided as they slipped into each other's mouths . My cock started to tent in my shorts as I watched one of the sexiest shows I'd ever seen. Soon their hands were all over each other and Casey unhooked Poppy's bra and let it drop to the ground. I started to rub my cock as Casey bent down and took Poppy's hard nipple into her mouth. Poppy moaned as she looked at me over Casey's shoulder. She smiled when she saw me rubbing my dick inside my shorts. Eventually, Casey's bra came off and admit their kissing frenzy, both put a hand down the front of the other's panties. It wasn't long before Casey stated to become more vocal, as her hips thrust forward in rhythm with Poppy's finger that was deep inside her pussy.
"Fuck! I'm cumming!" She cried out, gripping Poppy's body as her hips bucked up and down.
"Whoa! You leaked all over me!" Poppy exclaimed as Casey's orgasm subsided.
Casey fell back on the bed panting. Her panties were soaked and her swollen pussy lips still dripped a clear liquid.
I was still in a daze at what I'd seen as Poppy lent over and pulled me down to lie beside Casey. We started to kissed intermittently. I felt both them bring a hand around to the front of my boxers. They each sought to work their hands down inside the waistband until both had hold of my very erect cock.
"Yeah, you like this, don't you?" Casey said teasingly, as I groaned in pleasure.
"Oh fuck yes," I grunted in reply before Poppy thrust her tongue into my mouth.
The girls continued to stroke me as we kissed. Casey slowly moved down my body and I raised my hips as she drew my underwear down my legs and over my feet. Then the fingers working me were suddenly joined by warm, wet licks and kisses as Casey switched to her mouth. I felt a tremble go through me as her tongue trailed over the tip of my cock. Poppy's hand moved lower and she cupped my balls and started to massage them softly. Casey now had access to my full erection and she fully engulfed my cock-head and slid half my shaft into her mouth.
"Oh, fuck Casey, I'm gonna spurt real quick if you keep that up." I muttered in ecstasy.
My warning did nothing to slow her down as her head bobbed up and down. With each downward motion she managed to take a little more of me down her throat until a full six inches was disappearing.
"Casey! I'm going to cum!" I finally cried out and tried to pull away from her.
Her head followed my movement and she gripped her lips tightly around my now pulsing cock. I shot into her mouth and she gagged slightly before pulling her head up and letting the rest of my cum shoot onto her face and neck. I tried to regained my composure, by gulping big breathes of air down.
"Hey Pops, come get some of this." Casey said between licks across my still erect cock.
Poppy's head disappeared from view and moments later I felt her tongue join Casey's as they cleaned off any residue cum. I pulled away and sat upright as their attention became too much for my sensitive knob. They too sat up and Casey's face was covered in my cum and it was dripping off her chin onto her breasts. Poppy lent forward and popped out her tongue to catch the drips. She then proceeded to lick the rest of my gooey globs off Casey's face, feeding some of it to her in open mouthed kisses.
"Where'd you learn to do a blow job like that?" I finally said as we all collapsed back onto the bed in a three-way embrace.
"I saw Maria ...." She started, before stopping abruptly, realising what she'd let slip.
I glanced at her. "Through the hole in the closet wall, I presume?" I enquired and grinned. "I noticed Maria has pretty good technique."
Casey blushed. "You know about the hole?"
I nodded. "Made having to stay inside a bit more bearable, I have to admit."
Casey's embarrassed look suddenly changed. "That means you spied on my Uncle!" she exclaimed accusingly.
"Yep, just like you did." I responded with raised eyebrows and a knowing look.
"Oh, shit we're both perv's." she muttered and sighed.
"Hey, there's a lot of worse things than a little voyeurism." I said and pulled her in for a hug and kiss.
"Wait on!" Poppy finally chipped in. "What hole in what closet?"
We explained what we were talking about and Poppy showed instant interest in exploring her voyeuristic instincts at some at some stage during her time on the island. With a wicked smile Casey said it could be arranged.
Poppy noticed I was still semi hard and commented on the fact. I looked down and my eyes confirmed her observation. I shrugged and smiled at her.
"You reckon he'll be up to being my first?" She said intently staring at me.
I could see look of apprehension in her eyes.
"Whenever you're ready, no hurry." I said softly back.
"I'm ready ... like I said before I've been ready for quite some time." She said and we kissed.
Poppy lay back against the assortment of pillows that had been piled up to form a bedhead. Casey sat beside her caressing her hair. I positioned myself over her body and kissed my way down from her mouth, over her breasts and stomach and stopped at the top of her strip of pubic hair. Poppy closed her eyes, and rested her head on Casey's chest. I gently rubbed and caressed down the small, trim patch of hair and spread her legs as I approached her wet and glistening labia. A bit unsure of what to do first I began working my tongue around her outer lips ... beginning with soft touches that gradually increased in intensity. I slowly inserted one, then two fingers into her pussy and started to rub where I believed the G spot was supposed to be located. Poppy moaned louder so I guess I must have been doing something right. Meanwhile my other hand migrated over to the inside of Casey's thighs and she had responded by opening her legs to give me access to her clit. Soon both girls were mewing and moaning under my touch. Casey quietly reached down and took my hand off her hardened, protruding nub and replaced it with her own. She looked at me and nodded toward Poppy. I smiled and nodded back, moving up between Poppy's legs I positioned my cock at the entrance to her gaping pussy lips. I licked my fingers and rubbed the wetness over my cock-head, then Casey reached forward and guided me slowly into Poppy. I heard a gasp as I slowly pushed forward into her warm and incredibly tight vagina. I was expecting some form of resistance at some stage but didn't find any and soon I was soon fully enveloped inside her. I started to slowly slide in and out until I got into a steady rhythm. Poppy's hips began to move in time with my inward thrusts and soon she was moaning loudly. Her hand reached out and her fingers entwined with Casey's in a tight grip and she orgasmed. I was shocked that I'd actually made a girl climax while doing it. I was so pleased with myself that I temporarily forgot I hadn't cum yet. I quickly rectified that by continuing to thrust harder and faster ... until I felt my balls about to explode. To my surprize Poppy came a second time and that was it for me and I emptied myself into her pulsing vagina. I collapsed beside her , both of us gasping for breath our bodies glistening with sweat.
Beside us Casey gave a deep groan, her eyes shut tight. She opened her mouth in a large O as her own orgasm swept across her body. It lasted for some time and both Poppy and I observed her with smiles on our faces.
We were all pretty spent and lay side by side holding hands as we relaxed in post orgasmic bliss.
"I think I might wait until tomorrow before you put your monster in me." Casey said quietly and cuddled into me.
Poppy spooned me from behind and wrapped her arms around my chest. The next thing I remember is waking up with the two naked girls draped over me. I slowly untangled myself from their limbs and crawled out of the tent and stood stretching and yawning.
"Whoo hoo, nice!" I heard from across the way.
I looked over sleepily, rubbing my eyes to were the voice came from. Bela was standing in front of her tent looking and shaking her head.
"Want'a cover that up, a bird might land on it." She said and gestured I should look down.
I suddenly realized I was standing there nude and to make matters worse I had morning wood sticking out in front of me. I groaned and rushed over to my tent with Bela's laughter ringing in my ears. Pulling some shorts on I headed for the outdoor shower block, careful to avoid Bela, who was un-packing her stuff onto one of the tables in the research tent.
I met Milly on the way, she was returning from the showers and only had a towel wrapped around her beautiful ebony body.
"So?" She said and raised her eyebrows.
"So, what?" I responded confused.
"So, how was last night dummy?" she said shaking her head.
"I thought guys weren't supposed to kiss and tell." I replied.
"Give me a friggin break." She scoffed. "You'd be the first guy I'd ever meet who lived by that rule."
"Well, consider me your first then." I said staring back at her.
"You little gentleman!" She responded and laughed.
I thought it ironic she was calling me little when I towered over her by at least 10 inches and weighed probably twice what she did.
"You'll just have to use your grubby imagination," I laughed back and started to walk away.
"Oh don't worry, I will, little guy." Milly said in a mock sexy voice.
"Whatever turns you on," I responded. "And by the way, there's nothing little about me," I added as I continued walking.
"Yeah, is that right, you might have to prove that ... Tiny," she laughed again and walked the other way.
Shit ... she called me Tiny! How the hell did she know that nick-name. I smiled even though she'd won this little battle of innuendo. During my shower I heard the girls arrive. Casey pulled back the plastic shower curtain in my stall and peeked inside.
"Oh, it's only you." She said trying to sound disappointed. "I thought it might be a good-looking stud who would ravage me."
I pulled her into the stall and held her under the cool water.
"Fuck! That's cold!" She squealed and tried to get away.
"Who were you looking for again?" I said holding her naked body tightly in my arms.
"You! I was looking for you!" She gasped as the cold water poured over her.
"And what am I?" I queried still holding her tight.
"A stud! You're a stud!" she exclaimed.
I let her go and she quickly turned us around so I was under the water, my body protecting her from most of the spray. She grabbed the hot faucet and turned it up.
"How can you have it that cold?" she shivered waiting for the temperature to change.
I looked down and noticed her body was covered in goose bumps, and her nipples were jutting out like frozen raspberries. I put my arms around her and she clung to me shaking. Once the flow warmed we traded places and Casey sighed with relief as she let the hot water cascade over her body. Poppy opened the curtain and looked in.
"Is it safe now?" she giggled and stepped in to join us.
We soaped each other up and rinsed off. It was a long shower compared to the normal four-minute limit, but with all the others gone it meant plenty of hot water in the tank.
At one stage the girls kissed.
"By the way,you haven't explained when you started doing that." I said looking at them inquiringly.
As we dried off the girls told me they had talked about Milly and Bela's relationship on their first night together in the tent. They both wondered what it would be like to kiss another girl and so they tried it. One thing lead to another and soon they were fully making out. The next night they went a little further and touched each other before masturbating together. They must have been a bit noisy because the next evening Milly and Bela pulled them aside and asked if they were enjoying themselves, they also asked if they wanted some tips on pleasuring one another. Both Casey and Poppy were embarrassed, not only for being heard but also for even discussing the subject. Milly told them that they only wanted to help and there was no pressure to carry on the conversation if they didn't want too. They also reassured the girls that what they said would be confidential. The girls felt more at ease and spent some time asking questions about the more experienced pairs sexual antics.
"Antics!" I exclaimed smiling. "That sounds interesting."
"We haven't even come close to some of the things they do." Casey declared.
"Not yet anyway." Poppy said smiling at me. "But they did offer us some useful toys to practice with ... if you're interested in watching, " she added seductively.
I stared at her open-mouthed and nodded my head. Both girls laughed.
Later that day we headed off to the swimming hole for our last day of holiday before work began.
Once we reached the top pool we quickly stripped and dived in naked. The water was refreshing and we swam around for about half an hour. Casey finally got out and sat on a rock ledge with her feet dangling in the water. I swam over and put my hands on her knees as I treaded water. Casey smiled down at me and opened her thighs, I moved forward and my head was only inches from her exposed pussy. I leant forward and kissed her pubic hair and then popped out my tongue and ran it down over her clit and along her labia. I glanced up at her and she smiled so I returned my attention to her lower regions. As I continued to use my tongue on her clit I inserted two fingers into her vagina. I got an audible gasp of pleasure as my fingers started to stroke her G spot. After five minutes I was getting a little cold in the water so I pulled back, resulting in a cry of despair from Casey. I grinned as she pleaded for me to continue. Pulling myself out of the water I lay face down on the rock and swiveled Casey around so her legs were either side of my head. Poppy who had been watching us from the ledge moved herself behind and cradled Casey's head in her lap, while her hands massaged her breasts. I continued my administrations to what was now a very wet clit and labia. Casey was breathing harder and her bottom was wriggling on the towel she was lying on. She gently pushed my head away.
"Fuck me, TJ"," she said staring me in the eye with a look of pure lust.
I raised myself up and placing my own towel under my knees I lined my cock up with her opening. Poppy licked her hand and leant forward and rubbed her saliva over my cockhead, then still holding me she pulled me forward and rubbed me up and down Casey wet lips, before guiding me between the swollen folds of skin and into Casey's warm and waiting tight little tunnel.
"Ohh, yes!" Casey moaned as I pushed slowly into her.
"Do you like that, you little slut?" Poppy said, trying to talk dirty while she pinched Casey's nipples.
"Mmmm! Yeah I'm a slut." Was Casey's reply. Her eyes were closed tightly and her breathing was labored.
The dirty talk seemed to really turn Casey on so Poppy continued and she got more bizarre with each comment.
When she said, "You're a bad little girl getting a big popsicle." We both looked at each other and laughed.
I returned my attention to Casey and started to move my hips faster as I picked up my pace. I was soon burying my cock to the hilt with each thrust forward. Casey was lifting her hips up to meet me and I could soon feel my balls tighten as I neared orgasm.
"Oh, shit ... I'm gonna ... I'm gonna ...," she kept moaning quietly. With Casey focused on the feeling of me sliding in and out of her. I closed my eyes tight with the intensity of the sensations coming from my cock. I held off as long as I could but finally I felt my body quake, my cock began spasming and I started to cum. I grunted as each spurt ejaculated deep inside her. I kept thrusting forward not wanting to stop until Casey climaxed.
"Ohhhh, Fuck!" She finally squealed and her body spasmed beneath me.
"Yes, yes, yes!" She repeated as she lost control of her body.
I couldn't go any longer and I pulled out and collapsed onto the rock gasping for breath. As my cock came out, Casey squirted a stream of pee out into the water. "Whoa, yeah! There's my little slut!" Poppy laughed as she clung onto the writhing naked flesh in front of her.
I finally rolled onto my side and hugged Casey. She was still shaking and her breathing was ragged. I let her gulp in a few deep breathes before I kissed her. Poppy leant forward and soon her tongue was entwined with ours as we passionately shared each other mouths.
The next month went by quickly, with work during the day and plenty of sex during the night. We became more adventurous with our sexual endeavors and tried almost everything you could imagine. The girls borrowed a strap-on dildo from Bela and they used that on each other while I was fucking them. We spent a couple of nights looking through the peep hole at Rex and Maria ... and as a result of seeing them have anal sex, the girls wanted to try it. Poppy didn't enjoy it but Casey was really surprised how much it turned her on. I continued to enter her tight little butt at least once a week for the rest of the summer.
I also told them about my window spying at home and although they tried to appear shocked, I could tell they were turned on and eventually they both expressed a desire to stay over my Dad's house sometime.
Sundays were our only day off and we would head for the waterfalls and spend time swimming and sun-bathing naked.
I got a bigger break after six weeks, as my sister Katie came over for five days. We slept in my tent at night, and although it curbed my night visits with the girls it was good to have her there. She just loved the island and we all spend a lot of time at the waterfall swimming and spotting birds. Katie was surprised that I got on so well with Poppy, knowing the reputation she had at my school, but after spending time together she thought Poppy was really cool. By the end of her stay Katie was even wanting to get a tattoo. Something I'd need to warn my Mom about! Casey and Katie bonded immediately and they were firm friends by the second day. I had to smile at how Katie followed Casey around like a little sister.
During the same five days Bela's nineteen year old brother Tony came to stay. He hung with us while he was there and it was obvious he liked spending time with Poppy. It seemed they had a lot in common, he was also a straight A student and like Poppy, he had an interest in anthropology and the environment. They spent quite a bit of time together discussing things that were way over my intelligence quota.
It was a good five-day break but when Katie's time was up she was upset at having to leave me behind and she cried. I gave her a long hug and my heart melted as she clung to me. It was only when Casey agreed to accompany her on the return trip to the mainland, that she calmed down.
Poppy's farewell to Tony was also interesting and he almost missed the boat. They had both disappeared earlier that morning and were so late back they had to run to get there in time. Bela shook her head in frustration and gave her little brother a slap on the butt before pushing him toward the waiting boat. One thing we all noticed ... he and Poppy had been holding hands as they ran down to the dock.
That night, after Casey got back, we both noticed Poppy seemed distracted. She sat back and watched Casey and I make love, being content to just look and masturbate.
Afterwards as we lay side by side, their heads resting on my chest, I gently stroked their hair.
"I need to tell you something," Poppy said quietly breaking the silence. She sounded nervous.
Casey reached over and took her hand, entwining their fingers.
"I had sex with Tony this morning, at the waterfall," she confessed.
"We kind of wondered," Casey said smiling.
"I sort of feel like I've cheated on you guys," Poppy said despondently and sighed.
"Hey, we love you Poppy and want you to be happy." I responded and kissed the top of her head.
"Did he make you happy ... you know, down below?" Casey asked raising her eyebrows smiling.
"Yeah, he did. I mean he needs to learn a few things, but it was good."
"Well, you got all the tools to teach him, babe."
"So you guys don't mind?" Poppy asked looking at us.
"You really like him, don't you?"
"It's only been a few days, but yeah, I do." She replied. "But, I can't believe we did it already."
"Slut." Casey said in a playful tone.
We all burst out laughing.
"I deserved that." Poppy said acknowledging light hearted rebuke. "But I don't think I've ever felt this way about someone before ... he's ... he's just special."
"OK, let's see. Do you wish you could be with him all the time and does he make your heart beat faster when you see him?" Casey asked, looking at Poppy.
"Yeah ... I guess."
"Then, I can confidently say, you're in love."
"And you know this because?" I queried chuckling.
"Because, it's how I feel about you. You jackass!" Casey retorted and hit me in the side gently with her fist.
I was a bit shocked at her confession, we had never said we were in love with each other before. I mean I knew I loved both girls and they had become my best friends but was I 'in love' with either of them. I thought for only a second before realizing, yes I was. I was 'in love' with Casey. Poppy was a special friend but I felt differently about Casey, my feelings for her were stronger and just like she'd said I wanted to be with her all the time.
"I love you too Casey." I said. She looked up we kissed.
Our lips parted and we became aware of Poppy teary eyed and sniffling beside us.
"Oh, Pops. I'm sorry it doesn't mean we don't ....."
"They're tears of happiness you jerk," she interrupted quietly. "I know you both love me, I love you too. But I'm not 'in love' with either of you and I know you're not with me ... but I couldn't be happier that my two new best friends have finally told each other what I've seen for weeks." Poppy rolled over on top of me and the three of us embraced. Both girls were teary eyed and I felt my own eyes moisten up. Tears of happiness I thought smiling ... there's a first time for everything.
Things changed slightly over the next two weeks. Poppy spent the better part of each evening on her cell phone talking to Tony. I even caught them having phone sex one night. Poppy had a vibrator deep inside her and was talking dirty into the phone when I entered her tent to get Casey's shoes. She turned bright red with embarrassment and grimaced a weak smile. I smiled back and left her to it.
It had also been decided that Casey would join me in my tent at night for any sex. Poppy thought that now she was kind of in a relationship with Tony that she needed to be faithful to him. A couple of times at the waterfall she lapsed and joined us in oral sex but drew the line at intercourse. She would still crawl into our tent and cuddle up after she knew Casey and I had finished our nightly sessions. We figured she must have been listening to us and waited until it quietened down because she always got her timing right.
Casey and I peeped through the spy hole a few times and were lucky enough to catch Rex and Maria on three occasions. We were always disappointed that we had to take turns looking through the hole and Casey remarked that it would be better if we had one each, I agreed. Sneaking into Rex's bedroom the next day I looked for the other side of the hole, it was quite hard to find initially as it was under a shelf attached to the wall. The wall was covered with a wood grain looking wallpaper and the spyhole looked like part of the design. I picked a spot about a foot away and with a small screwdriver I poked another hole through into the closet. Standing back by the bed I was pleased to see my new hole was as hard to see as the original one.
The next time we indulged in our voyeuristic tendencies both of us had a clear view of the event. We even found that I could enter Casey's pussy from behind and still lean forward and look through a hole ... we just had to be careful not to bump the wall or make any other noise. Casey actually stuffed her panties in her mouth to stop her grunts and groans being heard!
As our time on the island neared an end I grew more concerned about Poppy going back to living rough in the city. She'd been accepted for university but that didn't start for another month and she hadn't mentioned anything about changing her place of living. I approached her after dinner one night and told her I wanted to talk. So while the others cleaned up the kitchen, we went for a walk and ended up sitting on a log by the beach. I turned so we were face to face, our knees touching. I was nervous about how she was going to react to what I had to say. She was fiercely protective of her independence and had always brushed us off when we'd talked about her living conditions. I took a deep breath.
"Promise me you won't interrupt until I'm finished, OK." I asked seriously, looking her in the eye.
"OK," she replied a little concerned.
"I care about you ... a lot. You know that right?"
"Of course I do." She squeezed my hands and smiled briefly. " What's this all about TJ?" she added concerned.
"We're going back home next week and .... well,I don't want you to go back to living in a tent OK. It's dangerous, you've said that yourself. It would break my heart to know your still out there, and I don't know if I could take that."
"TJ, you don't have to worry ..." she started to reply before I interrupted.
"Let me finish ... please," I said.
Poppy nodded and sat quietly as I continued.
"I want you to come live at my place. I rang my Mom last night ... all I told her that you were having problems at where you were living, nothing else. It's up to you if you want to tell her anything more. Anyway, Mom said yes straight away and you know that Katie would have no problem with you being there. We have a spare room and you could just come and go as you pleased. How about it, a room and three-square meals a day ... plus you get to keep my heart from breaking."
Poppy's bottom lip started to quiver and a tear slid down her face. I reached up and brushed gently away.
"You never fail to surprise me Ted Jackson," she said as another tear rolled down onto her chin. "I'm so lucky to have a friend like you."
Poppy leant over and we hugged for a long time. When we separated she wiped her eyes and blew her nose. We sat smiling at each other.
"So, what do you say, want to be house buddies?"
"No."
I was stunned and it must have shown on my face, but before I could say anything, Poppy put her finger over my lips.
"It's no, because this morning I got another offer."
Now I looked totally confused.
"Milly and Bela asked me to go live with them, and I'm going to say yes. I was going to tell you and Casey before I accepted."
I smiled.
"Would accepting their offer have something to do with the fact Tony lives just around the corner from them?"
"That hadn't even crossed my mind," she lied smiling. "They live near the university, and because they work there too they said I could continue to help with their research after classes. It's all good experience for my future," she added in justification.
I looked at her and raised my eyebrows.
"Really." I said with a large dose of scepticism.
"Ok, maybe Tony had something to do with it as well," she laughed.
We hugged again.
"You do realize you're not getting rid of me totally. I'm still going to need money so I've arranged to keep working at the bakery on the days I don't have classes. It's a forty-minute bus ride from where I'll be living. But it's close to you, so we could meet up for coffees and stuff."
"You could make it in twenty minutes in my car."
"What do you mean?"
"I can walk to my uncles yard, it's only a few blocks away."
"You'd lend me your car," she said surprised.
"Of course I would, but only to a best friend." Then I quickly added. "Except on weekends when I'll need it to pick up my girlfriend."
Poppy grinned. "I could probably cope with that, especially since your girlfriend is my BFF."
"I can't believe you just used BFF," I shook my head laughing.
"I know, please don't tell anyone," she groaned and laughed back.
Finally our last day came, and it was kind of sad as we had to say goodbye to Rex and Maria. I would miss them, not only because of their bedroom activities but also because they were genuine nice people and they had gone out of their way to make Poppy and I feel at home. I must admit I did feel a slight stirring in my pants as I hugged Maria, her breasts pushing into my chest ... breasts that I had admired in the flesh.
Milly and Bela were returning to the mainland with us and they were taking their new house guest to her new home. Poppy was excited, not only about having her own bedroom but also about who she would have as a night time guest in that room. Bela, was fully aware of her budding relationship with Tony and she thought they would make a good couple.
I had been dreading saying goodbye to Casey, but at the last minute my Mom rang and asked if Casey wanted to come and stay with us for a few weeks before her parents returned. Evidently Katie had been raving about her since she'd left the island. Of course Casey said yes.
It took over an hour to carry all our stuff down to the dock and load it on the boat. Milly and Bela had boxes of gear, but many hands made light work of it.
To my great relief, the sea was amazingly calm. I enjoyed seeing all the things I'd missed on the way over, including a pod of dolphins that joined us for almost half the way. Casey and Poppy were quite emotional saying goodbye, even though we planned to drive over and see her next week. My Mom, who was there to meet us, was shocked when she thought she saw the girls kiss on the lips. I told her she must have been mistaken and she shrugged and agreed it must have just been the angle she was on. I told Casey about it later and she was a bit upset, she really wanted my Mom to like her. I knew she had nothing to worry about and I was right, by the end of the first day Mom was treating her like a second daughter.
After a few weeks staying with us Casey moved back home. Her parents were a great couple and I got on well with them. Life settled down and I would spend weekends at Casey's place or she would join me at my Dad's or Mom's. Ten months later we I moved into our own apartment near the university, my Dad helped us with the bank deposit. To keep our mortgage costs down we rented the spare bedroom to another couple, Kelly and Cindy. Kelly was a tall fiery red-head, studying political science, she had crazy opinions on everything and always kept us laughing, her partner Cindy was the exact opposite, petite, quiet and incredibly cute. Cindy took the same classes as Casey and were both studying towards science degrees. Kelly managed a local gym, which was great as we all got discounted membership.
Poppy and Tony were also still a couple and we saw them regularly. Tony has become a good friend and he joined me and Dad at various sporting events.
The year went quickly, I was learning a lot at work and Casey passed all her exams. As a couple we were more in love than ever and planned to be together for a long time.
The next summer we returned to the island for a couple of weeks and Poppy and Tony joined us. It was a great time ... especially at the waterfall. We pitched tents in the camp ground as there was no room inside. Maria's teenage niece, Anna and her boyfriend Trent were visiting.
While there I helped Rex with some repairs inside the house. One day while fixing the door to the bedroom closet in Casey's old room Rex noticed the peep hole in the wall. The tape had fallen off the hole and you could see a faint glint of light coming from the other side. He put his eye up to the hole and peeked through. I was nervously waiting for his reaction, as he must have clearly seen his bedroom on the other side.
"Anna and Trent found this two nights ago"." He said turning to me.
I stared back at him wide eyed.
"Com'on TJ, I know you and the girls had a good time watching us last summer," he said knowingly and smiled.
I turned red in embarrassment. I didn't know what to say.
"Hey, it's OK, I'm not angry ... quite the opposite actually," he said and patted me on the shoulder. "Who do you think made the first hole."
"Wait ... you did?" I said in disbelief.
"That would be correct. Maria and I are closet exhibitionists, excuse the pun," he laughed. "We get a huge kick out of being spied on ... it's our little fetish, I suppose you could say."
"You wanted us to look?" I was still a bit stunned at his confession.
"Of course. I assume you enjoyed what you saw last year, what with you making a second hole and all!"
"You found it?" I said with a weak smile.
"Must have been a lot more fun both looking together," he chuckled.
Ah, yeah ... it was amazing. If you don't mind me saying, Maria is one very hot woman."
"I totally agree ... and to let you in on a little secret, she thinks you're a bit of a stud as well, she's got the hot's for you TJ." He patted my on the back and grinned. "The sex we had knowing you were watching is some of the best we've had. Maria was really turned on realizing you'd be jacking off on this side of the wall looking at her."
I was dumb founded again by Rex's openness and honesty on the whole subject.
"But how did you know anyone was watching." I finally managed to ask.
Rex pointed to the side wall of the closet and indicated an empty screw hole in a shelf support.
"That hole goes through into our closet. We would check that before bed. You can't imagine how aroused we get beforehand in anticipation of someone being here."
"I don't know which of us is the bigger pervert." I joked and we both laughed.
"Harmless fun .... But just to let you know we are careful about blocking our side when there's younger one's staying."
That night I told Casey about my conversation with Rex. She was a shocked as I had been.
"Fuck! They knew we were there ... that's unbelievable! She exclaimed and then smiled wickedly. "It's also so hot!"
She grabbed me and we kissed passionately. Falling back on our sleeping bag we tore each-others clothes off and made love, fast and furious. I'm sure Poppy and Tony would have heard us from their tent across the campground ... but neither of us cared in the heat of the moment.
"So Maria, thinks you're a bit of a stud does she?" Casey giggled as we cuddled together afterwards.
I immediately regretted telling her Rex said that, as I thought she would keep joking about it. However her next statement really surprised me.
"So would you do it with her? I mean if she wanted to. I wouldn't mind ... if I could watch."
I looked at her in disbelief.
"Are you serious?"
"Why not. Maria's a real babe for her age. I know she's with my uncle, but it's not like I grew up with her as an aunt or anything. So it doesn't seem weird to me, and we've both already gotten off seeing her naked. Yeah, I'd love to see you fuck her ... it would be such a turn on."
"Firstly, it would mean she really wants to do it, and secondly, Rex would have to agree. I don't see either of those things happening, so you'll have to get yourself off some other way." I said smiling at her.
"What if you're wrong." She replied sitting up and turning to me. "What if we simply ask them. I mean it can't hurt can it, worse case it they just say no."
I sat up beside her and was about to respond but she keep talking.
"Uncle Rex confessed to you ... about them knowing about the hole. Why would he have done that unless he ... or maybe she, wanted something more. He told you Maria thought you were a stud and she's got the hot's for you. Why would he have done that ... unless they want you know she's available." I thought about what Casey said. It kind of made sense.
"You really think we should ask them?" I said tentatively. "I mean only if you're sure you are OK with it." I added quickly.
"OK with it. Shit, I'm wet just thinking about it!" she responded excitedly. "Poppy would want to watch too. We'll have to arrange it when Tony is doing something else." She carried on enthusiastically, lost in her own thoughts.
I fell asleep that night thinking about what tomorrow might bring.
True to her word, Casey approached Maria the next day and simply asked her if she wanted to make love to me. Maria was initially a little embarrassed but finally acknowledged she did want to. Casey told her she was happy for it to happen but added that she and Poppy wanted to watch. That caused Maria a little concern but when she thought about the fact that Rex would want to be there too she smiled and agreed. Casey told Poppy and she was just as keen to watch as Casey was. I couldn't believe they seemed more excited than I was.
As fortune would have it, Tony was going to return to home for a couple of days later that week for his cousins birthday. Poppy had already said she wouldn't go as it was going to be a boys weekend kind of thing.
So it was arranged that on Saturday evening I would join Maria and we would indulge our sexual urges in front of an audience. I just hoped I could live up to their expectations ... no pressure! Tony caught the boat on Saturday morning. After lunch Casey suggested we make a trip to the waterfall for a swim. She knew I was anxious about later that night and thought a swim might help take my mind of it. Poppy joined us and we had a good time swimming naked in the cool water. Casey believed I needed a little pre- performance relief so she gave me a blow job on our favorite rock ledge. To my pleasant surprise Poppy joined her and two wet tongues had me coming in pretty short time. I stiffened up again as they lapped up my mess afterwards ... this resulted in a second blow job ... with me giving them the same result to clean up.
That night we all shared a couple of joints before retiring to the bedroom. I was feeling pretty mellow and my nerves were almost gone. To make it seem less like we were giving a staged sex show, Rex had subdued the lighting and light music was playing. There was a large worn couch against the wall and Rex sat down between the girls. Maria and I got onto the bed and she leant in and kissed me. Soon our tongues were exploring each- others mouths and I loved it when she nibbled on my tongue with her teeth. We slowly started to undress each other. When we were down to just our underwear, Maria looked over at the others.
"It'll be less of a show and more exiting for us to see you all naked as well," she smiled.
I nodded in agreement and we watched the others stand to strip.
"Undress each other." Maria said in a husky voice obviously turned on by watching them.
The girls both helped remove Rex's T Shirt and pants. They made quite a show of slowly removing his boxers and were rewarded as his cock grew before their faces. Rex just smiled unfazed by his excited state. They undressed Poppy next, Casey tweaking her friends hardened nipples as she removed her bra. Rex just watched as Poppy undressed Casey, he obviously didn't think it appropriate to undress his niece. Once naked they all sat down, Poppy changing places and sitting between the other two.
Maria and I turned our attention back to each other. We finished undressing and knelt facing each other. I cupped her full breasts in my hands and rolled her nipples between my fingers, they immediately grew hard at my touch. We kissed again, this time it was with more urgency and passion. Her lips finally left mine and she proceeded to kiss down my chest and stomach. With a laugh she pushed me back onto the bed and I felt the cool sheets on my back. My erection was already full and it stood proudly pointing to the roof in all it's glory.
"Very nice! You don't disappoint do you TJ." Maria said smiling.
"He never disappoints," Casey chuckled from the couch.
I blushed at her comment and glanced over. All three of them were smiling back at me. I noticed Casey had her hand on Poppy's upper thigh as they sat close together. Rex was still stiff and he had his arm around poppy's shoulders, she was resting her head on his arm.
My attention was quickly drawn back to the bed as I felt Maria's warm tongue lick up the side of my cock. I groaned as she took it into her mouth and started to blow me. I was glad I had been drained a couple of times earlier as knew I would last longer. Maria's use of her tongue and lips had me breathing hard and writhing on the bed. I had to finally push her head away before I came to early. She smiled at me as I acknowledged her expertise. I sat up and gently eased her onto her back and she opened her legs as I descended down the bed for a close up view of her freshly shaved pussy. Her labia was already slightly swollen from her desire, as I parted the fleshy strips with my tongue she gasped. I took my time exploring her, smelling her musky scent, savouring her juices as they leaked from within. Her clit grew hard and stiff as I nibbled on it lightly. I inserted one and then two fingers inside her very wet and slick vagina and proceeded to lick her clit with more pressure. Her groans of pleasure became louder as she gripped my hair with her hands. Suddenly her thighs slammed in against the side of my head as she climaxed, lifting her hips up off the bed. I clung onto her and continued plunging my fingers in and out of a now very wet and leaking pussy. I could feel liquid flood out onto my face as she rode out a powerful orgasm. Finally opening her legs she pushed my head away forcefully and collapsed back on the bed spasming and panting for breath. I was also gulping in big breaths as her squeezed thighs had made it hard to get much air into my lungs.
"Fuck, that was amazing! I came so hard." Maria said between breaths. Then looking over towards the couch she added. "You were right Casey baby, he doesn't disappoint!"
"You haven't seen anything yet," she replied. "He's just as good with his cock inside."
I looked over at Casey. "Awe com'on. Let's not pile on the performance pressure, OK."
"You've never let me down before ... Tiny," she smiled back and winked.
"First I need a few minutes to recover ... I also need to pee." Maria said and sat up. "I'll get a towel to dry you off TJ, sorry about that," she said looking at me wiping her wet sticky cum from my face with the palm of my hand.
I smiled back and shrugged.
While Maria peed I looked at the others on the couch. It was clear they were all aroused by what they had watched and all three faces looked flushed. Both girls had their legs up on the couch and I could tell they'd been playing with themselves. Rex was still as stiff as a pole and he had a hand around his shaft, his other hand had dropped onto Poppy's breast and her nipple was red and swollen from his touch. Casey smiled at me and I smiled back. Rex gave me a thumbs up and a wink. I lay back on the now damp sheets and shut my eyes resting.
My respite wasn't for long as I felt Maria get back onto the bed. She wiped my face with a cold cloth and then kissed me seductively on the mouth.
"Ready for round two?" Her tone was so sexy that my slightly deflated dick began to rise.
Maria's mouth had me at full mast quickly and she straddled me, lowering herself until the tip of my cock was just touching her opening. Her eyes never left mine as her labia parted and I was slowly engulfed in warm soft flesh. I felt my balls touch her outer lips as I bottomed out inside of her. We then made slow and passionate love, our eyes devouring each other, our kisses were soft as our tongues gently touched. Her hands lightly caressed my chest and shoulders, it felt really good. I reciprocated by gently brushing my hands her across back and down her sides. I had never quite felt like this, it was as though a small fire had been lit and it was burning slowly as the flames were fanned by our growing arousal. I didn't think it was possible to feel so consumed by somebody as Maria rose and fell on my cock ... she never got faster it was just a slow steady pace. I shut my eyes and could feel every nerve ending in my cock as she moved above me. I opened my eyes and saw her breathing slowly as if in a trance herself. As I watched her my breathing seemed to synchronize with hers. I closed my eyes again. How long we continued like that I don't know, as time didn't seem to matter, the fire just built really slowly ... perfectly slowly. My orgasm kind of crept up on me as the pleasure I was feeling had me captivated in a kind of dream world. The sensation was remarkable. When I climaxed, and climax is the right word ... I felt euphoric pleasure as if my whole body was joining hers.
"Ohh ....TJ .... Ohh ..yes," Maria said quietly as I felt her contract around my still ejaculating cock.
We both stayed still, our bodies hardly moving as we felt each other's orgasm. I finally opened my eyes and stared up at her beautiful smiling face. A complete feeling of relaxation enveloped me.
"Wow, what just happened!" I said as lay there.
"It's a sort of tantric sex technique," she replied and bent forward gently kissing me.
"Maria, you got to teach me that." Casey said in a small voice of wonderment.
Maria and I looked over at the couch. We had both forgotten about our voyeur audience.
"That was the most erotic thing I've every seen ... I could almost feel it myself," Casey added in awe.
They all looked as though they had had a good time watching. Poppy had definitely orgasmed as I could see that post orgasmic look in her eye. It seemed as though she'd helped Rex out as well, her hand was in his lap covered in cum. Casey was still gently rubbing her swollen clit, her own juices had run out and left a sticky wet patch on the couch between her legs.
"You got the full works there TJ," Rex said smiling. "Hell, it took us six months to perfect that kind of love making. You got it in one."
"I had a good teacher," I replied looking at Maria.
"When do our lessons begin," Poppy chimed in. "I want that with Tony."
"I can give you some tips," Maria offered.
I didn't want to move. The blissful feelings remaining as I lay there with Maria still impaled on my hard cock.
"Better clean up," she finally said, kissing me again before rising and sliding off the bed and heading for the bathroom. Rex got up and followed her.
Casey and Poppy got up and joined me on the bed. I embraced their sweaty bodies into mine as we lay in silence. After a few minutes Rex and Maria came back out of the bathroom hand in hand. They looked at us strewn across the bed and chuckled. Then grabbing their clothes they left the room.
"Ice cream and fruit in the kitchen in ten minutes," Maria called back from the hallway.
We cuddled for another five minutes and then dressed. None of us bothered with underwear.
When we got back to our tent it was after 1.00am. Poppy crawled in with us and we stripped off and lay on our sleeping bag with just a cotton sheet over our nakedness. I sleep like a baby and woke to the sound of the girls moaning and groaning as they ate each other out in the 69 position. I propped myself up on the pillows and masturbated watching them.
Tony came back the following day and things returned to normal, although he did mention to me that Poppy was all over him trying new things in bed that night. Not that he was complaining.
Back on the mainland after the holiday our lives carried on with university for Casey and construction work for me. We had received some advice from Rex and Maria regarding tantric sex techniques and even looked on-line for more information. Practicing what we read soon had our sex life enhanced in so many ways. We could reach that euphoric state I had achieved with Maria and sometimes our pleasure lasted for hours. On other occasions we could get ourselves so worked up during the day that we would rip each other's clothes off and it would be over in an explosive few mind-blowing minutes. Life was good.
Over the next year Casey and I still engaged in occasional voyeurism, both at my Dad's place when we visited and through a small peep hole we made into the bedroom of the girls who share our apartment.
We found that our housemates Cindy and Kelly had a vibrant sex life and they were into a number of fetishes that we enjoyed watching. Their bondage sessions were a real turn on and they knew more knots that a boy scout when they tied each other up. Strap-ons were another way they enjoyed sexual pleasure and they had a large array with attachments of all shapes and sizes, including one that had two faux penises that double penetrated ass and pussy at the same time. We were fortunate that our closets separated the two bedrooms and they would be quite vocal thinking we couldn't hear them. Our hole into their room was inside our closet, just like back at the island. I had cut out a section of the wallboard on our side and then a small hole through the opposite wall covering. The hole backed onto their wall mirror. I had then scraped a small hole in the reflective paint of the mirror and we had our view. However after awhile we decided we wanted a better view that was less restricted. I came up with a plan. They had been asking if the mirror on their wall could be replaced as it had a crack along one side. I hadn't done it yet as it was in front of our spyhole. The mirror was quite large and it was fixed permanently to the wall, I measured it up and then through a work contact I purchased a one way mirror the same size. While Cindy and Kelly were away for a weekend I detached the old mirror and then cut a two-foot square hole through the wall board of both rooms. I then attached the new mirror to the wall on their side and the result was a large one way viewing area straight into their bedroom. I made a hinged false panel in the back of our closet to cover our side and it was finished. From then on we had a great time as voyeurs, and with not having to peek though a small hole we could indulge in all sorts of sexual activities on our side while secretly watching them in return. I remember one weekend in particular when they invited an old school friend of Kelly's to stay. Most of their weekend was spent on the bed as the three of them indulged in some of the freakiest lesbian sex I had ever seen. All the ropes, whips, toys, and leather outfits made an appearance and they fucked each other in everyway possible. Kelly's friend Stacey had the longest tongue I had ever seen and she could almost fuck the other girls with it as she wormed it into their pussy's and asses. Casey and I came so many times watching, we were as exhausted as they were by Sunday night. Poppy had joined us for the last night and she masturbated beside us, it was just like old times.
Tony still didn't know about our voyeur tendencies and Poppy was fine that it stayed that way. He's a little bit conservative for all this kind of stuff was her excuse.
We hadn't planned to return to the island the following summer. My Dad and Maddie had asked us if we wanted to join them and Katie in France, staying with Maddie's family. But a month before we were due to leave dad had a car accident and badly broke his leg. He needed two operations and at least six months recovery and rehab.
Casey and I were at a bit of a loss at what to do. Rex and Maria were going to be away visiting her relatives so the island seemed a no go. Not having a lot of extra money to spend we had resigned ourselves to hanging around home and just taking weekend trips away. Then one evening while having dinner with Poppy and Tony, that plan changed.
"What are you guys planning to do on your time off, now that Europe it off the table?" Poppy had asked.
The way she said it made me feel she was sussing us out for something.
"Not much really, just chilling at home I guess." Casey replied with a sigh.
"Well, I was talking with Milly at breakfast a couple of days ago and she said they were looking for a building team to erect a permanent structure over on Carters Island. They've just been given a bunch of money to continue their research long term. The conservation department that runs the island has approved a facility with two bedrooms and an attached working space. Evidently they want to get it built this summer while the island's closed to other guests because of Rex and Maria being away. Don't supposed you're interested."
"It'll take longer than the three weeks holiday I've got to build a whole house." I replied, shaking my head.
I'd helped build at least a dozen houses in the first two years of my apprenticeship, so I knew how much work would be involved.
"I think it's all kind of prefabricated or something. They have another builder keen to help and Tony and I are going over ... plus Milly and Bela will be there too. Come on, it'll be fun. It can't be that difficult."
"Spoken like a person who's never built a house before." I said smiling and shaking my head.
"We're in!" Casey said enthusiastically. Then she turned to me with big puppy dog eyes, "pleeeeese TJ."
I sighed and shrugged. "How can I resist those eyes ... alright yeah, we're in."
Casey gave me a big hug, "Yay, island life here we come!"
"Hey, just remember we'll be there to work, not swim and hike." I chastised her.
"Spoil sport!" she pouted poking out her tongue.
I called Milly the next day and we met up with the other builder. His name was Mike and he was pretty experienced. We looked over the plans together and saw that the structure was classed semi-permanent and would sit on wooden beams not proper foundations, so no permits were needed. It was a kitset and came delivered with everything right down to the kitchen sink. It was still going to take longer to build than the three weeks I had off though. Mike had planned on being there for four weeks at least, and he asked if I could get longer off work. Milly said she could chip in some cash to cover extra time off if needed. I rang my uncle and when he heard it was for a research project he gave me an extra three weeks off, on full pay.
Four weeks later we boarded the boat to head out to the island ... and once again the water was reasonably calm so I arrived with my breakfast still inside. Rex and Maria were there to meet as all. They had delayed their holiday for a couple of days to get us settled in and to help move the huge pile of building materials that had been delivered by barge and now sat next to the wharf. We all set up our tents. There was plenty of space so we spread out. Casey and I decided to pitch our tent back where we'd been the last couple of years. Poppy and Tony took the lower area with Mike. Milly and Bela were going to sleep in Rex and Maria's room while they were away, so in the mean-time they just set up an air mattress in the conference room.
It took two long, hard days to move the flat packed building with Rex's trailer and small tractor. Twenty- two trips later it was stacked up in a small clearing waiting to be assembled. Rex left the next morning for a meeting in the city and Maria was going to join him the following day, then they'd head off on holiday. The rest of us ate dinner together that night before heading out to our tents.
Casey and I had just stripped off when we got a knock on the tent post. Maria poked her head in and asked if she could join us. She crawled in and we could see she was wearing just a long T-Shirt.
"Thought you might want something to relax you before bed," she said and showed us the couple of joints in her hand.
It did seem a little bit strange for Casey and I to sit there naked while we and talked and passed a joint around. However we were all aware of what was eventually going to happen so no-one mentioned it. Finally after the last draw on the second joint, Maria lifted her T-Shirt over her head and joined our nudity. She looked as good as I remembered and I noted her nipples were already erect revealing her aroused state. She smiled, leaned forward and kissed me. To my surprise, she then turned and kissed Casey. I don't know whether it was just the effect of the weed or not but Casey kissed her back. This was starting to get interesting. We three-way kissed for awhile and then I felt a hand on my stiffening cock. I wasn't sure who's hand it was but it was soon joined by another. As they stroked my shaft and fondled by balls I returned the favor with my hands between their legs. Both of them opened their thighs to give me better access and soon I was rubbing two very wet pussies. I eventually inserted a finger into Casey and she moaned and started to rub her clit with her free hand. As I went to finger Maria she stopped me and shook her head.
"I've got my period, so just play outdoors for now, OK," she said quietly.
I looked between her legs and saw the string of a tampon stuck to the side of her wet and swollen labia.
"We can look at other things later," she added and winked.
I suppose that could have meant all sorts of things but I was secretly hoping she meant anal sex was on the menu!
We continued playing with one another until Casey gave a guttural cry and orgasmed on my hand. She collapsed forward and Maria held her as she came back down from her climax. We continued to kiss as we lay back on the sleeping bag. I removed my wet fingers from Casey and Maria put them in her mouth and savored the taste of my gorgeous girl. I'd stopped them playing with my cock as I was close to cumming and I didn't want to get off to soon. Sitting back, I watched as Maria knelt between Casey's legs and sucked the licked the remaining juices from her drenched pussy, making Casey orgasm again in double quick time ... it was so sexy to watch. Maria kissed her way back up Casey's body until their mouths met in a gentle and sensitive kiss. Maria's backside was facing me as they continued kissing.
"Fuck my arse TJ." She said between kisses. "That's if you want to." She said added a wicked tone.
"Oh, he wants to." Casey replied for me and giggled.
She was right I wanted to.
"Lubes in my backpack baby, enjoy"
I did enjoy. Maria's butthole was tight and it sucked onto my cock like a vacuum as I thrust in and out of her. I could feel Casey's hand furiously rubbing the pussy lips beneath my cock and soon the butt cheeks before me started to tremble and shake. I couldn't hold out any longer and with one final trust I emptied my balls into Maria. She continued to shake and moan until finally a powerful orgasm overwhelmed her body, her head arching back as she cried out in pleasure.
Maria stayed with us that night and in the morning she watched as Casey and I made slow love while she masturbated with Casey's vibrator.
Later that morning after breakfast we said our goodbyes. As I helped Maria onto the boat she whispered in my ear.
"How much cum did you leave in me last night? I can still feel it dripping out of my arse into my panties. Rex is going to love seeing the wet patch you've left behind."
She smiled and winked at me as she sat on the boat and squirmed on her seat. I had to turn and walk to the end of the wharf till my growing cock deflated.
Once the boat had gone we all went up to the building site to begin work. Mark and I set up a laser level and showed the others where we needed to dig to flatten the area where the beam foundations would sit. By that evening we had the site ready to begin the build. It was a bit like putting together a very large piece of kitset furniture, with every piece numbered and clearly marked as to where it should go. The following day as fast as the others could bring us a joist or a sheet of flooring Mark and I had it in place before the next one arrived. By late afternoon we had the floor completed.
Everyone was pretty tired, so it was an early night. Casey was asleep seconds after her head hit the pillow and I was not far behind.
Over the next two days we managed to get the exterior walls up and the ceiling rafters on. Because the wall sections came complete with cladding, insulation and interior lining, it looked very much like a small house already and everyone was surprised how fast it had gone. Of course Mark and I knew that everything would go slower from now on but we didn't say anything to burst the others bubble of joy.
By the end of the first week the flat roof was on, and the structure was pretty much up. That was a good thing because it rained for the following two days. We temporarily blocked up the windows and doors to make the structure watertight.
Because of the rain it was decided we'd take a break. Besides Tony and the girls were all feeling the effects of the physical work and their sore muscles needed a rest. We spent our days relaxing and playing cards in the conference room ... while eating and drinking far too much!
It was on the second night of the rain that Casey and I decided to sneak into her old room and look through the spy holes. Milly and Bela had moved into the master bedroom after Maria had left. We felt like naughty little kids as we ran naked through the rain to the station house back door and then silently crept down the hall and into the small bedroom closet. With our hearts beating faster by the second we pressed our eyes up against the wall and peeked into the room next-door. Our heads were touching as we squinted through our spyholes. I put my arm around Casey's waist and she snuggled up against me as we waited and watched. Milly finally came into the room and sat up in bed with her laptop, she was wearing a loose-fitting night shirt. Bela was nowhere to be seen. Then we heard the sound of the toilet flushing in the ensuite, revealing Bela's whereabouts. A few minutes later Bela appeared. She stopped at the end of the bed, her back blocking our view while she whispered something to Milly. With her back still facing us Bela pulled her t-shirt over her head and dropped it on the floor. Her tanned back was exposed as she hopped onto the bed and crawled slowly toward her smiling girlfriend. Bela's butt was now clearly in our view, she was wearing a pair of white cotton panties dotted in little red hearts. Milly closed the laptop and put it on the bedside table, she then reached down and tugged her nightshirt from under her buttocks and pulled it off over her head ... revealing a pair of beautiful boobs. They looked flawless, her areola contrasting slightly in color with the rich ebony hue of her skin. Bela took one of Milly's little dark nipples into her mouth and sucked it strongly for a few seconds before letting it go with a pop. She repeated the move with the other breast.
"Wow! I would love to do that." Casey whispered beside me.
"You're not the only one." I replied as I felt my cock start to rise.
Milly gasped as Bela continued to roughly play with her now hard nipples.
"Oww! You bit me you little bitch!" Milly cried out and gave Bela a playful slap on the bottom and pulled her head away. They joined lips for a passionate kiss.
Soon they had a hand in each other pants and were rubbing aggressively as their breathing became more intense.
"Fuck! Make me come!" Bela gasped out and flung her head into Milly's neck, biting the top of her shoulder.
Milly slapped her lovers bottom with a hard smack in retaliation. She doubled the speed of her fingers and soon Bela let out a grunt and orgasmed, bucking up and down on Milly's hand.
"Shit ... shit ...shit, don't stop!" Bela exclaimed, and came to a second climax moments later. Finally, she pulled Milly's hand out of her panties and collapsed forward onto her stomach, panting and moaning.
"That'll teach you, my pretty little bitch." Milly said smiling and gave Bela another hard whack on the butt.
"Fuck you!" was Bela's muffled response, her head buried in the pillow.
On the other side of the wall were two very aroused voyeurs. Both of us had spent the last ten minutes fondling our lower parts. We turned to watch each other for awhile before returning our gaze to the other room. To our shock Milly was now standing at the end of the bed looking straight at us. We knew she couldn't see us but it was obvious by her look that she knew we were there. Raising her hand she extended her index finger and beckoned to us.
"Get the fuck in here, perv's!" she said loud enough for us the hear through the wall.
Casey and I drew back from the wall and looked at each other in surprise.
"Shit!" I exclaimed.
"Shit is right!" Casey agreed.
We were unsure of what to do ... did we make a run for it back to our tent or did we bite the bullet and do as Milly asked.
"Fuck it all," Casey finally said. "This could be fun."
She grabbed my hand and pulled me out of the closet and up the hallway. We got to the end of the hall and noticed light coming from the conference room. I put my ear quietly up to the wooden door and listened. I could hear voices on the other side ... Poppy and Tony, then Mark as well. They must have been holding off going to their tents until the heavy rain outside stopped. I looked a Casey and shrugged. The only way to reach Milly and Bela was to go through the conference room and then the kitchen. I knew there was no way could go ahead without arousing the others suspicion, especially since we were still naked!
Thinking quickly I came up with another plan. This time I pulled Casey along as we retraced our steps down the hall and exited outside by the door we had come in. It was still pouring with rain so we took off running to get to the front of the building. As we approached the front steps Casey slipped and while trying to save her we both fell to the ground, resulting in us both being covered in mud. We sat up and laughed at our appearance before standing and climbing the steps to the porch. Making our way around to the bedroom window, I tapped on the glass. A few moments later Milly's head appeared between the curtains. She opened the sash window and stared at us.
"We have a door, you know!" she said shaking her head and ushered us inside.
We climbed over the window sill and stood side by side in the bedroom holding hands nervously. Bela, who sat cross legged on the bed, started to laugh when she saw our mud-covered bodies.
"You really are a dirty couple of perv's aren't you." She continued to laugh.
"Hit the shower, I'm not touching you looking like that!" Milly said shaking her head again.
We padded across the room toward the bathroom. As we passed the wall with the peep holes I took a quick look ... the two little black dots were almost invisible. How the hell did they know about them I wondered as I headed for the shower.
Under the stream of warm water we washed the mud off each other.
"Did you hear what Milly said?" Casey whispered wide eyed. "She want's to touch us!"
We smiled at each other, turned off the water and hurriedly toweled ourselves dry. When we re-entered the bedroom, Milly and Bela were both sitting up in bed relaxing against the headboard. They were both were still topless.
"Ok, perv's, you've seen us in action now we get to see you." Milly stated plainly.
We stood awkwardly at the end of the bed, a little confused at what she was asking.
"Hey, you're both pretty smart kids, I don't have to spell it out for you do I?" she said assertively and stared at us.
"That's her way of asking you nicely to get on the bed and fuck for us," Bela said smiling.
"You want us to ... do it, while you watch?" Casey asked surprised.
"Now your getting it Casey sweetheart... show us what you got."
We looked at each other and shrugged. I helped Casey onto the bed and got on after her. It was a bit cramped so Milly and Bela pulled their legs up out of the way. We started tentatively kissing and caressing each other, it felt strange to be watched so closely. Eventually our growing arousal took control and we forgot about our audience. I sucked on Casey's breasts as she put her hand between my legs and stroked me till I was stiff.
"Wow, you were right, there's nothing tiny about you TJ." Milly chuckled, making us conscious of their presence again.
We both looked towards them and stopped our touching.
"Keep going ... please." Bela said, her voice a little breathy from her own arousal. Her hand was inside her panties.
We turned back to each other and resumed our foreplay, soon forgetting the interruption. Our passion overwhelmed us and for the next half hour we made love in front of the two watching women. When I finally withdrew my deflated penis from Casey's cum filled pussy, we fell breathless on the bed.
After a few minutes I glanced over at Milly and Bela, both were flushed and had obviously enjoyed themselves watching us. Neither had panties on any longer, and their pussy lips looked wet and swollen from the attention they'd received. Milly patted the bed beside her and Casey and I shuffled up and the four of us snuggled together. After a period of gentle caressing we all drifted off to sleep.
In the morning I woke with Milly draped over me, her mop of black hair on my chest. Casey was on my other side, tucked in under my arm. Bela was spooning Casey from behind. I lay there quietly not wanting to wake the others. Finally Milly stirred and yawned. She turned her head and looked at me smiling. We kissed briefly and she screwed her face up.
"Sorry, I've got morning breath," she confessed with a sheepish grin.
We eased out of bed and stood naked beside each other looking down at the Casey and Bela spooning, still fast asleep in bed.
"Hmm, she's beautiful. You're a lucky guy Tiny." She said giving me a nudge.
"So are you." I returned the compliment looking at Bela.
"Let's let them sleep in. I'll take a quick shower and start breakfast."
"I better go and get some clothes for Casey. Let's hope no-one else is up yet." I said looking at my nakedness.
I went to the window and pulled back the curtain and looked out. The rain had stopped and the sun was just rising. Plumes of steam drifted into the air from the drying vegetation. I opened the window and climbed out.
"This isn't over yet, you know that right?" Milly smiled at me wickedly through the open window.
"I hope not." I replied and grinned back.
"Now ... Run Forest, run!" Milly mimicked. I took off across the porch and raced back towards my tent.
As I rounded the building I almost crashed into Poppy as she headed for the showers. I just managed to stop in front of her. Her eyes open wide in surprise at my nakedness.
"Don't ask." I said holding up my hands.
Poopy raised her eyebrows and smiled. "Maybe not now but later I want all the details," she said as I carried on with my run of shame.
Later that day after working hard on the construction site I cornered Bela during a drink break.
"How did you know about the peep holes?"
"We stayed in the small bedroom bunks for a week when we first arrived on the island to start our research. It took us a couple of days to notice the hole but when we did Rex and Maria put on a number of good shows for us to watch. Milly finally realized they must have known when we were watching. You know what Milly's like, she can't leave anything alone so she approached Maria about it. Maria confessed to their exhibitionist fetish and about having their own peep hole. Casey arrived a few days later so we moved out to the tent and that was that."
"So you didn't get together with them or anything?" I quizzed her.
"No, why?" she replied a little confused. Then her faced changed as the penny dropped. "Wait, are you saying you got together with them after you found the hole? You aren't a little perv you're a great big perv! High five stud!" she exclaimed laughing.
I blushed and reluctantly high fived her.
"Hang on, did Casey get involved or was it just you?" she queried, in a more serious tone.
I knew what she was inferring.
"It was just me and Maria. Casey, Poppy and Rex just watched."
"Ok, so no family hanky-panky then." She looked at me intently.
"None. I swear. Rex did nothing inappropriate." I answered truthfully.
"That's cool. I didn't think he was that kind of guy anyway ... but just needed to check."
"No problem."
"Soooo ... you and Maria!" Bela ruffled my hair and winked.
"Ah, yeah." I replied sheepishly.
"She is a real babe. I envy you. I've always wished I could get a hold of those lovely tits of hers."
"She was amazing in bed." I confessed. "Kind of a tantric sex thing. It blew my mind. Casey and I have been learning all about it, it's really made our sex life great."
"Listen to you .... I remember when you first came over here, I was worried you might not even be able to get it up, you were so nervous. Now you're the perfect little lover ... well, you were last night anyway. Gotta get me some of that." She grinned and slapped my butt as she walked away. Just when I thought I couldn't blush again, I did.
For the next week Milly and Bela continually teased Casey and I by making suggestive comments about what they expected from us ... sometime soon. We were so aroused at times that on more than one occasion we snuck off to our tent for a quickie to relieve the tension.
Meanwhile the building process was going well, we were actually ahead of schedule despite the bad weather. The windows and doors were all in and the internal walls were up. We had run all the electrical cable and internal plumbing. Tony and I had spent two long hard days digging a trench from the shower block to the new building for our power cable and water supply. Unfortunately it had completely done Tony's back in. He was in considerable pain the next day. It was decided that he'd have to go to the mainland to see a doctor, Poppy would go with him. Mark decided to go too as he needed to pick up some extra building supplies for the outside deck. He would also bring back his electrician friend who was going to connect up the power supply to the islands solar panels and back-up diesel generator.
We rang and booked the boat for a pickup and they left early that afternoon.
So with just Milly, Bela, Casey and I left we decided to take the rest of the day off. A trip to the waterfall was planned for a swim and a picnic supper.
On the hike to the falls, we joked around and decided to play a game of trivia questions. We took turns reading questions from a book I'd bought along. All the answers were multi choice and after some debate it was decided if you got the answer wrong you removed a piece of clothing and put in in your day pack. I thought I'd do really well as I liked trivia, and as expected I did get the most correct answers, however I also had on the least amount of clothing. Boots and socks were excluded as the track was rough in places. By the time we got to the falls I was down to my boxer shorts. Casey was already naked and she took over reading all the questions. Bela had her Panties on and Milly was still in both bra and panties.
We climbed up the cliff to the top pool and continued playing until a winner was declared. Fortunately for me the last two questions were sports related and I got them both correct, Milly and Bela lucked out and they joined Casey naked.
The site of three completely nude women in front of me was awesome. They all had incredible bodies. Milly was the first black girl I'd seen fully naked before and her ebony colored skin was flawless, it glistened with a sheen of perspiration from the suns heat. Bela's manicured red hued pubes matched her short-styled head of hair. Her tanned long-limbed body was firm and muscled, she obviously worked out at the gym. Casey just looked fantastic in every way to me. She was both cute and sexy.
"OK, game over." Casey announced. "The winners prize is to remove his underwear and display his bits and pieces to the gathered world."
"What sort of prize is that?" I said in mock disappointment.
"She didn't say what the world was going to do with those bits and pieces." Milly replied.
"Or what those bits and pieces might end up doing to the world." Bela added.
"In hindsight it sounds like an excellent prize." I responded removing my boxers.
Once I stood there naked I felt a little bit awkward, the girls just sat and stared at me.
"Swim time!" Milly finally broke the silence and started to remove her boots and socks.
The other two girls followed suit and moments later they rushed past me holding hands and jumped into the water.
"Hey, what about the triumphant bits and pieces!" I shouted after them removing my own boots and socks.
I dived in and caught them talking in a little huddle centre pool.
"Just setting some ground rules." Milly said as I treaded water beside them.
"What ground rules?" I asked.
"Never you mind."
I shrugged and sighed. "Women ... you're such ..."
"Amazing creatures of beauty and intellect," Casey interrupted smiling.
"Yeah, that's exactly what I was going to say." I mocked. The result of which was a deluge of spray being splashed in my direction by all three girls.
We swam for awhile and then exited onto the flat rock on the far side of the pool.
It was then that the gathered world, decided to reward the island trivia champion. I was subjected to a three-way blow job, which had me stiff as a flagpole in no time. Then they decide to play the days second game ... try to stop the throbbing cock from cumming for as long as possible. They all took turns bouncing up and down on my cock with their wet warm pussies. As soon as I seemed to be approaching orgasm they would pull off me and wait until I had regained control. This went on for about an hour and I was a shaking sweating mess by the time they allowed me to cum. Milly was straddling me at the time and by mutual agreement they let her ride me to a huge orgasm ... I almost fainted with relief as my balls contacted and I shot my load into Milly's pussy.
"You really are a bunch of sadistic bitches," I finally managed to say.
As enjoyable as it was, I honestly don't think I could go through with something like that again. I felt physically drained. I closed my eyes and lay there, my body still shaking from the ordeal. Casey lay down with me and softly caressed my chest as I recovered. I must have dozed off because the next thing I remember was Bela gently shaking my shoulder telling me our picnic supper was ready.
We arrived back at the ranger station just before dark. Milly invited us to spend the night with her and Bela but I declined, still feeling wiped out. I could tell Casey was keen to join them, so I kissed her goodnight and told her to have fun. Five minutes later I crawled into my tent and went straight to sleep. When I woke the next morning Casey was cuddled up beside me. I lay quietly listening to her breathing, she was so cute when she slept. I felt very lucky to have someone like her to love in my life.
Later that morning Casey filled me in on what she got up to the night before. They had 'daisy chained' each other ... a new term for me. Casey explained it meant all three lying on the bed while each sucked, licked and fingered another girls pussy. She'd had the pleasure of bringing Milly to orgasm, while Bela did the same to her. Milly took care of Bela. Then they had swapped and Milly had eaten her out while she tended to Bela's needs, leaving Bela to satisfy Milly. It sounded very erotic and I made a mental note to ask if it could happen again sometime soon ... with me watching! The girls spent the rest of the day cleaning the kitchen and generally tidying up the Ranger Station. I went back to work on the new building, assembling the kitchen units and fitting them into place.
Mark and his friend Rob returned the next day. We unloaded the materials they had bought over and then Rob started finishing the electrical work. Mark and I fitted out the bathroom.
Poppy had also returned but Tony had remained behind, his back not up to the travel let alone more physical work. She had left him at home to watch movies and eat takeaways for the next week. Late that afternoon after Rob had finished his work, Mark took him to the waterfalls for a swim. The rest of us stayed behind hanging out by the wharf enjoying the sun.
Poppy seemed a pre-occupied. At first we thought she was just missing Tony but when she asked for a hug, we knew something was up.
"I'm just a little emotional. Tony kind of cheated on me," she said quietly once our long embrace was over.
"What! That little bastard!" Milly immediately responded.
"No, he's not ... it's complicated." Poppy replied.
"Did he cheat or not?"
"Yeah ... but I said it was OK." She said and shrugged at our wide- eyed reaction.
"You want him to cheat?" Casey asked confused.
"Well it's not really cheating if I know about it ... and if I'm honest, I think it's a good thing, for both of us."
Now we were all looking at her bewildered.
"He confessed to having sex with, Gail Bench at the university."
"Wait, not thee Gail Bench. Head professor of the Bio department Gail Bench?" Bela asked astonished.
"Yeah, professor Bench."
"Shit, not only is she facility and he's a student but she's also got to be twenty-five years older than him! This is serious stuff Poppy and you're OK with it! " Milly exclaimed.
"I know. I know," Poppy sighed. "But Tony's told me before that he has a thing for older women, and the opportunity came up and he acted on his fantasy ... I can't blame him for that, and I certainly can't judge him, not with what I've been up to over the last few years with you guys ... it's the same thing."
"So, is he still going to see her?"
"Yeah, I guess. I told him he could. We both know it's not going to get serious. They obviously have to be discrete, and he gets to satisfy his fetish while she gets to fuck a younger guy for awhile."
"She's not giving him extra credits or anything is she, if I'd known she'd do that I'd have seduced her years ago." Bela said smiling.
"No. There's no incentives being offered. I just think she's lonely and he happened to be around. It's not like she'd have to bribe anyone, she's not ugly or anything. For her age she's actually pretty good looking."
"So you and Tony are good?" I asked for confirmation.
"Yeah, we are ... I mean I was shocked at first, but like I said when I thought about it, I've been fulfilling my fantasies so why can't he. He's kind of guessed that I'm bi-sexual anyway. We actually ended up agreeing that we could see other people, on a casual basis."
"You don't think it'll affect your sex life together," Casey asked.
"Considering I've got a wet patch on my panties right now from his cum dripping out of me, no I don't think it's going to affect us," she said and grinned.
"You had sex this morning? I thought he had a bad back?" Casey said laughing.
"We did it very, very carefully," Poppy giggled. "But it was good ... and we know we love each other," she added positively. "If your OK with it then I guess we are Pops." I said giving her another hug.
The others all stepped in and it became a group hug.
"Thanks for understanding." Poppy said afterwards. "But I do have another small problem now," she added.
"What problem?" Casey asked.
"Well I'm not sure who's bed I want to sleep in tonight." She said with a mock concern.
Bela raised her hand. "I'm open to offers over here," she said quickly.
"I live with you Bela. We share an apartment. Sorry ... I love you but it would be kind of weird." Poppy replied.
"I know, and you're right. But you can't blame a girl for trying." Bela said pouting.
"So that just leaves your tent." Poppy noted, looking at Casey and me.
"You are more than welcome, but we wont be tenting tonight and if you do join us then you need to be prepared for something a little different." I said with a hint of intrigue.
"Ooh, sounds interesting." she replied smiling. "Tell me more."
We explained a plan we had come up with earlier in the day. It involved Casey and I becoming the latest couple to be spied on through the closet peep holes. We had fantasied for awhile about letting someone spy on us having sex. Milly and Bela had offered to look at us through the spyholes but that wasn't really what we wanted. They had already seen us do just about everything, so there wouldn't be the same feeling as someone new. But now Rob had arrived we saw our chance. We had told him already that he would be staying in the small bunk room. We just had to make sure that we could get him to become the islands latest voyeur by looking through the spyholes. To make sure he didn't miss them I had already removed the door from the closet and leant it against the wall as though it was going to be painted. The light fitting in the bunk room was old and brittle it was due to be replaced years ago, Rex just hadn't got round to it. I had removed the bulb and broken the old fitting. Now, there was no internal light, which meant the small pin prick of light from the hole in the closet would be clearly visible in the dark room that night. I would ask Rob to replace the light fitting but would then tell him I'd misplaced the new one and would have to look for it in the morning. Milly and Bela would be sleeping in our tent tonight and we would take their bed. Hopefully we'd get to put on a show for Rob ... a great show if Poppy were now to join us!
We had supper that night and after a game or two of cards in the conference room I showed Rob to his room. The broken light story worked well and he was fine to just have a small torch I gave him. I left him alone in the room and raced around to the main bedroom. Casey was on the bed, naked and ready to start playing with one of Bela's vibrators. Poppy was also already there, she was sitting by the door out of view of the peep holes. I dashed across to the ensuite undressed quickly and got into the closet and peeked through Rex's spy hole to see if or when Rob might arrive. I could feel my heart beating faster and I was incredibly turned on, my cock was semi hard already. Nothing happened for awhile and I could see the odd flash of light from inside the room next door. It would have been from the torch beam. Finally it went dark. I signaled Poppy and she got up and gave the wall beneath the peep-holes a couple of bangs, dull thuds like someone accidently bumped the wall. Loud enough for Rob to hear but not sounding like a knock. I waited hardly daring to breathe. If Rob had looked in the direction of the sound he would clearly have seen the two spots of light on the wall. I didn't have to wait long because I saw his dark shape enter the closet. I waved to Casey and she started the vibrator and touched it to her clit. I could tell Rob had his eye pressed up to one of the holes and I waited to make sure he wasn't going to be a gentleman and go back to bed. Five minutes later he was still there, and I'm sure his hand was touching his cock.
I smiled at Poppy and Casey and gave them the thumbs up as I exited the closet.
Casey was already fully aroused and she had the vibrator deep inside her as her fingers rubbed across her hard-exposed clit. I stepped into view and moved onto the bed. Kneeling beside Casey I started to suck and kiss her nipples. They soon became hard and firm to my touch. Casey had a wicked smile on her face and I could tell she was as turned on as I was knowing Rob was looking at us. Before long she lowered her head and stated to lick my cock, eventually taking it into her mouth and slowly moving up and down the shaft. I in turn took over the fingering of her clit. It wasn't long before her eyes rolled back and she orgasmed, her body spasmed as the pleasure over took her. Once her climax had passed I lifted her leg and removed the still pulsing vibrator from her wet vagina and replaced with my throbbing cock. We fucked slowly that way for five minutes before Casey got on her knees and I re-entered her doggy style. We were now face on to Rob's view and Casey's little breasts rocked slightly to every stroke of my cock. She would have looked so sexy from Rob's view.
"Fuck me ... fuck me!" Casey kept repeating between various grunts and groans.
It was now time to take the show to another level. Poppy got up and knocked on the bedroom door as though she was on the other side. Casey and I stopped moving and looked toward the door trying to look surprised.
"Who is it?" I asked.
"It's Poppy, can I come in." she replied with her hand up to her mouth to muffle the sound.
I looked at Casey and she gave me the sexist wicked smile I had ever seen. If she was acting she deserved an Oscar, because that look spoke a thousand words.
"Come in." Casey said still looking at me before turning towards the door.
"Oh, sorry ...." Poppy said in mock surprise. Her acting was pretty good too.
"Don't go," Casey implored, reaching a hand out toward Poppy. "Join us," she added seductively.
I nodded my agreement and Poppy took the out stretched hand in hers and moved closer to the bed. Casey was still impaled on my cock and she slowly moved forward until I plopped out. We both got off the bed and stood beside Poppy. Our mouths met in a three-way kiss. We then proceeded to undress her as she faced the direction of the spyhole. I was truly excited to see her body become exposed, as I always was with Poppy. Her tattoos made her especially erotic to me and I leant forward and kissed my special little heart on the side of her breast. Once she was naked the girls moved onto the bed and began to kiss and fondle each-other's bodies. I slipped away and re-entered the closet to see if our voyeur was still watching ... he was and I could tell by his movements that he was having a good time jacking off watching. I went back and sat back on the bed as the girls got into a 69 position and noisily started to eat each other out. Poppy was on top of Casey and her butt was exposed to me. I got behind her and slowly inserted myself into her until I felt Casey's tongue flick my balls as she continued to lick Poppy's clit. It had been almost two years since I had been inside Poppy. I planned to make the most of it and took my time getting into a slow rhythm and going full length with each thrust forward. The girls both orgasmed before me and it was a little hard to keep from sliding out as the two of them thrashed around in ecstasy. I finally felt my own orgasm approaching, I pulled out I shot most of my load all over Poppy's backside before re-entering her pussy and letting the last of my cum coat her insides. My sperm dribbled down her arse crack and dripped onto Casey's face. After I reluctantly withdrew my cock, Poppy shuffled around and started to kiss and lick Casey's sticky face. I slowly got off the bed and went to check the peephole again. Rob was still there and I could faintly hear his loud breathing through the wall. I figured he had cum, hopefully more than once. I waited for him to go before I stepped out of the closet and I got a wet facecloth from the bathroom. Handing the cloth to the girls I told them he was gone. They gently wiped each other's faces clean before I turned the lights off. We lay on the bed together, one girl on each side of me, their heads resting on my chest as I embraced them.
"That was so fucking hot!" Casey said quietly.
"You got that right!" Poppy agreed. "Being watched is just as good as watching."
"Hell yeah!" I concurred. "But the best thing was doing it with both my best girls." I said, and kissed the top of both their heads, before shutting my eyes and drifting off to sleep.
In the morning when I woke up we were still in the same position. I eased out of bed and went to relieve my bladder. On the way back I had a peek into the closet next door. I wasn't expecting Rob to be there but was surprised when I saw he was. As I stepped back into the bedroom the girls were just waking up. Casey sat up and stretched her arms above her head and yawned, the sheet fell away exposing her pert little boobs. She saw me watching and flashed a smile in my direction. I pointed up at the spyhole and nodded to let her know she was being watched. She gave a slight nod back indicating she understood, then leaning down she whispered something to Poppy. For the next few minutes they both sat up and went through the motions of waking up fully, a stretch here, a yawn there, scratching an itch, smoothing their hair ... as they did this they exposed more of their bodies as the sheet got further down the bed. I knew it was all a show for Rob. Finally the girls gave each other an innocent looking good morning kiss, this lead to a longer kiss and before long they all over each other. Twenty minutes later they both lay sweating on the sheets after fingering each other to orgasm in a torrid make out session. I had sat back out of sight and watched while masturbating to a very satisfying orgasm myself. The girls then headed to the shower while I dressed and went to make breakfast.
Mark was first into the kitchen to help and Rob wasn't far behind. When Casey and Poppy joined us I smiled as I watched Rob follow them around with his eyes. When Casey leant over him to get a piece of toast she bumped her boobs into his arm. The look on his face was priceless as he flushed red and tried to keep composed. Poppy also teased him by sitting directly opposite and kept leaning forward to get things from the table, each time exposing most of her boobs in her low-cut top. I finally took pity on him and ushered him away to fix the light fitting in the bedroom. Later he caught the boat back to the mainland, but not before receiving a boob squashing goodbye hug from both the girls. I'm sure he was trying to cover up a hard-on as he got on the boat.
"Rob was real keen to stay on and help us finish this off" Mark mentioned later that day during a coffee break. "I even heard him on the phone this morning pleading with his boss to get some time off. He was pissed off that they needed him straight away for a big job. Must have really liked something about being here."
I smiled knowing exactly what Rob had liked!
We finished the major part of the build by the end of the week and Mike, Milly and Bela headed off to the mainland for a couple of days to arrange for a barge to bring over the furniture and research equipment. Casey and Poppy helped me finish off the deck and put a couple of coats of polyurethane on the internal floors, and then it was done.
When the others got back on the barge we hauled all the furniture up to the site and the project was complete.
Rex and Maria arrived back just in time for a moving party and we celebrated by feasting on barbequed ribs, washed down with plenty of alcohol. The music and dancing that followed went deep into the night.
A couple of days later Poppy left to be with Tony. Casey and I were sad to see her go ... we'd slept together for the last week and had some great sex. I knew it wasn't going to be the same once we got back home, but we'd agreed to try and spend more time together than we had in the past. Poppy was still debating on what she would tell Tony about our relationship and we trusted her to make the right decision.
Casey and I still had another week off so we spent it enjoying the island life .. which included daytime activities of hiking and swimming and night time activities that sometimes included Milly and Bela or Maria.