Note from the author: This is the first chapter in an ongoing series. The titular M Club won't actually appear until several chapters in, after the cast has been established.
*****
The first rule of M Club is: You don't talk about M Club. The second rule of M Club is: You don't talk about M Club. Third rule of M Club: No touching anyone but yourself. Fourth rule: No recording devices. Fifth rule: No clothing below the waist. Sixth rule: If this is your first time at M Club, you must masturbate.
***
Denby flicked her phone on while riding the current of fellow students moving from their fifth to sixth hour classes at Highland High. Sean, her boyfriend, had left a text and she popped it open: "The wait is killing me!" She sent a quick reply: "Me too!" and included a couple hearts and kissy lips for good measure.
"Sean?" Lisa, Denby's best friend since grade school, caught up and fell into step beside her.
"Yeah," Denby said, tucking her phone into her backpack. "Poor boy probably won't be able to concentrate through his last couple classes."
Lisa rolled her eyes and bumped shoulders with Denby playfully. "His place to yourselves after school. Think he'll want to take it all the way?"
Denby sighed. "Oh, he'll want it. Won't happen, of course."
"Sure you can resist?"
Denby hesitated before answering. She wanted to make love to her boyfriend desperately. After a string of short-lived relationships, she'd finally found that one guy with whom she could comfortably give up her virginity. Sean was different - mature, polite, and classy. A man among boys at school. But he was also a gentleman and respectful of her choices and limits, painful as they may be. No, Denby had promised her mother that she would not have sex before she graduated from high school. She might be eighteen, but the promise had been specific and she wouldn't break it for anything.
"I can resist," Denby said. "Doesn't mean we can't have some fun, though."
"Well, I expect full details later tonight," Lisa said. She blew Denby a kiss and split off down another hall.
Denby grinned. She was lucky to have a friend like Lisa - a loyal confidant. Lisa was a cute redhead, curvy and pretty enough to attract the attention of most boys. Unfortunately, she was also shy when it came to actually dating and seemed perfectly willing to just live vicariously through Denby's relationship highs and lows. Denby felt a little guilty about that one-sided arrangement, but the girl had rebuffed several offers to try to set her up on a date. Lisa insisted that she wanted her own future relationship to evolve organically. Denby had finally accepted Lisa's explanation as the way things would be. In the meantime, she didn't mind sharing stories. And Lisa, meanwhile, had a dirty mind and wasn't afraid to offer suggestions...an odd quirk for a girl so inexperienced.
Tonight Denby would have a good story to share, she hoped.
***
Denby sighed. Everything was perfect in the world - it was a gorgous April afternoon, with a warm sun in the clear blue sky, grasses turning lush green, leaves budding out in the trees, flowers popping up, and Sean's hand entwined in her own. Oh, and his house would be empty for at least an hour and a half, giving them some long-awaited privacy.
Sean, tall and lanky and handsome, glanced down at her with those captivating green eyes and smiled. She could tell he was both excited and a little nervous, though he hid the latter well. Was she doing as well?
"Home sweet home," Sean said as they walked up the porch steps to his house. Denby had been here a handful of times since they'd started dating, but seldom for very long. Sean had indicated that his mother wouldn't tolerate the two of them hanging out in his room with the door closed, which stifled the motivating to hang out here.
Denby followed Sean through the front door but crashed into his backside when he stopped short.
"Mom," he said, his voice ranging from shock to disappointment within that single syllable.
"Hi honey." Sean's mother looked up from the recliner in the living room where she was curled up with a book. "Oh, hi Denby."
Denby did all she could to hide her disappointment. Sean's mom, Mrs. Gregg, was nice enough - a classic soccer mom who kept the family on schedule and out of trouble, volunteered for everything, and still managed to find time for personal maintenance as evidenced by the toned figure she cut in yoga pants and tank top. She'd always made Denby feel welcome, even if there was just a hint of scrutiny underneath it all.
"Thought Ryan had a soccer game this afternoon," Sean said, referring to his younger brother and the reason why they were supposed to have come back to an empty house.
"He came home sick from school today. Upstairs resting."
"Oh, that's too bad," Sean said. "He'd been looking forward to it for days."
"Yeah, being sick is no fun," Denby said, trying to sound consoling rather than disappointed.
"Hopefully he'll be better and back to school by Friday so he can play this weekend," Mrs. Gregg said. "Stomach bug, though, so hard to say how long it'll take."
"Stomach, ugh." Sean frowned at Denby. "Maybe studying here isn't such a good idea after all. Library?"
Denby caught his cover story and ran with it. "Sure, that'll work. Don't want to catch anything and should probably let the poor guy sleep."
"Let me run up to my room to grab a couple things," Sean said, giving her hand a quick squeeze. "Be right back."
After Sean ran up the stairs, taking them three at a time, his mother turned her attention to Denby. "Ready for graduation yet? Sean can't seem to wait."
"Yeah, I'm ready for it." And you have no idea what I intend to do with your son afterward, she thought to herself. "How's the yoga class going?"
"Classes, now, actually." Mrs. Gregg set her book aside, turning her attention fully on Denby. "I picked up another two classes a week and am thinking about starting teacher training."
"Wow, good for you. Sounds like a lot of work."
Mrs. Gregg shrugged. "It is, but with Sean off to college next fall and Ryan not far behind, figured I'd better start finding ways to fill in the spare time."
"Well, if you ever want to practice teaching, let me know," Denby said, figuring the gesture would be nice even if she never expected to be taken up on it. "Hard to fit anything like that in with a school and all, but it sounds like fun."
Mrs. Gregg thanked her for the offer just as Sean came back down the stairs, slinging his backpack over a shoulder.
"Ready?" he asked. Denby nodded and said farewell to Mrs. Denby.
Back outside, Sean led the way in the general direction of the library some six blocks away. "What were you and mom talking about?"
"Her yoga. You didn't tell me she's thinking of becoming a teacher."
"Oh, yeah. We'll see if it happens. Wouldn't be surprised, though. The more she does yoga, the more she likes it. Think it's like crack to her."
"She looks good, so it must be working." Sean just shrugged, so Denby changed topics. "So, since your house is off-limits, what did you really have in mind?"
Sean took her hand and grinned. "I think it's just dry and warm enough now to show you
plan B."
"Plan B?"
"Just stick with me."
***
Plan B, Denby was pleased to discover, was a quiet little clearing deep in the woods of a nearby nature preserve. The spot was probably the size of her living room, devoid of trees and covered in thick, soft grass dotted with a few spring flowers. It was beautiful. And, more importantly, it was far enough away from the main trail that it afforded a good bit of privacy.
"How'd you know about this place?" she asked as Sean spread out a blanket he'd snuck out in his backpack.
"My brother and I stumbled on it one day a few years ago when we were playing around here. There are a couple other little clearings like this here and there, but this was the biggest. Been a couple years, so I'm glad I was still able to find it."
"Me too." Denby crawled onto the blanket, rolled over, and sprawled out on her back. Through the tunnel of green above her, she could see puffy white clouds ambling by in the brilliant blue sky. "This might be better than your place, as long as the weather behaves."
"Glad you approve," Sean said, sidling up beside her and leaning over to give her a long, lusty kiss.
Denby was only too happy to receive his attention and she eagerly opened her mouth, playing with his tongue. She closed her eyes and gave herself over to the pleasure his touch induced in her. She was practically shaking with anticipation.
"I like your touch," she whispered between kisses.
"Do you, now?" Sean smiled. "Like, here?"
He ran his fingers up and down her bare arm. Denby nodded her approval.
"Or here?" He ran his fingers around the back of her neck, just under her ear.
"That's good, too," she said.
He then scooted down and ran his hands up and down her freshly shaved bare legs. Thank goodness it was finally warm enough for shorts, she thought. The sensation sent shivers up her body. As he got closer to the bottoms of her brief shorts, the blissful tension grew.
"And this?"
"Very nice."
He kneeled between her legs and ran his hands up her sides until they cupped her breasts outside of her tank top. Denby let out a small gasp. There was still too much fabric in the way, but she liked when he touched her there...few times as it had been so far.
"This okay?"
"Very okay," she said, grinning. "But could be even better."
Sean leaned forward, his crotch conspicuously pressing into hers while much of his weight settled on top of her. He used one arm to support himself while keeping the other on her breast, massaging it gently. He leaned in to kiss her with more intensity. Denby wrapped her legs around his and pulled him in closer.
He whispered in her ear. "Better how?"
"Skin on skin." Her response was a ragged whisper.
Sean wasted no time in sliding his hand up under her shirt and, with a little difficulty, under her bra to cup her breast. Denby moaned as his fingertips crossed her hard nipple. They continued to kiss while he did his best to stimulate her.
"Take my shirt off," she said out of frustration with his confined efforts. They'd done the hands under the shirt thing before. Today she'd wanted him to have full, unfettered access.
Sean rolled off and Denby sat up. He lifted her shirt from the hem up and over her head while she extended her arms to help. She'd worn her favorite "sexy" bra - a translucent black number with a bit of subtle lace around the edges. The way his eyes were drawn to the outline of her nipples suggested her boyfriend approved.
He reached around behind her and managed to find and undo the clasp without much fuss. Slowly, he pulled the straps around the front and down her arms. The cups fell away, revealing her modest breasts to him for the first time. While she'd have happily taken larger ones, she was content with what she had - she could fill out any shirt or swimsuit well enough to draw attention without them being so big as to get in the way or give her back problems.
"Beautiful," Sean said.
"Thanks." Denby shuddered as a breeze blew across her erect nipples, a novel and unfamiliar feeling. While she was slightly nervous at being exposed out in the park, she was also excited by it. "This is the first time a guy has seen them. Or the sun, for that matter."
Sean chuckled. "I'm honored."
He reached out and ran his fingertips across one breast, teasing the nipple. Denby smiled. He then cupped one and then both, running his thumbs in small circles around the nipples. She closed her eyes and sighed.
He tried to get her to lay back down, but she opened her eyes and put a hand on his chest. "Just a moment, big guy." The disappointed look on his face quickly vanished when she reached for his t-shirt and pulled it over his head, tossing it aside. "Skin on skin."
Sean grinned and then laid her down with him settling in beside her so he had full access to her girls. He wasted no time in running his hand all over them while kissing her passionately. Just as she'd expected, this was so much better than him fumbling around under her shirt. The sensations were more intense and she was aroused simply by the thought of him being able to see her exposed.
Then he slid down and took a nipple into his mouth and began to suck. Whoa! She took in a sharp breath, causing Sean to stop and look up in alarm. "No, keep going," she gasped. He did and she gave herself over to the intense feelings. Under his tongue and lips, it seemed her breast became a direct conduit to her pussy. She rubbed her legs together.
Denby ran her hands over Sean's back as he lifted himself above her so as to access both breasts in turn. He was lean but muscular and she loved the feel of his body under her hands. Summer couldn't come soon enough, when she'd be able to see him regularly without his shirt on...or maybe anything else. She grinned at that thought. Not too much longer, she hoped.
They continued like that for a good while. Time had little meaning to Denby under his attention. After a while, he rolled over, pulling her with him so that she ended up straddling him. She knew he was enjoying looking up at her bare chest, so she let him take in the view. Then she leaned forward, feeding each nipple in turn to his eager lips.
Under her crotch, she could feel his erection pressing against her through all the layers of fabric. She began to grind back against him, savoring that pressure against her pussy.
Almost immediately, Sean thrust his hips up into her. She realized they were dry humping, and it felt good. Really good. Only, she soon realized it wasn't going to be good enough to find that release.
"God, I want you so bad," Sean said.
"I want you, too," she said, regretfully. "But you know we have to wait."
Sean thrust against her pussy, as if that might get her to change her mind. It almost did and she ground back into him.
"Nothing but tits, right?" Sean knew the deal Denby had agreed to her with mom, but she couldn't fault him for seeking a loophole.
"Sorry," she said. "Wish I could."
Sean was a good guy and she knew he wouldn't pressure her, no matter how frustrated or disappointed.
"Well, the tits are nice," he said, putting on a good face. "Very nice."
"You can have them as often as we can get away. I like it here."
"Me too. Hopefully the weather will stay nice."
Denby leaned forward and kissed him hard while he reached up and cupped her breasts again. She ground against him a little more until he held her hips in place.
"Easy there, or I might uh..."
"Go off?" She smiled, not knowing how close he had gotten to orgasm. She was pleased with herself for having brought him that far along.
"Yeah." He looked a little embarrassed to be admitting it.
"Well, with clothes on, we're still safe. Want me to keep going?" She didn't mind grinding him to a release. She didn't think she'd be able to reach orgasm similarly, but that didn't mean she wouldn't enjoy it.
"Tempting, but it'd leave one hell of a mess in my underwear. Not sure I want to try to sneak that home or through the laundry."
Denby hadn't considered that. Poor guy. "Sorry."
"And if we keep making out any longer, I'm going to have the worst case of blue balls of all time," he said. "They're already aching."
Denby only vaguely knew what he was talking about. Arousal without release.
"Anything I can do to help?" She knew there probably wasn't.
"Not unless you're willing to get me off, not in my shorts. It's okay." There was clear disappointment in his voice, no matter how hard he worked to hide it.
She said, "Sorry, no genital contact either way. If I could, you know I would."
"I know, sweetie. It's cool. I'll respect the rules."
Denby leaned forward and kissed him with passion, but the heat of their make-out was tapering. Sean was a trooper and kissed her back, rubbing his hands gently across her bare back. She finally rolled off him and cuddled up against him, resting her head on his shoulder. The feeling of this episode ending like a damp squib left a sour taste in her mouth and she grumbled a bit at the promise she'd made her mom.
"Den?"
"Yeah?"
"Can I ask you something?" He sounded hesitant or nervous.
"Of course. Anything." She elbowed herself up so she could more easily look him in the face.
"This is gonna sound weird. I don't want you to take it the wrong way or anything."
Denby cocked her head, unable to guess what he was hinting at. "Anything. Out with it."
"Would you mind if I...you know...finished myself off?" He blushed as he asked the question, barely able to maintain eye contact.
It took Denby a couple moments to figure out just what he meant, and then her eyes went wide and she blushed right alongside him. He wanted to do that? Really? As far as she knew, that was something people always did in private. Most people, anyway. Yeah, they'd admitted to each other that they did it, and even thought about one another when doing it, but he'd never hinted at doing it with her around.
"Like, here? Now?" She knew the words sounded stupid as they came out.
Sean nodded. "Yeah. I don't have to. I mean, if you think it's too weird. I'm not even sure I can. With an audience, you know. It's just...damn...I'm so turned on and I can feel I'm going to be bruised like no tomorrow if I don't get release and soon."
Denby got what he was getting at, even if she didn't really understand the details of what happened to a guy with blue balls. The last thing she wanted was for him to come away from this experience in pain. She wanted to do it again, soon, and the thought of leaving him hurting each time would be a major turn off. And, if she was honest with herself, she was a little curious to see his cock and to know what he did when he was having some alone time.
"Sure, okay," she said. "Whatever you need."
"You positive? You're not going to think I'm some perv or something?"
Denby rolled her eyes and swatted him playfully on the shoulder. "Yes, I'm sure. And no, I won't think that. You asked nice and I know who or what you'll be thinking about." She wiggled one of her breasts at him.
Sean grinned. "I'll admit, getting to look at you in person will be a lot nicer than trying to imagine it."
Denby raised her eyebrows. "Oh, you try to picture me naked when you jerk off?"
"Of course. Don't you?"
"No!"
Sean looked baffled until she finished her thought. "No, silly, I think of you naked. Not me."
Sean shook his head. "Dork."
"You love it."
"Yes, I do love you."
Denby sat completely upright beside where Sean still laid on the blanket. Her knees brushed up against his hip and she played her fingers along his arm. "So, what should I do? Do you need some room?"
"No, you're fine," he said. "Maybe help me out of these?"
Sean unsnapped and unzipped his shorts and raised his hips. Denby licked her lips and felt a flutter of nerves. This would be her first time seeing him naked below the waist, something she hadn't expected to happen today. She reached across and grabbed his waistband with both hands. Rather than pull just his shorts, she snagged his underwear as well and pulled both off together.
As they slipped down, Sean's cock popped into view. Denby had seen plenty of them in porn, so there were no real surprises, yet there was something special about seeing it in person...doubly so because it belonged to her boyfriend. He was certainly hard and looked to be pretty well endowed to her inexperienced eye. The bulbous head looked almost angry - red and straining against the limits of his skin's elasticity. Thick veins encircled the length. His pubes, the same sandy brown as the hair on his head, were very short. Trimmed, she assumed, though he'd never mentioned doing so.
"Wow, not used to the feel of a breeze down there," Sean said. He settled back on the blanket as she set aside his clothes.
Denby resumed kneeling beside Sean, not far from his waist. "Yeah, that's what I thought when the girls were set free."
"At least the sun is below the trees so no chance of getting a burn."
Sean ran his fingers along the length of his shaft, a gesture Denby could see herself doing in the not too distant future. He rubbed his thumb over the tip, smearing around a small bit of shiny liquid. She knew he hadn't climaxed yet, so it must be a bit of pre-cum.
She couldn't help but lick her lips, wondering what it tasted like.
"We still good?" Sean seemed to be relaxing now that he was out in the open.
"Yup," Denby said, eyes locked on the goods. "You need lube or something?"
Sean shook his head. "Nah. Sometimes I use it, but I don't really need it. Little different technique, that's all."
Denby watched in fascination as he wrapped his fingers loosely around the shaft, sliding his hand up and down. His grip was loose enough that the skin didn't go with his fingers.
The pace was languid.
"You're so beautiful," he said. She glanced away from his cock long enough to see he was staring at her chest. Fair enough, she thought happily.
"Thanks, Mr. Hunk." She patted his hard abs, close enough to his cock to be suggestive without actually crossing the line.
Sean settled his head back on the blanket and began to up his pace. Denby noticed that he was holding himself more firmly as the skin on his cock more or less followed his hand. With his other hand, he reached down and cupped his balls, rolling them around slightly. She was less certain how significant that was in his pleasure, but she made a mental note of it for future reference.
"I'm not gonna last long," he said through heavier breathing. "Not after your warm up."
"That's okay," she said, rubbing his shoulder. "I can't wait to see it. Just imagine it's my hand rubbing you. Or maybe I'm using my mouth."
Denby could scarcely believe her own words, but she was feeling surprisingly comfortable with Sean at this moment. Comfortable and sexy. If talking a little dirty meant she was helping participate in the process, so much the better.
Sean's eyes snapped open and met hers. He grinned and then looked back at her chest. "I'd like that."
He upped his pace even further, sliding up and down so fast it was almost difficult to make anything out. His breathing got heavier and heavier until his back arched and he gasped and grunted all at once. His hand froze just as a rope of white cream shot out and splattered across his chest and stomach. A second or two later, another smaller shot came out. He pumped his cock and still more came out, most of this just oozing out over his thumb and into his short pubes.
Denby didn't realize she was holding her breath until she finally found it again as Sean settled his weight back on the blanket. She felt flush, almost as if she had climaxed herself, and she knew her own pussy was likely sopping wet right now. When she got home, she'd have to find time to take care of herself and get some clean panties.
"Thanks," Sean said, his body going limp, including a rapidly softening cock. "I needed that."
"You're most welcome. Not that I had anything to do with it."
Sean shook his head. "You had plenty to do with it, sweetie. And, I gotta tell you, it was so much better doing it with you watching."
"Yeah?"
"Uh huh. Maybe you could try it sometime."
Denby knew he'd probably like that. She just didn't know if she'd ever feel comfortable enough to do that in front of him. For her, that was a very personal, very private thing. Still, seeing how happy he was and knowing how she felt about having watched...
"Maybe someday."
She dug into her backpack for a tissue Sean could use to clean himself up. Reluctantly, she got dressed, knowing she'd have to be getting home soon so as not to be late for dinner. Sean seemed as disappointed as she felt. There was something exciting and liberating to having been exposed out in the fresh air.
"So, was it okay?" Sean looked at her for some more concrete approval.
Denby wrapped her arms around him and kissed him fiercely. "It was very cool. I'm glad you suggested it. Thanks for sharing."
"I'm glad," he said, kissing her back. "You have no idea how nervous I was asking."
Denby shrugged. "Was this something you'd thought about before?"
Sean looked a little chagrined. "Not specifically. Or, not for today, anyway. I guess I've had a couple fantasies about doing that with you watching, though. Maybe just because that's been the extent of my sex life to this point."
Denby kissed him and gave him a playful pat on the crotch, safely outside his shorts. "Two months and we'll have that problem licked."
"Mmmm...licking."
She gave him a playful swat. "Down, boy. Now, take me home."