Carl had long been a customer at the local Thai restaurant, Jade Cafe. It was a small place, sparsely decorated with angular paintings in the respectful undertones of eastern art. Paneled booths lined each wall, and dark teak tables were precisely arrayed in between.
Jade Cafe was a sister restaurant to Jade Palace in a separate neighborhood, and both were great places to eat not just for the food, but also because they were populated with a cast of young, entirely female, native Thai servers who rotated between the two establishments. They seemed to have recently come to the country. Few of them spoke more than a few words of English, except for the maitre de at Jade Cafe, who called herself Vicky, and who years before had followed her brother to college nearby, earned an MA in textile art, and who spoke English quite well.
These girls had taken for themselves transliterated English-sounding names that they imagined matched their personalities, like Rainy, Meow, and Peapod. Because Carl was such a long-time and frequent customer, they all knew him by name and he knew most of theirs. He had developed a loyal attraction to Vicky, with her shiny coiffed black hair, round nose, almond-shaped stark black eyes, and brown skin. She showed little resistance to his attentions, and to his amazement, months ago they started an intimate relationship.
Because he frequently dined at the Jade cafe, he was often invited to stay at the restaurant after closing to eat with the girls. He loved this because it made him feel accepted among this transplanted community. They would relax, and some would change out of the fitted blue-black uniform they wore as servers. He never knew what they would be having because they prepared food for the whole group, and it was never food from the menu. He had no idea what most of it was. But he was often seated with them when large bowls of spicy home-style preparations were shared between tables.
One night an hour after closing, with cleanup duties done, five or six of the girls gathered to eat, all chatting in melodious Thai, which Carl knew none of. He saw that the first dish they were bringing out were plates with sausages on them, one for each. As a girl placed a plate in front of him, she said something quickly in Thai, obviously not intended for Carl, which promptly lead to a lull in the conversation. All of the girls who heard it smiled wildly, and Vicky translated off-handedly for Carl, "She said, is yours that big."
Carl heard her, and he knew the girls had heard her, and everybody knew that Vicky was translating for Carl. Their eyes fell on him with obvious interest in his reaction, but following Thai custom, they were overly polite and appeared to let it drop. Carl, however, began to flush with heat, and was swiftly brought to a keen level of awareness of the girls and of him at least fleetingly being the center of sexually suggestive attention.
Because of their intimate relationship, Vicky knew a few important things about Carl, not least of which was she knew first hand what a magnificent penis he had. One to be proud of, and which would clearly outshine the Thai sausage. And she knew that, as foreigners who had had little in the way of sexual relations with men in any form, but certainly had never seen the penis of someone of the host country, her fellow female servers would be roundly interested in the opportunity to see one, particularly one being obediently played with by its owner.
Vicky knew from experience that Carl liked to show it off. She had found that, at least for her enjoyment, he could be turned into a dutiful exhibitionist at the merest suggestion. This had led her to discover the absolute sincerity of his sexual obedience to her, and had taught her that he would take instruction in performing any sexually demeaning act that pleased her. She was the queen in their private relationship, but of late, and just because she could, she had decided to require him to demonstrate his innately worshipful side under more openly embarrassing circumstances.
One look from her, she thought slyly, could change the atmosphere of the dinner setting for everyone, and possibly forever. How easy it would be for her to create a new kind of relationship between the staff and Carl. By having him follow her instructions, she could show off the power balance in their relationship, and perhaps induce a little envy in that she was the recipient of devotion from one with such a grand penis. She realized satisfyingly that she wanted to do this, test if Carl would even take instruction in front of all the girls.
She gave him a very mischievous look, her eyes widening and beaming, setting off in Carl a fresh sense of giddy alarm. "Why don't we compare?" she asked, and tried to pull his chair out from the table. She was looking at him sternly with her great black eyes but across her face was a shrewdly approving smile so evident in meaning to him. He was sitting in his chair, however, and he needed to help if this was going to happen. She went around to the far side of his chair, so as not to be in the center of things. That was when a few of the Thai girls began to take notice.
"Pull out your chair," said Vicky in a voice he recognized as intentionally imperious and demanding. She was standing over him and looking down at his still bewildered eyes and then overtly to his lap.
Carl realized that if he moved now, if he did in fact follow through on this simple request to slide his chair out from the table, then it was all over. He instinctively knew that that act and everything that followed would prove to be an indoctrination for the staff. It would establish at minimum for all the view of Carl as a dutiful Carl, even if things went no further.
Sitting in the chair before all the girls, he felt hopeless and small, and a swelling tide of conflict began opening inside him as he contemplated his situation. This tide was thronging with anguish mixed with the chaotic flooding of testosterone. It was a thrilling and subsuming well, and he knew that if he fell into it he would be addicted to its hold no matter how fantastical his actions would be to the girls.
He looked at Vicky with appeal in his eyes. Was he going to be made to do this?. He sought advice through his guise, all the while understanding completely that whatever was about to happen would happen by her choice alone. She looked at him with unrelenting control, compelling the swell of emotion more than anything within him. The more he looked at her, the more fixated on this emotion he became, and the more he yielded. He rose slightly, slid his chair about 12 inches away from the table, and sat back on it. Vicky looked around the room and shared a barely controlled gloating. By now, everyone's focus had shifted to Carl. She said something in Thai, and every girl put a hand to her mouth. Then to a person, each smiled broadly, glee visible in their eyes. Peapod stood up and stepped closer to Carl's table.
"I said you want to show them your erection," she said with some emphasis. "Compare it to sausage."
Carl began looking around to the well-known faces, Peapod, Meow and Rainy, and between them now he could sense a completely new relationship of shared embarrassment. All of them could speak without him understanding, and they did. He could see that they now understood what was happening, and that as a group they reveled in being able to disguise in their native tongue their ownership of what was happening.
They had become animated, eager, and in fact seemed slightly embarrassed at being able to enjoy this in a way he could not interpret. His embarrassment, so different, was of shame. Deep shame, because by now he had revealed to everyone that he would take instructions from Vicky. She could translate everything right in front of him and he would have no idea what she said. He knew that they knew that if this continued, he would be on display at Vicky's whim. Even, conspiratorially, at their's.
There was another girl there who must have only worked at the Jade Palace because he did not know her. She was a stranger to him and he could barely look at her. Like most of the workers, she was short, slender, feminine in curvature, with straight black hair and olive skin, and seemed to be following the actions of the other girls.
"You do want to show it to us, don't you?" asked Vicky ruthlessly.
Carl looked at her, his head began nodding in a thoughtless and uncontrolled sway like a pendulum.
"Good. I thought so."
She then said something in Thai again. A conversation started up, brisk, back and forth. Carl heard Vicky use English words occasionally. He detected the word 'please,' and then a little later 'thank you.'
"They know these words from work," explained Vicky. "Please and thank you. I said you would ask them if you could show it to them. You would ask them nicely. Let them decide, and thank them as you go."
Carl turned his face down in front of him, flushing red. His mind began reeling. He now knew that he was the puppet of the room, and the subsuming well of obedience that had got him this far took near absolute hold of him.
"You will do that, won't you?" asked Vicky with sweet venom in her voice.
"Yes," replied Carl in subdued tones.
"You want to show them how you make an erection, too, don't you?"
His eyes opened wide with realization. "Yes. I do." he said, then shuddered out a breath.
"Ask the girls if you can pull your pants down." commanded Vicky, locking her eyes on his. "Ask each one you know by name."
Her gaze offered Carl only one thing: complete control. Despite being locked returning her gaze, Carl fidgeted in his chair. He thrilled at what he was about to do. He sat on his hands for a second just to contain his flying emotions, then turned his head to Peapod and said very politely, "Peapod, please can I pull my pants down." His emotional state seemed to him to be dripping openly off of him like sweat right in front of everyone.
Peapod looked at Vicky and they had a brief chat in Thai.
She then smiled almost matronly at Carl and said, "Yes. I let you."
Carl asked Rainy if he could pull his pants down. He placed his palms together in front of him and made a slight prayerful bow to her. She watched him with inanimate authority written over her attentive face. He asked very politely. "Rainy, please let me pull down my pants for you."
He asked each girl he knew by name. Then with all-absorbing shame he looked at the new girl, averted his eyes to the wall behind her and said, "Please, can I pull down my pants. Please." She appeared to be more embarrassed than he was, but managed to return his look and with surprisingly steadfast authority say, "Yes."
"Take your pants to your ankles, Carl," instructed Vicky, "and thank me for letting you do it."
Without any hesitation, while seated in the chair, Carl undid his belt, unbuttoned his pants, lifted his buttocks off the chair, unzipped his pants and pulled them over his thighs and let them fall to the floor around his ankles. He sat back down in the chair. The girls watched this performance with all manner of expression on their faces. Most were smiling and holding back their incredulity with silent laughter. Clearly, most couldn't believe this was happening. A vague expression of satisfaction passed across the face of the new girl.
With his pants gone, it became apparent that his underwear covered a large and still flaccid male organ. The shaft and head of it were pressing against the stretchy material of his underwear. The room fell silent. A few of the girls assembled closer and began a clear scrutiny of his underwear, often also looking at his face. Some expressive and urgent Thai chit-chat filled the space. They were enjoying themselves and apparently already making comparisons with the sausage.
"Wow," said Vicky. "Looks nice. Say thank you to us for letting you do that."
Because Carl had entered a place where her voice and word were the dictates of his world, he immediately looked up at her and said, "Thank you Vicky for letting me take down my pants."
"Do you really mean that?" asked Vicky.
"Yes. Thank you. Please can I go on?"
Vicky said something in Thai and got several repossess that to Carl all sounded alike. Most of the girls looked long and hard at the state of Carl's undress, making it clear to him that they were doing so, their expressions revealing enjoyment at being witness to what was so obviously an ordeal for Carl. Vicky then asked Carl, "Do you want to show us your penis or your hard penis? The girls want to see it hard."
Carl had no reply. He sat in the chair. Humility ran up into the follicles of his scalp. Although he was not hard, he was acutely aware that he was about to show his penis to a room full of 18 year old Thai girls, and he knew that eventually Vicky would make him get himself hard.
"The girls are really enjoying this," said Vicky enticingly. She looked around at the faces of the girls clustered nearby, faces beaming with the joyful interplay of conspiracy, the half naked male seated before them an object of amazement.
"Pull your underpants tight around your dick for us." requested Vicky. "Stretch them tight so we can see it better."
Carl gathered his underwear into a fist in one hand and pulled it taut across his body. The outline of his penis emerged in exquisite detail through the fabric, long and fat, leading to a large head that appeared to strain against the material. Beneath it, his ball sac spread as a fat bulge. The girls examined this scene openly, chatting in Thai. It was apparent that they were entertained, taking a rather happy and keen interest in his predicament, examining his crotch and discussing it animatedly.
He remained soft, but the flood of so much close attention made him give his crotch his own kind of attention. His focus left the room and became all about his near nakedness, about how he was purposefully presenting himself in his underwear, trying hard to make his penis as obvious as possible. He had no will to stop.
His looks in the direction of Meow or Rainy or others who knew him were now returned with real smiles of condescension and encouragement. They knew he was about to show them his penis. He realized that from now on there would be in their minds the knowledge not just of his nakedness, but of the power they had to make him behave this way. He realized that they might stumble on the idea that they could successfully request him to undress on their own.
"Squeeze it for us," said Vicky sweetly but with pointedly false politeness.
Carl looked at her as if to ask if the others understood what she was asking.
"Just do it, now" she said.
Carl gripped the shaft of his dick in his free hand, wrapped his fingers around it, and gave it a slow and tentative squeeze. More than a few eyes opened wider at this.
She spoke again in Thai and there was immediate reaction that Carl took for quick agreement.
"They want to watch you squeeze it until it gets hard," she informed him.
Carl's attention turned almost exclusively to his crotch and the state of his member. As he squeezed, the girls watched and sighed and tittered excitedly. After 20 seconds of gentle squeezing and releasing, there was a heightened sensitivity in his penis which made him suddenly feel unbearably self-conscious. He knew this sensitivity announced extra blood flow, the start of the erection. He was at the point of no return where his penis would grow and rise no matter how much he might try to stop it.
He began to look at Vicky to show his awareness of this. The girls noticed him giving his attention to her. They began to look back and forth between her and the attraction in his underwear. Everyone seemed to understand what was about to happen to Carl.
"Stop squeezing," ordered Vicky.
Carl released his dick. He still held taut the material of his underwear in one hand, and his free hand he now let drop to his side. Hs penis grew steadily in length and girth, at first reaching warmly out across his leg, but soon rising visibly into the material of his underwear, meeting such resistance that the sensation of it both hindered and aided the whole process. The tip of it pressed out its shape in a tent-like knob.
All of the girls were now watching openly and intently. They confabbed in Thai in a way that Carl knew was intended to keep him unaware of their meaning. He divined that they were judging him. The new girl placed one hand over her mouth in acknowledgement of just how sensational this experience was for her. Her eyes shown above her hand, alive with curiosity and awe. Carl had the realization that she would almost certainly go back to Jade Palace with the story of watching him dutifully expose himself to her and the others.
A heat rose in Carl's neck, rising to his face. His hair felt oddly alive on the top of his head. He was now fiercely embarrassed, sitting before the girls with his sexual arousal on display, and the act of showing it to them so obviously driving him. He expected at any moment to be told by Vicky to reveal himself to the room. He was happy to have a large penis, easily enamored of showing it to Vicky in private, but utterly new at being made to exhibit it before an audience of 5 or 6 girls. It had gone nearly to full erection, but the tightness of his underwear prevented this from completing.
Vicky picked up the plate of sausage from the spot in front of Carl, grinning brightly at her fellow workers, and held it beside his lap to indicate that comparisons could be made. While the actual dimensions of Carl's penis could not be determined yet, it was clear that just the thrusting head of his member out-sized the dinner entrée.
The restaurant burst into a hubbub of Thai. They were all grinning at each other and their expressions offered encouragement to Vicky to keep the show moving. Peapod made a measurement-like gesture with both hands to indicate to the group the size of his member.
Carl had some difficulty sitting still due to how uncomfortable the pressure of being erect in his final piece of clothing felt. He squirmed. He gave Vicky a somewhat pleading look.
Vicky grinned wickedly at him. "You look like you are having a problem," she said. "Sit still and squeeze the tip of it for us. Squeeze it like 5 times and then ask me if you can take it out of your underwear."
The tip of his penis was already pressed straight up as much as it could. He found the bulb of it between thumb and forefinger and began squeezing it slowly and tenderly in front of the audience of girls. They looked on, stirred with delight. He counted out five slow squeezes, and by the time he was done his penis was fully erected within his underwear and causing him some distress.
"Vicky? Please?" asked Carl urgently.
"First say thank you to each girl, then pull down your underwear. We expect you to be polite." said Vicky so languidly that Carl understood she was showing the girls how much control her voice could have.
Though he knew it was coming, still Carl could hardly believe what he was instructed to do. He sat still for several moments thinking about it until Vicky said, "Do it now, Carl. The girls are waiting."
Carl first looked at Peapod who was standing beside his chair. He looked up imploringly into her eyes and very simply and sincerely said, "Thank you, Peapod." He could barely keep his shameful gaze locked with hers where he detected a kind but surprisingly admonishing look. She smiled at him from ear to ear as if to say, I know you now, don't I.
He then looked at Rainy who had full happiness written in her face and thanked her, and then the others. With each utterance of the words he lost more of himself, lost his will as if he had never had it, and had only had a sense of duty to obey these women. He realized that, as he thanked each girl, he was granting them control, letting them know that it was their choice to have him do this. He was overcome by the compulsion to show them that he was grateful for the chance to do it for them.
Finally looking at the new girl whose name he did not know, he thanked her profusely, and his emotions swarmed over him, got the better of him, and he made a wrenching display of gratitude to her. Vicky spoke to the new girl, giving her some instruction in what to say in English, and without skipping a beat, she lowered her hand from her face, looked potently at Carl, and with remarkable serenity said, "Show us, Carl."
Carl knew the balance of power in the room had transitioned completely, belonged to the girls, utterly with Vicky, but especially also to this new girl, and he turned his attention to his penis. When it became clear what he was about to do, the room fell completely silent. Control seemed to him to radiate indecently out of the new girl. Carl bowed his head before her and placed both thumbs under the lip of his underwear at the sides. He lifted his buttocks from the chair. He gave a slow sigh. A few of the girls returned their hands to their mouths. He drew down this underwear, lifting it over his penis, peeling it away and turning it down until it was at his knees.
With his penis throbbing intently before him, he was fully aware of being on display, and he looked with overwhelming apprehension for approval from the new girl. He dropped his hands to his side. She took it all in as though this was the expected outcome, that this male would be duty bound to accept her management of his every act.
His long penis pointed directly up at the ceiling. It was bobbing with every heartbeat. The girls all examined it with stunned fascination. It would not stop moving. Its skin glistened from being stretched by swelling. There was a fierce rippling of blood vessels showing across the underside of it, visible to all as it stood upright, obviously rigid and straining powerfully with blood. The rim around the bare head was clearly more purplish-red than the rest from being squeezed. The head itself looked soft and round and fat and appeared divided by the opening at its tip.
The girls were fascinated and scrutinized the naked penis before them. It was so close that they easily absorbed its detail. They shared happy glances of incredulity between themselves. They looked back and forth between his penis and his eyes, and saw raw obligation on display in his face. When Carl finally looked at Vicky, she gave him a long clear look of approval, approving how monumentally he had subjugated himself to her and others in front of all of her fellow servers.
Carl wanted more than anything to be given further instructions.