It was early May and the Carter's pool area became 'nude only' as dictated by Charlene and Tammy, so after the group finished the modeling session they all stripped off. Being the first time nude in front of the ladies at the pool the men had a hard problem and the ladies started harassing them.
"Tammy, look at the guys. I think they love us don't you?" Charlene said as she pointed to the men's erections.
This caused the men to become embarrassed and Tom said. "We are trying to be polite, but our organs have a mind of their own."
The men jumped into the water laughing, but also to get control of their emotions and their peckers.
While in the pool a discussion was started:
"Tammy you're going to be living here the rest of the year. I think it would be better if you slept in your room and not in Jamie's room. We know you like each other, but if your mother asked me any questions I want to tell her the truth, seeing as she is so conservative the subject of where you're sleeping may arise. I don't want to alienate your parents, as we had a great time with them last visit."
"I agree with Mom, Jamie do you understand us?" His father said knowing how the little head takes over for the big head, when a guy gets a hardon.
"Yes, we can live with the rules you're imposing, isn't that right Tammy?" Jamie said with both hands behind his back crossing his fingers.
"Yes, Mom you have been very kind to invite me to stay here, so I can live with any rules you want me to follow." The young redhead stated.
The men exited the pool a while later their little head in a relaxed state and they laid out in the sun until supper time. The woman went into the house to prepare the meal and the men cooked hamburgers on the barbecue grill. The group didn't bother to dress for the evening meal; they ate in the kitchen still nude. All relaxed in the family room watching TV until about eleven PM. The four individuals marveled at the ease in which they transformed into clothing optional mode in a few hours. All are comfortable in their nudity.
"We have to get up early for class tomorrow, so we are going to retire for the night." Jamie said grabbing Tammy's hand leading her to her room, while Jamie went to his room.
"I think it's Time for us to go to bed, also." Tom said and the older couple went to their room.
Charlene checked to make sure the young couple were in their assigned rooms, even though the older couple knows Jamie and Tammy have become intimate. The older couple didn't want to have any problems with the Philips finding out their daughter was sleeping in the same room with their son.
The young couple is keeping their sexual activities private, as Tammy still has her conservative upbringing to contend with, so she didn't want the whole college to know about her sexual activity with Jamie.
------
Monday morning Jamie and Tammy went to their classes. Mid - afternoon during a break in his classes, Jamie brought the photos; he copied to a flash drive of his mother and Tammy posing, to the professor.
"Here are photos I have taken over the weekend of two models." Jamie said not mentioning the models names.
"That's great Jamie I'll look at them and let you know what I think of your effort." The professor said, knowing he will not give Jamie the mark he needs to keep his scholarship, because the professor needs a model for the erotic classes to keep the course on the college curriculum. "Jamie, is your mother still interested in modeling?" The professor inquired.
"You'll have to call her to find out?" Jamie said not wanting to make that decision for his mother.
"How about Miss Philips would she be willing to model?" The professor asked.
"How would I know Professor, you will have to ask her also?" Jamie said.
"Okay, I will call your mother, to tell her when I will need her to model." The professor said as he turned to walk to his office.
------
Charlene just walked in the door after spending most of the day at the public employment office to apply for available jobs, when she heard the phone ringing.
She went to the phone saying. "Hello." Thinking it was a robo call, she didn't want to say anything more.
"I would like to speak to Mrs. Carter; this is Professor Beatty."
"Hi Professor, you're speaking to Charlene." She said in a quivering voice, knowing why the professor is calling her.
"Hi Mrs. Carter, I am going to need a model next week starting Monday, for the erotic photo sessions. It will be six one hour classes a day with fifteen minutes between classes and a half hour break for lunch. This will be for a week. The rate is eight hundred dollars a day and it says on your application. You will model only if your husband attends your sessions. I have his schedule, it states, with a weeks' notice he can be present for your modeling assignments." The Professor stated.
"Did you look at the photos Jamie turned in for you to critique today?" Charlene asked hoping they will be good enough, so she wouldn't have to model, doing a quick calculation in her head, thirty classes with twenty people in each that would be six hundred people that would be seeing her intimate lady bits.
"Yes I did Mrs. Carter, I am afraid they're not good enough for me to give him the mark he needs to keep his scholarship" The professor lied, as he still had the flash drive in his pocket. He never looked at the photos. The professor continued to reinforce the need for her to model by saying. "He will get an 'A' in the course with your help and with your help it will guarantee the erotic photography class will continue as a college course, Mrs. Carter"
"Well in that case I will model. I would like you to call me Charlene or Char as you're going to see as much of me as my husband has and more than my friends have." Charlene said smiling as a way to ease the tension she is feeling.
"Make sure you tell your husband you're modeling, so he can take the time off to be with you." The professor said, continuing. "I will see you Monday morning at eight AM, Good day" The professor hung up the phone before Charlene had a chance to say anything else.
------
Charlene was a bundle of nerves when Jamie and Tammy arrived home. "The professor called today I have to model for a week, thirty classes. The whole city will be seeing me nude Jamie. I am so scared and nervous; I hope it won't cause me problems finding a job because of modeling nude for the classes." The older woman said almost in tears.
Feeling sorry for his mother's predicament caused by him, he said. "I thought the photos I did of you and Tammy are excellent. Did the professor say he looked at them?"
"He said he did?" The upset mother answered.
Tammy knowing the course is in jeopardy of being canceled said in anger. "Jamie you gave the professor the zip drive on your break right?"
"Yes I did Tammy."
"Mom when did you get the call from the professor?" Tammy asked Charlene.
"Just as I came in the door at about three thirty the phone was ringing."
"Jamie, you gave him the zip drive just before the professor called your mother. There is no way he had time to look over your work. He needs a model for the course or they will shut it down next year. We should go see him and protest this." Tammy said very angry with the Professor.
Jamie didn't want to discuss this with her as he knew it wouldn't go well, until she calmed down.
"I have to go back to class I will be home about seven." Jamie said relieved he had a way out of the discussion.
------
Tammy and Charlene started the evening meal. Tammy was fuming and Charlene was very nervous.
Tom had a great day at work, but when he walked in the door he could see the two women were not very happy. Bracing himself for a confrontation he said cautiously with some comic relief. "Is it something I said?"
That is when the dam broke starting with Tammy. "That son of a Bitch didn't even look at the photos. He needs mom to model to avert the cancellation of the erotic photography program." She cursed taking out her anger on the lettuce she was chopping for supper.
"What are you talking about Tammy?" Tom said surprised to hear the language coming out of the young ladies mouth, as she usually talks very politely to everyone, she sounds like a truck driver presently.
"The professor wants me to model all next week thirty classes of erotic modeling for eight hundred dollars a day. You will have to take the week off or I will not model. Tammy thinks he never looked at the photos Jamie took this weekend, but he told me they were not good enough. She wants us to lodge a protest." The stressed older woman spilled everything out, her comments were like a waterfalls.
"Charlene you remember when we were in college, you can't call out a professor even if you're right. It will reflect badly on your marks. I think you need to model for the classes as you agreed to. You don't want Jamie to lose his scholarship do you? It will destroy us financially as you're unemployed presently and the four thousand dollars you will make would give us money for a nice vacation and Jamie will not have to worry about losing his scholarship." Tom said, presenting arguments to his wife as to the merits of her modeling and also he wants to see his wife exposed to groups of students.
"It's not right Dad, the professor should be called out in this particular instance." Tammy said her face red with anger.
"Tammy unfortunately Tom is right. We will only cause our son to lose his scholarship, even if we win the argument." Charlene said resigned to the fact she will have no modesty left after she models for the class, but she is determined to have fun with the modeling assignment like she told Deloris to do to relieve the tension she will feel exposing her femininity. She will have to embrace her exposure and have fun modeling.
-------
Tuesday Tom went into work told the owner he had to take care of some personal business the following week and would not be in, but could be reached by phone. His boss had no problem with Tom taking time off as he is a self-starter and conscientious worker over the years he has worked for the graphics firm.
-------
Charlene was busy getting her hair done; she was working through her reluctance to expose herself nude and in explicit poses to the students.
When she arrived home from the beauticians she said. "I need to shave down there to make my kitty presentable for my debut. Would you want to help me?" The mature woman asked Tammy.
Tammy stated. "It would be my honor to help with your grooming Mom?"
"Thanks Tammy you're the daughter I never had. If I ask Tom I know where that will lead and he doesn't do a very good job of grooming me either."
Both women laughed at Charlene's comment.
Tammy had Charlene kneel on her bed after Charlene stripped, they put a towel down. The younger woman put shaving cream on the older woman's bottom to remove any hair around her rectum and vaginal area from the back. Tammy put her fingers in the older woman's vaginal opening holding her labia to shave her lady lips, marveling at the older woman's scent and arousal. Charlene turned over, sat down, and leaned back, spreading her legs to give Tammy access to her pubic area to touch up the heart cut into her pubic hair.
Both women spent most of their time at home nude, and this was the case when the younger woman groomed Charlene. The reason for the nudity was so Charlene could become as comfortable as possible being exposed in public, to the enjoyment of both men all week.
Saturday and Sunday the women spent by the pool, nude and relaxing. The men had their usual weekend yard work to do. There was no sexual play as the participants were all stressed, as to what Charlene will have to go through the following week. Jamie's mark in visual arts depended on his mother following the Professors directions. Steve hoping Charlene will not quit after the first modeling session, kept praising his wife for consenting to model. Tammy feels sorry for the older woman that has become her segregate mother, having to lose her modesty to public nudity to make sure her son gets a passing grade on his visual arts course. In the back of her mind Tammy knows the professor is using Jamie's loss of scholarship as a way to coerce Charlene into modeling for the class.
-------
Monday morning was a beautiful warm sunny day. Charlene and Tom awoke, they took a shower together, Tom wanted to play hide the salami, but his wife being very stressed thawed his attempts to become intimate. The older woman remembering what the professor directed her to do, she put on a dress that buttoned down the front with no undergarments and she was ready to leave with her husband at six thirty. Charlene felt naked only having the dress on. They went to breakfast at Friendlies. At seven thirty they were at the visual arts center. They went to the professor's office as he was walking in.
"I like people that are prompt, Charlene." The professor said with a shrewd smile that sent chills down the spine of the mature woman.
"Please follow me and I will show you to your dressing room, it is private, you can leave everything in here and I will give your husband a key to the room for the week." The professor said as he led the couple to the room, handing the key to Steve. "Charlene take everything off, you are allowed to be nude in this entire building and the parking lot, so I don't want you to worry about anyone telling you that you need a robe okay." Letting the mature woman know that he expected her to be nude for the week to show the administration there are women who will model for the class.
"Yes professor I remember from the time I modeled here last you told me the same thing." The older woman said waiting for the professor to leave before she removed her dress.
"I need to see you nude before I leave." The professor said to establish his authority with a gleam in his eye knowing he will be seeing this woman nude all week.
Charlene stripped off her dress embarrassed to have to do this in front of the lascivious eye of the professor. She was beginning to hate him and her husband because he had the same expression on his face.
"Tom, you have better have a talk with your wife, I don't want my models with the attitude she is portraying presently. The students will sense she is doing this under protest and their photos will reflect that. The administration is watching this course closely and giving me flak, because of the 'Me Too' movement. The women's rights groups want to discontinue the program saying it is exploiting women. Charlene you may be contacted by the administration, please give them a favorable report about your experience modeling. Remember your son's mark depends on it." The professor said with a stern look at the older woman to drive home the importance of his last remark. The professor handed the couple a schedule with the room number, and professor's names for the week.
-------
Meanwhile back to the younger couple at the Carter home:
Tammy and Jamie awoke late, took a shower together, dressed and left for classes at eight They went to the Visual Arts building to see how Jamie's mother was doing, before they went to class. They found the older couple in the concourse walking to the first class Charlene was to model for, his mother was nude. Jamie could see by her body language, and facial expression she was in distress, as she was almost in tears with her arms covering her body, trying to keep her modesty.
"Mom, why don't you have a robe?" Tammy said.
"The professor said I have to be nude to get paid, don't you remember when you were modeling you had to remain nude also." Charlene said.
"She needs to get used to being nude Tammy, so I think this is the best way. Charlene you will get used to being nude in public by the end of the first class, I bet." Tom said wanting his wife to be nude as long as possible.
"I think Dad is right Mom. You will become used to being nude very shortly and we will have to remind you to dress, you mark my words." Jamie said with a 'thumbs up' to his nude mother before they had to leave for their classes.
The couple was walking to the first class Charlene will be modeling for when a few of Jamie's friends saw her.
"Hi Mr. Carter, Mrs. Carter are you going to be posing for our erotic modeling class?" One of Jamie's friends asked.
"No I just came here because I can walk around this building with no clothes on. What do you think I'm doing here? I'm going to be your model, please call me Charlene, boys," She gave them an embarrassed smile resigning herself to the fact that most of her son's friends will see her nude before her modeling gig is done.
"Mrs... I mean Charlene we're glad you're modeling for the class as it is in jeopardy of being canceled if the professor can't find models for the class. Thank you for your courage to show your intimate being to us." Jamie's friends said with heart felt admiration in their voice.
The older couple went to studio 2A to meet professor Madson who will be the instructor for the first class Charlene will be modeling for. Charlene was told by the professor 2A will be used for all her modeling sessions. The professors and the students will all use this classroom for the erotic modeling course.
"I am the model for your class today, my name is Charlene, this is my husband Tom, and he will be viewing my photo session." The nude woman said to the professor.
"Nice to meet you Charlene and Tom my name is Ned" The professor said while shaking both the older couple's hands. "We will start off with standing poses; I will be manually putting you in the poses I want you in. Tom you can stay and watch the modeling session, if you have a camera you can take photos as long as they are with available light, but if you interfere with the poses I will have to ask you to leave. Charlene you will be put in very exposed poses and I will direct the students to help you with the poses. The poses will require the students to touch you in intimate places at times. Both of you have been told this I hope by Professor Beatty?"
The older couple said. "Yes we understand."
Charlene was escorted up onto the posing platform and her husband found a seat in the back of the room disappointed he didn't borrow one of his son's cameras. The students started to enter the room. There are twenty students, mostly men with three women. The men ranged in age from eighteen to about forty. The women are all in their twenties.
The mature woman was more embarrassed to see the women in the room than the men. She was concerned, what the women will think of her body and women touching her intimately during the modeling session. Charlene was becoming sexually aroused by the coming modeling session knowing she will be spread for the camera lenses at some time during this class.
"The way we are going to proceed with this class is I am going to give instructions to the model and students." Ned said.
"Is everyone ready to start?" Ned asked.
He received a resounding, "YES!", from the group of students. Charlene didn't respond she just looked embarrassed.
"Okay then, Charlene stand, facing the photographers and move around slowly. Everyone taking photos walk around and shoot the model from different perspectives, start now you have five minutes. "
Charlene was looking straight ahead to begin with and started turning and moving. It was causing her to become sexually stimulated looking at all the people who are photographing her and the flashes from the strobe units. By the time the first five minutes of posing ended, she could feel her labia opening and feeling the wetness escaping her intimate opening.
"I need a break." Charlene said urgently knowing she will have her excitement dripping on the floor and running down her legs, if she doesn't go to the ladies room. She left the room with her husband trailing behind her. She found a private restroom and her husband went in with her locking the door behind him.
Her husband thinking she is feeling sick the way she ran down the hall to the restroom, he asked. "What's the matter Charlene you feeling sick?"
"No Tom I am so horny that my womanhood is dripping my arousal. I was afraid I was going to orgasm in front of the class." The mature woman said embarrassed and highly aroused.
Walking closer to her he could smell the scent of her arousal causing him to get an erection. "You need some relief for your arousal?" He asked ready to help a woman in distress.
Being so horny she wasn't using her better judgement when she said. "I need it now Thomas." As she stood at the sink, her back to her husband, legs spread and bent over to give her husband access to her pussy.
Being so horny watching his wife modeling, he dropped his pants and shoved his cock into her pussy. She was so wet it was turning on Tom immensely to have his woman this excited. They went at it with a vengeance and urgency that they hadn't had in many years. He is thrusting in her pussy and she meeting his every stroke. In only a matter of minutes they came together. It was easy for Charlene to become presentable she just had to clean up the act, Tom had to get dressed. By the time they put themselves together the room smelled like a whorehouse.
Charlene came out of the restroom with a smile on her face and head held high she was nude, and it was becoming easier for her to make eye contact with the people she passed. She decided that she will have to go through this, so she might as well enjoy the exposure. The sexual release is just what she needed to make this bad situation bearable. The couple walked into the room just as the group was ready for Charlene to model again. While they were gone the group looked at some of the photos taken.
"Charlene, we looked at a few of the photos taken of you. They came out reasonably well for just starting. Now we are going to be doing some sitting poses. Sit on the sofa facing us Charlene." Ned said.
Charlene sat on the sofa with her knees together hands on her knees.
"Very good, okay start taking photos of the model."
"Walk around the model, that's right."
"Charlene, bring your arms up and reach in back of the sofa, good, hold that pose."
The group just stood there admiring the nude older woman. They were rooted in place looking at her beauty.
"Come on we don't have all day start taking photos everyone take turns getting close ups." Ned Said.
Charlene knows it is just a matter of time before she will be spread out showing everything.
The photographers are taking turns photographing Charlene.
"Spread your legs a little Charlene. Alice spread Charlene's legs, adjust her labia a little." Ned said to one of the female students.
Both women were embarrassed as Charlene spread her legs and Alice used her fingers inserting them in the older woman's flower of life to adjust her lady lips. To the Contrary Tom was in hog heaven to see another woman touch his wife intimately in front of the group.
"Good hold that pose. Okay, take turns taking photos of the model." Ned said.
After about fifteen minutes of modeling the professor called a break of five minutes. Charlene and Tom went into the hall and found a beverage machine to get something to drink. They went back to the studio and sat in the class waiting for the class to begin again.
When the five minutes was up Ned called the class to order. "Everyone, Charlene will be doing the kneeling poses at this time. Charlene, come up here and kneel on the sofa. That's right legs spread, spread more, and now look over your shoulder and smile.
All the photographers are focused on her recently fucked pussy, it was bright red and engorged, the lips of her pussy were open and there was the remanence of their passion visible at her labia entrance.
Tom could see his wife's open labia from where he is standing. She looks so beautiful kneeing with her pussy open to the photographers lenses. This is a dream come true for him to see his wife this exposed to the group. Wanting to keep track of how many people will see his wife nude he made a graph in the note book he carried. The first posing session twenty students, seventeen men ages eighteen to forty The women are all in twenties, three men positioned the model touching her intimately and one woman positioned the model touching her intimately.
The hour went by fast for Charlene and Tom. She was becoming used to her exposure and the morning sped by. The other one hour classes went the way the first class went with Charlene ending up in erotic poses before the class ended. The older couple was in the canteen for the lunch break when Jamie and Tammy met them.
"How did the morning go Mom?" Tammy asked.
"Actually I'm enjoying myself, after I overcame the initial embarrassment of being nude in front of so many clothed people. The worst part was having the women touch me intimately. I became very embarrassed that I was so aroused. I liked the men touching me better. Some were very rough; others touched my labia with a reverence. When a woman is nude she is in control of the whole room I realized after the first modeling session." Charlene told her husband, Tammy and Jamie.
"See mom I told you you're going to have fun modeling." Jamie said.
A woman walked over to the group. "Hi, my name is Wendy Holt I'm with the administration and would like to get your viewpoint of the erotic photography course being that you're a model for them. What is your feeling on the course do your feel exploited in any way?"
"Actually I'm enjoying the modeling sessions. Once you overcome your modesty issues it is fun to be nude and modeling uninhibitedly for the camera. When you're nude, you're in control of the room full of photographers. You should try it sometime Wendy. You have to experience it for yourself to understand what I am talking about." Charlene said smiling at the young woman.
"I don't think I could do as you're doing as you have a better body than I do." Wendy said with a blush on her face.
"Thank you Wendy, but that was my thinking also, my husband, son and Tammy made me see the light that I am a mature woman and beautiful."
"Your son has seen you nude?" Wendy said astonished.
"Yes Wendy I have seen my mother nude. I'm Jamie her son."
"What do you think about your mother modeling nude." Wendy said.
"I think it's great, she is enjoying herself and she is a beautiful woman." Jamie said.
Seeing Wendy talking with Charlene professor Beatty walked over to the group saying. "Hi Wendy, did you interview Charlene?" The professor said looking at Charlene.
"Yes I did, she says she is having a great time modeling and I should try it. I was surprised that her son is standing here with his nude mother though." Wendy stated.
"Well, I could put you in as a model for the classic poses if you like Wendy. This way you will have first-hand experience modeling to know what it is like." The professor said as a challenge to the young woman.
"I think you should try modeling Ms. Holt to gain firsthand knowledge of it. I modeled classic poses for the class a few times. It was fun to be naked and not get arrested." Tammy giggled causing the group to smile.
"I will think about it." Wendy said trying to get away from the group before she gets talked into a modeling session by them.
"Charlene I can see you're more comfortable nude now than you were first thing this morning." The professor said as he looked over the mature nude woman noticing she is in the beginning stages of arousal and she is emitting sweet smelling pheromones attracting the men's attention as they walk close to her in the public concourse.
"Charlene you did a great job in the class this morning I wish I had the courage to model like you do? Tammy how have you been I haven't see you since the beginning of the year." Alice said she was one of the women photographers in the morning classes to adjust Charlene's labia.
"Alice you can go to the women's room and remove your clothes and walk around the Visual Arts building nude it is legal; take it from me it is fun." Charlene said trying to get the young woman to strip and walk around with her.
"No, I will take a rain check on that Charlene. I don't have a body like yours. The people will laugh at me." The younger woman said.
The group went to the canteen for lunch it was free for Charlene. Many of the students in the class she modeled for came over and thanked her for consenting to model. I think there was an ulterior motive, they wanted to spend more time viewing a mature naked woman, getting kick out of conversing with a nuked woman. Some knowing she is the mother of one of their friends is a turn on for them also.
Lunch was done and the mature couple went to the next class.
Charlene was walking around the building as if she was fully clothed. Many of the students stopped to talk to the older woman she could see the admiration in their eyes as they conversed with her. Many of Jamie's friends made it a point of stopping to talk with him to tell him how lucky he is to have a mother willing to model nude and be able to photograph her any time he wants to.
The afternoon went about the same way as the morning, different students same poses. Until the fifth posing session, when Charlene walked into the room there were two students who have been to Jamie's house going to school with him from first grade to high school. They have admired Charlene's mature beauty through the years. They feel privileged to have a chance to take photos of the lovely woman in all her naked glory. Charlene is becoming very aroused modeling and when she was told to kneel on the posing couch and spread her legs she looked over her shoulder to see the young men pitching a tent in their pants. She could feel her pussy dripping.
During the fifteen minute break between the fifth and sixth period class Charlene was so horny knowing what she showed the young men that have been to her house, she grabbed her husband's arm saying. "I need a restroom break." Going into the private restroom, she locked the door and bending over at the waist in front of the vanity saying. "Tom I need to be serviced again."
Tom looking at his wife's engorged labia and her sweet scent of arousal he dropped his drawers and Charlene reached back and guided his pecker into her honeypot. He thrust forward and seating his erection in her pussy as far as he can. She pushed back to see if she could get a little more in her. They coordinated their thrusting that became frantic. Charlene screamed out her orgasm. She made so much noise that they heard through the door.
"Are you alright in there mam or should I call security?" A male voice said on the other side of the door.
"No everything is great in here." Charlene said giggling.
"Okay, have fun." The voice said.
For the second time today Charlene cleaned up the act and Tom dressed. They arrived at the last class just as it was ready to begin. During her erotic poses it was obvious to all there witnessing her exposure that she had intercourse, as the product of the couple's lust was escaping her pussy during the modeling session.
With the last class finished Charlene went to the dressing room with her husband and had him pick up her clothes. "I think I am going home nude if it's okay with you?" Charlene said with a smile knowing what the answer will be.
"Most definitely I would love it if you ride home nude." Tom said.
The door opened after a knock and professor Beatty entered. "Charlene you did a great job today modeling, all the professors love you. You're a natural. Same time tomorrow, here is your payment for today, Charlene thank you, for consenting to model for the course." The professor said as he handed her a bank envelope. The professor smiled as he watched the mature woman still nude walk through the concourse and out the door.
The mature couple were walking to the car. Tammy and Jamie met them in the parking lot.
"Mom, can I get a ride home from you, Jamie has to do some work in the library and has a late class today?" Tammy asked.
"Sure, you can ride with us." Charlene said.
They entered the car, Tom opening the doors for the two women and then entered the driver's side.
"Don't you want to put on some clothes mom?" Tammy asked.
"No, I'm good I want to go swimming and will just have to take off my clothes when I get home anyway." Charlene said as a reason to stay nude. The real reason is she was enjoying being nude.
"How was the modeling today Mom?" Tammy asked wanting to know the older woman's feelings on her exposure.
"Actually Tammy I really enjoyed myself and made more money for modeling one day than I did for a week as a secretary." Charlene said.
"I think I should become your agent and quit my job." Tom said joking with his wife.
"Don't you dare even think about quitting your job Thomas Carter?" Charlene scolded her husband, with a smile on her face.
"Mom seeing you today modeling and how comfortable you are nude do you think I should model for the classes also?" Tammy asked blushing at the thought of exposing herself again to the lenses of the camera; she got out of being required to model to keep her scholarship, because she moved out of the dorm.
"That is up to you Tammy, but I would consult your mother first to see what she thinks. Before you had to model to keep your scholarship now it is your choice." Charlene said as she doesn't want any conflicts with Tammy's parents.
"Mom, I guess you're right when I talk to my mother next I will run it by her to see what she says."
Arriving home, Tom put the car in the garage, Charlene exited the vehicle nude and Tammy entered the kitchen and stripped. Tom started supper and the two women went for a swim. After the supper was in the oven Tom stripped off and went swimming also with the ladies. He was a gentleman today in the pool as his pecker was well used and didn't raise its ugly head, but stayed at ease.
Tammy noticing Tom's relaxed state said. "Dad, you don't like mom anymore." Pointing to his organ she continued. "Mom did you two play around during class today?" The younger woman hearing a rumor that someone was having sex in the private restroom in the Visual Arts building about the time that the erotic poses classes have breaks.
"Of course not Tammy what gave you that idea?" Charlene said turning red, thus giving herself away.
"Don't lie to me mom, look at your lady bits they are red and engorged and very moist." Tammy said before Charlene had a chance to cover her womanhood with her hand.
"Yes, Tammy I was horny and had to be serviced and Tom being a kind gentleman took care of it at great expense to himself." Charlene said laughing.
"I love living here mom, you guys are cool, it's not wrong to have sex it's fun, am I right?" Tammy said as it was the first time the young woman could talk to someone about sex. She could never bring the subject up with her mother. She was just given books to read on the subject that didn't give her answers to the questions she had.
"Yes Tammy it is fun, but you have to respect each other and their points of view on many issues other than sexual ones. You should make sure you're compatible with your partner before you become intimate, because a relationship is more than just sex." Charlene explained to the young woman.
Jamie came home, seeing everyone was nude he stripped not wanting to be the odd man out, and the extended family had dinner.
"We will clean up Mom you and dad can relax." Tammy volunteered her and Jamie for K.P. duty.
"The professor asked me if you wanted to pose any more for the figure study classes when I gave him the zip drive of the photos last week." Jamie said remembering the conversation with the professor.
"Jamie you tell me this a week later, you getting dementia or something." Tammy asked.
"No, I told him to call you. I didn't want to get in the middle of that conversation, because I thought you didn't want to model anymore."
"Well after seeing the fun mom was having modeling today I think I would like to try it at least once. The money is good also. If I model a few days we will have some money for a summer vacation." Tammy said finishing cleaning the after dinner dishes she continued. "Jamie I need help with my homework."
The couple walked up to Tammy's room. She shut the door and began to remove her clothes. "I need to have you groom my kitty Jamie." Tammy said as she ran her fingers through her pussy hair. "It looks like a scruffy kitty and I want to model for the classes a few times more I have decided. That is as long as you're okay with me posing for the class?" Tammy asked as she walked to the bath vanity to get her shaving gear for Jamie.
Jamie retrieved a towel from the linen closet and laid it on the bed for Tammy to get on. Thinking about his girlfriend modeling he said. "I think it is a good idea if you comfortable being nude in front of the students."
Tammy came back with a pan of warm water along with the shaving equipment. Sat on the towel, spread her legs so Jamie could get busy grooming her pussy. "I would really like to model now that they will pay me and it isn't part of my tuition to model."
The young man took great care trimming the red pubic hair into a heart. Tammy then laid back and spread her legs as wide as she could for Jamie to shave her lady lips putting his finger in her pussy and stretching the slippery lips so he can run the shaver over them without injuring the precious organ. By the time he was done grooming Tammy he didn't have enough skin to close his eyes his erection was stretching his skin so tight.
"Lay down on my bed Jamie and I will take care of your problem. You look uncomfortable with your organ pointing at me and bumping into everything." Tammy said as she climbed onto the bed and spread her legs crawling over Jamie to sit on his organ, I need to be hosed down to put out the fire in my loins.
Jamie feeling her labia she was very wet, he slid up aiming her pussy, she reached down and inserting him into her honey pot. She slid onto him as he played with her breasts. He was thrusting and she was matching him. They didn't last long as they have been celibate for a few days. Finishing their sex play, Tammy rolled off her boyfriend luxuriating in her after orgasm bliss. He contented himself by playing with the lovely young lady's breasts.
-------
Before Tom retired for the night he took out is pad and calculated how many people has seen his wife nude today just in the class not including when she was walking around in the public areas nude.
The total score for the day is Men eighteen to fifty; one hundred and nineteen, men intimately touching posing the model; twenty, women all in their twenties; eighteen, women touching model intimately posing her; six. Two students have been at the Carter house they are Jamie's friends. "Not bad for the first day." Tom thought.
-------
Tuesday Charlene took a shower with Tom, letting him service her in the tub, to take the edge off their excitement. Charlene put on a warm up suit without undergarments because it was cold. The couple went to a corner breakfast diner and then to the college, getting there at five minutes to eight. The door was open and Charlene went to the dressing room while Tom talked with the professor.
The two men were still talking when Charlene came out in the hall nude to find her husband. "I was wondering where you were Tom." The nude woman said to her husband.
"I guess you've overcome your embarrassment Charlene." The Professor said and continued. "The human species is very adaptable which is proven by you Charlene. Yesterday you were very embarrassed by your exposure today you're here as if you are dressed."
"Yes I'm getting used to the exposure. Am I posing in the same room 2A?" Charlene asked.
"You will be posing in that room for the duration of your time as a model."
"Okay that's good to know." The nude woman said.
Charlene took her husband's arm and walked to studio 2A saying. "I'm glad you talked me into modeling Tom this is beginning to be fun watching all the guys trying to check me out surreptitiously."
"See you didn't trust my intuition did you?" Tom said smiling.
"You're having the time of your life, walking around in public showing off your wife nude. I have no secrets from anyone who sees me. I am an open book; you enjoy seeing your wife nude in pubic, you're a pervert like all the men, except for our son Jamie, he is a sweetheart." Charlene stated.
"Yes our son Jamie is the perfect gentlemen, going to the spare room and banging the little red head." Tom laughed with Charlene joining in.
The couple walked into the Studio 2A laughing Charlene looked up and saw one of her former bosses checking out his camera, without thinking she walked up to him, being so comfortable nude she said. "Hi Leo how have you been, Did you find a job yet?"
Hearing a familiar voice Leo turned saying. "Hi Char, you taking a photography course also?" He was looking into her eyes as he talked to her, looking down he continued. "Holy shit you're nude! I guess you're our model today." The surprised man said as he looked the mature woman up and down. "Damn you're a fine looking woman!" Looking at Tom Leo became nervous as to what Charlene's husband will do hearing his comment he continued. "Sorry Tom didn't see you there I meant no offense to your wife. She is a very remarkable woman and to have the courage to walk around nude is outstanding."
"Thank you Lou, I'm glad you appreciate my birthday suit." Charlene said laughing.
"I'm having a great time showing off my precious spouse in all her naked glory. Tom answered.
Professor Carlan walked in the door as the couple was conversing with Lou saying, "Hi Charlene, are you ready to start?"
"Yes I am same as yesterday standing poses and then reclining?" Charlene asked.
"The poses will be all the same throughout the week for all Classes I am assigned to." Professor Carlan stated.
Charlene mounted the posing platform waiting for the group to get ready and being told to start posing. It was easier for Charlene today as the repetition helped her remembered the poses and went into them fluidly until a break was called.
"I have to go to the restroom." Charlene stated as she grabbed her husband and rushed out of the room. She was leaving the scent of an aroused woman in her wake.
Tom being in back of her knew what she needed and became aroused also. Charlene went through the private restroom door and locked it once Tom entered.
"I'm so horny I'm dripping." The mature woman whined as she put her hands against the vanity and spread her legs. "I need to be serviced. She moaned.
Tom being as aroused watching her model as she is modeling, wasted no time dropping his pants. Charlene reached behind her grabbed is tool and inserted him into her honey pot. It was a short break between poses, so Tom slammed into his wife causing her to become loud with the pounding she was getting.
"That's it slam it to me, faster go faster." The woman moaned. "I'm almost there, don't slow down, go faster, and rub my clit." Charlene admonished her husband.
Tom taking her last comments as an order he sped up the pounding of his wife and rubbed her clit, bringing her off moments before he blasted off. He almost fell over after he disengaged from his wife. He had to roll off her and lean against the vanity to stop from falling over.
"I feel better now." Charlene said wiping the act up, but you could see she was well fucked by the color of her lady lips and the exposure of her inner lips.
They walked back to the room 2A with a smile on their faces.
Everyone in the room knew Charlene just got laid by the expression on her face and the condition of her pussy. Tom had a shit eating grin on his face also confirming his activities a few minutes ago.
-------
Wednesday was the day when Tom thought he was going to lose his job. The last class of the day Charlene and Tom entered Room 2A and came face to face with the owner of the company he works for Lester Sitsman.
"Hi Les, what are you doing here?" Tom said wearily.
"I heard there was a mature woman modeling for the erotic class this week and I had to come here to take some photos." Les said, his boss continued. "I see the personal nature of your week off Tom. Your wife is the model. Charlene I'm impressed you're more beautiful nude than clothed."
"Thanks Les." Charlene blushed at the compliment.
"I didn't know you are taking courses in photography Les?" Tom said.
"Didn't you think it was funny I always left on Wednesday afternoon Tom?"
"I never gave it a thought."
"I'm glad you didn't as I wouldn't have had the pleasure of photographing your wife." Les said.
Charlene went through her erotic poses for the class particularly enjoying the thought that her husband's boss has seen her nude and totally exposed.
When the class was over Les came to talk with Charlene and Tom. "Tom you didn't tell me your wife is a proficient model? Charlene you did a wonderful job. I would like you to model for myself and a few of my friends in the camera club with have. We will pay you what you're making here. That is if you're okay with your wife modeling for me Tom?"
Not wanting to get on the wrong side of his boss he said. "It is up to Charlene I have no problems with her modeling for you?"
-------
The week went by fast for the couple. Charlene walked around the visual arts building as if she was clothed by the end of the week and spends most of the time nude at home with Tammy. She became more confident of her ability at the age of fifty-eight years old to attract young men and knows she is still attractive at her age. Tom's fantasy came true seeing his wife nude in front of groups of people. Jamie's friends come over his house more often attracted to the nude women in the house.
The final count for the week was Six hundred and twenty nine students in the course saw Charlene nude. Many of those touched her intimately while posing her. She signed up as a model for the following year along with Tammy who will be modeling for summer classes. The course was retained for the following two years as long as there are no complaints from the models.
Charlene made Four thousand dollars for the week. The most money she has ever made for working less than forty hours. She has been asked by a few of the photographers if she would be willing to pose for them at the same rate including her husband's boss. It has surprised her the fun she had being nude.