When we finished laughing, Bailey said, "You're needed in the conference room for a briefing on tomorrow's meeting.
I said, "Don't worry about Randall and Scott; they are just pissed about the pricing contract". Then I quickly grabbed my folders and followed her while briefly peeking at her perfect ass knowing she wasn't wearing any panties today.
We arrived at the conference room and Bailey went to get me some coffee. I was greeted coldly by the other Vice Presidents who were anxiously waiting to talk to me. Of course, it was the big question, "How did you get the pricing so low?" Randall was the first to ask the big question once everyone was seated. He wanted to be the big shooter and show off for Bob and Scott.
I had some time to think this through over the last few days and knowing that Grant wouldn't give me up because of the blow job I had given him, I simply said, "I worked with Grant several years ago with another company and knew that if I pressed him hard enough and threatened to bid the contract out, he would fold and go to his boss. I have done this before with him so he knew I wasn't kidding."
This seemed to increase the tension in the room. Randall went on the attack, "So Joanie, you played dirty to get the Wilmington contract and now you played another game with your little secret of having worked with Grant before. What's next? Are you on a mission to make the rest of us look bad or are you after one of our jobs in particular?"
Bailey arrived just in time with my coffee and the schedule for tomorrow's meeting. Mr. Simmons did not attend such briefings, he trusted those to Bailey. So, I turned things over to Bailey so she could announce the schedule of events to the group. It was her organization that I trusted and pulling all the right strings to move the meeting along with comfort and the utmost professionalism.
She took a seat at the head of the table and said, "The meeting is scheduled to start promptly at 11:30 am to allow time for introductions prior to a catered lunch. Along with Mr. Simmons, our Senior Vice President, The President of our company, Mr. Romero Lozante will be in attendance. Mr. Lozante will then address the group and thank Grant Garrison, his boss, Roger Waynewright and then last but not least, our own Joanie Stranton. Mr. Lozante will then address the further growth of the company and the goals for the next quarter and how much the new pricing structure will help not only our company but Mr. Waynewright's company as well. He will call for a signing of a contract for an exclusive one year relationship with Mr. Waynewright and our company provided the pricing structure that Mr. Waynewright, Grant and Joanie have worked out will stay intact during that time period. Being the President of the company, Mr. Lozante wants to keep things short and sweet and will end the conference with the signing of the contract, shake everyone's hands and leave."
With everyone properly briefed, Bailey dismissed the meeting. I thought of the debriefing that Cory had coming as I returned to my office to get away from Randall, and check my sex mail to see if Cory had responded. He had and was ready to Skype Saturday afternoon to make our plans. I responded and told him to be ready for a video call at 2pm eastern time. I learned in our emails and chat sessions that Cory is an architect with several projects going in Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina and other states that he manages. He is a busy man just needing to be laid which is an excellent fit for my fuck them and leave them project.
Bailey ordered in lunch while I booked a quiet little beach house in Wilmington. The next trip was going to be a long one. I would be in Wilmington for three weeks and wondered how many of my "johns" I could have to myself during that time. I was so excited just thinking about it as I printed my confirmation page from my email for my beach house then forwarded the email to Bailey so she would know where I would be staying.
Bailey and I had lunch together in my office while I filled her in on the Skype session with Cory. I thanked her for ordering my favorite crab cake and salad as we finished lunch together laughing and talking about how much fun we had last night. We were happy about our adventure and planned to revive the good old days together again just as in college, only now we were much more experienced.
Bailey spent the night with me again and we dressed our best for the Friday meeting. We took separate cars again. Bailey stopped to pick me up a Vanilla latte and some pastries while I went straight to the office. The place was buzzing with anxiety and gossip. I hated gossip. It was the talk of the bottom feeders in my opinion and I knew it was about me. I could just hear it, "What did she do to get those prices lowered? Did she screw Grant?" I went to my office to await Bailey with coffee and pastries. She arrived and we enjoyed our coffee and pastries in my office while she gave me the update on Grant and Roger's arrival. They were to be at the office 30 minutes before the start of the meeting and wanted to know what she should do.
I told her, "Bring them to my office and I will entertain them for thirty minutes."
Bailey laughed and said, "Don't get cum on your suit."
I laughed and told her that was just between me and Grant.
Grant and Roger arrived promptly at 11am and Bailey escorted them to my office. I thanked Bailey and she left closing my office door behind her smiling from ear to ear.
I said, "Hello Grant." I shook his hand and smiled. As I turned to the other gentleman, I said, "You must be Mr. Waynewright." I shook his hand and asked them to take a seat. I offered them some coffee and they both agreed they could use some. They had an early flight so I buzzed Bailey and had her bring in a pot of coffee and cups for three. Moments later Bailey appeared with our best serving tray containing coffee, cups, sweetener, and creamer. I thanked her as she left. I poured our coffee and I strolled around to the front of my desk standing in front of Grant and Roger who were seated in my guest chairs and thanked them for their time and the wonderful pricing structure they put together.
Roger smiled and said, "I can't afford to lose this account or Grant."
I replied, "Mr. Waynewright, we don't need to worry about that anymore. The volume you will be receiving from our current offices and the offices that are opening soon will make us all three look brilliant."
Grant smiled with a twinkle in his blue eyes and chimed in, "Yes, brilliant."
Bailey opened the door and told us it was time to go to the conference room. We put down our coffee cups and followed Bailey. As we entered the room, we were greeted by the other vice presidents, Randall, Scott and Bob, who were required to congratulate us on a job well done. Little did they all know about the job I did on Grant to get this pricing structure.
After everyone was properly introduced, the President of our company, Mr. Lozante, entered the room and introduced himself as he made his rounds shaking hands. Bailey and two other assistants were busy setting up the luncheon that was catered to Bailey's precise instructions. Bailey had the ladies finish with the food and drink display table and leave the room.
Everyone started getting their plates and taking their seats. I was seated between Grant and Mr. Waynewright. I asked if Mr. Waynewright had everything he needed and he replied that he did and said, "Please call me Roger."
I nodded my head and said, "Sure Roger."
As Mr. Lozante began his speech, Grant whispered in my ear, "It's time to pay that favor you owe."
I said "OK. When and where?"
He said "Hilton North Houston Airport. Meet me at the bar at 7 tonight."
I nodded my head and said "I will be there."
The meeting went off as planned and the contract was signed. Grant, Roger and I were praised heavily by Mr. Simmons and Mr. Lozante only making matters worse with Randall and his quest to figure out how I got the job done. I could tell by his looks yesterday that he wasn't buying the story about me working with Grant before.
I arrived at the Hotel Bar at exactly 7pm. Grant saw me enter and greeted me as I removed my wrap exposing the mostly unbuttoned blouse with perfect cleavage that I had worn for his viewing pleasure.
He escorted me to the bar where I noticed Roger and smiled as I told him, "Good Evening."
Roger got up and said, "Let's take a nice quiet table in the corner."
Grant and I followed Roger as I noticed Grant's hand had made it to the small of my back just above my ass, guiding me to the table Roger had chosen. Roger and Grant were drinking Scotch. The waiter approached the table and asked if we needed anything.
As I sat there between Grant and Roger, Grant said "Yes, get the lady a dirty martini." Was Grant being a gentleman or was this a control game for the favor I had to pay? The waiter returned with my martini that I drank faster than usual as I was feeling a bit uneasy. Roger finished his drink and excused himself.
"It was a pleasure seeing you again" I said as he started to walk away.
Roger turned and said, "We will meet again."
Grant ordered me another martini and asked for the check. As I finished the drink, I knew I would have to take control as soon as Grant and I got to the room.
"I'm ready when you are." I told Grant.
He smiled and said, "Wonderful, let's go have some fun."
We left the bar with his hand on my ass now and onto the elevator. When we arrived at the room he said before opening the door, "The contract is signed so we are sealing the deal with the favor, I hope you are ready."
"Of course." I said confidently as he opened the door. I noticed right away as I walked in that it was a large fabulous suite but made no remark. The bedroom was to the right of the large sitting area. The double doors to the bedroom were closed.
I set my handbag down and Roger entered from the bedroom and said, "I told you we would meet again."
Feeling a lump in my throat, I knew that they were planning on sharing me. I have never done a male/female/male threesome. To me there just seemed something homosexual about it for the men. Eventually swords would cross with the men. So how is it ok to be a bi-sexual female but it is not ok for two men to share a woman? Cheryl and I had a great time sharing Bill. "I have to take control early" I thought to myself.
I smiled and said "Great. So I get to have you both."
Grant replied with a twinkle in his eye "Oh yes Joanie."
So I proceeded to get control. "Gentlemen, I will need your ties please." They both removed their ties and placed them in my outstretched hand. I placed them in my hand bag and asked, "Who is first?"
Roger spoke up in a pleasant tone, "We would like you to take your clothes off for us while we watch you remove every item."
Asking no questions, I started by removing my blouse first followed by my skirt, shoes, stockings, bra, and lastly my thong as they stood there speechless. Roger began by approaching me slowly. Leaving all my clothing in the sitting room, Roger took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom with Grant right behind me.
"Shall I undress you both?" I asked.
Roger said, "No" as he unzipped his pants and leaned me over the bed. I knew then and there that I would not be controlling this evening. They had it all worked out in advance. "I can still steer situations if needed" I reassured myself.
With Roger's hands on my hips, he slipped his long hard dick inside me. Luckily, I was wet from stripping for them and took him with ease. As he moved in and out faster and faster I could feel his dick swelling and knew he was getting close to unloading so I clinched my vaginal muscles around his dick tight so I could get him out of the way and onto Grant. To my surprise, Roger pulled out before cumming and his hands were replaced by Grant's on my hips before I could move.
"This is going to be weird so I might as well get through it as quickly as possible but I don't know their plans! The safest thing is to just play along and appear to enjoy it." I thought.
Just as quickly as Roger exited my pussy, Grant entered it. It was the same routine. He was fully clothed with only his fly unzipped. I again did my best to get him to fill me with his load but he also pulled out right before unleashing his load. I turned my head as I felt Roger get on the bed. He was completely naked.
Grant guided me over to Roger as Grant began to undress. Roger placed my head toward his dick without saying a word. I took his dick in my mouth and began to suck it from the head to his balls.
As soon as Grant was undressed, he grabbed my ass and spread my cheeks butterfly style and slid his cock back inside me. He pounded harder this time and got Roger's attention. Roger grabbed my hair and pulled me off his dick. Grant pulled out yet again and rolled me on my back and began eating my pussy while Roger watched and stroked his dick. I had to admit to myself that I was starting to get into this. "They must have done this before." I thought as I felt myself reaching climax as Grant sucked my clit.
"Don't stop Grant!" I murmured as I felt the rush of pleasure throughout my body from the orgasm I just experienced. Grant rose up from my pussy and Roger handed me a dildo and said, "Fuck me in the ass with this as I suck Grant."
Shocked, I assumed the position behind Roger as he took Grant's dick in his mouth and sucked it long and passionately while continuing to stroke himself. As I pushed the dildo into Roger's ass and watched him suck Grant's dick, I realized then and there that they were bisexual. This was one experience I did not expect but I continued with the dildo fucking Roger's ass with it as instructed.
Roger yelled, "I'm going to cum!"
Grant said, "Stop and cum in Joanie now."
Roger stopped sucking Grant as I removed the dildo and was flipped over doggie style and filled with Roger's cum. He left a large load inside my pussy and we both collapsed on the bed. Grant immediately cleaned Roger's dick of all cum and then cleaned my pussy of all of Roger's cum. He even sucked every ounce of Roger's cum out of my vagina.
The act of cleaning Roger and I had Grant on the verge of orgasm. Grant said "Doggie style Joanie. Now!"
Again, I did as instructed and assumed the position. Grant was inside me within seconds and Roger had the dildo in Grant's ass fucking him fast and furious with it.
Roger said, "Don't cum inside her. I'm getting hard again."
Grant slowed and did as he was told. Obviously Roger was the alpha male. Roger said, "Stay just as you are Joanie. I'm coming in again."
Grant pulled out of me yet another time without relieving himself. Roger threw the dildo on the floor, took me by the hips, spread my cheeks and inserted his dick in my ass slowly and he said, "Grant fuck me now!" It was a doggie style train with Roger fucking me deeper and deeper in my ass as Grant fucked Roger in the ass. While Grant fucked Roger harder and faster, Roger fucked my ass harder and faster. They kept perfect rhythm with each other.
Grant yelled out, "Roger I need to cum now!" Feeling that Roger was going to cum again, I could tell how intimate they were and knew they would want to cum at the same time.
I clinched my ass tight around Roger's dick and Roger said "Cum now Grant...NOW!" Roger filled my ass with his load as Grant filled Roger's ass with his load. The three of us fell into the bed together.
Having never experienced such a thing I said, "Gentlemen, that was exhilarating. You guys are wonderful together."
They smiled at each other and kissed then Grant spoke. "It's not easy to get a female to play with a bi-sexual male couple."
I lied and said, "Well, I don't get it. I had a great time. May I excuse myself to the powder room?"
Grant said, "Help yourself Joanie and by the way, consider the favor paid in full. You were fantastic."
As I made my way to the powder room, I said softly, "Thank you sweetheart." I was more thankful that the evening was over than I was thankful for the compliment.
I returned to the bedroom to find them laying there in each other's arms kissing and stroking one another and knew I better grab my clothes and get out of there and said thinking of Bailey home alone "Guys, I'm going to get dressed and head home. I have a house guest that I need to get back to."
They replied together, "Just let yourself out Joanie and thanks again."
I said, "My pleasure." as I dressed quickly in the sitting room and left with their ties in my handbag. I had definitely earned those. I could never tell anyone about this. Not even Bailey. I was so disgusted with what I had just been through with those men that all I wanted was a cigarette, a long hot shower, and a good night's sleep. I was getting in my car when my phone rang. It was Lance.
I answered, "Hi there babe." I just sat in my car talking to my first internet lover, who just happened to be the best lover I had in many years. After what I had just been through, I really wanted him or maybe I just wanted normal sex with someone familiar next. What was happening to the Black Widow approach of fuck them and dump them? The kiss of death at the door when they leave knowing I would never see them again. He was after all Lance, my Boston lawyer. I needed him now more than ever.
I told him, "I'll be back in Wilmington Monday."
He asked, "Would you like me to come down and spend a night or two?"
I sighed and said, "I need you Lance."
He said, "I need you too Joanie. I will let you know what day I will be there. You just let me know where you are staying."
I lit a cigarette and drove home in shame of what I had done to bolster my career. I knew deep down that had I known what was going to transpire ahead of time, I would have done it anyway. I owed a favor and no matter what, it had to be paid. There is a price to pay to stay at the top of the corporate world and knowing Bailey would be waiting for me, I hurried home for my shower. She would want details that she could never know.
I finally smiled as I pulled in the driveway. I had a Skype call with Cory the next day and Lance would be joining me next week.