Somewhere in the United States was a college for women only. It featured classrooms for different subjects, a lunch room, a gym, an open field, and nearby group homes where the students would stay. A great bond of sisterhood developed between all the teachers and students.
However, none of them wore pants, or anything that covered their waistline. This is what set the Bottomless College apart from the other colleges. Those who had heard of the college wondered how it came to be.
During the first few years after its founding, the college was named Parkland College. The students wore their usual uniforms, and they each had a skirt covering the lower half of their body. From the beginning, the college required a close bond between all of its members, to the point where they'd become almost like their own family. The students and teachers were usually forgiving if someone made a mistake.
The course of Parkland College began to change one day when the geography teacher, Abigail, a tall, wavy-haired brunette with black-frame glasses, showed to class in a white fitted shirt but no skirt, leaving her lower half exposed to the entire class.
Abigail had been in such a rush that she had been trying to do several things at once before leaving to teach the class, who had to wait three minutes before she arrived.
While people there were generally forgiving for when someone made a mistake, this was not the class's first response; some of the students had a shocked expression while others were laughing at her. Chrissy was the only student who stood up for the teacher.
"ENOUGH!" Chrissy shouted. "Do you see the look of embarrassment on Ms. Abigail's face? She's clearly embarrassed enough as-is, and you all point fingers and laugh? Sure, I can understand those who are surprised or shocked, or even wanting to point it out to Abigail. We're supposed to be lifting each other up, not bringing each other down!"
The class stopped laughing. As Abigail took a seat at her desk, Chrissy continued, "What makes our college special is the sense of trust and mutual respect absolutely all of us have for one another, as if we were actual sisters. That's why we get such grades--we never leave a single one of us behind. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm removing my skirt so the teacher does not have to feel as embarrassed."
Chrissy was a young blonde woman who was in a secret relationship with Abigail, a 32-year old woman a little over a decade older than Chrissy, who was 20 at the time the incident occurred. Some women who enrolled were already lesbian, others were bicurious, and some continued to be straight, even after going bottomless was mandated. Not having to worry about men made some of the women decide to be lesbian.
Chrissy was one of the better known students at the school, as she tried to enroll in as many extracurricular activities as she could, her favorite of which was art.
Although they were teacher and student, Abigail and Chrissy got along just like friends. One time, when they were on the middle of a forest during a nature walk, Abigail, not having to worry about anyone hearing her, confessed to Chrissy that she had a crush on her. Abigail particularly admired Chrissy's blonde hair, radiant eyes, and her bright smile.
Hearing this, Chrissy began to feel somewhat of a shiver where she had a blood flow. Getting good grades was one thing, but having a teacher openly confess her feelings to Chrissy was another.
That night, Chrissy had fantasies of Abigail walking up to her naked, rubbing her gently, and sensually breathing on her neck, followed by a kiss. Chrissy imagined Abigail making her academic insecurities wither away.
A few days later, Chrissy and Abigail returned to the spot where Abigail had confessed her feelings. Abigail made her move and kissed Chrissy on the lips. The tightly-knit nature of the college not only gave Abigail the confidence to open up about her feelings but also to kiss Chrissy.
"There's room for a second person on my bed for tonight," Abigail said, winking at Chrissy. "Let's have a bit of weekend fun!"
That night, as Abigail climbed into the left side of the bed, Chrissy got into the right side. Both of them had no clothes on, had their legs locked together, their pussies touching one another, and began to passionately kiss.
This was Chrissy's first lesbian experience. Abigail told Chrissy that when she was her age, she had her first lesbian experience in a communal changing room with other women. Abigail saw about 19 other women having sex with one another, laughing about how their boyfriends don't know about what they're doing. Abigail's pussy got wet with excitement, so she decided to join in. Since that experience, Abigail had become a lesbian.
With Abigail's hand over her head and a kiss on the forehead, Chrissy felt safe. Some of her worries about schoolwork the coming week had been eased.
"Let's do this regularly, shall we?" Chrissy asked Abigail, who nodded in agreement.
A day after the incident where Abigail arrived to the class bottomless, both she and Chrissy went to school bottomless, although this time they decided to do so for themselves. They felt that mistakes like Abigail arriving bottomless yesterday should not be criminalized, and that there were no men for them to worry about.
Being bottomless was becoming like a statement of standing up for yourself and your rights as well as the pride of femininity. What began with Chrissy standing up for Abigail gradually inspired the other students to also attend school bottomless, thanks to Chrissy having a somewhat influential nature. This brought forth a unique style of formality of them wearing school uniforms while their lady parts were visible.
The movement eventually became big enough that being bottomless became a requirement, which in part was contributed to by the college wanting its own unique identity from the others. Several of the students did not like the policy change and left to attend a different nearby college. However, this also brought forth several other new students.
An even greater sense of trust filled the college, as the sisterhood between everyone there also evolved to also trusting one another with their bodies. Everywhere you looked, in the hallway, the library, the gym, the classrooms, the lounge, the lunchroom, all the staff and students had no bottoms on. None of them had to worry about any horny men either.
Overall, the new dress code requirement proved beneficial, as several feel as if they were walking around in the comfort of their own home. Some could destress more easily while in class. Certain sports such as soccer still required clothing to avoid risk of injuries around the waist area, while others like badminton and basketball retained the same bottomless pride for the uniforms.
At the end of the week, Chrissy again went to Abigail's for the night. As they ate dinner together, each bottomless in a fitted shirt, Abigail said, "Chrissy, I am proud of what you have accomplished. You took something that was very embarrassing for me and turned it into something positive. A new sense of self-identity is now present around an already-great school!" She then kissed Chrissy on the cheek.
Chrissy blushed and asked, "Do you want us to still keep our relationship a secret?"
"Yes, so our moments together can be more special," Abigail said. "Just as how the way the college does things is no one else's business, neither should our romantic relationship."
Upstairs, Abigail clothed Chrissy in the same white shirt she had been bottomless in by accident that one day.
"Here's for my A++ super star student," Abigail said, kissing Chrissy.
Chrissy felt both very horny and honored that Abigail allowed her to wear her shirt. "T-thank you," Chrissy said, blushing.
In exchange, Abigail came bear wearing Chrissy's school uniform. "Wow, you look so pretty!" Chrissy said.
"Maybe we should trade outfits at college," Abigail said, laughing.
Chrissy and Abigail locked legs and lay onto the ground, although this time they had been rocking back and forth on a two-sided dildo.
"Is this part of your example of why our relationship stays a secret?" Chrissy asked Abigail.
"Precisely," Abigail responded.
"Maybe we can build a nudist society around the college campus, I'm enjoying this too much." Chrissy said.
"One step at a time," Abigail said. "One step at a time."