Quickly his body covered mine. I could feel the curly chest hairs against my hardened nipples, brushing up and down as he stroked in and out of my sex...
BANG BANG BANG
Damn! I opened my eyes and squinted at the alarm clock. 8am. What in blue blazes was someone doing at my door this early? Everyone knows I sleep late. The loud knocking occurred again and my brain finally registered that it would probably be best to go to the door.
Groaning, I jumped out of my nice warm bed, calling I'd be right there. Since I sleep in the nude, I stopped long enough to throw on a short robe and curse the fact that while my wonderful dream had been interrupted, my body still hadn't calmed. My stiff nipples stood out against the silk of the robe and a warm wetness was on my thighs. This had better be good I mumbled on my way to the door.
Peeping through the window, I immediately smiled seeing the UPS truck in front of the house. This was worth it. The toys I had ordered were finally here. This was going to be a good morning after all. My favorite battery operated toy, a bullet, had died on me the week before during a crucial play period and my mood had been off ever since. I almost clapped with glee as I opened the door.
Wow was the first thought that hit my brain when I saw the UPS man. The ugly brown uniform stretched across his thighs and tightly over his broad shoulders. As my gaze traveled farther up I found myself staring into the sexiest smile I had seen in weeks. Oh my, I knew who I'd be fanaticizing about when I got that box opened.
His smile widened as he took in my appearance and he apologized for waking me. I assured him it was quite alright as I signed the required form, that it was worth it to get this package. He blushed then and looked towards the ground as he explained that his ex girlfriend had been the same whenever she had gotten packages from the same company. I could feel my own blush rising to my face at his words.
We stood there awkwardly for a few moments, both concentrating on trying to hide our embarrassment. He recovered first, handing me the box that held my treasures. Our fingers brushed and I felt a jolt of electricity run through me at the contact. He must have felt the same and he jumped, both of us stood for a moment staring into the others eyes.
"Well enjoy your package..."
"Would you like to come in for coffee..."
We both laughed self consciously at the simultaneous comments. He explained that it was against company rules and I frowned before grinning and adding the age old statement, "what they don't know..." He grinned and winked at me before running to lock up the truck.
Leaving the door open for him, I went to the kitchen to turn on the coffeemaker. Glad that I had readied it the night before. My nerves were all jumping from excitement and I didn't think I would be able to do it gracefully before him.
He joined me in the kitchen before the coffee was halfway finished. I turned smiling at him, telling him to have a seat at the table and the coffee would soon be ready. He sat at the large dining table watching me as I went through my cabinets looking for mugs and cream and sugar. Reaching up to get two large mugs I felt the short hem of my robe rising up the bottom of my ass cheeks.
"Here, let me get those for you." He said from behind me as I felt his body against my backside. He reached up and I stood pressed against the counter and his warm body while he deliberated between mugs. I could feel his breath against my ear as he asked me which ones I wanted. It took me several seconds to realize the man meant coffee mugs. Weakly I answered him and he brought the mugs down one by one as I enjoyed the feel of his hard body against mine.
With the mugs down, he slowly backed away from me, trailing his fingertips lightly down my shoulder and back to the beginning of my ass before stepping away. My body cried out at the loss of his warmth against me.
"Aren't you going to open your package?" He asked softly.
My mind was reeling with thoughts that had nothing to do with packages and at first I didn't fully understand his question. I looked over my shoulder at him questioningly, before he picked up the box I had left on the table.
Oh yes, my toys! How I had forgotten about my new toys was beyond me. I grinned at him, slightly embarrassed, and said that I would open it later. He immediately gave me that "little boy disappointed" look and said that he'd really like to see what I had ordered. How could I resist that look?
I took the box from his outstretched hands and placed it on the table. As I fumbled with the tape, I tried to remember all I'd ordered. I had spent more than an hour surfing through the new online toy store's catalog and by the time I had "checked out" I had gone through two glasses of wine and wasn't sure what I had bought. Oh please don't have let me bought anything too outlandish I hoped silently.
Finally getting through miles of tape I opened the box to find my goodies. I spent several moments going through the box as a child does at Christmas. Oh, the flavored oils! Grinning at him, I opened each bottle and sniffed, tasting occasionally before handing them over to him.
Body butter! I'd forgotten all about the body butter. Opening the jar filled the room with the scent of strawberries, and teasingly I ran my finger across the slick top before rubbing my finger across his bottom lip. He sucked my strawberry flavored finger into his mouth and my legs almost melted beneath me as his tongue swirled around the digit and my brain imagined where else that I'd like to have that tongue. I stood fanaticizing for several seconds before he let go of my finger and agreed that it did indeed taste like strawberry. I stood silently watching those thick sexy lips before he asked me what else I'd bought and brought me to my senses.
Shaking my head to get a grip on my sexy thoughts, I remembered the coffee. I turned to pour us both a cup and asked what he'd like in his. When he didn't answer, I turned to find that he'd started going through the box on his own. He was opening one of the bullets he'd fished out of the box. It was an average-sized bullet with remote control, in one of my favorite colors, red.
I giggled nervously and repeated my question of sugar or cream. Distractedly he told me to add a little of both as he began fishing once again through the box. Out came another bullet (I had learned from the last time, backups are essential.), a shiny new vibrator, and two packs of batteries- C and AA.
Blushing, I joined him at the table with our coffee while he tore open the packs of batteries. Within minutes he had each of the toys ready for use and was testing them against his palm, one by one, as they purred away. I rubbed at an imaginary spot on the furnished top of the table while he played.
"Which is your favorite?" he questioned eagerly.
"The bullet." I answered softly, still rubbing my spot on the table.
"Show me?"
I gasped and looked up at him at the question. He grinned that "little boy innocent" grin at me and explained he'd always wanted to watch. I stammered out a few excuses as he jumped up and started clearing off the table, ignoring my excuses completely. Table cleared, he helped me from my seat to pull me against his chest. He kissed me deeply, his tongue exploring my mouth, while his hands roamed over my body. I could feel his excitement pressing against my belly.
Just the thoughts of it had set my mind to racing. Having him watch me while I played with myself? Not quite what I'd had in mind earlier, but still, exciting in itself. His hands were on my ass, pulling me towards him, massaging my cheeks. I could feel the blood rushing through me as my desire built within me. His lips found my throat, just below my ear, and nibbled and sucked their way down to my shoulder.
"Show me... please," he whispered roughly into my ear before returning to my shoulder. His hands found their way to my aching breast and we both moaned as he found my hardened nipples through the sheer silk of the robe.
"These were the first things I saw when you opened the door, and I knew then I wanted you," he announced as he gently pulled my robe open. Leaning me back against the table, he crouched low to suckle on the erect nubs. He lifted my heavy globes into his palms, bringing each nipple to his mouth, nibbling and gently pulling each one, shooting sparks of desire through my entire body before settling into the fire building in my sex.
His hands drifted lower, teasingly his fingernails scratched over my skin as he made his way down to my sex. He groaned as I did, finding the patch of wetness that had begun to spread over my lips with his attention. His fingers traced over the lips of my pussy back to my delicate ass and then slowly back up to my clit.
"Play for me, show me how to please you," He ground out while looking into my eyes.
Slowly I nodded, yes.
Gently he guided me back onto my kitchen table, positioning me so that my knees were bent and my heels were on the very edge of the table. He smiled as he handed me my new red bullet, but kept the remote control for himself. I grinned and protested that that wasn't very fair before he reminded me life wasn't.
I lay there for a moment, thinking of what I was doing- Masturbating with toys in front of a perfect stranger. The thrill of the adventure perked my already throbbing heat. Standing at the end of the table, between my bent knees, he turned the bullet on low, reminding me that it was now or never.
I ran the red vibrating bullet over my lips, licking the new vinyl covering, before running it down my throat and to my breasts. Gently I circled each nipple with the humming wonder while I watched his face fill with excitement. The gentle vibrations hummed through my swollen aureoles and deep down within me. He worked the remote control so that the sensations alternated between soft and strong, surprising a gentle pant from me with each change.
He leaned between my legs, reaching above my head as I continued circling an aching nipple. The smell of the body butter filled my senses before he brought covered fingers to the neglected nipple. Trapping the nub between two slick fingers, he swirled the butter around and around my erect nipple causing me to moan deeply. Having covered the one nipple he went back for more butter and I ran the bullet over the slickened nipple while he repeated the process on my other.
All this attention to my sensitive breasts had my juices flowing from my pussy and my clit standing at attention barely waiting its turn. I traced the bullet slowly down my middle to my eager clit while his eyes followed the path.
The first vibrations against my sex made me gasp, as I was so excited and ready. Slowly I circled the bullet over my lips and up to my waiting clit. Wickedly he played with the speed, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. Each time I thought I was at the brink, panting and trembling just on the edge he would slow the vibrations to a dull roar.
During my fascination with my play he'd grabbed the new vibrator and I heard it roar to life. As I continued my play with the bullet he brought the purring vibrator against my slit. Lightly he probed into my sex, slowly introducing the vibrator into me. My hips arched up, trying to speed the introduction. He was having none of it and continued the slow probing strokes.
The vibration against my hard clit... the slow strokes of the hard vibrator within me... his watching the entire scene... All were compounding into a massive orgasm for me. My free hand found a tight nipple and I rolled its slickness between my fingers.
I could feel my body tensing and my toes curling against the edge of the kitchen table. My breath coming out in short pants, as I became aware of myself moaning over and over, "Yes... oh God, yes..." I was finding it hard to concentrate as my body took over my mind and my head flung from side to side as my orgasm washed over me. I arched my hips as far off of the table as I could as I came, shooting my orgasm from my body and in some part of my mind I heard his disbelieving cry of "Oh my God."
He continued the slow strokes of the vibrator as my body settled down against the table and my mind slowly came back to me. I grinned at his look of astonishment as I opened my eyes to find him staring at me.
"Wow! That was great! Do you do that every time?"
I held back a laugh and asked him had he never seen a woman do that before. He grinned and answered, "No, but I'd love to see it again." I gave a pointed look at his bulging hard on pressed against his uniform pants, grinned, and said, "Ok."
It took him less than 3 seconds to get the hint and he started unzipping his pants. Quickly he pulled down his pants and briefs before the awkward dance of getting the tangled clothes from around his feet. That accomplished, he pulled me closer to the edge of the table and rested my legs against his shoulders. He rubbed his swollen cock over my drenched pussy, up and down over my sensitive clit, until again I was ready once again.
Swiftly he entered me, until I could feel his warm balls against my ass. He groaned at my tight pussy surrounding his cock. He didn't move as I clenched my muscles, milking his hard cock for the cum I wanted from him. It wasn't enough for either of us and he soon started pumping in and out of me, slowly at first and then faster and harder as we both worked our way towards orgasm.
His breathing became harsh and a look of concentration covered his face as he rammed harder into my hot sex. His thumb covered my tight clit as he pumped harder and deeper in me. Sparks of heat shot through me and I cried out as I felt the rush of my second orgasm overtaking me. As I bucked and moaned around him, he pulled out and spurted his jism over my stomach and breasts with a triumphant groan.
Minutes passed as we both came down from our excitement. We grinned together as he helped me down off the kitchen table and I excused myself to clean up for a moment. I came back to find an empty kitchen. Looking around the house I found him at my computer desk. He questioned me as to how I got on the internet and I showed him.
With a playful grin he took over the keyboard and typed in the address of the toy store. We spent the next hour surfing the site and ordering for the next delivery.