Recently Ally moved back to her hometown after university. She just graduated in the spring and moved in recently with a roommate, a great girl named Becca that she's looking forward to getting to know better. Becca is a jock too so they hit it off right away. Ally was a multi sport athlete growing up but enjoys running and soccer mainly, she's a goalie, and a really good one. She played on the varsity team in uni and was in the gym and on the field as much as she was in school. Having access to the best trainers and specialists was incredible, literally everything was about just following a plan. She was in the best shape of her life, still is, but now that varsity is done, she's looking for another team locally to play with to stay fit.
Tonight, Ally arrived home late from work. She had a client at 8 so basically didn't get home until 10. Now finished uni she's just wrapping up hours for her RMT, a massage therapist and has a good job at a spa and also works at the college athletics centre working with athletes.
She managed to inhale a sandwich before leaving so wasn't hungry when she arrived home, instead deciding to change for bed and spend some time with her IPad in bed looking up teams in the area accepting players.
Walking in the front door of her place, the house was silent.
"I guess Becca's already asleep?" she thought as she quietly put her work bag down and tiptoed into the living room.
She noticed Becca's door ajar so lightly pushed it open to take a peek.
"Yup, she's asleep alright," thinking to herself as she saw Becca starfished across the bed on her stomach.
Becca had kicked her covers off and was laying there in a tank top and panties, her panties had ridden up like someone had given them the lightest tug from behind, forming a small wedgie between her cheeks.
"That's a cute look," she thought to herself with a smile.
Ally closed the door softly. She continued down the hall past her bedroom and into the bathroom. Next, she turned on the light and closed the door lightly to not wake her roomy.
There she stood in front of the mirror still dressed in her outfit from the spa, pausing to check herself out, she began changing for bed. Wearing a blue polo shirt from work, she crossed her arms and pulled the shirt up and over her head, her brown hair landing back down on her shoulders. She brushed the hair back that had fallen in front of her face.
Looking down she said, "I really need to find a league to play in, I don't want all this hard work to go to waste."
Ally brought her hand up to her chest then slid her finger down the line in her abs from her sternum to her belly button. Next, she undid the button on her khaki's and lowered the zipper, she could see a dash of light blue as the seam of her panties came into view. Sliding her thumbs along the edge of her work pants, she slowly pushed down. There was a slight pause over her hips, then they fell faster down her legs. She looked up, taking an inventory in the mirror. Ally was standing in a black bra and light blue panties with amazing abs that looked pretty badass.. Ally was a natural C cup up top, but was slender and normally wore small undies down below. With the way the light was cast from above the mirror, she could see the faintest cameltoe through the light cotton fabric of her panties.
She had to pee before bed so she stepped over to the toilet and slipped down her underwear and sat down. Looking down, she raised her heels and slid her panties off as she pee'd. Bringing her undies up for closer inspection, she noticed they were fairly clean today and then tossed them in the hamper by the sink. Finishing, she gave her bum a little wiggle, then wiped and stood up.
As she walked out of the room she put her hands behind her back and undid her bra and let it fall down and into the hamper as she walked past. Opening the door and scurrying down the hall in the nude, she entered her bedroom without a sound.
"What to wear, what to wear," she thought to herself as she closed her door, standing in the dimly lit room in front of her dresser.
Sliding the top drawer open, "hmm, not too hot, not too cold," she thought to herself as she ran her hands over her underwear drawer.
"There they are!" saying in a low tone while raising up a favourite pair of high cut boxers.
For the laymen, these were plaid and high cut on the leg, kind of like cheekies, but also gave a girl a little breathing room downstairs.
She stepped into them and pulled them up over her hips. Looking down she noticed her nipples were hard from the cool air so she raised her hands and squeezed her breasts to tame them, something she'd always done. It gave her a little tingle and usually softened her nipples again.
"Well, off to bed then," as she turned and lifted the covers on her bed and slid underneath.
On her back, she scooched up onto her pillow and grabbed her IPad to search for a local team. It sat on her tummy and rested back on her raised thighs, she looked down at the screen over her bare breasts.
"No, No, NO!" she said as she scrolled through Google. "Wait! What's this? A co-ed league? I've only played women's before, but maybe co-ed could be fun too," she thought as she paused over the link, "well, let's give it a shot."
Ally crafted a short email through the link about her background and wanting to play, then hit send.
Thinking nothing more, she turned her IPad off, put it on the night stand and rolled onto her side and fell asleep a few minutes later.
The next morning came fast, in fact not fast enough.
Waking up and looking at her nightstand, "OMG, it's 8am! I need to be back at the spa for 9. Crap, crap crap," she said to herself as she sprung out of bed.
She slid her dresser drawer open and grabbed a thong, then a bra. Not really looking down she managed to get both on in a flash and she walked out of the room and down the hall. In the bathroom she saw her pants and shirt from the night before and gave them a shake and put them on.
"Oh Ally," she said, as she looked up at the mirror fully dressed now.
She ran her hand through her hair and grabbed a hair tie from the counter and made a ponytail.
"Good enough," she thought as she flashed a quick smile to herself in the mirror.
Opening the door and bouncing down the hall, Becca was in the kitchen making breakfast.
"Uh oh, late again babe?" Becca said when Ally appeared.
Becca was still in her sleep outfit, "pink panties, nice touch," Ally thought to herself.
"Can I have your toast? I gotta run," she said as she moved past Becca.
"Sure, here you go!" Becca said as she passed a slice to her.
Ally put it in her mouth as she reached the front door and slid her shoes on.
"Have a great day! Love ya!" she said looking back at Becca as she disappeared out the door.
After a short car ride, Ally arrived at work on time and had enough time to prep her room before her first client.
Afterward, she had a few minutes in the room by herself and grabbed her phone. "Wow, an email already!" She said with enthusiasm reading the screen.
She continued reading...
"Game tonight, welcome to play!" she was pumped reading the news, responded with a confirmation and couldn't wait.
Later that day, Ally wrapped up her last client around dinner time, she had just enough time to make it home to grab her stuff, then go onward the field.
She pulled up and saw that the field complex has some simple dressing rooms and big flood lights for night games too. Strolling up near the field, there was a line of doors in the outbuilding that had the dressing rooms.
"Number 2, that's me!" she said as she pushed the door open.
"Every dressing room smells the same, I swear," she thought laughing to herself.
Rounding the corner, she stopped when the group came into view.
"Hi guys, I'm Ally," she said with a shy wave and a smile.
"Hey Ally! They all responded with enthusiasm as she appeared
She found a spot at the end of the room and sat down scanning the crowd. Noticing something off a bit she leaned over to the guy beside her.
"Hey, isn't this supposed to be a co-ed team? she asked.
"Oh ya, it is. Just that the last girl moved away a few weeks ago... so you're it!" He said with a smile.
"Oh, ok. Well I'm Ally nice to meet you," she said, extending her hand.
"Cool, I'm Adam and nice to meet you too," he responded with eye contact and a slight grin.
With that, she began unpacking her bag and laying out her stuff. Looking up, she scanned the room again.
"Wait, is there no girls area?" she thought to herself.
From where she was sitting, she could see the entrance to a washroom on one side but nowhere that was private for her. This wasn't uncommon for older buildings, but she'd only been on women's teams before and it was never a big deal. Now she's with 20 guys and it's something else entirely.
Looking back around the benches, the guys were starting to get undressed one by one.
Ally was likely the junior on the team at around 20, and the guys seemed on average a little older, maybe ranging from 25-40 years old.
She was starting to get an eyeful of them too...
"Where do I even look, or not look, lol" she thought to herself with a bit of excitement as the first penis came into view, then the second, then the third.
"This is getting intense," she said to herself under her breath.
Not long after, most of the guys were naked or partially and starting to step into their compression shorts and uniforms.
"I guess everything is a bell curve," she thought to herself.
She could see most of the guys were of average size. There was one or two that were on the smaller side, then several that were well above average. Atleast from her experience so far.
The guys were starting to put on their cleats and Ally hadn't even started getting ready yet.
"Oh crap, focus Ally, it's just a bunch of naked guys," she said to herself with a little grin.
Ally stood up and turned to face the wall to create any amount of privacy in the crowded room for herself that she could. First she leaned down and removed her shoes and socks and put them under the bench. Then, she looked down and slowly lifted her top over her head.
"Here goes nothing, I guess," she thought, slightly excited.
Folding her top and placing it in her bag, she was now showing off her white bra to her new friends. While looking down again, she undid her pants and then her zipper and pushed them down and over her hips and onto the ground. Stepping out of them, she folded them and put them into her bag too.
The room suddenly got quiet behind her as she paused, standing in her black thong and white bra facing the wall away from the guys.
"Are they?" she thought while looking over her shoulder, "ya, they're watching me."
Accepting the situation she was in now, Ally reached back slowly and undid her bra next. She slid the straps off her shoulders and held the cups in front with her other hand and forearm. Slowly lowering it, she could see her nipples were pointing slightly up and at full attention. To be honest, it was a thrill with so many eyes on her.
She glanced beside her and noticed that Adam was stealing a glance at her chest and trying not to get caught. She leaned down and folded the cups inside one another, and grabbed her sports bra from the bag. In one motion she pulled it down over her head and into place.
"Ok, not so bad, maybe the guys got some side boob action. One step left," she thought to herself with a sense of accomplishment.
Then she put her hands on her hips and slid down her thong. Her panties hesitated between her legs and she pushed further, releasing them, they fell to the ground. She stepped out of them and crouched her bum down grabbing them and her spandex shorts to wear next. She lifted her bum back up and stood, trying to raise a leg to step into them but she dropped her shorts by accident. Trying to recover quickly, she bent over and raised them off the floor to try again.
What she hadn't realized is that this move had thrown modesty out the window, her cheeks raised as she bent over and her lips came into full view between her legs for the crowd's enjoyment behind her...
Stepping into her shorts now, she felt relieved and continued dressing into her uniform. The banter in the room picked up again and Ally was off the hot seat.
"Well hopefully not too much of a show," she laughed to herself.
They all finished dressing and marched off to the field together.
It was a hard fought game and they won 2-1 in Ally's debut.
After the game they all piled into the dressing room again, the energy was high and Ally was glad she only let in 1 on her opening night.
Like most post-game dressing rooms, this one stunk too. The guys all got undressed and so did Ally. As she got down to her sports bra and shorts sitting on the bench, she noticed the guys were dropping their bottoms again without hesitation, it's like they didn't think anything of her being there.
"Well there's no way I'm driving home like this," she thought to herself.
So she grabbed her goalie jersey and layed it over her lap, then pulled her shorts down. She reached into her bag for her thong and slid it over her feet. Rocking side to side, she managed to get them into place, then removed the jersey from her lap.
Ryan was standing in front of the bench across from her, he was a tall guy and pretty attractive in a tall dark and handsome kind of way.
Her eyes trailed down his chest and noticed how muscular he was. Then it came into view. Her eyes moved down lower, then kept going, and going.
"Oh..." she said to herself.
He was slightly hard but still hanging down.
"Hey Ally, eyes up!" Ryan said looking right at her, "I'm not a piece of meat!" he said jokingly and with a grin..
She was mortified. He totally caught her looking.
"How would that even work?" she thought as she glanced up again at it.
In all his glory, Ryan's penis was the thickest she had seen and he was still basically soft at about 6 inches. Instinctively, she put her hand over her belly button as she watched him, imagining what that might feel like.
Getting more than a bit turned on, and feeling a little more adventurous at this point...
"The guys surely wouldn't care at this point?" Ally sat there for a moment looking around. Then, she slowly crossed her arms and pulled her sports bra over her head. Her breasts slowly appeared under the fabric, her nipples were like hard eraser tips and her skin super sensitive to the cool air.
The guys however did notice right away, the room paused again, with a new energy. She thought for a moment about raising her hands to cover her breasts but decided to let the situation linger.
She bent down and took her bra out of her bag and laid it across her lap, she took a quick look around and noticed most of the guys glancing over, and a few were at full attention as they sat on the benches. She could see their cocks sticking a few inches above their laps, most trying to push them back down, just to have them spring up again.
She grinned and slowly began putting her bra on, doing it up in the back, "This is going to be a fun season," she thought to herself.