If Chase had any second thoughts or regrets, it was too late. He stood barefoot and half naked under a covered walkway as a small crowd of influential island leaders and other members of his family's pods waited patiently in the middle of the villa cloister. Anticipation was thick in the air. Chase and his new bride, Luana, had finished their vows inside but now they needed to complete the main event, the bonding ceremony that would connect their family pods in the eyes of the island community.
At twenty one years old, Chase had already learned about the old ways of the islands in the archipelago, spending his late high school years alternating anthropology classes with a job working with his father to make sure the crops on Osisi were healthy and sustainable. Over the last last few years, he'd bounced around to mainland universities and interned with some of the world's' most powerful influential private sector leaders. He developed a slow and easy manner with people thanks to his internships abroad and mentorships locally and he felt the need for a primary partner who would connect him to the island's history while they worked together to build the island's future.
In the end, Chase's parents let him make the final call in the courting process for his partner. The decision was serious as the new couple could eventually steer the governance of the island, assuming they could navigate the ins-and-outs the new pod their bond would create between their families over the next decade. The pods, formally announced relationships formed between families once members of each family bonded with each other, formed the building blocks of the island. Once they had shown the island and their loved ones that they were ready to take on new challenges, Luana and Chase could start new pods for themselves.
For now, all Chase could do was stare down the walkway at his beautiful new partner. Like Chase's family Luana Lee's parents meant something special to the island. Her mother, Malia, could trace her heritage back hundreds of years to the native people of the island, before they were mostly run off by European settlers. Many years later, her family built up a fortune that allowed them to help re-settle the island with families searching for a refuge from the rest of humanity.
Chase loved how mature Luana was for her 19 years. He knew his parents had loved the idea of bonding their family pod to a family that traced their roots so far back on the island. Luana and Chase had known each other for years, going back to their early years chasing each other around at co-ed childrens' socials on the island, and they had become romantically close in the last year as Chase unlocked mysteries of the island to her and she taught him of the traditions of Pacific Island families.
She looked stunning tonight. She wore a traditional tribal outfit for the ceremony. Luana's small breasts were covered only by a series of tightly woven bamboo threads that hung from a single strap that ran from her right shoulder to her left side. The top bared her think ochre midriff to warm night air. She wore earrings made from purple shells found on the beach. A thick beaded skirt hung from her heart shaped hips, fashioned from colorful glass beads passed down for generations in her family and and shells collected from the island's beaches.
Chase felt like a fake. Despite the Topol family's European heritage, his parents insisted that he wear traditional island apparel for the ceremony. A frontal apron woven from native grasses and shells was all that covered his manhood. It hung from a woven belt that covered most of his mid-section up to his belly button. A light brown woven cape hung across his right shoulder and draped down over his broad back and chest. Working in the fields had not been wasted on Chase's physique.
"This ceremony will come to order!" Chase's father, Spiro called out next to him.
"Let us bond our families for the good of our spirits and the spirits of our ancestors!" Luana's mother called in response. Speaking of stunning, Malia looked magnificent in her full length gown that clung tightly up against her small breasts and thin arms. Chase and Luana knew their parts and they both lowered themselves to their hands and knees as Chase's mother and Luana's father affixed collars to their necks and took hold of the long chains attached.
"We affix chains to our children to represent the chains forced on the ancestors of these islands," Chase's mother, Audrey, called out per ceremonial customs as the two processions began to move. Their adult children walked on their hands and knees across paved stones the short distance to the middle of the villa. Much like the other adults who served as their witnesses tonight, the new couple's parents were dressed in contemporary black tie apparel: expensive suits for the men and gowns for the women. As they reached the gardens in the middle of the cloister, Chase peered into the crowd and recognized the Lees' podmates as well as his parents', people with whom Luana and he would eventually become intimately acquainted.
"We release these bonds so that the only bonds that unite our families will be those chosen by these two adults," Luana's father, Deng, announced as he followed the script. With this announcement, Luana and Chase stood up from their scraped up hands and knees and turned to each other. Deng walked behind Chase and removed his collar while Spiro crossed to Luana's collar and mirrored the gesture. The two men held the collars and chains in the air and then dropped them to the ground.
The ceremony script was well known to all of the participants and attendants; all except perhaps his mother's special guests, the Anna and her stunning daughter Kari. The audience for the evening sat far enough from the ceremony participants to make sure Luana and Chase wouldn't get claustrophobic but close enough to keep close watch over the intimate ceremony..
The two young lovers moved closer together while their parents took their seats in large intricately carved wooden chairs, almost thrones, behind them on either side and then sat down. Malia picked up a small bell off the table between the two sets of parents and rung it to signal permission for the bonding to begin..
"Just remember I love you," Chase whispered into Luana's ear, to try to relax her.
"I love you, too. I'm so excited for this," she reassured him.
Traditionally, the bonding ceremony was a time for two young adults to make love with each other for the first time. They did so in front of their parents to prove their loyalty to their families. Years ago, the audience was added to make sure the lovers also were introduced to the physical intimacy that was a critical element to the culture of the bonded adults of the island.
These days, young adults rarely lost their virginities in the bonding ceremonies. They'd grown up on clothing optional beaches and with regular classes on sexual health and identity, so they knew where their parents were on those late weekend nights, even if they were expected to feign ignorance. Luana and Chase were no strangers to each others' most intimate thoughts. Early in their courtship, Chase had confessed to Luana about that crazy night when he watched his mother go down on her best friend while he watched and played along from his bed. Luana had confessed that she'd already masturbated to the thought of his father ravishing her more times than she could count. They knew their sexual appetites would be good matches.
Luana stood on her tiptoes and planted a long wet kiss on Chase's lips. As she pulled away, he looked into her bright brown eyes and the contours of her beautiful Polynesian features. He reached his hands down to her waist and then spun her around to face outward to the audience as he caressed her flat stomach from behind. He moved his hands up and under the delicate strands that covered her breasts. He cupped her breasts as he leaned down and planted his mouth on her neck and started to work his way up to her ear lobe. She sighed as he nibbled on her ear.
Luana took her sash in both hands and lifted it, baring her petite pointed breasts to the audience as Chase teased her nipples and areolas. He grabbed her long black silky hair and brushed it to the side, continuing to plant kisses along her neckline. She reached her right hand up behind her head and ran it through the back of Chase's sandy blonde hair before spinning gracefully around to face him. She grabbed him by the hips and led them in a turn so that they were now on opposite sides of where they began, with Chase's parents to his left and the audience to his right.
Luana looked Chase directly in the eyes and slipped her hand between the strands on his skirts and pulled his penis out into full view of the audience. She coaxed it higher and higher until it poked out from between the drapes on its own and then she fell down to her knees, kicking up dust in the sand as she fell.
Chase thought how beautiful Luana's big beautiful eyes and the wide bridge of her nose looked as she knelt in the grassy pool created as her woven skirts as they flailed out on the ground. She pressed her lips to his mushroom shaped penis head and slid her lips down the shaft and then up again. She opened her mouth wide and plunged down on his trembling cock.
Luana wasn't afraid to get sloppy and a combination of spit and pre-cum started to drip down Chase's cock and out of her lips as she attacked the task at hand. She reached a hand up to her petite breast and massaged the mound of flesh there while she labored on Chase's erection. He let his head sink forward and continued to watch in appreciation, constantly aware of the watching eyes of their parents and community members from either side.
Luana started to press her mouth farther down his shaft, throating his cock as she pushed aside the strands of his skirt, so the audience could get a good look at his pink freshly waxed testicles. Echoes of her gagging noises reflected off the corridors of the cloister. When she finally pulled off his cock, she let a long string of frothy saliva and pre-cum follow her lips and then succumb to gravity as it fell to the ground. She placed her right index and middle fingers deep into her mouth and pulled them out with a long slow smack and then lowered her left hand to spread the strands on her skirt, giving everyone full view of her fully waxed vulva. Using her freshly lubricated fingers, she spread her lower lips and teased the pearl sized tip of her clit.
Chase knew what he needed to do and he reached down, and grabbed Luana under her thin arms and lifted her into the air. She wrapped her legs around him and he carried her to the nearby makeshift bed. It was a mattress anchored into place on the ground by a bamboo frame. The mattress was surrounded with native flowers and plants and he layed her on the white fabric sheet that topped it. As she laid down, Luana turned her body to face the couple's' parents so that they would get the best view of the action. She laid back and planted her feet on the mattress, letting her legs fall open and the beads on her skirt fall away, unashamed to let their families look upon her gleaming vulva.
For a skinny young woman, Luana's labia were relatively thick curtains that Chase needed to part before starting his performance. He splayed the lips apart and then set his tongue to the pearl they hid so well. Luana moaned and pulled at her nippes as Chase licked and sucked at her sex. At one point, Chase looked up and saw Luana making eyes in his father's direction while she writhed in ecstasy. Another time, he caught her exchanging a wink with someone in the direction of her own parents. She was owning her performance.
"I'm coming Chase. Oh, fuck, you're amazing," she called out after several minutes of moaning and writhing in the cloister lights.
After Luana calmed her body, Chase was ready for his turn. He made it back to his knees, threw the cape off his shoulders and helped Luana flip over by grabbing her by her hips. He whipped the skirts off her waist, revealing her cleanly waxed asshole to their parents behind him and then dropped his own skirts, letting the audience get a clear view of his full manhood.
"I'm going to fuck you so hard your ancestors will feel it," Chase whispered in her ear as he leaned down over top of her tight little back. He reached down with his hand and continued playing with her clit while he pushed his thick cock deep inside her sopping wet vagina. Chase stared at the faces in the audience as he pounded away and then he pulled his hand up to her chin to lift her face up to look at them, too.
When the couple tired of fucking doggystyle, they turned again, this time Chase laid down on his back on the mattress while Luana towered up over top of him, once again letting their families get a full view of her stunning nubile body while she rode his manhood. She leaned forward and pinned Chase's outstretched arms to the ground as she bounced up and down on his shaft.
"I want you to come for me, for all of us. Are you ready?" Luana whispered in Chase's ear after several minutes of punishing his pelvis with her grinding hips.
At Luana's request, Chase sat up, and she climbed off his pelvis, pulling his bright red manhood out of her dripping sex as she rose. The couple stood stark naked in front of friends and family and crossed to the little table between their parents' chairs where a small wooden chalice waited next to the bell that Malia used to signal the lovers earlier. Luana took the chalice in one hand and their parents stood upon seeing that the couple was ready to wrap up the evening's' performance.
Luana stood to the audience's left of the table, with her similarly built petite mother standing eloquently just to the left and her stocky father on the end. Chase took his place to the right of the table, with his full figured mother and tall athletic father standing to mirror the Lees.
Luana took Chases erect penis in her hand and began to violently stroke it. Chase's chest started to rapidly rise and fall as he approached orgasm and he let his head fall back as his mouth puffed the night air in and out. Finally, the moment the crowd was waiting for arrived and Luana pointed Chase's thick manhood at the chalice as he was overtaken with spasms as one milky stream of semen after another splashed into the chalice. By the time Luana was finished milking him dry, the small wooden chalice was nearly overflowing. Luana stepped forward toward the audience, smiling as she held the chalice up with both hands.
Her body was glistening with sweat from her hard work and the audience showed their appreciation as they climbed to their feet to cheer. Malia and Audrey stepped forward to join Luana in the spotlight as she offered the chalice to her mother, who tipped it back and sipped from her new son-in-law's milky seed. Malia passed the chalice to Audrey, who drank from her son's cum, before handing it back to Luana who tipped the chalice backward and finished off her partner's gift, not letting a single drop escape her mouth.
Malia took the chalice back from her daughter and returned it to its stand as Chase stepped up and grabbed his new wife by the hand. He felt proud they'd brought the crowd to their feet in the end, a good omen for this new bond. His parents seemed to be proud, too, as his mother gave him a small pat on his rippling abs. He looked down into Luana's eyes one more time and she reached her hand to his cheek.
"This is going to be a hell of a ride," she told him as she kissed him to the sound of another rising cheer.