It was the best birthday present I have ever received. About a week before my birthday, my wife asked me what I wanted for a present. I told her I wanted to take her out dancing the weekend following my birthday. For my present, I wanted her to dress in the sexiest outfit she has and let me show her off. She reluctantly agreed. I spent the whole week looking forward to our date. I kept imagining her in various outfits I have bought her over the years. Saturday finally came.
I was aroused immediately when I saw her walking down the stairs. She was wearing a short dress with a hemline that landed about half way up her thighs. The low V neckline provided a great view of her very well tanned cleavage. An ample amount of her brown globes were visible above the cut of the dress. My eyes strained for a glimpse of her nipples as she met my lips for a kiss, but the dress stayed in place.
As we headed toward the garage, I walked behind her to get a complete view of my present. Her cream and maroon dress clung tightly to her firm ass, the shape of which was enhanced by her high-heeled shoes. I ran my hand across the smooth fabric of the dress covering her butt while we walked.
Her hair was done perfectly. The summer sun had painted golden highlights across the curls of her brown hair. She had on more makeup than usual. The dark eye shadow and mascara made her eyes look even more beautiful than ever. The red lip-stick made me want to kiss her over and over. She looked hot!
"Do you want the top up or down?" I asked as we got into my car.
'Either is fine'.
I left the top down. As we drove to the restaurant, I had a hard time keeping my eyes on the road, and off my sexy wife. The wind blew the curls in her hair. The slightly wind blown look was very sultry. As we drove, I ran my hand up and down her soft thighs. As I slid my hand up between her legs and rubbed the front of her silky thong, an idea jumped into my head. I began wondering if I could talk her into giving me views up her dress and show me her panties at the nightclub we were heading to after dinner.
I could see the men waiting outside of the restaurant sneaking extra peeks of Sharon as we walked hand in hand from the car. It turned me on to see them lusting after her. To avoid the wait for a table, we decided to eat at the bar.
Sharon smiled knowingly when she saw my eyes staring down her dress as we talked and laughed while enjoying a drink before dinner. 'You look so sexy tonight gorgeous -- Thank You' I whispered in her ear and then kissed her on the neck. I snuck a quick taste of her with the tip of my tongue as my lips parted from her neck. She giggled quietly and ran her hand across my leg. She knew how much she was turning me on.
After we finished eating, I leaned over and gave her a deep kiss. The couple eating dinner on the other side of the bar was watching us, I loved it. 'You know what I think you should do when we get the club? I think you should spread you legs and flash me. I want to see that thong you are wearing.'
'We'll see,' she replied
She didn't say no!
As we drove to the nightclub, I ran my hand up and down her left thigh. I nudged the hem of her dress up higher so I could see more of her legs. The dress was now barely covering her at all. I love summer!
We were heading to a nightclub we had been to several times before to meet our friends, another couple that we have been friends with forever. The club is basically a middle-aged meat market. It is a great place for people watching and a great place to see sexy middle aged women dressed to the nines. Most of the clientele are well-to-do, divorced, and looking to get laid. As the night progresses, the grinding on the dance floor usually gets pretty intense.
Our friends were already there and seated at the table we had reserved when we arrived. 'Wow -- I see it is cleavage night' my buddy said as he checked out Sharon's dress while she sat down across the table from him. I took the seat to the left of my friend and the right of my wife, across the table from his beautiful wife. The waitress came by as soon as we sat down and took our order (martini for Sharon and beer for me). She was friendly and cute and turned out to be a great waitress too.
About half way through her martini, Sharon started getting more comfortable. She leaned into the back of her chair and slid her body down the seat a bit, raising the hemline on her short dress. She slipped her left foot out her high heel and ran her bare foot up my leg and into my lap. As she did so, she spread her legs a little bit apart, but kept them close enough that the few short inches of her dress was barley covering her crotch. I moved my head from side to side, but could not quite see her panties. She knew it; and was enjoying teasing me.
I was not the only one she was teasing. A man who had been sitting at a table alone across from me made his third trip past our table in about 2 minutes with his eyes glued to my wife. As he squeezed his way between Sharon's chair and the table behind her, he paused long enough to get a clear view down her dress. I grabbed her foot and rubbed it across my hard-on as I watched the lust on his face.
A slow song started so we decided to dance. I grabbed her hand and pulled her through the crowd to a small opening on the dance floor. I pulled her close to me as we started dancing to the music. The heels made her taller than usual, which made my hard-on land just above her pussy to rub against her tummy.
'I was impressed to see that you were actually trying to flash me.'
'I tried, but there is a man sitting at the bar behind you that has been staring at me. So, I didn't have an opportunity to flash you without him seeing' she whispered.
'I would enjoy it even more knowing he could see too.'
'I am wearing a flesh colored thong. From where he is sitting, he will think he is looking at a shaved pussy.'
'Perfect!' I told her. 'Knowing someone else is looking up your dress would be a major turn on.'
I ran my hand over her dress and down her ass until I could feel the cool flesh of her legs. As we continued to dance, I ran my hand slowly back up the back of her leg, under her dress. The fingers of my right hand were now rubbing the cheek of her ass. I suspect that her dress was covering my fingers and her bare cheek, but barely. I know the men behind her were hoping I would run my hand just a little higher and pull her dress out of the way. I teased it up so it showed a little of her ass, then I plunged my tongue into her mouth for a deep wet kiss. The song ended, so we returned to our table.
Back at the table, Sharon took a big drink out of her martini, slipped both her shoes off, and leaned back into her chair again. With the tips of her fingers, she pulled the hem of her dress up so that is was again barely covering her. As we chatted with our friends, she spread her legs wide and gave me a great view of the thong covering her neatly trimmed pussy. She had a wicked smile on her face as she grabbed her drink and took another sip. My eyes were wide and fixated on her panties. She placed her left foot into my lap and pointed her right knee the other direction so that her legs were spread even wider than before. My view was so good that I could see the shape of her lips through the thong. She took a couple more sips of her martini while continuing to provide me with a clear view up her dress. As she set her glass back onto the table, she closed her legs.
I leaned towards her and ran my hands up the outside of both of her legs until I had a hand on each bare cheek. I kissed her. I removed my hands from under her dress and began to lightly rub a finger up and down her exposed cleavage. My buddy started laughing. 'I like your dress, Sharon' he told her.
'Wearing it tonight is my birthday present' I told him.
'It is a nice present for me too' he told me as he stood up slightly to get a better view of her tits.
His wife slapped his arm and laughed at him 'You are horrible.' She told him. We were all having fun.
I leaned towards her again and this time ran a hand up the inside of her legs and pressed a finger into her thong, hard enough that I could feel a little wetness. 'Doesn't she look beautiful tonight?' I asked and kissed the exposed top of her left breast.
'Both ladies look hot tonight' my buddy said as he started French kissing his wife.
Sharon put her hand in my lap and started rubbing my cock. It felt incredible. I was really glad I hadn't worn any underwear.
We ordered another round and talked and laughed with our friends some more. Sharon continued to provide me a great show, with several more panty flashes, some lasting for more than a minute. The 'fly bys' on our table increased as several men made there way slowly by us, staring shamelessly at both sets of cleavage at our table. We danced and drank and enjoyed the night some more.
The warm night air felt great as we drove home with the top down. I had one hand on the wheel and the other up my wife's dress the whole way home. We went straight to our bedroom when we got home. I turned on the soft jazz cable TV channel and turned the lights out. The soft glow of the big screen provided a nice light in the room. I wanted to be sure I could see my wife.
I stripped naked and got in bed. I stroked my hard-on and waited for her while Sharon used the bathroom.
'Dance for me' I told her as she entered the room.
She was still wearing her dress, but had taken off her shoes. She walked over to the side of the bed next to me and started swaying her hips to the music. She continued to dance as she pulled her dress slowly up her legs. As the hem reached her crotch, I caught a glimpse of her pussy. She must have left her thong in the bathroom. She did the best strip tease I had ever seen for several minutes as I stared at her beauty. She pulled her bra off from under her dress and tossed it onto the bed next to me. Then she pulled her dress to the side and gave me a view of her right breast. I could feel a drop of pre-cum running over the head of my dick and down my shaft. Finally, she removed her dress completely. She was still dancing and was now completely naked.
She lowered her head to my crotch and slid my dick into her mouth. She let me fuck her mouth for a couple of minutes while I fingered her pussy. Her cunt was dripping wet. I slid two fingers deep into her. Sharon then removed my cock from her mouth and mounted me.
Sharon lowered her body onto my pole, which slid all of the way into her tight pussy. She gasped as the head of my dick pressed against the soft ceiling at the top of her canal. I licked her juices off of my fingers and then started rubbing her swollen clit. Sharon was now moaning loudly. I started fucking her hard. With each thrust upwards, my ass rose about 10 inches off the bed, lifting her body into the air. My fingers were rubbing her clit hard and fast. She had a hand on each breast and was rubbing her own nipples with her fingers.
I badly wanted to cum, but I was making myself wait. She was getting louder and louder and I knew was getting close. 'I love you. I love you. You are so fucking sexy, baby!' I told her as I continued to fuck her. 'It turned me on so much to know that the men behind me were staring up your dress. Thank you for letting me show off your beautiful body tonight baby.'
She let out a long loud moan as her body started to shake. Her pussy was getting even tighter as I continued to fuck her. As I felt her cumming I finally let my load go deep inside her. She kept riding me for several minutes and milked every last drop of cum out of my cock before collapsing on top of me.
The next morning as we lay in bed, I asked her if she would consider giving me another present.
'What's that?' she asked.
'When we go to Mexico this winter, will you bring that dress? I want to take you out dancing in it, but this time without any panties. I want you to show your bare pussy at the disco in Mexico, the same way you showed me your panties last night'.
'We'll see,' she replied
She didn't say no...