It was just a perfect day. Bright sunshine and a warm breeze greeted me as you headed out to the beach. You hadn't had any real opportunity this whole year to just go and soak up the sun. There was no way you were going to let anything or anyone derail your plans.
As you got to your car you popped open the door. Unslinging the only bag you had with you, you hastily reviewed the contents, trying to make sure you had everything you would need for a glorious day.
One beach blanket, okay not a blanket really. More like a slightly large towel, but it was the largest something of this type of thing you owned at the moment, besides bedsheets that is. One clutch purse, containing a little cash, a maxed out credit card, some odd ball miscellaneous things your father insisted you should always have and all the other items that prove you are you...check. One good book, two bottles of water, one almost empty bottle of suntan lotion, a couple of breakfast bars just in case and a really good book that someone told you to read.
Your cover up was a light sheer thing that really covered nothing, but the full one piece suit you had chosen was more than adequate. Its bright multicolored pattern had caught your eye at Penny's and you knew your mother would approve of it if she happened to see it in person or in pictures. It even had the silly frilly trim that only seemed to be on the ugliest of swim wear, I mean, you've never seen frilly trim on a Brazilian cut bikini have you?
You choose this suit for all the same reasons that other girls chose the skimpiest ones available. Only you weren't looking for the gawking attention. That wasn't your game at all, if it was you wouldn't be wearing the silliest sunshade hat that you could have found. Its oversized brim flopped around ridiculously in any wind and the multitude of small holes all over it made it only slightly efficient as a sunshade, but it helped with the illusion of a dumpy girl that wasn't worth a second look.
This was the exact look you were going for.
At just barely 5'4" and not much more than 112 pounds of nicely defined curves, it was hard to be taken for "just another slightly overweight, not very well dressed, girl of undetermined age." But you were sure, with your disguise in place, that that was what you presented. From a safe distance anyway.
Feeling pretty good that you had everything covered, you threw the beach bag into the passenger seat, as you slide in behind the wheel of your car. It was a little old, it was getting a little worn out, but it was all yours and it was taking you to the beach today. At least you hoped so.
Donning your oversized sunglass, you checked your mirrors, clicked your seatbelt in place, started the car and began the impatient thirty mile trip to the beach. This was your first adventure in your new home, something you had been looking forward too since the day you graduated from college. You were in a semi-euphoric state with all the new you had, a new apartment, a new job and now new places to go and see when you had time.
And you never know, maybe even a new guy, since you dumped the last one for cheating on you the night before graduation.
Other than the seemingly endless number of stupid drivers that were between you and some glorious sunbathing, the drive to the ocean was really uneventful. Arriving at the public parking area, you chose the furthest spot from the entrance that you could find.
This public beach was one that a friend of yours had given you directions to, along with a handwritten note describing where the best sunning locations were. She had even written down about how far you would have to walk to most of them, as best she could remember.
From the parking area you couldn't see the ocean, but you could hear it. The gentle swoosh of the waves coming into the shore seemed to beckon you.
You hurried and grabbed your beach bag, locked your car and headed thru the sand dunes that blocked your view of the ocean. The dunes weren't very high, maybe only four feet, but spaced out enough that you could walk a weaving path thru them, rather than up and over them. Something that you were grateful for, as the tops seemed to be overgrown with some type of tall grass.
As soon as you wove thru only a few of the dunes, your feet started to rub on the straps of the flip flops that you had worn. Kicking them off, you glanced behind you, thinking of maybe throwing them in the car. But deciding not too since you couldn't even see the car. So you simply picked them up and put them in your beach bag.
The change from sand dunes to beach was abrupt and stunning. The open expanse in front of you took your breath away. Waves coming in seemed to roll slowly as they moved forward, curling then crashing into the wet sand. A few seagulls flew overhead in the light breeze, waiting for an opportune moment to swoop down and pilfer a morsel of food from an unsuspecting beach goer.
This part of the beach was overly crowded. Too many families that had the same idea as you, only they all seemed to have brought every screaming kid they had with them.
Not paying any attention to the throngs of people you headed up the beach towards one of the furthest sunning areas that your friend had suggested. The note said it would take almost thirty minutes to walk there. But as long as you got peace, quiet, and privacy, it would be worth it.
After only a short time you began to notice that the entire beach ahead of you was totally empty. Well almost totally. There were a few people that seemed to be using metal detectors, a couple of people looking for seashells and one or two with dogs that were either playing in the surf or throwing their pet a Frisbee or ball.
You didn't pay too much attention to any of them though, you had drifted down to the frim sand that marked the current high water mark and had increased your pace slightly, trying to cut into the thirty minute estimate as best you could.
After a short while you stopped, setting you beach bag on some dry sand, you took out the note and tried to gauge your general progress. You really couldn't see any of the people that you had walked past, only an occasional whistle or some other loud sound would reach your ears. Taking a drink from your bottled water you rested for just a few minutes, enjoying the warm sun as it shone down on you from overhead.
Standing, you rose up on your toes, trying to see as far along the beach as you could. Then slowly you turned and scanned the dunes that bordered the beach. Convinced that there was no one that you could see, you put your water bottle back in the bag, then removed you cover up.
Glancing around one more time, you slipped the shoulder straps of your bathing suit off your shoulders, and then slowly began rolling the gaudy one piece off of your slim body.
You could feel your excitement build as you revealed more of yourself. Your breast were just barely uncovered, your nipples had hardened as soon as you had taken the cover up off. They seemed to know what was in store for them, and they were excited for the day to begin.
You could even feel a slight moistening between your legs. Something you knew would only get more noticeable, the lower you took the bathing suit. As soon as you had the suit rolled down below your breast you slipped your cover up back on. Its sheer material wouldn't hide anything up close, but at a distance it did a great job and would give you plenty of time to get your suit back on if the need arose.
Taking a deep breath, you slid totally out of your swim suit and hurriedly picked it up, rolling it in such a way that if you had to put it on fast, all you would have to do was step into the leg holes and unroll it upwards.
The feel of the light sea breeze on your skin was titillating, being so close to totally naked out in nature was a complete turn on to you, and the wetness that threatened to stream down your legs was all the proof you needed.
You giggled out of a slight sense of nervousness. You looked around one last time, then collected up your beach bag and resumed your trip to your new sunning spot.
As you watched the waves roll in one after the other, you were drawn to them. The day was hot and the sun beating down on you was somewhat relentless. Drifting towards the water you began to walk in the surf, trying not to wander out to far so that you could still make good progress, but out far enough that you could kick up water to help cool you off. The effect of the tiny water drops hitting your naked body in random spots was exciting. Especially when one would land on an exposed breast or the overheated area between your legs.
The more water you splashed onto you the more excited you became. Your only frustration was that your cover up was getting wet along with you. You turned to look back down the beach from where you came, there had been no one in sight and no sounds that you had noticed for quite a while now. You slid out of your cover up and stuffed it into your beach bag, keeping it on top just in case.
Now totally naked, you were really in your element. The thrill of total exposure was overwhelming to you. There was a deep urgency that was building between your legs, warmth that even the coolest water would not ever put out.
Your mind drifted as you walked, water splashing up on you, then slowly dripping down your body and legs. Sometimes drops would hang suspended from a hardened nipple, or collect into your belly button, then suddenly rush towards the tiny triangle of blonde hair that was on your mound.
If you thought about the water too much as it caressed your skin, you would have become overwhelmed. You would have moved back onto the dry sand, lay out your towel and begin to pleasure yourself right there. You tried hard to ignore the temptation and press on to your destination.
And no matter how horny or wet you got, you were going to get there before you gave in to it. If there was one thing you had learned about pleasure was that the journey was the pleasure. Take away the journey and what's left?
A dark smudge appeared on the horizon in front of you. If you had bothered to check the time when you got out of the car then you might have known how long you had been walking. But since you hadn't, you had no real idea. You did know it seemed that you had walked far enough, or at least long enough, that was for sure. But not knowing what the smudge was, you reluctantly slipped you cover up back on, just in case.
You quickened your pace as the smudge grew larger. It hadn't moved at all ever since you first saw it, and the closer you got too it the more you were convinced that it was your destination. By the time you could clearly see that it was a collection of large rocks about fifty feet back from the water's edge you were running thru the surf as fast as you dared. Your cover up was streaming out behind you, covering nothing but the tops of your shoulders.
Once you were almost directly below the rock outcropping, you turned and headed towards it. Looking at the odd collection of boulders that nature seemed to have placed here just for you. You walked up to them, clapping and giggling with glee. They were perfect, this place was perfect. The boulders were arranged in a letter U, with the open end towards the ocean. They stood about three feet tall, with a few even taller, but not by much.
Dropping your beach bag into your new favorite sunning spot, you threw off the cover up, goofy sun hat and sun glasses. Turning in circles, you threw your arms into the air in triumph. Gleefully jumping up and down at the sheer joy of the moment. You could feel every little jiggle and wiggle of your body as you jumped. Slowing you began to twirl, letting your arms stretch straight out, with your eyes closed and your face turned up to the bright sky.
It really was a glorious day. You felt the hot sun kiss every part of you as you turned. Your celebration was interrupted by the sound of the waves crashing onto the beach. You stopped spinning and just stood and stared out at the big blue ocean. It was so breathtaking that you actually forgot that you were standing naked, out in the open.
In fact you felt as if anyone with clothes on would be insulting this perfect display of nature.
You dropped to your knees to rummage around in the beach bag. There was nothing you could do about your overexposed areas that had pink'd up on the long hike. You silently cursed your forgetfulness as you rubbed the lotion into your skin, trying to pay extra attention to the areas that usually never saw sunlight.
As you rubbed the lotion in, you kept peering over the rocks, trying to catch any movement or signs of life. Assured that you were truly alone, you stood up slowly as you turned towards the water.
Your moment of truth had arrived.
It was one thing to be naked, at home or maybe even in a hot tub or sauna.
It was another to be naked where you weren't supposed to be, like at the swimming pool late at night, or even a golf course.
But it was the ultimate to be naked where you weren't supposed to be, and then leave everything behind. Putting distance between you and anything to cover you is a really scary, yet invigorating thrill.
Try it sometime if you think you can...shed every stitch...then run. Run as fast as you can for even just a little while...then stop. Look back to where you left all the things we use to feel safe and "proper".
Right now at this instant...you were ready to run.
Yours toes even twitched as if they were revving up to run a race. Even the uncontrollable giggles seemed right, as if they were the sound of your motor that was going to propel you into this erotic adventure.
"RUN...RUN..." you could feel the words loud and clear in your head.
And with a high pitched squeal and scream...you took off, running at a dead sprint across the fifty feet of open sand that lay between you and the cool water.
Even with the exertion of running you still giggled all the way to the water.
Once your toes splashed into the cool surf your giggle changed to a squeal. Your mind registered the sudden change from the warm sand to the cool water as a shock. Causing you to gasp as you feebly tried to block the spray from hitting your body with your outstretched hands.
You continued to surge forward though, even as your mind screamed for you to stop. Your momentum and excitement had taken over, even the bouncing of your breasts seeming to add to the surge of momentum you felt.
Knee deep...thigh deep...the next wave was curling towards you, it seemed bigger that the ones before.
You realized too late that it was going to hit you at about the height of your breasts, you tried to turn away as you closed your eyes, stretching your hands in front of you to ward off you impending wet doom. You felt the wave surge into your body, the cool water splashing salt water and foam up the curve of your breasts, some going as high as your shoulder length blonde hair.
It definitely did its job, quickly cooling your hot skin. Although there was still a certain part of you that felt so hot that it seemed that nothing would cool it at all. The urge to do something about it had been with you since you had shed the last of your clothes.
But just dropping to the sand at some random spot on your adventure would have...well it would have just cheapened the entire day. It would have made this entire day about that, self-pleasure of the cheapest kind.
And there was no way you were going to settle for that.
You swam out a little further to get away from the surf line, letting the gentle waves roll under you, lifting you just moments before they ended their existence as they crashed into the sand. It made you feel as if you were a part of the ocean, part of this wonderful world.
You swam on your back and gazed up into the sky, totally mindless of anything other than the feel of the cool water. Even your nipples seemed to be overly excited, stiffening more and more it seemed every time a wave teased them.
As time went on you began to feel a tiny bit uneasy. Maybe it was that the day was just perfect, and something bad was surely going to happen eventually. Or maybe it was that you had a deep seated fear of things you can't see...like sharks.
But either way you felt that you had been in the water long enough, now it was time to get some serious sunning done. Besides, what if something really terrible did happen...like being swept out to sea in an uncontrollable undertow...or worse yet, being kidnapped by pirates.
Your imagination ran away with you...
...The nightly news would carry the story for sure. Because... well, that's what they do.
Of course someone, perhaps a seashell seeker would find your discarded things in the tiny alcove. The police would come and do an investigation, but without a body all they could do was speculate.
The news caster, sounding concerned and very grave, would be asking for any information regarding the possible underhanded disappearance of the naked woman at the beach. Of course there are no leads, other than the police knowing she was naked because, well, they found all of her clothes.
Of course they would give a phone number to call in case anyone found the naked woman, or just wanted to talk more about the naked woman at the beach.
Then of course they would break away to your tearful mother, making an impassioned plea for the person or persons, or perhaps pirates that had obviously kidnapped her naked only daughter to please...clothe her!
Your father wouldn't say anything as he stood beside your mother, because...well frankly...he still couldn't believe you were running around a beach somewhere totally naked...
By the time your feet found solid shifting sand under them, you were having a hard time controlling your laughter. Your imagination did have a tendency to carry you away now and then.
As you walked thru the surf towards the dry sand, you noticed that the rocks, where you had left your things, were not where you thought they would be. You glanced up and down the beach, and were surprised to spot what you were sure was them, a good distance from you to your left.
For a fleeting moment you were disoriented, trying to figure out how you had gotten so far from any real cover. The feeling was exhilarating though, being this exposed. You felt the warm breeze on your wet skin, raising little goose bumps all over your naked body.
Closing your eyes you gave in to the sensation, letting your fingers glide over your curves. Stopping only to pinch or rub one of your nipples until they both were painfully hard.
Without even thinking you sat down on the damp sand, having turned to face out to the water. You had your legs bent with your knees were spread wide, letting both the sun and the breeze caress your pussy. You soaked up the sensations, leaning back you reached one hand behind you for support, letting your free hand continue to tease you as it slowly brushed tiny bits of sand off of your delicate skin.
Since you had already conjured up pirates it was little wonder that you began to imagine a small rowboat rising and falling in the distant swells as it approached the beach. It would be too far out for anyone to see you clearly, but it was definitely heading towards you.
As it drew nearer you could hear the leader of the pirates urging his men to row faster. Giggling you imagined that you wanted to give the pirates a little show before you would dash off to hide in the sand dunes.
Staring straight out to sea you let your fingers begin to caress the soft folds of your pussy. Teasing your fingertips over the delicate lips you began to feel yourself moisten and open up, allowing the cool breeze to caress your delicate opening.
You gasped at the feeling as your own moisture was cooled by the breeze, chills ran thru your body as the pirates drew nearer and nearer. Staring straight into the eyes of the pirate leader, you slowly cupped your hand over your sex, then smiling directly at him, you spread yourself open as far as you could, pressing your middle finger deep inside.
You felt your breath come in tiny gasps as you saw him smile, he knew what you wanted, and he and his men were here to give it to you.
His deep blue eyes held yours as he watched you, seeming to add his heated lust to the wonderful work your fingers were doing. His sun tanned dark skin showed the years of exposure to the sea and wind. His rugged good looks and his Errol Flynn like demeanor fueled your desire, making you want him to capture you.
He exuded confidence and strength in just his stance. Much more confidence and strength than he would ever need to subdue you, making you do whatever he demanded...if he ever caught you.
You felt close, so close your finger plunged into you over and over, driven by the combination of your real exposure and your imagined peril. You could feel your mind trying to hold off your impending climax, not wanting to finish, not just yet.
Your eyes traveled down to watch your middle finger push in as deep as it could, then slowly withdraw totally covered with your juices. It glistened in the sunlight, catching your imaginary pirate's eye, as well as your own.
You saw him lick his lips in a most suggestive manner as he tried to distract you long enough for them to get ashore.
But you laughed at their futile attempts, wagging the soaked finger at them in an obvious gesture to show that you would not be so easy. You weren't even concerned that the finger you held aloft, displaying a delicious coating of your juices, was your middle finger.
Rather you were delighted to see the anger rise in the pirate's eyes, rage and lust coming to the surface in his raw expression. You flinched, then taking a deep breath you smiled coyly at him, slowly and deliberately you licked up every tiny morsel of dew. Moaning and teasing loud enough for all of his pirate friends to hear your delight as their boat crested the final wave.
It was almost enough, just tasting yourself had caused your already pulsating pussy to spasm and gush.
Swirling your tongue around your finger one final time you noticed more than an odd grain or two of sand that had somehow made it into your mouth. Sighing, you slowly removed your finger cleaning it with your tightly pressed lips.
Your pirates were nowhere to be seen.
It was probably the sand that had done it, or perhaps it was a silly seagull that had seemed to take offense to what you were doing and had started its insane screaming as it swooped overhead. Either way the moment was lost, but not the little bits of sand in your mouth.
Raising to your feet you decided to wade out one last time, to make an effort to wash as much of the sand off and out of you as you could. You finished with one final dunk of your entire body, hair and all, under the cool water. Then using your fingers you swept and smoothed out your wet hair as you returned to the shore.
You found that you kept looking towards the sand dunes, trying to relax and believe that you were truly alone, yet not being able to shake the last tiny doubt. Fighting the urge to walk fast or even run, you decided instead to take your time and hunt for seashells.
Keeping to the hard sand near the surf line you walked with your eyes down, refusing to do anything but concentrate on finding the best seashells that you could. By the time you had covered the distance back to the same spot where you had entered the ocean, you had six or seven lovely seashells. You had kept the prettiest for souvenirs of this perfect place. Turning you headed towards the alcove where your stuff was waiting, giggling and skipping a little as you drew close.
Once you had laid out your towel, sipped some water, applied a new coating of tanning lotion as best you could, and positioned your beach bag to be used as a foot rest, you were ready to lie down and just relax. The little towel you had with you wasn't long enough for you to entirely lie on, but using the beach bag as a foot rest your legs wouldn't be in the sand too much if at all.
Besides, the ocean had been pushing sand into this little alcove for some time apparently. Its slope towards the ocean was more than the normal beach, but it was still comfortable, and all you had to do was look up and you were seeing out to sea as far as the eye could see.
With your floppy sun hat protecting your already overexposed face you relaxed and tried to do some reading. But you found it difficult to get into the story. Every now and then you would hear something, or imagine you would hear something. And each time you would rise up slowly onto your knees to peer over the rocks.
Once you were sure that you were alone, you would try to relax again, chastising yourself for being such a nervous ninny.
"So what if someone came by...it's not like they can see anything, unless they looked into this tiny outcropping of rocks." Your self-spoken words seemed to steel your nerves, affirming your resolve to not give in to irrational fears and phantom sounds.
So many times in your past you had "chickened out" for lack of a better expression. You had found secluded spots before, or at least secluded enough that you could have been naked in the sun. But your irrational fears had always held sway over your suppressed exhibitionistic nature.
Even when you had ventured to a partial or fully nude beach your insecurities had caused you so much distress that you had kept your bathing suit on and had always left totally frustrated with your own weakness.
"Well not today" you resolved stubbornly. Thinking to yourself that if you could face down pirates you could stand up to anything, you smiled.
Lowering yourself back down onto your towel, you laid face down to allow the sun to work its wonders on the rest of you. You let your eyes close, promising yourself that you wouldn't react to every tiny little sound...no matter what.
You could almost see your pirates face, he would be smiling at your strength and resolve. He was so handsome, your imagination clarifying his features for you as you dreamily stared into his deep blue eyes.
A loud boom briefly interrupted your fantasy, "just a wave" you thought as you held firm to your promise to be brave and not reacting irrationally.
After a few moments you heard the sound repeated, just in time to satisfy you that it was indeed a part of the rhythm of the ocean waves. Smiling, you applauded yourself silently. Acknowledging that you were strong and marvelous and there was no reason at all to worry.
You let your mind drift again, trying to reengage with the gorgeous pirate.
Only once more did you rise up onto your knees to look around. You felt as if you might have drifted off to sleep, but when you looked up at the sun it was still bright overhead and you were sure that not too much time had gone by. But seeing nothing, you merely laid back down, turning to lay with your front exposed to the warm sun.
Over what must have been the next thirty minutes or so, you continued to enjoy the sun. Occasionally a large wave would boom, or a seagull would scream. Even once in a great while you would hear a dog bark faintly in the distance, seemingly in response to some even fainter whistle.
But you gave little attention to any of it as you stayed calm and relaxed, knowing that you would be gathering your things and heading back to your car in just a little while.
Even a louder shrill sound of a whistle didn't bother you enough for you to get up to look. It sounded too far off still and you knew that sound carried over water much better than it ever did over land.
It was only when you heard a weird sound that you even bothered to open your eyes. It sounded like some kind of puffing sound, but it wasn't a sound that you readily recognized. It almost sounded like one of those big diesel engines, you know, the kind that puffs out huge billows of smoke as it chugs along.
You moved you floppy sun hat up so that you could see out to the ocean, half expecting to see some kind of boat go by, way out in the ocean. You were mildly surprised and somewhat disappointed when there was nothing out there but blue water. But now that you were more alert, you were sure that whatever was making that sound was getting nearer.
You turned and got onto your knees, peering over the rocks towards the sand dunes behind your section of the beach. Confused because you couldn't see anything there, you decided that you should probably get your suit on. Besides, it was getting later and the long walk back to the car still lay ahead of you. You turned while remaining on your knees, but as you began to reach for your beach bag the source of the weird puffing sound became apparent.
Only know it wasn't puffing, or rather HE wasn't puffing, he was growling.
A somewhat large black dog had snuck up to your alcove while you were looking the other way. He was lying near your feet with one corner of your towel gripped tightly in his very large teeth. His growl had been some kind of warning as you had reached for your beach bag. He probably thought you were trying to get him to let go of the towel, you reasoned.
For some reason you weren't afraid of him though, at least once you were over the initial shock. He was even wagging his tail as he continued to tug on your towel and growl. You tried to "shoooo" him away, waving your hands at him.
You even tried to talk nice to him "good doggie...you don't want this icky towel...where's your owner?" But no matter what you said he just kept trying to tug on the towel as he growled.
Since you didn't have any real experience with dogs you weren't too sure what would be safe to try. You were thinking of trying to grab your beach bag, but it was actually further from you than the dog. You would have to try to get past him somehow if that was your plan.
You could try to climb up on the closest rock, then scoot over to the end and drop down onto the sand behind the dog, grabbing the beach bag as you landed. But that would have to be a last resort, it sounded risky and you might even get a little scratched up on the rocks.
You sat for a second as the dog continued his game of solo tug-o-war, when a brilliant idea came to mind.
Your floppy sun hat!
You would tease the dog with it, and then throw it so the dog would chase it. Hell the dog could have it for all you cared.
"Here boy...let's play fetch," you took the floppy hat off your head and waved it in front of the dog
You tried to talk cheerful, even trying to sound a little playful as you enticed him. It seemed to be working. He stopped growling and his eyes were definitely watching the floppy hat, but he hadn't let go of the towel.
With as strong a throw as you could you tossed the floppy hat, "go fetch!" you exclaimed excitedly.
The floppy hat fluttered as it sailed thru the air, but the dog didn't go fetch the way he was supposed to. He merely followed the flight of the hat as it sailed off to his right, then looked back at you, then back to the fluttering hat. When he turned the second time to watch the hat you tried to tug the towel free from him. He hadn't loosened his grip on it though, and all that did was alert him to your ploy, oh and reinvigorate his efforts to get the towel from you.
He was really pulling on the towel hard now, growling fiercely as he did so. You could feel it slipping slightly as the sand under you started to give way. You actually began to think he might be able to drag you AND the towel away. Swearing softly you seemed to be acknowledging that you were at the most desperate point of this battle. Your next move might very well decide the outcome, or so it seemed.
You shifted up onto your knees, looking around as much as you could without taking any of your weight off of the towel. So far there had been no sign of the dog's owner, and if you hadn't seen the slim collar around his neck you would have considered him a stray.
"Okay buster...it's you and me...and I'm smarter than you, so I'm going to win" you said, trying to exert some sort of defiance in your tone to take control of the dog.
You noticed that your words did have some effect. His ears perked up, and instead of pulling on the towel he was cocking his head side to side, while you spoke. Feeling like you had the upper hand you tried a new tactic.
"Go get the hat doggie" you commanded, or tried to anyway, as you pointed in the direction of the hat. He just wagged his tail at you, cocking his head once again.
Frustrated you finally decided to use your emergency plan. Slowly you pushed yourself up to a standing position, trying to make sure that you didn't ease up on the weight you had on the towel. Then as fast as you could you jumped to the rock on your right.
Although it was a pretty good jump that you pulled off, it was neither graceful nor successful, at least in terms of getting all the way onto the rock. You banged your left shin hard on the rock as you clambered onto it, hitting it hard enough to elicit a squeal from as you pulled yourself up.
The dog moved when you jumped. He had jumped also, but thankfully not onto the rock, rather with his front paws just up against it, his huge mouth very near your face as he barked furiously at you.
His quick movement had startled you, but his barking was simply scaring you to death. You just knew he was going to bite you, you could already imagine his really big teeth sinking into your exposed flesh. Propelled by fear you tried to crawl over the rough surface, feeling the sharp edges biting into your hands and knees as you moved convincing you to try to stand.
The combination of the fear and the pain in your leg had caused you to start crying. Even your breathing was ragged, coming in short gasps and gulps. You could feel every part of you trembling as you tried to stand, wanting to get your face away from the snapping jaws of the dog.
As soon as you were upright you felt a surge of confidence, fleeting in its form, but definitely there. You turned and looked down at the dog, pointing a finger at him and screaming,
"NO...NO...NO...BAD DOGGIE..."
There was no doubt your words had an effect on the dog. He had dropped back down onto his four paws, even retreating a little from you, backing out of the little alcove. Only instead of this helping the situation, it only seemed to make matters worse. He was now, more or less, standing over your beach bag as he continued to bark at you. You could jump back down now and grab the towel, but for some reason you were fixed on your goal of the beach bag.
"Oh no doggie...good boy...come here..." you even patted your leg and tried to sound nice. You wanted him to get away from the beach bag, if he moved back to the towel it would be just one big step then a jump and you would win. But he didn't move towards you.
He did stop barking though, that at least was an improvement. He seemed to be thinking about what you were doing as you continued to try to tease him back into the alcove, even as you pretended to reach for the towel.
The next few moments seemed to move in slow motion, the dog watched and listened, following your hands every move as you desperately kept trying to get him to obey. He would shift from you, to the towel, to the beach bag, then back again to you. Suddenly he seemed to make a decision, right about the time you also realized the error you had made.
You both moved at the same time, only he was so much closer than you, his head start was an insurmountable lead. You took one big step, then screamed,
"NOOOOOOOOOO...BAD DOOOGGGGIIIEEEE", as you watched him run as fast as he could with your beach bag in tow.
You had to stop him. He was heading for the sand dunes at an incredible rate. Without leaving the rocks you turned and intending to try to chase him. But as you looked in the direction that you would chase the insane dog...you froze.
There was a man standing there, his face seemed frozen in an expression of shock and amazement. As soon as your mind registered his presence you pointed at the dog and started screaming,
"STOP HIM...STOP THAT DAMN DOG..." jumping up and down as you screamed over and over.
The man didn't move though, not that much anyway. For some reason he just stood there, his head going up and down, just like you were, as you were screaming at him and jumping excitedly. He was only about forty feet from you, there was no way he wasn't hearing you, unless he was deaf that is.
And why the hell was his head nodding "yes".
The only thing you could think of was, "shit what a MORON...of all the people who come to my rescue, I get a bobble head doll."
You glanced at the dog, watching just as the tip of his tail disappeared into the sand dunes a few hundred feet from where you were. You turned to jump from the rocks and give chase, but you must have moved closer to the edge than you knew.
Just as soon as you turned, your right foot slipped on the edge of the rock. Your foot flew out from under you, you kind of landed on your right butt cheek with your left foot still up on the rock. The pain shot up thru your rear end and hit you like the hardest spanking you had ever had.
You didn't scream though, you didn't have the air to scream. In fact the only sound that was made was the solid slap as your hind end hit, and a long "Oooooaaafffff" as all the air in your lungs was forced out.
Even after you had tumbled down to the sand, more or less face first, you still didn't scream. The pain was terrible, it seemed to be all you could think about. It was even controlling your breathing, or rather the lack of any. This was rather fortunate, since there was so much sand in your mouth that breathing thru it might have been impossible anyway. All you really could do was lie there and moan, waiting for the pain to somehow go from totally consuming to a more acceptable throbbing.
"Hey...you okay?" you heard the man call out to you.
Your mind raced.
"Shit...shit...shit" was all your mind could register, along with the pain of course. You opened your mouth to say something, but tasting the sand, instead of speaking words you just spat over and over again, trying to get enough sand out to talk.
You grabbed the towel, pulling it to around you as best you could, as long as he didn't get to close you would be "covered". It really wasn't large enough but it was all you had left after that damn dog had ran off with your things. Trying to stand, you slowly pushed against the soft sand, holding the towel together in front of you with one hand, and pushing against the rock for support with the other. You looked up to see that the man had come much closer to the rocks than when you had first seen him.
"Why didn't you stop that stupid dog..." you demanded. The combination of the pain along with the humiliation of falling had made you quite angry.
He just stood there, his mouth opening and closing like some fish gasping for air.
"I was screaming at you...you had to have seen him", your tone hadn't let up one bit. You watched as he half turned to look in the direction that the dog had escaped in.
He turned back to you, "are you okay?" he asked again, his voice calm and flat, and the exact opposite of your own.
"No...No I'm NOT OK", you screamed. You could feel the tears forming as everything that had happened in the last few minutes seemed to overwhelm you.
"WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU..." you screamed.
He held out his hands in a surrender gesture, seeming to give up on any effort to help you as he turned, looking in the general direction that the dog had ran off in. Then turning back towards you as if he was waiting for you to do something.
"I was just asking..." he said, his tone still flat and calm.
Even in the face of the greatest tragedy of your entire life. His entire demeanor was really starting to get under your skin. How could he not help you, and now how could he be so cavalier as to imply that YOU were being difficult. He had taken a step or two away from you, but was still more or less watching you.
"No wait...I'm really sorry...," you didn't really want him to leave you stranded like this, and he needed to know that you really did need help. When you saw him step back you almost panicked and screamed STOP. But thankfully it had come out in your normal voice.
"...it's just that...he took everything..." trying to say what you meant without really saying what that meant.
"Everything?" his eyebrows going up a bit as his eyes glanced down to the towel.
You felt like he was toying with you.
"Yes everything...you saw me on the rock when that damn dog..." your words trailed off as the reality of what you said hit you. You could see the amusement in his eyes as he watched you blush, from every inch of you he couldn't see, right up to the very tip of you that he could see just fine.
Your mind was in a panic.
"How much had he seen?"
Other than the obvious amount of everything, like when you were standing on the rock screaming, oh and of course when you fell.
Did he watch you jump up onto the rock? Of course he did!
Did he watch you when you were on your hands and knees...from behind you? You bet!
Was the bobble head routine because of your boobs as you jumped up and down? We have a winner!
Without saying a word you dropped to your knees. The embarrassment of what he might have seen was too much for you to take all at once. You put your hands to your face and cried.
You don't really know how long you cried for, it seemed to be a long time but in reality it was probably only for a few seconds. As you tried to regain your composure you heard the man talking.
"Hey...I'm sorry..." he said, although you weren't really sure what he was apologizing for. Unless, of course, it was for being an idiot bobble head.
He sounded somewhat muffled, as if he was further away. But it didn't sound like he was talking loud at all, in fact his voice was soothing and you found that you relaxed as he talked.
"I'll get your stuff...just give me a minute..."
You dared to look up, peeking over the rocks to where you were sure he would be. But he wasn't there. You glanced right and left with your eyes,
"Please...I can't leave without that bag...it has everything in it..." you pleaded with him.
"Okay...just stay calm...you're safe..." he said softly.
The closeness of his voice startled you. He must be just on the other side of the rocks, but either sitting or kneeling so you couldn't see each other.
"Thank you"your tone softening, knowing that he could hear you.
His presence near you was having an amazing effect on you as you knelt in the sand. Your body was calm but there was an excited tremble to every part of you. Even your breathing was now close to normal, not a hint of anxiety or fear was propelling the air in and out of your lungs.
You dared to peek over the rocks just after you heard what sounded like him walking away. Your eyes took in the form of his body. He wasn't very tall it seemed, maybe just about six feet. His hair seemed to be a darker blonde than your own, maybe a sun bleached or dirty blonde would be more accurate. But his broad back suggested that he was really in shape, and tan.
You could see the muscles flex and move as his arms swung easily at his side. The only item of clothing he had on was a pair of board shorts that seemed to be slightly loose around his middle, but tight over his cute rear end. Even his legs, the part you could see below the bottom edge of the board shorts, were nicely toned and tanned.
You were more than happy to watch him as he walked towards the dunes, your eyes enjoying every little ripple of movement the board shorts made. You had even gotten up a little higher onto your knees, to improve your view of course, without even realizing that the towel you had around you was not there anymore.
When he suddenly stopped, you ducked back down a little bit, afraid that he might turn and catch you watching him. Your silly school girl fears made you giggle, bringing back the memories of all the times you would turn and blush when a boy caught you looking. But he never looked back at you, and thankfully he didn't seem to hear you giggling either.
He was just standing there, looking left and right, as if he was trying to decide which way to go. He was brushing some sand from the seat of his board shorts though so you really didn't mind if he took a few minutes, as long as the sand held out anyway.
The sound of a very high pitched shrill whistle seemed to emit from the guy. Answered soon by a series of barks that sounded somewhere off to his left, and way behind the dunes. Because that was the direction he turned when he heard the barks. He whistled again, admittedly it was the loudest human created whistles you had ever heard, only this time they were short and rapid. As if he was trying to communicate something to the dog.
To your amazement the dog appeared, running as if his tail was on fire. You watched as the man moved towards the dog, then kneeled just as the dog drew up short and sat in front of him, wagging his tail furiously. You watched incredulously as the man rubbed the dog's ears, then took something from his pocket and let the dog eat it.
"What the...he was rewarding the mongrel?" You thought as you fought down the urge to yell at him. But you bite your tongue as you watched them seem to talk, well the man talked and the dog just sat there and ate whatever the man had given him. Suddenly the dog was running again. He was heading for the dunes, more or less in the general area of where he had come out from. The man jogged along, trailing him, never once had he turned to see if you were watching.
As soon as the guy had disappeared behind the dunes you stood up. Your right hip, left shin, and right butt cheek hurt like hell. But you just had to get out of this sand. That and try to get the stupid little towel wrapped around you enough to somewhat cover you, just in case he came back empty handed.
You tried to brush the sand from you, even using the towel, which didn't really seem to help. You were amazed at how covered you were. You could even feel sand in your hair. It felt as if you had been rolled and dipped in the biggest sand bucket ever, and every grain seemed to stick like it was glued to you. Apparently the suntan lotion was some kind of adhesive for the stuff.
You looked back up towards the dunes, the dog and the guy both seemed to be nowhere around. For a brief second you feared that he had just left you stranded, but something in his voice and mannerisms calmed you as you thought about it. He had sounded kind, compassionate even.
He had never once commented on seeing you naked, sure his eyes had shown that he had seen you, but he hadn't given you those creepy leering looks that perverts always seem to have. And he hadn't tried to peek over the rocks, well maybe he had, but you wouldn't blame him really if he had tried to. Instead he had sat down and given you some privacy, or so it seemed anyway.
You pulled the towel around you, this time leaving the open side along your right, rather than in front like you had had it before. It was just barely long enough to overlap about three inches, not nearly enough if there was wind or movement of any kind. But it was all you had, and it would have to do.
Looking off to your right you spotted the sun hat. It wasn't really what you were hoping to see, but it was a start. And right now every stich, no matter how ridiculous, would help. Besides you could feel your face really heat up when you turned just enough that the late afternoon sun was on it.
You glanced one last time towards the sand dunes, you hadn't heard anymore whistles or barks for a good two minutes now. Timidly you left the safety of the rocks, walking slowly towards where your floppy hat was lying on the sand. It had really only flown a few yards, if you could call it flying. But the wind had pushed it across the sand some and it was far enough from the rocks that if the guy showed back up you would have no chance to get back to the rocks before he saw you.
The reality of this hit you.
Here you are...
You had come out today to the beach to do exactly what?
You began to feel ashamed at how your fear had allowed so much to happen. You so desperately wanted to be able to be comfortable with being naked, but with just one other person present you had crawled right back into your shell.
Oh yeah, and one dog too. But the dog didn't matter, you hadn't even thought about being naked when it was just you and the dog.
"Why couldn't he be some lady..." you thought irrationally, as if that would have changed how you had reacted.
"Maybe I'm not ready..." you admitted to yourself.
Truthfully your desire to display yourself was so much deeper than just sunbathing, and you knew it. It was the thrill that drove you, the thrill of shocking someone and the thrill of doing something that was...well...naughty. You had just never really pushed yourself to go all out with it though, at least not before today anyway.
You reached down to get your sun hat from the sand. The towel fell away from you in front as you bent, letting the cool breeze reach your sun kissed skin. Your nipples hardened with the unexpected stimulation of the wind. You looked up towards the sand dunes, only now you wished the guy would be standing there. He would see you out in the open, the tiny towel just barely enough to hide you from his eyes.
But he wasn't there. There was no one there. You wondered if he had been. Would you have dropped the towel? You wanted to believe you would have, but some little part of you wasn't so sure. You sighed in resignation, turning to look out over the ocean as you tried not to get too down on yourself for your fear.
Perching the floppy sun hat on your head you turned to walk back towards the rocks, something rolling in and out with the tide caught your eye though. It was hardly noticeable since it was mostly covered in sea foam, but if it was something from the beach bag you wanted to gather it up. When you got near to it you saw it was one of the water bottles you had brought with you. You almost jumped with joy at the discovery.
You quickly grabbed it and blew the foam off from around the cap, opening the bottle with a single twist as you did so. In your excitement the towel had slipped but you had more or less caught it with one arm by pinning it to your side. But you really didn't care. Just getting some fresh water to rinse the sand out of your mouth was worth the price of standing naked on the beach. Heck you would have traded the guy the towel for a bottle of water in a blink, and now you had the water AND THE TOWEL.
You filled you mouth several times, swishing the slightly warm clean water around in your mouth, before spitting it onto the sand. You were standing so that you could see the sand dunes, just in case your mystery man reappeared.
Not that you would have ran and hidden behind the rocks, you were just tired of being surprised and really were hoping that he would bring your beach bag soon. Without it you would need to find a phone and a ride home.
You could still feel a few grains of sand hiding under your tongue. As you tried to dislodge them so that you could wash them out you remembered how totally covered in sand the rest of you was. You were standing in the surf line, the cool water lapping at your feet every few seconds as you slowly sank into the wet sand.
You moved up to drier sand, then took the floppy sun hat off your head and set it on the sand, using the water bottle to weigh it down. You glanced up to the sand dunes one last time, then took the towel off, shook it as hard as you could, then folded it and laid it on the hat also.
Turning you ran out into the surf, diving thru the breaking waves as soon as the water was barely thigh deep. You gasped as soon as you emerged from under the water when you dove in the first time. The abrupt coolness shocked your entire body, but the burning from your right leg was enough to take your breath away entirely.
You felt for the bottom with your toes, you didn't want to go out too far because you really just wanted to get the sand off of you, and not get drowned in the process. You seemed to be in about four feet of water, it was up to your breasts almost.
Some of the waves would surge in and the water would just about reach your chin, but then when they receded you could almost see your belly button. Though the best thing was that you could just lay back a little bit and the wave would seem to wash your hair as it rolled over you slightly.
You let your hands rub your body all over, focusing on the creases that seemed to always get invaded by the granules. Trying to ignore the pain in your legs and back side as you forced your body to relax.
*BARK...BARK...BARK...*
Your eyes flew open. You didn't really remember closing them but apparently you had. And that stupid dog had caught you totally flatfooted, well floating flatfooted actually. His sudden barking had startled you, causing you to move to fast and sending new and exciting pain impulses straight to your brain.
You struggled to find your footing, careful to not try to move to fast, even though your heart rate was quite high. You moved towards the beach, pushing against the sea water as you waded in. You never took your eyes off the maniac dog though. He seemed content to just watch you though, sitting there next to the little pile of things that you had set down before you went into the water.
"Good boy..." you said to him, hoping that he would appreciate your friendly attitude towards him. He wagged his tail and lay down on the sand. Your smile widened as you realized just how cute he really was. His black fur was shiny and healthy, and his eyes were bright and intelligent. You could tell he was well cared for and had a happy life.
Your confidence grew as you got nearer to your things, with just a few steps to go you were almost giddy with this change in events.
Then he moved...
Not much mind you, but enough that your steps faltered ...you held your breath hoping that the good doggie stayed just like he was.
His rump had come up off the sand. You know, like when a dog wants you to do something and they are getting ready to play? Yeah, like that. Only he also had laid his head next to your towel. He hadn't grabbed it though, so you knew there was still hope.
"Good boy...that's a good boy..." you said as nicely as you could. You dared to take one step closer.
As your foot moved you watched him open his mouth slowly, amazingly almost as slowly as your foot moved. By the time your toes touched the sand, he had a corner of the towel in his teeth. But he wasn't running, and his tail was still wagging furiously.
You were only about five feet from your towel, and five feet from the dog too.
"Good boy...bring me the towel...come here..." you said, almost in a whisper as you patted your leg.
He tilted his head, but didn't move, though you could hear the faint rumblings of a growl starting deep in his belly.
You tried to just slide your left foot closer, hoping that he wouldn't really notice your movement. But he cocked his head to the left, looked at you with what you would swear was a smirk...then bolted...the towel flapping in the wind as he raced for the dunes.
"NNNOOOOOOOOO...BAD, BAD, BAD, DOOOGGGIIEEEE..." ,your scream was as shrill as it was loud, and you were sure all the people way down where you had parked your car heard you.
You grabbed everything you had left, the floppy sun hat and the water bottle, chasing after the dog as you kept up a steady barrage of curses and screams. The pain in your legs and rump made the going difficult at best, and the pain had you nearly in tears after only about thirty feet or so.
"If I had a gun I would shoot that dog" you muttered angrily as you came to a stop, realizing the futility of chasing the dog at all. Resigned to your fate, you sank to the warm sand, plopping the sun hat on your head as you did so.
You sipped your water sparingly, even though you wanted to gulp it down. You could feel the effects of the long day in the sun taking its toll on you, and now with the exertions and the injuries you had lost your will to fight. You sat and watched the area of the dunes that the dog had last disappeared into, hoping against hope that he would reemerge.
"UH...where's your towel?"
The voice startled you, but since it came from behind you, you didn't turn around. You just turned your head slightly.
"Did you hear me scream?" you tried to make your voice as innocent as you could.
"No..." he said, then "oh...wait, that was you?" his voice took on a rather incredulous tone.
You pulled the floppy sun hat off your head slowly, then holding it with both hands at the top of the brim, you held it front of your breasts sort of, with the bottom of the brim resting on your thighs, kind of. You slowly rose up just high enough onto your knees so that you could turn around, hoping that by some small miracle he had your beach bag.
When you didn't see it, the impact of your reality was overwhelming. In utter defeat you just started to cry, not caring what happened anymore, not caring one tiny little bit.
You didn't even care that you were sitting on the sand again,
"He stole it..." you sobbed, trying to hide your tears with the floppy brim of the sun hat.
You felt his presence because he blocked out the warm sun, then you felt him slowly take you in his arms as he knelt beside you, pulling you close as he tried to console you.
You looked up at him, his kind face was so close to yours. Your blurry vision though was clear enough for you to see his soft brown eyes, he seemed to be almost crying also.
The impact of his gaze stunned you.
"He cares..." you knew it, "and he's cute too." were the two thoughts that flew thru your mind as you looked at him.
Followed immediately by the totally irrational thought, "...he must be gay!"
He felt the tension in you easing, along with a slight reduction in your sobbing.
"It's fine...everything will be fine..." he said, hoping to help you to get your tears under control.
Your mind though couldn't even begin to fathom how he could think "everything will be fine?"
"This is all I have!" you retorted, angrily trying to pry the floppy sun hat from between the two of you.
It pulled free when he realized what you were trying to do, and let up on his embrace of you slightly. Your hand flew up with the sun hat firmly grasped by the brim, close enough to his face though that you felt him flinch back to keep from getting hit. But you didn't care, you reached for the water bottle that you had set in the sand.
"This damn hat...and this damn bottle are all that damn dog left me!" you almost screamed at him. You had thrust both items out in front of you, demanding that he acknowledge that this was all there was left.
You were even tempted to throw the bottle at him, just to make sure he really knew how upset you were.
Your abrupt actions, along with your obvious renewed anger had alarmed the young man enough that he had leaned back from you. You noticed though, that even though there was a reaction from him, his eyes never hardened. He still held the soft gaze as he looked at you. There was even a tiny smile playing with one corner of his very sexy mouth that twitched just enough to catch your attention.
"You know it's illegal to be sunbathing nude here..." he said in a light teasing, but still soft tone.
You could see the slight humor come to his eyes, and he even had the nerve to smile just a little bit as he made his comment.
It wasn't what you had expected him to say, not in the least. You sat there too stunned to even talk for a moment. Your mind screaming, "You've got to be kidding!"
You pulled the floppy sun hat back in front of you in the futile attempt to decently cover some part of you as you rose to your feet. You stood over this very nice looking man, who just a few seconds ago you were sure was too good to be true, but now had stoked your anger with his ignorant flippant attempt at some... what...idiotic remark about illegal nudity...aaarrrggghhhh.
"Tell it to the damn dog..." you hissed as you stomped past him, jamming the floppy sun hat on your head in a haughty manner, making sure you gave him an extra dose of the "evil eye" with your parting look.
Okay so maybe "stomped" is too strong a word to describe your walk, something more like a "shuffle...limp...drag, shuffle...limp...drag", would have been more accurate. But you were sure there was no way he could misunderstand how upset you were.
You could feel your eyes tearing up as you tried to walk, but the more steps you took the more self-conscious you became as to how you might really look. You could feel his eyes on your behind, or at least felt like that was where he was definitely looking, but you weren't going to turn around to look at him, he could sink in the sand or drown in the ocean for all you cared right now.
You grabbed the floppy sun hat from off your head and held it behind you in an attempt to cover your tush, hoping that it was ruining his view. But having to hold the sun hat removed your ability to use your right arm to help with your walking. Somehow requiring you to use more of your right hip with each step, something you really regretted after the first few steps. You could feel the pain in your rear end and right leg begin to expand. Your eyes started to tear up as tried valiantly to keep up you pace.
You were only about fifteen feet from the rocky alcove where this nightmare had begun, but it was uphill slightly and the sand was soft under foot. You glanced at it, then seeing something lying in the sand at the head of the alcove, you veered to your right. The pain shot up your hip right into your back, forcing you took suck in air as you steeled yourself for the necessary diversion.
Honestly, if you hadn't seen you oversized sunglasses lying on the sand you would have just kept pressing on, but walking into the afternoon sun without them was something you wanted to avoid.
You reached the rocks and were grateful for the ability to use them for support. You were almost spent with just this little bit of uphill exertion, and you really had no real idea how you were going to make it too your car, or what you were going to do once you ever got there.
"Hey..." the guy said from behind you.
He sounded sort of close, and you weren't really sure if he had been following you or not.
"What..." you said quietly, not wanting to talk loud enough for him to hear anything in your voice, like pain or tears.
"Listen...I uhhhh..." he stammered, "look...that was dumb."
You stood silently refusing to turn around, not because you were angry anymore, but because doing so might be too much for your leg to take right now. Instead you turned towards the rock, leaning on it slightly for support. You dropped your head and just tried to breathe, waiting for the pain to recede enough to allow you to get you glasses.
"I'm sorry..." he said softly, you could tell he was right next to you.
It was a nice apology. There were no excuses or conditions. It covered everything and meant everything to you at that moment. The last tiny bit of anger you had vanished.
"It's ok..." breathing the words thru clenched teeth rather than actually speaking.
"I need to look at your leg..." he said softly, you felt him move as the sand shifted under your feet.
You shook your head, "No...its fine..." you said, trying to strengthen your voice. There was no way you wanted him looking at your "leg". Knowing full well the real damage was to your rump.
"You're bleeding..." he said somewhat matter-of-factly.
As if that was the deciding factor that you weren't aware of.
"Look...it really hurts, doesn't it?" he asked, softening his tone as he spoke.
You nodded your head, "...yes..." as you tried to hold back the tears and not give in to the pain.
"I bet...just relax." His right hand was on your lower back pushing you forward onto the rough rock slightly. When you glanced down to see what he was doing you saw that he was kneeling directly behind your rear end, peering between your legs.
"Hey" you tried to put your legs together, but the effort caused you to grimace and suck in air.
"Relax" he said in an even tone, without a hint of lust in it that you could hear.
You were embarrassed, and getting really turned on by what he was doing. Not even your doctor took so long to look between your legs, and just about the time you were sure he was just perving you, he reached upwards between your legs with his left hand...
"Spread your legs a little more..." he said, his hot breathe not helping to cool you in the least.
You felt yourself get wetter as he spoke, almost as if his words caressed the delicate skin between your legs.
You tried to turn and hit him with the floppy sun hat. You knew the thing wouldn't do any real damage, but you felt the need to protect your shredded dignity, no matter the circumstance.
"I don't thin...OOoooo...hhhhiiiisssss"
Your words ended when you felt an abrupt pain shoot thru your right butt cheek, accompanied by a sharp "smack!" sound as his hand swatted your exposed rump fairly hard.
The heat from the sun burn amplified the swat until your entire back side felt on fire. You could feel the effect spread thru you, its heat seemingly determined to center right onto your already excited sex. You could feel the increase in moisture between your legs.
Your body had lifted onto your toes, pushing your rear end out as you leaned forward more onto the rough rock. You could feel your legs shaking as you tried to hold the effects in and not give in to them entirely, even though the throbbing and pulsing in your pussy was way beyond your ability to control.
"That's better..." he said in a deeper tone, huskier and sexier than any you had heard so far. You felt the words as well as heard them as his breath cooled the overheated area he was looking at so intently.
"I don't want to have to keep spanking you, but I will if you won't behave," he threatened in a deep tone, but hinting with a touch of humor.
"Oh yes...please...I need spanked, I've been a bad girl," you moaned. Your words shocked you, they were out of your mouth before you realized it.
Mortified by what you had said, you covered your face with the floppy sun hat, hoping that he hadn't heard your confession or see your deep blush.
You heard his sharp intake of breath, then a slow steady exhale from him. You waited and hoped he would spank you again, your ass rising ever so slightly even higher as your anticipation grew.
You felt him remove his left hand from your lower back. A slight moan escaping your lips as your mind pushed you into a heightened sense of readiness...of wanting to feel his hand on you again.
He didn't spank you again though, in fact you hadn't felt anything since his hand moved. Your trembling legs were at the point of failure when you felt his fingers on the inside of your right leg, gliding slowly upwards. As you felt his fingers draw closer you felt more and more wetness between your legs.
You knew if he touched you, you would cum. Your breath came in short gasps as you anticipated his touch, pressing your mound into the rocks edge as you tried to expose your entire self to his touch.
Whatever he touched was mind numbing, the pain seared thru you just as you had started to emit a loan moan...the impact was so unexpected that you jerked violently against the rough surface of the rock. To go from such a high state of sexual arousal to pain was too much. Your hands clenching into fists as the scream that came from you pierced the air
Your legs gave out from under you. But he was right there, catching you as fell, his arms wrapping around you, pulling your body into his as he held you off of the rough surface. Your trembling form pressed into him for support as your scream died down to sobs, the tears streaming down your face from the pain.
"Easy...I got you..." he said over and over, as he waited for you to get under control. You gave yourself over to his support, taking all of your weight off of your throbbing right leg.
It seemed like forever, but eventually the pain in your leg subsided to a somewhat reasonable level. He must have sensed the change as he slowly allowed you to support more of your own weight. You leaned against the rock, your fingers still clenched tightly into fists, the poor floppy sun hat brim totally crumbled and wrinkled in your left hand.
"You okay?" he asked, his arm still around you but not really supporting you as he was a few seconds ago.
You nodded, not trusting that you would be able to really talk for a few more minutes as your breathing was still coming in gasps.
"Okay...good..." he said, "we need to clean that cut out, it's pretty deep." He had moved away from you, his arm coming off of your back as he talked.
You nodded again, not really understanding what that would mean other than the obvious.
"Let's get you lying down"
You felt his hands go to your waist, as if he was going to pick you up. Your mind scrambled as you tried to figure out what he was going to do.
"Wait...where...what..." you stammered, confusion pushing you to try to resist his moving you at the moment.
"I'm going to help you onto the rock...then you're going to lie on your side and bend your leg up so I can clean that cut" he said. He was leaning into your back, talking softly into your ear.
"Okay...but let me..." you said as you turned to him more, placing your right arm over his shoulder. You could feel his warm body against yours as he lifted you, seemingly with no effort.
You watched his face for any reaction as your naked body was pressed against his, his arm under you as he held you to him. There was none that you could tell, in fact he seemed detached and almost clinical as he carefully lifted you on to the rock. He placed you so that you were facing the ocean, your legs slightly downhill from where you sat.
Since the rocks were about three feet high you weren't really at a different height to him than when you were standing, but if you lay back you were at about the height of his belly button. Which you thought was rather cute, by the way.
You were becoming more convinced that he was either gay or totally weird, either way he definitely wasn't reacting to your being naked the way you thought he should be. Even your own body was reacting to him, regardless of the pain you were in. In fact the pain was heightening your sexual awareness, at least when it wasn't just about to make you pass out or totally lose control.
You tried to get comfortable, but the rough rock surface wasn't something you could lie down on, instead you leaned back so your arms supported your upper body as you "sat" on your left hip. It wasn't the most comfortable position to be in, but it allowed you to get your weight off of your legs which was a huge improvement.
As you watched him you began to realize just how desperate your situation really was. No clothes, no food, very little water and no real hope of walking all the way back to your car. And even if you got there, you still had no keys to get into it and drive home.
You started crying quietly as you thought more and more about everything that had gone wrong today. It was supposed to have been a perfect day and it was, perfectly screwed up. You turned your head away from him, not wanting to show him how afraid and desperate you really felt.
"You okay sitting like this?" he asked, touching your shoulder lightly to get your attention.
You nodded your head, not wanting to talk because you had no real idea what would come out of your mouth.
"Is it your leg, is it in too much pain?" his voice filled with obvious concern, but a hint of confusion was there as well.
You shook your head, turning so you could see him. Hoping that he would just do what he needed to do so you could leave.
You felt him breath out slowly, his face and yours were at the same level. He was somewhat baffled by your tears, that much was obvious to you.
"So...this is a bit overwhelming for you." He said it as a statement, not a question that needed answering on your part, but you nodded in agreement as your tears refreshed. Just knowing that he understood that little bit was helpful, and that sliver of hope was what you were grasping for.
He smiled softly, looking into your eyes as he ran his fingers thru his hair to brush it back from his face.
"I told you...we'll get this figured out...just trust me...okay?"
How do you explain to someone that you do not know that after being jilted so many times, trusting someone wasn't that easy? Especially when you were alone and naked.
You tried to take a deep breath and get your tears under control. Preferring to look down at your toes, rather than into his soft brown eyes.
He untied the draw string of his board shorts, you caught the movement of his hands to the waist band. You reached out towards him, wanting him to stop whatever he "had in mind", at least long enough to tell you his name.
"What's your name?" you asked, your voice barely above a whisper.
A sudden stunned look flashed across his face, turning into an embarrassed smile as he realized the oversight.
"I'm...O..Ah...Bobby" he sort of stammered, "...and Buster is my...ah...dog..."
There was something not quit right about what he said, something that almost sounded fake to you.
"Hi...O,ah,Bobby..." you said, almost mocking him, but smiling at him as you repeated what he had said.
He laughed, "no, sorry, just Bobby"
You nodded, okay with not getting more information out of him and hoping that he wasn't using a fake name for some unknown reason.
"HI, just Bobby...I'm just Julie"
He stepped back, his face showing surprise, "what are the odds?" his expression mirroring the surprise in his voice.
You were confused at his reaction, your eyebrows even creased downward as you tried to figure out what he meant.
"Odds of what?" you demanded.
"Of us having the same first name..." he said as he smiled, obviously having caught on to your use of "just".
You laughed suddenly, way louder than the humor of his words deserved, but the pent up anxiety and stress you had been under added to it. You even smiled at Bobby, if that was his real name.
"So Bob...what's the plan?" you asked as soon as your laughter faded.
He smiled, "no...just Bobby..." he chuckled, "Bob is my dad."
"And Buster is your dog" you said quickly, watching him for any sign of deceit.
His smile broadened, giving you the feeling that Buster was more than just a dog, he was special to Bobby there was no doubt.
"Yeah...Buster's been my...with me for a long time" he said, seeming to search for words for some reason. He was guarded, you had no doubt, but since you literally had nothing to hide you were determined to keep the focus on him rather than yourself.
It was too easy to tell all of your little secrets when you had nowhere to hide.
You stuck out your right hand, leaning a little left as you did so.
"Nice to meet you Bobby..."
It was awkward as he was standing next to you, but he took your hand,
"Nice to meet you Julie" he replied, more caressing your hand than actually shaking it.
"So tell me, how do WE get out of this mess?" you asked, putting an extra emphasis on the "we".
He let go of your hand and looked around, as if the answer was somewhere on the sand.
"Well...I'm going to make a bandage...then you're going to allow me to clean out that cut...then we wrap it...and Viola!" he said, using the grand finale to clap his hands as if he had just finished a magic trick.
This, by the way would be what he would be doing, if he thought that he was going to do all that with the little you two had.
You laughed at his enthusiasm, "okay...let's get to it," you said, wanting to see how he would pull this off.
He clicked his tongue and pointed his finger at you like it was a gun.
"Arrrrggghhh, me little lass...then we be done with all yer questions now...I got work to be doin" he had closed one eye to a squint, curling his upper lip as he sneered out the words in an "over the top" pirate imitation.
What he had said shocked you, both mentally and physically. Physically the effect was like cold water over your body, goose bumps popped up as you shuddered thru you.
Mentally you were captivated because he was a "pirate"...and a really cute pirate to boot.
"And if I have more questions?" you tempted, your voice shaking just a little from the excitement you felt.
He looked at you, his expression blank for half a heartbeat. Slowly though you saw the pirate emerge, glaring at you over his curled lip.
"Oh aye then lass, get em out or suffer the consequences...It'll be the plank for ya deary...though walkin or spankin be up to you..." his gruff pirate voice threatened you. But his eyes were warm and teasing as you looked at him. Your desire building as you pictured him making you suffer, knowing that you would pick spanking for sure.
"Oh..." was all you could say breathlessly, though you really wanted to say so much more. But not wanting to let on what you really wanted you elected to just smile at him.
How did he know about pirates? you thought frantically. You tried to remember the few words you two had spoken, quite sure though that pirates had never been mentioned at all. Obviously he remembered something about your liking spankings though, since he made such an enticing offer with the plank.
He let out a shrill whistle, thankfully he had turned his back to you just before he let loose. Otherwise you might have suffered permanent hearing damage.
"Buster , " he yelled, though you had no real idea what he said. He had said something you were sure, but you didn't know what language he had spoken in.
"What the hell was that," your tone was incredulous at how loud he was.
Bobby smiled at you, glancing over his shoulder at you when you spoke.
Then he shrugged, "I need my dog" he offered, as the only explanation.
It couldn't have been more than a few seconds before Buster appeared, he was running straight for you two from quite a distance. You felt yourself tense up as you watched Buster, sure he would be here soon. Your mind recognizing the fact that every time he showed up you lost something else had your anxiety growing again.
"Tell me he's a good dog again..." you pleaded, not really sure if Bobby had ever said that Buster was a good dog or not.
Bobby turned to you, "relax, Buster is the best!" his tone was reassuring, you could feel the tension easing, but not leaving entirely. You watched Buster with wary eyes as he got near.
"A Buster ,    ..." Bobby said, again in that other language. Buster seemed to know what he said though as he almost jumped up onto Bobby, but held himself in check and merely sat at Bobby's feet with his tail wagging furiously.
"What did you say to him" you whispered, not wanting to excite Buster into any disappearing act at your expense.
"I just told him he was a good boy" Bobby answered, he had knelt in front of Buster as he played with his ears.
"In what language?" you asked, not hiding your curiosity.
"Oh sorry...Russian..." he said, as if it was no big deal.
This revelation sort of stunned you, "wow...you guys speak Russian?" you asked, not able to hide your sense of admiration.
Bobby smiled up at you, "Well I speak enough to command Buster...he just knows it...and a little English too." He made the comment as if it was really no big deal, but to you it was amazing that a dog could speak Russian, but being a bi-lingual dog was way beyond your ability to even imagine.
You watched him continue to pet Buster, who had laid down onto the sand, offering his belly for rubbing.
"How do I say...Hi Buster, I'm Julie..." you asked.
Bobby laughed, "That's easy...", then speaking slowly, "HI Buster,  Julie."
You tried to imitate his words exactly. Buster even seemed interested in what you were saying as he was now sitting up again watching you closely.
You repeated the phrase several times softly, and then looked at Bobby to see if he seemed to think you had it right.
"Okay...now when you say it you have to point to yourself, like this" he said, as he pointed to his chin.
"And make sure he's looking at you when you talk to him...okay?" he stated, stepping just a little bit away from Buster.
You nodded, then took a deep breath, "HI Buster,  Julie" you said somewhat loudly, pointing to your chin as Bobby had shown you.
Buster reacted immediately, he barked then leapt, almost right into your lap. You squealed as his sudden attack caught you off guard, his tongue seeming to be the main weapon he chose to use. His licks were relentless as you tried to ward him off, though your weak "no Buster...stop..." was punctuated by your laugh and squeals, which seemed to only encourage more licks.
Bobby was no help at all, he was laughing and seemed to have no interest in stopping this onslaught of doggie tongue. Only when you began to teeter on the edge of the rock did Bobby intervene, getting Buster under control with a few soft words.
As Bobby got Buster off of the rock, you were working to get your laughter under control. As you settled down yourself, you became aware of all the dog spit that Buster seemed to have deposited on you during his tongue onslaught. It was everywhere it seemed, hair, face, hands, arms and some had even been deposited on your legs. Though you didn't have any real recollection of him licking your legs.
You looked at Bobby, who was watching you.
"I think you did that" you accused him, though you were smiling as you said it, not wanting him to think you were upset.
He gave you an innocent look that only confirmed your accusation, then smiled "I didn't think he would kiss you that much" he stated, blushing for some odd reason at his confession.
To be honest, even if you had wanted to be mad about the "doggie kiss" attack, you couldn't have been.
They were both so cute, and obviously Bobby was only trying to get you and Buster to get to know each other a little bit. Which truthfully, considering your past history with Buster wasn't going to hurt one little bit.
Bobby had retrieved the water bottle and was pouring small amounts into his hand for Buster to drink, talking to him as he let him drink.
"Was there another water bottle in your bag?" he asked, though he didn't look up at you.
"Yeah...I had opened it already, but it was mostly full" you answered, content to sit and watch these two interact.
You watched as Bobby screwed the lid back onto the now half full water bottle, then he held it in front of Buster.
"Buster,   " he said, repeating it a few times until it seemed that Buster was ready to jump out of his skin.
He stood up slowly, keeping the water bottle in front of Buster for him to seemingly focus on, then he whistled. Not a really loud whistle though, just a rather low tone that must have meant something to Buster because as soon as he heard it he was off, running as fast as he could towards the sand dunes.
We watched him until he disappeared into the dunes, then Bobby handed me the water bottle to hold. "He'll be back as soon as he finds it" he said, not really explaining what he meant, or what Buster was going to find for that matter.
"He can find stuff?" you asked, not really believing that a dog could be trained like that.
"Yeah, he's pretty good if you show him an item" Bobby replied, though he was seemingly distracted as he pulled stuff from the pockets of his board shorts, setting the things on the rocks near your feet.
Though there wasn't really that much, what he did have caught your attention. His wallet, pocket knife, cell phone, some funny looking brown cubes and car keys summed it up. You thought you could tell a few things about Bobby as you surveyed the items, though the wallet was closed and the cell phone screen was dark.
The leather skin of the wallet was worn and looked really old. There was an engraving on the skin but it was also worn and faded so much that you couldn't read it. The cell phone wasn't the newest model, more of a tool or phone, than a status symbol. Even his pocket knife looked as it had seen better days, but then again, what did you really know about pocket knives.
The sum of what you saw was that Bobby "used" the things he had. He didn't acquire things just to "have them". In your mind it might explain why such a cute guy was here at the beach without a girl in tow, a cute guy with a dog no less.
Unless, of course, he was gay.
You had stopped watching him while you looked at the items he had set on the rocks, but when he reached for the pocket knife you looked at him to see what he was doing.
He seemed pretty deep in concentration over something, his eyes only flicked up to meet yours briefly, then dropped right back down to his task. He had opened the knife and was carefully using it to cut the threads along the liner of his board shorts.
You got caught up with him as you watched, his concentration to his task seemingly contagious. It was only after you glanced up to watch his eyes that your mind kicked in.
"If he was using a knife on his shorts...what was he wearing?" you asked yourself. You felt your skin heat up as your eyes drifted downward.
"NOTHING...NOT A STITCH..." your eyes confirmed what you hoped your mind wasn't imagining.
You knew that he could have been wearing some kind of athletic underwear under the board shorts. Lots of guys did. But now you obviously knew he wasn't one of those guys for sure.
You let your eyes roam slowly, trying to look at all of him without him realizing what you were doing.
His chest was smooth, though there was some light blonde chest hair that you knew your fingers would find soft. His stomach was flat, though the "six-pack" wasn't defined like some of the body building ads said was sexy. There was a hint of hair that divided his tummy, running right down to his...
"OOoooo..." you breathed, slow and low the sound came out of you.
You leaned down, drawn towards him like a moth to a flame.
He was perfect. You felt you mouth begin to water as you looked intently at him. The hair that came down his tummy ran right into a nicely trimmed patch of hair that framed the root of his cock. It was darker than the hair on his head and chest, but not by much. You had to resist the temptation to reach out and test it with you finger tips.
His cock looked to be about average, though your idea of average was something between a hotdog and a banana. He wasn't hard, but he was bigger than a hot dog right now, and that held a lot of potential. What you really like though, was that he was somewhat thick, and the head was definitely slightly thicker than the shaft. His balls were even nice, though not huge. They seemed to match the cock that half hid them, even though you could tell he was in sort of a "semi" state of arousal.
You hadn't realized how much you were leaning towards him, in your efforts to get a really good look. But he was actually quite close, so close in fact, that when a drop of clear fluid appeared at the tip of his cock you could have lick it off if you leaned a few more inches.
Instead you watched it, intently. You breathing getting shallow and rapid as it progressed to panting. More of the fluid emerged and a definite drop had now formed, suspended from his cock, seeming to defy gravity.
Your mind was a blur of erotic thoughts...
"Suck him"
"Stroke him"
"Oh damn, I want him"
...were just a few that were competing for your attention. But you were focused on that little tear drop of fluid.
You licked your lips in anticipation. Without a conscious thought your hand reached towards his cock, not to grab it though, but to gently reach under him. To cradle his balls in your fingers and let his cock rest on your arm, where the tiny drop of pre-cum would fall.
You moaned as you cradled his balls, letting your fingers roll them gently. You entire being was wrapped up in how warm and soft they felt in your hand, making your mouth water as you imagined how they would feel to your lips and tongue as you drew them in one by one.
His cock jumped as you squeezed his balls gently, making you look at it. It was larger now, reaching beyond where your hand ended and your arm began.
"Aaaahhh shit...don't" you heard Bobby say, though he was barely speaking above a whisper.
You looked up at him. You had been totally consumed by the moment, and now you were absolutely embarrassed by your actions.
You let go of him, jerking your hand back quickly as you tried to recover. You couldn't even look up at him, afraid that he would be angry or upset by what you had done.
"Sorry, I uh...sorry" your voice seemed small, even to you. You moved back to where you had been before you noticed his shorts were off, turning your head towards the ocean view.
You heard him exhale, as if he was releasing a breathe he had held for a while.
"It's my fault...I should have told you I had my shorts off" he said, not the slightest bit of anger in his voice. In fact, he sounded a little disappointed to you.
You dared to glance at him quickly, relieved that he was smiling at you. Not grinning, which might have been a little lecherous, but smiling a somewhat warm smile that seemed to fit his face.
Relief washed over you, for two reasons really. First that he wasn't mad at you, and second and most importantly, you were pretty sure he wasn't gay. Not even a tiny bit.
You tried to smile back at him, hoping that your own smile wasn't in the lecherous category. But seeing that his eyes still held their warmth, you allowed yourself to relax and try to ignore his now naked body. Though you were sure you would look as much as you could, you just had to do a better job of not falling to the temptation to touch.
You tried to let him work on his task in peace, moving your eyes to concentrate on your toes. Your eyes were drawn to a shiny wet streak that started just above your left wrist, and extended up your arm several inches. Confused as to what it was, or where it came from, you touched it with you finger. It felt slippery to you, but had a rather remarkable sticky ability. It would string out as you drew your finger away, as if it didn't want to leave your skin.
You rubbed as much onto your finger tip as you could, gathering it on the tip, then you slowly brought it to your lips to let your tongue taste this strange. You tongue flicked out to test the substance, finding it just a tiny bit salty but not distasteful at all, you let your tongue lick the end of your finger clean.
You heard Bobby let out a long breathe, just like he did before. You glanced at him, the fingertip still just touching your lower lip. His face was a bright red, his eyes almost half closed as he watched you. You could see that what you had done was obviously affecting him, in more ways than one, and all the changes were better in your opinion.
You slowly took your finger from your mouth as you smiled at him, hoping to look as innocent as possible. Truthfully you had forgotten about the drop of pre-cum, undoubtedly that was what had been left on your arm. But now as you watched him you remembered, though you knew wouldn't have done anything different, just sooner.
His mouth opened and closed, like he wanted to say something but couldn't find the words or air. But instead of words, he just blew out air again as his eyebrows went up. Then slowly he turned his back on you, leaning against the rock for support as he bent to his task once again. Though every now and then you saw him shake his head for some reason.
Once or twice over the next few moments you almost said something, but decided against it. Bobby seemed intent to ignore you, and you really didn't want to do anything else embarrassing for either of you. And even though he had his back to you, which you had to admit, was still a pretty nice view.
Buster saved you both from an awkward time, when he jumped up to the rocks with you, water bottle held somewhat loosely in his mouth. You almost screamed in fright since you didn't even hear him, but seeing the water bottle, you squealed in delight instead as you clapped your hands.
"Good boy...that's a good boy Buster" you crooned at him as you rubbed his ears.
"How do I say...good boy, in Russian?" you asked, continuing to pet Buster while you waited.
"X " Bobby said, without looking at you.
"But it would be better if you gave him a treat" he added.
"One of these thingy's?" you asked, holding up one of the little squares that he had set on the rock.
He glanced at your hand, nodding once he saw what you held.
Buster wasn't quite as calm about the whole affair though. As soon as he saw the treat, he started wiggling all over and salivating like crazy all over the water bottle. You set the treat down in front of him, fully expecting him to put the bottle down and pick up the treat. But he didn't do either, he just sat there going crazy looking at you.
"He doesn't want it" you told Bobby, not really sure what you needed to do.
"Put the treat in one hand, and hold out your other hand empty...he'll trade you" he explained, seemingly not needing to look to know what Buster was doing.
"Oh..." you did as Bobby instructed, "X ", adding what you hoped was the right sounds for "good boy" in Russian.
Buster only hesitated for a second, then he gently deposited the slime covered water bottle in your empty hand. Trading it for the treat you held for him in the other.
He seemed quite happy with the deal, since he hopped off the rock and sat at Bobby's feet to chew on his treat.
You gingerly grabbed the water bottle, using only two fingers to grasp the neck just under the cap, and held it out towards Bobby.
"Oooo, this looks nummy" you said, not really trying to disguise the disgust you momentarily felt.
Bobby turned around and looked at the water bottle, smiling slightly as he saw your obvious aversion to the doggie slim.
"You were covered in that just a few minutes ago" he said, teasing you.
"Not by choice, here take it" you said, shaking the bottle at him.
"Fine, here trade me" he said, laughing at you as he handed you what was left of his shorts and folded pocket knife, then took the bottle. He just looked at you , then shaking his head, he headed towards the shore line. Buster followed close on his heals, obviously hoping that this was the time to go into the ocean.
You watched them walk towards the surf, struck by how well they seemed to be matched. Almost like when you see the perfect old couple.
You watched as Bobby seemed to tease Buster, acting as if he had something to throw, then actually throwing the imaginary item to entice Buster to chase it. Poor Buster would fall for it every time, bounding out into the surf, but coming up empty...mouthed?...since he didn't have hands. But he would get his revenge, running right at Bobby. Then jumping up on him, putting nice big sandy paw prints on him wherever he got his paws.
You laughed as you watched them play, then actually felt a little guilty for watching them. The moment was right for them, you felt like you were seeing something sacred.
Bobby glanced in your direction a few times, then finally he washed off the sand that Buster had put on his chest and legs along with rinsing the water bottle off.
Bobby headed back to where you were waiting, Buster chose to chase something in the surf. You tried to watch both of them, but Bobby won out easily. Perhaps if Bobby had clothes on you would have been content with watching Buster, but today it wasn't even a contest.
You tried not to stare, and not to drool, but found it was really very difficult not to look at Bobby. He was, without a doubt, the sexiest man you had ever seen. And though you were sure he had his faults, from where you sat, you couldn't see any.
You saw that Bobby's eyes roamed just a tiny bit as he got closer to you, but since you were guilty of the same offense all you did was smile when you happened to make eye contact.
He took the remainder of his board shorts from you, then started laying everything out on the rock next to you. Taking a deep breathe, he looked at you and smiled.
"Well let's get this over with" he said, a slight frown on his face as he surveyed the items.
"Okay, what do I do" you asked, still unsure of what he had in mind.
"Not a lot, just try not to scream too much" he said smiling at you, though his smile wasn't all that assuring to you.
"OK, where do you want me?" you asked, your voice sounded small to you, but at least it wasn't shaking as much as you were.
Bobby put his hand on your arm, looking at you closely.
"There is a lot of sand in the cut, it's probably the salt that's causing the real pain...so once it's cleaned it will be a whole lot better." He looked into your eyes, doing everything he could to calm you.
"Ready?" he asked gently.
You nodded, not really ready, but hoping that whatever he could do would get rid of some of the pain.
"Okay, roll onto you right hip...then just slide your left foot up to about here, rest it on your knee like that...good." His hands guided you as he talked, moving you gently to where he wanted you. You were lying halfway onto your right hip, with your left leg lifted so that he could see between your legs.
You wanted to look at the cut yourself, but already knew it wasn't possible without a mirror. So you were relegated to watching Bobby as he peered between your legs.
If it wasn't for the absolute look of concentration on Bobby's face, this might have been the most erotic thing you had ever done. But even so, your body was reacting as if it was. You could feel yourself getting wet, even though you silently pleaded for your body to behave. At least until he got his face a little further from your spread pussy.
Bobby took a square piece of cloth that he had cut from the liner and soaked it with water. Then he started to scrub the back of your right leg, almost down as far as you knee. He was putting actually scrubbing pretty hard, much harder than you thought he would have to, but when he took the cloth away to get a clean one, you saw that it was soaked with blood and bright red.
He didn't regard you as he cleaned as much of the blood away from around the cut. So far the experience hadn't been painful at all really, although when he got close to the cut you could feel a stinging sensation start, but even that wasn't too bad.
"You good so far?" he asked as he soaked another cloth.
"Yeah" you nodded, watching him. Something inside you wanted him to notice you, to notice how wet and open you were just inches from his face. Something inside was also embarrassed by how wet you were, hoping that he would just hurry and get this over with.
"This next part will be painful probably" he said quietly, his eyes meeting yours as he spoke.
"Okay" you whispered, shuddering as you remembered the pain that had hit you the last time he had touched the cut.
He poured water onto you, right up against the crease where your leg ends and your rear end begins, then started dabbing the cloth. He pressed firmly, but not as hard as he had when he was cleaning you. The biggest difference now though, was that he was almost constantly rubbing against your swollen pussy lips. Either the back side of his thumb, or the cloth itself seemed to be in almost constant contact.
You hoped you weren't coating him with your wetness, though you knew that he must be getting some of your juices on his hand. Just thinking about it though was pushing you closer and closer to cumming, so much so that you had to try to think of something to distract you, or you would cum very soon.
You knew your breathing had changed, it had progressed from even and slow to almost panting in just a few seconds it seemed. You closed your eyes and tried to slow things down, willing yourself to ignore his touch and just think about something, anything else.
Your pirate came to mind, he was leering at you, his eyes fixed heatedly on your exposed sex, his tongue flicking out and wetting his lips in anticipation of tasting you. You saw him lean in, lightly swipe his tongue along the length of you, from just above your tiny rose bud all the way up and over your enflamed clit. He pressed his tongue harder when he started to lick downward, this time allowing it to drive into your open pussy, teasing with fast flicks as he penetrated you.
You shuddered as your pussy tried to clench down on his tongue, trying to suck it in as deep as it would go. A long low moan escaped your lips as a delightful orgasm rolled thru you. Your pussy clenched and pulsed, gripping your pirates tongue tighter and tighter as you came.
You felt a hand on your tummy, gently pushing and rubbing you as you came down slowly. Your gaze moved to watch the hand, though you immediately were drawn to the soft brown eyes that were watching you.
Bobby's face was poised just over the tiny patch of blonde hair that adorned your pussy, his lips looked wet and delicious to you. As you watched him you saw his tongue dart out and flick across his lower lip, as if he had to catch a last taste. He smiled softly, his eyes never leaving yours.
"Just seemed fair" he said in a very breathy but sexy voice, a teasing smile playing across his lips as he watched your reaction.
You shuddered as you looked at him, your pussy twitching, begging you to let him do more to you.
"Nnottt hhhard...hardly" you stammered, your breathing not allowing the words to come out smoothly.
"I just thought you would like a little pleasure...before the pain" he said gently. His words were breathed right onto your already hot skin, making you give in entirely to anything he wanted to do.
Your eyes drifted down to his cock, delighted in seeing that now it was more than interested in what Bobby was seeing and doing to you. Even another drop of pre-cum was dripping from him, making your mouth water as you watched it.
"Pain? What Pain?" was all that you thought, as you tried to ignore everything except what Bobby was doing right now.
"If that's pain, bring it on!" you heard yourself say, breathlessly but much more smoothly than just a few seconds ago.
Your mouth was saying things that you weren't thinking, well you were, but you wouldn't normally be so forward with a guy. Then again, you had fondled him once and he had licked you once, so it seemed that being "forward" was way back in the rear view mirror now.
"Okay...just don't wiggle so much this time..." he said, laughing a little at your challenge.
You watched as he got another cloth wet. But your eyes wouldn't stay with his hands, they moved all on their own, forcing you to watch his hard cock as it did a little jiggle of its own every time he moved.
You were mesmerized, watching the drop of pre-cum, fantasizing that when it did drip that it would land on your tongue.
Searing pain shot thru your body, ripping a high pitched scream from you. Your hand shot out towards the source of the pain, your fingers finding purchase in Bobby's hair. Your hand grasped and pulled as your fingers tightened around the strands that you grasped. You could feel him as you pulled him against you, your tightening grip on his scalp leaving him little choice but to either give in to your pulling or loose a fist full of hair.
Your eyes had been shut tight in reflex to the pain, but as you felt Bobby being pulled tighter against your stomach you opened them. Seeing the pain you felt reflected in his eyes, you realized, you were about to recede his hair line a considerable amount. Somehow you willed your fingers to relax, easing slowly at the same tempo as the pain you felt ebbed.
Bobby reached up with his left hand, slowly he grasped your fingers and interwove his with yours, allowing you to grip his hand rather than your scalp.
"Sorry about that" he said, his fingers flexing with yours as he waited for you to get thru the pain.
You nodded, then tried to smile without grimacing, trying to let him see that you were all right. The intensity of the pain had been in such sharp contrast to the sensation that you had just a few moments before.
"That should be the worst of it" he said, looking kind of ashamed for hurting you it seemed.
"Let's wait a minute, then we can wrap it...okay?" he said, his eyes watching you as he gently flexed his fingers with yours.
He shifted and sat on the sand, his face now just level with the rocks that you were lying on. If you laid your head on your right arm, you would be very nearly face to face. He never let go of your hand though, he just let you pull it into your chest, nestling it between your breasts as your breathing slowly calmed.
You lowered your head, so that it was sort of lying on your right arm, but not all the way because the rough rocky surface was just too uncomfortable. It put you just a few inches higher than eye level, which was nice because you could see his face, and still let your eyes wander down further too!
"Sorry" you whispered, trying to smile a little at him.
He rubbed the nearly bald spot on his head with his free hand, giving a rueful smile as he did.
"Didn't lose much it seems," his smile warmed you, almost making you forget the persistent pain.
"Hey, you know dog saliva has amazing healing properties...we could have Buster lick your cut a few times...might make it feel better," he almost looked serious as he talked.
But you wrinkled your nose, giving a shudder as your shook your head, "Ick...no way..." you said, though the way Bobby was laughing at your reaction confirmed that he was just teasing you again.
Only Buster seemed to take the suggestion somewhat seriously. He had come back from his romp in the surf and was lying on the warm sand near Bobby, though he did sit up when he heard his name.
"Okay" bobby said as he laughed, "take a drink, then we can wrap it" he rose to his feet, handing you the open water bottle that was on the rock near your leg.
You had to let go of his hand to take the water bottle, your reluctance to do just that surprised you. Obviously you liked him, but you were sure you felt just a little more than "like" right now, though you were hoping that it was more than just the physical attraction.
You took a pretty good drink from the bottle, then tried to put some of the water back in from your mouth. You had a rush of guilt wash over you as you saw Bobby watching you drink, what would have been the last of this bottle if you hadn't stopped yourself.
"You want some too?" you asked, offering him the remaining half inch of water.
"Eeewww, backwash?" he shuddered, imitating how you had reacted to doggie saliva, though his grimace was way cuter than yours you thought.
"You need it way more than I do" he added, motioning for you to drink it up.
You watched him as you sipped the last of this water, knowing there was an almost full bottle here somewhere still. Bobby was back at work, getting the last of his plan ready it seemed. He now had several long strips of material, cut from the liner obviously. Then he went to work on the shorts themselves, taking the pocket knife and cutting up the right side seam almost all the way to the waist band.
He gathered up his stuff, putting it back into one of the leg pockets on the shorts, but rather than put them on he just laid them back on the rocks.
"Ready?" he asked, glancing around as if looking for something.
The pain had faded enough that saying "yes" to him now was rather easy. Though in the back of your mind you knew you weren't ready for a repeat of the pain you had last time.
He nodded, then moved next to you, slipping his arms beneath your legs and around your shoulders. As soon as he started to lift you, you grabbed him by the neck with your left arm because he had your right arm trapped. This was delicious for you though, since it forced your breasts into his chest while you clung to him.
He stepped back away from the rock, then looked down at you.
"Time to stand on your own" he had half way crouched down as he lowered your legs. Once your toes touched the sand you tried to shift and put most of your weight on your left leg. You could feel his erection rubbing across your belly as you moved, pushing against your soft skin. It felt hot and hard, pulsing with a life of its own it seemed.
"Well you're obviously not gay" you said quietly, looking up at him, smiling as you watched his face.
He blushed, such a deep red that you thought he would burst into flames any second. Once again he was at a loss for words it seemed, his mouth moving , but no words coming out. He just shook his head, then turned you so that you were facing the rocks, holding you around the waist until he saw that you could stand on your own.
He grabbed the last of the liner material, the ones that he had cut into long strips anyway, along with one of the small square pieces. He gently pushed you forward, obviously wanting you to lean into the rock a little bit.
"When I put this in place, you're going to need to hold it there for a second, okay?" he said.
You felt him place the little cloth just at the very top of your right leg, then as he held it with his left hand, he guided your right hand to where he needed it to be. There was a little sting as you pressed against the cloth, probably harder than you needed to just to keep it there, but you didn't want it to move while he worked.
"Spread your feet a little" he said, pushing against your right inner thigh gently as he spoke.
"I don't think so" you said with a sassy tone, turning to look down at him, fully intending to tease him with a sexy smile.
You caught just a flicker of movement, followed by feeling an incredibly sharp slap on your right butt cheek. Your head snapped forward, the smile vanishing as a rather long "Oooooaaahhhhaaa..." escaped your parted lips. Reflex had taken over your body, your legs tensed and you pressed forward onto the rock as hard as you could, exposing yourself fully as you waited for another swat to your rear end.
You heard him chuckle, "stay just like that...unless you want another..." he said sternly, causing your pussy to quiver in anticipation.
You gulped, trying to get your breathing under control. Your mind though was screaming for you to move, to just put your legs together and force him to spank you again. Maybe he would spank you enough to make you do what he wants, maybe he could spank you enough to make you cum. Your wet pussy was in full agreement that you should do whatever you needed to, RIGHT NOW!
"What was that for" you tried to ask, though your words were shaky.
"For being a brat...and thinking I was gay," he replied, though you could hear the humor in his tone, "and I seem to recall you wanting to be spanked...something about being a bad girl?" His tone dropped when he said "bad girl", giving the words a dark and seductive meaning.
Your head dropped, you could feel your skin heat up as you heard him. You wanted nothing worse than for him to punish you for being a bad girl, but your body and mind were at war right now.
"I was...teasing..." you tried to explain, not sounding convincing even to yourself though.
"Me or you?" he asked, his tone edging on ominous, leading you to believe that if you admitted to trying to tease him, you might be deserving of a punishment.
Thru out this your mind was frantic, trying to convince you to shut up, to not tell him anything about what you wanted him to do to you.
"He'll think you're a freak..." you thought, along with several other things that were just echoes of the words of bad advice you had heard from girlfriends in the past.
You were in such turmoil that you had totally stopped paying attention to what he was doing. Only when you felt a tug and a sting from where the cut was, did you clear your mind enough to pay attention to him, and not your kinky desires.
"All done" he said, patting your rear end as he stood up. He looked rather pleased with himself, though you hadn't walked yet, and that would be the real test.
You turned to face him, still favoring your left leg and using the rocks for support. When your eyes met you could feel yourself blush, knowing that you hadn't answered his question. You tried to shift your weight a little to your right leg, and though the leg felt fatigued and bruised there was none of the stinging pain that had been there the last time you had walked on it.
"Better?" he asked, his eyes not hiding how anxious he was as he waited for your verdict.
"Yeah, I think so" you answered, though you hadn't given it your full weight yet.
You looked down to see what he had done. There were long strips of white cloth wrapped around your leg, each one tied to the next in sort of a make shift ace bandage. He apparently was using this "wrap" to hold the cloth over your cut, hoping to keep it clean while you two walked back to your car.
He had picked up what remained of his board shorts, unfastening the waist band and unzipping them. He set them on the sand in front of you, holding the waist open for you to step in. Just by comparison you had serious doubts as to your being able to get them over your hips, though you knew the waist would be fine if they made it that far.
Once you had both feet in properly, Bobby drew them up to your knees, only pausing to make sure he removed the sand from the shorts. Then he pulled them up and over your hips, quite a lot easier than you had imagined that it would be. You had forgotten that he had opened up the right leg of the shorts, allowing the waist line to be the only limit to its size, this along with the zipper being down meant that the shorts cleared your hips by a couple of comfortable inches.
He fastened the waist button, then pulled the zipper up, only glancing at you once just before he zipper'd you up. You had to admit, he seemed pretty resourceful, for a naked guy anyway.
"Got a little McGyver in ya there don't you" you teased, hoping he knew the reference and would take it as a HUGE compliment.
He laughed, then just sorta scratched the beard stubble below his right ear.
"Aww shucks mame...twern't nothing..." he said shyly, in what was probably the worst John Wayne imitation ever, in your opinion.
You knew he was waiting for you to say something, but there was no way you were going to let him get away with that lame ass imitation.
"What the hell was that...freakin John Wayne goes to the beach?...where's the pirate? I want him NOW!" you tried to sound mad, though you were having a really tough time keeping a straight face. But throwing out the pirate demand had just about busted you up in mid-sentence. Once you crossed your arms, your petulant side flared up, giving you the definite appearance of a spoiled little girl who always got her way.
Bobby looked shocked, but you could see that he was up for the challenge. There was a hint of humor in his eyes, hiding just behind the smoldering lust that you were seeing more and more of.
"Oh...a sassy lass, it is..." he teased, pulling you tight against him, "thinkin John Wayne, when any daft fool knows Jimmy Stewart when 'ey hears 'im...I be thinkin I've 'ad 'bout enuf o' your pipe...now git o'er here so I can teach ya right...ya salty bitch!"
Your eyes grew big as he spoke, you were drawn into him as he "became" your pirate, perfectly.
By the time he called you a "salty bitch" you were ready to do anything he demanded. You felt as if he had somehow read your mind and met your every fantasy in that moment.
Then he kissed you. Not the sweet nice kiss of a good boy...but the heated passionate kiss of a pirate, one who had been at sea for months on end, with no women in sight.
You resisted, not because you didn't want the kiss him, but because it was what your pirate expected. You beat your hands against his chest, even as your mouth opened for his tongue, sucking it into yours, then teasing it as you tasted him with your own.
The harder you hit and pushed against him, the rougher his kiss became. Until it was no longer a kiss, but a contest to see who could touch the other in the most places using just lips, it was every passionate thing you ever dreamed of, all wrapped in one moment.
His lips broke from yours, but found your neck and ears before you could even blink. He pressed over you, downward along the slope of your neck, his tongue darting out and tasting you wherever he touched. You stopped fighting when his kisses reached the bottom of your neck, your fingers caressing his hair and neck as you tried to draw him in to you.
You wrapped your arms tightly around him, pressing into him with everything you had, hoping that somehow he would stop. But needing your body to tell him, because you knew your mouth wouldn't say that one simple word.
He came up to you, his breathing hot and heavy against you skin, just as yours was against his. You could see the passion in his eyes, so raw and true that you desperately wanted to give in to him, but knowing that you couldn't. Not here, and not yet anyway.
He looked into your eyes, his own showing a measure of embarrassment and uncertainty. You touched his face, letting your fingertips caress his cheek, then rising up onto your toes you kissed him gently on his delicious lips. He gently kissed you back, then smiled at you as you pushed away from him. There was no doubt that you would need to strictly enforce the three foot rule, or you two would start all over again.
He seemed to understand, because he busied himself right away by trying to round up everything that was sort of scattered around the rocks. Handing you his stuff, you put it all into one of the board shorts pockets. Though when he tried to give you the floppy sun hat to wear, you just laughed and pointed to his central region, indicating that he might want to shade the sun dial that he was sporting.
You found some of the seashells that you had picked up earlier and put them in the same pocket with his other things. He even found your sun glasses, though they were totally covered in sand and useless until he washed them off. Once you dried them with the shorts they seemed to be just fine, although the lenses were a tiny bit scratched.
"Ready?" he asked, taking hold of your left hand with his right, and holding the floppy sun hat in such a way that you had no idea what time it was.
"Sure, should we go look for my stuff?" you asked, though he was leading you down towards the water and the firmer sand at a slow pace.
"We could I guess, but it's gonna be hard to find," he stated, "see Buster and I play this game...I bury something and he finds it, then he buries something and I find it, only, he's really good at burying things." He glanced at Buster as he tried to explain what he thought Buster had done with your stuff, though he would look at you too to see if you were following his thinking.
"I see...so, he won't just take us to it?" you asked, hoping that there might be some way.
"Nah, he's still playing his game...and he'll keep playing it no matter how long it takes me to find whatever he's hidden." He sounded a bit distracted as he shot down your question.
"I just really need my purse, not the whole bag, just the little clutch purse with my keys in it" you were almost pleading, trying to stress how important it was. You stopped and waited for him to turn back to you, not wanting to give up on your missing things, especially your wallet and keys.
Bobby stopped and turned towards you.
"Look, we could try to go look, but the sand in the dunes is a lot softer and I don't think you'll make it very far."
You could tell by the pain in his eyes that he really wanted to do what you wanted, but just didn't think it was in your best interests. He was so exasperated with having to disappoint you that he gestured with a shrug, holding both hands up in an obvious show of surrender.
You looked at him, truly feeling that what he said was honest. It just left so many problems yet to face that you couldn't see any clear solutions. You nodded and dropped your gaze, right about the same time he dropped hands to his side. Which brought in to focus the floppy sun hat, it was still providing shape and apparently defying gravity at the same time.
Your reaction was immediate, please of laughter erupted from you as your hand waved at the hat, then at him in general. You dropped to your knees, trying to wave the image away, but knowing full well it would be with you for life.
Bobby actually took a step towards you, thinking at first that there might be something really wrong, then reaching for you when you dropped. Only when the hat became dislodged and fell off did the reality of what you were reacting to hit him. He smile was only made more charming by the bright blush that seemed to cover every inch of his fine body.
You felt a pure rush of lust, your body flying forward and onto him even before your realized what you were doing. Your full frontal assault caught him totally off guard as he was forced flat onto his back with you doing your best imitation of a female octopus during mating season.
Your fingers were firmly grasping at his hair, trying to twist the strands into reasonable handles to grip yourself tighter to him with. Kissing him was all you could think of, that and getting him inside you to ease the incredible ache that had flared uncontrollably inside of you. Your body pressed into his, and when you felt his hands respond by it only fueled your urgency more.
Straddling him you pressed your breasts into his chest as hard as you could, as you felt his hands travel down your back then grasp your ass firmly as he pushed against your mound. His tongue darted into your mouth, tasting and teasing you, requiring your tongue to try to match his every lick. You could feel the thin material of the destroyed shorts shift upward as his hands pulled and tugged at it feverishly, desperately trying to remove the last tiny bit of material from between you.
You shifted forward, trying to slide up towards his belly, spreading your legs as wide as you could, hoping that his hands would be successful soon and guide his incredibly hard cock straight into your soaking wet pussy.
His lips had traveled down to your neck, leaving a wet trail of delight with every teasing nip and caress. You were trying to match him, but all you could kiss was his hair, or his forehead and ears, causing you to arch upwards in an effort to press your breasts to his mouth as you focused on trying to settle on to his cock.
His hands were urging you on, drawing upwards from your ass to your waist, trying to rock you against his hardness while attempting to align himself to thrust deep in to you. He could feel your wetness and heat, the pulses from your pussy were being directly administered to his cock. Your outer lips were swollen and puffy, spreading widely to allow his thickness every opportunity to caress you fully. Your inner lips were moving in rhythm with your twitching and kissing his cock every time you felt his cock surge against you.
In an effort to gain entry his hands slid under your ass, grasping and lifting you, aligning your bodies perfectly as his cock drove deep into you.
You screamed...
His hands immediately released the hold he had on your legs, though you weren't aware of anything but the twin sensations, immense pain shooting thru your right leg, offset by the rest of you being consumed by the orgasm that wracked your body.
You don't know how long you screamed, you only remember feeling his hands gently caressing your back as he whispered into your ear, kissing you lightly when he ran out of things to say. Even Buster made an appearance to nuzzle your hair, seeming to want to offer assistance but not being sure what to do.
When you were finally able to breathe at a somewhat more normal pace, you tried to let your body relax, hoping that the tremors that passed thru you would ease. You became acutely aware that he was still buried deep in you. You pressed up so that you could see his face, his concern and obvious discomfort at causing you so much pain was plainly visible to you. You leaned down and kissed his lips softly, feeling the tension ease from him as you tried to show his that you really were okay.
"I'm so sor..." you interrupted his apology with another kiss.
"I'm okay now...we can keep going..." you whispered, your lips breathing the words directly into his mouth as his tongue darted and caressed you.
"NO..."
His one word answer was followed by a moan, at least you thought it was a moan. You dust didn't know whether it was his moan or your moan, but that didn't really matter to you. You grabbed on to the feeling of disappointment and failure that pushed into you.
Every part of you wanted him to move inside you, to push deeper and deeper until you were screaming, this time only in ecstasy. You didn't want to fail him, your body wanted, no it demanded, that you give to him every ounce of pleasure that you could. You wanted all of him, every tiny thing, and all his cum inside of you. You tried to rock against him, forcing his cock to slide into you deeper. His hands though, instead of helping guide you and take on some of the responsibility, instead pushed your hips down firmly. The effect was wonderful as you felt him pushing against you at a new depth, surely he was fully in you now, was all you could think.
That and the realization that he wasn't letting you move any more, at all.
"But I want..."
"Shhhh..." he shushed you, blatantly interrupting what you were saying.
"Please..." you whimpered, trying to rock your hips, even though the effort was painful.
His hands moved fast, from holding your hips firmly to grasping your arms and forcing you down on to his chest. Your lips were touching his, but his eyes were looking straight into yours. There was no mistaking the slight frustration and tiny hint of anger that he had.
"You've been a bad girl" he said, his tone low and even, hinting at an ominous end that was coming.
You gasped, your breathing quickened as your body readied for a punishment.
"Yes, please...spank me...spank me...I'm a bad girl...please..." Your eyes closed as you fell into the fantasy, your lips saying the words over and over in nothing more than a breathy whisper.
"What are you whispering wench?" his words were harsh and mean, just like a pirates should be. His hand moving fast grabbed your hair, pulling hard as if to hang you from it, while his other hand went behind your neck and pressed your head downward against the pressure.
A deep moan escaped your lips as you fought against his grip, your body responding even though he wasn't moving inside you. You wanted to say the words out loud, but your fear kept them no more than a whisper.
"SPEAK..."he roared, pushing down on your shoulder while pulling roughly on your hair at the same time.
The feigned torture at the hands of this terrible pirate was too much. You just knew that if you didn't tell him, he would torture you until you gave him everything. In your mind the man with his cock buried deeply in you wasn't Bobby, it was some ancient relative of Bobby's though. He had all the same physical traits along with all the pirate traits that her fantasy desired.
"OH SIR...SPANK ME...SPANK ME...I'M A BAD GIRL...YES...SPANK ME..." You screamed, as loud as you could, over and over again.
When you felt his hand strike, fast and firm, repeatedly doing exactly what you asked him to do your mantra changed.
"Oh please...yes...fuck me...fuck me...fill me...please...oh please..." you whispered against his chest. The firm slaps on your ass driving you even though you weren't moving at all. You could feel him swell, his cock growing larger and stretching you more and more, seeming to fill you completely.
One thrust, one thrust that split you deeper than ever. One thrust that let him spear thru to your center, was all it took for him. Your body opened, his cum pumping deeply into you in long drawn out streams that seemed to go on forever. You lost control, your body going limp as you collapsed on to him. Your continuous orgasms seeming to match his steady pulses of cum as it shot deep in to you.
That was all you remember for some time. Though for how long exactly neither you nor Bobby had any real idea. Buster though had decided that it must be nap time and had curled up against you both to sleep. When you moved to look at Bobby you felt his hand move lightly, caressing your back gently.
Just that slight amount of touch though shot darts of pain thru you, alerting you to the probable sunburn that you now had. You groaned as Bobby's hand lifted, he obviously noticed your discomfort from his touch. You tried to move off of him, but your body ached and using your legs was something of a challenge as they seemed to have fallen asleep.
"Can you walk?" he asked, his voice full of concern.
"And if I can't?"
"Then I'll carry you." His words were accompanied by the softest touch to your cheek, drawing you to him for a kiss that was full of every promise you two had never spoken, at least not yet anyway.
"Okay..." You let your body just roll off to the side off of him, becoming aware that even though his cock was no longer hard, it had never the less, stayed firmly nestled inside you. A fact that was confirmed by the rush of fluid that escaped as you finally detached from him.
Once you were separated you slowly stood, your legs still unsteady and painful, but serviceable as long as you took it slow. Bobby and Buster walked with you at the same pace, well Bobby was. Buster was running around you both in circles then dashing off after some unseen varmint or shiny thing that had caught his attention. Bobby just held your hand and let you lean on him as you needed.
You didn't want the day to end. Even with everything that had happened it was still one of the best days of your life, and it felt like it could be the start of so much more.
"So what happens after?" You wanted to know, it was at the core of everything that you were thinking at the moment.
"After what?"
"You know, after we get to my car. After today ends. After I don't ever hear from you again..." Your words faded as you realized that you had said what you were thinking out loud. You didn't really mean to reveal so much of what was troubling you to him, you barely knew him and there was the real possibility that you had both just got caught up in the moment.
Bobby stopped suddenly, his hand pulling you back towards him so that you were standing directly in front of him, not touching but close enough to feel the heat from his skin.
"Is that what you're worried about?" His fingers brushed the stray hair from your eyes as you looked up at him.
You nodded, not really wanting to ask too much of him, but needing to know if he also possibly wanted more than what you had shared today.
"Are you really worried that I would just get you to your car and abandon you?" His tone was serious, but he wasn't really challenging how you might feel, he seemed to be just asking for you to confirm or deny what you had already kind of alluded to.
You shrugged, looking towards Buster as he ran past you two, then back up at Bobby as you let your shrug change to a slight nod. "We don't really know each other...and nothing that's happened has fixed the mess I'm in..." you tried to explain.
"We're in" he interjected abruptly, causing you to consider that he might have a valid point. You Both were almost, if not totally naked, and you Both were on a path that would lead you to a public beach and parking area that was sure to have still have people around.
He brushed your hair out of your eyes, "Okay...we're in" you corrected, trying to ignore the feelings that while he continued to run his fingers thru your hair. His actions were quite distracting and had you trying to remember what it was that you were starting to worry about in the first place.
"You know, we pirates take fair maiden abduction and treasure most seriously" his tone left you with little doubt that he was trying to be serious. Though why he was using the pirate thing at a time like this had you a little confused.
"So is that what I am? An abducted fair maiden?" you challenged him, wanting him to actually say something, anything, that would give you an idea of what might he might really want.
"You forgot booty, fair maiden" he teased, slowly sliding his hands down to your waist as he drew you tight against him.
You pushed against his chest with both hands, getting slightly irritated at his playing around while there were serious matters to consider. "Oh great, so now I'm treasure too, or booty or whatever it is you're talking about!"
Your words came out sharp, much sharper than you intended, but his reaction caught you totally off guard. He easily lifted you off your feet, so that you were being held at eye level to him.
"Argh fahr maiden...you be more than mere treasure. Fine silver, fancy baubles or glitterin pieces 'o eight fail to compare my dear...for your treasure is yer BOOTY!" he exclaimed as he lifted you higher still then easily slung you over his shoulder, in just the right way so that your booty was pressed against his cheek.
He started walking at a determined pace, humming a tune as he carried you. But you couldn't hear what he was humming, due mostly to the screaming you were doing as you demanded that he put you down, along with the happy barking that Buster was contributing.
But when Bobby started spanking you, not hard but noticeable, in time with the tune. You stopped struggling and screaming and took notice of what your pirate was doing to you...
"Sixteen men on a dead man's chest..." he sang, his voice deep and perfect for the old pirate song.
Without missing a beat, your mind and body reacted to this perfect pirate...
"Yo ho ho and a bottle o' rum'..." your voice joined his, your grin almost hurting as you realized what he was doing.
He was answering all of your questions, he was taking control of all the problems. For lack of a better explanation...he was quite simply, abducting you. His "Fair Maiden". You grinned as he kept singing, going from one bawdy song to the next, never seeming to miss a beat as he kept time with firm swats to your ass, alternating cheek to cheek.
The look on your face and the blush of your skin would have proven to anyone seeing you that you were totally enjoying your abduction. Though they might not be able to get their eyes off your bright red ass and glistening pussy, both clearly exposed to anyone that you might come across.
You shuddered as it dawned on you...you had only two real worries left...
Is Bobby going to carry you like this all the way to your car?
And what EXACTLY did he intend to do with your BOOTY?
The End?
*****
Author's note:
I hope you enjoyed this story. Please consider letting me know if you would like to hear more about You, Bobby and Buster. The story was originally written as a stand-alone short, but leaving it here gives so many possibilities. I would love to hear your opinion and suggestions.
Thank you for taking your time and I truly hope you let with wanting to get a little sand in some awkward places really soon.