Author's Note: This is a story about a loving couple, husband and wife, who get very lost in their relationship -- neither knowing that the other has strayed.
Scott and Madeline were happily married 30-somethings, up until a week ago. Madeline asked her best friend, Shelly, to try hitting on Scott -- just to see if he would cheat on Madeline. She didn't realize Shelly coveted her husband, and had so for several years. Shelly happily took the opportunity to seduce Scott, easily ensnaring him with her womanly charms. Shelly then concocted a plan to drive a wedge between the couple, neither of whom are yet aware their marriage is unraveling.
In the last episode, Madeline confided in Shelly, telling her the sex just hadn't been that great with husband Scott the last two times. She was starting to get worried about that. Shelly suggested Madeline go see Shelly's psychotherapist and the two should get together for lunch afterwards, so Madeline could tell her how it went.
This series is about a cheating wife, a cheating husband, and a not-so-loyal best friend. If "cheating wives" who seemingly get away with it -- with no consequences -- angers you, please stop reading now! You'll have this tale.
Life is short. Find the stuff that interests you and read that. If you do read this story, please favor it with a rating (1-5, you pick) and/or a comment. Your feedback really means a lot to me, and helps me develop as a writer.
Stay horny!
-Yes
***** ***** *****
As it turned out, Madeline was still late for her luncheon date with Shelly. Thirty minutes after her already extended appointment with Nicholas was supposed to end, the office assistant came knocking on the door a second time. This time, her knocks were louder and a little more insistent. Nicholas had been with this client for nearly two hours!
Nicholas opened the office door, just a sliver, and informed Katie he would be extending his consult with Mrs. Brown "just a little bit longer." His next appointment wasn't until 1:30pm, so he encouraged Katie to go take her lunch.
"Lock the front office door while you're out," he told her. "I'll see Mrs. Brown out and schedule her follow-up if you're not back by the time we're done."
On the other side of that door, Madeline had been doing her best to distract Nicholas. She was on her knees, sucking on his cock, trying to get her new therapist to shoot his load -- all while conversing with his office assistant. She hadn't been successful. Nicholas had remarkable restraint.
It was nearly a half hour later when Madeline finally tore herself away from Nicholas's office. Katie was still out to lunch. Madeline texted Shelly while strolling through the parking garage on the way to her car.
MADDY: I'm so sorry to miss our date, just leaving now.
SHELLY: WHAT?!? OMG! You're just leaving now?
MADDY: *Blushing Smiley Face*
MADDY: Too late for lunch? Raincheck?
SHELLY: No way! If you had a two hour session with Nicholas, I want to hear ALL about it!
SHELLY: The waiter is cute. I'm sure I'll find some way to entertain myself until you get here. See you in 15
MADDY: LOL. Yay! OMW!
*****
The hostess escorted Madeline to the table. Shelly got up from her seat to give her "BFF" a warm, welcoming embrace. Shelly couldn't recall the last time she had seen Madeline so happy. She was radiant, positively glowing, and giddy with excitement.
Madeline sized Shelly up and down, telling her, "You look great! Where are you going, all dolled up?"
Shelly glanced at her reflection in the window. She was dressed to the nines. She wore a tight, grey pencil skirt and a short-sleeved purple top. The shirt had a ruffled placket down the middle, and Shelly had the top 4 buttons undone. This revealed a scandalous amount of cleavage. The shirt fit like a second skin, hugging every curve of her body. A wide two-tone belt, purple and gray, complimented the outfit, accenting Shelly's narrow waist.
"Nowhere special," Shelly lied. "I just like an excuse to put on makeup and get dressed up every now and then."
Shelly checked her watch. The truth was she had an appointment this afternoon with Madeline's husband. He didn't know if yet, but she was planning to surprise him at the office. Madeline's tardiness was an annoyance, but Shelly was still hopeful she could pull off the afternoon rendez-vous.
Shelly poured Madeline a glass of wine. The bottle of Riesling was half empty, and the pretty housewife felt a twinge of guilt. She shouldn't have left Shelly waiting on her at the restaurant, as she had. Friends need to stick together, and Shelly was her best friend. Her only friend, really.
"Sooooooo," Shelly said, excitedly, getting straight to dishing the dirt. "How did it go?"
Madeline smiled, looking down at her wine. She idly caressed the stem of the wine glass with her finger.
"How do you think it went?"
"I think he fucked your brains out on his couch."
"Bingo! First try." Both women laughed.
"Sooooo ... you do that with Nicholas every Friday?" Madeline asked.
"Talking with Nicholas is good for my psyche," Shelly said happily. "And his cock is good for my pussy."
"We scheduled my next appointment for Thursday," Madeline told her. "He originally suggested a Friday 10am time slot, but that would have been right before your weekly appointment. I didn't want to wear him out before you got there."
Madeline laughed again, then took a long sip from her wine. Shelly fumed angrily, but kept all emotion from her face. How dare Madeline think she could wear out any guy to a point that Shelly could not entice them further!
"You're so sweet," Shelly told her. "Gosh ... you were with him for two hours, really? I think I did maybe an hour and a half with him during my first consult. What the hell, Madeline?"
Shelly's voice was playful, and perhaps tinged with jealousy.
"I know. Crazy, right? We just lost track of time. But I'm afraid my situation now is worse, not better."
Shelly looked at her, eyebrows raised.
"I want more, Shelly. So much more!"
"Didn't Nicholas explain why that is?"
"Unh ... no? I didn't give him time for talking," Madeline grinned sheepishly. Shelly laughed, putting her hand on Madeline's.
"Honey, the sex with Nicholas is great, yes, but listen to me now -- it's just as important to talk with him BETWEEN the sex. That's where he'll help you grow."
"Oh?"
"Yes! Ok, I'll share what he told me during my first session because I think it's important. You're peaking sexually, Maddy. Guys peak in their early 20's, women in their 30's. Legit. They've done studies on this. Right now, your sexual appetite is roughly six times stronger than your husband's.
"It's completely normal for married couples to have less and less sex as their marriage goes on. You read about that all the time in those woman's magazines, right?"
Madeline nodded, a growing realization dawning across her facial features.
"But not you. You are coming into your prime. You can't get enough! The only way you're going to stay sane is if you keep finding ways to satisfy your craving. But to save your marriage, you need to find away to do it without exhausting and abusing your poor husband."
It was as if a lightbulb had been turned on over Madeline's head. Everything Shelly said made perfect sense! Now she wished she had let Nicholas talk more during their couch cuddling, rather than focusing on getting him hard again for the next go round. She would remember that for her next therapy session: talk with your therapist, don't just fuck him.
"Is that the way it is with you and Bob?" Madeline asked.
Shelly nodded, yes.
"Mostly. Bob travels a lot, so I don't have to worry about exhausting him as much as you do with Scott. I'm sure Bob welcomes his frequent business trips -- they are a reprieve away from me! I can be a bit intense in the bedroom."
Madeline laughed. "I've noticed!"
"Ha ha!! When Bob is home, like this week, I find other ways to keep my urges under control. My therapy sessions with Nicholas help. And I have a few other ... outlets, too."
Madeline was about to pry for details when Shelly glanced up excitedly.
"Oh, here comes Faras. He's our waiter. Cute, huh?"
Madeline followed Shelly's gaze to their approaching waiter. Faras was young, college-aged, both boyish and handsome. He had dark eyes and jet black hair. His skin was smooth, clean-shaven, and richly brown. Not overly dark, but certainly having the look of someone who spent long hours in the sun. His name and darker skin tone gave hint of his ethnicity: India, Madeline guessed.
His skin contrasted sharply with his crisp, starched-white uniform shirt. His black slacks were somewhat tight-fitting. They did precious little to hide the bulge tenting at the front of his crotch.
Madeline looked him over, then arched her eyebrows in Shelly's direction. Shelly was nodding, smiling. She had noticed, too.
"Here we are, ladies," the young man said, setting a wooden plate down between them. On it was an appetizer: a lightly toasted bread, with a creamy, gooey, melted cheese topping.
"Oh, and welcome Madeline."
A surprised look came over the brunette's face. How did he know her name? Faras caught her facial expression, and explained.
"Shelly and I became acquainted with each other while she was waiting for you," Shelly chuckled at these words, and a knowing look passed between them. "She told me a little about you. I'm very sorry to hear about your divorce, by the way --"
Now surprised turned to shock, and Madeline turned to her best friend, who was laughing behind her menu.
"-- but as they say in my country, there are plenty of fish in the sea."
"Faras is from Mumbai," Shelly introduced their waiter. "In India. His name means 'Good Gift'. He's a student her at Uni. He's studying chemistry!"
The table seated four. Faras settled in comfortably next to Madeline, as if he were joining them for lunch.
"Now this," he said, gesturing toward the wooden dish, "is a goat cheese and truffle oil crostini appetizer. The olive oil is infused with white truffles. This gives it an earthy, mushroom flavor.
His voice was warm, confident, and alluring. Madeline found herself watching his lips as he spoke, feeling goosebumps rise along the back of her neck.
"Women especially love this dish. Can you guess why? It is because of the smell of the truffle oil. The smell is known to drive women wild!"
His voice pitched up an octave, and he drawled out the last word, roaring like a tiger. Madeline felt his hand settle casually upon her thigh. She was startled at first. Why was this man -- or boy, rather -- touching her? She glanced quickly at Shelly, but was too embarrassed to move the young man's hand.
"Yes, Truffle Oil is like an aphrodisiac! One whiff and the seductive smell sends women to heaven! So, what are you waiting for?"
Faras stabbed one of the soft, warm bread pieces with a fork. He lifted it to Madeline's lips. At the same time, his other hand began to gently caress her thigh.
"Oh, I'm not--"
"Go ahead, Madeline. Let me see your first bite!"
Shelly had her phone out and was capturing a photo, or perhaps video. Under pressure of the camera, Madeline opened her mouth. As the delicious morsel hit her taste buds, her expression changed. Her eyes grew wide, her nostrils flared, and she moaned softly.
"Ohhhhhh, mmmm, oh my God," she said, lifting a napkin to her lips. "Shelly, try it, it's amazing."
Faras squeezed her thigh at the compliment, reminding Madeline that their waiter was initiating a rather unsolicited advance. She was about to lift his hand from her leg when he rose suddenly from the chair.
"You two enjoy that, I'll be back shortly to take your main order."
Madeline watched Faras retreat, waiting until he was a safe distance away.
"That was ... interesting?" she said doubtfully.
"What? Oh, him feeding you? I know, right? So romantic. I love foreign cultures."
"Well that, and the fact that he just groped me. Under the table."
"What?" Shelly's face was both surprised and excited.
"No lie. He put his hand on my lap and was stroking my leg, squeezing my thigh, as he fed me."
"Ooooooh. Sexy."
Madeline had felt almost violated, but Shelly's reaction had her second guessing the offense. What had just happened? A really cute guy -- a much younger cute guy, for that matter -- had just hit on her.
"Lucky, lucky girl!" Shelly continued. "Are you going to get his number?"
"SHELLY!" Madeline said in a scolding voice.
"What? Honey, that's what I was talking about earlier. Actually, Faras seems perfect! He's young -- early twenties I'd guess. You're sexually peaking. He's sexually peaking. You two could really do it for each other!"
"What's with him thinking I'm divorced?" Madeline asked.
"Oh," Shelly replied, waving her fork lazily in the air. She held up one finger, telling Madeline to wait while she finished chewing.
"Faras kept me company while we were waiting for you. We spent a little time chatting and getting to know each other. I might have given him a blow job in the men's room. Anyway, I kinda told him that he should be nice to you, that you were in a rough space because you had signed your divorce papers today. Oh, that reminds me: you should take off your wedding rings."
"WHAT?!? Shelly, why would you tell him that?" Madeline exclaimed, overwhelmed by the rapid unloading of information Shelly had just dropped on her. "Wait, wait, wait -- back up. You gave him a blow job? In the men's room?"
Shelly nodded, grinning.
"He wasn't busy, my girlfriend was running late for our lunch date ... what was I supposed to do?"
Madeline just shook her head, staring at her slutty blonde friend with amusement and wonder. A blow job? That would explain the bulge in Faras's pants, she thought. And if Shelly had told him to be nice to her, it would also explain his flirtatious advance just a few moments earlier.
Was Faras hitting on her, hoping to get her number, and perhaps something more? From her, a supposed 30-something divorcee?
"Oh, he's coming. Quick, take off your rings."
Madeline reacted without thinking. She slid both her wedding and engagement rings off, laying them on the tablecloth in plain sight. She was surprised at how quickly and easily the rings now slid from her finger.
She was lost in that thought when she heard Shelly say, "Madeline thinks you're really cute."
"SHELLY!" then apologetically to their waiter. "I didn't say that. I mean, you are cute, but I didn't say that. I think she's a few wine glasses ahead of me."
Madeline kicked Shelly lightly under the table. "Tell him you're order."
"Owww!" Shelly laughed. "I'll have the grilled chicken mango salad."
"I'll have the cucumber tomato salad," Madeline said.
"No protein?" Shelly asked. She fluttered her eyelashes up at Faras. "Usually she likes our waiter to bring something with a little more ... meat."
Her gaze dropped to the young waiter's crotch. Madeline glanced there, too. She couldn't help herself. The bulge wasn't a small clump, or a partially erect manhood, tilted out of place. No, Faras was hiding a boner, solid, hard, aligned straight up and down with his zipper, tenting at the front of his pants.
"You are so bad!" Madeline exclaimed, bonking Shelly on the head with a menu, before handing it to Faras. "I'm sorry. Cut her off, no more wine."
"No, no, please. It's been a slow day, You gals are great. Lots of fun! I'll put these orders in right away."
"You are incorrigible," Madeline told her, after Faras had left. "I think that's why I like you so much!"
"Haha, guilty, as charged."
Madeline looked at her wedding rings, contemplating everything Shelly had told her.
"You know what you really need? Some R and R. Rest and relaxation. What are you doing this weekend?"
"I don't know," Madeline confessed. "Scott is taking Tommy up to the lake. It's a 'guys weekend', no girls allowed. Well, actually, there's no school on Monday, so they're going up for a three day weekend. I'm allowed to join sometime Sunday afternoon. Until then, it's just boys. Tommy is really looking forward to it."
"Perfect!" Shelly clapped her hands. "I know a guy who owns a yacht."
"Of course you do."
"And he has a cute friend. Let Scott and Tommy have their fun on the lake. You and I should go have some fun on the ocean! Think about it -- all day on a yacht! Soaking up some sun, showing off our bikini bodies, having some adult beverages. Oh, Maddy -- it will be so much fun. What do you say?"
It sounded like a great way to spend the day. And, knowing Shelly, their time was sure to be filled with many carnal delights. Madeline tried to come up with a single reason why she shouldn't go. Just one. Nothing came to mind.
"Ok," she smiled. "Let's do it!"
"Great! I'm so excited. I'll pick you up tomorrow around 7:00am. Now, tell me about your appointment with Nicholas. I want to hear EVERYTHING!"
*****
The ladies gossiped about their time with the shrink, Madeline first and then Shelly. Shelly really opened up to Madeline for the first time, revealing the reason she felt a need to contact Nicholas originally.
"This was months and months ago," she began, sipping on her wine. "You and I had gone on one of our regular Girls' Nights Out. I think we had gone to the Diamond Club."
"Oh, I love that place!"
"I had found this really cute guy and asked him to dance. His hands were all over me on the dance floor, like an octopus ... but I really liked it. He was getting me so hot and bothered. I told him I needed a breath of fresh air. I was going to get you, but he said he could use some cool air, too.
"It was so terribly humid that night. We didn't get much relief going outside. Walking out of the club was like walking into a sauna. We strolled around the side of the building and my car was conveniently parked there. I suggested we get inside, turn on the engine and max up the AC."
Madeline listened intently. This was the first time Shelly had cheated on her husband Bob. Madeline was drawing mental parallels to the first time she had cheated on Scott, just three nights ago.
While she listened, nibbling on her salad, Madeline kept making side-long glances toward Faras. He busied himself with odd jobs while keeping an eye on their table. Currently, he was wiping down silverware and glasses. He would often make eye contact with Madeline and hold it until she blushed and turned her face away.
"I was making out with him in the front seat. Just kissing, at first, but really hot and heavy. Then he took my hand and put it on his crotch."
Shelly closed her eyes, reliving the moment.
"Oh my God, I remember it was so hard beneath his pants. Bob really isn't a very large man, and this guy was huge! Isn't it weird that I can remember his cock, but I can't remember his name?"
Madeline's face became flushed, her own heart beating slightly faster. She was licking at a forkful of tomato, not eating it -- just licking the salad dressing from it's skin. She looked over and noticed Faras watching her. She made a long, seductive lick, from one end of the curved tomato slice to the other. Then she popped it in her mouth, the whole thing. Faras smiled and returned to the task of cleaning the silverware, but Madeline noticed him first adjusting the front of his pants.
"I pulled his cock out, and started going down on him -- right there in the car. I felt so naughty, so wanton. I knew that people might walk by my car at any moment. They might look down and see my head bobbing up and down on this guy's knob. But I didn't care.
"He had pulled the straps of my dress down, discovered I wasn't wearing a bra, and was playing with my nipples. Oh, he was driving me crazy, rubbing them, pinching them between his fingers. I think right then I knew I was going to fuck him.
"I was about to suggest we jump into the back seat, because the center console was getting in my way. Before I could suggest that, he reclined his seat. I laughed, because it's motorized. It reclines so slow. But while he was lowering back, I was scrambling over to get on top of him."
Madeline hadn't noticed, but subconsciously she had been pulling her dress up her thigh, inch by inch. She was enthralled by Shelly's story, and she felt moist at the juncture between her legs. She stabbed another forkful of vegetables while stroking the inside of her bare thighs.
"He had unbuttoned his shirt. There wasn't enough room to take all our clothes off, but we were quickly exposing the important parts. My breasts tickled across his chest as I started making out with him again. I was so fucking horny.
"He pulled my panties aside, and I slid back down onto his cock. I had an orgasm right away, just sliding down his pole. I had another one as we gave the shock absorbers a work-out. We fucked each other so hard, I worried the car alarms in the neighboring cars might go off. God, that car was rocking!
"I let him keep my panties as a momento, and went back to find you in the club. The whole thing couldn't have been more than 15 or 20 minutes, but it was the most mind-blowing sex I'd had since I was single."
"Wow," Madeline said, exhilarated. "Have you done that on other Girls' Nights?"
Shelly looked her square in the eye. "Every. Single. Time."
Madeline's eyes grew wide.
"Sometimes in the car. Sometimes in the restroom, mens or ladies. Sometimes just a dark, unlit area of the club. I think you even caught me giving some guy a blow job under the table -- oh wait, that was the first time I met Eric!"
"Yes, I remember," Madeline giggled.
"And see, I'm getting better at remembering their names, too."
"Gosh, I had no idea! You disappeared a lot, whenever we went out, but you always came home with me at night. No One Night Stands."
Shelly shrugged, finishing up her salad.
"I was getting what I needed at the club. There was no need to go home with the guy. Anyway, I found Nicholas Hines soon after that, when I first experienced some guilt over cheating on my husband. He really helped me.
"I also have a personal trainer who comes to the house one day a week. And let's just say the plumber does more pipe cleaning in my house than most others."
"Holy shit!" Madeline exclaimed. She was shocked, trying to process what her BFF was telling her. Shelly didn't just get it on Girls' Night. She was getting it every day of the week. By different guys!
'Peaking,' she thought to herself. 'Shelly and I, we're both peaking.'
That's why Scott was no longer interested in sex as much, she reasoned. He was past his prime. She had given him a weeks reprieve when this seduction game first started, wanting him to be super horned up and vulnerable to Shelly. Instead, he probably had been thankful that Madeline wasn't coming on to him every night. Perhaps the best way to save their marriage was to ration sex with him, maybe one or two times a week.
But how was Madeline going to be satisfied?
Faras had suddenly appeared, sitting comfortably in the seat next to her. His hand immediately returned to her lap. This time, however, he was touching bare skin. Madeline had pulled her dress up along her leg while Shelly was talking, and hadn't yet pulled it back down.
If he was surprised at the feel of her skin underneath his palm, he certainly gave no indication of it. Their eyes met, exchanging a shared secret, and then Faras said, "How was everything? Delicious?"
Both women looked at each other, nodding. Faras's fingertips curved down her inner thigh, caressing Madeline's soft, milky skin. Reflexively, Madeline opened her legs a little wider, encouraging his exploration.
"Excellent! And what shall we have for dessert?" Faras presented two dessert menu cards, placing one in front of both women.
As he spoke his hand crept further up Madeline's thigh. She felt with almost certainty he could feel the heat coming from her vagina now. If he kept going, his fingers would soon feel how wet her panties were.
"Oh, no, I just couldn't," Shelly began. "As it was, I really shouldn't have had those appetizers. They were amazing, but a girl has to keep her figure."
Shelly swept her hands slowly down her body, from her shoulder collarbone over the curve of her breasts and down over her tummy.
Faras's eyes may have been on Shelly, particular the fullness of her breasts on covered by the plunging V-neck of her open shirt. His hands, however, were on Madeline. His fingers brushed atop her mound, tracing the outline of her mons pubis. He squeezed the swollen lips between both fingers, measuring their thickness and sending a thrill up Madeline's spine.
"Now Shelly, you can't get any calories by looking," she was trying to make eye contact with her BFF, and express to her silently what was happening beneath the table. Shelly didn't notice. Instead, she looked half-heartedly at the menu.
Faras tugged Madeline's panties aside. His finger probed and explored her bare flesh. Madeline spread her knees wider apart. As if on queue, she felt a well-manicured finger dip inside her slit, swirling tentatively, then slide deeper inside her hole.
"Ohhhhhhh." Madeline moaned, then coughed. "Faras, is there anything you recommend?"
"Mmmmmm," Faras nodded, stirring his finger inside her. "The Chocolate Mousse is soft, silky smooth and delicious."
Madeline closed her eyes, feeling her excitement swell. Could he bring her to orgasm, right here at the table?
"The Creme Brulee is also quite good. The custard is a luscious vanilla cream, with a zest of orange. I scorch the custard right here at your table, with my own fingers."
Faras was driving his finger in and out of Madeline's pussy now. She heard his voice distantly, but understood the clear innuendo in his words. His fingers were now scorching the entrance to her vagina, alternately sliding into her pussy, then rubbing against her clit.
"Mmm, that's good. I mean, that sounds good."
"The Devil's Food Cake is layers upon layers of chocolate delight. It is a moist, thin cake with a silky chocolate frosting, six layers of each."
Madeline gripped the edge of the table, white-knuckled. She forced her breath to be steady, trying to avoid drawing attention to herself. She dropped her other hand to her lap, just as her orgasm started to swell. She gripped Faras's hand, driving his finger further inside her pussy. Her thighs clamped around his wrist, locking his hand in place, as she rocked onto him, back and forth. Madeline could feel herself cumming on the young waiter's finger, cumming on the seat of her chair.
"Oh, shit," she gasped softly.
"No, I don't think so," Shelly said, putting her menu down on the table. She seemed blissfully unaware that the brunette housewife just had an orgasm, only three feet away from her.
"Are you sure? They all sound so good," Madeline turned to Faras. "So, sooooooo good."
He smiled, bowing his head slightly.
"Very well," he said, taking the menus and getting to his feet. "I'll clear these plates and then ring up your check."
"Sorry, about that," Shelly apologized, after he left. "I just wasn't feeling that hungry."
"It's okay," Madeline shrugged.
"You should go get his phone number though," Shelly suggested. "Before we head out."
Madeline looked over at Faras, standing at his station. He was entering information in at a kiosk. She thought about what Shelly had told her earlier, that his name meant --
"Good gift," she said out loud, softly. Shelly heard her.
"Mmm-hmmm, he certainly was."
Madeline looked at her friend. Shelly was smiling wickedly.
"Watch my purse," Madeline told her. "I'll be right back."
She felt a little self-conscious walking across the dining area. Most of the lunch crowd patrons were dining outside on the patio, and Faras's section was mostly empty. Still, Madeline felt as if many eyes were upon her. She passed an older couple dining, and another of the wait staff carrying a tray of food to the patio. Before she reached the waiters kiosk, however, Faras had turned and was heading toward the kitchen.
Madeline hurried her pace. She didn't call out to him, for fear of drawing attention to herself, but she wanted to intercept him before he disappeared.
Faras suddenly swerved left, heading into a side hall rather than continuing toward the swinging kitchen doors. This hall contained entrances to the restrooms. Madeline turned the corner, just as the men's room door was swinging shut.
"Damn it," she muttered under her breath, drawing abruptly to a stop. What was she to do now? Just wait for him?
"I can't believe I'm doing this," she said, walking past the ladies room entrance and pushing the men's room door open. If there were any guys in here, other than Faras, she would simply look embarrassed and tell them she had read the sign wrong.
She didn't need to. There were no other men here, only the waiter. As she rounded the corner, she saw him standing near the wash basins. He was leaning back against the counter, his belt unbuckled and his pants already pulled halfway down his thigh.
At a glance, Madeline became aware that Faras was a strong and virile young man. His cock was sticking straight up, straining toward the ceiling, hard and fully erect. It was chocolatey brown, just like the rest of him, and he was stroking it slowly.
"Is Madam interested in some dessert after all?" he asked, adopting a playful French accent.
Madeline smiled, crossing the tiled floor.
"Madam is very much interested in dessert, but she's also hoping to get your phone number."
Faras looked down. Madeline followed his gaze. There was a napkin on the counter near him, and a pen nearby. A phone number was written on the napkin.
"Excellent," she said, slowly dropping to her knees in front of him. "Then let's see about this dessert."
Faras's cock seemed impossibly stiff. Madeline marveled at how the flow of blood to an otherwise limp, fleshy organ could make it swell and grow so incredibly hard. She wrapped her hands around the shaft, stroking him, then cooed softly.
"Ooooh, this is nice," she looked up into his eyes.
Holding his gaze, Madeline stuck her tongue out and licked up the full length of his shaft. It was a long, slow lick, from the base of his cock to the tip.
"Ohhhhhhhhh," he rolled his head back and moaned to the ceiling. The acoustics of the small, tiled bathroom amplified the sound. Madeline smiled. She loved this ability to give a man so much pleasure that he would make such a sound.
Madeline kissed the tip of his cock. A small droplet of pre-cum clung to her upper lip. She smiled, then licked it off with the tip of her tongue.
Tilting her head to the side, she licked the soft, sensitive area beneath the cap. Faras's whole body twitched in response. Madeline held his cock adoringly, planting small, wet kisses on the shaft, slowly kissing her way back down to the base. Each kiss made a soft sucking sound that echoed in the room.
She repeated the motion, licking her way up his penis, letting her tongue glide slowly over the texture of him. She felt bumps under her tongue -- all the little side veins, trailing off from the main central one, each bulging with blood, making his cock hard and full.
"Mmmmmmmm," she said, taking the tip of his manhood into her mouth, tasting him.
Madeline stroked the waiter's dick while sucking on him, causing his whole body to tense up like a coiled spring. She stuck her tongue out, swirling it around that sensitive underside, while sucking the bulbous tip past her lips, then further into her mouth. This elicited another groan from him.
She forced herself to go further down on him. Her eyes watered as she took him deeper and deeper down her throat. She held her gag reflex as long as she could. When she started to choke, Madeline came up off him sputtering.
"So big," she gasped. Great long strings of saliva and throat mucus clung to his cock, dribbling from her lips.
"No girl has ever done it like that before. On me." His voice was full of wonder, his breath short.
"Oh, honey, I'm going to show you a lot of things those college girls haven't."
Faras pushed his hips forward, inching his cock toward her mouth again.
"You like having my lips around your dick, don't you? You want to fuck my pretty little mouth?"
Faras fumbled with the straps of her dress, clumsily pulling them off her shoulders, and then did the same with her bra strap. He clearly wanted to see more of her. Madeline helped, pulling the top of her dress and bra down below her boobs.
"Mmmmmm," Faras said, looking down at her big tits. "Those are nice."
Madeline cupped them, lifting one to her mouth and licking at her nipple. Faras tweaked the other nipple between his fingers, pinching it. Madeline gasped.
She opened her mouth, sticking her tongue out past her lower lip. Faras gripped his cock. He pushed the tip into her mouth, sliding himself over her tongue. He began thrusting his hips, holding her head while feeding his dick to her again and again. Madeline put her hands on his thighs, letting this young stud have his way with her.
"Ermf, glurk. Glurk. Nnh glurk, gluck, gluck, gluck," the sound of her face fucking echoed throughout the room. As before, the tiles seemed to amplify the sound, bouncing off the walls.
If Madeline had not been so caught up with lust, she might have recognized the sound now echoing in the room. It was the same sound she had heard this past Saturday, when she had called Shelly for an update. Had she been able to seduce her husband?
At the time, unbeknownst to her, Shelly was in a position very similar to the one Madeline was now in. Only Shelly had been poolside and was getting face fucked by Madeline's husband, Scott.
"Glurk, glurk, guck, gluck."
Madeline felt saliva dribble sloppily down onto her chest, ooze down between her breasts. Was she going to have Faras shoot his load there, jizzing all over her tits? Or was she going to take his cum in her mouth, swallowing his sweet load down her throat?
The latter, Madeline thought, as she started stroking his cock and sucking him into her mouth. She was bobbing her head faster now, feeling his body start to tense up. He was close! She gripped him more tightly, quickening her pace.
She heard the bathroom door open. Shit! Someone else was coming into the restroom!
Madeline's first instinct was to leap up, to run quickly into a nearby stall before whomever it was came around the corner. But Faras put his hands on her shoulder, holding her in place.
Footsteps came around the corner and paused. She didn't glance over, but rather continued at her task. She sucked on Faras's dick, bobbing her head up and down. The footsteps did not retreat, and they did not get closer.
'Very well,' Madeline thought. 'We have an audience.'
And so, she began a performance for both man. She twisted her hands around the waiter's long shaft, stroking him, while sucking on the top half of his dick. She slurped noisily, filling the room with that sound.
Faras moaned, his body stiffened.
"Mm-hmmmm," she told him, keeping her lips wrapped around his dick. "Mm-hmmm!"
She bobbed her head in his pole faster now, feeling his release building. His hips were starting to buck, thrusting to meet her mouth.
"Come on, baby," she told him. "Give me that cum."
Madeline just managed to get her lips wrapped back around him when he exploded.
"Unnnnnh," he groaned, unloading a thick stream of sperm into her mouth, followed by two more. "Unnnnmnnnhhhhhh. Aaaaaaaaaaah!!"
Some of it dribbled on her chin, but Madeline kept most of him in her mouth. She moaned softly and swallowed.
"Mmmmmm-hmmmmm!"
She still had her lips wrapped around the waiter's dick when the footsteps to her left continued to a vacant bathroom stall. The show was over.
Madeline stroked the waiter's cock gently, sucking on him -- coaxing every last drop from him. She then rose to her feet, pulling her bra and shoulder straps back into place. She wiped his jizz from her lips and chin, then licked it from her fingers.
"Thank you," she said, smacking her lips. "That was indeed a Good Gift."
Faras smiled shyly, then handed her the napkin with his phone number on it. Madeline took the napkin, folded it, then slid it under her bra strap.
She looked in the mirror a moment, was going to take another minute to wipe down her face, adjust her mussed up hair, but then thought, why bother? Shelly would surely know what just transpired anyway. She left the restroom heading back to her table.
"How was dessert?" Shelly asked, knowingly.
"Delicious," Madeline said, grabbing her wedding rings and purse from the table. "Ready to go?"