Breakfast in bed the boys feed on Margo's every move. NAPKIN?
*
Margo Needy was having another rough night sleeping. It had been almost a week since her son Elliot had gone off to study in Paris. With only texts to go on Margo's prodigal son was having the time of his life, even mastering the French language. Not to mention he had already set his sights on a cute French girl, even though he shared no info on the girl at all, not even her name. She missed her boy. Although having only raised him a mere 12 years after she and her husband Darryl adopted the lad at age 7, he was pretty much all she had left. Darryl having been killed in a car crash left her the sole provider with only dwindling insurance money and an expiring contractual obligation he had with the college he coached for. Until now she thought she would lose everything. She still might. Unless a miracle happened.
Then, came her son's friends stepping up to at least give her some form of hope. She had pondered on renting out rooms in her luxurious home in the Poconos to be able to prolong her forced sale of the estate. Darryl's insurance was not enough to pay the 180-acre property off, let alone upkeep. His contract keeping the utilities on and feeding her for the time being. Luckily, she maintained a diet to keep herself fit. At Darryl's insistence Margo had kept herself in perfect physical condition without going over the top. Both becoming fitness junkies until Margo just couldn't see stopping. Now that Darryl was gone it was all that she truly had left.
She was all alone, with the exception of roommates. Four nineteen-year-old boys, her son's friends. Only two of which had moved in at the moment, the remaining two shortly. What little financial assist was welcomed. They would at least provide company and save her on having to pay any groundskeeper, pool cleaner, among other things. All strapping young lads with good intentions. The sex was not bad either. Oh yes, Margo Needy had sampled the young men upon arrival. Two all the way, the other two on the way. So far things were looking up.
Hearing the birds noisily waking up outside her bedroom window she covers her head with her pillow, not even that quieted their symphony of annoyance. Why was it already so warm? Living amid mountains it should be so much cooler. This year was becoming unseasonably hot already. Kicking away her blankets to rest on top of her sheet Margo Needy enjoyed what coolness the sendoff allowed. As she always does, slumbering in the nude left a breath of freedom. This was a habit that husband Darryl also expected of her thus becoming second nature over the years.
This was something she hated changing. But, having four young men in her home meant that she might someday encounter an unexpected intruder, even if it was on innocent terms. Not having a lock on her bedroom door kind of meant she probably should start wearing at least something. After locking herself out of her bedroom multiple times over the years Darryl changed the knob to prevent any future happenstance, not to mention he found the easy access exhilarating when he had guests over. Topic for another day. She was not that handy herself to go and change the knob.
Another she should moment crept over her thoughts. She could ask one of the boys to change the knob to install a proper lock, but that might mean two things, one they would mistake her intention and assume she didn't trust them, or old habits might rise up and she could lock herself out again. Margo sighed heavily and chose to just keep what she had. Surely, the boys would not just walk right in without knocking. They were respectful outside of some innocent flirting. Well, Brian not so much, he was the wild one.
Of course, she jeopardized that when things ended up leading to her seducing them in ways that made them both think that they were the one doing it. Giving in but pleading that they keep quiet in order to make it appear that they were each her sole lover. So far both Cabot Ross and Brian Hancock had kept quiet, doing things that made her feel good about herself, calming to her insecurity. She was in all reality not that insecure at all, but it helped her cover story. It did brighten her day. She was one hell of an actress.
Lifting her pillow away from her face she places it beneath her again and stares at the walls. It was too quiet. With only Brian and Cabot having already moved in she felt secure and safe out here seven miles from civilization, alone that might have been her undoing. Heath and Eric moving in today and tomorrow after their jobs allowed them time to do so, would mean a full house. This would take some getting used to. It had only ever been she, Darryl, and Elliot living here before now, soon the number would be five. All she hoped for was that the boys would keep the noise level down and pay their $450.00 rent on time. That extra $1,800.00 a month could be banked and rescue her during tax time. Under the table she could hide it from the IRS and put it in a safe hidden in her attic. Small increments deposited in her bank account for utility purposes. The plan seemed good. Time would tell their reliability. Cabot was already off to a good start paying her $900.00 up front. Brian only his rent without a deposit. She hadn't really demanded a deposit because she knew the boys weren't wealthy. She was being motherly.
A whiff of food captured her nostrils and made her tummy growl. Since Elliot had left, her appetite was just not there, outside of fruit. Today she was finding that it was long overdue to get back on track. Considering it time to get up, her bedside clock saying 6:45 AM, Margo started to roll over on to her side, but ended up collapsing back on to her frontal. Covering herself halfway with her top sheet she relented to a few more minutes of laziness. Although that food smelled so good. She could distinguish eggs and bacon. Groaning at her tummy she heard footsteps outside her door in the hallway. "Either Brian, Cabot, or both must be taking their breakfast to their rooms to eat." She could envision dirty dishes sitting on a dresser for two weeks. Of course, so far this week the two boys had kept things spotless. Perhaps not. It was too early to really form an opinion.
"My God those eggs are hypnotic." She sighs. "Get out of bed Margo." Margo just couldn't rally. She was going to have to. Her bedroom door busted open making her jump. In marched both Cabot and Brian as if they owned the place. She looked up seeing both boys circulating, Brian moving past her to open her curtains to let the daylight in. Blinded, she covers her eyes. In her loss of vision her ears pick up what was necessary.
"Crap! Turn around Brian." Cabot said, "Might want to cover up Margo. Sorry."
Realization that she was nude only partially covered by her top sheet, she squealed nasally and swiftly snatched up her silk sheet to slip beneath it and cover her chest. Her act was right on point, she certainly was not bothered but to keep her dual beliefs between the boys she feigned complete and utter shock. The sheet went clear over her up to her throat, held there by clenched fingers.
"BOYS! You can't just barge in unannounced."
She knew Brian had not looked away once and had to take a deep breath. Seeing Cabot holding a breakfast tray she understood what was happening. Cabot with his eyes lowered meant he was truly sorry. Perhaps another well played act. Brian began fidgeting, maybe he was sorry too. She was not the only good actor in the house.
"We brought you breakfast in bed to show our appreciation." Cabot informed her.
"Right! Freshly squeezed OJ even. You need to eat Margo. Don't think we... aren't noticing your neglect in appetite." His own mouth was watering just looking at Margo shyly concealing her gorgeous body. Upon entering he had caught a healthy dose of skin before she covered herself. That thin sheet was hardly helpful, he could still see her ever taunt nipples poking through it.
"I knew that food was getting closer." She inhaled and eyed the tray with inquisitive eyes. "I'm covered up Cabot. You can open your eyes. Thank you for being a gentleman. Unlike others in the room." She winced at Brian who immediately grinned and mumbled an apology once again. He was sooo not sorry and she knew it. A hidden wagged tongue from Cabot made her wish it was on her clit.
Cabot joining reality wasted no time in carefully sitting down next to her hip and passing the tray over to her. "You might need to sit up more." He encouraged her from her laying there moment. Hissing a tad, she scooted up on her mattress awkwardly until reclined against her headboard. Seeing her discomfort Brian darted to her other side and snatches up a secondary pillow to plant behind her. In his swiftness he caught a glimpse of her full backside down to her butt, compressed on the mattress but still visible.
"Not looking. Just tushioning... I mean cushioning your back."
"Knock it off Brian. We've embarrassed the hell out of Margo as it is."
"I'm fine Cabot. Just... don't make a habit of storming in here without knocking." Although, it seemed rather erotic. All it would take for them is to rip that sheet away, see her naked and admit they had both already fucked her. Truth be told she would have been okay with that. Still, she really hoped they might keep their secrets a few more days to give her time to seduce the incoming Heath Talbot and Eric Crowe.
"We promise we'll knock next time. Right, dumbass?" He sneered at Brian who flipped him off.
"Now! Now! No name calling. Brian gets the idea. Don't you Brian?"
"Sure!" He shakes his head no just to make her squirm. It was more adjusting her angle than any squirm but let him think what he wanted.
In her repositioning Cabot notes that her sheet slipped a bit under her grasp revealing more cleavage. His passing down the tray for a rest over her hips she reluctantly released the sheet trying to make sure he didn't spill anything. The teetering tall glass of juice gave her reason not to want it spilling and drowning her sheets. Again, without her holding the sheet to her chest, it slid lower until her chest very nearly exposed nipples. Brian sitting on her left pressed his weight on her sheet to prevent her tugging it up, forcing a wince out of Margo, explaining how evil he was through eye contact. He definitely had the horns for her juicy Y. The boys were slick.
"Ummm!" She lowers her gaze to her chest to see how much was accidently exposed, attempting to hold her tray while using one hand to pull on the sheet. Brian's weight holding it down became evident that he was not going to release it. "UP!" She frowned at the young man. No hurry, he stayed put.
"Up? We are." He wanted to point at his erection but saw Cabot threatening him with a glare. "Oh, I thought you meant... we had to be up to make you... breakfast. So naïve."
"Brian... I can't lift my sheet. This is... awkward."
"Get off you idiot." Cabot cast a thumb to make his friend lighten up.
"I'd love to." He pictures jerking off but rolls away to allow Margo to tug more sheet up toward her chest. Cabot holds her tray up just long enough for her to cover more of her tits. She then looked to Cabot with a troubled gaze.
"You need to get up too."
"Ohhh, he's up." Brian snickers.
"Sorry. Not thinking." Cabot lifts away, leaving the tray to weight her down. As she rolls her eyes, she lifts her own tray trying to decide how best to achieve her goal. It was almost a no-win situation. With her hands lifting the tray her sheet escaped again. This time the fabric toppled over her right nipple. Using her elbow to hide it made her gasp.
"BOYS! I need help here."
"On it." Cabot dove in to snatch her sheet over her chest, in his swiftness his knuckle brushed right over the nipple. The contact made Margo bulge her eyes even as she notes Cabot blushing without color.
"Oh, he's on it." Brian mumbles again, "Wish I was."
"SHIT! I'm sooo sorry Mom... Margo." He covers her and tucks the sheet under her armpit for her to restrain it better. As the sheet tightened up Brian realized the silky sheet had formed over her entire body, every contour.
"You boys cannot possibly feel like I'm your second mother. I'm only 34 I'm only 15 years older than the both of you." She settles her nerves a bit to rest her tray down. Plucking up her fork she manages a bite of scrambled eggs. "Mmm! Delicious."
Brian concurs staring at her lap, the silk sheet dipping in over her thighs like a second skin. "Yes, you are."
"What was that, Brian?" Margo smiled taking a drink of juice.
"I said I squeezed the life out of that orange. It squirted everywhere."
"I hope you cleaned things up."
"It was pretty messy. It took a half dozen oranges to get it right." He chuckled.
"Well, thank you both for this... pleasant surprise."
"You're worth it, Mrs. Needy." Brian winked.
Bacon nibbled she found it crispy but melting in her mouth. "This is sooo good. Who did the cooking?"
"I did." Cabot confessed sitting down next to her, "I love cooking. I'm actually thinking about culinary school. I've been trying to talk the restaurant I wait at into letting me move up to chef, but they say not enough experience. I'll cook dinner now and then for everyone as long as they pitch in on the food."
"I'm sure we can manage that. Right Brian?" Margo eyes him as he uses a wrist to wipe his mouth of drool. She shakes her head, wondering if he was drooling over her or the bacon. She was not so naïve as to think the boys were not looking her over under the circumstances. Having already sampled her that really was a dumb question. That, and a careful glance at Brian's crotch and seeing a bulging erection gave her a confirmed clue. "Right, Brian?"
"What? Oh, yeah, I love eating. I could eat all day long." She blushes at his choice of words. His tongue was talented, that was clear. So was Cabot's for that matter.
"Bro, watch how you phrase things. Sorry Margo, I hope you don't get the wrong idea here. We're really only trying to show you that we appreciate you allowing us to live in your home."
"I love these sheets Mrs. Needy." Brian chooses to move closer and runs his palm over them next to her left leg. "Silky smooth." Her pussy should be this silky. Close, she only had a very fine landing strip as it was.
"They're silk. Camel silk I think it's called."
"Soft as a baby's butt." Brian continues caressing it mesmerized by her leg so close to his knuckles, "Not that I touch a babies butt. HUMP DAY!" He laughs. It was a Thursday.
"The color of the sheet almost matches skin." Cabot adds.
"Most silk is hard to dye any other shade. This is silks natural color." As she finishes her eggs and toast, she nods her approval, "Job well done Chef Ross."
"Glad you liked it. Get used to this treatment Margo we're here to make your life easier. Call it creature comforts." Cabot stands up and starts to claim her tray, "We should probably get out of here."
"WAIT! Don't remove the tray." Brian abruptly jumps up and moves to the foot of her bed. Pulling her blankets off he grips the sheet and grins. "I always wanted to try pulling the tablecloth out from under the plates."
"DON'T YOU DARE." Margo snatches the sheet to her chest. Her eyes bulge at his determined look. He tugs the sheet slightly then busts up laughing, "Had you going, didn't I?"
"What am I going to do with you boys?" She sneers with a sigh of relief. While Cabot takes the tray, she stretches out a bit more level and yawns. As Brian starts to step away, she clears her throat loudly, "Forgetting something Brian?" Her smile made his dick twitch.
"Need me to f-tuck you in?"
"You pulled my blankets off. Make my bed now."
"Yeah, don't leave your job half done." Cabot laughs.
Trudging to the foot of her bed again he starts to lift the outer blanket when he hears her sigh, "Tuck the sheet under the mattress first."
He grimaces at her then had a devilish idea. Gripping the sheet, he fans it high offering a gust of breeze up under it that made her gasp with an expression of surprise. The breeze taunted her inner thighs and made her stare at him with a moment of temptation. He fans it a second time out of sheer meanness, this time higher, looking under it as it cloaked his gaze from her. He saw her uncross her legs letting him see her pussy. He laughed and tucked the sheets.
"You are evil Brian Hancock."
"Sorry, I couldn't resist tormenting you. I didn't see anything so don't worry. I swear I had my eyes closed." She knew better. Margo was wetter than ever.
"While I enjoy your youth that was uncalled for."
"Like Cabot said, get used to it mom. We're not just here to help you keep your house. We all decided that we never wanted to see you sad again. So... goofy things like this is only to keep you smiling." He pulls the blankets back into place and literally covers her up all the way to her chest. Her eyes follow him all the way up as he tucks her in properly. In a bold move, Brian leans over her and kisses her forehead. "Take a nap. Unless you want me to read you a bedtime story."
"I'm fine." She frowns trying not to give in to a smile. "Close my curtains before you leave, please."
"Do we have to do everything around here Missy?" Brian rolls his eyes moving to the window directly facing her bed. As he closed the curtains, he snatches up something tiny and puts it in his pants pocket.
"You're the one who opened them." She giggles.
"Come on Bro." Cabot motioned toward the door with a nod, "See you when you officially wake up."
"Thank you for breakfast."
"Thank you for being so cool."
"Speaking of cool." She growls, "BRIAN GET BACK HERE."
Eyes popping at her raised voice he jumps and shuffles to her side prepared to hop into bed with her. She stops him laughing, "It's hot in here. Pull my blankets down neatly, then go back to my window and open it."
"Couldn't have told me that when I covered you up and closed the curtains?"
"It just occurred to me." She sheepishly grins. Her hands beneath her covers were never even noticed. Swiftly, Brian rolled her blankets down to her feet neatly, if he had bothered to look more closely, he might have seen Margo's hand touching herself. At the door Cabot did notice.
"Holy crap. Margo's rubbing her pussy. This is nuts us having to lie to one another. She wants us bad." Cabot found himself wanting to get closer but forcefully restrained himself. He watched her while she observed Brian open the window. A gust of cool air exploded through the room. As it flowed over Margo, she closes her eyes and exhales a light moan. "That was delightful."
As Brian turns to face her, he notices Cabot pointing at Margo then moving his hand to his own crotch as if mimicking her masturbation. Brian offered a disgusted look at Cabot touching his erection. As the nodding proceeded Brian followed his lead, finally spotting Margo's temptation. Her knuckles beneath the sheet gave her away. Margo was playing with herself. No mistaking that.
"Anything else you want me to do Margo?" Brian moves to the side of her bed as she keeps her eyes sealed. Her fingers rubbing her pussy was totally evident. He bit his own knuckle watching her.
"No. Thank you boys."
Brian plops down directly next to her and grins, "Are you certain there's nothing else I can do for you?" He notices her nipples stabbing up through the sheet. In a brash move Brian reaches over and brushes at her chest right over both nipples, her eyes opening to study his intrusive hands upon her person. "Breadcrumbs." With a scowl she knew better. It did feel good.
"Anything else we can get you?" Cabot added.
Her eyes flaring at his move she bites her lower lip. "No. I can handle the rest."
"You have butter on your lip." He points at her face. In response she licks her lips. Not tasting butter, she squints at him. "Messing with ya mom."
"Evil."
"If you only knew." He chuckles.
"I'm sure I'll regret allowing you to move in." She sneers, "Close the door on your way out."
"You sure? It's a lot cooler with the cross breeze." He just wanted to spy on her.
"Well, at some point I'll need to get up and get dressed. With you boys having your bedrooms up here I don't want to be caught off guard again. Even by accident."
"You worry too much." Brian laughs.
"No. I might worry too little. Close the door behind you." Of course, she wanted that door wide open. In the future once everything was out in the open that whole lock dilemma would never be stressed over again.
"Kiss my forehead?" He laughs.
Grimacing she removes a hand from beneath her sheet and pelts his forehead with her fingers, "GO AWAY BRIAN."
He chuckles and gets up walking away. Meeting Cabot at the door he suddenly notices his forehead was damp. Wiping it with his hand he bulges his eyes. Even Cabot realized the dampness was from her fingers rubbing an obviously wet pussy. Looking back, they see Margo with her head tilted back, eyes closed, mouth wide. Her fingers were going to town on her pussy. The sheet over her breasts creeping lower in her frustrations. Thirty seconds later she hisses, "I said close the door." Her voice soft and sensuous.
They sealed the door until it clicked. Standing outside they heard soft moans that escalated into a far louder octave. They recalled her moans very well. Margo Needy had a deafening orgasm. Brian licked his fingers of her wiped away wetness and expressed a deep yearning. Cabot drug his friend out of range against his will.
"Did you plant that dash cam by her window?"
"Fuck! I removed it when I closed her curtains."
"YOU MORON! We could have had video of her masturbating." Cabot's suggestion that they set up the cam maintained his feigned ignorance of her requested secret. He thought it was a good idea to throw Brian off and still get some juicy footage.
"She wants us, or she wouldn't have done that."
"Margo made us leave. She's just..." Maybe she did. Minds were blown. They swiftly crept back toward her door leaving the breakfast tray by the stairs.
In her bed Margo dared to lay atop her sheet the entire time. Daring mentally for the boys to barge right back in and catch her. The stimulation of thought gave her convulsions. If the cam had been left it would have been the perfect show. As her desires diminished, she shivered and slapped her mattress out of frustration.
"That was fun. Time to behave Margo." Her sheepish expression led to suckling her fingertips of her juices. Biting down on a nail with exhilaration she leers at the door and sees shadows beneath it. They had been listening to her. Her thoughts intensify at the imagery and her fingers are reintroduced. Why was she doing this? The boys challenging her during breakfast under such circumstances had been more than her own self-control could resist. While not wanting to go too far in favor of her game she let them tease her instead. This was so wrong but feeling closer than ever to right. If she gave them the impression that she was turned on by them, things would only escalate beyond her control. Still, it had been a really long time since Darryl. There had been no other men but him since. Until Cabot, then Brian. Whimpering a bit as fingers moved in and out of her, she watches the shadows and listens for whispers. Nothing.
Memories of the day that they took Elliot to the Philadelphia airport in Brian's truck flood over her. Having to sit in the laps of Heath, Eric, and Cabot. Brian's brother Jeffrey watching from the front seat as she was bounced all over the place. She tried her best to behave, and overall, she did, but in wearing a short dress it was impossible to deny the fact that her bare bottom was basically giving each of them a lap dance without even trying. Keeping it too herself that she knew both Eric and Cabot had pulled out their cocks to let her sit on them skin on skin. She played along. Even in the long drive after falling asleep she worried what they might do. It was really hot that day even with the air on. To a degree she felt like a stripper that day. She should have known then and there that things were going to get out of hand. Boys would be boys. She even removed her panties on the way home after a forced squat to pee along the interstate. The ride gave her plenty to think about. Their own thoughts even darker as they massaged her.
"Stop this, Margo." She winces as fingers patrol her G-spot. "Stoooooooopp it this instance." Her fingers told her no. Her hormones were too on fire. As the shadows lurked, she squeezed a breast, nibbling her lower lip, and fought off blinking. "This feels so fucking good." She needed to control herself, she knew that. Regardless of what she had already done with these two boys they were her son's friends. As she whimpers a soft rap on the door flares her eyes even brighter.
"Margo? Are you alright?" She heard Cabot. Resisting a reply, she strains at her sensations brewing within for a second orgasm. Knowing at least Cabot was there listening she escalates her moans into more of the sounds of distress. Let scene two begin. ACTION!
"Noooo!" Don't cum Margo she huffed.
"Margo?"
The doorknob creaks and she quietly reacts with panic. Tugging the sheet back over her in a rush she feigns an uneasy slumber, sweaty and trembling Margo returns her fingers to the succulence of her pussy. In and out she waits to see what happens. The door eases open further and unknown to her both boys look in to see her writhing. Brian started to say something, but Cabot palmed his mouth to silence him. She looked as if she were having a bad dream. She must have fallen asleep fast after her earlier orgasm. They knew better but Cabot played along in convincing Brian. He didn't care one way or the other, he knew she was touching herself.
Creeping in, Margo felt their presence and slowed her fingering, not wanting to cum right in front of them. A tender entry and exit she rolled around a bit under her silk sheet, every contour again hugging her curves. "Nooo! Don't leave me." Cabot bulged his eyes. Was she referring to he and Brian? Or, to her husband Darryl? Tiptoeing closer to her bedside the boys shared in her drama, awestruck by her beauty. Even the sheet on her chest drifted lower, both boys anticipating a nipple exposure shortly. She looked sad in her faint mumbles. "I don't want to be alone."
Fist bumping the boys prided themselves on what they were hearing. Brian took the lead and sat back down beside her making certain he didn't sit on her sheet. Moving it aside just enough to keep her from feeling him so close. "I need you." She barely recites wondering just what the boys were thinking of her performance. Her fingers inside her were hidden by a raised leg that stretched her sheet up to show her flesh from armpit to hip. Just enough to tease she thought.
Looking over at Cabot, Brian silently mouthed the word, "Fuuuuuuck!"
Cabot moved quietly around the bed to the other side and where her hidden masturbation was harder to mask. She didn't want to stop, so she didn't. He could see her hand working it ever so slowly. Fearful of being busted Cabot scurried around the bed and motioned Brian to follow him out. The second Brian stood up she went into more theatrics. Acting as if stressed within her dream she rolled left, the sheet revealing her bare butt for only a second before she turned to face them again. In her frolicking aimlessly her right leg escaped the sheet all the way up to her thigh. Her fingers still inside her were barely hidden by the sheet. The boys dropped their jaws. Her breasts were still covered just enough to antagonize them.
"I miss your touch." She exhales softly, "Caressing my body."
"FUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCK!" They both mouthed even more enthusiastically.
"Making love to me." She continues her fever dream while awake. This was too much fun torturing these poor boys. The question remained, if she did resort to cumming again they might presume it was a game. She needed to keep it under the radar. "Please make love to me. PLEASE!" She blurts out rolling to her back, her hip in full view now. Somehow that damnable sheet still clung to her breasts. It was obvious now that she was fingering herself, her hand lifting the sheet in a dance of cloth revealing even more hip then losing, revealing, losing sight. The boys were in absolute statue mode.
Brian nods his wish fulfillment and unzips his pants. Stressed, Cabot stops him from going any further mouthing, "Don't be an idiot."
"I wanna fuck her." He stressed with a glare.
"MMMMMMMM!" She releases a moan to entice. "It's been such a long time. No Elliot is sleeping. Take me!" She rolls a bit more and blesses them with their first ever solid look at her breasts since entering her room. Of course, that was untrue, but both boys wouldn't admit it to one another. Her game had them wrapped around her pinky. Finally, the sheet gave way.
"AWESOME." They mouthed. Brian swiftly pulled his cell out and took a picture of them. The flash seemed to make her react. Slowing her masturbation, she shuddered a bit as if the dream was fading away. Cabot feigned sweating bullets, grabbing Brian's shirt to drag him away. At the door for safety, they lingered to see if she was waking up. As she did revive looking up at the ceiling she acted as if uncertain where she was. Time to go Cabot closed the door ever so quietly. Brian was stoked by the photo he took. Showing it immediately to Cabot for a shared grin
Giggling gently, Margo turned to the door nibbling her wet fingernail. Still shadows beneath the threshold she ponders what she had done. That was so risky but so very hot, wondering what would happen if she had continued. This act was over the top, letting them see her breasts. Surely, they would tell Heath and Eric. A worthy test of their loyalty at best. Once they hear of it even, they might try being as sneaky. Smiling she returns her fingers to her pussy. Just once more. Let them. She could be sneaky too.
"I wonder what they would do if I screamed?"
That would be for another day...
"Bad idea Margo. This can only get worse." Giggling she sighs, "God, I hope it gets worse." Why couldn't Margo Needy stop smiling? "Teasing them both harboring my seductions just seemed right. Keep them intrigued." Oh, it was going to be lots of fun from that point onward. "I'll just play along as if I didn't know they watched me do that. See if they fess up, or admit they want to see me more. So wrong. So wrong Margo. No, darn it. That was the right thing to do." The game was afoot.
"You leave that dash cam this time?" Cabot wondered.
"FUCK NO!"
"Idiot!"
It didn't matter. Shockingly they did keep this photo of her masturbating to themselves and still never revealed to one another that they had already fucked the shit out of their new landlady. It was almost laughable that they actually kept it it all a secret from one another. Picture forwarded to Cabot the boys went to their rooms.
A picture was worth a thousand jerks.