It was nearly their anniversary and James and Rachel were preparing for a weekend getaway to a city at the other end of the state. The hotel room was booked, all they had to do was get there. Knowing that it was gonna be a long overnight drive, James had convinced Rachel to slip a wireless vibrating bullet into both her pussy and ass before getting in the car. Of course, he had the remotes for both in his pocket and he was excited to use these new toys.
They'd been driving for three hours when suddenly Rachel felt a slight buzzing from both bullets. "Took you long enough to turn those on," she said with a glance at James who looked at her with a cheeky smile. "They aren't as strong as I tho- OH!"
Rachel was cut off when James suddenly cranked up the vibration from the bullet in her backdoor. "What was that, beautiful? I didn't catch that" he grinned. Just as Rachel opened her mouth to speak, he dropped the power to a very slight hum, eliciting a groan of disapproval from the one wearing the gadgets inside her. "Sorry lover, you looked like you were about to say something?"
"You're evil. You know that, right?" Rachel glared at him, a spark of arousal dancing in her eyes. "You better be careful with those, I don't want to get int-" She was again cut off as James turned up the power on both vibrators. The next sound from her was a sexy moan, giving her approval for the sensations coming from within. With another glance, she stopped trying to speak, knowing he was just going to tease her further.
James could see that she was now focusing on driving and the road ahead. He eased off of the power to the twin toys he was using to sexually torment her, thinking about how he could really get her going. They had already planned to stop at a rest stop for an hour or two of sleep near the half-way point and that was maybe an hour away with how light traffic was at the moment. The variable speed options on two separate vibrators could definitely be utilized well, but what speeds would be best...
James looked at the controllers, the couple buttons on each didn't give any kind of indication of what setting the bullets were on, he could only guess with each click and Rachel's reaction. Going by how easily she seemed to be ignoring them, it must be on a fairly low setting. Higher than the first click, certainly, but not very powerful.
Rachel was watching him out of the corner of her eye as he studied the remotes for the little bits of frustrating pleasure buried inside her. James was up to something, there were no doubts about that, but what was something she could only speculate. She looked him over briefly, admiring his strong, yet fair facial structure... The way his arms weren't overly muscular yet still he wielded a lot of strength... Rachel pictured the light covering of hair on his torso and how it made him just a bit cuddlier. She could feel herself getting wetter than she already was from the vibrators.
James noticed his lover squirming out of the corner of his eye and saw his chance. He clicked the vibrators up a little, watching as Rachel first jumped in her seat behind the wheel before shifting a bit, seemingly to settle in a position that put less pressure on the encapsulated motors inside her orifices. James could smell a slight musk in the air, telling him that his efforts were paying off: Rachel was getting very wet and horny.
Rachel didn't even look at her man as she got comfortable again. With the sensations from both bullets buzzing inside her more powerful, she had to work harder to focus on the road. It wasn't far to the next rest stop and there she intended to get the remotes from James and put a stop to his game for the night. She wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of getting to her any more than he had already.
The remainder of the drive to the rest stop went by with only the sound of the engine and the air rushing around the car as it sped along the highway. Soon, the signs along the road directed them to the rest stop where Rachel pulled in, parked, and killed the motor. James had slipped the controls for the bullets into his pocket, thinking they would get out and stretch their legs for a bit and was starting to open the door when suddenly Rachel was grabbing at his hands looking for the remotes. James was laughing as he got out and held up his empty hands. "I put them away! I swear!" he turned his hands around in every angle to show he wasn't holding the remotes.
"Yeah, well, I'll get them later you know." Rachel threatened, "and just imagine all the fun I'll have without you involved!" She laughed as she saw James' crestfallen face. His disappointment was so clear, she couldn't help herself, "Oh come on, you know I always cum better with you than alone." She shook her head slowly as a grin appeared where James' frown had just been. "Although, it never hurts to try."
"Hey, that's not nice!" James gently shut the door and walked in the direction of the restrooms to relieve himself. As he walked away, he slid his hands in his pocket; carefully taking hold of the controllers and pressed the button on each to raise the speed. Instantly, he heard Rachel yelling his name.
"JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMESSSSS!" Rachel yelled, frustrated with what he had done; yet horny as well. She watched as he ran off and shook her head. "He got me before I could get him... Ridiculous." She took a couple deep breaths to steady herself before she opened her door and slowly swinging her legs out together. Putting her feet on the ground nearly made her cum from the change in pressure within. Standing up was an entirely different story, she found, as she nearly passed out from the power of the orgasm she had half way up. She was hanging on to the car trying to steady herself when the bullets stopped. "Holy shit! That was intense! Okay, I better get to the bathroom and back before James notices they shut off."
James was returning to the car when he thought to turn off the toys and actually give Rachel a break. As he got in, he asked if she felt better thinking that since the vibrating inside her had stopped that she might be a little less agitated.
"I'm fine. Want to get a couple hours of sleep or do you want to keep going?" Rachel asked.
"Well, it's up to you. I'm fine either way you decide."
"Really James, that's your answer?" Rachel shook her head, "alright, lets get a little sleep and we'll continue on in a few hours." She twisted and started climbing over the console and into the back seat giving James a fantastic view of her round rear end as she did so.
Being an ass lover, James took notice immediately. He twisted enough to grab Rachel's hips and keep her from moving further while he turned in his seat to kneel. He leaned over the console and flipped Rachel's skirt up onto her back and pushed his face into her pussy and ass, taking a deep breath as he did so. He let his tongue flick out and tease her clit, swiftly sliding all around it and gently pushing up from below. James paused briefly to pull the two sex toys from her before putting his face to her again, this time sticking his tongue as deep into Rachel's wet pussy as he could, savoring her flavor. He used his tongue to fuck her for a bit, then went back to her clit. This time, he attacked it with his tongue, licking, flicking, and stroking it before quickly sucking Rachel's love button into his mouth.
Caught off guard, all she could do when James grabbed her and started in on her pussy was to rest on her elbows and enjoy it. Rachel was happy that he knew how and where to lick and suck to bring her the most pleasure. When he stopped suddenly, Rachel started to get upon her hands, thinking James was going to climb in back for more fun, but just as abruptly as he stopped, James spread her ass cheeks and dove tongue first into her back door. " OH FUCK! Yes! Eat my ass baby,"she called out, "That feels so good lover."
When James heard Rachel's cries of pleasure, he slipped two fingers into her dripping cunt and hooked them towards her g-spot while letting his thumb rub against her clit. Her loud moans drove him to want her to cum like that. He thrust his tongue in and out of her tight butt-hole while fucking her with his fingers. James could see cars passing by the driveway for the rest stop and he wondered if anyone would pull in and see what was happening in their car. Just that thought made his hard cock throb and start leaking pre-cum into his shorts.
Feeling James' hot breath flow against her skin with his tongue pushed as deeply as he could get it, vibrating with his moan. She wondered what had gotten into him to draw that out, "he didn't stop or anything," she thought to herself. Rachel put her thoughts aside and focused instead on the pleasure she was feeling as a direct result of her lover's efforts. With her mind paying attention to what James was doing to her, Rachel had completely forgotten that they were parked in a very public location untill she noticed a drastic change in the amount of light sensed through her closed eyelids. As she opened her eyes and raised her head to look out the window, Rachel saw another car pulling into the parking space right next to them. She quickly tried to pull her lower body into the backseat to hide, but found that she was held fast in place by James.
James saw that car pulling in. He watched from the corner of his eye as it turned into the space just next to them while he kept his mouth firmly connected to Rachel, his tongue continuing to work her asshole while his fingers picked continued their ministrations upon her g-spot and clit. Knowing Rachel would more than likely notice the headlights and try to hide, James slid his free arm around her hips to keep her where she was. When he felt her attempt to move further forward, he pulled her tighter to himself and pushed his tongue as deep as it would go into her backdoor.
Rachel threw her head up and back as she screamed in pleasure while her orgasm ripped through her. Opening her eyes, she looked out the window again and her eyes met those of a woman who had just stepped out of the other car. The other woman froze and watched as Rachel trembled and shook with the force of her orgasm. Rachel was just barely aware of movement coming from the other side of the car and realized that now there were two women looking through the window at her. Another orgasm exploded within her and she pushed herself up higher giving the women a better view of her flushed face as she moaned loudly.
James had barely heard the sounds of two doors closing, but hadn't seen who got out and was a bit suprised when Rachel shifted her position. After her second orgasm, James pulled back looked around a little as he caught his breath. He saw the woman who'd stepped out closest, but could not see the second woman. He gave a little wave as the nearest woman gave him a thumbs-up and a wink before she turned and started walking away.
"Oh. My. GOD!" Rachel said, her voice just more than a harsh whisper. "That was so fucking scary and hot and holy fuck those two girls just watched me while I had two orgasms!"
"Should we get going or do you want to put on a little more of a show when they come back?" James asked as Rachel scooted back into the front seat. "I could go for some more fun" he said as he wiped his girlfriend's fluids from his beard. He gestured at the obvious bulge in his pants, "I'm definatly ready to go if you want to." He looked back at Rachel, then followed her gaze to see the two ladies walking back towards their car. "What do you think, babe?"
Rachel looked at her man, then down at his lap, and decided that she was certain of one thing, she wanted more. She got out of the car and walked around to the passenger side as the recent arrivals were nearing the curb and the cars. As she opened the door and reached for James, she looked at the two women and winked. "Hi! Sorry about earlier, we weren't expecting anyone else to pull in here." She finished getting James' pants undone and was pulling them down his legs as he swung them out of the car. "We don't normally do things like this, not intentionally anyway. Um..." Rachel paused as she glanced down at the throbbing cock she now held just out of sight. "Um... Would the two of you want to... Uh... Watch us a little more?" She faintly gestured towards her boyfriend, who was still mostly in the car.
James watched through the windshield as their new friends moved closer, each with an expression showing their pleasant suprise. He saw their smiles as Rachel lifted her skirt as she straddled his legs and lowered herself to his waiting member. James slid a hand down, pushing his dick upright so she could sit down and slowly impale herself on him. As non-chalantly as possible, he introduced himself and his lover to the two voyeurs and they in turn introduced themselves as Alicia and Luz. They were enjoying watching as Rachel stuffed herself with the thick protrusion between James' legs and both moved closer to get an even better view. James reached forward and lifted Rachel's top and quickly pulled down her bra, releasing her large tits into the warm evening air. Rachel let her head fall back as she moaned happily. James quickly waved Alicia and Luz in closer and pointed at their hands then Rachel's chest.
The ladies picked up the hint and each reached forward to take a breast in hand. Rachel opened her eyes as she moaned again at their touch. She made eye contact with each in turn, her smile letting them know she liked what they were doing. Rachel began moving faster and faster, her voice getting louder as James' pole hits all the right spots and their new friends' hands teased her nipples.
"Oh, yes" Rachel moaned, "This feels so fucking good." She started swinging her hips with a circular motion, grinding herself upon the base of James' cock, feeling the head of his cock firmly lodged against her cervix. "Ahhhhh. James... James, I'm cumming. I'm cumming!" Rachel froze for a second, her full weight resting on the pelvis of her boyfriend, nipples being pinched by women the couple had only just met; then she started lifting herself until only James' tip was inside her and dropping til her clit met his scrotum if rapid succession. "Shit, shit, shit, SHI..." Rachel tensed as her orgasm started then started thrashing about as it washed over her, culminating in her squirting all over the legs of the women watching.
James held still as the spasms of Rachel's vaginal muscles slowed then stopped while apologizing to Alicia and Luz. The two ladies laughed and and said that while it hadn't been expected, it was a wonderful experience and that they didn't mind at all. James chuckled as he felt Rachel start to move again. This time, he moaned as she leaned forward; putting her hands on her knees and starting to ride him again.
"I can tell you didn't finish yet, babe" she started, "I'm not sure how long I can keep going after that one though."
"That's fine, love." James looked at their new friends, "would you like to watch a little more, ladies?" The ladies looked at each other then back at James an nodded. "Great. Rachel, why don't you get up and trade places with me and put one knee up on the seat."
Rachel stood with the assistance of a hand from each Luz and Alicia and waited for her lover to stand. She leaned into the car and put the knee closest to the other ladies up on the seat to give them the best view as James slowly pushed his cock into her. Rachel was very exited and could feel her juices running down her legs. Doggy has always been her favorite position and this version of it normally sent her into multiple orgasms.
James held himself where he was, waiting to make sure Rachel was ready. As soon as he saw Rachel look over her shoulder at him, he started pumping his cock in and out of her. He figured if he kept the pace just right, she should come a couple more times before he was ready to blow his load. James glanced at their audience to see that Alicia had stuffed a hand down her pants and Luz was rubbing her thighs together.
Rachel felt James's cock swell and she looked back again to see the other ladies enjoying the show. Her pussy involuntarily spasmed, gripping James's dick tight for a moment and drawing a moan from both of them. She could feel her next orgasm building already and she put her head back down while her lover continued to drill his shaft deep inside her. Feeling the head smashing against her cervix with every thrust, Rachel was going out of her mind with pleasure.
James was keeping his thrusts angled just right to keep dragging the underside of his shaft against Rachel's clit and making sure he hit her cervix with every thrust, pushing his hips to hers every time. Without any kind of warning, he felt his love's cunt pulsing and gripping his member as he continued to push it into her. Just as the pulsing slowed, Rachel went into another orgasm, this time squirting again and spraying James and the ground around his feet. Feeling the spray pushed James over the edge and he pulled out just in time to shoot thick ropes of cum all over Rachel's ass and both of her holes.
Luz and Alicia gave a quiet applause and as Rachel carefully peeled her skirt off, both ladies expressed their appreciation for being invited to watch. The four of them made themselves as presentable as possible for a run back to the restrooms to clean up, then met back at the cars. Phone numbers were exchanged and plans to meet up again soon were spoken of before everyone got in their vehicles and drove away into the night.