The train shuddered as it thundered its way through the tunnels, a couple hours after sunset. I started my return trip home around sunset, boarding the train following a raunchy flash of my bare mound across the tracks at the station. Being so far from the city it was a relatively quiet train ride for the first hour or so. I'd sat there with my knees together, trying to look like a good girl who'd just been out for a run. I reflected that look for the most part, my turquoise sports bra and my light brown hair in a pony tail with my sports jacket wrapped around my hips. My matching turquoise finger and toe nails gave off a curated aesthetic as if I had my life together.
The only issue was that my clothes stopped there and I had another hidden turquoise secret to round off my blue themed outfit, a beautiful gem butt plug with a stainless shaft. It'd been inside me since 7am in the morning before my journey out, frequently relubed with my pussy juices but at the moment it sat a little dry inside me, the bumps of the train ride making me well aware of the fact. I'd opted for a T-back black cotton g string that I generously donated to a guy at the train station when I dropped them on the ground and watched him scoop them up, rendering me bottomless many hours from home. My tan t-bar sandals were also another giveaway that I wasn't in fact going for a run and was just rocking the sporty look to get away with wearing less.
As the train became more crowded I thought it'd be a sexy idea to stand up, giving my scandulous outfit a show to the various passengers onboard. My previously wet pussy had dried over the last hour to a sticky residue along my inner thighs. With my hands gripping the metal poles spanning throughout the train cabin, I spread my feet nice and wide past shoulder width. With only a couple of jacket sleeves covering my mound it felt exceptionally naughty in a busy cabin. Working against me alongside my drying butt plug, the sleeve jackets swayed with the movements of the train, offering brief momentary glances at my wettening pussy.
I wished for the train to grow more crowded so I could accidentally grind myself against unsuspecting passengers, grazing hands with my ass cheeks before bumping them with my plug through my jacket covering my ass. I'd unfortunately missed the peak traffic time as I spent too long both waiting for someone to pick up my panties as well as flashing myself to the people I was around. So there I stood, with my thighs exposed up to my hips, my ass only just covered and my pussy precariously visible.
Swaying my hips sideways, I amplified the swing of my sleeves with the movement of the train, creating larger opening windows where onlookers could perv on. I caught the eye of a couple young to middle aged men, but brief glimpses were all they could afford without making it too obvious they were gawking at the flashing slut onboard. My pussy oozed with excitement as I caught the attention of a woman in maybe her early thirties. She looked like a generic office worker, hair tied up and a white blouse was what I could see of her in the corner of my eyes. More importantly, she was having a good look at my underdressed thigh and more than likely, my exposed pussy.
The thought hit me that those from the direction of that woman could probably see behind the sleeves at what I was getting up to as I was facing diagonally from the front of the cabin. She sat directly to my right and had probably seen through my outfit and understood my intentions with my hip swaying. One thing though, she wouldn't know my dirty little secret hiding in my ass.
"So fucking hot." I whispered to myself.
Thoughts of lifting my jacket up to flash my plug flooded my mind, but I had standards and I definitely did not feel up to showing my plugged ass to a semi full train cabin especially while I was still twenty minutes away from my stop.
I continued gently swaying my hips as the train rumbled its way towards my stop, occasionally I'd bounce my knees up and down in despair as the tension between my legs re-established itself. In hindsight if the woman eyeing me off knew what I was up to she probably thought I was wearing a vibrator by the way I nervously shuffled around, potentially swaying to the hum of a machine working inside me.
"Fuuuck." I ushered as I shut my eyes picturing myself vibrating to a standing orgasm in the middle of the train cabin, hysterically moaning as everyone turned and stared. Penises erected and pussies wettened at the sight of me sexualising myself in public.
A bump to my ass cheek snapped me back to reality as an awkward looking university student squeezed past me, lacking the social skills to excuse himself beforehand. At first I loved the touch to my ass in its daring state but then I realised because of the squeeze the hem of the jacket dragged with him momentarily. Luckily it didn't rip off but it had definitely peeled itself up and over the bottom of my right cheek, sharing an easy view of my pussy and a glimpse of my plug to those behind me.
Fixing up the jacket to retain some modesty, I checked over my shoulder to see who had witnessed my wardrobe malfunction. A young to middle aged man in a button up shirt shot his head to the side as I turned. He sat against a window seat next to two teenage girls who had no interest in my bare ass, their eyes glued to their phones. Everyone else in that direction had their eyes focused elsewhere and didn't flinch when I turned, though it didn't necessarily mean they didn't catch and enjoy the show.
With my pussy moistening and my stop coming up next, I twisted my jacket around slightly to flash some of the front of my pussy as well as show a bit more of my ass to my left. As the doors dinged and opened, I lifted up the rear of my jacket and scratched my left cheek, in perfect view of my new voyeur of interest. Following the scratch I quickly turned my ass directly his way alongside everyone else in the cab and flapped my jacket up in an effort to reposition it, hopefully sharing a flash of blue between my butt cheeks for everyone. Smiling to myself, I hopped off the train, almost forgetting my pussy was on show from my last adjustment.
Relaxing my posture, I took a few deep breaths before taking my first steps towards the bus stop. My legs ached a little from all the walking around today but the gentle ache in my pussy mattered to me more. In exiting the train station, I'd already caught the eyes of a few men walking into the station. I felt like such a naughty slut so shamelessly exposing myself while simultaneously wetting myself too. With nobody directly in front of me for a decent distance, I slipped a finger along my slit, scooping my juices from the back and sliding them along my clit at the front.
My eyes rolled in pleasure as what was a distant man had now approached closer, withdrawing my hand to behind my back, I copped a stare with pride while looking straight ahead. Having spent the entire day exposing myself in various scenarios I felt a lot more confident flashing myself at night in an area I wasn't local to, my increase in confidence most definitely proportionate to my horniness levels.
I approached my next bus stop and lined up in the queue of seven or so of us. With the line standing side by side and everyone on their phones, I used the additional cover of the night to twist my jacket around even more, showing my pussy off completely at the front as well as the best part of an entire ass cheek to the side where nobody was in line as I was at the back of the line. Spreading my feet apart to better accentuate the view of my box gap, I put my hands in my hair, toying with my ponytail while a couple cars drove by.
After snapping a few necks of drivers coming through, I straightened my jacket again because another person was headed my way on foot in the direction of my exposed ass cheek. Not long after that the bus came so I pulled my bus pass out of the side of my bra to get on and hustled to the back seat.
Luckily for me, or more so my pussy, nobody joined me in the backseat so I tugged my jacket off and hung it up on the seat in front. It felt like there was a spotlight on me as the l.e.d lights on the bus illuminated the cabin like daylight, with cars outside disappearing into the night, offering drivers the shameless opportunity to perv on me. Despite this feeling I turned my back to the window and placed my left leg up along the back of my seat with my right knee against the back of the seat in front. With my thighs spread as much as they could, I slipped a couple fingers behind my butt plug and pulled it out, allowing myself a light moan of pleasure as it popped out.
Grinding the tip of the plug along my pussy, I relubed the plug while teasing myself in such a public space. The bus camera couldn't reach my bottomless state and nobody else on the bus could see what I was doing. The same couldn't be said for the cars driving behind me or for pedestrians with a keen eye who could check me out through the window opposite me. Bringing my knees up to meet the fabric of my sports bra, I reinserted the plug into my ass, rewarding my efforts with a finger in my pussy.
Hugging my knees to my chest with my left arm and crossing my ankles over, my cute sandals dangled just above my sopping wet pussy, stuffed with my middle finger. Being so well lubricated my finger glided in and out of me with ease so I slid my ring finger in too. To the camera it was a little more obvious what I was doing with my mouth open and my sandals in sight so I gave myself a few more thrusts before sitting up the same way everyone else was.
The never ending tension in my pussy stopped me from sitting still so before long I had my legs spread again and my two fingers back inside me. Plunging them in full depth, I gave my clit a tap with my palm with each push. Peeling my ass cheeks as wide as I could, my butt plug nudged up against something inside me as the blue gem tugged against my tight hole. I grinded my ass into the seat back and forth in response. With the added stimulations to my very public experience I felt an orgasm brewing. A few more thrusts of my hand and my hips paired with a titty grab through my bra pushed me over the edge. I looked up to see myself on the bus camera TV, hand on tit, mouth opening, grinding into my seat with my other bicep flexed as it fucked my pussy all the way to heaven. I silently wheezed out a few sharp breaths as I folded forwards in an ecstatic wave of pleasure. As I planted my head into the seat in front I let slip a short moan of pleasure as a little shot of my creamy cum slowly oozed into my palm.
As I caught my breath with both knees spread and pressing into the back of the seat in front alongside my forehead, I slowly fingered my cum out from inside me, thoroughly enjoying the come down of my orgasm. Slumping backwards into my seat, I released the death grip on my boob and left my legs helplessly spread while I gently fingered myself, bordering between pleasure and pain following my orgasm mere moments ago. I continued to stimulate myself as yet another daring thought came to mind.
"Stuff it, I'll never see these people again." I said to myself.
As the numbers had dwindled on the bus, there was only 3 people between myself and the back door of the bus. Most people at this point would stay on the bus to the last stop as there was another bus line that you could transfer to at that stop. I decided I would get off a stop early at the park for a little side adventure. Only thing was I would leave my jacket off. My heart raced as the thought of what I was actually planning sunk in. Add to that the white mess all around my thighs, I may as well ask everyone on the bus to fuck me.
"Am I mentally ill?" I joked to myself as I scooped my cum up and smeared it allover the bottom of my ass cheeks.
"All roads lead to my pussy!" I said maybe a little too loud as I pressed the button for the bus to stop.
With a few more smears of cum to the front of my lower torso from my pussy I bunched my jacket up on one hand as I stood with the bus coming to a halt. With the bus jolting me awkwardly, I was swiftly reminded that I was wearing a butt plug as my spine straightened from a poke from within me.
"Here goes nothing, you dirty fucking slut." I muttered as I strutted down my cat walk.
With no idea what sort of reactions I was getting I made it to the back door before grabbing an upright pole and sexily leaning off it.
"Thank youuu!" I flirtatiously yelled out to the bus driver before hopping off.
I was lucky enough to not be met by anyone at the stop as it was definitely the quieter of the two. I instinctively went to cover my crotch with my jacket before my slutty alter ego took over.
"Come on you whore you know you wanna show yourself off!" I encouraged to myself as I dangled my jacket off one finger to my side.
It had gotten reasonably late by now so the streets were pretty quiet. That didn't stop me from nervously checking over my shoulder constantly for anyone approaching. I was stupidly exposed to be fair and I was getting closer to home too so I didn't want to flash myself to someone I knew.
The next bus at the stop I mentioned would take me back to my car but I had a quick little detour I wanted to take. As I entered the park next to the stop I got off at, I darted to the playground in the corner. It was next to a side street about a hundred metres in from the main road where the other bus stop was.
"No jackets allowed inside." I bossed to myself, tossing my unused jacket to the floor before clicking the safety gate and entering.
I had a quick go on the swing, my secretions smearing into the seat as I swung.
"Sorry kids!" I yelled out unapologetically as I swung.
It felt so freeing to be bottomless and flying through the wind. As sexual as the nature of my activities were, something about the feeling of being nude in an outdoor setting just felt right for me. Perhaps it was the breeze brushing against my pussy, or the anal plug wiggling around inside me as I swung. Maybe I was just a dirty slut and there was no naturistic or spiritual explanation for my profound nudity.
After a little while on the swing I opted for the tower with a slide coming off the top and a fireman pole off the side.
"No clothes allowed." I firmly announced.
My sports bra hit the ground before I crawled up on all fours up the slide going up to the top of the tower, my naked body so rudely exposed to any potential passersby. Once I banged my way up the metal slide, I took a moment to stand up and watch the odd car pass on the main road, too far away to see my spectacular display of nudity. A huddle of two or three people boarded a bus running along the main road.
"They'll never know what they missed out on." I teased, before realising they probably would as they were probably the same people on the bus that just saw my bottomless disembark.
Returning to all fours, I backed myself up to the top of the slide so my plugged ass and pussy faced the quiet street. A shiver of naughty pleasure shot through me as a light breeze tickled across my bare ass, which was lightly glowing in the moonlight.
"Is this where the term mooning came from?" I chuckled to myself.
With my knees slightly apart and my sandals dangling down the slide, I brought a hand around to finger my already wet pussy again. As I fucked myself, I spread my feet off the outside rails of the slide, giving a nice show to my imaginary voyeur. Getting in these naughty sex positions really turned me on. Something about the vulnerability of exposing yourself in a way that creates sexual access just pressed all the right buttons inside me.
With a hand down in front to support myself, I tilted my head back as I jolted with each insertion in my pussy. Shutting my eyes with my mouth open, I pictured my target voyeur in my mind. A forty year old man has just put his kids to sleep and had yet another argument with his wife. Furious and fighting a losing battle, he storms out for a walk. All his issues disappear as he spots a fit looking twenty something year old chick spreading her legs on the top of a kids slide fucking herself doggy style, begging for it.
He climbs up the slide and nudges her inside the tower. Unzipping his pants he pulls out his erect, untouched cock and cups his mystery lady's breasts from behind. She moans in lust for his shaft, a feeling he hasn't felt in half a decade. As his hands lust over her breasts, her hand slips between their legs to guide him inside her. The feeling of a young, soft, feminine hand clutching at his cock is almost enough to send him over the edge but a few deep breaths gets him through.
He holds his breath as the tip of his penis nestles into her sex. Slowly but surely she lets him in, her virgin hole tightly, warmly, wrapped around his cock. She moans as he slides all the way in, she's wet, very wet. He thrusts several times, this was everything he ever wanted, her tight pussy gripping his cock with every movement and her vocals sharing how much pleasure he was giving her. He looked down at his source of pleasure, watching the muscles in her back tense with each thrust of lust he gave her. Lowering his gaze, he was greeted by a shiny, turquoise gem in her behind and that was it. He held his breath as he froze at full depth inside her, pumping her with his load.
"Yeah... Ohhh yeah, yeah!!" I moaned as I fingered myself to my imaginary fucking.
With my eyes still closed I had no idea if I was being watched, and it felt like I would be definitely drawing some attention with my moans. But despite the fear of being watched, I lusted over the feeling of another orgasm.
I replayed the image of the horny forty year old prematurely ejaculating into me, plunging his once loved cock into my tight pussy, spotting my butt plug and proceeding to cum inside me. I moaned again as it was my turn to cum, my knees splayed against the opening of the slide as I came, I pulled my pussy away from my hungry fingers as my body involuntarily twitched in sheer pleasure, my feet flying up to the air to smack their respective ass cheeks while my waist fell to the tower floor. My fingers remet my pussy as I moaned through the residual goodness between my legs.
I finally reopened my eyes as I leisurely fingered myself with my come down, my tits pressed firmly into the plastic floor of the tower from my quaking orgasm. Looking over my shoulder I was a little disappointed that there was no man having a mid life crisis lusting over my body. It was now approaching midnight on a weeknight. With the streets quietening down tremendously I wasn't surprised I managed to have an undisturbed, eyes-closed orgasm.
Slipping my slimy fingers out from myself, I crawled my naked body on my hands and knees to the fireman pole. Gripping the pole with my hands, I hugged my chest into the stainless steel, flinching at the cool touch between my breasts. Next I lifted my legs off my knees and wrapped them around the pole, tensing my core to stabilise myself before pressing my pussy against the pole. Slowly I loosened the grip on my hands and slid my way down. Lifting my sandals to the air, I moaned as I felt my cum on my tits as I slid, my pussy leaving a trail of my juices the entire way down the pole.
With my ass plug gently touching the synthetic rubber, I untangled my legs and spread them nice and wide, placing my hands behind myself to support my weight. I gave my clit a quick grind on the pole before standing up to dust myself off. Picking up my bra from the ground, I headed out of the playground, collecting my jacket on the way out.
With my bra and jacket bunched in both my hands, pressed against my chest, a reality check of my naughtiness set in. A light, Summer night chill wind blew across the park, blessing my naked body with a reminder of my state of nudity. I smiled as I approached the now silent main bus stop with all my items of clothing between my hands and my breasts.
I held my breath as my bare ass met the cold silver seat under the bus shelter, a bright white light illuminating my nudity. I noted the next bus was 8 minutes away. Checking that both sides of the road was clear from cars or people, I let my clothes fall to the ground before spreading my legs and tenderly circling my clit. With a hand on a breast, I did another check before shutting my eyes and biting my lip. Lifting my feet into the air I slid a finger inside my pussy, rocking my hips as I sensually fingered my well used pussy.
After a few pumps and a sexy titty squeeze, I opened my eyes to check my surroundings again. With my public nudity still unseen, I proceeded to hug my knees together into my tits with my feet pointing up and fingered myself that way. I kept my eyes open this time as I figured someone had to come by soon. With my bus now 6 minutes away, I let out an exaggerated moan of pleasure as my finger effortlessly glided in and out of me.
A flicker of a distant set of headlights around the bend of the main road caught my attention. The bend was reasonably far away so I gave my pussy a few more probes before standing up to walk out of the light to the park behind. Two lines of hedges gave the park some privacy from the road with a two metre or so wide opening to pass through. I popped my head back to see a black sedan come into view. Taking a couple steps away from the light but still directly in the centre of the walkway, I got into the doggy style position with my plugged ass facing the road. With my knees nice and spread I faced my head forwards and over extended my back creating a nice arch in it, you know, the way good girls do it.
My pussy continued to wet itself as the car sound I was anticipating finally flew past. I wasn't entirely sure what I'd do if whoever was driving saw me and stopped,especially with my clothes dumped at the seat but that was part of the thrill that was making me so damn horny. The car showed no sign of stopping as it continued to speed off up the road so I quickly got back up and walked my naked self back into the light. Facing the back of the car as it approached a hill, I did a few star jumps, casually throwing my hands into the air without a care for my exposure. I quickly ran onto the road and turned to face my plugged ass to the car, having a quick twerk before it disappeared over the crest of the hill.
With my bus now four minutes away I decided it was time to get dressed so I put my sports bra back on and tied my jacket around my waist again.
When I hopped on the bus there was only one person on board, a young blonde guy sitting towards the front, probably on the way back from a closing shift at a bar or something. I sat towards the middle of the bus as I didn't need as much privacy without as many passengers on board my earlier transportation sessions. I untied my jacket the instant I sat down. Casting it aside, I told myself that was the last time I touched it.
I banked on the guy sitting in front to exit from the front door if he got off, otherwise I was probably in for a panicked jacket grab to cover myself up.
I didn't do an awful lot on the bus ride, I dirty talked myself in my mind, calling myself all sorts of degrading but oh so sexy names. Meanwhile I actually sat like a good girl, I had my hands on my knees which were together for maybe the first time today. The only exception being I was actually completely bottomless.
Every bus stop we passed I wondered if the guy would press the stop button and immediately make a run to the back and check out my lude state of attire, but the moment never came. The nerve racking bus trip reached my stop and it was time for me to stand by my word. And I did, literally.
As I pressed the button for the bus to stop, I took a deep breath in as I stood, detached from my jacket that provided me with my lower body modesty, if you could call it that, for the entire day. As the bus pulled into the kerb I exited from my cover by the seats.
"Holyyy shiiiit!" I exclaimed to myself as I stood in front of the rear doors in the middle of the aisle completely bottomless, almost naked in fact.
With the bus driver getting a lovely side view from his mirror I turned to face him front on, flashing him a full frontal view of my bare pussy. Giving him a cheeky smile, wave and a word of thanks, I hopped off the bus.
A gush of wind brushed past my pussy as I stepped off, the change of atmosphere drew my attention to what exactly was going on. The only item of clothing I had left was my sports bra and a pair of sunglasses. I guess you could say my ass was covered by a bright blue gem. I wriggled my toes as I looked down.
"Ah yes, good thing I've got shoes on!" I said aloud.
I looked up as the bus pulled away from the kerb, the blonde guy potentially oblivious to my latest act of sin. The road was dead silent, warm yellow street lamps gently lit it up on either side, also illuminating the footpaths.
I proudly stepped out onto the road to cross to head towards the carpark where my car was. I appreciated every jiggle of my bare ass with each step as my ponytail swished behind me, in sync. The road remained quiet as I strutted the last hundred or so metres to the carpark, swaying my ass as I walked to better stimulate my plugged ass. With a strong desire to show myself off to someone, I walked past the carpark towards the closest bus stop another few metres down. I stripped off my bra, setting my bus pass and sunglasses aside, I spun it in the air above my head on one finger before launching it into the carpark where it flopped onto the ground.
"Not touching you again either. Thats for a horny guy to wank to later." I condescended.
Now naked at the bus stop, I stood under the little shelter. With the lighting not quite as bright as the last stop, I wasn't as 'on show' but I was definitely easily noticeable. With a hint of aggression, I grabbed a tit in each hand. Squeezing my breasts in circular motions, I alternated into a nipple rub before cycling back to squeezing.
With my feet wide apart while I stood, I talked dirty aloud as I played with my tits.
"Yeahhh, does that feel good does it? It feels good you dirty slut doesn't it? You like spreading your legs with your ass plugged on the main road huh? Yeahhh. Ohhhh yeahhh. Say it hun. Say you like it you little whore. Ohhhh!!"
"Yeaah! I love iiiit!" I moaned back at myself.
"Millie loves getting naked in public doesn't she, showing off her sexy body to anyone that wants to see it."
"Yeahh Millie's a dirty little slut that loves showing herself sexy body off. I want them all to jerk off over me!" I said while licking my lips.
Spinning around to face my ass to the road, I spread my feet as wide as they could go and got on my tippy toes the best I could. I bent over at the hips, leaving my legs straight and spread whilst still playing with my tits.
"You want it don't you? You crave the attention so much. You want a guy to pull over and fuck you don't you. Yeahhhh, oh yeahhhh you do. Fuck you're a dirty little cumslut. Say it Millie. Tell the world that Millie is a dirty little cumslut." I said to myself
"Yeahhh, please pull over and fuck me in my tight pussy, I'm a dirty little cumslut!" I yelled a little louder as my pussy oozed in response.
As if I asked for it, I heard a car coming from across the road, the same way my bus came in. Swallowing my dirty talk from earlier, I stood my posture back up and brought my legs together again. With my cute, plugged butt facing the incoming car, I placed both my hands together above my head, holding onto a pole supporting the bus shelter at full extension. I poked my ass back towards the road to accentuate my butt plug and posed as the car passed. It definitely slowed but continued to drive off. I was too scared to turn and face the car because I was afraid I'd know them and actually be known as a genuine flashing cumslut in my social circles.
As soon as the car passed, I quickly grabbed my bus pass and sunglasses and ran off to my car in case they turned around to actually come fuck the naked, plugged, slut literally begging for it. With my key still in the spot I left it, I hopped in and drove in the direction of home. With my pussy dribbling into my car seat, I knew I needed to do something about it.
I raced back home and snuck up stairs in my apartment. I exchanged my tan sandals for a pair of black six inch stilettos and put a thin, black, lace choker around my neck. Next, I grabbed my purple ten inch dildo. This one had a suction cup on the end and was reasonably girthy. I loved riding this one, which was exactly what I had it for. Leaving my butt plug in place, I did the best that I could to sneak back out in my heels while naked and holding a rather large dildo in hand.
I clunked my way out of my apartment, hiding my keys on my car tyre before making my way down the footpath. I lived around the corner from an oval. They would play sports like soccer or rugby during Winter so it had some decent size. It also backed onto the main road, the same one I'd been exposing myself on tonight.
As I turned the corner to enter the park from the opposite corner, I started tapping my dildo on my ass cheek in anticipation of what was to come, or cum.
As an irregular in heels, it was a slow walk across with the pointed heel digging into the grass inconsistently over each step. Around about the halfway mark I started getting the hang of the walking style, but still probably looked a little awkward as I stumbled across while clutching my dildo.
The ass taps from my dildo transitioned to a gentle graze from the shaft against my slit. I moaned as I eyed a car passing on the main road, my naked body most likely hidden in the darkness of the unlit park. My pussy leaked onto the ten inch cock as it slid back and forth, scooping my cum and smearing it all over. I tilted my head back and shuddered, impatiently awaiting the next stage.
I eventually made it to the main road, a couple of tall, wide trees spaced a few metres apart lined the edge of the grass before a concrete footpath separated the park from the road. Squatting down and facing the road on the path between two trees, I was so exposed. Not only were my tits and pussy so visible, my identity and reputation were on the line too. However, my desire to be seen riding this cock to an orgasm was stronger than my fear of getting caught, so I continued.
With my feet apart slightly wider than my ass cheeks, I slid the dildo underneath onto the path and shuffled over it. Spreading my knees wide open I nestled my pussy over the tip of the penis, clutching a breast while my other hand held the toy in place.
My leaking pussy welcomed the dildo inside me as I gasped with light shock from the girthy insertion. I moaned as I slid down the shaft, my flexibility only allowing the cock to go in about six inches. Clamping my thumb and index finger onto my nipple, I squealed in delight as I rode the cock roadside. Looking around the quiet, main road I smiled to myself, happy with my decision to fuck myself in such a public place. I let out a few moans as I bounced along the six inches of cock made available to me, my butt plug tweaking around inside me from my vigorous movements and my choker tensioning my neck as I breathed in sexual delight, stimulating me further.
I fucked myself undisturbed for a little while before my legs got a bit sore from that position so I changed it up. With my back facing the road, I put my knees on the grass and spread my feet a bit wider than my hips. Reaching from the front, I held the dildo in place again and slid my throbbing pussy over it again. In this position I could get more depth from the shaft, my body sliding down about seven inches before toying with the line of pain over pleasure. The thought of plunging myself ten inches deep most definitely turned me on so I pushed through to around eight inches with each bounce.
As my tits bounced up and down, I moaned to myself with each plunge. It wasn't long before I heard a car behind me. Choosing to ignore it, I increased the volume of my moans as I fucked the ten inch cock harder and faster, hoping that I put on a nice display. I heard the car zoom past and up the road as I pulled my pussy off the cock, sliding my clit against the well lubricated shaft.
"Fuck yes!" I moaned.
I spent some time sliding against my clit as I knew it would help me get there before hopping back onto the cock. With the clit rub aiding me, it wasn't long before I felt an orgasm brewing. I breathed sharp ins and outs as I fucked myself hard and fast, the pending orgasm teasing me and refusing to let go just yet. My mind raced to the choker around my neck being the only item of clothing on myself as I sat on this ten inch cock by the main road with my ass plugged.
Simultaneously, I grabbed a tit and squeezed it as hard as I could while the shaft pumped me with every down pull of my hips.
"Fuuuuuuuck! Oh yes, yes, yeeees." I yelled out as the orgasm slowly took over.
My grip tightened on my tit as my body awkwardly seized up while the gush of my last orgasm of the day hit me. I attempted to continue riding while I twitched around in pure pleasure before settling seven inches deep on my pussy pleaser, goosebumps shivering down my spine.
"Oh shit that was good." I said as I cupped my breasts with both hands while catching my breath.
I gently rode the dildo as I reflected on the day. Flashing myself on the bus into the city, then the flash fest at the park, the cinema, lunch, the trains, then the buses, the playground and bus stops before here. Countless orgasms and plenty of fun, with a naked streak across the park in stilettos followed by a cock ride to finish, what a perfect day off work.