AUTHOR'S NOTE: Since my first Hayley story was so well-received last time, I thought I'd write another one down since I had the idea floating around in my head. Please comment if you enjoy and feel free to check out my other stories and comment on them as well.
--
The show had long since been over, the band having spent the last several hours partying in the changing room with crew and opening acts, taking turns showering downstairs, or signing autographs at the pre-scheduled meet & greet held in the green room after the encore for a lucky few who had purchased tickets early enough. But now it was finally over, and Hayley Williams, Paramore's flame-headed sex symbol status front-woman and unofficial emo queen, could finally get some rest. Shouldering her backpack, Hayley braced herself for the bitter cold that awaited her in snowy Cleveland behind the venue where her band's tour bus was parked. All the fans that had been intrepid enough to wait around in the cold, she had already signed autographs for, so there would be nobody to stop and make her suffer the bitter sub-zero wind chill before hopping on the bus and into her warm bunk where she already knew she was not going to be getting very much sleep. The next day, Hayley had to get up to spend a day with a couple who had won a contest on Paramore's website titled, "A Day With Hayley." Taylor and Jeremy would be busy recording instrumentals for a new single the band was recording that day, so Hayley had to play all three roles in Paramore tomorrow for the lucky couple. But when she finally met them in the lobby of the hotel the next morning, she had not been prepared to meet Brian and Aurora, a couple who would change her life.
Hayley had never considered going to her own fans for sexual gratification the way most other guys did on the road. That was never really Hayley's lifestyle, being a proper little southern belle growing up Christian in Franklin, Tennessee, but that didn't mean Hayley didn't get aroused like every other person did out on the road, especially on the long headlining tours she had grown accustomed to. It was different when she had a boyfriend, but those days were behind her and the fiery little singer was flying solo once again, her infamous relationship with Chad Gilbert from New Found Glory succumbing to woes all relationships do on the road after so many years. The lonely nights made it so hard to concentrate sometimes, and being packed in like sardines in those bunks, sleeping six inches way from her band members made it especially difficult to rub herself to orgasm whenever she just couldn't take it anymore. The only orgasms Hayley was ever able to experience on the road were when she ran back to jump in her bunk while the guys had just finished sound-check and wanted to hang out inside the clubs. Nobody wanted back on that bus after spending entire days on it sometimes. But Hayley didn't mind stepping back on board if it meant she would be alone for more than a half hour. Sure, there were plenty of cute boys on the road who she could simply own sexually if she had chosen to take a boy-toy (or two) while out on the road, but Hayley always steered clear of giving into such sinful thoughts and behavior and had thus far remained chaste on the road. But that all changed when she met Aurora and Brian that next morning.
"Hey guys!" Hayley said as she introduced herself to the obviously nervous fans while a number of her in-house photographers took their pictures and recorded the whole meeting to later be documented on the band's website.
Brian was a cute, lanky, emo boy with a mop of messy black hair that fell just over his piercing blue eyes, his girlfriend Aurora an attractive gal with short-cropped, vibrantly dyed, electric blue hair. She was a cute girl with full lips and a naval piercing. She had better defined feminine features than Hayley (a bigger bust, nicer curves, probably a nicer butt too, Hayley thought). They spent the day around town, seeing the sights and eating the local food while Hayley noticed the young, amorous couple's hands constantly all over each other's bodies. It may have made Hayley uncomfortable on any other day, but Hayley hadn't masturbated once on this entire tour and was feeling especially jealous of the young fans' relationship, something that Hayley no longer had. Why not let them have their fun, she thought to herself? It wasn't like she hadn't been the same way with her past two rockstar boyfriends out in public before. Finally, after dinner and a chariot ride around the park laughing about shared memories from past shows, the awkward threesome sharing with the other side experiences from the other side of the stage with one another, the night came to its inevitable conclusion in front of the couple's hotel that Fueld By Ramen (Paramore's label) put them up in. A few goodbyes captured on camera and the photographers finally left. Then, as Hayley said her own goodbyes and posed for one last personal picture with them, she reached into her pocket for her phone to call one of the guys to come pick her up.
"You heading back to the bus?" Aurora asked on her way out.
"Yeah. Going back to the bus and getting some sleep," Hayley responded.
"No after party or anything?" Aurora asked.
"Not for me, I have to get some rest before tomorrow. Gotta be in Detroit tomorrow night, and I don't mind a bus all to myself sometimes," Hayley said, smiling to herself knowing that Aurora and Bobby would never know why.
"Where are the guys? Aurora asked, referencing Jeremy and Taylor.
"They decided to go party, but not me. I'm lame like that sometimes," Hayley said with a coy smile.
"I'm sure your lifestyle must be exhausting, and you've already given us more than we could have ever hoped or dream for, but I was wondering... if we could buy you a drink or something to eat beforehand. I'm trying to sing. Don't worry I'm not trying to pass you off a demo or anything. I was just hoping I could pick your brain about it for a few."
Hayley looked at Aurora, moved by her honesty and the confidence the girl had to even approach her. She looked back at her phone and checked the time. She could stay out for a few more minutes, she thought. The guys wouldn't be back until very late and hopefully she would be long since asleep when they did. Plus, there was something about this couple that Hayley was drawn to, like some sort of chemistry or sensual magnetism. She loved seeing them paw at each other and whisper forbidden nothings into one another's ear when they thought she wasn't paying attention. At one point, when they had been eating dinner, Hayley turned and could have sworn that she saw Brian making eyes with her. She smiled at him warmly, but when she "dropped" her silverware later and bent down to pick it up, she had caught him staring down her halter-top on the way up. He knew he was busted and his cheeks flushed red when she shot him a playful smile. He seemed rather quiet the rest of the night, which made Hayley chuckle inside that she could embarrass someone still so.
"You know what? Sure. I can't stay out too late though," Hayley said.
"I won't take up too much of your time, I promise!" Aurora exclaimed.
Later in the evening, the three of them caught up in the back of a popular nightclub attached to the hotel where they sipped on virgin margaritas. Hayley didn't drink because she was a vocalist and Aurora did not want to be drinking if the rockstar wasn't and Brian wasn't going to want to drink alone. After a few minutes of small talk, Hayley finally decided to get down to business.
"So how did you two meet anyway?" Hayley asked.
"Funny you should ask. Actually, it was at one of your shows on the Final Riot Tour. We started talking in line and he asked me out that night to hang out with his friend. We started dating a few days later and just... have been dating ever since," Aurora explained. "That's so sweet!" Hayley exclaimed.
"We were both sorry to hear about you and Chad. I know it must be so tough to go through a breakup out on the road, especially when it's a public thing, you know?" Brian started. "You deserve someone, but take your time just being you and doing the whole Parmore thing. You'll find someone special again," he finished, turning to Aurora and planting a kiss right on her cheek, the kind of kiss that made butterflies flutter in her stomach. The way he held Aurora, kissed her, played with her hair, put his hand in her lap, it all made Hayley want to be touched and played with the same way, for someone to whisper naughty nothings into her ear when only a few could see and fill in the blanks with their own filthy imaginations. Hayley crossed her legs and realized very quickly that her body was not going to let this go unchallenged. Whether she had to get her own room for the night, or just an hour, Hayley was going to need to touch herself later tonight when nobody was looking so she could just come already. She wondered if Brian was going to make Aurora come tonight, or her him. The thought sent Hayley's imagination down a dark, x-rated path she had to pull back from to remember what had just been said to her so she knew how to respond quick enough without either Brian or Aurora becoming suspicious.
Hayley smiled.
"Thanks, I appreciate it. And yes, it can be difficult sometimes..." she admitted.
"Well, truth be told, I didn't ask you here to pick your brain about singing, or for bragging rights tomorrow on the forum, much fun as that may be," Aurora admitted nervously.
"You didn't?" Hayley asked, wholly confused.
"No, I don't mean to freak you out, but I was hoping I could just ask you something straight up and see if you might be interested. You seem like the kind of girl who could keep an open mind about this sort of thing, so I thought what the hell, right? And since you're single, well... when in Rome" Aurora stammered nervously.
Hayley was immediately intrigued by the conversation's sudden unexpected turn, but made slightly nervous too. What did her recent singledom have to do with the question Aurora seemed too embarrassed to ask her. She looked to Brian who blushed again the same way he had when she had caught him staring down her shirt into what little cleavage she could show off.
"Oh boy," was all Hayley could manage.
"I know, so here it goes... my boyfriend and I have been dating for several years now and I wanted to do something really special for him for our anniversary, which just so happens to be tonight. Anyway, he has this huge crush on you."
Hayley blushed. "Oh boy, Brian. How can I compete with this cutie pie here, huh?" Hayley tried to articulate quick enough.
"Ha! Anyway, we've always teased one another about the thought of, well... seducing you whenever we're getting really into it, and I thought it would be really special to see if I could actually interest you in having a threesome with him and me. I mean, I know you're Christian and from the south and all, but still... you're a rockstar and I thought, maybe you'd like to live like one for just one night. Just this one night, you know?"
Hayley just stared at Aurora in amazement. Her and Brian were practically shaking in their seats before her right now. Was she supposed to throw her drink in both of their faces now and storm off? Maybe she was supposed to, and on any other night she may have done just that, but for some reason she only fell in love with the couple's uninvited honesty and open invitation into their sex lives. Well, at least Aurora was getting fucked properly, Hayley thought, which was more than could be said for her she knew.
"Wow! You're pretty direct! Hayley exclaimed.
"I'm sorry if I offended you, and I understand if you want to leave," Aurora said. "Ha, believe me, you haven't offended me, but I am a bit taken aback. Your boyfriend likes me that much? Look at you! How can you not be enough!" Hayley said.
"Wow, thank you! That's a huge compliment, but you're the girl from Paramore. I'll never be able to be that to this guy. Hell, I even dressed up like you a few times, cut and died my hair and everything."
"Oh, wow that's so crazy," Hayley said, her mind rushing to the thought of her being the inspiration for the blue-haired cutie before her to seduce her boyfriend. "So, you make Aurora here dress up as me sometimes, Brian?" Hayley teased him playfully, loving the way he squirmed in his seat nervously while blushing.
"Well..." he stammered.
"Least I know why you were looking down my shirt earlier!" Hayley said. "Aside from the obvious reasons, of course..." Hayley added while Aurora seemed surprised and playfully hit her boyfriend in the arm, looking to him in disbelief of his behavior.
"Brian!" she exclaimed.
"It's okay. I don't mind. My guy fans have dirty minds. I've known that for a while," Hayley said somewhat playfully, sipping on her drink again and making eyes with Brian who shrunk away from her gaze, a fact that made her smile widen. Was she actually considering this, she wondered?
"He idolizes you and I want to give him something special," Aurora added.
"And you thought you'd just ask a stranger to have sex with you and your boyfriend?" Hayley asked honestly enough.
"I know. It's crazy."
"It seriously wouldn't bother you to watch your boyfriend have sex with another girl?" Hayley asked, generally curious about this kind of mindset. She could never have been so open with her past lovers, but she wasn't in love with Brian here. He was just another cute emo boy who jacked off thinking about her.
"No, it actually kind of turns me on to think about being humiliated a little like that... especially if it was you. That really gets me wet," Aurora blurted out.
"I'll say! But you said threesome. Are you into girls enough that you would participate?" Hayley had to ask.
"I'm not a lesbian, but I have to admit, I am pretty attracted to you and the thought of being with a girl is kind of exciting to me especially if my boyfriend is going to be watching. It also gets me hot knowing I'll be pleasing a girl who just had my man here..."
"We wouldn't ask unless we had every intention of taking care of you first before us and making sure you were comfortable with the whole thing and wanted you to feel absolutely beautiful and amazing with the whole thing," Brian blurted out somewhat poetically.
"You're lucky to have a girl as considerate and adventuresome as Aurora, Brian! But I'm not the kind of girl who does this kind of thing. I appreciate your honesty and courage, but I can't just have sex with two people I don't know. I'm sorry, guys, really... but thank you actually. I mean it. Thank you," Hayley said. "If you really want to be adventurous, you know there's a topless picture of me online, right?" she asked, already sure of the couple's answer.
"When I first saw it, I printed it out and masturbated all over it," Brian admitted.
"Well feel free to keep using it for that," Hayley said, feeling her own cheeks flushing the same color as her fire engine red hair. "It is kind of hot that you two know what my boobs look like," Hayley said openly, not believing the words as they left her mouth.
"Oh my gosh, Hayley, you have the cutest little nipples!" Brian admitted.
"Thank you," Hayley said bashfully.
"Brian, stop it! You're making her blush!" Aurora said seriously.
"It's all right, Aurora, but really... I just can't. I'm sorry you two..." Hayley said, feeling somewhat guilty enough, like she had to turn down a boy to the prom, a feeling she didn't actually ever feel since she had quit school early due to the band and bullying at school, eventually finishing her high school career out on the road while at Warped Tour. Still, plenty of her old girlfriends had explained the feeling well enough to her for Hayley to get the idea that this felt just like that.
"It's okay, I understand," Aurora said, obviously unable to contain her defeat and frustration. When the couple finally excused themselves and apologized profusely, Hayley found her eyes wandering to the girl's incredibly well formed bubble-butt as it bounced up and down above her upper thighs while she walked away. Hayley turned back down to the number in her phone, Aurora's, and considered the solicitation that had just been made to her. They had exchanged numbers at the beginning of the day in case they needed to contact each other during an accidental separation. When was the last time she had a good fuck, she wondered? Not since her ex-boyfriend and that was pushing six months at this point. She was practically celibate now. Still, Hayley shrugged. She had to get back to the bus and take a much-needed cold shower.
--
Later that night
-- Hayley finally made it to the bus, which was thankfully empty, and peeled off her clothes and underwear, and jumped right into the shower.
She lost herself to the alleviation of the hot water rushing through her hair and down her body. She grabbed her body wash and began to massage a gentle lather all over her naked body, slowly over her small breasts and fully erect nipples, down her sides, and over her little nub. She thought about Aurora and her boyfriend. She thought about what she might look like dressed as her, and what her boyfriend might do to her if given the chance. If it was one thing she certainly didn't get enough of on the road, it was a good mindless fuck. Hayley began to slowly rub her clit and placed her opposite hand against the shower door for support as the pleasure building up inside her body caused her to feel light-headed and light on her toes.
What was getting into her, she wondered? She had to reach orgasm, something she didn't do nearly enough she decided, but she did not want to waste it. Not this one. She needed to fuck badly. Finally, Hayley stepped out of her shower, naked and dripping wet, and grabbed her cell phone out of her pants crumpled on the floor before the shower. She opened her phone and landed on Aurora's number and sent a text message to her.
HAYLEY: Hey, is this Aurora?
A few moments went by. The cool air outside the shower caused Hayley's nipples to keep rock hard. Either that or she really was that horny. She felt gooseflesh spread all over her small breasts too. Finally, the sound of her phone receiving a text message danced through the air, like literal music to her ears.
AURORA: Yeah, who's this?
Hayley typed her response.
HAYLEY: Its Hayley, the girl you tried to have a threesome with!
Hayley waited for Aurora's response again.
AURORA: OMG! Hey! I'm sorry if I bothered you that much
HAYLEY: You didn't, do you mind if I come over?
An excruciating long beat of silence. Hayley felt her own juices flowing between her legs, her impending orgasm building deep behind her g-spot and pressing hard against her pelvic bone. When Hayley came, it was always long and hard, and the circumstance surrounding this one would be especially exciting, she thought. Finally, Aurora responded.
AURORA: Yes, of course! Brian is still here, is that okay?
HAYLEY: Sure, but make sure he sees this.
Hayley took the phone in her hand and switched it to camera mode and aimed it at the shower mirror, which displayed her milky white, silky smooth, dripping wet and completely clean-shaven naked form. She aimed the camera at the reflection and took a fully nude candid of herself staring at the camera with sultry bedroom eyes. Satisfied, she uploaded the image to her photos and sent it to Aurora as a photo message with the caption "DON'T LET ANYONE SEE THIS! If you are as nice as you seem then I know I can trust you." No more twitter accidents with her ta-tas, Hayley had promised, but she just couldn't resist this sin. And with that, Hayley was getting changed already, not wanting to be a scrub and show up in the same outfit as she had left in. She felt her body aching for attention, wondering how excited Brian would be when he saw his crush completely nude in a photo taken for his eyes only.
AURORA: OMG! OMG! I WON'T! Come over RIGHT NOW! P.S. Damn, you have an amazing body! Brian, "I can't believe Hayley's pussy is shaved! That's so fucking hot on her!"
Hayley smiled and found her keys.
"Hey," Aurora said as she met Hayley at her hotel doorway an hour later, feeling somewhat like a hooker coming over after being called on a hotline.
Hayley smiled and looked over at a clearly overtly excited and disheveled Brian standing above Aurora who couldn't keep his eyes off of her body.
"Come on in," Aurora gestured.
Hayley followed the loving couple inside. They ate cheese and crackers and drank soda in the kitchen while making small talk. Hayley was half-interviewing them, trying to get a feeling for the people she was about to share an incredibly special sexual experience with.
"I think it's sweet you two can be so open with each other. I can tell you two are very much in love," Haylay said.
Aurora and Brian shared a look and smiled at each other.
"We are," Brian said. "Very much."
Hayley finally set down her glass and looked deep into Brian's eyes.
"So, how did you like my picture?"
"So much I think I'm going to be able to use that whenever I want to imagine you and I going at it, you know? Don't worry, you can trust us with it," Brian stated.
"I'm glad. So, this is really your show, so I guess the reason I wanted to come over was to say that I was a little curious to at least hear you guys out on what sort of things you guys had in store for me. I'm certainly curious to know how I play into your fantasies," Hayley said amused, leaning on the counter to the couple before her.
"Of course! Well, it would all be whatever you were comfortable with," Brian stumbled.
"Well, I guess I'm not entirely sure what that is," Hayley said. "I'm a very impressionable young girl. I could be talked into quite a few situations including ones that involved other women," Hayley toyed.
"Well, I'd like to have sex with you!" Brian exclaimed.
Hayley chuckled. "Yeah, I got that, but what exactly do you want to do with me?"
Brian looked over to Aurora who smiled and nodded. He turned back to Hayley and continued. "I'd want to get you naked and just stare at you from every angle. I'd want to see your butt too and kiss you all over and eat you out and I'd want to fuck you from behind too."
Hayley crossed her legs, her pussy already flooding with excitement.
"Sounds pretty hot. I haven't been tagged from behind since Warped Tour. I bet you're pretty hard right now, aren't you?"
Brian smiled bashfully.
"Yeah..."
"And would you want to watch me and your girlfriend do things together?" she asked.
Brian nodded as Hayley walked over to him and grabbed the huge bulge bursting beneath his jeans at his crotch. Aurora shifted on her feet as she watched the nubile rockstar continue to grab her boyfriend. Hayley then leaned in and whispered into Brian's ear.
"You want us to maybe kiss each other?" she whispered.
"Oh yes..." he breathed.
Hayley started to rub Brian's bulge up and down.
"And maybe get naked and kiss each other's bodies?" Hayley went on.
Brian moaned, obviously attempting to stay in control of his own orgasm. Hayley felt his erection constrained painfully beneath his jeans and belt.
"Yes... and eat each other out... God your hands on me... feel so good..." he admitted, reaching out and nervously putting a hand on her shoulder.
Hayley smirked.
"Then why don't you get naked right now?" Hayley asked.
"You want me to get naked, right here, right now?" he asked her.
"Yeah, baby, show her that big cock you fuck her with when I dress up like her," Aurora said, seemingly mesmerized by Hayley fondling her boyfriend, her hand already down her pants. Hayley decided it was time to give in to carnal pleasure too.
"Well, may I kiss you first?" Brian asked.
"Sure," Hayley said.
Brian pulled in Hayley for a deep and passionate kiss that she melted into. He was a gentle kisser, but a little overly excited. He slipped his tongue into her mouth, which she felt obligated to reciprocate a little at first, though after a few seconds she did not mind. Soon, she was melting into the sensation of Brian's tongue dancing in and out of her mouth. Brian himself seemed in heaven, as he no doubt tasted the strawberry balm on his crush's lips, Hayley thought. He took her face in his hands and pulled her lower back toward him, pressing her body against his. He then pressed his groin against her crotch. Hayley shuddered ever so slightly when she felt the bulge in Brian's jeans press between her legs. After a few minutes, Brian pulled away.
Hayley was left, eyes closed, wanting so much more.
Finally, she opened her eyes and saw Brian staring back at her, Aurora still slowly rubbing herself beneath her jeans. She turned back to Brian.
"Wow, you're a great kisser!" she exclaimed.
"You too!" Brian stated excitedly.
"Why don't we all head into the bedroom?" Hayley said.
--
"Aurora, why don't you continue rubbing yourself right there on the chair?" Hayley asked.
Aurora did as she was told and sat down on the chair next to the couch. She unbuckled her belt, unfastened her button, and unzipped her jeans. Hayley and Brian looked over and watched her slip her pants and underwear down just far enough to reveal the neatly trimmed landing strip of pubic hair protecting her aching little nub. Hayley blushed as she caught Aurora's eyes when she slipped her hand back between her legs and started to rub. Hayley then turned back to Brian, a huge tent pitched in his jeans that she grabbed again. Brian nearly feinted, which Hayley noticed.
"Here, lie down," Hayley gestured as she lead Brian to the bed.
Hayley then unfastened Brian's belt.
"I want to humiliate your girlfriend now," Hayley admitted, turning and staring into Aurora's eyes, Aurora moaning out in response to Hayley's words.
"I might not last that long the first time," Brian admitted nervously.
Hayley smiled devilishly.
"That's okay, cum whenever you need to. We'll focus on me second," Hayley said.
"Of course. I'm going to make you cum so fucking hard," Brian moaned as Hayley unbuttoned Brian's jeans and unzipped his zipper ever so slowly. Then, the little flame-headed emo rockstar reached inside of her fan's pants, inside of his briefs, and pulled out his throbbing, aching erection dripping with pre-cum at the tip. It rocketed up to attention with such force that Hayley nearly cried out from surprise. It was a meaty cock, larger than her ex-boyfriends' by a long shot. She could feel it pulsating in her firm grip, a few veins running up the shaft that pulsated in her grip. The engorged head was already a mess with slimy pre-cum smeared all over. Hayley grabbed Brian's cock and gave it a firm squeeze and then looked back into Brian's eyes. He was already moaning out, fighting his impending orgasm. Hayley loved the sight of this meaty thing in her hands, playing with her boyfriends' penises always her favorite form of foreplay. Hayley turned and saw Aurora masturbating to her hand around her boyfriend's cock and smiled.
"Does this turn you on, Aurora, me grabbing your boyfriend's stiff, aching cock?" Hayley asked, honestly intrigued by the young girl's desire to watch.
"Very much so, yes, Hayley... please don't stop..." Aurora admitted.
"So, what all did you do to that girl over there when she was me?" Hayley asked as she began slowly stroking Brian's massive cock in her frail little hand.
"Uh, are you sure you want to know?"
"I do!" Hayley exclaimed, giving Brian another firm squeeze, which caused him to moan out.
"Well, we fooled around a little, but I made her give me head," he admitted with some trepidation.
"Wow you made her, huh?" Hayley asked.
"Uh, yeah..."
"You don't think I'd give a good looking guy like you the sloppiest blowjob of your life voluntarily?" Hayley teased, slowly rubbing her hand up and down the shaft as she met eyes with Aurora again, now kicking herself out of her pants and underwear. She soon freed herself and spread her legs out, revealing to Hayley her aching lips and glistening slit. Aurora focused most of her attention on her clit it seemed, constantly rubbing and teasing it with one hand while she reached under her shirt and bra to massage her naked breasts with the other. Hayley focused on the young girl's privates, taking the time to appreciate the beauty and unique look of Aurora's pussy. She found herself strangely attracted to not just Aurora, but to the female form in a light she had never seen it in. A naked woman had never made her feel so nervous, so flushed, or so vulnerable. The sight of her slightly embarrassed Hayley at first, but she couldn't not look, captivated by the sight of another girl spreading herself so wide. It wasn't nearly as hot to Hayley as the thick cock in her hand, or any thick cock would ever be to her, especially cocks that got hard just to the thought of her, but something about Aurora's pussy drove her wild, a childhood curiosity suddenly brought to light in the form of a newfound desire to experiment with the young woman watching her. Aurora blushed as Hayley continued, but Brian finally caught her staring.
"She has the most beautiful pussy, doesn't she?" he said.
"You'll like mine more, I promise," she whispered in her ear, keeping eyes on Aurora who moaned in response to such humiliation.
"I can't wait to see it in full bloom..." he moaned.
"If you're good, you'll see it anyway you want to see it..." Hayley teased him.
"Have you ever given head before?" Brian asked.
"Brian!" Aurora exclaimed. "You can't just ask a girl that!"
Hayley giggled.
"Says the girl half naked and masturbating in front of me," Hayley teased.
Aurora smiled, exhaled, and returned to her own pleasure. Hayley turned back to Brian.
"And it's fine. Yes, I have. I had a boyfriend for a while, but we broke up. I'm no stranger to pleasing a guy with my mouth. I love giving my guys blowjays whenever they need a little relief. I know how relieving it can be to cum when you really just need to fucking explode with your lover helping you... or watching," Hayley admitted, winking to Aurora.
Brian arched his head back as Hayley grabbed him even harder.
"I guess I just liked the idea of being forceful was all," Brian admitted.
"I bet it was fun," Hayley stated. "What else did you do to that girl over there when she was me?"
Brian moaned out as Hayley started to rub him faster and faster.
"Okay! Slow down, slow down I'll tell you. I ate her out and we fucked like crazy. I even stuck it in her ass!"
Hayley's eyes went wide.
"Wow, I've never had anal sex before. How was I?" she asked, intrigued.
"Amazing! You took it all the way in."
"How many inches?" she asked.
"Eight and three quarters," Aurora admitted happily enough.
"In my butt? Wow, I doubt my body could even handle that!" Hayley exclaimed. "I doubt I could fit this thing in my pussy let alone my ass. You have no idea how tight my pussy is, Brian. Even Chad said it hurt the first couple of times we had sex," Hayley said, recalling how sore the inside of her pussy had been for a couple of days after their first fuck. It wasn't until a week later she let him back inside of her, only to experience the same discomfort after. But Hayley had to force herself to let her boyfriend break her in so that sex would become instantly enjoyable for her whenever she wanted to come as hard as she made Chad come.
"It wasn't easy, that's for... oh wow... that's for sure..." Aurora admitted, seemingly recalling the sensation of having the meaty cock in Hayley's hand buried deep inside of her ass.
"I'd like to see you when I cum!" Brian exclaimed, instantly fumbling to put his hands inside of her shirt.
A devilish smile formed on Hayley's face.
"Would you?"
Brian nodded.
Hayley released Brian, almost to his relief. She stood up and peeled off her top slowly, revealing her lacy black bra beneath, the one she picked out just to show off to these two polyamorous lovebirds. She then unbuckled her belt and slipped it from around her waist and tossed it at Brian. She then unfastened her button and slowly unzipped her jeans, the sound of the zipper unzipping loud as a jackhammer echoing through the large living room to Brian she imagined. When Brian saw the color of Hayley's lacy, matching underwear beneath, he started to grab himself. Hayley let out a slight whimper beneath her breath when she saw Brian grab his thick cock and give it a firm squeeze.
"Do you masturbate a lot to me, Brian?" she asked.
"Yes I wanted to jack off to that photo so badly, but..." he managed.
"You wanted to have me instead? The real thing?" Hayley teased.
"Yes... God yes..."
Hayley smiled, reached around her back, and unhooked her bra. She slowly pulled it away from her chest, her breasts were very small, with tiny dark brown nipples standing at attention. They were creamy white and completely flawless. Brian squeezed himself even harder. Hayley just watched him and then traced her fingers around her areolas and over her erect nipples.
"Jesus Hayley, look at those little itty bitty titties! That tit pic doesn't do those things justice! Wow, I can't believe I'm actually really seeing them in real life," Brian said, stroking himself all the harder and faster for his rockstar lover standing topless before him.
"They are itty bitty titties, aren't they?" Hayley said, looking down at her breasts. "I love them. They're the perfect little shape and size for a girl my size," Hayley said. "But wait 'til you see my naked ass. It's my favorite part of my body, hands down." Hayley added, before reaching down to hook her fingers into the bands of her panties and slowly slip them off her hips, revealing her nearly bald vulva but for the small, closely trimmed wisp of hair just above her actual pussy to both Brian and Aurora. She then stepped out of them and tossed them to Brian.
"Go ahead," she said playfully.
Brian smiled and then smelled her panties. He kept taking in her scent, which Chad had described to her as forbidden, musky, and a little sweet. Brian's eyes immediately fell to Hayley's nearly clean-shaven pussy.
"Oh my God!" he said. "Look at that little stash, Hayley! I thought for sure you were clean shaven for sure!" he said, taking in her scent on her panties again. "And I always imagined you smelled sweet, but not like this... it's so musky and pungent."
"Sorry to disappoint, but I like to keep just a tiny little bit down there. Just the size of a nickel really, a little tiny little thing... I really like it... running my hands over it..." Hayley admitted freely, bending down and running her fingers through the patch.
"May I eat your pussy?" Brian asked.
"Only if you can share," Hayley said.
Brian looked to Aurora who exchanged a concerned look with Hayley.
"It's okay," Hayley said through a nervous smile of her own as she sat back down on the couch next to Brian who got up, sat beneath Hayley on his knees. Hayley kept her legs shut tightly, hiding her unique flower for the time being. Aurora, bottomless, joined Brian, and nervously sat before Hayley with him, her heart racing at the sight of the amorous couple kneeling, exposed and both partially naked. "I've never let a girl do this to me..." Hayley admitted nervously, suddenly wondering if she had let things go too far at this point. "Why don't you guys kiss a little bit and show me how much you're in love..." she added.
And the two kissed passionately, sloppily, hungrily, Brian's hands all over Aurora's exposed breasts and puffy little pink nipples, falling between her legs and slipping between her legs, his fingers plunging into her privates and driving Aurora crazy. She went for her boyfriend's cock and started to stroke it, a sight that Hayley had to open her legs for. When they turned, Brian and Aurora both nearly had a heart attack. Hayley knew she had a tight pussy, her lips tight, her labia hidden beneath.
"You like it more than your girlfriend's?" Hayley asked, not believing she did.
"I hate to have to pick, but if I did have to... yours is a little tighter looking..." Brian admitted to Hayley who turned to Aurora whose cheeks flushed. "Hayley... your pussy is absolutely beautiful. You're such a beautiful woman," Brian added, staring right into it, a fact that made Hayley's tummy turn in knots.
"Does that bother you that your boyfriend worships me, Aurora? That he likes this pussy better than yours?" Hayley asked, honestly wanting to know.
"No... I'm glad you didn't disappoint him. I want him to be happy tonight," she said, turning to Brian. "This is it, big guy," Aurora said.
"Hey, you two. I'm feeling a little vulnerable right now. I think you two should get naked. Undress each other for me. I think that'd be hot," Hayley said.
Aurora smiled and reached over and pulled her lover's shirt up and over his head, revealing his skinny abdomen to Hayley. Elizabeth started to kiss Brian as she reached down and grabbed his throbbing penis, Brian moaning into Aurora's kiss as she unfastened his jeans and slipped them off him. Next came his briefs. Hayley started to rub herself at the sight and then looked to Aurora.
Aurora smiled as Brian pulled her shirt up, over her head and lifted her bra off her C-cup breasts with medium sized, gauged, pink nipples that he immediately started to lick and suck all over. He slowly bit each of Aurora's nipples, causing her to moan out each time. And then Brian ripped her top and bra off so hard and fast, Aurora was almost alarmed. They kissed passionately again and then both looked up to Hayley.
And then she smiled. Brian looked to Aurora as if for permission.
"Go ahead," was all Aurora said.
Brian then spread Hayley's lips far apart, revealing her hot pink pussy hiding beneath. He peeled her labia open and started to lick the inside of her womanhood. Hayley arched her back, having forgotten the extreme pleasures of a man's tongue inside of her womanhood. Brian was a man on a mission, determined to lap up all of Hayley's nectar, it seemed, and literally drink from her pussy. Hayley felt his tongue all over her lips and inside her, which sent tiny explosions running through her groin. Quickly she found her hands teasing her clit while Brian went to town consuming her. By the time he pulled away, his mouth and nose were covered in her shimmering juices, the sight of him covered like that a bit embarrassing to Hayley. She hadn't realized she had gotten that wet.
"Wow, you smell and taste amazing, Hayley!" Brian exclaimed.
"Thank you," was all she could manage.
Brian took Hayley's swollen lips and spread them apart again, revealing her hot pink to him. Her vulva was swollen and aching for attention. Then, Brian started to finger her. When his fingers pushed halfway inside of Hayley, she cried out in response, and Brian immediately had to apply more pressure to push past her walls in order to gain maximum penetration. Hayley cried out again when she felt not one, but two pair of lips on her pussy. She looked up to see Brian and Aurora both eating her now. Aurora looked up at her and smiled, she reached up and dragged her hand all over her naval while Brian continued to finger her. Occasionally, Brian and Aurora stopped to sloppily make out with each other, their shared kiss tainted in Hayley's musky juices.
"How do you like eating pussy?" Brian asked of his girlfriend.
"It's... different. She taste really sweet. I'm just not used to girls..." she admitted. "Am I not pleasing you?" she asked timidly.
"You just need to get deeper in her, here, like this," Brian said, pushing her face into Hayley's wet pussy, burying her nose and lips into her slit, Hayley screaming out in response. "Now start using your tongue in her like that," he said. Hayley just looked down and watched the whole thing happen between her legs while masturbating and wondered if this was all real, or if she could do this with all of her fans in every city. She could have as many lovers as there were nights or even more lovers than there were nights if she so desired to take many.
Hayley watched a girl eat her pussy, the first girl who had ever eaten her pussy. She wasn't skilled perhaps, but knew her way around down there, paying special attention to her clit while Brian continued to penetrate her with his fingers and tongue. Then, Hayley felt Brian rub the mess of her wet pussy all over her tight asshole.
"That feels amazing," Hayley said shuddering.
"Yeah?" Brian asked.
"Yeah..."
Brian smiled and then slipped a finger into her tight sphincter. He turned over and saw his girlfriend, face covered in another woman, tongue deep inside his rockstar crush's juices. Hayley felt her own orgasm building and building as the loving couple continued to work her aching pussy. Soon, she was grabbing Aurora and Brian by their hair and pulling them deeper inside her hole. Hayley's orgasm built against her clit and inside her pussy. Brian's fingers inside her ass pushed to forbidden depths that caused the orgasm building against her g-spot to build greater than she had ever known before. Then, suddenly, when Brian slipped his fingers in both her pussy and ass, while Aurora was licking her, she cried out and exploded into orgasm and started spraying the cute couple in a shower of her juices. Aurora tried to duck away from it, but Hayley held her head tightly in place as her cum continued to flood out of her like water rushing from a broken dam and spray out. The relief of her orgasm exploding through her body, of her toes going number and her womanhood draining caused Hayley's whole body to flood with ecstasy. Her body went rigid, her back stiff, and for a brief moment Hayley was in Heaven as she painted Aurora's face in the orgasm that she helped bring her to.
"Sweetie, open your mouth! That's her cum!"
Aurora somewhat reluctantly opened her mouth, and Hayley played along trying to aim properly for it, occasionally splashing Aurora in the nose and eyes with her juices.
Hayley felt pure ecstasy and nothing else.
Then she came one more time, the explosion rippling from her g-spot through her groin and back again over her already sensitive g-spot.
And then Hayley came again.
Brian was quick to lap up the flowing juices rushing out of her when the stream died down and Hayley's screams finally died down. Then, Brian turned to Aurora, holding an open mouth full of Hayley's cum.
"Sweetie, let me see that... oh my God... is that all of Hayley's cum in your mouth there?" he asked, obviously incredibly turned on by the sight of it. She nodded. Even Hayley couldn't believe it, feeling somewhat ashamed of where she found herself after her head came back down from the clouds she was in. Immediately, Hayley felt like a whore and ashamed of herself for sinning so much and so fast like this. She felt like a deviant, but it turned her on even still.
"I want that cum in my mouth, honey," Brian said.
Aurora stood up and grabbed Brian by the head and offered Hayley's cum to him. Hayley watched Brian open his mouth and Aurora spit a mouthful of her orgasm down into her boyfriend's mouth, Brian swallowing it all gladly. Aurora and Brian made out sloppily as Hayley slowly recovered.
Brian got up and literally lifted Hayley, unable to stand on her own two feet, up into the air. He looked at her, eyes glassed over, and kissed her deeply. She smelled herself, the bite of her own musky cum filling up her nostrils and driving her insane. She loved being kissed like that, while her orgasm was still all over her lover's mouth. Maybe that was where she got her curiosity for girls, she wondered, all those years of tasting her own flower on her lover's kisses. Brian then looked back at her after pulling away, a determined look in his eyes that almost frightened Hayley.
"I need you to suck me off."
Hayley found herself on her knees in front of a throbbing cock covered in slimy pre-cum. Aurora got up and crawled next to Brian and started to masturbate to the sight of Hayley on her knees before her boyfriend. Hayley was still catching her breath when Brian grabbed a fistful of her hair and dragged the tip of his cock all over her face, smearing her face in his pre-cum. Hayley reveled in the feeling of letting her inner cum-slut surface. Then, without warning, Hayley grabbed Brian and plunged it into her mouth. She started to blow him like it was the last blowjob she was going to give. She bobbed up and down on it, kneeling up so as to take it deeper into her throat. She dragged her hands through Brian's pubic region and all over his naval, occasionally dragging her nails back down on him. Then, Hayley looked up at Brian who watched her suck him as if in a trance. She winked at him.
Brian grabbed Hayley's head and pushed it so far down that his cock rammed into the back of her throat, just above her tonsils. She started to gag, but finally he released her. When Brian released her, Hayley pulled herself off him and looked up at him.
"Easy there, partner. I promise I'll get you off."
"Will you sing to me?" he asked.
Hayley looked confused.
"What?"
"One of your songs... while you blow me?"
Hayley then realized this was exactly how his fantasy went down. She smiled.
"Sure."
Hayley looked into his eyes and started to serenade him with "Misery Business" while Brian occasionally interrupted her by slipping his cock into her mouth. Still, she was able to hum the harmony even with a mouthful of cock. He pulled out just as Hayley managed to sing,"But when I thought he was mine, she caught him by the mouth,"just before Brian slipped his cock back into her wanting mouth. Brian let her sing the chorus, which Hayley wanted to direct to Aurora."Whoa, it was never my intention to brag, but I got him where I want him now. Whoa, it was never my intention to brag, to steal it all away from you now!"Hayley playing the role of cuckcake to Aurora's cuckquean, winking at her as Brian shoved his manhood back into her mouth, which she happily sucked on.
They continued this dance until he saw Brian whisper something into his masturbating girlfriend's ear that really got her going. A second later, Aurora stood up and kneeled next to Hayley. She took her face in her hands and drew her in for a deep and sloppy kiss. Hayley was immediately stung by the scent of her own privates stained on Aurora's face. Never before having kissed a girl, Hayley drew Aurora in and the two quickly began groping while Brian began masturbating in front of them. She couldn't see, but she could hear the sound and it really got her going even more than making out and being molested by a naked girl.
Brian reached out and grabbed Hayley mid-kiss and slammed her mouth back on his cock. Hayley began to suck him again, and then decided to get really dirty. "Fuck my throat," she said.
"Are you sure?" Brian asked, grabbing a fistful of Hayley's hair, showing her who was boss right then.
"Yes! It's not the best thing for my voice, but I don't care. I'll just tell everyone that I'm getting a cold if my voice sounds raspy tomorrow..." Hayley said.
"You want me to fuck your throat that hard?" Brian asked.
"Just fucking do it," Hayley demanded. "Make me a whore."
Brian smiled and then slammed her mouth back onto his cock. The sound of his erection slamming into the back of her throat and hitting her tonsils sounded awful, and a couple of times Aurora told him to go easier on her. But Brian didn't care, he had Hayley's throat and he was determined to use it as he saw fit. Hayley reveled in the feeling of having a cock slam against her tonsils over and over, pushing past her gag reflex each time. The sounds were guttural and awful. It had been a while since she had let anyone use her mouth like her pussy before because of what it did to her vocal chords and voice, but it really got her going when she heard such abuse. Then, Brian held her head in place, her nose buried in his neatly trimmed hair, her eyes watering over. She gagged around the nine inches of cock stuck in her throat making it difficult for her to breath. When she tried to push off of Brian, he held her in place and caused her eyes to water over and run into her mascara, which ran down her cheeks. Finally, Brian release Hayley and she broke out into a coughing fit, thick strands of pre-cum and saliva stretching away from his cock to her lips.
"Finish me off, you little emo slut!" Brian exclaimed.
Hayley didn't mind the name-calling. In fact, it caused her to just go crazy. Brian released her and let Hayley take control again. Hayley started to suck Brian's dick as if engaged in some sort of blowjob contest. It was the sloppiest blowjob she had ever given and being watched only got her off further. After a little while, she started to fondle, cup, and gently massage his balls before bending down and taking each one into her mouth to suck on.
"I love having my balls sucked like that. Do you like sucking dick, Hayley?" Brian asked. Hayley finally came up for air.
"You're quite the little dirty talker, aren't you?"
"Sorry..." he said.
"That's okay. I kind of like it. And for the record, I love swallowing dick. I'm a little whore when it comes to giving head it seems. I love dragging cocks all over my face."
Hayley dove back onto Brian's cock as Aurora could only watch on in awe.
"Is this what you like watching, Aurora?" Hayley teased when she came back up. "Your man's cock in another girl's mouth?"
"Yes, especially your mouth, Hayley..." Aurora said, still masturbating.
"I'm not going to last much longer," Brian moaned. Hayley came up again, another thick strand of pre-cum connecting her mouth to Brian's cock. Her face was covered in glistening pre-cum.
"Where did you cum when you did this to your girlfriend?"
"On her... her..." Brian breathed, seemingly embarrassed about the answer, a fact that only made Hayley want to hear it all the more.
"My what?" asked Hayley. "Tell me, Brian..."
"Your... face!" he moaned, stroking his soaking cock over her face.
"You gave me a facial?" Hayley asked, intrigued.
"Seriously, Hayley," Brian began, dragging his fingertips across the line of her face and down her cheeks. "Your face is absolutely breathtaking. Your porcelain skin, those beautiful sultry eyes, this red hair, and that cute little gap in your front teeth there," he finished, reaching out and touching the gap in her teeth.
"You trying to butter me up for a nice facial?" Hayley asked.
"I feel like unloading this load of cum anywhere else on you, or even in you, would be a waste. That face is a little masterpiece that I'd love to unload on," he said.
"Maybe it's just the perfect canvas in which to paint your masterpiece on!" Hayley said playfully.
"I think it would absolutely radiate on your face," Brian said as Hayley reached up and started to massage his balls again while Aurora just sat back and watched while rubbing herself.
"What? Your cum? Oh I have no doubt it would. How do you think I have such clear skin?" Hayley teased.
"You've had cum on your face before?" Brian said excitedly.
"Just because I'm the queen of emo doesn't mean I've forgotten what it means to be emo. Us emo girls have a certain, shall I say, reputation to uphold...ahem..."
"Emo girls look so hot with cum on their face. More than any other girls," Brian admitted. "It's why I started hitting on Aurora here. I knew she'd let me come on her face when she finally sucked my cock and mark her as my territory."
"You really want to cover this famous face in cum don't you?"
"More than anything."
"Call me a slut!" Hayley exclaimed.
"You are a slut! Look at you, sucking my cock!"
"You really want to cover this emo slut's face, don't you?"
"Yes!" Brian exclaimed.
"Hmm, then I guess I better let you. It's what us emo girls are known for isn't it? Taking big loads of hot, sticky cum all over our faces after we've just finished sucking a big juicy cock right?"
"I can't believe I'm going to cover your face in my cum!"
Hayley started to jack Brian off as fast as she could. Brian then positioned himself over her and aimed the head of his penis right at Hayley's face.
"Go ahead, paint my face with your sperm. Give this girl the emo facial of her dreams. Cover her in your sperm and put her in her place. Mark her as your territory right in front of that girlfriend of yours. Show her that you own me sexually and that only I can make you come as hard as I know you're about to," Hayley playfully toyed while looking up into his eyes and begging him for his cum.
Hayley turned to Aurora.
"Look at me sweetie. Look at what you'll never be able to do."
"Here it comes!" Brian exclaimed
Brian finally exploded sending a thick jet of hot sperm rocketing into her eye and sealing it shut instantly, his thick, white, hot cream congealing into her lashes. It stung instantly, semen trapped behind her eyelid and washing over her eyes now. But before she could focus on the discomfort, another jet launched out of his cock and landed in one long jet across her forehead, hair, streaking down over her nose, and finally finishing across her cheek. Hayley flinched away, but Brian held her head in place as he shot his next thick jet straight up the bridge of her nose and into the corner of her eye. Another three jets splattered right across her cheeks and splashed across her ear. Brian shot another thick jet right onto Hayley's nose, the thick globule of cream too heavy to sit on it and slowly sliding off the tip and stretching off of it like a thick icicle. Another thick helping of Brian's semen fell across Hayley's lips, which oozed down all over her chin. Aurora just watched on, incredulous, Hayley knowing that she had never seen Brian come this much or this hard. Hayley turned back and smiled up at Brian as he continued to whitewash her face. The next couple of jets splattered across Hayley's forehead and mixed with the original jets, already dripping down her face. Brian started to cry out as he sent his last jets flying over her nose, continuing to paint his masterpiece onto the flame-headed emo queen slut of rock. The marvelous way in which his cum popped on her face and radiated on her skin gave Hayley's facial a particular eloquence that most porn stars could never hope to achieve. She looked classy wearing all of that cream, like it simply belonged on her face. Brian shook off his remaining jets across Hayley's small breasts and collapsed back onto the couch, drained completely.
Hayley froze, in shock from the action she had just let happen to her.
"Wow..." was all she could say.
"Yeah," Brian managed.
"You look like an iced cinnamon roll, Hayley... Jesus...." he said.
"Brian... I've never seen you do that... Hayley, are you all right?" she asked.
"I'm fine," she admitted, but actually she wasn't so sure. "But I feel like there's a gallon of cum on my face," she added.
"Think of all those little sperm swimming around in that cum on your face right now, Hayley. Millions of them are swimming around your face right now, all of that potential life sliding down your face and marking you as my little girl," he breathed.
"I am. Wow... I've never heard a facial so poetically described Brian. I think I'm going to need a minute to just enjoy this," Hayley said. "All of this cum on my face."
"That's seriously more cum than I've ever seen Brian shoot before," Aurora admitted. "I guess he really likes you!"
"How do I look?" Hayley asked.
"Incredible," Brian admitted.
"I feel like you just marked me."
Brian grabbed his phone and then showed it to Hayley.
"You seriously look like a little strawberry toaster strudle."
Hayley laughed.
"Now that's a compliment I'm sure I've never gotten!" she admitted, finally opening her one unmarked eye and looking up in enough time to see a thick helping of cream slide off her brow and dangle in front of her brow. She could feel it hanging off her chin, dangling off her nose, and cascading down her skin everywhere Bobby had shot. There was some sliding down her chest toward her pussy, Hayley hoping it reached its target and slid over her own cum still dripping from between her legs and onto the carpet of their hotel room floor.
"Do you feel kind of slutty looking like that?" Brian asked.
"A little..."
"I don't mean to press my luck, but..."
"Yes! Take my picture covered in your cum. Get some good ones," Hayley insisted.
"You're my little prize."
Brian smiled and stood up, his cock going limp before Hayley's eyes. His balls looked to be much less swollen than they had been before, Hayley imagining that she had probably drained their entire contents onto her face just a few moments ago. Still, she couldn't take her eyes off the meaty thing, still dripping with cum. She felt the cool semen running down all over her face, thick and cool, now spilling over every one of her features. It was coating her skin like warm icing sliding over a freshly baked pastry, which only made Hayley more excited. Brian started to snap off photo after photo of her messy facial. Hayley gave the camera a number of sultry gazes and even spread her legs and labia apart for a few especially nasty candids she prayed did not get leaked on Twitter. These photos would be far harder to explain, and much more embarrassing than simply letting her fanbase see what her nipples looked like. Then, much to Hayley's delight, Brian slipped his cock back in Hayley's mouth and took a photo of her sucking his cock, face covered in his warm seed. Then, Hayley decided to really shock Brian and do something she had only ever done for Chad before. She started to slowly open her mouth and let some of Brian's semen leak into her mouth, most of it spilling down from her top lip to her bottom though. Hayley then started to slowly blow little bubbles with his sperm.
"You ever see a girl blow bubbles with cum, Brian?" she asked seductively.
"No! Never! My God! Look at that... and that strand on your nose too!"
Hayley started to blow at it, causing it blow around off her nose. Finally, she took her tongue out and started to toy with it, rolling it around on her tongue and moving it back and forth until the strand caught on her bottom lip which made her giggle like a little school girl. Still, Brian snapped off more candids of her sultry cum-play.
"I think I'm going to need a towel or a few tissues..." Hayley said.
"Or you could leave it on your face like a proper little cum-slut," Brian suggested. "Besides, I don't want you to waste all of that cum. It's got lots of nutrients that every young girl needs in her diet," he said playfully.
"Next you'll tell me it'll make my boobs grow if I swallow it!" Hayley retorted smiling coyly.
"I wouldn't mind running this test over a trial period of a few months. We could measure your boobs daily and check the data at the end of the experiment!" he replied.
"The amount of Chad's cum that I swallowed... I'd have double D's by now... minimum," Hayley came back, looking down at her naked, cum-streaked breasts. "But still..." Hayley scooped a thick globule of sperm from her cheek into her mouth and swallowed it down with an audible gulp. "Yumm!" she said. "That doesn't mean I'm not willing to keep trying."
Brian smiled and then unexpectedly climbed on top of her and shoved his whole cock, already stiffening again, deep into her wet pussy. Hayley cried out, frightened by Brian's ability to rejuvenate so quickly (and that he was able to penetrate her without warning). Hayley looked deep into his eyes. He was staring back at her, her cum-soaked face looking vulnerably back at him.
"Look at how beautiful I made you. I didn't think it was possible to improve on perfection," Brian said honestly, admiring his handiwork streaked all over her.
Brian then began to thrust in and out of Hayley who started to moan out in ecstasy as she felt him reach depths she hadn't felt since Chad. Brian looked over at Aurora who smiled nervously and crawled over to Hayley. She leaned down and began kissing her. Brian's cum smeared all over Aurora's lips and face as she really started to get into it. Soon, they were making out, their tongues literally coated in Brian's seed. Then Aurora did the unexpected.
She sat on top of Hayley's face and looked into Brian's eyes. Hayley had never been with a girl, and though she enjoyed being eaten by one... this was different. Now she was literally overwhelmed by everything feminine, by Aurora's aching pussy, which emanated heat and an intoxicating smell that caused Hayley's juices to start flowing around Brian's cock as it pumped deeper and deeper into her. She swallowed nervously and stuck out her tongue, gently gliding it over Aurora's wet slit.
"I love you," she heard Aurora tell Brian who she could see was trying to bend down and get a front row ticket to the Hayley eating her first pussy show.
Brian smiled at the sight of her tongue in another girl and continued to push in and out of Hayley, attempting not to explode at the sight of his girlfriend being eaten out by the rockstar he crushed on (and was currently inside). Aurora's sweet nectar flowed out over Hayley's face and mixed with Brian's cum, which still smeared over her vulva, the forbidden mixture then smearing back onto her features and running down her face and down onto the floor. Hayley was clearly doing something right, she could tell, since Aurora was now literally grinding herself into her mouth. Brian continued to buck in and out of Hayley, which only caused Hayley to go crazier, reaching up and grabbing at Aurora's hips in an attempt to literally pull her deeper into her mouth. Then, Brian stopped pumping in her.
"No! Don't stop. Please! Keep fucking me!" Hayley said.
"Say that again," he said.
"Fuck me, Brian. Fuck me. Fuck me hard, just fuck my little emo brains out!"
Brian pulled out of Hayley, his cock dripping with the rockstar's nectar.
"Turn over," he demanded.
"You don't want to watch?" Aurora asked, Hayley too preoccupied to listen to Brian. And then Aurora fell on top of Hayley and began to lick her clit, they ending up in the famed 69 position. Hayley continued to reach up and lick, massage, and eat her fan's wet pussy in front of the girl's boyfriend whose cum continued to slide down her face. The sight of his cum smeared all over the girl's vulva above her was one of the most forbidden sights Hayley had ever seen. Aurora's tongue was all over her pussy, even going inside of it, her nose rubbing against her clit and her lips. Occasionally she would feel her fingers penetrate her, sometimes just one, sometimes a few at once. Hayley wanted to reciprocate and decided to start pumping her fingers in Aurora's wet hole.
"Oh yeah... yes... oh..." Hayley kept moaning.
"Yes, ugh... oh... Hayley... please... right there..." Aurora kept moaning.
Finally, Aurora pulled away from Hayley and climbed back on top of her, leaning down and planting her lips on hers. Hayley kissed her back, sloppily, wanting to massage her tongue and play with it inside her mouth. They kissed like lovers, the taste of Brian's sperm still on her tongue. When Hayley occasionally opened her eyes and looked up, thick strands of white cream connected her face to Aurora's. When she saw this, Aurora giggled. She slipped her hand between Hayley's legs, and started to pump in and out of her wetness while she looked up and saw Brian just watching in amazement.
"I want to take care of your lover, honey. I want to make her feel good."
Hayley had had enough and flipped her over, dragging her tongue all the way up the small of her back and then finally to the back of Aurora's neck. She grabbed her hair, brushed it away from her ear gently, and whispered to her.
"How did you like watching your boyfriend fuck me, Aurora?" she asked, slipping a finger into her pussy and gliding it up and back inside of her in a come hither motion.
"I... loved it..." she cooed.
"Does it bother you that I'm the only one he'll ever cum for this hard?" she asked.
Aurora turned and looked at Hayley's cum-streaked face and shook her head. She saw Aurora considering it, inspecting the actual amount of sperm her boyfriend had been able to deposit in one fell orgasm, seemingly shocked by it. Then she shook her head. "As long as he feels good, that's all I want," she said.
Brian finally pulled Hayley off of Aurora, her lips and chin now glistening in a mixture of his own cum, and Aurora's. She imagined they both looked like the biggest sluts he had ever seen.
"Spread your legs over there," he demanded to Aurora who did as she was told.
Aurora crawled over to the middle of the floor and spread her legs wide. Hayley, on cue, turned over and crawled over between Aurora's legs and continued to lap at her slit. Brian, taking advantage of the nubile rockstar on all fours, positioned himself behind her and placed the head of his penis at her forbidden entrance. Hayley felt the pressure and turned back over.
"No, I don't think that's gonna fit, sweetie..." she said, slightly worried that he was about to actually try and penetrate her anus.
"You're right. I should loosen you up a bit back there..."
Brian bent down and stared right into Hayley's tight sphincter and then planted a kiss right on it. Hayley cooed, never before having felt such pleasure as having a wet tongue dragged all along her backdoor. It was innocent at first, his tongue gliding up and down the back of her glistening slit also, but then he started to slowly finger her ass and shove his tongue inside of it. Hayley squealed a bit and then whimpered like a schoolgirl. Hayley then felt Brian use his finger, inside of her, to gently massage the inside of her back entrance. She wanted it deeper, to push in and out of her, but then she felt that wet tongue back there again and she was back in Heaven, wondering if she might enjoy having a guy spend an entire night simply massaging and kissing her butt and fingering and licking her anus.
"Your boyfriend is licking my ass, Aurora," Hayley whispered into her wet pussy.
Then Hayley heard Brian say, "I think you're ready..."
And then he pushed his engorged head inside of Hayley's sphincter causing her to cry out. Aurora pulled her hair and reminded her of her job. Brian then pushed himself deeper inside her. Hayley felt Brian's shaft enter her and then felt his head pushed deep inside her bowels to unknown and forbidden depths.
"Oh my God!" she cried out.
Brian then slowly, ever so slowly, started to fuck Hayley's ass.
"Is this how you... mpmh... imagine... imagined me?"
"Yes," was all Brian could manage as he continued to push deep in and out of Hayley's asshole. Then, with one deep thrust, he put all nine inches into her bowels.
Hayley had never had a cock in her ass, and was amazed at how aware she was of him inside her. She could literally feel the veins pulsating against her rectum as Brian continued to pump in and out of her. She could feel her ass stretching around the meaty thing too, loosening her back entrance in a way it had never been loosened before. Soon, she was bucking back on him, allowing him to go balls-deep inside her. Before she knew it, she was sloppily licking Aurora's pussy and getting called a slut for it. She was a slut, it was official, but she loved it! Hayley continued to eat Aurora as Brian continued to fuck her tight ass. Her own orgasm was building deep inside of her again, and Brian's cock inside of her ass only made it intensify in a way she had never felt before. She knew her next explosion would be powerful.
"God yes that feels amazing! Fuck my tight little virgin asshole!" Hayley began to beg.
"Oh God, you eat pussy better than Brian... God, right there! Oh yeah," Aurora kept moaning. "Right there..." she continued.
Auroura kept moaning and moaning and screaming Hayley's name, obviously on the brink of something amazing.
Hayley looked up just as Aurora exploded into orgasm all over her face.
Her juices sprayed out of her glistening vulva and flowed into Hayley's mouth, which she began to lap up. Brian couldn't seem to take it anymore and finally cried out. Hayley felt Brian's shaft pulsate just before shooting a hot load of sperm flying deep into her bowels. She felt the warm sensation of it coating the inside of her ass and the cool sensation of it settling inside her, and then another pulsation against her forbidden walls, which in turned caused her to finally explode out into another electrifying orgasm. The ecstasy rippled through her whole body and back again like a wave. Hayley's orgasm exploded from her g-spot and caused her whole body to go numb and for a second she was in Heaven all over again.
Brian felt Hayley's ass clamp down on his cock, which caused his orgasm to intensify. He began shooting more of his massive load deep inside of Hayley, but managed to pull himself out of her in just enough time to shoot a long, white rivulet of semen across her lower back. Hayley felt it splatter across the small of her back and cooed. Brian then shook the last remaining drops of cum all over her lower back and gaping asshole just before collapsing behind her.
Hayley collapsed into Aurora's crotch.
She laid there, face covered in Brian's and Aurora's cum mixed together, a fresh load of sperm settling deep inside her ass and starting to leak out of it and run down the outer walls of her swollen, freshly fucked pussy. Aurora's nectar was inside her stomach also. It was then that Hayley realized she had never and could never again be fucked like she just had been. She reached up and slid some more of Brian's sperm into her mouth and slowly slipped away.
Aurora too slipped away as she continued to suffer from aftershocks rippling against her clit.
When Hayley woke up, lying in Aurora's arms, her naked body pressed against hers, Brian sprawled out beside them, she realized immediately that she could not stay much longer. She slipped off of Aurora, slipped into her clothes, and took off for the tour bus. The missed calls on her phone indicated to her that the tour bus was waiting on her. Of course they would wait, but she shot off a text to Jeremy to let him know that she was all right at least and on her way. When she took off into the hallway, a young woman she crossed paths raised an eyebrow to her and smiled, averting her eyes when Hayley looked back at her confusedly. It was then that Hayley realized she had not had time to wash her face, it was still covered in dry cum and ruined makeup, her hair a dreadful mess of tangles. Hayley suddenly felt embarrassed but decided to hold her head high until she got into the car where she could use some wipes to clean herself up as best she could before heading back to the bus. She jumped into the shower, washed the sins of her debauchery away, and then slipped into the bunk fresh and clean as she had been before. As she snuggled up into the bunk, she pulled out her phone and saw that she had a text message from Brian.
BRIAN: Hayley, you weren't here. I hope you know Aurora and I had a lot of fun with you. Every guy who wants you dreams of getting to do to you what my girlfriend and I got to do tonight. Thanks for making me the luckiest guy in the world. We won't give anyone your number or leak your pictures, don't worry. Hope you sleep well, babe. Hit us up next time you're in our neck of the woods. For now, everytime I see that cute face of yours... I'll always think of it like this.
Beneath was an attached photo of Hayley, naked, her face frosted in Brian's cum.
Hayley smiled and sent her reply.
HAYLEY: Thanks for a good fuck. Gonna sleep it off now ;)
And then Hayley went to bed.
FIN