Chapter 2 - Intimate Introductions
Mark stood waiting at the Hedges front door, having sat in his car for 5 minutes not sure whether to go ahead or not but in the end he had opened the door and stepped out in the cooling Autumn air.
After a short interval he heard feet tapping on a wooden floor and the door was opened by an athletic middle aged man.
Hello Mark - I am Victor Hedges - please do come in.
Mark stepped over the threshold into a brightly lit monochrome modern hall and the door was closed behind him.
'I hear that we are all going to enjoy your company tonight and hope we will enjoy some of you too,' said Victor as he led the way into a large drawing room. A number of people stood up as they entered. He recognised Edith straight away and apologised for the absence of Margaret muttering that she had other people to be with tonight (a prior engagement).
Victor first introduced his wife, Stephanie, who looked a few years younger than her husband with a buxom figure and dressed in a colourful flowing dress in orange and lemon tones.
The other young black couple were Brent and Amelia, both smartly dressed as if they had expected the evening to be a more formal affair. They all returned to their seats and Victor pointed to a raised cushioned podium in the middle of the room.
Please take your clothes off now and kneel there on all fours so that we can all take a good look at all of you, #11. While you are here this evening we will not be using your own name and you are the 11th young gentleman who has been kind enough to share himself with us.
Mark was immediately conscious that within his linen trousers he had become immediately erect and by the expressions of some of the guests they were quite aware of this too.
He put his shoes by an empty chair and took off his jacket, trousers and shirt and folded them carefully. He had thought long and hard (literally) about what he should wear underneath and in the end he had decided to wear a pair of pink frilly knickers which were what he had on the last time he got tempted not to follow the instructions that he had given - as evidenced by the dried stain of his spunk on the front of the garment of his 'misdemeanour'. He started to remove them entirely when Brent asked him to just pull them down to his knees...
'It makes you look more vulnerable.'
Mark did as he was bid and knelt on the podium feeling the soft cloth of the knickers against his thighs. His cock twitched in anticipation of being on show.
'Lovely ', said Mrs H, as her eyes (and everyone else's) watched Mark willingness to present all of himself to their gaze.
'Tell us about the first time that you had an orgasm', asked his host.
Mark described a day when he was in bed one night and he could feel his cock expanding in a way that was entirely new to him. To increase this unexpected pleasure, he held both sides of the bed with his hands rubbing his entire body up and down beneath the bed sheets. The warmth grew in his young groin as the friction on his cock made him feels warmer and warmer until his seed shot out of his cock head cooling the spaces between himself and the linen above him.
Mark - or #11 as they continue to call him - told others stories about how his adolescence was affected by his awareness of his growing sexual needs. After describing how he used to lock the bathroom door and wank in front of the full length mirror wearing one of his mother's bras and her knickers and stockings from the laundry basket while the bath filled ever so slowly making enough noise to prevent any of the moans or climatic grunts that he made when he forced out his semen once from being heard from outside.
There was a brief appreciative round of applause when he finally paused. A fully grown man kneeling openly in front of his audience, his shaft stiff and proud and so rigid that his cock head almost rubbed against his stomach.
Amelia asked if he had licked a black pussy at exactly the same time as Victor asked if he had ever had his arsehole or mouth penetrated by a man and felt their cum inside him. When he said that he had not experienced either, no one said anything for several minutes and he felt that he had just passed an important test by sharing something that he yearned to happen.
In a minute, I suggest that we all move to the 'Queening room' but I understand that Edith gave you a record of recent events at her house. Did you feel that you could share them with us all too? Mark nodded and continued to kneel, highly aroused as Stephanie found the silvered disk.
'I think that we will be sharing this later.'
Mark felt that if the hosts and other guests had not been fully dressed then at least a couple of them would have already started playing with themselves at this judging by the frequent glances that everyone made at his swollen genitals.