"This is not what she planned," Thomas muttered to himself. He was sitting on a chaise on a patio, high on a hillside, on a Caribbean island, alone. The patio was beautiful, a huge tree draped in vines loomed over him washing every bit of the patio in deep shade. The hillside below was covered in trees and the tops of those trees combined with the underside of the shade tree above to frame a panoramic view of the bright blue ocean just a short distance away. The patio belonged to a cozy, romantic bungalow, one of just a few scattered along the hillside at the resort. They were well separated and, from the patio, Thomas could see only jungle and ocean and he could hear only birds, the breeze in the trees and distant waves on the beach. Everything about it was perfect - except for the fact that Thomas had it all to himself.
Lisa had planned this getaway and she should have been here when he arrived. When she initially sold him on this trip they were to travel together, but her employer had sent her on a last minute business trip and she'd been forced to change her plans and travel separately. She'd apologized profusely and promised to arrive before Thomas to 'have everything ready'. He couldn't imagine what she might need to get ready for a week of laying on the beach, eating, sleeping, and screwing and he had said as much - he was still a bit upset that he'd be traveling alone. "Let me demonstrate," she said and disappeared into the walk-in closet only to appear a minute later in a new, very sheer, exceptionally sexy nightie. His eyes scanned every inch of her lithe body as she sauntered up to him, quickly opened his pants, and dropped to her knees to deliver an absolutely brilliant blow job. She took her sweet time, used all of the tricks that she'd developed in eight years of marriage, finished him in her mouth, and stood up with a big smile. "I'm truly sorry we can't travel together, lover, but I promise, I'll be waiting for you when you arrive." He had to admit, it sounded like fair compensation.
But, she wasn't waiting for him when he arrived. As he was changing planes for the last leg of his trip, he received a text message, "flight delayed, I'll meet you at the resort in time for dinner. You might want to get some rest!"
The last bit was a cheeky reference to Lisa's big plans for the week. This vacation was all about sex -'baby making' - as Lisa had begun to call it. They had been married for eight years now and Lisa had gone off birth control nearly two years ago. They'd expected to be pregnant in no time but it hadn't happened so easy as they expected. It wasn't time for a full on panic, but they had talked to a doctor who had done some simple tests and told them that there was no reason they couldn't get pregnant, "sometimes it just takes time." Lisa had decided that a solid week of sex in a romantic setting might be just the thing and had carefully planned this trip to coincide with her most fertile time. Thomas wasn't sure it would have the desired result, but he was more than willing to spend a week in a secluded bungalow on a tropical island trying to get her pregnant - he was willing to try over and over if necessary.
Lisa had mentioned that there was a fertility clinic on the island and said she'd made an appointment to see if the doctors there could be more helpful. Thomas thought a fertility clinic on a tropical island sounded pretty odd and immediately began to tease Lisa about Voodoo dolls (sexy voodoo dolls) and witch doctors (also sexy), but she assured him that it was all very scientific and the place had a great track record. It didn't really matter to Thomas, he loved his wife and would happily take a little time out of their vacation to try and make her baby wishes come true.
So, here he sat, alone in a gorgeous setting, late afternoon heat slowly seeping into him - or maybe it was the drink. He was sipping some sort of exotic punch through a straw sticking out of a coconut complete with slices of fruit on little skewers and a little paper umbrella. It wasn't his style at all, but Maria had given it to him and he couldn't say no to those amazing brown eyes, that incredible voice, or that foxy smile. So he was drinking it and had to admit that it tasted pretty good.
Ah, Maria... damn! Thomas had taken a taxi from the island airport to the resort, slung his one bag over his shoulder and walked into the open air lobby to find an absolute beauty smiling at him from behind the front desk. "You must be Thomas," she said as he nearly melted at the melodious combination of her rich voice and her island accent. "I'm Maria, it's nice to meet you. Lisa called ahead and asked that we make you comfortable - I'm so sorry that her flight was delayed. She said you should get some rest." As she said the last bit, Thomas was sure he saw a twinkle in her eye and a little sly smile starting at the corners of her luscious lips.
'Girls," thought Thomas, "they haven't met yet and they're already sharing intimate secrets." Of course, he and Lisa might not be the first couple to come to this resort to screw their brains out. Maria had probably seen and heard a lot while working here. Hopefully, she'd had some fun of her own, it would be a shame to waste such a perfect beauty, deeply tanned, perfect skin, big brown eyes, pert nose, and thick shiny black hair halfway down her back. Not that any of that mattered to Thomas, Lisa was not only his soul mate, she was every bit as hot as Maria. Lisa was long and lean from hours of swimming and running and she had that cute southern girl look with long blonde hair and bright blue eyes. Beautiful, smart, sexy - Thomas wasn't about to screw up after eight years of that.
"Let me show you to your bungalow and you can relax while you wait for her to arrive," Maria offered, snapping Thomas' out of his reverie. "It's a bit of a walk, drop your bag there and I'll have it delivered later," she commanded, stepping from behind the desk and pointing to a cart by the wall. Thomas was momentarily struck dumb as he got to see the rest of the package - bare feet, long shapely legs and a very short skirt. 'Damn, Lisa needs to get here soon,' he thought, or did he say it out loud, he was starting to get little flustered.
"Follow me," Maria said as she headed out the side door and up a path into the jungle. Thomas tried to force himself to look at the beautiful surroundings and not just stare at Maria's little round ass, but he was losing the battle. He couldn't help but wonder if she was adding a little extra sway to her hips for his benefit. They soon came to a branch in the trail with small signs with numbers. Of course, Maria caught Thomas admiring her butt as she came to a stop and turned to explain, "you are in number four, the paths are pretty carefully laid out to guarantee absolute privacy at each of the bungalows, please don't take a wrong turn and wander into someone else's private vacation." He couldn't be sure if the knowing look and sly smile were because she caught him admiring her legs and ass or because she knew why he and Lisa were here. Either way, her flirty nature was a lot of fun and a bit of a turn on.
After a few more branches in the path, always following the signs for number four, they came to a small house in the jungle. It had a stone foundation and a rustic wooden exterior, there was no window glass, only screens, the door was half wood, half screen as well and the building was capped by a galvanized steel roof. From the outside, it looked a bit like a glorified shed.
Maria held the door for Thomas then followed him inside. In spite of its rustic exterior, the building was absolutely luxurious inside. It had a high open ceiling with a big skylight right over the huge four poster bed, a fan swirled slowly over the center of the room, there was art everywhere, there were chairs and a small table complete with a vase full of exotic flowers, there was an entire wall of shelves with knick-knacks and books, and one whole side of the room was open to the patio and the magnificent view of the ocean beyond. Maria led Thomas across the room to another door and showed him into a bathroom with all of the modern touches. There was a huge walk-in shower with thick glass all around and multiple fancy looking shower heads including a hand shower that Thomas was sure would please Lisa later in the week. As Thomas finished surveying the luxurious bath, he turned to find Maria in the doorway holding the coconut with the straw, fruit, and umbrella. "Come out onto the patio, sit in the big chair and relax. You can drink this while you wait for Lisa, I'm sure it will feel good after your long trip." How could he say no? He very briefly thought of suggesting that Maria take the chair next to his, but he knew better and so, now, here he was melting into the chair as he slowly sipped the sweet, very strong punch.
*******
When Thomas awoke he could tell that some time had passed, the sun was a bit lower in the sky, the warm breeze had died off a bit, and the birds and insects weren't quite as raucous as they had been. It was all very peaceful and pleasant Thomas thought, but either that punch was really strong or he really had been more tired than he thought. Realizing that he was thirsty, he decided to grab a glass of water but, as he tried to rise he discovered that he was unable to move his arms or his legs - he also realized that he was stark naked. Lifting his head as high as he could to check out the situation, he could see that four of the vines from the big tree had dropped down to the patio and then wrapped themselves around his ankles and wrists, effectively trapping him in the reclined chair. It seemed pretty odd, but he didn't feel alarmed. He figured Lisa would be there soon and free him from the vines. He laid his head back and began to wonder when he had taken his clothes off and how he would explain his predicament to Lisa.
Before long, he realized that he really was quite thirsty - that punch must have dried him out, he really needed a drink. It was then that he noticed another vine, with a long fat pod at the end of it, directly above his head and slowly lowering toward him. As he watched it approach, he saw a drop of water form on the tip of the pod and then drip off right onto his chin. It was cool and it smelled sweet and a bit musky. He wished he'd caught it to moisten his dry mouth. Soon another drop formed and Thomas opened wide, determined to catch this one. When it fell, it tasted wonderful, like nothing he had ever tasted before. The pod continued to slowly descend and it continued to drip the delicious liquid into Thomas' mouth. He felt a little light headed after ten or fifteen drops, but he felt comfortable and it didn't really occur to him to wonder if the pod's nectar might not be good for him.
When the pod got close enough, he rose up as high as he could and licked at the tip of it. It was smooth and hard and its nectar was cool and delicious. Most importantly, his mouth wasn't uncomfortably dry anymore. The pod gave up more liquid as he licked the tip of it and he could feel it's relaxing drug coursing through his body. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the feeling it was causing - only then realizing that he had become aroused. His cock was harder than it had ever been, it felt like it might burst from the pressure - and it felt damn good.
Thomas was still marveling at how good he felt and how delicious the nectar was when his tongue felt the pod changing. He opened his eyes to see that the side facing him had split open and was curling back. As it opened wider he leaned back as best he could to try to see better, Inside it looked exactly like a woman's vulva, pink and ruffled and very slick. There was an opening right where he would expect one and the amazing juices slowly flowed from it onto his face. At the top of the thick pink lips there was clearly a hood which must surely cover the swollen nub of a clitoris - a vine clitoris. This tree had girl parts and it seemed to want to be eaten! This should all have felt very weird, but Thomas was so turned on that it didn't bother him at all. Thomas glanced down to see that his cock was far larger than it had ever been before, the head was deep purple and it throbbed with each beat of his heart. There was nothing to do but lean back up and lap at the pod's shiny wet opening, drinking down the delicious liquid that was oozing out of it.
As Thomas continued to enjoy the pod's offering, he felt the vines that were holding his hands move. He stole a glance and saw that they had unwrapped from the chair arms and now were around just his wrists. They lifted his arms out and up above his head and he saw another vine descending toward his hands. The new vine had a pair of big round pods hanging from it and, as they reached his hands, he first held them and then began to run his hands over them, feeling their bulk and their round smoothness. They were much softer than the pod at his mouth, and, though his mind was swimming in the drug coming from the first pod, he understood that they were there to give him the feeling of a nice firm pair of tits to hold while he ate. As he continued to explore, he found that the tips of them had rubbery protrusions, wet with liquid. He wanted to taste the tree's milk but he was held firm, one pod on his mouth, two more in his hands. He had to settle for gently tweaking the nipples until he realized that when he played with them the pod at his mouth flowed a bit more freely. He gently pinched the nub on one and the pod at his mouth instantly opened wider and sank down onto his face, allowing him to rest his head back on the chair.
After a bit, yet another vine descended from the tree. It wrapped around behind his shoulders and then across his chest and around again behind his head. He felt the new vine retract a bit as did the vines holding his wrists and then he was suspended above the recliner. At some point the vines holding his ankles to the chair had switched to ankles only, just as the ones at his wrists had done earlier. He was completely suspended, no part of him in contact with the chair. It was very comfortable, almost like lying in a hammock and having a good stretch at the same time. Through his mental haze, Thomas wished only that he could free one hand to tend to his cock which was still rock hard and now ached to be touched.
Before long, he felt a few drops of liquid land on the tip of his cock and run down the side and, though he could not see, he knew that this tree had more than enough pods to take care of his every desire. Slowly, something slick and tight began to envelop his prick. He tried desperately to thrust up into it but, suspended as he was, it was not possible. He was completely focused on the feeling at his cock when the thing stopped descending, leaving him halfway in. The vine behind his head pressed up a bit harder and the pods in his hands hung a bit more heavily as those vines also pulled up on his wrists. He realized that he'd stopped tending to the pods at his mouth and hands and thought perhaps the tree was insisting that he resume. It wasn't too much to ask, his face and hands were completely covered in viscous goo that smelled and tasted wonderful, he loved to eat pussy and the pods at his hands felt as good as any breasts he'd ever caressed. Thomas was pretty sure that the drink Maria had given him had some special ingredient and this was all just a very weird dream. But it was a very pleasurable dream and he was determined to go with it.
Thomas returned to pleasuring the tree with his tongue, his lips and his fingers and it descended further onto his cock until he felt it press up against his pubis at the same time that he felt his incredibly swollen and sensitive cock head snug firmly into the end of the pod's passage. It began to slowly stroke up and down his shaft, nearly overwhelming him with sensation. He couldn't imagine why he didn't cum instantly from the intense stimulation, perhaps the pods secretions had some special properties that delayed his orgasm.
The pod at his mouth sunk down a little lower and the vine behind his head pulled up a bit until he took the hint and moved his mouth up the pod's opening. As he had come to suspect, there was a nub there that had been exposed as the pod's lips swelled and opened. He pursed his lips around the nub, sucked it gently into his mouth and felt the pod around his cock throb in response.
He briefly lost track of time as he flicked and sucked the pod's little hard nub with his tongue, rolled the round pods' slippery nipples between his fingers and felt the fourth pod firmly stroking up and down his shaft, sending shivers up his spine each time it bottomed out. Something tickled the insides of his thighs and he briefly wondered what might be next before he felt another vine wrap two or three times around the base of his cock and begin to gently constrict. He felt his cock grow even harder and, amazingly, longer as the vine squeezed him. He was now bottoming out quite solidly at the end of each stroke and he could feel the flesh at his mouth grow firmer and the vine behind his head press him up harder into it. It began to move up and down, dropping the wet, delicious opening onto his mouth and then sliding down until his tongue bumped across the hard button at the top.
The thing fucked both his face and his dick for a long time. Thomas was very comfortable hanging from the vines, the sensations at his hands, mouth and cock were delicious and yet he didn't feel that he was yet close to having an orgasm. He didn't really know how long it had been when he felt something nudge his asshole. He might have realized this would happen if he'd stopped to think, but there really hadn't been time, or reason, to try to predict what the vines would do next. The tip at his ass felt like it might be no bigger than a finger and, like everything else hanging from this tree, it was already very slippery. It eased into him slowly and he could feel that it got wider as it went. A bump slid past his tight but very slippery sphincter and then, as the thing began to stroke in and out, he could feel that bump rubbing against his prostate. This was a trick that Lisa sometimes did with her finger while sucking his cock and it always made him cum explosively.
The thing slowly increased the tempo, mashing itself against his mouth, stroking his cock full length, hitting just the right depth every time, and sliding in and out of his ass, stimulating both his prostate and his anus at the same time. It pressed itself harder against his mouth and he responded by sucking the nub between his lips and flicking his tongue as fast as he could. It didn't take long before the globes in his hands shook violently, the pod at his mouth gushed fluid over his face and down his chest while the one around his cock spasmed repeatedly.
'I made it cum' was all Thomas could think, surely now it would let him cum too. He was more than ready. But, the vines had other plans. The pod at his mouth disappeared up into its branches as did those wonderful 'tits'. As soon as this happened, he felt a blindfold slipped over his eyes from somewhere above and behind him. The pods on his cock and his ass settled into a slow rhythmic motion, one sliding down onto his cock as the other plunged into his ass. His hands were pulled directly above his face, his weight supported more by the vines around his torso and behind his head than by the ones holding his wrists, and his legs were pulled even farther apart as the thing continued to work his cock and butt. He felt something descend into his hands and he naturally closed them around it to see what it felt like. It was another pod, probably a couple of inches wide and tapered to a small rounded tip. Of course, it was already slick and it slipped through his hands and continued to descend. He knew what it wanted and he knew this would be a new experience but, again, he didn't mind. If it tasted anything like the previous pod, it would be his pleasure to lick and suck it.
It arrived at his mouth and he reflexively formed his lips into an O and allowed it inside. It tasted different, but very good and, after just one swallow, his entire body felt warm and tingly. He was still suspended by his hands, but he felt the vine running through his hands as it took short strokes in and out of his eager mouth. This wasn't a pod at all, but a thick vine all the way up. It would throb and pulse when he massaged it with his fingers and it was continuously dribbling sweet, numbing liquid into his mouth. It would slowly fill his mouth and he would swallow it down and keep sucking. With every swallow, he could feel the sensations in his cock get more intense. He had risen up to that plateau where he knew that he would come soon but he desperately wanted to drag it out just a bit longer. In and out of his mouth, in and out of his ass, up and down on his dick, the vines stimulated him and fed him as he felt his balls begin to tighten and the vine around the base of his cock relax. He would have roared in ecstasy when he finally came except that he was too busy swallowing jets of liquid from the vine in his mouth. He could feel the pod in his ass pulsing and squirting and he could feel himself shooting what felt like gallons of cum into the pod that was firmly milking his very satisfied cock.
**********
Thomas awoke in the big four poster bed, naked under the sheets. Lisa was there, fully clothed on top of the sheets and snuggled up next to him. Outside, the clouds were pink and red and orange.
"Oh, hey. You're here, we gotta get dinner," Thomas mumbled, still not quite completely conscious. He vividly remembered everything that happened with the tree and it's vines, but he was pretty sure it had all been a weird dream, he hoped he hadn't given it away by talking in his sleep.
"Easy big boy, don't try to get up." Lisa caressed his cheek and rubbed her forehead against the side of his head. "Dinner was hours ago, you were already full and Maria fixed me a nice light dinner, the light from outside is sunrise, not sunset. You've been asleep for hours. I'm pretty sure the last bits that thing pumped into you were to help you rest and recover."
"But... I..."
"It's OK honey, I was here, I got here hours before you did and I watched the whole thing, you'll be fine. The vines fucked you really well, you're going to want to lay there and rest a bit before breakfast."
"Wait,Ifuckedit!" Thomas said, not entirely sure how it had all gone but not ready to admit his submissive role in the whole thing. "What exactly happened? Why? How did I end up naked under that tree? How did I end up in bed and not completely covered in slime? Why?"
"Easy big boy, you're OK. You know I mentioned fertility when I told you about this island and you teased me mercilessly? Yesterday's little surprise was payback, I guess. That is a very special tree, it has been capturing and fucking the people of this island for hundreds of years, men and women alike. The women always end up pregnant, even those who have tried without success for many years. The babies are always healthy and always the gender that their mommies hope for. It seemed as though the babies were actually fathered by the men their mommies were having sex with. They tended to look like the men the mommies were having sex with and the tree seemed to always capture the man first. Of course, once it became clear that the tree could virtually guarantee both a pregnancy and a healthy baby the islanders had no need to get pregnant regular way, sex on the island now is purely recreational."
"Unfortunately, there was no way to prove that the tree really did pick the right sire for each and every baby and the islanders didn't want the outside world freaking out about their sexual practices so they kept it secret for a long time. When DNA testing came along they were able to prove that the tree knew which man was in a relationship with each woman and that it always gave the woman the right sperm - apparently after sorting them for gender and healthy tendencies. We're going to have a boy and he is going to be handsome and strong."
"You fucked it too?" Thomas asked incredulously.
"Not yet. It takes a day to process your semen and choose the right sperm. It fucked you so thoroughly because all those secretions and all that stimulation gave it a good big sample so it would have lots of healthy boy sperm for me. My turn comes this afternoon."
"IfuckeditThomas insisted. "What about my other questions."
"Well, Maria got you naked. She asked so nicely and I just couldn't say no and besides, I was afraid you'd wake up and I didn't want you to know I was here. You were so cute, you were seriously groggy from her special punch, but you sort of knew Maria was undressing you and, well, it was cute... and kinda hot, she's the one that got you hard before you laid back in the chair, not that the tree couldn't have accomplished that itself. I think I'm glad you can't remember it."
"The blindfold?"
"That was me. I've always wanted to see you suck cock, but I wasn't sure you wanted to see. It was really hot." Lisa smiled.
"How did you know it had a cock or that I would suck it?"
"Maria said that happens often and I think I know you pretty well by now, even down to knowing about new experiences you might be willing to try."
"and I'm clean and in bed?"
"Ah, both Maria and I washed you in that huge shower - you're heavy and that thing fucked you so thoroughly that you could barely walk. I couldn't have done it without her help. You are terribly handsy when you're groggy, it's a pity you can't remember groping us, I'm pretty sure Maria enjoys her job."
"Ifuckedit"
"If you say so honey. You fucked it while I watched; it was undeniably the hottest thing I've ever seen and this afternoonI'mgoing to fuck it whileyouwatch."
***************
There was plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables in the kitchen and eggs, OJ, even champagne in the fridge. Lisa whipped up a delicious omelet, bowls of cut fruit, and mimosas and she and Thomas had a long relaxing breakfast on the patio. The only sounds were the waves on the beach far below and the birds in the jungle all around them. There was no sign of the previous days adventure, there were a many vines all up in the branches of the huge tree but, at least to Thomas, the idea that they could drop down and ravage an unsuspecting visitor seemed quite unbelievable.
After breakfast, they hiked down to the beach and found a pair of lounge chairs where they could relax and get some sun. There were a few other couples scattered along the beach, but they kept to themselves. Thomas wondered if they were there for the same reason that he and Lisa were and if there we other magical trees in this jungle. But he wasn't about to ask and he certainly wasn't going to tell them about his first day on the island even if he suspected they had, or would soon have, similar experiences.
Around lunch time they walked the half mile or so into town and found a nice little restaurant with outdoor tables and umbrellas and a nice view of the ocean. Thomas was ravenous and ordered a huge lunch.
"You know how the vines filled you up with everything you needed to recover from your experience? Well, Maria told me to go lightly on lunch, apparently I'll get all the nutrition I need to get our baby off to a good start. I think I'll have the island salad and leave it at that," Lisa said.
"Oh my God, I get to watch it feed you and fuck you. How sexy is that?" Thomas whispered.
"Well, if it's half as hot as watching it feed and fuck you... I know, I know -youfuckedit!" Lisa's laugh was beautiful and infectious and Thomas couldn't help but join in.
They had a nice, long, slow lunch while making small talk and trying not to talk or think about the big afternoon to come. After lunch they strolled along main street looking in all of the touristy shops and watching all of the other visitors. Everyone was young and hot and Thomas couldn't help but speculate as to just how many of them were here for the same reason as he and Lisa.
In the swimsuit shop, Lisa tried on one skimpy suit after another traipsing out into the shop each time to tease Thomas and get his opinion. She couldn't help but notice that the other shoppers were looking too and it made her feel sexier than ever. She finally settled on a bright red thong bikini that left her firm little ass completely exposed along with the sides and bottoms of her perfect breasts.
"The competition is pretty stiff around here, gotta look my best," Lisa winked at Thomas, "and, besides, I might as well get all turned on before we start the afternoon's business, eh?"
"You know, I think the tree's going to show you a pretty good time no matter what you're wearing, but go ahead, I dare you to walk back to the resort in that."
"God, yes," Lisa sighed. It's almost time anyway, let's get going.
Thomas stuffed Lisa's other clothes into the daypack they had brought along. They paid for the suit, and headed back. Thomas trailed a several steps behind Lisa and divided his attention between admiring her beautiful butt and stealing glances to see the reactions of the other visitors in town. He was certain the one girl walking the other way actually winked at Lisa as they passed. And, he was amazed that none of the men tripped over a bench or walked into a pole. His own pole was hard as a rock inside his shorts and he was happy to have a loose fitting Hawaiian shirt to hide it.
Maria greeted them as they came back into the hotel lobby, "Well, you certainly look like you're ready for the afternoon." and this time Thomas was sure, she actually winked at Lisa. "Let's head up to your bungalow and set you up."
Once again, Thomas enjoyed the view as he followed the girls up the path. And, once again, as if by some secret girl communication, they turned in unison at just the right moment to catch Thomas looking. They both laughed merrily as they turned to continue up the path.
Maria led them out onto the patio. There was another coconut with fruit and umbrellas on a little table there and Maria picked it up and handed it to Lisa, "Drink up, girl!"
"Oh, I don't need to be drugged like Thomas - I know why I'm here," Lisa said with a wink in Thomas' direction.
"It's not drugs, it's an energy drink. Do you normally have multiple orgasms?," Maria asked.
"No, I'm usually a one and done kinda girl. Energy drink, eh?"
"Yes, well, the uterine contractions that accompany your orgasms help to pull the seed into the womb. The tree wants you to have many orgasms, so - yes, energy drink"
"Oh, what have I gotten myself into," Lisa cried in mock consternation. "What else does the tree have in store for me?"
"We will have to wait and see. The tree somehow senses your darkest desires. It knows what you want and it provides." Then, with look in Thomas' direction, "for example, it knows those who have bisexual fantasies. I'm sure you'll have a great time, Lisa, just like Thomas."
"OK, busted. Hey, I'm ready for the show, how does this work?" He waved his arms around the patio.
Maria dragged a chair a bit closer to the center of the patio - near where Thomas's chair had been just 24 hours ago. "Thomas, you sit right here, relax, enjoy the show and... keep your hands to yourself," she teased.
"Lisa, you won't need a chair, if you've finished your drink, put the coconut on the table and come stand right here under the tree. OK now, arms at your sides, relax and listen to the ocean." Maria stood directly in front of Lisa and held her by the shoulders for a few seconds, gazing into her eyes, waiting until Lisa visibly relaxed. "Close your eyes and hang your head back, turn your face up toward the tree," Maria instructed as she slipped her hands around Lisa's neck and untied the string of her top then slid her hands down to untie the back as well. She tossed the tiny top aside, ever so briefly caressed Lisa's smooth, beautiful breasts and then knelt down to untie the sides of the tiny bikini bottom and pull it away from Lisa's pussy. She lingered there for just a moment clutching the tiny red triangle of fabric and gazing at Lias's smooth shaven mound then stood, bowed briefly to Thomas and headed back through the bungalow, raising Lisa's pungent bikini bottom to her nose as she went.
It probably wasn't even a minute, but it felt like eons to both of them as they waited, listening to the waves, enjoying the tropical heat, and anticipating. Lisa looked absolutely radiant, standing tall with her shoulders back, chest out and face tilted to the tree above.
Lisa's eyes were closed, but Thomas's senses were on high alert. He noticed the moment that a pair of thin vines began to grow down from the tree. They grew down beside Lisa's arms to where her hands hung at her sides. Tendrils grew out of the vines and wrapped four or five times around each wrist and then the vines pulled her hands back and together. As soon as Lisa's wrists touched behind her back the vines grew a few loops around them, binding them together and then intricately weaving into and around each other as they wound around her forearms, gently pulling her elbows closer. The sensation of having her shoulders pulled back and down as her chest rose made Lisa sigh with pleasure.
Maria had placed Thomas' chair in exactly the right spot, he had as much of a front view as he had side view and he reached down and rubbed the front of his shorts as Lisa's back arched and her chest rose, seemingly offering her tits to the tree above her. He watched in wonder as another pair of vines grew down and snaked several times around Lisa's waist before encircling her chest several times just below her breasts, pushing them up further. The vines continued to grow, taking three or four wraps in an X between Lisa's breasts and over her shoulders before wrapping tightly across the top of her tits pressing them out, hard and firm before his eyes.
Thomas recognized this, it looked exactly like the many Japanese rope bondage pictures that Lisa had showed him. He'd been a little intimidated, unsure how to safely bind Lisa, so he had never fulfilled this particular interest of hers. He hadn't thought it important, but if the tree knew her desires as Maria had said, then he was pretty sure he was going to get to see his lovely wife bound and suspended like the girls in the pictures.
Now a vine just like the one that Thomas had sucked on at the end of his experience began to descend from the tree, dripping clear, shiny liquid onto Lisa's lips as it descended. She felt the first drops land, licked them off her lips and opened wide to catch the next few drops. She opened her eyes to watch it approach. When it finally arrived, she pursed her lips around it's head and swallowed the first of what would be copious amounts of it's delicious fluid. As soon as the nectar hit her stomach she could feel a warmth spreading throughout her body until her fingers and toes tingled with it. The cool juice soothed her throat and she was able to swallow the head and a few inches of vine with her next mouthful of sweet nectar.
The vines attached to her torso rose ever so slightly, raising her to tip-toes and then higher until her toes just grazed the patio. Another vine descended slowly from the tree, it grazed gently along Lisa's cheek as it descended, brushed lightly over her collar bone, paused to touch each of the vines encasing her torso, and seemingly caressed the top of her breast before sliding past her engorged and very sensitive nipple. Lisa moaned around the vine in her mouth as the descent continued, the side of the vine continuing to stimulate her nipple as the tip teased its way across her stomach, along her inner thigh, down the back of her calf and wrapped several times around her ankle.
When the vine had several wraps around her ankle, it began to pull back and up, bending her knee and pulling her foot ever upward until her heel tucked under the gentle curve of her butt cheek.Tendrils grew along the vine and wrapped around her thigh, trapping her leg in this position. The vine wrapped it's way back to her folded knee and then retracted a bit raising her leg as the vines around her torso slowly reclined her. She was left suspended, nearly horizontal and neither on her back or her side, but tilted a bit toward Thomas. The vine continued to pull her folded leg up and out and, as the vines lifted her body higher, her other leg naturally fell open toward the patio, leaving her spread wide, as if making room for Thomas to stand in the vee and fuck her. Her outer lips were stuck together, no doubt as a result of her secretions during her sexy bikini clad walk through town. As the vines lifted her higher and her legs spread wider, Thomas saw those lips finally part to reveal Lisa's already very wet, pink inner lips.
Thomas watched as a pair of pods descended from the tree. They appeared to have small openings on the bottom and were clearly headed for Lisa's nipples which were already rock hard from the pressure of the vines encircling her chest and breasts. He had to reach into his shorts to rearrange his swollen cock as the pods reached Lisa's breasts and her nipples disappeared into them. She moaned again around the vine still rhythmically fucking her throat as Thomas watched the pods begin to pulse in unison. After a while of this, the vines holding the pods retracted just a bit, while the pods held Lisa's nipples tightly and her breasts stretched up beneath them. The vines would gently pull and then relax, over and over and, after a bit, Thomas's gaze drifted to Lisa's wet, open pussy and he saw that it had become more swollen and was visibly tensing and then relaxing in time with the tugging of the pods on her nipples.
The vine that had been fucking Lisa's throat slipped out of her mouth and retracted so that it hung just inches above her face. The entire thing was slick with it's own juices and Lisa's saliva and it dripped slowly onto her lips, cheek and chin as she took in a few deep breaths and relaxed into the grip of the vines cradling her upper body.
Another vine slowly lowered from somewhere deep inside the tree's branches, this one's purpose was obvious; it had a branch near it's end and each of the two branches had a bulbous tip, one about the size of Thomas's own cock, the other somewhat larger. Thomas checked to see if Lisa saw what was coming, but her eyes were closed, at some point she had stopped trying to see and had surrendered to the vines' touch. As the vine reached a point close to Lisa's open pussy, tendrils grew from the sides of it. The tendrils wove into the intricate lacing of vines that held her one leg folded and they wrapped around the opposite thigh giving the main vine something to hold onto as the smaller appendage turned and aimed toward its target. Thomas checked again and now Lisa's eyes were open. She was looking not between her own legs, instead she looked directly into his eyes. He glanced down to watch the head of the vine slowly part Lisa's lips, but then looked back into her eyes as she was slowly filled for the first time by a cock that wasn't his. She smiled back at him, and he wondered if her smile was meant to convey reassurance or joy that she would soon be pregnant with his child or perhaps it was simply sexual ecstasy.
Lisa squirmed against her restraints as the vine slowly pulled almost all the way out and then plunged back into her repeatedly. Thomas watched the juices now running out of her, down between her legs and then dripping off her butt cheek to form a puddle on the patio. He couldn't decide if the vine that was fucking her was already filling her with sperm or perhaps Lisa was making all that fluid herself. He recalled that Maria had mentioned multiple, strong orgasms and decided that the thing was just lubricating Lisa for what was to come. It continued to thrust in and out of her steadily, relentlessly as she writhed in her vine harness and began to moan softly.
Thomas rearranged himself in his shorts once again and took the liberty of a few quick strokes along his shaft. He thought he should be all fucked out from his own tree experience the day before, but watching Lisa be ravaged was the hottest thing he had ever seen.
Lisa's body rose toward her first orgasm, the muscles in her stomach rippled with the tension and the tendons that joined her legs to her groin stood out as they pulled against the vines holding her legs apart. She was ever so close when the vine pulled all the way out of her. Thomas could see her hole gaping open, her lips more swollen than ever and her clit standing clear of the hood. He was ready to dive between her legs and taste her sweet nectar when the larger vine rose up and smoothly slid all the way in to full depth in a single stroke. Lisa cried out as her entire body shook in orgasm.
It was then that Thomas noticed that the vines had been gradually moving the entire time, Lisa's head and one shoulder were now hanging just inches above the patio, her hips were much higher and still tilted toward Thomas so that he could see her lips gripping the fat vine buried in her vagina. It remained deep in her, nestled in beside her cervix, and pushed against the end of her canal over and over, stimulating her insides and pulling her lips in and her clit down against the top of the vine. Lisa came again, this time loud enough that Thomas was sure people must have heard her all the way down at the beach. He wondered again if all the other guests were also here for the fertility clinic and just how many of them could guess what was happening up at the hillside bungalow.
The smaller vine, still slick with Lisa's juices began to gently rub up and down on her butt hole which was also thoroughly soaked with her juices. Finally, it pressed gently right at the center and slipped past the little resistance that remained. It slid into her deeper and deeper, filling her completely. Once it reached bottom, both it and the vine in her pussy began to slowly withdraw. They fucked her together, both in then both out - slowly at first but gradually picking up speed. Juices were once again leaking from her cunt. She was hanging nearly upside down now and her juices flowed across her hip to her side and then down along her side to her shoulder where they dripped off and added to the growing pool on the patio. The vine that had been down her throat was still dripping and had left its marks on her nose, chin, cheek, shoulder and was now dripping on her upper chest.
The vine in Lisa's pussy stopped it's assault on her depths and began to take slow, long strokes. It would come all the way out, hover at her entrance for a second and then slide in deep. Lisa's pussy was fully engorged, her now fat inner lips gripping the vine on the way out and her clitoris standing high and hard outside it's hood. As the vine continued to fuck her, Thomas noticed that a small knot was forming a few inches back from the tip. As it grew larger, her lips would cling a little longer on each out stroke and then be pulled along as the knot pushed back in. Another protrusion was growing from the top of the vine, arcing up toward Lisa's clit. It grew longer with each stroke and came closer to it's apparent target with each stroke as well.
The vine was increasing the speed of its strokes while both the knot and the small appendage continued to grow. The knot grew large enough that it wouldn't pull out, instead lewdly distending Lisa's lips with each attempted out stroke. The vine was now taking much quicker, shorter strokes with the knot caught inside Lisa and the little finger on top rubbing over her clit with every stroke. Lisa was writhing in the vines that held her, her stomach muscles rippled as the pleasure built tension throughout her body. The vine suddenly stopped stroking and began to pulse inside of Lisa. The first pulse set off a massive orgasm in her; she cried out as her entire body shuddered while the vine pulsed four... five... six more times.
And then it was done, Lisa hung limply in the cradle of vines with vines still buried deep in her pussy and ass. The vines at her nipples had stopped their rhythmic motion, in fact all of the vines hung as limply from the tree as Lisa hung in their embrace. Thomas was unsure what should come next - should he go to her? Comfort her? Take her down?
As he considered his options he felt a hand gently rest on his shoulder. Maria now stood at his side stark naked with her one hand gently telling him to stay in his chair, "wait" she said just loud enough for him to hear.
So they waited for what seemed like a half hour or more, Thomas sitting in his chair, gazing lovingly at his spent wife wondering if she was actually, finally pregnant with his baby. Maria standing quietly at his side, still resting a hand on his shoulder, still inexplicably naked. Thomas realized that his cock was still rock hard straining against his shorts. He also noticed that while the movement was imperceptible, Lisa was more horizontal now and much closer to the patio. The vines must have been very slowly lowering her the entire time. He watched intently until he could discern her slow movement. Her shoulder and hip now grazed the pool of fluid on the patio and, as her weight slowly transferred to the patio, the vines holding her unwound and eased away from her. The vine in her ass had shrunk and slipped out, she now lay flat on her back in front of him with only the one fat vine still knotted in her pussy. Finally, even that one slipped free, white fluid ran out of Lisa's hole, oozed between her legs and pooled on the patio as the vine quickly retracted back into the tree.
Maria stepped in front of Thomas and began to tug at his shirt, "Let's get her in the shower, we can leave your clothes here so they don't get wet." She pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it aside then gently took his head in her hands and lifted, indicating that he should stand. She unsnapped and unzipped his shorts and pulled them and his underwear down together. Feeling just a bit dazed, Thomas stepped out of them and watched as Maria dropped them on his chair.
"Lift her gently and bring her inside," Maria told him, "I'll run in and get the shower going."
Thomas knelt down and lifted Lisa's head so that he could get one arm under her shoulders, then slid his other arm under her knees, carefully stood up and turned toward the cabin. Lisa stirred and tried to talk but Thomas shushed her as he carried her to the bathroom. Maria was already in the shower waiting for them, "set her feet down, but don't let go of her or she'll fall. Thomas stood Lisa under the warm stream from the shower and held her back to his chest, his still hard cock pressing into the crack of her ass. Maria gently washed her starting with all of the juice on her face and chest then working down across her taut stomach, carefully washing all around her pussy and then down her legs. Thomas carefully turned Lisa, resting her head on his shoulder, her soft breasts pressing into his chest. He held her there while Maria repeated the washing process on Lisa's neck, back, ass, and legs.
"OK, lets get her into bed, she's going to sleep until morning, just like you did." Maria told him.
He scooped her up again and carried her to the bed which Maria had thoughtfully turned down earlier. As he finished arranging her comfortably resting on her side with her head on a pillow, Maria pushed him down beside Lisa, onto his back, sat down beside him and bent toward his aching cock.
"Oh, hey, I'm not sure Lisa would approve." Thomas quickly objected.
Maria hesitated, her mouth inches from his cock head, and turned her warm eyes to look into his. "Lisa and I already talked about this, she knew you'd be seriously in need of relief after watching the tree impregnate her. Besides, who do you think took care of her after she watched you yesterday?" she said with a wink. "Now lie your head back on the pillow and relax, this isn't going to take long."
Maria was certainly right about that. She took him very gently, first just licking his shaft and planting tiny kisses on the tip of it. She looked him right in the eyes the whole time and, after just a minute or two, popped his head into her mouth sealing her lips tightly around it and running her tongue around a couple of times until he exploded, releasing an afternoon's worth of pent up spunk. Maria held tight and swallowed several times quickly, keeping her lips around him long after he stopped spurting. When he began to deflate, she pulled him slowly out of her mouth, sucking the last drops out and off of him.
"Sleep now," she told him, "I'll bring breakfast in the morning." She stood up, pulled the sheet over Thomas and Lisa and glided out the door, leaving Thomas to cuddle up to Lisa and drift off to sleep.
*********
Thomas woke to the sound of Maria setting up their breakfast on the small table on the patio. She was topless and wearing only a nearly transparent sarong tied around her waist. He could see that she was nude underneath it. She smiled warmly when she saw him watching her from the bed. She'd brought bowls of fresh fruit and yogurt, some muffins with butter, a carafe of orange juice, and a big pot of coffee. She finished arranging it all on the little table and then cruised through the bungalow and out, blowing Thomas a kiss as she passed the bed.
Thomas got up carefully so as not to wake Lisa and wandered naked out onto the patio, visions of the previous two days wild sex went through his mind as he walked under the tree and stopped to pour himself a cup of coffee.
He took his coffee inside and sat on the edge of the bed beside Lisa. As she stirred, he gently brushed aside a wisp of her hair and caressed her cheek. She opened her eyes and smiled up at him. 'Good morning, love," he said, "how do you feel?"
"Pregnant," she replied.
"Really?!"
"Nah, I feel very thoroughly fucked but I wouldn't know what pregnant feels like. Still, Maria claims the tree has a perfect record, so I'm pretty sure I'm carrying your son now."
"Speaking of Maria," he said, "she just set up a nice breakfast on the patio. Do you want to get up and eat? It's quite private, there's no need to bother with clothes. In fact, Maria delivered it topless and nearly naked below."
Lisa sat up in the bed, "She did, eh? That girl fancies you, I hope she took good care of you yesterday."
"Ah, so she was telling the truth, you did tell her to suck me off. But I think you failed to mention that she apparently helped you out while I slept the day before."
"I didn't actually tell her to suck you off. She told me you'd be in need after watching me and asked if she could help you with that. For all I knew she wanted to fuck you. I guess I'm glad she didn't, I'd hate to sleep through such a thing." Lisa grinned at him, knowing full well that her words were making him crazy. "Let's eat," she said as she headed out to the patio.
They took a minute to get settled, pour Lisa a coffee and get started on the fresh fruit. Thomas thought carefully for a minute before asking, "so, she asked your permission, does that mean she doesn't suck off all the guys after they watch the tree ravage their wives?"
"That's what it means. I'm telling you, she was hooked the minute you arrived here - probably loves your boyish good looks and your shameless ogling."
"Well, now I feel special!" Thomas laughed, "but, apparently she has a thing for you too. Tell me about that."
"Well, you know I actually got here a day before you did and she and I had time to talk. It's different here on the island, once people don't have to have sex with each other to get pregnant, they discover all the ways that they can have sex for the pure enjoyment of it. And of course, monogamy was invented ages ago to guarantee that a man knew that his heirs were actually his. With that out of the way, the islanders feel free to take pleasure where they find it, they form committed families for raising children and all, but, to them, having children and having sex are two different things."
"So, she had been flirting with me pretty hard already and then watching you got me all worked up. By the time we got you into the shower, you weren't the only one with wandering hands. Thank God, we didn't have to hold you up. Everybody got washed in that shower and then, after we got you in bed and back asleep she just pushed me back, kissed her way down my body and licked my pussy to an earth shattering orgasm. Believe me, it only took a couple of minutes." Lisa explained.
"Hah, I could tell you pretty much the same exact story," Thomas laughed, "I only lasted a minute or two myself. It's kind of a pity, I would've liked to have spent more time with her."
"Oh, I bet you'll get your chance," Lisa told him, "we're going out for dinner and dancing with her tonight."
"Really?" Thomas raised an eyebrow.
"Really," Lisa replied, "her and her boyfriend. She tells me he is quite eager to meet us."