People will know from my stories that I am not only an exhibitionist but also a voyeur and enjoy watching my male 'friends' masturbate over me as much as I enjoy performing for them. I have never been one for spying, but an incident on holiday led to an unusual and exciting adventure.
I enjoyed woodland and had booked a short break in a cabin as a relaxer before starting my first job. On my way back from a run, I passed one of the cabins a short distance from my own. All the cabins are set back, private and surrounded by woodland and bushes. However, the yellowish light shining out in the early evening dusk caught my eye.
Through the trees, I saw a man standing naked, side on, framed in the large patio window. If I hadn't cut across the front of the cabin, taking a shortcut to mine, I wouldn't have seen him. My breath caught as I saw he wasn't just naked but that his fingers were tightly wrapped around an impressive erection, slowly moving up and down. Creeping up to the window, I could see the shaft was glistening with a sheen of precum spread from the leaking tip as he worked his hand methodically, sliding to the base and back.
Suddenly I felt damp and hot and not from my jog. I moved closer without thinking and was caught in the little pool of light coming through the window. The man saw me and stopped, frozen like a rabbit caught in headlights. I hadn't intended to interrupt him and didn't want him to stop, so I quickly removed my sports bra and shorts. I never wear panties when running, so before he could put the light out or hide, I stood outside his window starkly naked. He was still touching himself, mouth opening and closing as I slid my hand down over my breasts, over my stomach, and slowly ran a finger across my slit, parting my legs as I played with the folds of my pussy, my other hand playing with my hard nipple. He just stared at my nakedness for a brief moment, and I hoped he wasn't too shy to continue pleasuring himself in front of me.
Suddenly he started to stroke his cock, and turned towards me, watching me through the window, his other hand cupping his balls, manipulating them as I put on a show, slipping my finger between my lips at my entrance and pushing it in easily as I was so turned on. As I moved it in and out, he pounded away with his fist, his strokes becoming quicker, more desperate with every second.
It was so erotic, standing naked against the trees, framed in a little pool of light, performing for his pleasure and mine, and I was soon so close that I slipped a second finger between my sopping lips, fucking my pussy to the rhythm of his masturbation, imagining his cock was pounding me while closing my eyes, letting go of the moan I had held back as my legs began shaking, my excitement growing.
Gasping, I looked back to see the stranger had now picked up the pace, his hand a blur on his shaft, so. Holding my fingers inside myself, I rubbed my clit with my other hand, my legs spread far apart, displaying myself to him, attempting to cum simultaneously.
Suddenly he stiffened, gripping his cock hard just behind the head and through the glass. I heard him let out a loud cry as streams of cum hit the window, dribbling down the pane as I moved my fingers fast and hard on my clit, joining him in a sweet release as the juices from my pussy soaked my fingers and inner thighs. I kept my orgasm going for a long time as I rubbed my fingers between my folds and over my clit, until it was too sensitive to touch, and I was a trembling, panting mess.
Finally, as my breath returned to normal and I opened my eyes, I saw him with a camera held up, eyes glued to my pussy, his mouth still opening and closing as if he was trying to say something to me while his cock softened in his other hand.
Without any kind of acknowledgement towards what just happened or the camera, I simply pick up my clothes and walk the rest of the way back to my cabin naked, reliving the moment as I touched myself in the shower, wondering what other adventures my holiday weekend would bring, and about the pictures he had taken of my masturbation.