And so, on Tuesday night, we were back at The Oak. Even though it was a work night, there was nothing else on her mind. Babs had gone straight to the bathroom as soon as she got home, and spent at least an hour getting ready, followed by another half hour getting in and out of a few different outfits.
She settled on a tight black skirt, knee length, with a white blouse, under which she wore a black, lacy bra, clearly visible through the thin white fabric. She unbuttoned one more than could be considered decent. She clearly meant to give Darren something to think about, and she certainly had that effect on me. She'd worn this exact same outfit the other week, and I'd loved the resulting set as she'd removed it for my camera.
Despite her virginal past, Barbara always dressed to be seen. Perhaps that might have given me a clue about this hitherto hidden side of her personality. Even before we met, she would always be looking phenomenal and sexy, despite her job. There was, she reasoned, no law against looking good. Whenever we bumped into a parent of a student, past or present, she'd always be dressed in something eye catching. I could guarantee that she'd be a hot topic of conversation when the dads got together.
Babs kept her coat on when we got to the pub, waiting to unveil her outfit at the appropriate time. She couldn't wait, so we were there half an hour early, but Darren was also already there, finishing a lasagne.
He stood as we approached and shook my hand before kissing Babs on the cheek. Darren went to the bar to fetch us all a drink.
We sat and made polite conversation for a few minutes, but this wasn't why Barbara was here. As soon as the opportunity arose, she took the bull by the horns.
"So, Darren." She paused for effect, twirling the little cocktail umbrella which had come with her drink in between her fingers, scarlet nail varnish matching the colour of her full lips. "Dan told me what he did."
Darren looked blankly at her. He seemed to be expecting some news about work, or something else equally mundane. Babs elaborated. I knew she'd have been rehearsing what she would say since Monday when she found out we'd be here tonight.
"Last time we met up here. I know he accidentally showed you some pictures on his phone."
Her tone was calm and friendly. Darren flashed me a glance and saw I was relaxed and smiling. He looked confused, and simply shrugged. Looking back, it must have been difficult for him; whilst not directly in charge of him, I was senior at work, and he might have worried about his career prospects should he make a wrong move.
"Oh, I see. Right." He was clearly unsure what to say or do. I'm certain he would have denied everything given the opportunity, but Barbara wasn't giving him the option.
"Needless to say," she continued, "those pictures were only ever intended for Dan's eyes only."
"Oh, of course," Darren said immediately. "I wouldn't dream of saying anything."
"Good. Then I guess there's no harm done."
After that bombshell, it was difficult to know where to take the conversation next. It was early and we were only just finishing our first drinks (Barbara had hardly touched hers), so we couldn't rely on alcohol to make it feel less tense. I went to the bar and fetched another pint for Darren and me. As I returned, Babs was talking.
"...at work. So of course, I need to be really, really careful about things like that. I'm sure you understand."
Darren nodded earnestly.
"Nevertheless," she took a sip from her G&T, catching both mine and then Darren's eyes. "I can't deny that I enjoy it. Those pictures, the ones Dan's got on his phone, they were my idea. He's got loads of them. I love knowing that he can look at me whenever he feels the need."
At that, the atmosphere changed completely. Darren went a little red, before visibly making the effort to gather himself.
"Yeah, I bet," he replied. He kept looking at me, as if for explanation, but none was forthcoming. I just shrugged and smiled, letting Babs do her thing. The truth was, I was enjoying the show, and wondering where she was going to take it next.
"So, Darren." She glanced at me, but then fixed her gaze on his, taking another deep draught from her drink and holding his gaze over the top of the glass. "What did you think?"
Darren glanced at me, as if looking for guidance on what to do or say. I was impressed with Barbara's approach. She was going straight to the point.
"Come on," Babs encouraged him, as his brow furrowed. "It's done now. I was embarrassed at first, but, hey, it's not every day a woman can get a critique on her body from a man other than her partner. What did you think?"
He turned questioningly to me. I just raised my eyebrows. This was Barbara's time. She sat, a slight grin threatening to break out on her face, still twirling the little umbrella and watching Darren intently. The silence became too much for Darren to bear.
"Sure. I mean, yes. I didn't get much of a look, but what I did see. Wow, you are a beautiful woman, Barbara."
"Thanks," she smiled. "But - and be honest - what about my boobs?" As she said the word, she looked down at herself quizzically, arching her back slightly and sticking her chest out. "I've always been a bit self-conscious about them. What do you think?" She again pushed them forwards, pulling her hands behind her back to accentuate them further.
"You are the only man, other than Dan, who has seen them. I'd love to hear your opinion."
Darren was chugging hard on his beer, and at last the alcohol started to loosen his tongue.
"Nice. I mean, honestly, they looked fucking lovely from memory." Her turned to me, needing clarification before going any further. "Dan, mate. This seems a bit... I mean, I'm not sure I should be talking like this."
"It's like she says." I assured him. "We can't take back what happened, so it puts you in a pretty unique position. If I was you," my tone changed to a mock conspiratorial one, "I'd go with it."
Suitably reassured, he returned to the subject at hand -- my girlfriend's breasts.
"Ok then. Yes, they looked amazing, from memory. But it was quite a while ago now."
"Of course, it was. Here, let's refresh your memory."
I found out later that Babs had already prepared a folder with a whole range of 'suitable' snaps from our growing collection. I was sitting on Darren's right, and she moved around the table and slid down beside him, unlocking her phone as she settled herself.
"I'm going to be honest with you, Darren. That night, when you got an eyeful of me. Well, I thought about it. A lot. And I realised that I found it exciting, to be honest. So, the main reason I'm here tonight is to do it again. But properly this time."
As she spoke, she handed Darren the phone, upon which was a photo of her dressed identically to how she was tonight. She'd planned this moment. The pose was relatively innocent, but she had one more button undone than she did today, and the pose, with one hand on her hip and the other resting at the front of her thigh, showed off her legs and shiny patent leather boots beautifully.
Darren was speechless, which was fine as far as Babs was concerned. His eyes were the only things required at the moment. Leaving the phone in his hand, she leaned over him. I knew he'd be inhaling the smell of her perfume, and I wondered whether Babs was allowing him to see down her top. I was hard, so I guessed Darren couldn't fail to be.
She swiped to the next photo, where she was leaning forward slightly more. In the next, she'd pulled up the skirt on one side to reveal a stocking top. Next, both stocking tops were revealed, along with a strip of bare flesh atop both of her legs.
The skirt came back down as attention moved to her top half. The blouse was loosened and then unbuttoned completely. Each picture was accompanied by a comment.
"I really like this one. It's pretty sexy, right? But leaves a little to the imagination? How is your imagination, Darren?"
With each swipe, Babs revealed more of herself. Soon, her bra was discarded, and only her arm concealed her modesty. The next snap was even more blatant, two fingers from each hand all that concealed her nipples.
"Here we go," she said, matter of fact, as she swiped to the next where one breast was revealed in full. Next both were free, and she adopted various poses to allow the camera to examine her naked top half from every angle.
"Now then, you've had a good look. What do you think?" Again, she pushed out her chest and looked down. "Dad says they are perfect, but I I'd prefer them a bit bigger?"
"I'm with Dan," Darren said, entranced at the topless image of the girl sitting opposite him.
"Oh thanks, you are sweet. I'm going to show you a few more then, as a little reward."
She took the phone back and opened another folder. This one started almost where the other left off.
"These ones do get a bit racy; I must warn you Darren. Do you mind?" Of course, he didn't.
The very first picture featured my girlfriend, hands on hips, in a tight, black open cup corset. Her breasts were pushed up and together, forming an incredible cleavage and pushing her small, hard nipples out and up. The black panties she sported were completely sheer, and her trimmed triangle of pubic hair was visible through them.
"I love this outfit. The corset really flatters my boobs, don't you think? The next few pictures proved the point, focussing on Barbara's top half from every angle as she proudly showed off her tits.
As Babs continued swiping through, the pictures got more explicit. Although her panties stayed on, the bright light in our kitchen (the shot was taken not long after midday, and the sun had again lit things up beautifully), and the camera being much closer to her, left very little to the imagination. Babs was now sitting up on the worktop in the corner, with her legs spread apart.
"This one's pretty naughty, right?" she asked Darren, who couldn't tear his eyes away. My girlfriend's shaven pussy lips were only very slightly concealed by the thin material of her sheer panties.
"Now this probably is going a bit too far," she announced, immediately going there. The next picture was a full-frontal nude, Babs was standing and smiling into the camera, panties discarded, corset still showing off her breasts so beautifully. She continued to flick through, her vagina now on display as well as her perky, proud tits.
"OK. I'm going to leave you with a little teaser," she whispered gently. "This," she tapped to open the first picture in another folder, "is the first picture in this set, and it's definitely the tamest. You can use your imagination and think about what comes next."
The first picture in this set was Babs completely naked, standing in the stark sunlight on our kitchen floor, hands on hips, unashamed and on utterly on display.
"I love this one," she smiled. "There's something just so raw about it. No props, no costumes, just me. Next time you are up, maybe I'll show you the rest, would you like that?"
"Definitely!"
Barbara had had her fun, and it was time to go. We bade a hurried farewell, leaving Darren completely shellshocked and undoubtedly erect.
As soon as we got home, we were fucking. As we fucked, face to face with her sat on the dining room table, me with both feet on the floor, her legs wrapped around my waist, we relived what she'd just done.
"So, I think you just sat for two hours and talked Darren through hundreds of your dirty pictures," I started."
"Oh, I did, didn't I?" she agreed happily. "Do you think it got him hard? You were hard, right?"
She was becoming more confident. It was very obvious just from her interaction with Darren this evening just how much. Hearing her just come out and say it, wondering out loud if her little show had got my colleague's cock hard gave me an incredible rush.
"Oh yes. There's not a hope in hell that he's not back in his room now, wanking himself off furiously."
"Oh, do you really think so?"
"Guaranteed." I stopped talking for a few minutes as I concentrated on fucking her hard, harvesting the intense feelings which were flowing through my whole body at the situation we'd manufactured. Barbara was feeling something at least as exciting; it was written on her face. I slowed down and resumed conversation.
"He's remembering that close up of your legs spread apart. He'll be shooting cum all over the place right now."
"Oh, fuck. I love it." Her eyes closed for a few seconds, I guessed she was picturing Darren wanking over the memory of what she'd done tonight. When they opened again, she was wide-eyed, marvelling at what was happening to us.
"I'll never get bored of this, Dan. I love it so much. All the build-up, all the preparation, doing all that naughty stuff. But those eyes on my body. All the parts that nobody except you is supposed to see, showing them off, it's so, so hot."
"It is, I'm a lucky man, having such a slut for a girlfriend. I love seeing how much it turns you on, showing yourself off like that."
"God, I am a slut aren't?" It was said with pride. "What type of girl sits with strangers and goes through her portfolio of dirty photos with them?"
All the while I'd been continuing to slam into her, and the dirty talk was again pushing her to the edge. I knew how to finish the job.
"I'm going to tell you what to do next. We have twelve consultants at work. It's rare that one or other isn't up in our office for a meeting from one week to the next. I think you need to be introduced to all of them."
"Oh Jesus. You think?" Fuck!"
"Oh yes, I think it's what you need. You can show all of them your dirty pictures, brighten up their week. Soon they'll all be wanking over you."
"Oh my god! I fucking love it! All of your fucking office will be getting hard for me. Fuck me!"
"And, if you want... You know every one of them is going back to an empty room. If you fancied it, there's no reason why you couldn't join them."
Barbara's eyes widened further and she stopped still, causing me to do the same.
"Jesus Christ Dan! You want me to fuck them?"
For a moment I was unsure if this was too much. To be honest, if Babs had suggested going back to Darren's room that very night, I wouldn't have had a problem with it. But I wondered if I'd gone too far. I needn't have worried. Babs clasped her hands around the back of her neck, supporting her full weight, and began bouncing herself urgently, legs clasped around my lower back.
"What kind of slut do you think I am? You want me to spend the night turning on your colleagues, then let them take me back to their rooms? What do you think will happen next?"
"They will be rock hard, after what you've been doing to them all night. And you will be soaking wet, like you are right now. There won't be any foreplay, that would have been taken care of by your little slideshow. As soon as the door closes, you'll be stripping off. There will be a cock inside you immediately. It won't last long, they'll give you a huge load of cum, you'll say goodbye, then we'll head home, and I'll fuck you just like this, and talk about what a whore you are!"
"Oh my fucking... Christ! I really could do that, couldn't I? Ohhh. FUCK!"
She was doing all the work. I was simply standing and allowing her to slam herself up and down on my cock. Her orgasm began.
"You could have done it tonight. What do you think Darren would have said? He wouldn't have said no. You could have just leaned over and whispered to him 'Want to fuck me?'
"Ohhh God. That's so... FUCK!"
The conversation we had that night was not forgotten, but we didn't act on it. I guessed we both thought it was probably an amazing fantasy, but teasing Darren was one thing, and fucking half my office was another. I used it when we fucked, and I also told Babs how much better her parent's evenings would be if she presented herself on her desk and opened her legs for each of the dads to give her what she really needed from them.
She loved that, in fact any thoughts or fantasies where she was put on display, offered up to one or preferably more men became my tools for pushing her towards an orgasm. I recalled only a few months back, where I'd gently stroke her hair whilst sliding into her lovingly and silently, looking into her eyes and whispering how much I loved her.
We didn't do that now. We never made love any more. We fucked like bunnies, whilst indulging our fantasies to each other and pushing us over the edge. And we both loved it.
The day after we met him in The Oak, I pulled Darren to one side at the office. We maybe could have ignored the accidental flash he'd received last time, but Babs spending the night talking him through her whole repertoire of sexy snaps wasn't something that we could write off as an accident.
Darren was completely obliging -- he understood that what he saw was for him and him alone. He was the only one who knew, so if anything came out, there would be no doubt as to the source. And I made it clear that Babs was totally serious about next time, and that she'd no doubt have a whole new batch of material for him when he was next in town. That wasn't something he wanted to miss.
Our new life was amazing. Babs was still sometimes hard to distract from her work when she got home, but weekend formula sex was now nightly frenzied fucking. Barbara usually orgasmed now. We were working out what did it for her, both physically and mentally.
Physically, she loved being slammed into, hard. I grew to learn that throwing her into one position after another and pounding into her grateful little hole, so well lubricated, was usually going to push her towards the edge. But what tipped her over was always the mental side: the thought of strange eyes, or hands - or cocks -- on and in her body.
The more I painted a picture of her being the centre of attention for her colleagues, my work mates, or anyone else, her being available for them to view and enjoy as they saw fit, the quicker she descended into an ecstatic, convulsing mess.
I occasionally bought a new magazine home. It was purely for her by this point. I loved watching her sitting in front of the TV on an evening, turning the pages slowly and examining each scene thoroughly. And I loved that she was becoming so open about what she liked.
I deliberately increased the strength of the content, and I was delighted to find her happily absorbing much more graphic content, featuring full, penetrative sex, threesomes featuring two girls and a guy, or two guys and a girl, and sometimes one girl with three, four or even five guys. She loved it, and I never heard her speak negatively about anything she saw on those pages.
Most likely inspired by her reading material, I found her becoming extremely focused on my orgasm during sex. As I approached the point of no return, she began adopting the classic pornstar pose, on her knees, mouth open, inviting me to fire at will. I couldn't get enough of this and told her so loudly each time she did it. The sight of my pretty girlfriend, beneath me and willing me to cum all over her stunning face, fast became just about my favourite thing in the world.
And she was really getting the taste for cum. Having tentatively swallowed on a couple of occasions, I found her becoming at ease with dealing with a full mouthful, and she'd clean up with care, gathering up any that had missed its target and licking her fingers thoroughly.
As we were still not using any contraception, her mouth became the safe haven for my semen, and she smiled appreciatively that she no longer had to go in the shower immediately after sex to clean up. Now, she swallowed it all up each time. I doubted it was possible that she was as pleased as me with this arrangement, but the fact that she loved eating up my cum was an enormous turn on.
Each time we had sex, I continued egged her on, telling her how much every man would like to watch her, how they'd be rock hard if they knew what she liked, what she loved to do, how much of a dirty little slut she was turning into. And, more and more, I watched her completely lose it as I told her how she could fuck guys if she wanted, I was fine with other men pushing their cocks up inside that perfect body.
I still considered this to be no more than a tool to arouse us both. Yes, we both loved fantasising out loud, graphically putting Barbara in situations where she'd open her legs and enjoy strange cocks to her heart's desire. But it wasn't something we'd ever discussed, seriously, outside of 'the moment'. I loved that my girlfriend got so hot imagining being a whore, but it was a fantasy, that was all.
Even outside of the sex, I'd completely fallen for her now, realising that we were completely compatible. She felt the same. Sex was a huge focus for both of us, but it wasn't solely physical. It was absolutely the biggest focus for both of us, though.
After a couple of weeks, Barbara began wondering out loud when Darren's next visit might be. Unfortunately for her, it was still months away. Around the same time, we went for a meal at a similar pub to the Oak, a mile or so further out of town. It was on an estate with a few shops, fast food restaurants and with a budget hotel attached to the pub -- 'The Kings Arms'.
We'd got a voucher through the door, advertising two for one on burgers on a Wednesday, so thought we may as well give it a go. It was about half full when we arrived, mostly couples like us, and families. By the time our order arrived, the room had thinned out, and there were only a few tables left.
As I looked around a wicked thought appeared.
"Hey, Babs. Have you had a look around here?"
She was only really focused on her cheese and bacon burger but raised her head and glanced around the room. It took her a few seconds to register, but when she did, she raised her eyebrows and let the most horny, arousing grin spread across her face.
"Hey, Dan." She smiled back, chewing deliberately on the big bite she'd taken. After swallowing, she came out with it. I knew she'd have had the same thought as me:
"The only people left in here seem to be guys on their own."
She was thinking what I was thinking. My girlfriend had been noticeably subdued after the realisation that there wouldn't be a repeat meeting with Darren in the foreseeable future. All of a sudden there was a chance of that incredible experience happening again with a new 'victim', and I could almost feel her warming up at the thought.
For my part, I'd loved watching her with Darren, especially the last time, as she'd confidently talked him through all the many poses she had on her phone, in various states of undress.
"Yeah. In this sort of place, they'll be up for the night, a meeting or appointment tomorrow, then moving on," I said, slowly and pointedly, watching it sink in with a smile.
"A bit like Darren," Babs said. I nodded. We both knew what was coming next.
Babs was suddenly planning in childish excitement. That wide-eyed, nervously excited look was back. She was going to find another target, and she was going to let him see her naked pictures. And she couldn't wait.