One day when camping, we took a walk through the woods nude, as we usually did. The area was fairly wooded with trails snaking through the trees. There wasn't much in the way of vegetation on the ground, mostly sandstone. Plant life was pretty sparse.
It wasn't long before we ran across a hiker who was also nude. He was male, I would say in his forties. He looked like he was a little rugged, a manly kinda guy with lots of body hair. He was probably in his mid forties. We were really impressed with the size of his rather large cock swinging back and forth as he approached us. His cock was flaccid, very thick, uncut with a large set of balls hanging from it. His stature and features were very impressive. He appeared to be carrying a day pack on his back.
As he approached, he struck up a conversation. We introduced ourselves and he seemed completely at ease, talking about the weather, the area we where in and so forth. Because of the size of his cock, we had hard time looking at his face while taking to him. He noticed but it didn't seem to bother him. We wanted to take a picture of him but he declined.
He cautioned there were a lot of males and not many females on the trails and hoped that didn't bother us. We told him we were completely comfortable with that. He seemed surprised at our comment, we couldn't help but notice that his cock began grow in size as we talked. Within a minute or so the large head began to peek out from under its hood until he was semi-erect. He didn't seem to be the slightest bit embarrassed.
He asked why we felt so comfortable with nude males in the area, why we weren't concerned, particularly being such an attractive woman. I thanked him for the compliment and without giving too much away about our lifestyle, explained we feel comfortable even if were standing in the midst of a group of males with full on erections.
A surprised look and smile appeared on his rugged face. Before we knew his cock grew to its full length. He had one of the nicest cocks we both had ever seen. It had to be eight and a half inches long and three to three and a half inches across. We couldn't help staring at it. We both commented on how impressive it was. To our amazement, he asked us if we wanted to hold it and of course we didn't decline. We both grabbed hold of it and neither one of us could get a hand around the entire shaft. As we held it, we could feel it stiffen even more.
I was getting so wet by now that my creamy juices started running down the insides of my thighs. I sometimes get so wet, I'm embarrassed by the amount that leaks from my vagina. My husband on the other hand thinks it's very hot, I believe most guys do.
As I held his cock, he raised his hips a little, so I squat lower parting my legs as I did. I wanted to get a closer look at that beautiful cock. I believe he thought that was his invitation to move closer to my mouth. His cock was so perfect, so beautiful so inviting, I just had to have a taste. Have you ever been around a beautiful cock you just couldn't resist?
My husband couldn't believe what happened next. I moved my mouth to within inches of his now fully engorged cock. As I did, my husband moved behind me. As my mouth reached the large glistening head, I opened my mouth and took in as much of the shaft as I could. I could hear the nude hiker command "thats it, take it and suck my big cock" as he pushed deeper into my mouth almost causing me to choke. My husband loves it when guys are forceful with me. It turns me on as well.
When my husband heard what he said, he became hard himself, standing behind me with his cock level with the back of my head, I thought he was going to cum in my hair. He probably didn't even need to stroke it to do it, I'm sure he was that close.
While I was squatting, he reached down to feel my pussy only find that his fingers slid easily between the folds right up to my clit which was now totally engorged and protruding out from its hood totally exposed. He used his forefinger to circle around it and as he did I spread my legs further apart and raised my butt so he had better access. As he manipulated my clit, he took his other hand and slid two fingers back and forth between the folds of my now extremely wet pussy while I sucked on the hikers big cock. I began to moan with pleasure. He could tell I was getting close to orgasm so he slipped two and then three fingers into my hole while still using his index finger on his other hand to run circles around my swollen clit. As he did I pushed my butt back against his fingers wanting them to go deeper.
I was ready to cum and he knew it so he withdrew his hands from aching pussy. He knew I was ready for the hikers big cock. I can only imagine the look on his face as he told the hiker I was ready to be used. Putting his hands on my head he withdrew his cock, which looked like it was ready to explode and walked behind me where my husband stood.
As I remained bent over, ass in the air, my husband held the hiker's cock and guided it into my hot wet pussy. As he slid his cock deeper into me, I let out a moan of ecstasy. My husband let go of the hiker's cock as it slid in about half way. The hiker grabbed my hips and pushed the rest of the way in. He began sliding his cock in and out of me slowly so I could get used to its size, particularly the thickness. With each movement he went deeper until finally I could feel his big balls resting against my pussy. I let out what sounded like a moan mixed with a groan. Thats when he began thrusting harder and harder, gripping my hips with more force.
As my husband watched me being taken by this hiker in the woods and me acting like such a slut, he jerked off until he came on my butt cheeks. Meanwhile the hiker was feverishly taking advantage of my pussy. I guess that was too much for him because with one last push, he went all the way in and held that position while he filled me full of his hot, thick seed. He could easily tell that I too had reached an intense orgasm as my legs quivered and became weak, almost losing my balance.
The hiker let go of my hips as he withdrew his still large cock as it started returning to a flaccid state. While I was still bent over, amazed at the amount of cum oozing out of my pussy. He stuck two fingers in my now gaping honey hole to scoop some out. I pushed and even more came out.
After we all regained our composure, we sat down on some flat sandstone rock and rehydrated with some bottled water. We exchanged information and vowed to stay in touch. Packing up our things, we went on our way. The nude hiker back along the trial and us back to our camper to rest and reflect.
He always enjoys watching and helping out guys when they let him, but this was the first time with a stranger. He later told me it was an amazing sight to see me completely filled by such a big cock. Perhaps the size of his cock and balls were the catalyst to this new adventure, I have always been drawn to big cocks. He enjoys seeing me pleasured in ways that makes me happy. After all, happy wife happy life!