Part 09 - I was a public disgrace.
Just as the Saturday night party at the end of November was starting, Matt asked me if I was still interested in being abused somewhere very public. I hadn't thought much about it since that Truth or Dare night and I'd confessed to one of my fantasies, but it soon all came back to me and I replied that I was.
"Right, everyone up to their apartments and get dressed as we discussed. Georgia, I'm coming with you and sorting out what you are going to wear and put a few of your toys into a bag. Back in the entrance area in 10 folks."
As Matt and I walked to my apartment I tried to ask him what was going on but he wouldn't tell me. Instead he went through my wardrobe and got out a see-through blouse, a way too short skirt and a pair if 4 inch heels.
"Put those on." He ordered.
As I was doing that he went to my toy drawer and put a few, a lot actually, things in a bag. When I walked over to him he pulled my arms behind my back and cuffed them together. Then he put my collar and leash on me, and my ball-gag on me.
Carrying the bag, he led me to his apartment where he quickly got dressed and put another few things in the bag then led me down to the apartments entrance where the rest of us, and Charles were waiting. Charles smiled as he watched us all go out and get into a couple of taxis that were waiting.
"Where are we going?" I tried to say but no one could understand my mumbling. After about 5 minutes the taxis stopped and we got out and pulled my skirt up a bit so that my slit and half my butt were exposed.
"Right," Matt said, "you all know what you have to do, let's make this an evening that Georgia will remember for the rest of her life, but before we go any further, we've chosen a 'safe' word for you Georgia, if you say the word 'Eros', the Greek god of love, everything will stop and we'll get you out of there. Do you understand?"
I nodded my head, and by then I had realised what was going to happen and my pussy was oozing, but the Greek god of love was too close to the Greek god of fertility. I guessed that Riley was involved in that choice.
Matt led me by the leash, with the others close by, down the street and to a pub near 2 students halls of residence. It wasn't the nicest of pubs on the outside and I guessed that the place would be nearly dead when the students went home for the holidays.
As we walked Matt explained that Roxy would be running the show, Riley would be in charge of my clothes and toys, Daniella has responsible for handing out the condoms, and the 4 guys would be my bodyguards, making sure that no one did anything to me that Roxy hadn't told them to do and generally making sure that I was safe.
Matt saying that made me feel safe but still horny as hell.
As we got close to the pub I saw a poster advertising a '50 shades night' with that days date and I remembered watching one of those movies with daddy quite a while back. The poster also said that the landlord was charging a 20 pounds entrance fee.
"I guess that I'd better put on a good show then." I thought, although I reckoned that everything that was about to happen would be out of my control.
There was a bouncer on the door and he held it open for us. Matt pushed me in first and as he did so he gave the leash to Roxy who I now understood why she was wearing nearly as little as I was.
As Roxy took the leash she reached to the top of my skirt and pulled it up so that all of my slit was on display.
I just stood there not knowing what to do other than look around. News of our arrival spread round the pub in seconds and I was stood there in the deadly quiet pub with about 40 or 50 pairs of eyes staring at me. My pussy had been very wet from back when I first found out what was going to happen but all of a sudden it was gushing, I could feel my juices creeping down my inner thighs.
I saw Matt nod to a man behind the bar then Roxy led me to the middle of the room.
"Ladies and gentlemen," Roxy loudly said, "I give you Lolita, please use and abuse her, she will love every second of it."
Roxy ran her fingers along my slit, eliciting a moan from me, then held her wet fingers up.
"Look, she's already dripping and that's before you get your hands on her. There are just 2 conditions to you using her tonight and they are, firstly, if any of you penetrate her pussy or ass with your penis then we insist that you wear a condom. Don't worry if you haven't got one, we have plenty.
The second condition is that you must not inflict and injury on her that will not heal within a couple of days. Apart from that, enjoy her folks. Now Lolita, go to each table and show them what you've got.
Before Roxy led me to the first table she literally ripped my skirt and top off of me leaving me naked apart from my heals. By the way she made it happen so easily I knew that one of them had done something to the stitching on both garments.
I heard a guy say,
"How old is she, she looks young. I don't want to get done for child abuse."
"Don't worry, Lolita is 19, she's a university student. One of my friends here has her passport if you really want to check it."
"I heard another say,
"I've seen her around the uni, she wears skirts so short that you can see her pussy and ass all the time."
The thing was, that voice sounded a bit familiar but I couldn't place it.
At the first table Roxy put the naked me right in front of the 3 young men. After a couple of seconds Roxy told me to turn around and show them my butt. I did, then she slapped my butt and told me to show them properly. I guessed that she meant by bending over, so I did, spreading my feet as I did so.
"That's it, good girl slut. Now ask them to spank you."
I mumbled the words because the ball gag was still in place.
"Oh I forgot, you can't talk. Never mind, I'm sure that they can guess what you're trying to say.
The 3 obviously students stood up, reached over and took it in turns to spank me. After they'd each landed 2 swats Roxy pulled on the leash and led me to the next table where the same things happened. By the time I'd got to the last table my butt was getting a bit warm.
The thing was, as we went round I saw 2 guys that I knew, they are in my class. I tried to think of what I was going to say to them on the Monday.
Also, as we went round, I saw a few girls there, mostly there with 1 or more guys, but 2 of them sat together at a table.
I didn't get time to dwell on it as Roxy pulled me to the next table and finally to the centre of the room where she left me left me and went over to Riley and got my biggest dildo and a coil of rope out of the bag. She squat down in front of me to tie one end of the rope to one ankle and as she was squat down I heard 1 young man say,
"Fucking hell, that one isn't wearing knickers, I wonder if she'll get naked as well? Her tits are bigger."
Roxy stood up then pulled the rope up. I had no choice other than lift my tied leg up.
"You 2," Roxy to 2 guys sat on their own, "come here."
Like obedient little puppies they did so and when they got to us she continued,
"One of you round behind her and hold her by her tits, the other one hold this rope and pull her leg up as high as you can."
They did and I felt 2 hands come round me and cover my tits. As my left leg was getting raised up my pussy was opening and the 2 hands started massaging my tits.
I moaned then screamed, not that much of it got passed the ball gag, as Roxy literally rammed the big dildo up my vagina, held it in then asked,
"Who wants to fuck her with this?"
Hands went up and Roxy chose a middle-aged man who came over, got hid cock out, slid a condom over it and started doing the deed. By then my pussy had got used to the size of the dildo and the fucking was quite nice and muffled moans of pleasure escaped from my mouth.
"Oh. I think that she's liking this." Roxy loudly said, "Who would like to hear her moaning?"
Of course quite a few people said that they did so Roxy reached around my head and removed the ball gag, and yes, I was still moaning as the dildo got rammed in and out off me.
After a couple of minutes Roxy asked for 2 more volunteers and they replaced the original 2. The ramming got harder and my moaning got louder.
Another couple of minutes and it was 2 more volunteers, a girl ramming the dildo in and out of me, then 2 more volunteers and so on until most of the people in the pub had ether groped my tits or rammed the dildo in and out of me.
I actually orgasmed when 1 guy was ramming the dildo in and out of me but my orgasm got hidden by the shaking of my body as the dildo went in and out and moans and yelps as the dildo hit my cervix.
Finally that type of abuse of my body stopped and Roxy asked for volunteers to spank my pussy.
"NO, please don't." I shouted, but Roxy ignored me and led me to a table that had appeared in the middle of the pub.
She told me to lay on my back on the table and lift my legs up. My head was hanging over the side of the table but I could do nothing about it as she gave a length of rope to each of the 2 volunteers.
"Tie her ankles to her wrists." Roxy demanded.
Then she gave the volunteers another length of rope each and told them to tie 1 end to the knots that they had just made. At first I didn't realise why she was doing that last bit but when she gave the loose ends to people sat table either side of me and told them to pull, I soon realised as my legs to stretched a lot further apart leaving my pussy as spread open as much as it possibly could be.
Roxy went to the bag that Riley was guarding and pulled out a leather strap.
"Oh fuck." I thought, knowing that I was about to experience some serious pain.
Roxy called for 2 of the girls to volunteer and got them to stand at either side of me. She gave the strap to 1 of them and told them to take it in turns to whip my pussy.
I let out a blood curdling scream as that strap landed along my pussy.
"Maybe that was a little hard, let your friend try."
I let out another blood curdling scream as the strap landed along my pussy.
"Okay, maybe the strap is a little too much for Lolita, let's change to hands and if you like you can dip your fingers whilst you're there. Anyone else want to spank Lolita's pussy?"
Half a dozen guys got up and formed 2 queues, 1 on either side of me.
The pain wasn't as bad, in fact it soon got quite nice and I orgasmed just before the queues ran out.
As I lay there listening to Roxy offering my mouth as a fuck hole I realised that the 2 ropes that had been holding my legs apart had gone slack but my legs were still wide apart. I didn't make any attempt to close them, possibly worrying about pain from my tender labia.
The next thing that I knew was a cock pushing its way into my mouth and then throat. Because my head was hanging backwards over the table my throat was at the right angle for cocks to easily slide right on in, and that first cock took advantage of it.
Thankfully, when I started shaking my head from side to side the man got the message and withdrew his cock so that I could breathe. The cock then fucked my
mouth and throat until its load shot down my throat.
Then the cock was replaced with another, then another. Some shot their load down my throat, others withdrawing and shooting it all over my face and chest.
Roxy later told me that nearly half the pub had fucked my mouth.
Whilst that was going on, I felt hands finger fucking my pussy. I couldn't see who the hands belonged to but judging by the way the method and roughness changed there was a lot more than one person's hand doing it.
I orgasmed twice more whilst that was going one, and believe me, it's weird, but sort of nice experience cumming with a cock in your throat and you need some air.
As 1 cock was fucking my throat I heard the owner say,
"Hi Georgia, I've been wanting to do this since I first saw you in class."
My brain wasn't exactly in voice recognition mode and I couldn't see up to the face of the cock's owner, but it must have been 1 of the guys that were in my class. I wondered if the other 1 in my class had fucked my mouth.
Another couple of times that I saw some legs approaching my face I was expecting another cock to invade my mouth but instead a pussy was pushed against my mouth and I did what was expected of me. After a minute or so I felt both girl's bodies shudder and I assumed that they had cum.
Finally the mouth fucking was over and Roxy got 2 guys to untie me. When my legs and arms were free they just flopped down to the table. I was happy, but knackered.
"Time for a break folks, our little slut needs a drink and I'm sure that the landlord would like to sell you some more beer."
Then I saw Matt looking down on me.
"Are you okay Georgia?"
"Yes."
"Here, drink this. Have you had enough yet? Do you want it to stop?"
"Thank you," I said as I lifted my body up. "I'm fine, and no, I don't want it to stop, I'm hoping that more of those condoms will be needed soon."
"Okay, if you're sure?"
"I'm sure, and thank you for organising this Matt, it's been a fantasy of mine ever since I found out about fucking. Do you have any sex fantasies Matt?"
"Yes, but this isn't the time or place."
Riley came over and she too asked me if I was okay and if I wanted any help getting cleaned up. Just as I was assuring her that I was okay and that I liked having dried cum on my face, Roxy came over and asked me the same question, but adding,
"I haven't got them to be too much for you have I?"
"Is what you've got them to do to Georgia what you'd like them to do to you Roxy?" Matt asked.
"Maybe."
"You could always reverse the roles for the next part?"
"And spoil Georgia's fun, I don't think so, this is Georgia's night."
"It could be all of our nights." I added, "you've got enough condoms haven't you Matt?"
"A box of 100."
The talk went on for a few more minutes until the last person was getting served at the bar, then Roxy told me to get off the table. She went into the bag of toys and came out with a couple of lipsticks.
Then she told me to take the lipsticks to each table in turn and ask the nice people to write something on me. Well you can imagine what they wrote and drew. The only none-sexual thing that was written on me was 'Thanks G' by 1 of the guys in my class. I just smiled at him before moving on to the next table.
Then Roxy announced that it was the highlight of the night. She invited anyone who wanted to, to come to the middle of the room and fuck me any way that they wanted, but she reminded them that they had to wear a condom.
Daniella came to the centre of the room and held up the open box of condoms.
"Can we take photographs?" One guy asked.
"It's a bit late to ask that," Roxy replied, "I saw a few of you taking them earlier but yes, it's okay, I don't think many people will recognise her with all that cum on her face. Right, who wants to be first to fuck Lolita's pussy?"
It was one of the older men there that got up first and bent me over 1 of the tables before fucking me whilst holding my little tits. After that, Daniella was handing out quite a lot of condoms and they were being filled whilst inside me.
I learned a couple of new positions and I was happy that I am so small, flexible and light as my body was lifted and put in all sorts of positions and angles before the cocks were put inside me and thrust in and out until I felt the condoms fill.
I didn't lose out either as I orgasmed 3 more times before the last guy who wanted to fuck me had done so.
I did notice that none of the guys from the apartments took their turn, but I immediately thought why would they? I must look an awful mess and they can fuck me anytime that they want, and without a condom.
Roxy let everyone know that it was all over by announcing,
"Well goodnight everyone, I'm sure that Lolita would like to thank you all herself, but you appear to have worn her out. Maybe the next time this pub has a 50 Shades night."
Finally it was all over for me. My little body was exhausted and for a few minutes I was glad that Matt came over to me and held me up with an arm around my waist.
Someone got me a stiff drink and I downed it in one before going to the bar and thanking the landlord for his help in making my fantasy come true.
Unsurprisingly he was quite happy, his taking would have been up and there was the entrance fee that he was charging. He offered his pub for a repeat performance anytime that I wanted.
Our conversation ended with him asking me if I was really over 18. I couldn't be bothered to reply but Riley did, she got my passport out and held it open for him to look at.
"Sorry." I heard him say as Matt clipped the leash onto my collar and led me out of the pub, Riley rushing after me and wrapping one of my jackets around me.
The 2 taxis that Matt had called for were waiting and I was soon walking into my apartment with Matt. He took what little clothing that I had on, off and led me to the shower where he turned it on and put me in before stripping himself and joining me. Not to fuck me, but to soap and shampoo me before drying me and putting me to bed.
At the next Saturday night's party I again thanked everyone for making my fantasy a reality. Daniella asked me if my next fantasy that I wanted help with was a gang-bang.
I responded to that by telling her that I'd already been there and done that.
Then Matt asked if any of the other girls wanted him to organise the same for them. Daniella immediately said not but Roxy and Riley didn't say anything. My guess was that they secretly did.
******