The following story is a work of fiction and does not depict any actual persons or events. Any likeness to individuals or events is purely coincidental. All parties engaging in sexual activity are of legal age of 18 and consenting adults. This is for entertainment purposes and is not an avocation for the actions contained herein. Thanks to Master Jim for suggestions and help with the first of many edits.
My first flash story............hope you enjoy.
Christmas Shopping in Fredericksburg
© Freewheel 2016
My name is Susan Wilson and the story I am going to share what happened the week before Christmas last year. I don't know how or why I was so weak to allow for my total loss of control, but what's done is done, and I can't go back and change things although I continue to be deeply ashamed and plagued by guilt.
In a nutshell, my husband Tom and I have been happily married for 23 years and have two beautiful children, both in college, which leaves us, empty nesters. Both of us have degrees, are in professional jobs, live and work in Plano, Texas and I think have an excellent life and standard of living.
Not that it matters but, before I share what happened that week, I want to talk about my marriage. Tom and I do everything together and aren't just married but best friends. Our sex life isn't the same as it was 23 years ago, because we have lost some of the passion, but whose is after that long? We still make love two to four times a week depending on how we feel after work, but we always make time for sex on the weekend.
Neither of us have ever strayed or even considered betraying our wedding vows, however, we both have fantasized about what it would be like to be with someone. With that being said, we both agree that fantasies are best kept as a fantasy in the bedroom and not experienced. That doesn't stop us from pillow talk about how it would be for me to experience another man, or for Tom to be with another woman, however, Tom's biggest fantasy is for me, instead of him, to be with another woman. This is just pillow talk and often leads to great sex. However, neither of us wish, need, desire, or plan to act on our fantasies.
The best way to describe Tom and I would be to say we are just average but in good shape and health for our age. Tom is 45 and stands 5'10" and weighs about 160. I'm 43, and stand 5'6" and weigh about 130 with long brunette hair. Maybe the only thing not average about me are my breasts. I don't have bullet nipples as they are inverted, but huge areolae which covers the front of my D- cup breasts. My areolae are at least the diameter of a baseball and are puffy extending out on their own. They are extremely sensitive and I can almost orgasm from Tom sucking on them, and he always said that anyone getting their hands on my breasts would not just reach second base but would hit an inside the park home run because I would totally submit myself. I have always doubted that - well, at least until the event I am going to share.
Every December, Tom and I visit the old German community of Fredericksburg, Texas to Christmas shop and browse all the antique and gift shops. The entire town is decorated and festive, in keeping with the Christmas spirit. It is a typical Texas main street town with old renovated buildings on either side of Main Street occupied with either antique stores, gift shops, upmarket clothing and furniture stores, or wine bars. Tom loves to sample the local wines from grapes grown in the area, and the town is full of wine bars featuring these wines. People can often be seen shopping and drinking at the same time, and yes, it is legal to carry their drinks from one shop to the next or even drink on the sidewalk.
Tom and I arrived late on Friday night after work and the long drive from Plano. We were exhausted, so we just grabbed fast food and ate in our hotel room and then crashed. We always stay at the Hampton Inn because it is only two blocks from the central part of town where we like to patronize, and also because we can drink and not have to worry about driving.
I woke up first the next morning and moved in close to Tom, so I could spoon him until he woke up. However, he was sporting a massive erection, and wanting to take advantage of that, I took his cock in my mouth and proceeded to tease him with my tongue. Tom woke up immediately and quickly came up to speed using his hand on the back of my head to encourage me to take him deep into my throat. I tried to tease him, but this morning he couldn't tolerate the teasing and kept encouraging me to go faster and faster. As his cock went deep into my throat I used my hand to jack his cock as I sucked. I could sense the tension building and his balls contracting and knew that soon I would taste his hot cum. Recognizing his release was imminent I increased my pace, not once taking him out of my mouth and I was rewarded with rope after rope of his hot cum filling my mouth which I happily swallowed. I kept his cock in my mouth until he was soft then I raised up and kissed my wonderful husband wanting him to taste his own cock and cum on my lips.
We cuddled and kissed for a few minutes, and then, we drifted back to sleep. Finally, about 9:40 we woke and realized that if we didn't rush, we would miss breakfast which ended at 10:00. Tom wanted to return the oral favor, but I said since we were short of time I would wait until that evening. Then Tom asked me, since we were far from home, not to wear underwear which I agreed, but with my big areolae, I knew it would be risky trying to prevent anyone from getting a eyeful. I am not an exhibitionist, but neither am I a prude, so knowing how much this would be a turn on for Tom, I left an extra button open on my blouse. Anyone that looked would easily see the upper part of my areolae. I knew my braless breasts would be jiggling as I walked and the constant rubbing against my blouse would keep my areolae and thus me, in a state of constant arousal.
After breakfast, we walked into town. Even just a week before Christmas the day was warm and sunny, which is not unusual for South Texas so I left my jacket in the hotel. The plan was to shop all the stores first, then hit the wine bars, and if we were still standing, dinner at one of the German restaurants and back to our hotel for sex. We shopped up one street and started down the other side when Tom suggested a light lunch and a glass of wine.
We were at the opposite end of town from our hotel, so I happily agreed because I was ready for a break. The wine bar was empty so after ordering I was going to sit at one of the tables, but Tom struck up a conversation with the barman and called me back to sit at the bar. The barman, Jim, was also the owner and very much the conversationalist, and also more than a bit of a flirt. The wine was excellent, and we ended up having two glasses each before leaving. I told Tom that Jim kept stealing glances at my breasts and knew he must have gotten great views of my areolae. Tom knew that turned me on and asked if I would be able to wait until later for relief. I reluctantly said yes but wished I had worn panties because my juices were leaking and soaking my jeans.
We continued shopping, and as we got near the hotel, Tom took our packages and deposited them in the car while I continued to shop. Some of the stores had not been open on our first loop and were now open so, in between wine stops, I shopped while Tom drank as we walked.
We headed back up the street visiting wine bars and when we reached the top of the road, I pointed to a large antique warehouse about two hundred yards from us that we had not visited so I suggested that we go over. Across the road was our first wine bar so Tom said he would visit with Jim while I antiqued because he was walked out. I walked over and found the warehouse closed, so I headed back to the wine bar. By now, during the past couple of hours, I had consumed several glasses of wine and was feeling very relaxed and horny, so I released another button on my blouse. If my blouse gapped open, almost my entire breasts would be on display, and I knew that Tom would be tremendously turned on by my exhibition.
When I entered, Jim the owner was sitting at a table in the rear of the room and had a bottle of wine in front of him with three glasses. He invited me to sit down and explained that Tom had just then walked back to the hotel for his asthma medicine but would return right away. I thought that was odd because Tom had said he was walked out and needed a rest. We must be a 15 walk from the hotel so that meant at least 30 minutes or more before he returned. Somehow, this just didn't feel right, although Tom was asthmatic.
Jim was an excellent talker and knew all the right things to say to a 43-year-old woman, and over the next 15 minutes, he kept me entertained and my glass full. I was feeling more than a little light-headed when I asked if there was a restroom in the bar. He said there was in the backroom and would show me. Jim led me to the toilet in the rear of the storeroom which was full of cases of different types of wine. I went in, did my business, and stroked my clit a couple of times but stopped before allowing myself to cum as I was saving that for later. I had been incredibly turned all day and was still very lubricated and looking forward to sex with Tom. I tried to clean myself up as best as possible, washed my hands, and opened the door and immediately walked right into Jim's arms.
He took me in his arms and said he had been looking at my tits all day and now, God forgive him, wanted a taste of the eye candy. He kissed me, and although I didn't exactly push him away, I didn't return his kiss. Any thoughts of resistance faded when his hands found my braless tits, then he started pulling and pinching my sensitive areolae, and I simply lost all sense of control as my sexual needs overcame any logic in my brain. My knees began to buckle, so Jim picked me up and deposited me on a stack of wine crates. His mouth went from one breast to the other sucking the entire areola in his mouth. I had been so turned on all day but now found myself delirious from his sucking and mauling of my hyper-sensitive nipples and could feel an orgasm building. Then he snaked a hand inside my jeans, finding my enlarged clit and I found myself having a massive orgasm almost immediately. This all happened in a matter of seconds and from the moment he first touched my braless tits, I was at his mercy. Tom had been so right - my areolae and nipples were my weakness!!
Jim stopped for a moment, pulled my jeans off, and seeing my swollen clit took it in his mouth, sucking and pulling on it and then totally thrashed it with his tongue. He alternated between my clit and fucking me with his tongue before sucking my entire clit in his mouth and focused entirely on my next orgasm. Now, Tom and I often have oral sex, but this was very different from Tom. Jim's tongue was either longer, had a different texture or his technique was perfected, but this set off another orgasm, and I was somewhere in heaven when I grabbed his head and held his mouth glued to my clit until my orgasm subsided. Then, just as roughly, I pushed him away since my sensitive love button was ready to explode!! Jim lowered his pants and pulled out his dick and placed my hand around it. Jim's cock was stubby but very thick and my hand was too small to encircle it.
This was my first strange cock in well over 23 years, and I was mesmerized by it, not by its length but the girth. I guess Jim was at least five but no more than six inches long, Tom was certainly longer, but Jim's cock was tapered from the head to the base which was as wide as a beer can. In the course of an instant I thought should I or shouldn't I? Could I take it? Did I want it? The obvious answer in my now totally submissive state was an emphatic "YES"!!
Without asking, Jim turned me around, face down, ass up, and entered me, from the rear, in three quick thrusts. There was a sharp pain as he finally completely entered me, but that pain quickly turned to pleasure. I felt like I was being fucked with a baseball bat as I had never been so stretched in my life. He pounded and pounded me, and from this angle, he was able to reach around and massage my clit which soon resulted in another orgasm. He continued to thrust into me for several minutes before shooting his hot cum into my unprotected vagina. He held me against him until his cock softened and slipped out but not before he again worked my clit producing yet another orgasm. At this point, I was not sure I would be able to walk again.
Finally, he took his handkerchief and cleaned himself up and said Tom should be back by now, we need to go back to the bar area. That was the first words spoken since he had told me how much my breasts had turned him on. After perhaps, one of the top ten fucks of my life, I was speechless but a little gratitude from Jim would have been welcome but was not forthcoming!
I stumbled back into the bathroom and examined myself. My breasts were aching and red from being mauled, my clit was throbbing, and my labia was still swollen and inflamed. I couldn't remember the last time I had so many incredible orgasms. I felt my vagina with my hand and discovered Jim's hot cum running down my crack into my ass.
How could I allow Tom to see me in this state? Then I realized the enormity of what I had just done and was quickly plagued by guilt. I would deal with the guilt later, but now I had to face Tom.
I sat down a couple of minutes to compose myself, albeit it with cum still leaking, and then, after cleaning myself as much as possible, getting my clothes in a presentable fashion, and blouse completely buttoned, went back into the bar. Tom and Jim were drinking and acting completely normal although together they had already finished a bottle. Jim asked the lady behind the bar for another bottle which, I have to admit, went down very smoothly. Tom continued to act normal for which I was grateful but was sure I must have reeked with the odor of being freshly fucked.
Finally, we finished the bottle, so Tom and I thanked Jim and wished him a Merry Christmas and then walked to the next block and next wine bar. I tried to act normal, hoping Tom would not be suspicious, however, when we were alone he commented about my strong odor. I reminded him I had been leaking vaginal fluids all day and now with the fluids and residue on my pants, I was a bit gamey which was what he could smell, and thankfully, he accepted my explanation.
My plan was to get Tom drunk so he would not be able or want to have sex that night and that proved to be incredibly simple. He was already two-thirds drunk and after we shared a further two bottles of Texas' finest we had to call a taxi to safely get us back to the hotel.
The next morning I woke early, and although I was still a bit sore, I gathered my wits over a cup of coffee; I wondered if Tom and Jim had conspired to set me up for sex? Something just wasn't right but I didn't want to know and would never ask but thought my unplanned adventure would make great pillow talk.
*
Last weekend my wife and actually I went shopping in Fredericksburg which formed the basis for this flash story. We did consume a fair bit of wine but no extramarital sex occurred! Thanks for reading!