I mull it over in my head all afternoon. It's distracting me from getting any actual work done. The images of last night keep replaying in my head. Kat, sprawled out on my bed- legs stretched out with the spreader bar and her wrists tied to the bedpost. Some will say it was unfair of me since I didnt go into great detail about the spreader bar and what would happen if she'd attempted to kick her legs (which being an amateur she did) but I digress. The image of her laying there, completely exposed and submissive to me and my desires is a view I never get sick of. Hearing her soft whimpers as I teased the head of my throbbing cock at her entrance. Only to pause and find her most sensitive swollen bud and give it a few light strokes to up her need. I lowered myself down and kissed up her curvy body, until I reached her breasts and her perfectly pink, taut nipples. Taking one into my mouth and giving it a playful nip. Watching Kat's back arch and listening to her whimper as I feel the wetness coming from her pussy starting to soak the head of my cock positioned at the entrance of her.
Then I slowly insert myself inside her. Kat is so tight, so warm and greedy for me her pussy clenches as it takes me all in with want. I thoroughly enjoy our playtime with all my various toys and devices but sometimes it's appealing to see her in this way, stripped of her resolve and letting me see her in her barest, most primal form. Kat moans out as I continue to stroke her clit while fucking her. I can tell shes getting close as her pussy squeezes and spasms around my cock. "Let go Kat." That's all she needs to hear me say and she lets her climax wash over her as I fuck her harder and deeper until my own release mirrors hers and I implant myself deep into her. Reminding her that even though this encounter was different from our usual arrangement she will do well to remember who owns her.
I leave Kat to take a shower and I begin to think about what may be next for our dynamic. I remember receiving the velvet matte black envelope the other day. It was my monthly invite to the Pheonix; an invite only sex club offered only to the elite and most open minded. I have little doubt that a place like the Pheonix would blow Kat's mind but I also think I've got quite the exhibitionist on my hands- it might be deep down but with careful coaxing and teaching I may be able to tap into her desire to show off. I think about all the pictures she's been eager to send me, most of them pictures of her in public places. Flashing me her perky breasts, or her lacey thong underneath her sun dress. It makes me believe there is more to that desire to see and be seen. Maybe the Pheonix will be the perfect place for her.
I mull over the idea all week and then Friday I have a dozen red roses delivered to her door with a note.
"Be ready at 8pm on Saturday, your outfit for our evening out will be delivered tomorrow morning. -Mr. E"
Saturday morning I speak to my assistant to be certain my instructions for Kat's attire were followed and dropped off. I drive to her house and wait in my car down the street so I get a peek of her opening up the package on her front steps. You'd think a package of this nature she'd take inside but she has a routine I've noticed over the last few months of our arrangement. She always opens her mail and packages on her porch, coffee in hand, cute pajamas still on from the night before. She pulls out the gstring, lace front detailed and purple, along with the lacy purple bra. Next, the soft satin robe. I see the smile spread on her face and faintly here her say "I hope we aren't going out in public like this." I get a laugh to myself as I say "Oh Kat...if you only knew."
When I pick Kat up Saturday night I knock on her door and walk in. She's kneeling for me in her living room, hands on her thighs and her eyes down. Always remembering her submissive position but as I help her up I notice she is wearing a dress over the intimate garments I sent.
"Why are you not wearing the robe?" I ask.
She replies, timid in sound. "You mentioned you were picking me up and taking me somewhere, I assumed perhaps I should be dressed to go in public and maybe the lingerie was for later."
I brush her cheek gently and smile, my voice stern. "Kat...when I tell you to wear something I expect you to follow my exact instructions."
I grab Kat by the elbow instructing her to stand. I can't have her already disobeying me especially on a night like tonight. She looks up at me trying to read my mind, a gift she thinks she possesses but I can tell she's unsure of what I'm thinking. I quickly sit on the sofa and pull her down over my lap. She lets out a whimper as I slowly pull the dress up and over her ass, revealing the skimpy g-string. I take my fingers and run them underneath the fabric.
"Kat...we aren't started the evening off on the right foot when you disobey me from the start. Surely you understand?"
I begin to rub my hands over her ass gently, allowing my fingers to travel down to her core and brush lightly against her entrance.
"Yes Sir." Kat moans out.
I continue to insert my finger inside her and Kat moans louder, my thumb finding her clit.
"If I allow you to disobey me, who's to say you won't do it again. Right?"
Kat tries to lift her head but I push it down with my other hand.
"No Sir...Sir I will not disobey you again."
"I believe you Little One, but no wrong deed goes unpunished."
I remove myself from inside her and quickly slap her ass. I rub the surface that has already turned red as Kat gasps and tries to jump up.
"2 more Little One. This way when you sit down tonight you'll be reminded of your disobedience."
Before she can reply I bring my hand down again, on the other cheek this time. Her jolt is less apparent since she was able to brace for it. I again rub the skin before delivering a third and final spank.
"There there Little One" I say as I rub the skin and allow my fingers to travel once more down to her clit. I feel her wetness before my fingers even get inside her.
"You enjoyed that didn't you Kat? I think you enjoy these punishments and that's why you disobey me."
"I did enjoy it Sir. But I will not disobey you again." Kat purrs.
I go to stand and Kat stays on her knees, eyes down to the floor.
"Now that the miscommunication has been addressed, put on the robe and let's go."
She quickly slips her dress up and over her head while I take in the beauty of her body. She is naturally curvy with full breasts and I have to stop myself from having my way with her right then and there. I help her into the robe and we head to the car. I open her door and buckle her in, catching a glimpse of her nervous smile and the soft scent of lavender from her shampoo.
The drive to The Phoenix is quiet, which I prefer. It's not that I want Kat to get inside her own mind and be nervous but I want her emotions to be charged, I want every reaction I get out of her to be raw and unfiltered and the best way to do that is by letting her be with her own thoughts for a while. When we pull up to the club, her eyes go wide as she looks at me.
"The Phoenix Mr. E? I'm not ready." She says. I impressed she recognizes the building. She's only heard of me describe it's exterior.
I can't help but let out a small laugh. "Little One, this night is about both you and I however in this you have no choice. Trust me when I say tonight is a night you will not forget."
I get out of the car and walk to her side and open her door. Kat remains seated with her gaze down and she makes no attempt at getting out of the car. "Little One, tonight is about pleasure I assure you. I'll be getting it either way but certainly the first thing you don't want the spectators to see is you being punished for disobedience wouldn't you agree?"
I see a quick spark in her eyes that make me think she's going to challenge me but then she takes my hand and steps out of the car. "Such a good girl" I say as I slip my hand around her waist and walk her in. The bouncer is at the front door but he knows who I am and he opens the rope as his gaze travels the length of Kat. My first instinct is to let him know she is mine but I know all eyes will be on her tonight so I let my possessiveness slip away for the time being.
When Kat and I make our way to my reserved table I see her eyes take in her surroundings. On stage, there's a man restraining his submissive to chair. She's blindfolded and he's tying her hands behind her back. Just as he finishes he attaches nipple clamps to her breasts and she yells out. Her yells are quickly replaced with moans as he places a vibrating wand to her clit. She begins to rub herself into it on the saddle, her wetness running down the sides.
Kat breaks her gaze away and looks at me as I take a sip of my whiskey. "This is intense, I can feel her energy from here and I'm just watching. I can't imagine what it must be like for her on that stage. Knowing everyone is watching, her body on display." Her attention goes back to the stage.
I swirl my drink in my tumbler and finish the rest while never taking my eyes off her.
"Well, tonight Little One you will know exactly how she feels because our set is next."
Kat turns her gaze sharply towards me and I can see the fire in her irises. "Oh no I am not getting up there. Not a chance."
"No?" I reply. "Are you my submissive Little One? I know you are not denying me my pleasure. Is that what I am hearing?"
"Sir I am not getting on that stage." She says defiantly.
I search her for something she's hiding in her expression but all that remains is her defiant stand. She turns her attention back to the stage as she hears the woman climax, and for a moment I let her believe she has won the argument and will remain just a spectator.
When the stage is cleaned and reset I watch as Kat takes a sip of her drink and her shoulders relax. The alcohol has started to kick in and she flashes me a smile and her hazy eyes tell me she is more relaxed. Then the clubs manager walks over to my table to let me know it is our time to head to the stage and begin.
"Let's go Little One" I say in a stern tone
Kat looks my way still a little unsure but I can see that curiousity is getting the better of her. She smiles that sexy smile I love and stands. She adjusts her robe as I pull her hand to mine. I bring my lips to her neck and kiss her, my hand traveling through her robe and over her sex, eliciting a soft moan from her.
I lead Kat through the audience towards the stage. Her breathing quickens, nerves causing a faint flush to appear on her cheeks but I can feel underneath the thrill and excitement building inside her.
We appear on the stage as Kat begins asking questions. I'm brought back to the first days of Kat taking on her submissive role to me as she asked many many questions in the beginning. She was always so eager to please even in her brattiest of moods. I quickly tire of her questions tonight though. If I explain everything step by step it takes the element of surprise away and I want Kat obeying me in the moment; tonight. I want every reaction to be real and not thought out prematurely.
I lead Kat over to the couch positioned center stage and walk over my chest of toys on the floor. I pull out a gag and walk back across the stage to Kat. Kat's eyes grow wise as she sees me hold the leather trimmed object in my hand. "Little One, from this point forward your moans and screams will be filtered through the gag. I like it better that way. Less time for questions and more time for pleasure."
Kat licks her lips before I secure the gag and I stand Kat up and bend her over the edge of the couch. Her ass on display I give it a light smack then I begin to restrain her hands behind her and her feet to the floor.
I give a quick tug to the restraints and when I'm satisfied they are secure I know we can begin.
I trail my fingers down Kat's thighs, running my finger over her heat. I find her clit and quickly swipe over it as I insert my finger inside her. Kat moans over her gag.
"See?" I say. "There was worry deep inside you but now it has quickly been placed by anticipation. Isn't that right Little One?" Kat attempts to say something but her words are inaudible now that she is wearing the gag. I don't waste any time. I take my finger out and bring it to my lips, tasting her. She's already wet, her arousal evident.
Hide original message
I grab a vibrating wand and run it's head over her back, down her legs and back up right to her sensitive core. Kat lifts her heels to try and avoid the vibration but she is just out of reach to miss it. Her soft moans echo around the gag and the sound travels directly to my cock. Hardening just at the noise. I hold it there for a few minutes, applying extra pressure every so often as her body starts to melt around it. I even notice her trying to grind on it to get closer to the pleasure she thinks she will obtain so easily.
When I remove the wand I replace it with my thumb, circling her swollen bud. I insert 2 fingers, then three into her sweet flesh and her pussy welcomes me in, coating me with her arousal. I bring her to the edge of an orgasm, feeling her pussy clench on my fingers, the quickness of her breathing and the way she's grinding on me let's me know she is almost there. I pull out abruptly, knowing that the void she feels now that she's empty won't last long.
I walk over to the wall of toys and request the audiences help in choosing a plug. A business man in the front row agrees to come up. I request that he choose whatever anal plug he thinks my sweet Kat would enjoy the most. He walks over to her, caresses her back, moves his hands down her ass and gives her a spank. Kat tries to position herself to avoid the sting. The gentlemen looks to me and asks if he can have some lube so her can really examine her and see what would work best. I oblige because I know my obedient Kat loves being used by multiple men. It's a turn on for her. I bring over the lubricant and stand in front of Kat while the other gentleman preps his fingers. I bend down at eye level and let her know this kind sir is going to finger her ass so we can insert a plug. As a reflex she shakes her head no but before she makes a sound the man inserts his finger up to his knuckle in her ass and she jerks her body, still retrained and at my mercy.
"Oh she is very VERY tight indeed." The man says. "I want to see if we can't loosen her up just a little." He takes his second finger and scissors his way inside, then a third as he begins slowly fucking her ass with his fingers. While he's doing a thorough exam I walk around and attach the wand back to her sensitive clit, this time using a band to hold it in place. Kat's cries for pleasure build until I can tell she's waiting for my permission to orgasm.
"Do you want to cum Little One? Is that what you want?"
She shakes her head furiously. The gentleman is still working on her ass as the wand vibrates against her swollen bud.
"Let me just do one more thing before you do." I say to her. A tear falls from the corner of her eye and I know she cannot hold for much longer. I turn off the wand out of mercy while I prepare what else I have in store. I walk over to the toy cabinet and grab a dildo, large like myself knowing she likes to feel the fullness. I walk over to her and undo her gag.
"Take this into your mouth and wet it." Her saliva drips all over with the gag out but she does as she's told and licks the dildo until it's coated just right. I move to her backside and insert the dildo into her tight pussy and she screams out, loud enough for the audience to hear now that the gag is off. I nod to the gentleman who removes his fingers from her ass and goes to the wall of plugs.
"I think this one would do the best job." He selects a large plug with a vibrator inside it. It's the largest plug Kat has ever taken. I turn the wand back on and then go around to face Kat.
"This nice gentleman is going to put a plug in your ass Kat. It's the biggest one you've ever had but you'll take it like a good girl won't you?" Kat moans from the pleasure to her clit. I pull on her hair, forcing her to look directly in my eyes. "Won't you let this nice gentleman fuck your ass with this plug?"
"Yes sir." She says, lust filling her dilated eyes.
I unzip my pants and let my cock spring out. It's been hard since picking up Kat for this night and it's time I fuck Kat's beautiful mouth. Let her feel full in all holes. I look to the gentleman and tell him to insert it while I shove my cock in Kat's mouth, holding her ponytail so she stays eye level with it. She flicks my shaft with her tongue, sucks me in until she's taking me to the back of her throat. Then her eyes go wide as the gentlemen begins his assault on her ass with the plug. I grab Kat's head and guide her around my cock as he works the plug more and more until it's in all the way and he turns the vibration on. Kat screams out around my cock, her saliva dripping on the floor. I know she's feeling so full, like the dirty slut she longs to be. Such an obedient woman.
"How's that feel Kat? I bet you're feeling the pressure in your ass, pussy and now you're mouth."
Feeling her need radiate off of her I allow her to cum. As she does her body spasms around the toys. Her throat takes me deeper and I release my seed down her throat. Once I am sure I have emptied I pull out of her mouth and listen to her pant, sweat glistening from her brow as she comes down from the high, her body twitching slightly. I gently remove the wand and the dildo. I let myself admire the view of the large plug in her ass for a few minutes more before removing that as well. I hear Kat let out a sigh as I remove it, no doubt feeling bereft in the places that minutes ago felt full to the brim. I release Kat's restraints and give her a robe to put on. As I do, the audience begins to cheer and Kat's face flushes. She forgot about being in public for this, what every spectator saw her on display. Saw her primal need to be fucked and used. I've never been so proud of her.
Kat and I take our seats for the next act when the clubs owner comes over. He requests we make our visit a regular weekly spot. I looked to Kat who just gives me a shy smile. "I think we might be able to accommodate that" I say and instantly begin to think about what should come next.