Jesse Benson had been up getting ready long before the rest of the household. After yesterday's pool party he had time to think about his future.
First thing, he needed to keep his promise to his Father. His grades would step up. He would toe the line the remainder of the year. Graduation wasn't that far off.
Secondly, He had a bone to pick with his so-called friends "Quint" and "Troy". They had taken advantage of Willa and her friend "Eve". He felt responsible for the girls misfortune. He had just wanted his friends to see him as a Real Man. Not some stupid act brought on by his Father's books. He had taken enough abuse over the years. Enough was enough. He intended to set Quint and Troy straight. Even if he ended up on the worst end of the fist. At least he would do what felt right.
Third, after his Father's pep talk yesterday Jesse formulated a plan. He wanted Willa as his girlfriend. He would prove himself to her no matter what it took.
For now? It started by opening his door and introducing her to "Cadet Jesse Benson".
Door open he lifts his packed bag and hoists it over his shoulder. With a moment to glance over at his computer's monitor he refreshes himself of the Beauty of Willamina Pryce. Her photo on his monitor a reminder of good times. With a sigh he closes his bedroom door behind him and heads downstairs.
Reaching the Kitchen he discovers the smell of French Toast. His favorite breakfast food. There stood Willa in white leggings so tight that every curve looked as if they were airbrushed on. Her T-shirt, white also with a similar snugness in the chest. Yet riding high in hem to reveal her tight abs and luscious belly button. Nipples proudly inspired to salute the Man in Uniform.
She turned to face him with spatula in hand. Her brownish red hair flowing over her shoulders. Eyes sparkling at his attire.
"Impressive. You didn't wear the uniform when Nick brought you home. You look very handsome."
He smirks dropping his bag to the floor, "Thanks. Hey! I'm sorry-"
Willa leaps forward and plants her palm over his mouth shutting him up. "Don't. Don't ever be sorry. Be a Benson."
He nods trying to focus on her face. He wanted to show her he could keep it real.
"Where's Grace?"
"She's out on the deck with Nick. Eve is still here. She slept in my bedroom overnight. I think Nick is going to give her the chance to babysit Grace while we take you back to the Academy."
He raises a brow, "You're going with us?"
"You don't want me to see you off?" She pouts before twisting to flip her French Toast in the skillet.
"Sure. I don't mind. I guess I just don't want you to run into Quint and Troy again."
"I can take care of myself. It might surprise you but I have taken self defense classes. My Stepfather insisted. I might not be a black belt but I know enough to fend off an attacker. Just ask Quint. I'm sure his nose is puffed up good."
"I'll deal with Quint." He sneers.
She winks and pecks him on the cheek, "My hero."
Shying away he moves around her and heads toward the deck. Opening the French doors he exits closing them.
Willa pouted in thought, "He didn't even rub my tushy."
Outside, Nick observed Eve holding Grace as they enjoyed the Ocean breeze. Their talk quieted as Nick noticed his son approach.
"There's my Soldier. Sleep well?"
Jesse fidgeted, "I guess." He then swooped in to kiss his baby sister.
Eve puckered up expecting her own kiss then swiftly changed her mind as Nick narrowed his gaze. She chose to bounce Grace on her hip and look away with a sheepish grin.
Jesse took his hat off and held it under his armpit. He was rather dashing today. Groomed and ready for his chance to prove himself to his parents. He swore off any more goaded hijinks from his fellow Cadets.
"Pack your Soccer uniform? Game schedule says you have a game on Tuesday. Let's hope your Mother's flight gets her home in time."
"I'm still on the team? Awesome. I figured Captain Bolland kicked me off the team for sure."
Nick edges in gripping his son by the back of the neck, "He did. Thank me with a win on Tuesday."
Jesse faintly smiles, "I'm sorry if I cost you money to straighten things out."
"It's only money. What's important is that you learn to control yourself. Stop listening to others just to fit in. Be your own Man."
"That's the plan. Can I talk to Ash-I mean Eve a minute?"
Nick nods and turns to claim his daughter from Eve's arms. Eve then watched as Nick returned to the house. There was an awkward silence at first.
"I hope you can forgive me for yesterday." Jesse winces.
"No reason to forgive. I had a blast. If anything Willa and I should ask you for forgiveness. She punched your friend. I let things happen that I was told not to. So, don't feel sad." She brightens up, "Besides we made it up to you didn't we?"
Jesse recalls his blowjobs at both girls insistence. It made him blush suddenly.
"Yeah. You did. I want more of that someday."
"Maybe more if Willa doesn't object." She felt mischievous.
Hearing that made him squint to read into her words.
"Why would Willa object? Does she like me?"
Eve zips her lip and playfully dances around him. Her borrowed sundress fanning in the breeze. She taunted him with a quick moon of her shapely ass by hiking her skirt. Nick had chosen to overrule his decision of no clothing today. Jesse had seen enough already of both girls. When the time was right Nick Benson would enforce his earlier rule.
He groaned as she walked away toward the house. Looking back with a devilish glint in her eyes.
Was Eve playing matchmaker?
Jesse would ponder the possibility all day.
For now he went inside and ate French toast.
By 8:40 A.M. Nick was ready to go. Last minute pointers on child care directed to Eve led him to go start his Ford Edge. He gave Jesse a glare and said, "Five minutes."
Jesse raced upstairs to find Willa in her bedroom. She was brushing her hair after applying make-up. At her door he stopped and decided to knock.
"Wow! That's a first. You usually barge right in."
Stunned by her beauty he goes shy for a second.
"Ready to go?"
Willa sets her brush down and eyes herself in a closet mirror. Her long hair was magnificent. Finally, she turns walking over to Jesse who leaned against her threshold. Eyes meet and study each other.
Willa shivered suddenly. She wanted to kiss him but thought better of it. She had no clue what her future here with the Benson's would consist of. Giving Jesse too much attention might hurt the both of them. Did he deserve her knowing the body count she was gathering sexually? She wasn't ashamed of it. Yet, it wasn't fair to Jesse. He had no clue what her true actions had been since working with Nick.
Choosing to look at him dumbfounded she fans her arms wide, "What? You think this is a remake of "Officer and a Gentleman"? Let's go. Move that cute butt Cadet."
Jesse laughs and offers a gesture of "Ladies' first."
"Don't slap me on the ass when I walk by you." She points with suspicion.
Easing around him he merely watched her wiggle down the hall and with each step of the staircase. Her milky white leggings so tight that they receded between her butt cheeks. Camel toe was hard to miss.
Jesse was hard since he stood in her doorway.
Willa knew.
Reaching the garage door Eve met them and offered Jesse a hug. He struggled to keep his hands to himself. The blond herself struggled to not insist he use his hands. Blue eyes sparkle as she pecks him on the cheek.
"See you soon I hope."
"I'll skype with you and Willa after I get settled back in. Take good care of my sister."
"Yes, Sir!" She salutes him with a wink.
Willa attempts to lift Jesse's bag from the Kitchen floor.
"What do you have in this thing? Eve? Go check to see if the bearskin rug is still in the Family Room. I laid naked on it so I bet he's stealing it to use as a teddy bear."
Everyone chuckles as Jesse claims his bag. Hoisting it over his shoulder he grins.
"Room in my bag if you two want to hop in. I can hide you under my bunk at School."
"Under your bunk?" Willa rolls her eyes huffing, "In your bunk. We can give your friends a real show."
That gave Jesse inspiration. He kept his thought to himself. His Dad was honking the horn.
Jesse and Willa rushed out into the garage and loaded up. Willa sat in the back seat. Let the men ride up front. She would be Dorian's shadow and Jesse's reflection. His mirror was trained on her after all. Nick let it slide.
Carlsbad, California. San Diego County.
An hours drive later, Nick Benson pulled up to a security gate.
Standing in wait was a Guard monitoring a gate. After a quick glance at an I.D. and a signature Nick was passed through. He paused however for a moment to put his I.D. back into his wallet.
During the wait the guard spotted Willa fluttering her fingers at him with a devastating smile. With a blown kiss she shakes her cleavage at him. After a closer inspection he notes her camel toe.
His eyes bulge.
As did his crotch.
He would head inside the Guard shack to conceal his masturbation.
Jesse was oblivious. His nerves made him maintain focus on the school ahead.
The drive led them past a group of young Men in what Willa referred to as Mini Boot Camp. Young men were doing pushups on a large grassy area.
Drill instructors were barking out commands and making the young Cadets work harder to become Men.
Willa bit a nail at all of the sweaty boys.
Nick eyed her reactions through the rear view mirror. He was amused.
Reaching a Civilian parking lot Nick came to a halt next to other cars. Engine shut off he glares over at his son.
"Ready for this?"
Willa excitedly yelped, "YES!"
Both Nick and Jesse creased their brows at her outburst.
Laughing at the situation Jesse nods, "Yeah. I'm ready."
With a convinced pucker Nick Benson leads the way. Exiting the vehicle Nick locks up and the three of them follow a sidewalk toward the Commanding Officer's center. On their journey a group of Cadets running along a track next to them spot Willa and nearly creates a pile up. She loved the distraction of attraction. This made her wiggle even more.
Nick smiled at her. He could tell she loved flaunting it.
Jesse groans as he notices that his friends Quint and Troy were amongst the runners. They sneered at both of them with a glare of vengeance. As soon as Willa realized it she gravitated toward Jesse and hugged him around the waist.
This made Jesse feel ten feet tall.
All of his friends would see him with this magnificent Goddess fawning over him.
Nick was proud of both of them. Even when Jesse lowered his hand to rub her ass as they walked. Getting braver he moved his hand to her waistband and slithered his fingers beneath it to palm her bare ass.
Lightly yelping at his adventurous fingers she looks at him with a glare of awe and slaps his chest with her right hand. That led to an evil sneer. Which led to a smile.
Nick cleared his throat loudly at his son's behavior. Jesse withdrew his hand and groaned.
Moving beyond the troop the reach the Center and Nick opens the door for them to enter. He himself had a hard time not admiring Willa's painted on white leggings. He had to look away with a grin. That or walk around with a python in his pocket.
Inside they locate a front desk which Nick confronted.
"Nick Benson. Son Jesse. Here to see Captain Bolland."
An 18 year old female Cadet in charge of greeting smiled at them. Especially at Jesse.
"Hi Jesse. Welcome back." She spoke.
"Hey, Nadine. Miss me?" Jesse flirted without realizing it. He then drifted his eyes toward Willa. She merely puckered with a fidget. Then she winked at him.
"Sure I did." Her gaze immediately averts toward Nick.
"I just finished reading your latest book Mister Benson." She blushes fanning her face with her fingers.
"Wonderful. I hope you enjoyed it." He winked with a sly grin.
She bites her lower lip and shivers in her seat with a gaze of being turned on. Catching herself she changes the subject. "I'll just tell the Captain you are here."
She moves around the front desk and steps into full view. The girl stood taller than Jesse at 5'6. She had shoulder length brown hair pinned up under her uniform cap. Her body tight and well toned from being in shape. Her ass worthy of admiration. Even from Nick.
She had to look back to see if she was being watched. She was. It made her day.
"Dad. Don't embarrass me." Jesse spies his Father checking her out.
"Don't blame me. She's the one who appears to be checking me out."
Jesse rolls his eyes, "I can't take you anywhere."
Nick pats his son on the shoulder, "Of course not. I do the driving."
Willa felt like chopped liver suddenly.
Moments later Nadine returns to guide them to the Captain's office. "If you will just follow me."
Nick smirks at her forcing a blush, "Very closely."
Her heart skips a beat but manages to survive her mission. She would return to her desk and touch herself. Nick Benson was so very handsome. Hiding her hand down her slacks was difficult under the scrutiny of overhead cameras.
Nadine managed.
At the Office Door a Large distinguished Man of his mid-40s stepped out to shake hands with Nick.
"Nick Benson. Always a pleasure. Even under extreme circumstances."
Captain Bolland narrows his eyes at Jesse.
"Bryan. Thank you for giving my boy another chance. I do hope the Jeep looks brand new."
The Captain motions them into his Office. His eyes follow them in. Especially, Willa. She batted her eyes at him with a devilish smirk.
On her way in she drops her tiny clutch purse on the carpet and bends over in front of the Captain. He had turned from shutting his door unaware of her move. Awkwardly he collided with her ass forcing himself to grab her hips to keep her from falling forward.
Embarrassed the Captain apologizes and straightens up instantly. Willa however didn't at first. She wanted to make certain he saw every contour of her ass. Her shadowy retreat between her ass cheeks. Her delightful clam puckering out under the stress of her taunt posture.
Captain Bryan Bolland had to find restraint. He chose to look up at his Father's painting on the wall. A proud tradition of Soldiers and Instructors.
Finally, Willa stood up and peered over her shoulder. Her spaghetti straps had both looped down over her shoulders and left her cleavage dangerously low. With a shocked expression she folds her arms over her chest the second Jesse turned to face her.
She swiftly pulled them back into place.
Captain Bolland ushers them to take a seat. Unfortunately, he only had two chairs in front of his desk. Nick and Jesse had claimed those.
Willa was subjected to stand behind them.
Taking his seat Bolland maintained his gaze on Nick. Finalizing Nick's earlier inquiry.
"Yes. The Jeep looks like brand new because it is brand new. Thank you for the purchase."
"The least I can do. Along with a sizeable donation. I hope the money goes to good use."
"Updating the Class Rooms. New paint in honor of young Jesse there."
Jesse scowls, "Really? Rubbing it in because I painted your Jeep?"
"I am indeed." Bolland sternly returns his scowl with one of his own.
Nick pats his son on the knee. "Calm down. The Captain deserves his chance to get even with you. It could be worse."
Jesse rolls his eyes as he feels Willa rub his back for support.
"This young lady your Girlfriend, Cadet Benson?" Bolland looks up with interest.
Jesse didn't know how to reply. Instead, Willa leans over Jesse smothering his shoulder with her bosom to shake the Captain's hand.
"Yes I am. Hi. I'm Willa."
The Captain lifts from his chair to shake her hand. This forces her to stretch further. Her cleavage nearly escapes but she catches it just in time. Enough to make Bolland admire her with a timid scowl. He had a hunch it was on purpose.
"You do realize this chance is your last. The school year is nearly over. Do not risk ruining it." Bolland reclaims his seat.
Nick ignored Willa's lie of being his son's girlfriend. He would let this play out for now.
Jesse sat up straight with Willa's hands on his shoulders faithfully. "I do, Sir. I won't let you down."
"Good to hear Son. I've given you my blessing to play Soccer next game. The team can use you. Oh, and the Spring Dance is coming. I expect you to bring your lovely girlfriend as a date. You two look good together."
Jesse beamed at hearing that. He looked over his shoulder at Willa. "Hear that? Will you be my date for the dance?"
Willa went expressionless taking a breath to look to Nick for advice.
Nick merely squinted then smiled. She had his blessing. Whether she truly wanted it or not.
Willa throws her arms around Jesse's neck and hugs him from behind. Whispering in his ear she told him how she felt.
"I'd be honored. I'm still not wearing any underwear under some fancy dress."
Jesse chuckled, "She said yes."
Nick grinned at them when something caught his eye. Outside the Captain's window which faced the open Athletics field stood a number of boys spying through the glass at them. Included were Quint and Troy. Nosey to say the least.
"Before Willa and I take our leave Bryan? Could I speak with you alone? Perhaps a walk to where this Dance might be held?" Nick winks at the Commanding Officer.
Surprised by the request Captain Bolland studied Nick. As if reading his mind Bolland stood up and stepped around his desk. Dollar signs were forming in his head.
The boys outside tried to play coy as if wrestling.
"Jesse? I'll leave you and your girlfriend here until we return. I'll thank you to behave while I'm away."
Jesse nods, "Absolutely, Sir."
"The Auditorium is this way." Bolland motions for Nick to join him.
Before following him Nick leans in to whisper at Willa. "Inspiration." He then uses his eyes to show her the boys outside the window. She already knew they were there she just tried to keep things quiet. Jesse too had noticed.
Nick closes the office door behind them as they step out.
As soon as the door sealed Willa moved around Jesse and sat in his lap. She kissed him on the lips for a heated moment. Once tugging away she sighs.
"Office to ourselves. Captive audience outside. Let's give these guys a show."
Jesse bulged his eyes. His slacks tightened as well.
"How?" He shivers.
She stands up and yanks at his shirt to follow her, leading him to the window. Opening it from the side she felt a rush of warm air against the Air conditioning on the inside.
The boys eagerly sprinted over to the open window. Quint charged up first to meet the couple face to face.
"Brought your bodyguard Benson?"
Jesse swallows and puts on a brave face. "Brought my girlfriend. I don't need a bodyguard Quint."
Willa slides between them reaching up toward Quint's face. He flinches to evade her.
"Nose looks okay. Guess I didn't hit you that hard. I'm sorry Quint. Truly."
"Whatever. You're just a tease."
"I won't deny that. I'm going to tease all of you right now. Keep watching as My man shows you how it's done."
Jesse looked haunted as she guides him away from the window. Moving to the side of Bolland's desk she winks at the young Men just before sliding her leggings down to her knees. She then pats her ass for Jesse standing behind her.
"Take me Jesse. Right here on the Captain's desk. Show these bastards how tough you can be."
Jesse fidgets then glares at the boys outside chuckling and calling him a pussy. With a grim sneer Jesse Benson unzipped his pants, dropping them to palm his raging hard on. Smug Jesse nudges Willa to lay her upper body over the desk. She pulls her shirt up over her tits for a sexier pose.
Priming his cock up to her pussy Jesse realizes how wet she was. It was an easy entry. Once inside he felt her constrict around his girth. Tightening. Loosening. Tightening. Loosening. Jesse's mind exploded and he began thrusting. Hands gripping her hips he power fucked her for effect. The harder he rammed the louder her moans.
"Fuck me Jesse. Pull my hair." She huffed just loud enough for him to hear.
Jesse took the advice and reached over yanking her long brownish red mane. So hard in fact Willa had to cringe at the pain of it. She resisted crying out for him to not be so rough. This in her mind had to be done. Jesse needed all the help he could get. His friends had to be jealous. They had to know he was stronger than he appeared.
"Call me names. Dirty names." She grit her teeth hissing.
Jesse became smug in his actions. He knew what he had to do. "Who owns this pussy?" He growls.
At first she whispers, "Dorian". He hadn't heard it though. Then she hissed, "Nick." Still unheard at her volume.
After another hard tug she cries out, "You do Jesse. Godammit! Fuck me."
The boys heard her and offered a stunned look. Jesse was being convincing. His facial features growing more and more intense with each thrust into her. With each shrill whimper. With each deafening moan.
Sweaty minutes pass as Jesse resorts to slapping her ass loudly.
Rather violently.
Willa loved it.
Neither of them had noticed the Office door open up.
The Boys did. They didn't run.
"I brought you both a Pepsi while you...wait."
Jesse snaps a glare toward the door but is so in tune with his actions he merely nods.
"Hey Nadine."
The female Cadet flared her eyes and dropped her jaw. She blushed and smiled both. A hand over her mouth led to a surprise reaction.
"Dang Jesse. Wow!" She set the drinks on a book shelf.
Jesse pulls out of Willa just long enough to wag his cock at the brunette just to let her see his erection. He then returned to Willa.
As the moans echoed, "Nadine Manchester" bit her lower lip. Looking down both sides of the hall she fret at first. Then admiration led to curiosity. She had to watch this. This was her favorite Author's son. She had no idea Jesse was like this.
"Want some of this Nadine?" Jesse grew cocky.
Outside the boys heard his remark and swiftly darted their eyes toward the young beauty. She could have been the younger twin of actress "Jennifer Love-Hewitt".
Nadine shivered at the thought but held her ground. She just couldn't stop staring.
"I'll keep watch. When I see the Captain I'll buzz his intercom as a signal."
She started to back away then whined at her decision. Jesse was magnificent. Regardless she chose to shut the door behind her.
Jesse felt his juices building. Snarling he yanks Willa's hair again. Her neck was straining as it was. Beet red Willa shuddered at her own brewing orgasm. She beats Jesse to the punch. A loud scream made the Boys cringe.
Jesse then detonates inside her forcing a louder cry.
Ego priming his spirit Jesse cracks his neck and snaps a look at Quint. With a snarling nature he had to make a point.
"MY BITCH, QUINT. MINE!"
Willa tried not to laugh under her matted hair. She succeeded in making Jesse the most popular guy at the Academy.
Pulling out in a web of cum Jesse leans down to escort his pants up neatening himself.
Willa peels herself from the desk leaving a puddle of sweat on it.
Quint nodded his respect.
"You're the Man, Benson. Mad respect, Bro."
Troy filters in with, "On the Captain's desk even. Some balls there, Jesse."
Jesse merely smirks and watches Willa pull her shirt into place. She winces at the puddle in her leggings. No disguising that wet spot.
Pulled up the spot stained her entire camel toe and belly. She shrugged and dove into a kiss.
Jesse wasn't escaping this reward. Their kiss lingered feverishly as Jesse clutched her hair again with a lighter tug this time. Almost sensually.
Suddenly, the intercom buzzed and Nadine's voice whispered.
"They're back. Hurry up."
Willa spots the Pepsi's on the shelf and swiftly procured them. Thinking fast she pops a can open, sitting down and spills it into her lap.
Quint, outside pulls the window as shut as he could before vanishing.
Jesse? He sat smug and opened his own drink. Swallowing half the can before the Office door opened.
"I can't thank you enough Nick. The dance decorations you are buying is an added bonus. I'm certain the Cadet's will respect your gift."
Jesse chuckles lightly, "I know I do."
Willa merely smirks at young Benson as she gets up to let Nick sit down. Nick immediately noticed the seat wet. Then her white leggings. Her crotch was nearly transparent.
"Spilled my drink." She whines refusing to laugh.
Nick removes a hanky and dries his seat before sitting down. He left her drenched and disrespectful. She smiled in her discomfort.
Bolland now seated planted his elbows on his desk. Noting the sweat puddles he grimaces.
Jesse sighed, "Condensation from our pop can's. Sorry, Sir."
Bolland dryly swallows after eying the two large circular indentations on the surface of the desk. They were far too large to be pop can rings. He had a nagging feeling what they were. A snapped glance at Willa's breasts he closes his eyes.
Although Captain Bryan Bolland wanted to kick Jesse out of the Academy permanently he refrained. Nick Benson was coughing up way too much charity to risk him taking it all back.
"Go back to your Barracks, Cadet. Get back into the field tomorrow. No shenanigans. Am I clear Cadet?"
"Sir. Yes Sir." Jesse stands quickly and salutes with a perfected posture.
Willa admired his stance.
After a respected hand shake with his Father, Jesse Benson snapped up his duffle and stepped in front of Willa.
Their eyes were teary suddenly. Unblinking and full of life.
"I'll miss you." He tells her.
"Ditto." She returns before a quick peck on his lips.
Jesse left the Office.
Nick then stood up and offered another round of gratitude to the Captain via hand shake.
Easing behind the American Flag hanging from a floor mounted pole to her right Willa hid her revealing leggings.
Captain Bolland eyed her behavior.
She shyly smiled and left him to his imagination. Nick blocked her exit from the man until the door closed behind them.
Nick looks her over with a puckered lip. He approved.
Walking toward the front desk Willa waves at Nadine. The girl smiled from ear to ear.
Motioning Nick onward Willa sneaks around the desk to face young Nadine.
"You should get some of that."
Nadine drops her jaw and notes Willa's stained crotch. She could see definition and flesh tone.
Willa fanned her face with a brilliant exhausted grin. Wiggling away from the Cadet she bounced in step.
Nadine began to touch herself again. With one thing on her mind.
"Oh, Jesse."
She would consider that offer.