Wife teases her husband by performing as a webcam model
Hi, I'm Veronica. I thought I'd write about my latest adventure. I'm a webcam model.
I've been married for just over four years. My husband enjoys my sexually teasing him and denying him orgasms. I keep his cock locked in a stainless steel chastity cage. The only time he gets pleasure is when I chain him to the bed and teasingly masturbate him for a couple of hours. About once a month, at the end of one of those edging sessions, I stroke him to an orgasm. He's never allowed to masturbate.
Usually, I let my husband come up with ways for me to tease him. I'm not as creative as my husband. Last year, I discovered a way to tease him. I discovered webcam modeling.
I was surfing the Internet, and I came across an ad for a webcam service. The pictures of the women were gorgeous, and my curiosity got the better of me. I created an account and soon found out that the women on this particular service were not as attractive as advertised. I was disappointed, and I'm sure many guys wind up disappointed as well. At least I hadn't spent any money on this service, which will remain nameless.
I spent a few weeks googling and looking at different webcam websites. I started to notice that all the different webcam websites used a few similar kinds of video software. I liked the video software that a couple of popular websites used. I figured it must be pretty good video software.
I made an account and spent some time getting to know the different models. I knew my husband enjoyed large tits, and frankly, so do I, so I mostly followed large breasted models. I spent weeks studying their shows, to see what was popular and what wasn't.
According to what I saw from the other models, my assets were my large tits and the fact that I am a young woman that smokes cigarettes. Most women my age, it seems, vape. The main reason I enjoy smoking is that my husband has a smoking fetish. When I'm edging him, I can take a cigarette break, and he barely loses his erection. It seems that my husband really enjoys watching me smoke topless. I found out that lots of men enjoy watching an attractive topless woman smoke on webcam. At least, they enjoy watching me smoke topless well enough to pay me.
When I first started cam modeling, I'd smoke to pass the time. I found out I was giving some guys a free show and I had to keep myself from smoking unless I was being paid.
If you've never been to a webcam modeling website, this is how my favorite website works. You see the models in their "rooms". Basically, whatever room in their house or apartment where the computer and webcam are located. Anyone can join what they call public chat. The models are generally clothed, although some outfits are skimpy. Some models expose their tits or ass to try and attract customers.
Once you create an account, you can participate in what my favorite website calls a private show. The show is really a group show, where as many customers as want to watch the show pay by the minute. These private shows are generally scripted. You can also request an exclusive show. This is usually more expensive, but you are the only person seeing and talking to the model. Generally, the model will take some requests during an exclusive show.
What I liked about my favorite website is that they also have what they call a gold menu and a gold show. The gold menu is a list of what you'll do for a tip, like show your tits, your ass, or your feet. This is public, so if you hang around certain model's rooms, you sometimes get a free show.
The gold show is a public show where as many customers as want to pay a small amount, usually $5 to $10, for a 5 to 7 minute scripted show. The advantage to the customer is that it's cheaper than a strip club, and the women usually masturbate, or at least, pretend to masturbate. The advantage to the model is that with enough customers, she can gross $200 a gold show. More on gross vs. net later.
After watching webcam models perform for a couple of months, I decided to take the plunge. I signed up to be a cam model.
According to the modeling website, all you need is a computer, webcam, and internet. While that might be literally true, I saw from the other models that I also needed outfits and props. I had negligees and some vibrators and dildos. Modeling was a good excuse to buy more sex toys. I was surprised when I found out I needed lights and reflectors so that my make-up wouldn't look too dark.
I found out that the site keeps 65% of the income stream. Now, I accept that they're providing a website and the bandwidth for video streaming, and should get paid for that, But 65%? I modeled for almost six months before my net revenue exceeded my expenses.
Our computer and webcam were located in the basement. While I had plenty of room to dance or do a striptease, my customers wanted to see me on a bed masturbating. I could sit in a chair and masturbate, but it became apparent to me after about a month that I needed to move the computer and webcam to the bedroom. Once I did that, my gold shows brought in more revenue.
Unfortunately, that meant my husband slept on the couch for a couple of weeks until the new bed we ordered from an online furniture store arrived. Once the new bed was set up in our spare bedroom, I moved the computer and webcam into that bedroom. I was glad to get the webcam out of our bedroom. I like to keep some things about our life private.
I mostly cam during the week while my husband's at work. I live on the east coast, so noon to about 3 pm is a peak time for my customers. If I'm not sleepy, I'll cam in the evening after my husband goes to bed. I don't want to take away too much of our together time with webcam modeling.
However, on Friday night, I provide a special webcam show for my BDSM customers. I had my husband put one of the dining room chairs in the spare bedroom. On Friday night, my husband gets undressed and ties himself to the dining room chair. A pair of handcuffs hang on the back of the chair, so after he ties his ankles to the front legs of the chair, he can lock his wrists in the handcuffs.
The chair is off to the side of the bed, but customers can still see him tied there. For at least three hours, I sit on the bed and talk about my tease and denial life. Almost no question from a customer is off-limits. My husband hears me repeat the questions and my responses. Sometimes, I'll have my husband answer a question, especially if the question is embarrassing.
In addition to sexually teasing my husband, I cuckold him with an old friend from high school, Chuck. I'm not the one being sexually teased. During the show, I'll talk about my sexual activities with Chuck. If I like a customer, I'll role-play meeting the customer and fucking while my husband is tied up and watching us.
Once an hour, I do a $1 gold show with no minimum. Meaning, if one customer pays one dollar, he gets a seven-minute masturbation show. It's kind of backward, but the less money I collect, the more I feel like I'm teasing my husband. I'll let a stranger watch me masturbate for a dollar, but I usually won't let my husband watch me masturbate.
If anyone does an exclusive show with me, I'll involve my husband if that's what the customer wants. Yes, some men pay me to watch me play with my tits right in front of my husband, with the customer knowing that my husband is restrained and can't touch my tits. Of course, he's not allowed to touch them most of the time anyway. A few have paid to see close-ups of my husband's stainless steel chastity cage. Others have paid to watch me smoke and blow smoke in my husband's face. The only thing I won't do is whip or flog my husband. He doesn't like the way that feels, and I understand. He enjoys a slow, steady pain, like being bound to a chair for several hours. I enjoy providing the torments that my husband enjoys.
Sometimes, the Friday night show will go on for several hours. My husband gets sleepy and wants to go to bed, but since he's tied to a chair, he can't go anywhere until I unlock him.
I really enjoy our Friday night shows. I've found a way to sexually tease my husband that I would have otherwise never thought of. I'm glad I saw that ad.
There's a couple of models that I still follow as a customer. What can I say, I enjoy seeing a nice pair of tits on a woman.