Author's note: Desperate Measures is an anthology consisting of stories related by theme, rather than by character, chronology, or storyline. Accordingly, they can be read in any order, as each installment is a stand-alone entry.

* * *

The ball left the shooter's hand at the top of his jump. Spinning backward, it sailed nineteen feet through the air in a perfect arc. The smaller, exhausted defender turned and watched the sphere glide toward the old iron hoop mounted on a heavy-duty steel backboard.
"I own this court!" Russell Johnson bellowed into the sky before the ball had even reached the top of its arc.
Shoof!The ball zipped through the center of the rim, its angled descent barely impeded by the chain netting.
"This is my park, my court, my house! Any of you muthafuckas want to play, you gotta come through me. And Lil' Dick, that'll be twenty-five dollars, cash only."
"Fuck you, asshole," Jamal replied as he reached for his wallet. "Here's your god damned money. I'd stay and win it back, but I have to get my ass to work."
"You do that, Lil' Dick. You go make some more money and then you come back here tomorrow and I'll take it all from you all over again."
"Fuck you."
"Tell me that when you get home from work tonight and I'm fucking your moms with the condoms I bought using this twenty-five dollars. How many magnums can I buy with twenty-five dollars? Oh, that's right--you wouldn't know, 'cause you're Lil' Dick."
The crowd standing around the court whooped and hollered as Jamal hurried through the gate. He turned one last time to see Russell high-fiving everyone in the vicinity; his rock hard, shirtless body glistening with sweat as he slapped the outstretched hands. It was eighty-five degrees outside--probably ninety-five on the blacktop basketball court--and Jamal didn't have time to go home and shower before work.I am so sick of that motherfucker. I've got to find a way to get even.
Jamal turned the corner, crossed the street, and walked toward his rusty old car. Just as he was inserting the key in the door handle, a late model Mercedes AMG sedan pulled up next to him. An opaque window lowered, revealing a well-dressed white man with black hair, blue eyes, brilliant white teeth, and a golden tan.
"Excuse me," the man called to Jamal in a heavy Spanish accent. "I am lost, I think. Can you help me?"
Jamal walked over to the car and peered through the window at the immaculate white leather interior. There was a gym bag, a towel, and two leather basketballs in the backseat. There wasn't a hint of dirt on the carpeting, and the tinted windows were spotless. Every surface of the vehicle--inside and out--sparkled in the afternoon sun.
"Where are you going?" Jamal asked.
"I am looking for the entrance ramp to the interstate one thousand four hundred ninety-five."
"I-495? Which ramp? You are miles from the interstate. Where are you coming from?"
"I was at the radio station channelmil dos ciento ochentafor interview."
"Excuse me? In English, please?"
"I apologize. Radio station one thousand two hundred eighty."
"Twelve eighty? The Spanish station? That's about ten miles from here. You're lost, my friend."
"I am already certain that you are correct. Now can you help me to get to the interstate one thousand four hundred ninety-five?"
"I-495."
"Right. Whatever."
"Yeah, sure, give me a second. OK, you need to take Tenth Avenue to West Thirty-fourth Street, turn right and go about two miles, and then when you get just past Third Avenue start looking for the entrance ramp on the left. I think. You should see signs when you get close."
"Thank you my dark-skinned American friend...."
"African-American."
"Yes, I am sure. Anyway, have a good day to you."
"Wait. Why don't you just punch the destination into the car's GPS? This car has to have GPS."
"Indeed it does. I already tried that. But I could not understand the directions, so I tried to switch to Spanish. I am from Spain, you see. So I tried to switch the voice to Spanish, but it spoke to me in very unfriendly German. My mistake. I cannot understand to speak or listen in German. That is why I am now lost in your ghetto street."
"I see. Well, first of all, be careful who you're talking to when you describe this neighborhood as a ghetto. Not everyone is going to be as understanding of your language barrier as I am. Second, just follow those directions I gave you and good luck. And be careful. This neighborhood isn't particularly friendly to white foreigners such as yourself."
"I am thanking you for your care. You are most helpful. Can I buy you cup of coffee?"
"Coffee? Who drinks coffee at this time of day? Make it a beer, and I'm in."
"Very good. Let us go enjoy a beer, my new blackened American friend."
"African-American."
"Of course."

* * *

Fifteen minutes later, Jamal was seated next to the Spaniard at an ancient wooden bar. He checked his watch while he waited for the bartender to pour his beer.Ten minutes. All I can spare is ten minutes.
"What is your hurry?" the Spaniard asked Jamal. "We have all afternoon. I missed my luncheon appointment, and my next meeting is not until 6:00."
"I don't have all day. I have to get to work, amigo."
The bartender set two mugs of beer in front of Jamal and the Spaniard. The Spaniard opened his wallet and placed a $100 bill on top of the bar. Jamal's eyes widened.
"To my new African friend!" the Spaniard said as he lifted his mug in the air. "Salud!"
"Shhhh! Keep your voice down. My name is Jamal Walker, by the way. And thank you for the beer."
"You are very welcome, Jamal Walker. You can call me Sergio--Sergio de la Cruz."
"Nice to meet you, Sergio."
"Tell me, Jamal, why must I keep my voice down? We are the only ones in here."
"It's not going to stay that way--especially with you flashing hundred dollar bills around. I'm just trying to keep your ass in one piece. A big white foreigner driving a brand new AMG and throwing hundred dollar bills away like sheets of toilet paper is just asking for trouble."
"You are a wise man, Jamal. I have been to this country many times, but this is the first time I have ever been lost in one of your ghettos. I am thank you for your concern."
"Don't mention it. I'm sure you would do the same for me if our situations were reversed."
"What is your situation, Jamal?"
"My situation? I ball in the morning and then work second shift at the dry cleaning factory. I go home after work, drink a few beers, and then go to bed. I get up in the morning and do it all over again."
"Are you on a professional team? Your NBA players are the best in the world."
"No, nothing like that. I play at the park for $25 a game. Lately, I barely make enough money to cover my losses to that fucking asshole Russell."
"Who is this Russell?"
"Russell Montgomery is the mother fucker who thinks he owns the god damned park. He played two years at St. Johns, then declared himself available for the draft. Nobody picked him, but he signed a free agent contract with the Lakers. He got cut right before the season started and came back here. That was four years ago. He's been at the park ever since."
"Is he good?"
"Best baller on this side of town. He makes his living hustling niggas that don't recognize him--and fools like me who do."
"How much have you lost to him?"
"I couldn't tell you. I stopped counting at $5000, and that was over a year ago."
"Are you good player?"
"I was All-State my senior year of high school. I started four years at CCNY. I can ball."
"But you can't beat Russell?"
"I can beat him once in a while, but he wins about nine out of every ten from me. That's why I'm down over five grand."
"What does this Russell look like?"
"Just go to the park and ask for a game. He'll find you."
"I have the afternoon free. Maybe I will go and play Mr. Russell."
"Leave your money in your car, and park out of sight. If he sees you're loaded, he'll take every cent you're carrying."
"Thank's for the warning, Jamal. I will place it in the front of my brain. Stop by the park after you finish to work, and see how I am doing. Maybe I am winning some of your money back for you."
"That would be great, but don't worry about it. I don't want to see you go into debt for me."
"I think I can handle Mr. Russell."
"In that case, good luck, and I'll try to stop by and see how you're doing."
"Thank you, my friend Jamal."

* * * *

Sergio parked his car two blocks from the park. He reached into the backseat, opened his bag, and removed a pair of shorts, a tank top, a pair of athletic socks, and shoes. The windows of his AMG were tinted so dark that they were nearly opaque; he was not worried about being watched while he changed his clothes. Rather, his concern was that the passenger compartment was rather tight for his six-foot, five-inch frame. Sergio twisted and squirmed in the front seat, banging his head against the glass, his knees against the steering wheel, and his hands against the ceiling. Eventually, he emerged from his car dressed to play. He grabbed his bag and a basketball, locked the vehicle, and dribbled along the sidewalk as he walked the two blocks to the park.
Once inside the fence, Sergio had no problem locating Russell. There were games in progress on several different courts, but the biggest crowd was watching a one-on-one contest between two tall, dark-skinned men in flawless physical shape. At least forty people were crowded around the court as the two players hustled back and forth. The crowd kept score, hooting and hollering every time Russell made a shot. The contest ended a few minutes later, with Russell winning fifteen-three.
"Those three points were a gift," Russell barked at his taller opponent. "I would have shut you out, but I was feeling generous today."
"Bullshit," the other man sneered. "I just wasn't right. Come back tomorrow, and I'll whip your ass good."
"I'll be here. You can find me here every day of the week. This is my mother fuckin' house, motherfucker. Now lay down the $250 you owe me, and come back when you got some game, you lame-ass pussy."
"Fuck you, nigga. Take yo damn money."
The taller man pulled a wad of bills out of his shorts, peeled off $250, and threw the money at Russell.
"I'm not finished with you. I'll be back."
"Please, do. You can be my personal ATM. If I see your ass here tomorrow, I'll have a shirt for you that says 'Russell's ATM.' Now who's got next? Anybody?"
Sergio stood at the back of the crowd and watched. No one had noticed him, despite his height and the fact that he was the lightest person in a park that was otherwise filled with African-Americans and Hispanics.
"I'm gonna go get my drink on if no one else steps up."
Sergio had intended to watch Russell play another game or two before taking the court; but with no other challengers in sight, it appeared that he was in danger of missing his opportunity.I have meetings all day tomorrow, and possibly throughout the rest of the week. This might be my only chance.
"I will play with you!" Sergio called to Russell over the heads of the crowd. "I play next!"
The crowd turned in Sergio's direction and gasped.
"Excuse me," he said as the crowd parted and he stepped toward Russell.
"Who the fuck are you?" Russell bellowed. "Who let this white bread cracker in the park?"
A chorus of jeers arose in opposition to Sergio. Undeterred, he walked to Russell and handed him the ball.
"I am play next. Let's go."
"You got money, mother fucker? You don't play on my court for free."
"Yes! Twenty-five dollars! Right here. Let's go."
"Unh-uh. It's a hundred dollars for you."
"Fifty."
"It's a hundred dollars, or you don't play. And I'm keeping this ball just because you're wasting my time."
"A hundred dollars? OK. Let's run."
Russell reached for Sergio's money before he had a chance to put it back in his shorts.
"C'mere, baby," Russell called. "Hold my beer money. I'm gonna be ready to cool off in about ten minutes."
An Hispanic woman wearing cut-off shorts and a too small bikini top stepped forward to take the bills from Russell. She tucked the money between her grapefruit-sized breasts, already slick with sweat in the afternoon sun. Her thick, dark nipples were clearly visible through the thin nylon and polyester triangles straining to contain her jiggling orbs. An inch of round ass cheek protruded from the bottom of her cut-offs. A roll of bills bulged in the back pocket of her skin tight shorts, held in place by the flesh of her well-rounded ass. When she walked, the upper edge of her G-string was visible from the back of her shorts.
"Do it, baby," she said. "Send this foreign fuck back to where ever the hell he came from."
The crowd whooped and hollered as the two men walked toward the three-point line. Not one person in the crowd thought that Sergio stood a chance against Russell. Nonetheless, bets were quickly placed on both players.
"OK, bitch, you know the rules," Russell jeered. "Game's to fifteen, win by two. All shots are one point. Make it--take it. Defensive rebounds come back to the line. Any questions?"
"Just one," Sergio answered. "Is she holding your money, too?"
"You're funny, cracker. Everyone knows I never lose."
"Let me see your money."
"You wanna see my money, bitch? Alright. Yesenia, show this mother fucker my money."
The woman reached into her back pocket and pulled out a wad of bills. She held it in the air, flipped through it, and then stuffed the stack back into her pocket.
"Satisfied?"
"I had to make sure that you are not filled up with shit."
"Let's do this, pussy face."
Russell walked to the three-point line, his dark skin glistening in the bright sunlight. He was six-feet, seven-inches of lean, rippling muscle. Standing shirtless with the ball tucked under one arm, he appeared to have zero percent body fat. His sculpted back formed a perfect 'V'; his long arms and longer legs tensed like tightly coiled steel springs.
"My ball," Russell announced.
Sergio held out the ball. Russell snatched it from his hands, and then as Sergio was settling into a defensive crouch, Russell stepped past him, bounced the ball once, leapt into the air and shot the ball through the hoop. The crowd erupted in cheers.
"One, zip," Russell spat.
Sergio retrieved the ball and walked back to the three-point line. This time, he settled into position before tossing the ball to Russell.
Russell caught the ball, head-faked right, and then cut to his left, dribbling the ball between his legs as he passed Sergio. Sergio crumpled to the ground as he tried to twist in both directions. Russell stopped at the left elbow, jumped into the air, and sank another uncontested jump shot. The crowd roared.
"Break your ankles, bitch?" Russell taunted.
"My ankles are unbroken," Sergio replied as he stood up. "You are very quick, yes?"
"I'm still warming up, cunt. When I shift it into high gear, all you'll be seeing is the bottom of my shoes."
"Hurry up, Russell," Yesenia called. "We've got to go pick up mama, you know."
"Just hold tight. I'll be done here before this mother fucker even takes a shot."
Sergio tossed the ball to Russell, who immediately went up and launched a twenty-three foot jumper. The ball clanged off the rim and bounced in Sergio's direction. Sergio snagged the rebound out of the air, dribbled to the three-point line, turned, and then streaked for the rim. He bounced the ball twice before leaping, the ball held high in the air as he approached the rim. Just as Sergio was about to slam the ball through the hole, Russell appeared out of nowhere and swatted it away.
"Nobody dunks in my house!" Russell bellowed. "No niggas, no crackers, and especially no Euro-trash Spanish-speaking foreigners!"
The crowd roared. Russell grabbed his crotch and leered at Yesenia, who was jumping up and down so much that her breasts threatened to escape the confines of her bikini top. Her nipples jutted through the thin fabric, which was doing all it could to keep them covered.
Sergio retrieved the ball and walked to the three-point line. He tossed the ball to Russell, who slapped it back. Sergio put the ball on the floor, turned, and backed into Russell. He faked right and then left, but continued to back Russell into the paint. Once he was at the foul line, Sergio spun and lofted a fade-away jump shot that caromed off the backboard and fell through the hole.
"Two, one," Sergio grunted.
Sergio made his next three shots before missing. Russell made the next shot, and then the two men exchanged baskets for ten minutes.
"Fourteen, thirteen," Sergio said. "Game point."
Russell launched a jumper from the corner. The ball bounced back and forth between the rim and the backboard, then rolled off the rim. Sergio scooped the rebound, dribbled to the line, and shot a twenty-one footer. The ball sailed through the rim, touching only the chain netting.
"Game."
Sergio turned and walked toward the crowd. He spotted Yesenia and approached her.
"I will be collecting my money from your bikini," he said as he extended his hand.
"Don't touch me!" Yesenia snapped as she swatted Sergio's hand away. "Here's your damn chump change."
Yesenia reached for the money in her bikini top, pulled some bills out of her pants pocket, and tossed the wad at Sergio.
"Wait!" Russell shouted. "You can't just walk away. You have to give me a chance to win my money back. Don't they teach you Euros any manners before you leave the Fatherland?"
"Of course, of course," Sergio answered. "We play one more time."
Once again sides were drawn and bets were placed between the spectators. Sergio picked the $200 off the ground and stuffed it between Yesenia's breasts.
"I like it when my money sleeps between your breasts," he said. "It makes me play harder."
"You better watch yourself, trick. My man's gonna run you down, beat you up, and leave you broker than a two-dollar whore on Easter Sunday."
"I play better when you talk dirty to me. Here, rub my ball for luck."
Sergio held the basketball in front of her.
"Get that shit out of my face!" she answered, slapping the ball away.
"My ball!" Sergio called to Russell.
Sergio walked to three-point line, tossed the ball to Russell, who in turn tossed it back to Sergio.
"Zero, zero."
Sergio dribbled right, cut left, spun, and then dashed toward the hoop. He found his path blocked by Russell, who stole the ball and laid it in for the first bucket.
"One, zero."
Russell fired off five straight buckets before Sergio touched the ball again. Five minutes later the score was twelve - five, and Russell had the ball.
"Three more, baby," Yesenia shouted. "Three more."
Russell faked to the right, then stepped back and sank a shot from behind the three-point line.
"Thirteen, five," Russell said.
"Come on, baby, come on!" Yesenia yelled. "Do it, baby!"
Sergio tossed the ball to Russell. Russell put the ball on the ground, turned, and backed into Sergio. He feinted left, then right, and flipped a floater at the rim. The ball circled the rim twice and then rolled off. The crowd groaned.
Sergio grabbed the rebound and dribbled to the line. He took a hard step forward, then pulled up and shot. The ball sailed through the hoop.
"Thirteen, six," Sergio said.
Sergio drove past Russell and laid the ball into the hole. On his next six possessions he backed Russell into the paint over and over, flipping a variety of shots through the rim almost every time. On the two occasions he missed, he beat Russell to the rebound and made short jumpers. In less than five minutes he cut the lead to thirteen - twelve.
"Alright, alright," Russell said. "You can play. You're a baller. Let's make this game a little more interesting."
"I'm listening," Sergio replied. "What's on your mind?"
"Let's up the bet."
"How much?"
"Five hundred."
"Five hundred? I don't know. You're already ahead."
"You've already got my money. Are you a pussy, or what? Open your fucking purse and pull out some more money, bitch."
"Let's do it. I'm good."
"Baby!" Russell shouted at Yesenia. "Get out four bills!"
"What the fuck you saying, Russell? You know I gotta pay the rent this week."
"Just do it, baby. I got this."
"You better know what you're doing. If you fuck this up, I'll cut you off."
"Don't worry. I'm about to take care of business."
Sergio peeled another four hundred dollar bills out of his pocket and handed them to Yesenia.
"Keep these warm," he said. "I will like them to smell like your breasts when you give them back to me."
"Shut the fuck up. You ain't ever gonna see this money again."
Sergio walked back onto the court. Russell flipped the ball to him. Sergio dribbled to his right and launched a fifteen foot jumper. The ball clanged off the rim. Russell pounced on the rebound, dribbled to the line, and sank a twenty-one footer. The crowd whooped and hollered.
"Fourteen, twelve. Time to get paid."
Sergio handed the ball to Russell, who blew right past him and jammed home a thunderous dunk.
"Game."
Yesenia danced onto the court, shaking her ass and jiggling her breasts with every step.
"I knew you could do it, baby. I knew it."
"I told you it was in the bank. Nobody beats me here."
"One more?" Sergio interrupted.
"Bitch--haven't you learned your lesson yet?"
"It would be rude to not give me a chance to win my money back, right?"
"I gotta give you credit, Euro, you're learning. Give your money to Yesenia."
"A thousand, this time?"
"Sure, I'll take your thousand--cash only."
Sergio reached into his pocket and counted ten hundred dollar bills. He folded them in half, handed the stack to Yesenia, and returned to the court.
"One, two, three," Yesenia counted. "Four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, a thousand--it's all here, baby. Take him out."
"Zero, zero," Sergio said, tossing the ball to Russell.
Russell made the first shot, but his second shot clanged off the rim. Sergio grabbed the rebound and a sank a rainbow from the corner. He then rattled off six more shots before missing. The ball grazed Russell's fingers as it veered out of bounds.
"Seven, one," Sergio growled as he flipped the ball to Russell.
Russell slapped the ball with his massive black hand, but he held it rather than pass it back to Sergio.
"Don't count your money yet, Euro," he said to Sergio. "I'm still gonna whip your ass."
"I think I like my chances in this one," Sergio answered. "It's seven, one. Are you ready to finish it?"
"Ho-hold on. Just a second. I'll tell you what. I'm so sure that you aren't going to score another point, I'll raise the bet to $3000. What do you say?"
"It's seven, one. Are your American schools so bad that they don't teach you basic mathematics? Don't understand I am too far ahead of you?"
"If you think it's a done deal, then put up the money--another $2000. What do you have to lose? Or don't you have that much cash?"
"It will make me happy to take all of your money from you. But please, try to make another shot so I do not get arrested for robbery."
"Just count out the bills and get ready to kiss them good-bye. I'm about to unleash a major league whooping on your white ass."
Sergio counted out another two thousand dollars and handed them to Yesenia. Her eyes brightened as she counted the bills before stuffing them in the back pocket of her shorts.
"Take it, bitch," Russell sneered at Sergio.
Russell threw the ball at Sergio and then settled into a defensive crouch. Sergio caught the ball, dribbled back a step, and launched a shot from beyond the arc. The ball jangled in the rim, then bounced out. Russell scooped up the rebound and dribbled to the edge of the circle.
"You better get out of my way, Euro," Russell chided, "unless you want to go home with Spalding tattooed all over your face."
Russell bounced the ball twice, then blew past Sergio. He took off at the foul line, hung in the air for a few seconds, and then came down with a rim-rattling slam dunk. Sergio just stood at mid-court and stared.
"Yeah, I recognize that stupid look on your face. I've seen it before. You're beginning to understand the kind of trouble you're in. I hope that wasn't your rent money or something like that, 'cause you must be smart enough to know by now that you aren't seeing any of that money coming back. It's mine, bitch. Mine. Accept the truth, and this will go easier for you. Fight it, and you'll think I'm fucking you in the ass with a cactus."
Sergio retrieved the ball and tossed it to Russell. Russell sank his next six shots to take his first lead of the game at 8-7.
"Do you wanna quit now, or should we continue?"
"The game is to fifteen. You are only at eight."
"Do you know who I am? This is Russell mother fucking Montgomery you're talking to. I never fucking lose. This is my park. These are my people. Ask anyone here. I never fucking lose. Ican'tlose."
"So you say. Let's play."
"Alright, bitch. But I'm done playing around with you. This game is over."
"Do it, baby!" Yesenia cheered from the sideline. "Time to get paid!"
Sergio bounced the ball to Russell. Russell grabbed the ball, dribbled right, faked to his left, then blew past Sergio--who went to the ground as he tried to catch up. Russell slammed an uncontested dunk.
"What happened? Break your ankles again?" Russell taunted. "That shit happens sometimes, especially when you're playing against me. You should probably get an x-ray or something. Nine, seven."
Sergio pulled himself off the ground, retrieved the ball, and limped back to the line. He handed the ball to Russell, then settled back to defend. Russell dribbled to his right, then reverse dribbled to his left, spinning around the hobbled Sergio--whose feet seemed to be anchored in cement. Russell pulled up and sank a ten footer over Sergio's outstretched arms.
"Ten, seven. You ready to concede?"
"No. We play. Double the bet?"
Russell howled with laughter.
"You're joking, right? You can't even run. Hell, you couldn't beat that little cocksucker, Jamal. You shouldn't even dream about playing me right now. You couldn't win if you was healthy, and you ain't healthy now. You're a fucking cripple. Face it, you can't win, bitch."
"Are you afraid?"
"Afraid of you? Aw, hell no. Hell no! Show me the money, and it's on."
Sergio reached into his pocket and pulled out another three thousand dollars. He handed the bills to Yesenia, who stuffed them into her pocket.
"You're taking me out tonight!" Yesenia shouted. "You hear me Russell? I'm putting on a dress and we're going out somewherenice."
"Anywhere you want, baby. It don't matter to me."
"Ten, seven." Sergio glared, tossing the ball to Russell.
Just as he did the previous time he had the ball, Russell dribbled right and then spun to his left. Sergio anticipated the move, slid into the lane, and deflected the ball away from Russell. He beat Russell to the lose ball, dribbled to the corner, and sank a twenty-one footer.
"Ten, eight."
Sergio made his next two shots to tie the game. He missed a turn around jumper from the top of the key, and Russell beat him to the rebound. Russell dribbled to the line, then streaked past Sergio and slammed the ball through the hole.
"Eleven, ten."
Over the next ten minutes the two men exchanged hard-earned baskets. Meanwhile, the crowd swelled in the afternoon heat. Money continued to exchange hands as bets were placed on every shot. Yesenia jumped up and down every time Russell made a shot, and cursed whenever Sergio scored. Wads of cash bulged out her pockets and her jiggling bikini top.
"Fourteen all," Russell announced as he gasped for air. "Two more buckets, and I win,"
"You will not going to win. Two more buckets by me, and the money your little girlfriend is keeping warm will be mine. I will enjoy the scent of her big juicy breasts every time I spend a dollar of it."
"Bitch, I'm going to take your money and then I'm gonna fuck you all the way back to Europe or wherever the hell your sorry ass came from. I'm gonna put a cap in your ass and then fuck your dead skull."
"If you are so confident, then let's double the bet."
"You're on, faggot."
"Russell!" Yesenia shouted.
"Be quiet!" Russell barked at Yesenia. "I've got this."
"Let me see your money, first," Sergio said.
"Let me see yours."
"Show me yours and I show you mine, is it? OK, no problem. Give me five minutes to go to my car, and then I'll show you mine."
"If you aren't back in five minutes, you forfeit. Understand?"
"Like I say, there are no problems. And your girlfriend has your money?"
"Don't worry, I've got it covered."
Sergio turned around and jogged toward the fence. Jeers followed him as he exited through the gate and disappeared around the corner.
"Russell, are you out of your fucking mind?" Yesenia screamed.
"Shit, that mother fucker ain't coming back. In five minutes, all the money you're holding is ours."
"And if he does?"
"Then I take him down."
"Baby, we don't have enough cash to cover the bet."
"I said, don't worry about it. That shiny ass Euro-trash piece of shit can't beat me. I've been playing with that pussy all afternoon. I know every move he has, and when he's going to use them. Hell, I know what he's going to do even before he does. That bitch couldn't beat me on his best day. I've got that mother fucker right where I want him."
"I think you're underestimating him. Think about it--why would a white guy who barely speaks English bring his ass down to this park to play if he didn't have game?"
"Oh, he's got game. No doubt about that. He's just not in my league. I'm just saying..."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah--you're just saying. That's what you always say right before you get your black ass in trouble. That's what you said the day you lost your job, the day you got our butts evicted from our last apartment, the day your baby mama got you arrested for violating the restraining order--I could go on and on."
"Bitch! I'm working here. This park is my office. One more minute and we're six thousand dollars richer. Now go sit your fat ass down and wait for me to finish my business."
A cheer went up from the crowd, the gate swung open, and Sergio jogged back onto the court. He was sporting a dry t-shirt and carrying a case of ice cold Gatorade, which he distributed to the crowd.
"Six thousand dollars," he announced as he handed the stack of bills to Yesenia. "And now, where is your money?"
"Don't worry. I'm good for it."
"I have shown you mine, now it is time to see yours. Let me see it."
"I said, I'm good for it. Everyone here knows that."
"Mr. Russell, you and I are men. We have a bet. I obtained my money and produced it on the good faith of your promise to also obtain the money. Where I come from, if you cannot produce your money, then you have forfeited the bet and I win."
"Russell! God damn you, Russell!" Yesenia screamed.
"Bitch, I'm good for it! Now let's run."
"Mr. Russell, if you cannot produce your money, then I will win. Do you have the money?"
"Look, I'm good for the cash. Let's play."
"I am sorry, Mr. Russell, but I am going to call this a forfeit."
"Bitch, you can't beat me and you know it. You're starting to piss me off. Now, let's go."
"Unless you can come up with another $6000 in cash or something of equal value, then I have already won."
"What do you mean, 'equal value'?"
"Do you have a watch, some gold jewelry?"
"Not worth that much."
"A car?"
"I got a car."
"Russell!" Yesenia screamed.
"What kind of car?" Sergio asked.
"Cadillac--CTS," Russell answered.
"What year?"
"2006."
"Go get the title, sign it over to me, give it to your girlfriend along with the keys, and then we're good."
"Russell!" Yesenia repeated. "You are not betting my car!"
"Relax, baby. Everything's under control."
"I am going to kill you. You know I need my car to get around town for work."
"Bitch--I said everything's under control. This Euro pussy can't beat me."
"Russell--I swear..."
"Shut it, dammit. Go get the title and come right back."
Yesenia stormed off the court. Russell high-fived some of the bystanders surrounding the court, while Sergio dribbled to the three-point line and practiced his shot. He clanged several shots off the rim, while Russell looked on and trash talked with the bystanders. Someone tossed a ball to Russell, who then turned and flipped it through the hoop without even looking at the basket.
"I told ya," he said to the crowd, "I can't lose."
Fifteen minutes later, Yesenia returned. With a pen and a small piece of blue paper in hand, she walked in Russell's direction.
"You better know what the fuck you're doing, asshole," she barked. "This is my car, you know. We only put it in your name because of that IRS problem I had last year."
"Your car's going to be fine. And after I sink two more shots, we'll have enough money to trade it in and get that Mercedes you wanted."
"You promise?"
"I promise. Now go sit down and shut the fuck up while I take care of business."
Yesenia walked off the court. Russell took the ball and flipped it to Sergio.
"Fourteen all," Sergio announced. "Win by two."
Sergio tossed the ball to Russell. Russell dribbled right, spun around, and backed into Sergio. He faked right, then left, then right again. Russell backed up a step and launched a seventeen foot jumper from the right side of the court. Sergio leaped into the air and swatted the ball into the crowd.
"Your ball," Sergio said.
A bystander tossed the ball to Russell. Russell flipped the ball to Sergio, who slapped it back to Russell. Russell dribbled to his left, then cut to his right. He spun around Sergio and drove for the backboard. Russell dribbled once, then lunged toward the hoop. At the apex of his leap he rolled the ball off his fingers. Just as the ball was about to carom off the backboard and through the hoop, Sergio soared in from behind and pinned the ball against the steel surface. Sergio retrieved the rebound and dribbled back to the circle.
Astonished, Russell stood still for a second before hustling to the center of the court.
"Check?" Sergio asked.
"Play it." Russell answered.
Sergio jumped into the air and launched the ball. Russell jumped to block it, but his fingers caught only air. The ball sailed through the hoop, touching only chain. Russell stared in disbelief, then retrieved the ball and threw it at Sergio.
"Fifteen, fourteen," he said.
"Game point," Sergio added.
Sergio took the ball and dribbled to his right. He backed Russell into the corner, and then spun back toward the center of the court. He dribbled left, then right, then left again. He waited until Russell's ankles were pointed in two different directions, and then accelerated past him. Sergio jumped at the rim and slammed the ball through with both hands.
"Game!" he yelled.
The crowd went silent for a second, and then pandemonium broke out. Half the crowd whooped and hollered, happy to see Russell finally lose. The other half was stunned, unable to accept the possibility that Russell could actually be defeated. Every baller there had lost money to him. Some were hustled for twenty-five dollars, others for much more.
One person was off by himself, drinking in the moment. Jamal stood beneath the rim at the far end of the court, an insane grin painted on his face. While he would have been happy just to witness the defeat of his nemesis, having played an active part in Russell's downfall made the moment so much sweeter. His gaze swept back and forth from Russell's shocked face to Sergio's exultant swagger. Out of the corner of his eye he spotted Yesenia sneaking through the commotion.
"Yesenia?" Sergio called into the crowd. "Yesenia!"
Standing a head taller than everyone except Russell, Sergio had little difficulty locating Yesenia as she edged her way through the crowd in the direction of the gate. Sergio locked eyes with Jamal and then tilted his head toward Yesenia. Jamal nodded, and then strode in Yesenia's direction. He intercepted her before she could leave the court.
"Going somewhere, Yesenia?" Jamal asked.
"Get out of my way," she sneered.
"Don't you have a little unfinished business?"
"I don't know what you're talking about. Now get the fuck out of my way."
"I'm not going anywhere. You've got something in your pocket that no longer belongs to you."
"What does this have to do with you?"
"Nothing, really. I just want to make sure Russell pays his bets. You've certainly collected enough money when Russell wins--especially from me."
"Did you...?"
"Yesenia!" Sergio bellowed. "That is your name, right--Yesenia?"
"Leave me alone."
"Just give me the keys and the title and you'll never see me again."
"You can't have them. It's my car. I need it for work."
"It'smycar now."
"Russell!" Yesenia screamed. "Russell! Get your ass over here!"
Russell forced his towering, sweaty body through the crowd. By the time he reached Yesenia, a circle of onlookers surrounded her and Sergio.
"Let's go, Jess," Russell mumbled.
"Hold on," Sergio interrupted. "Nobody is going anywhere until you hand over the title and keys."
"Fuck you, bitch," Russell said without conviction. "I'm taking my girl and we're going home."
"Not before we settle up."
"Jess, give him his money," Russell said to Yesenia. "Take the money, and we'll call it even. You can't have the car."
"Mr. Russell, that's not how I do business. We made a wager. We played. You lost. I win the car. That's all there is to it."
"Listen, Euro-asshole. You can't have the car. I don't know how you beat me, but you can't have it. Now just take your money and go."
"Mr. Russell, I don't have time for this. I'm not going to ask you again. Give me the title and the keys, and then you are free to go."
"Free to go?! What the fuck are you talking about, bitch? This is my park. These are my people. Nobody's going to let you walk out of here with the keys to my car."
Sergio nodded.
Click.
A hulking figure with a shaved head and sunglasses placed a gun barrel to the back of Russell's head.
"Mr. Russell--my car keys."
"Russell!" Yesenia screamed. "That's my car! Russell! Russell!"
"I was afraid you would renege on our wager, Mr. Russell, so I took the liberty of calling my bodyguards." Sergio nodded at two armed brutes milling about the crowd.
"Who the fuckareyou?" Russell asked.
"Let me introduce myself. I am Sergio--Sergio de la Cruz. Now, the title and my keys?"
"Give them to him, Jess."
"Russell! No! I have to work tomorrow morning! I'll lose my job if I don't give Mr. Whitaker his shots by eight."
"Jess, it's over. There's a gun pressed against my head. Give him the keys. You can take the bus."
"Please!" Yesenia sobbed. "Please! I have to work! I'm a nurse! I have to be at Mrs. Sylvester's apartment to change her oxygen tank by two. I don't have time to wait for the bus."
"Yesenia?" Sergio asked.
"Please! It's not his car. It's mine--it's always been mine. I can't work without it. I have to be able to get around the city. Please! Russell, do something!"
"Sergio...Mr. Cruz..." Russell pleaded.
"Sr. de la Cruz," Sergio corrected.
"Sr. de la Cruz. Let's play one more game--double or nothing."
"Mr. Russell, you've lost everything. You don't have anything else to bet. If you did, I wouldn't own your girlfriend's car. I'm afraid there is no point to play another game."
"Please. Let's talk, man-to-man. There has to be some way we can work this out."
"What do you have in mind?"
"I don't know. There has to be something I can do."
"There is one way."
"How? I'll do whatever you want."
"Do you want to drive this car home?"
"Yes."
"Then get down on your knees and suck my cock,bitch."
"What?"
"You heard me. Suck my cock--right here, right now. You told everyone that after you won you were going to put a cap in my ass and fuck my skull. Well, you didn't win--Iwon. So, I'm going to fuck your skull."
A roar of laughter rose up from the crowd.
"You Euro-trash faggot! I ain't sucking nobody's dick! Keep the fucking piece-of-shit car!"
"Is that your final answer?"
"Hell yes. Keep the car, faggot."
"Russell!" Yesenia sobbed. "Do something! I need my car!"
"You want the car that bad? Then you suck his dick!"
The crowd broke out into a chant.
"SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK!"
"Let me go," Russell mumbled. "Jess, let's go."
"No! I need my car."
"Jess!"
"I can't, Russell. You know I can't. I'll get fired if I can't make it to my appointments."
"You stay, then. I'm leaving."
"Take him away," Sergio ordered.
The man with the gun directed Russell to the gate.
"Jess! Let's go! Now!" Russell yelled in her direction.
"I need my god damn car!" Yesenia cried. "I need it. I'll lose my job. You know I can't work without my car."
Russell exited through the gate with Sergio's bodyguard in tow. The bodyguard marched him to the corner, then watched him walk away.
Yesenia stared in Russell's direction until he disappeared around the corner. She turned and looked up at Sergio, her moist eyes pleading.
"Please?"
Sergio looked down at Yesenia. Salty tears were streaming down her checks. Her mascara-streaked face was framed by the dark curls of her sweat-soaked hair. Her breasts were almost entirely visible beneath the small triangles of fabric holding them in place.
"Please, Mr. de la Cruz?"
Sergio tossed the basketball to Jamal. He put his hands on the waistband of his shorts, pulled them to his knees, grabbed his limp cock, and said, "Suck it."
"SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK!"
Yesenia looked around the park. More tears welled up in her eyes. She tried to feign defiance, but she didn't have the energy. She sank to her knees, wrapped her small hand around the flaccid shaft, and examined the cock in her palm. It was wet with sweat, pale against her caramel-colored skin, and much bigger than she expected.
The crowd closed in around Yesenia and Sergio, forming a tight ring that blocked the view of them from the street.
"Jamal!," Sergio called. "Toss me a towel from my bag!"
Jamal located Sergio's duffel bag, removed a towel, and tossed it to him. Sergio caught the towel, folded it, and wiped Yesenia's face. He then handed her the towel.
"Put it under your knees," he directed.
"Please," she sobbed. "Don't make me do it."
"Unless you can pay me the money I'm owed, it's the only way you're driving away in that car."
Yesenia rocked back on her toes, placed the towel on the pavement, and knelt on it. She looked up at Sergio, who was slowly rotating his hips, swinging his cock from side to side.
"It's up to you," he said.
Yesenia's shoulders sagged. She grabbed Sergio's cock, parted her lips, and kissed the crown. She inhaled his male aroma--pungent from his prior exertions--and swallowed the head. The shaft swelled and lengthened as she closed her lips around the glans. The taste of sweat and musk overwhelmed her tongue, assaulted her brain and brought more water to her eyes. The shaft swelled in her mouth, filling her cheeks as it became rigid. She swirled her tongue around the head, bathing it with her saliva, and tickling the head with the curled tip.
"SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK!"
The sound of the crowd flooded her ears. Her face got hotter and her eyes got wetter. Yesenia reached up with her free hand and cupped Sergio's nut sack. His hairy balls were even sweatier than his cock. She closed her eyes as the cock grew to its full length. She wrapped her hand around the base and bobbed her head back and forth, swallowing as much of the shaft as could fit into her mouth. Sergio's cock wasn't quite as long as Russell's, but it was much thicker--it stretched her jaws to their maximum. Yesenia used all of her concentration to avoid scraping her teeth on the meaty shaft gliding past her lips.
"SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK!"
Tears continued to roll down Yesenia's cheeks. Between the evening sun and her shame, her face had never been hotter. She blocked out crowd's derisive chanting and focused her full attention on the cock filling her mouth. She applied a slight pressure to Sergio's nut sack with her left hand, and stroked the base of the shaft with her right.
"SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK!"
The heat spread from her flushed face to her heaving breasts. Her nipples hardened into pebbles visible through her bikini. They had become just as rigid as the cock that was stretching her jaws. The men closest to her pointed at her nipples and whistled. Yesenia ignored the derisive jeers, and instead focused her attention on the cock in her mouth.
"SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK!"
Sergio grasped the thick black hair on either side of Yesenia's bobbing face. He held her head in place and then thrust his hips back and forth, forcing his cock to the back of her throat. He pushed the shaft past her lips until her gag reflex kicked in and Yesenia coughed. A stream of saliva ran down her chin and dripped onto her chest.
"SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK!"
Another flush of heat surged through Yesenia's body. The burning in her face spread past her breasts, across her belly, and found a home in her crotch. Her skin was on fire, but all she could think about was the cock in her mouth and the two hands clutching her hair.
Sergio glanced at Jamal, nodded toward Yesenia, and then made a motion with his hands. Jamal returned a puzzled look. Sergio repeated the motion, circling his fingers and then spreading them apart. Jamal pointed at Yesenia and copied Sergio's motion. Sergio nodded in approval.
Jamal knelt behind Yesenia, untied her bikini top, and pulled it away. Her heavy, sweaty breasts were exposed to the crowd. The onlookers gasped. The men--many of them grabbing their crotches--shouted their approval, while some of the women derided her as a whore. Everyone with a cell phone snapped pictures.
Yesenia continued sucking Sergio's cock. She was so intent on the task, that she seemed unaware that her breasts were on public display.
Sergio once again made eye contact with Jamal. He pressed the thumb and fore-finger of each hand together and pointed at Yesenia. Jamal pointed to himself, repeated the motion, and looked back at Sergio. Sergio nodded.
Jamal's hands circled Yesenia's torso, found her stiff nipples, and pinched them.
"Aaaaaaaaaah!," she moaned.
Yesenia's focus had been confined to the cock sawing back and forth in her mouth. She did not notice the heat spreading throughout her body. She had paid no attention to the hands loosening the straps on her bikini top. But when Jamal's fingers squeezed her nipples, a firestorm erupted in her body. Her legs buckled as a wave of pleasure wracked her torso. When Jamal squeezed a second time--harder, longer and more insistent--Yesenia almost fell over. She lost her grip on Sergio's balls, and the shaft slipped out of her mouth.
"Again," she panted. "Pinch them again."
Jamal squeezed her nipples one more time. Yesenia became aware of the heat between her thighs. She realized that the moisture inside her panties wasn't merely sweat--it was that, but it was also a liquid manifestation of the need that was on the verge of overwhelming her. The shame and humiliation had not diminished; they were subsumed in the heat spreading from her nipples and thighs.
Sergio placed a hand on the back of Yesenia's head and pushed her face against his cock. She looked up, locked eyes with him, and opened her mouth. She swallowed as much of the shaft as she could take. She wanted to swallow all of it, but her mouth wouldn't stretch wide enough to do so. She bobbed her head furiously, eager to taste his juice.
"SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK! SUCK THAT DICK!"
Sergio felt his pleasure rising. He looked at Jamal and signaled for him to pinch Yesenia's nipples again. Jamal knelt behind Yesenia and squeezed.
A wave of pleasure spread from her nipples to her crotch and exploded in her brain. Yesenia redoubled her efforts, eager to bring Sergio to the apex. She tasted the first drops of precum and instantly felt another gush of heat and moisture. Her hand was a blur on Sergio's shaft while her tongue swirled around the head. She felt his balls contract, and knew that the moment of release was imminent.
Sergio extracted his cock from Yesenia's mouth, grabbed a fistful of her hair, and held her face inches from his cock.
"No!" she called. "Let me finish you, Papi!"
"Not this time."
"Please, Papi, please!"
Sergio stroked his cock with one hand while he held Yesenia by the hair with the other. He pumped his shaft four times; a jet of cum erupted from the tip and splashed on her cheek. A second blast hit her on the nose, and the next one hit her chin. Sergio continued stroking as he ejaculated all over her face. Yesenia was glazed with a thick coating of sticky semen that dripped from her face and collected on her breasts.
The crowd erupted in applause. Yesenia snapped out of her daze, realized that she was on her knees and topless, and hurried to cover her breasts. She picked up the towel and wiped her face.
"Can I have my car now?" Yesenia asked.
Sergio tossed her the keys.
"And the title?" she added.
"I'm keeping the title," Sergio responded.
"You said if I sucked your dick I could have my car back!"
"I said you could drive it home. I'm still owed $12,000.00."
"That's not my problem. I sucked your dick. I did what you told me to do."
"And I'm doing what I said I would do--I'm letting you drive your car home. Now, if you want to keep driving it, you'll have to either pay me the money I'm owed or come and see me at my hotel tomorrow morning."
"Fuck you. You're never seeing my brown ass again."
"That's up to you. But if you aren't at my hotel room by eight o'clock tomorrow morning with the car and the keys, then I'm reporting it stolen. You'll be in jail by noon. It's your choice."
"Asshole."
"Russell is the asshole. I'm the nice guy here. Unfortunately, you're caught in the middle. But I'm letting you drive off in my car, so I think you should show a little more respect toward me."
"Fuck off, prick."
"I understand why you are upset, Yesenia. Nonetheless, you have a decision to make, and you have until 8:00 a.m. to make it. If you have not appeared at my room by that time, then your situation will immediately get much worse."
"Where are you staying?"
"Jamal will give you the information. And make sure you come alone. Security won't allow Russell in the building, and I won't let you come up to my room if there is anyone with you. See you tomorrow, I hope."
Sergio pulled up his shorts, packed up his gear, and left.
"Who is that mother fucker?" Yesenia asked.
"That's Sergio de la Cruz," Jamal answered. "He used to play for Real Madrid. He's the five time scoring champion and two time MVP of Liga ACB, the Spanish professional basketball league. He's the most famous basketball player in all of Europe."
"How the fuck doyouknow him?"
"Well, he was lost and I gave him directions, and then the next thing I know we're sitting in a bar having a beer. And now I'm meeting him for dinner later tonight."
"He's kind of cute."
"He's a cutthroat. He was toying with Russell, you know. Poor bastard never had a chance."
"Why did you let him take my car?"
"It wasn't my fault, Yesenia. I left work early, but by the time I got here, it was too late. The bet had already been made. Besides, Russell always said the CTS was his car. I didn't know it was really yours."
"Stupid bastard."
"Me, or Russell?"
"Both of you bitches."
"So, what are you going to do?"
"Well, apparently I have an appointment tomorrow morning. I need my car. I guess he liked the way I sucked his dick."
"You know he's going to want more than a blow job, right?"
"Then I suppose I should be ready for anything. I'll find out tomorrow morning."

* * * *

I want to give special thanks to my editor, ThinkerLover, and to my Etaski and Estragon. Their time, effort, and input are invaluable assets in the creative process.