"I said, can I buy you a drink?"
Farah looked up from her phone, annoyed. Suitors here were a dime a dozen, not that that was particularly different from her usual experience at public events. But then again, this wasn't exactly a public event. One would think that a scientific conference of this magnitude would provide some respite, however brief, from the incessant influx of male try-hards, but to Farah's dismay, it had only served to bolster them. As a freelance journalist, she was here on assignment, but it seemed that not many in attendance shared her work ethic.
The source of her latest disturbance waited expectantly with a sheepish grin on his face. She glanced down at the name tag attached to his chest: Dr. Sebastian Murphy.
'Hmm,' she thought to herself. 'This one may actually have some usable intel.'
Straightening up from her slouching position at the bar, she sized him up. She could tell that he was young; His expression of unabashed hopefulness seemed to suggest a naiveté that life had not yet gotten a chance to snuff out. His days old stubble and sunless complexion, however, served to age him a few years. He looked like the type that didn't get out much and his shameless approach left her doubtless that he had no idea what he was doing. Harmless enough, she decided.
"Sure, why not," she said returning to her original position.
Grinning like a schoolboy, he turned to the bartender. He was about to place his order when he realized that he had no idea what she'd like to drink.
Turning to Farah, he cleared his throat. "Uh, so," he began. "What'll it --"
"Whiskey, straight," she interjected. "On the rocks."
Nodding, he turned to fulfill her order before realizing that he also needed the brand.
"Um, --"
"Jameson," she said, once more engrossed with her phone. A flash and buzz indicated that she'd received a new message.It'sjust like you to act like you cared what day it is,the message read.I should have anticipated this, I guess, but save the shit for someone who doesn't know you.
Letting out a deep breath, Farah rubbed her head in irritation. She considered how best to respond. Undecided as to the best course of action, however, she opted to put her phone on silent. When had men become such little girls?
"Trouble in paradise?" Dr. Murphy inquired jokingly as he turned to hand her the drink.
"You have no idea," she replied, accepting his offering. "Thanks."
"Try me," he said, donning a look of what he assumed was interest and sophistication.
"I'd much rather ask you about this event," she redirected, putting her phone in her purse.
"You're not a...a journalist, are you?" he asked incredulously.
She nodded and pointed at his name tag. "Indeed I am. Farah Ammad. And you're a doctor. Are you presenting anything tonight?"
"No, I'm, uh, fairly new to the project, actually," he said, looking at the ground. "To be honest, I...probably shouldn't be speaking to you..."
"Ohhh, nonsense," she said, taking a sip from her drink. "The information will be public knowledge after the keynote speech, right?"
"Well, yeah, most of it," he said, taking a long swig of his cocktail.
"Most of it?" she repeated.
"Yeah," he said. "If you're here, you know that the conference is based around recent breakthroughs in the field of genetics. So I mean, there's stuff that I'm not at liberty...to disclose."
Farah considered him for a moment, placing her bag on the floor. 'I may have found a little something,' she thought to herself. 'Entice.'
She was sure that the way that she'd been leaning against the bar, he'd been afforded a nice look at her backside. Most of the time, she found that it was foolproof bait while on assignment. As it turned out, not many would suspect a journalist hiding behind such voluptuous curves. Now, she turned to face him, providing him with a full frontal view of her body, tightly constricted as it was by her cocktail dress. It was easier to glean knowledge from the hapless men who fell prey to her display than to continuously move about the area in search of tidbits of information. One of her earliest lessons in journalism was to use all of the assets and resources at her disposal in order to obtain information. She understood from a young age that her appearance would be able to tip most scales in her favor. Whereas others might feel conflicted by this approach, she accepted her looks as well as her sexuality wholeheartedly. To deny them the access that they could grant her when working in tandem with her mind, would be akin to running a race with weighted legs. No, Farah liked it better when the story came to her. She took a step closer to her subject.
"Well, Sebastian- I'm sorry, Dr. Murphy," she began slowly. "I definitely wouldn't want to get you in trouble. I just thought that you might appreciate a little bit of spotlight. You may be a new research fellow, but I'm sure you've worked just as hard as your peers and I didn't want that to go to waste. I understand your limitations, though. So...thanks for the drink, and good luck with your work."
She bent down to pick up her bag, providing Sebastian with a gratuitous view of her bust. She smiled to herself in satisfaction as she recognized the audible gasp that let her know that his reconsideration was but seconds away.
Straightening up, Farah turned to leave.
"Wait," he said, stopping her in her tracks. "Just...wait a minute. You know, you're...you're right. I'm sure we can figure out...you know, something that I can share with you. It's just, your source has to be kept anonymous."
Farah smiled. "I'll take whatever you can give me, Sebastian."
He laughed nervously, unable to form words. Instead, he resorted to a series of squirmish movements that let Farah know that she would get all of the information that she could possibly extract from him.
"So...I guess that now we, you know, exchange numbers? Maybe we'll meet later this evening...dinner, perhaps? I know a...a few good places."
"I can't wait," she lied.
After the exchange, Dr. Sebastian Murphy left hurriedly. 'Probably went to change his underwear," Farah thought, shaking her head. Retrieving her phone from her purse, she saw that she had three missed calls, all from the same person. She felt guilty; As far as Farah could tell, Anthony was a solid guy. She contemplated returning his calls but what was the point? He was right; It was Valentine's Day and she could care less. Her work came first and her contract had made it clear what would be expected of her: primarily, the need for her to travel and work during a weekend that was normally reserved for lovers and romance. Sure, the offer had come in at the last second and hadn't allowed for much time to weigh options, not that it would have mattered anyway. Nine times out of ten, she wouldn't have passed up the opportunity. Nothing would or could keep her from her work and she thought that she had made that clear when she got into...whatever she was into with Anthony. She had neither asked nor expected him to make plans to celebrate their two months of suggestive texts, weekly dinner-and-a-movie dates and late night booty calls. How could she know that he'd try to flip the script on V-day and propose that they go steady? That wasn't who Farah Ammad was anymore. It would never be again if she could help it.
Reassuring herself that she had at no point in their situationship led Anthony to believe that they could be something that they were not, and was therefore not responsible for any of the subsequent emotional fallout, served to clear Farah's conscience somewhat. She mapped out her game plan for the remainder of the day. She would stick around to hear the keynote speech for the conference, then return to her hotel to prepare for whatever evening Dr. Sebastian Murphy could cook up. Her proclivity for pessimism made her shake her head at the possibilities but she reminded herself that it was for the sake of her work.
The speech was soon to start. Farah made her way to the far wall of the outdoor section of the venue where the main event would take place. She didn't care much for the press section. She preferred to remain inconspicuous should she be approached once more by an unsuspecting data mine. Besides, no expense had been spared, and she was sure that the sound system and abundance of accompanying monitors would ensure that she missed no part of the speaker's presentation. She looked around at the crowd that was beginning to amass. She was relatively far from the stage podium but she liked the positioning that it afforded her. Her eyes continued to scan the area until they locked in on a couple in the far corner of the courtyard.
The woman's movements were strange. She was positioned in front of the man, whose hands were placed securely on her waist. She appeared to be rocking back and forth. The man's face held a subtle expression of delight. He leaned in over her shoulder, presumably to whisper something into the woman's ear. Her expression of focus cracked, giving way to the pleasure that lay beneath. Farah couldn't believe what she was seeing. Not only were they fucking in public, but at a closed science conference during the middle of the keynote speech. The booming sound of the speakers masked their furtive lovemaking, and they were far enough away from the crowd that they didn't attract any attention to themselves.
Farah's heartbeat quickened as she continued to watch. She had forgotten all about the speech; the words had become no more than distorted sound. She looked over at the people closest to them, waiting for someone, anyone, to turn around and catch these exhibitionists in the act. She became anxious for them. The woman reacted as if sensing Farah's feelings; She picked up the pace. Her dress zipped in the back, and pulling the zipper upward allowed her legs to spread even further. Now she was holding onto the man's wrists, steadying herself as she rocked back on him in short, aggressive pumps. The man's back was against the balcony. He simply steadied himself and allowed her to control the pace. Red color was seeping into the flesh that covered her chest and neck, spreading and deepening by the second; She was flushing from the effort of remaining as quiet as possible. Her self-control was admirable because Farah found that she could hardly breathe watching the scene unfold. Thunderous applause snapped her out of her reverie. She removed her drink from the bar and began to move towards the outside of the crowd.
Slowly, Farah navigated her way closer to the couple. She was sure to walk around the back of anyone she came into contact with. She did not want to attract attention to neither her movements nor her destination. The woman's legs were shaking; She was at her limit, her climax eminent. Her lover sensed it as well. He clamped his left hand tightly over her mouth, trying his best to stem the sounds of pleasure that were undoubtedly escaping her. Peeking from behind a large potted plant, Farah tried make out the words that he was whispering to her.
'Just wait,' she read from the movement of his lips. 'Not yet. Just wait.'
Farah felt a bead of moisture trace its way down the inside of her thigh. She needed this, what this woman had. She felt flutters in her stomach as she silently willed on the woman's release. Suddenly, the courtyard broke into a second set of thunderous applause. The man, using the hand that remained on her waist, sprung forward, sheathing himself completely inside of her. Her eyes clamped shut and her body seized as the orgasm took her. The patrons nearest to the pair turned around.
Farah gasped, but they were ready. Their faces broke into bright smiles as they clapped in unison, closing their legs tightly together. Frowning, the onlookers returned their attention to the podium as the keynote speaker made her way off the stage to the sound of continued applause. The man zipped her dress and fixed his pants. Gathering their things, they rushed passed Farah out of the courtyard. Farah watched them as she finished her drink, her feelings teetering between longing and envy.
~
"I'm sorry? I was told that the reservation here was for 8pm. It should be under the name Murphy."
The hostess felt nervous. It was her first evening working at the restaurant and it already appeared as if universe was conspiring against her. Despite making a conscious attempt to arrive early and make a good first impression, she had arrived late due to unforeseen car trouble, which had earned her a searing reprimand from the night manager. Friday was already the busiest day of the week, but Valentine's Day? It was bad enough that she was new and would undoubtedly require some degree of hand-holding, but apparently she was a tardy slacker to boot. Her cohost assured her that the manager was just an asshole and that everything would turn out fine. The hostess allowed herself to be comforted by his words, as she was very familiar with the program that the restaurant used for making and receiving reservations. 3 large and disgruntled parties later, however, and she was already faced with a missing reservation. Though she had checked and double checked, the reservation was nowhere to be found. The customer in question had remained adamant that a mistake had been made. She was very attractive, possibly a model, the hostess thought. She was used to getting her way, that much was clear. She would demand to speak to her manager soon, and she was exactly the type of woman that that dickhead of a manager would likely side with. The hostess looked around. Her cohost was nowhere to be found. She would have to handle this herself, and fast.
"Again, I'm really sorry, but that name doesn't appear on our reservation list. Is it possible that another name was used? Or...that the reservation wasn't actually made?"
Farah narrowed her eyes. "Are you suggesting that I, or my date, is incompetent? Or that he's a liar, and I've been stood up?"
The hint of incredulity in the woman's voice was not lost on the hostess, though it was hard to argue otherwise. Anybody standing this lady up had some large balls.
"No, of course not," the hostess said quickly. "Look, your date hasn't arrived yet, right? You said that you didn't see him anywhere. Why don't you wait for him at the bar? When he comes in, I willpersonallyget you all sorted out. So...I'll let the bartender know you're coming?"
Farah was silent, considering. There was no way in hell that she had been stood up. She refused to believe it. The man had practically came in his pants when she agreed to his offer for dinner. Besides, if he didn't come through for her, her story for the conference would be generic and lackluster, especially after her voyeuristic distraction at the keynote speech. The thought of it sent a pulse between her legs. She swallowed. No, this would work out. She just needed to be patient. A drink would certainly help in that regard.
To the hostess' relief, Farah nodded curtly and made her way to an empty barstool. She didn't have to wait long before the bartender made his way over.
"Well, aren't you something," he said in a southern accent, eyeing her from waist to face as he absentmindedly dried an empty glass. "I'm Johnathan. Rebecca told me to take good care of you and I would love to do nothing more. So what'll it be?"
"She must've told you to lay it on thick, too," Farah replied with a smirk. "Johnny Walker, straight."
"Oh, don't get me wrong," the bartender replied, retrieving a bottle from the top shelf. "You learn how to butter up your customers when you live off of tips, but I would be absolutely delighted to take care of you tonight, make no mistake."
'Here's a bold one,' Farah thought, peering over the rim of her glass at the bartender as she took a sip from her cup. He was very handsome and she was confident that he could give her a good fuck or three. And a good fuck was really what Farah needed. But she also needed to finish her assignment and could afford no more distractions. Following the keynote speech, Farah had returned to her room in a daze. Immediately stripping herself naked, she jumped into the shower. Turning on the hot water, she closed her eyes as the stream cascaded over her body. The bathroom filled with moisture while she soaked. Her shower had a ledge built into the wall and the nozzle was detachable. Sitting on the ledge, Farah had spread her legs lewdly and taking the nozzle in her hands, massaged her clit to orgasm repeatedly. Watching the couple fuck had made her feel filthy; she'd needed to purge. Sitting at the bar, she was reminded of that need. She was also reminded of men, and the power that they could exert over her if she allowed them to.
"I really do appreciate the offer, but I'm here on business," Farah responded with a sigh. "Maybe another time, sweetie."
"Yes, but what is life if we don't succumb to our baser instincts from time to time?" spoke a deep voice into Farah's ear, making her shudder. It resonated within her, thick and smooth. "There will always be a time for work, but we will only ever have this unique moment in the here and now. I say, we must learn to indulge."
Farah turned around to match the voice to its owner. Her initial thought was that the man was beautiful, but not in the traditional sense. He was beautiful like a raging fire was beautiful. Or a fathomless ocean. It alarmed her, how instantly attracted to him that she was. His smile was too familiar, too comfortable, though she had never met him before. He smiled as if he was in on a secret that she wasn't privy to. Well, whatever it was, she wanted in on it too.
"That's...true," she began, recovering from her initial shock. "But there's a time and a place for everything. Unfortunately for me, that time and place isn't now." A pause. "I'm meeting someone. For work, I mean."
He smiled. A tingle crept up Farah's spine. "Yes, I know. Ah, we must be ready!"
Confusion crept into Farah's face, but before she could ask, Rebecca the hostess joined them at the bar.
"Hello again, Ms. Ammad! Once more, we're very sorry for the confusion but I'll be seating you two now if you're all set?"
Farah couldn't speak. She looked from the stranger to the hostess. What the fuck was going on?
"I'm sorry, but I think there's been a --"
"Your apologies are not necessary," the stranger said, cutting her off. "The reservation mishap was all my doing. Please, lead the way."
Smiling brightly, Rebecca walked off towards the far side of the restaurant. Farah rounded on the stranger, but he beat her to the punch.
"Ah, ah," he said in a tone of mock disapproval. "Come, Farah, live in this moment. Indulge." He held out his hand to her.
"How do you know my name?" she asked, unmoved.
"Come," he repeated, simply. His command was like a mantra. "Let's sit down. I will explain everything, I promise."
Walking to the table, Farah's heart raged in her chest. Against her better judgment, she was compelled to see this through. She never could resist when her curiosity was piqued.
The stranger removed her chair from its resting place and waited patiently for her to be seated. Circling the table to his side, he addressed the hostess: "Ah, Rebecca, just some lemon water will do for now. Unless my companion would prefer another drink...?" He looked over at Farah as the question lingered.
Clearing her throat, she replied, "No, um...lemon water will be fine, thanks."
He returned his gaze to the hostess. "Please tell our waiter to give us a few minutes with the menu. I will signal to him when we are ready."
She nodded cordially and left the two alone.
Sitting down, he crossed his legs casually, his hands folded in his lap. He seemed to be waiting. Fine. Farah decided that she would get things started.
"So," she began, simply. "Must I ask the obvious?"
"Where is Dr. Sebastian Murphy, and who am I," he replied, statement rather than question. "He is safe and sound, you need not worry."
A pause. She waited for him to continue. When he did not, she continued instead: "And you are?"
He frowned as he appeared to weigh his answer to what was, Farah assumed, a simple and straightforward question. "That is complicated," he said, finally.
Now it was Farah's turn to frown. "Complicated? Yes, I suppose it is. I've never had contact with or spoken to you before now, yet somehow, you know not only my name, but the name of the person that I came here to meet. And because you know that, I'm assuming that you also know my reason for being here in the first place."
He nodded, nonplussed. "Of course. You are here to complete your assignment. You are reporting on the findings of breakthrough genetics research which was presented at the Genesis Conference earlier today." He smirked, his brown eyes glinting with mischief. "You were meeting Dr. Murphy here to extract information that would not have otherwise been...readily available, shall we say."
"How do you know-?!"
"Easy, Farah," he said in a gentle voice. "It's simple: I hired you. Well...I did so on the behalf of my organization."
Farah was silent as her mind worked to comprehend what she was hearing. That would definitely explain how he knew her and the particulars of her assignment. But it begged the question of...
"Why?" she inquired. "Why hire me to do a job, then spy on me?"
"Spying is not what I do," he corrected. "Observation, yes. I prefer to take an...ethnographic approach. There is no better way to learn about an individual than to experience that individual in his or her own element. A freelance journalist of well repute was hired because, as a personnel broker for our clients, the assignment needed to be handled with a high degree of execution.Youwere hired because I wanted to observe you in action. Suffice to say, I was not disappointed."
Farah blushed in spite of her situation and not comprehending the complete relevance of what she was being told. "So where does Murphy fit in?" she asked as their water was placed on the table.
"Murphy was merely a mechanism for additional observation. Tomorrow, you will complete your interview with him. Coaxing won't be necessary. He will be compensated for his cooperation. No... I am more interested in what you thought about the couple."
Farah nearly choked on her water. "The...the couple?" she stuttered.
"Of course," he said quietly. "They were mine as well."
Farah was suddenly aware of how wet she was. The inside of her upper thighs were slick with fluid. She realized that she had been unconsciously clenching them together as her employer- this stranger, spoke. She was in the Twilight Zone. She knew that she should leave; This man was dangerous. At least, he was the kind of danger that she knew to look out for. But how long had it been since she was aroused like this? The mystery, the secrecy...her Valentine's Day was taking quite a turn. She couldn't run from it now. The man was right. There would be time for work. Now was the time for discovering how deep the rabbit hole really went. Now was the time for indulgence.
"They were yours." she repeated quietly. "Are you a pimp of some kind?"
He laughed, deep and mirthful. "That is also complicated. Rather, it oversimplifies my position," he explained. "In a traditional sense, no. However, as I stated before, the organization that I work for does deal in...personnel."
"A staffing agency?"
"Closer," he said, repositioning to rest his limbs on the arms of his chair. "Think talent acquisition. We provide our clients with exceptional personnel for whatever service that they may need performed. The freelancers on our payroll are the best of the best, scouted and handpicked. In return for an overwhelmingly positive rate of success, we provide exclusive job opportunities and incentives that remain unmatched."
"It's strange," Farah allowed. "I had never heard of your company until I received that email. Web searches revealed a fledgling startup. I would have ignored it as spam save for the format and cash advance. I was definitely surprised that it panned out to be legit, but the airfare and the hotel...I knew...know, something is off. Unfortunately, I go with my gut, and my gut is usually attracted to the curious and bizarre."
"Am I curious or bizarre?" he asked, holding her gaze.
The tension intensified. She felt a bead of perspiration trace its way down her spine. Seeking to escape the lock, she looked down at his lap. The charcoal-colored wool of his slacks were intricately woven, possibly hand-made. She wasn't sure if it was the subtle pattern of the needlework playing tricks on her, or if he was indeed abundantly blessed. As if to answer her question, the print came to life, bulging slightly as if it had a mind of its own. The heat between Farah's legs had spread to her chest.
"You are...something," she admitted, the hue of her olive skin deepening.
"As are you, Farah," he replied, sipping from his water. "Your acquiescence to your gut instinct; Your resourcefulness; Your beauty and your sensuality and your willingness to use them in order to acquire what it is that you want or need; Your focus...All of your characteristics have blended quite wonderfully to create such an exquisite woman."
Farah listened silently, her ego swelling, undoubtedly, like the lips of her sex. She was proud of herself, but more importantly, more crucial to the moment, she was proud that she had pleased him. This complete stranger. She felt happy to be of service to this utterly attractive and resourceful man. A man, finally, who was worthy of her. Her gut told her as much. She wanted to continue to be of service to him, in whatever capacity that he requested. Nothing would satisfy her more. The wet heat of her pulsing sex radiated through her abdomen, warming her stomach. She had a growing urge to satiated, filled. She was certain that food would do no more than scratch the surface of her desire.
"And so," he continued. "Again, I must ask. What did you think of the couple?"
"Can I see them again?" she asked, quietly.
The stranger smiled in response. "You may call me Nicholas, by the way."
Holding his hand up, he signaled to the waiter. As it turned out, they wouldn't require a menu after all.
~
The initial penetration was slow. Positioning himself above her, his back arched upward as he entered her. Her lips parted noisily as they split to accept him. A carnal sound escaped her mouth. He had only given her an inch, two tops. Now he waited. He wanted to feel her body go through its changes as her patience wore thin. He wanted to feel her clench and tighten, trapping him inside of her. She wasn't biting fast enough, so he applied more bait, sliding himself deeper. That got her. She gyrated her hips lustfully, her breathing becoming erratic.
"Please..." she whispered, growing frantic.
She was revealing her need to him. He was merciful, giving her more, but not all. She whimpered, on the verge of tears. He wasn't being fair. She needed all of it, he knew that. But the delay of her gratification empowered him. He swelled inside of her, his pride slowing probing deeper. Her hands wrapped around his back, trying to pull him closer. She traced the grooves and indentations of its muscles. Her legs followed suit around his waist. He gave her his entirety in response. Now she was full, pulsing along its girth as he throbbed in return. It reverberated through her, making goosebumps spring up across her flesh. There was an abundance of movement in their stillness. Her breathing was rapid. He had only just bottomed out, but her orgasm was approaching. He felt it too. He readjusted himself inside of her slightly, thrilled to hear the wet squelch of her sex.
"Fuck you," she spat. "Split me the fuck open."
He had to be quick, he knew; He wouldn't have long left now. Overcome with sudden urgency, he gripped her throat tightly, forcing himself into her until he could go no further. The shock of his sudden assault melted into euphoria as her eyes rolled back, her mouth opening in soundless exultation. Her breath had caught in her lungs. His thrusts were short and spastic, each one bringing him closer to the precipice. He moaned, deep and long at the point of release, emptying himself inside of her. She felt the liquid filling her and began to shake violently in the wake of her own orgasm. She had no breath left in her body. She was beginning to fade when his grip on her throat was released. He kept himself imbedded within her while she herself struggled to regulate her breathing.
Farah stood shivering in stunned silence. The energy in the room was voluminous, tangible even. She felt electrified. Most apparent was her itch, her desire to touch herself; the need was all-consuming though her hands were restrained behind her back. What had she stepped into? Nicholas stood behind her, watching in silence. She turned to him, pleading with her eyes. When he looked down at her, his eyes seemed different from before. Darker, she realized. The smug, easy comfort of his presence was gone. In its place was a focused intensity. His formality remained, but Farah was acutely aware that this man, despite everything that had occurred, was in fact a stranger to her. Maybe it was this place, but she knew now that his initial demeanor was no more than a practiced front. Convincing, yet artificial.
Hours earlier, when they had left the restaurant, he hadn't told her exactly where they were going. 'An interesting place that I think you will like,' he had said, simply. Opening the back door of the luxury sedan that idled before them, he allowed her to slide in before closing it securely. Entering the back of the vehicle on the opposite side, his valet had glanced at him through the rearview.
"Elysium."
His valet nodded mutely, pulling the vehicle slowly away from the curb. Nicholas was silent for the duration of the journey, but Farah knew better than to ruin the experience with myriad questions. The valet was on course for the highway, so she knew that they were likely leaving the city limits, and Elysium was definitely the name of a place of some kind. The rest would be revealed when they arrived. She passed the time looking out of the darkly tinted windows and listening to the monotonous hum of traversed road. Every now and again, she would glance over at her host. His eyes remained closed, but she suspected that he wasn't asleep; He retained his upright position regardless of bump or twist in the road. Meditation, perhaps?
Finally, she saw it. A large mansion stood proudly in the distance. Arriving at the ornate metal gate at the base of the hill, the valet rolled down his window to access a key console. A code was input, causing the gate to creak to life.
"Elysium is run in secrecy," Nicholas began suddenly, shocking Farah who had been entranced by the soft red glow that emanated from the windows of the compound. The sedan continued onwards towards an expansive circular driveway. It was filled with vehicles. Pristinely dressed valets were tending to them quickly and efficiently. Their suits were fire red, buttoned over crisp, black dress shirts. The guests made their way to the mansion entrance. "It is a club, of sorts, for those whose tastes run...deviant."
"Exclusive membership, I'd presume?" Farah asked still entranced by the crimson.
"Invitation only," he confirmed with a nod. "It's ranks consist of powerful men and women of all industries. They enjoy their privacy."
"And here you've gone and brought a journalist to their little sex party," she remarked as her door was opened. The valet held out his hand to help her and she took it graciously. Passing guests turned to eye her admiringly. She fit her dress snugly and though it was unexpected, she felt adequately prepared for the occasion.
Nicholas exited the vehicle and came around to meet her. As they made their way to the entrance, they were approached by a slender woman. Farah silently eyed her physique, coming to rest on the thin leather collar that embraced her throat.
"Welcome back, sir," the woman said. "Is this your guest for the evening?" Her accent was thick; Farah discerned that it was Chinese.
"She is," Nicholas responded.
The woman turned to face Farah. "Here at Elysium, we only allow guests for our annual events. In order to gain entry, you must be accompanied by a sponsor. That sponsor may be any club member of good standing. Additionally, you must sign a non-disclosure agreement barring you sharing anything and everything that you will witness while on the premises."
She produced a clip-board that held a copy of the unsigned NDA and held it out to Farah. Farah turned to Nicholas, who shrugged his shoulders.
"You were saying something before about journalists and sex parties?" he quipped.
Frowning, she quickly scanned the document before signing it and handing it back to the hostess.
Accepting the board, the host signaled over to a fiercely bearded man. He appeared to be holding a clear bottle of dark red liquid and leather wrist restraints.
"There is but one rule that you, as a guest, will be required to adhere to for the duration of your visit," the hostess continued. "As a guest, you lack initiation. Your hands are unclean. And so, they must remain bound behind your back throughout the evening. You may not remove them. You may be touched, but you cannot touch."
The bearded man handed the bottle to Nicholas before using the restraints to bind Farah's wrists behind her. Nicholas uncorked the bottle, wafting its contents before licking his lips and smiling. Farah's heart pounded in her chest. He gently tilted her chin upwards.
"Drink," he commanded.
Farah swallowed hard. "Yes."
Nicholas tilted the bottle above her mouth, expertly pouring its contents down her throat. Immediately, her chest burned with heat. She felt the liquid making its way through her body. She licked her lips, savoring its unique taste. Suddenly, the red hues seemed much deeper. Her body felt lighter and her eyelids drooped slightly. She turned to looked at the hostess, smiling seductively. Reaching out, she took Farah's face gently in her hands and leaned in to kiss her. A shiver ran down Farah's spine. She felt light headed. The woman's tongue intertwined with her own, a graceful caress. She parted lips with Farah, their tongues springing out to meet one last time.
"Welcome to Elysium," she whispered in Farah's ear.
Looking back on it now, after witnessing such a sexual display, Farah realized that she remembered only bits and pieces of the preceding hours. Her short-term recollection was hazy, no doubt an effect of the red liquid that she had imbibed intermittently throughout the evening. Whoever made it was nothing short of an alchemist.
She vaguely remembered large oaken doors, and being enveloped the moment that she crossed their threshold. Everywhere she turned were equal parts red and revelry. Naked, collared men and woman perused the party, engaging sensually with guests while they distributed a steady, controlled supply of the red liquid. The dosage that Farah had taken was the kicker, it seemed, meant to loosen her up though it had performed infinitely times better. The amounts being served were only enough to fill a thimble. Regardless, it got the job done. She remembered a particularly well-built server grinning at her as she passed by. He held out his tray to her. Looking down, her eyes bulged at the sight of his manhood. It hung low, thick and monstrous, crowned by a black cock-ring at its base. He winked as he walked off, followed by a haze of red.
Her evening had continued on this way. She had walked the halls of the mansion, her curiosity and wonder set into overdrive. She would pass a group of guests, dancing sensually to the unrelenting bass and before she could think twice, she would hear Nicholas' mantra from somewhere nearby, telling her to indulge. He had opened doors at random for her throughout her tour, allowing her to witness a variety of clandestine liaisons. In one room, she recalled an orgy of obscene proportions, wet and coiled like the mating ball of a snake. In another room, she found a man masturbating furiously as he watched 2 rogue male servers fucking a woman into submission. In another room still, she discovered an assortment of toys and contraptions to be used for both pleasure and pain. Interestingly, it had been empty.
She had turned to Nicholas. "Come," was all that he had said.
The deeper into the mansion they journeyed, the fewer guests they came across. She remembered a flight of stairs leading off to the west wing of the manse. Finally, Farah remembered arriving in the room that contained the couple from the Genesis Conference. Nicholas had closed the door this time, locking it behind them.
The exhibitionists' display had once again left Farah yearning. Her sex throbbed, demanding attention. Nicholas pressed against her from behind. She felt the bulge in his pants and licked her lips.
"Ah, there he is," she cooed.
The woman, her breathing restored, locked eyes with Farah. Her partner continued to stroke into her slowly, causing the white contents of her sex to leak out. She kept her gaze on Farah.
"What do you think she wants?" Nicholas asked Farah softly. He placed his hand firmly on her stomach, her heat radiating through the light fabric to warm his palm. She bit her lip and leaned back into him, tilting her chin up.
"I think she wants to see my pussy," Farah responded.
The woman flinched, her breathe catching on the last stroke. She touched her partner's chest, signaling for him to stop. Wordlessly, he unsheathed himself and lay on his back facing Farah. The woman moved with feline grace, mounting him quickly. She began to ride him slowly. Her eyes were still on Farah.
"And what do you want?" Nicholas asked once more. His hand on her stomach had closed, gripping a fistful of her dress.
"I want to show her."
Slowly, he lifted her dress, pulling it above her waist until she was completely exposed. She widened her stance, her shaven sex glistened in the red glow, its' lips swollen and dark. The woman moaned, her fingernails digging into her partner's chest. Nicholas unzipped her dress from behind before peeling it off of her. Her breasts bounced free, her nipples painfully erect.
"Go to her," he commanded.
Immediately Farah crossed the room, squatting on the man's face. She felt his tongue enter in as his mouth opened to accept her. The woman impaled herself on him before opening her mouth to accept Farah's tongue hungrily. She moaned as she kissed her, her lust finally unleashed. The woman moved from Farah's mouth to her neck, and then to her breasts, tracing a path down her torso with her tongue. She flitted it on Farah's nipples before sucking them deeply, making Farah's toes curled. Powerful arms seized her thighs, reminding her that she was being taken from underneath. She was caught off guard by her orgasm, overwhelmed by the experience. Tonight, she would be used thoroughly. She would let them have their way with her. She would indulge, because nothing else mattered.
Nicholas moved to open the door. Farah attempted to turn to him, but her face was caught by the woman's hands.
"He is not your concern," she said, kissing Farah's forehead. "You belong to us tonight."
"Take good care of her," Nicholas said before leaving the room. The door locked behind him.
~
Sunlight seeped through the corner of the curtains in her hotel room, bathing Farah in its warm glow. Groggily, she was awakened by it, shielding her eyes from the sudden intensity of the light. Her head was swimming slightly, so she opted to keep it rested on her pillow while she gathered her senses. Blindly, she reached for her phone, frowning as her probing produced no results. She usually kept it on the nightstand so where the hell was it? Through great effort, she managed to get herself into an upright position. Even with her eyes closed, it felt as if the world was being turned upside down. Squinting, she turned her head to check the time on the alarm clock. It read 11:47am.
Groaning, she rolled out of the bed and dragged her feet to the bathroom. Splashing cold water on her face served to sharpen her senses, though the bass still thumped through her skull. Her eyes shot open. The bass. Her mind was racing now, memories coalescing to form a hurried rough sketch of events from the evening prior. The red mansion...and the couple. Goosebumps rose on her skin from the chill she felt when she remembered the couple. They had taken her, again and again. Suddenly, her legs didn't feel so sturdy. She sat down on the side of the bathtub, head in her hands. God, what an experience. And it was all because of him: Nicholas, her secret employer turned pimp. 'No, not a pimp,' she reminded herself. Then what, exactly? She had been too caught up to ask the critical questions at dinner, not that it mattered at this point. He had left the room and she hadn't seen him again that evening, at least not that she could remember. But then, how had she gotten back here?
Farah's head snapped to the entrance of the bathroom as she heard the sound of her suite door being unlocked. Fucking room service. They never did know when the go the hell away. She looked down at her bare body. She hadn't worn anything under her dress last night. Thankfully, a robe was hanging from the back of the bathroom door.
"No room service, please!" she called out as she quickly went over and grabbed it, covering herself hastily. The door opened before she could cross the room. In place of housekeeping, however, Nicholas entered the room, closing the door behind him. He was dressed casually in a cashmere sweater and slacks. 'Well he seems well enough,' Farah thought to herself. He was holding a large brown paper bag.
"Good morning," he said brightly. "I figured that food was a necessity since you missed dinner. Please forgive that oversight. The coffee should help with your head."
"How thoughtful," Farah replied, eyebrow raised.
He sat down at a table and began to remove the contents of the bag. Fruit, croissants and two large cups of coffee. "So did you enjoy yourself?" he asked, helping himself to a croissant.
Farah felt herself reddening. "You would know better than I. Why did you leave me?"
"I make it a habit not to engage sexually when alcohol is present," he responded after taking a bite. "It allows me to retain control over the situation."
"Oh, the situation," Farah said, her voice laced with sarcasm. "So it's okay for me to get fucked by two strangers, but..." She stopped herself short.
"It's not okay for me to fuck you?" he finished, before placing his half-eaten croissant on the table. He stood from the chair and walked towards her. Farah took a half-step back, fighting her body's urge to move towards him. He quickly closed the gap between them, opening her robe when he reached her. "That is precisely what I am saying, yes."
She kept her eyes on him while he rubbed her, his hands coming to rest on the curvature of her hips. "And what about now?"
"Now," he repeated. His fingers began to dig into the softness of her flesh before he abruptly let her go. "Now, you must eat and wash. You have an interview with Dr. Murphy today, yes? Your payment is predicated on the completion of your assignment."
Farah couldn't believe her ears. She watched in stunned silenced as he returned to the table and collected his coffee and croissant. Valentine's Day was one thing, but this was a completely different matter. Farah Ammad did not get turned down. She got what she wanted, by any means. Regardless of the assuredness of her thoughts, however, he was moving towards the door and she was unable to formulate words.
"Wait!" she called out finally, his hand on the door knob. "Just...why? Why last night? Why did you hire me? Why any of this?"
"Why not?" he asked simply. Then, he opened the door and left the room.
Deafening silence followed his departure. Farah felt her heartbeat slow to its resting pace. Finally, she let herself fall backwards onto her bed, sighing.
After a moment, she smiled mischievously, thinking back on the exploits of what was undoubtedly her most memorable Valentine's Day to date.
"Why the fuck not, indeed." Farah said aloud to the empty room.