Mary's red thong landed just short of Jeff's towel in the sand.
"There ya go, is that what you wanted?" Mary asked Jeff, as she turned her ass to him and gave it a playful slap.
"Wow, you look fantastic, I think you'll be getting plenty of looks, as well as compliments, by the time we leave," Jeff said as he shimmied out of his trunks. The sight of Mary completely nude caused blood to pour into his cock.
"Mmm, well maybe I'll have to give someone a show. I bet you'd like that, ya weirdo." Mary said playfully.
"You can't tell me that men checking you out doesn't turn you on!" Jeff replied.
"I guess it does, but no men are gonna be looking at me." But Jeff knew in his mind that would be impossible for someone as beautiful and sexy as Mary.
Jeff let the conversation die and they remained quiet for several minutes enjoying the ocean sounds. Eventually Mary looked over to him and spoke.
"How about we go skinny dipping? We haven't done that in years!" Mary said.
"I was just about to mention how hot it is. Let's do it baby."
Jeff and Amy hopped up and made their way to the water. All eyes were on Mary's small pert tits and juicy full ass, swaying as she walked. Thankfully, Jeff's erection had time to die down prior to making their way down the beach.
As they entered the ankle-deep water, Jeff leaned to Mary's ear, "I told you everyone would check you out." Jeff knew Mary saw them too, but she attempted to play it off.
"Oh stop, everyone here is nude, I'm just another one of them."
"But no one else has perky tits and a sexy full ass like yours," Jeff countered.
"Wow, you really must want other men to see me nude," she said questioningly.
"Well maybe I'll have to give someone a show if you want it that bad," in an attempt to challenge Jeff's desire.
"You already are," he nodded his head in the direction of a man twenty yards away in the water, staring intently at Mary's half submerged body.
After swimming for some time, Mary decided to return to the beach. Jeff remained in the water and told Mary he'd like to cool off a little bit longer. In actuality, he just wanted to see his dripping wet nude wife walk back up the beach... and hopefully catch a glimpse of somebody watching her.
After a few minutes Jeff looked up, but instead of seeing Mary, his view was blocked by a nude man standing in front of her. His pale white ass stuck out like a sore thumb. It was hard to tell from the distance, but Jeff thought he looked about 6'0 and was positioned facing her, about 5-10 yards away from where Mary was lying. Jeff could only see the man's backside from his perspective. He seemed to be in decent shape and probably mid 40's.
Jeff was aware of the reputation of older creeps on the beach, but the man didn't alarm him. Regardless, Jeff was unsure if Mary was comfortable with the situation, so he began wading perpendicular to the beach until she came into view. Mary was lying on her towel, faceup, and resting in her elbows. The only piece of clothing on her stark nude body was a pair of wide brimmed sunglasses. Her body was still glistening from the water on her skin. Jeff could see her head nodding and could hear laughter accompanied by her beautiful smile. Jeff determined she was obviously enjoying the interaction. Jeff realized he was also enjoying it, as he felt his 5.5" member begin to swell.
Slightly embarrassed of his state, Jeff decided to let her be and spent another ten minutes relaxing in the waves, hoping for his erection to die down. Every so often he'd turn around to see Mary and the man in the same position. Once sufficiently cool, and his erection subsided, he decided to head up the beach to meet Mary's new friend.
As Jeff approached, he noticed Mary's legs were slightly spread giving the man a full view of her beautiful freshly waxed labia and pussy. She made no attempt to hide her sex from the stranger.
"Hey honey!" Mary shouted. "Meet Eric!"
Jeff walked back to Mary, taking in the sight of her amazing nude body. her nipples were hard and her pussy was engorged... "she's so turned on right now, maybe this is the show she was talking about," Jeff thought to himself. Jeff couldn't believe Mary had gone from conservative wife to now having her legs spread for a stranger.
At that moment, Eric turned and stuck out his hand to shake Jeff's.
Jeff's eyes nearly left popped out of his head when he saw the large flaccid cock dangling between Eric's legs. Even in its completely flaccid state, it was thicker and longer than Jeff.... when fully erect.
"It's no wonder she was enjoying herself all this time," Jeff thought to himself.
"Pleasure to meet you," a voice said.
Jeff snapped out of his daze and realized he had been caught staring.
Returning his gaze to Eric's eyes, he replied "the pleasure is all mine!"
He heard Mary giggle in the background. Jeff's eyes met Mary's. As soon as she captured his gaze, her eyes went to Eric's cock and then back to Jeff's eyes, she then gave a quick eyebrow rise, to indicate her interest in the massive member Eric was showing off.
"Eric was just telling me about some local spots we could try for dinner!" Mary said nonchalantly.
"Wonderful" Jeff said. The couple continued taking for another 15 minutes. All the while, Jeff noticed Mary occasionally brushed her hand against her visibly moist slit and hard nipples. As time went on her clit came into view. He couldn't believe how turned on she was getting, but was it the attention she was giving him or what he was showing off to her? Regardless, Jeff never anticipated Mary partaking in such a risqué situation with a complete stranger.
As their conversation came to its natural end, Eric continued his stroll down the beach, no doubt looking for other attractive women to court.
........
Once out of earshot Mary looked at Jeff, "oh my god, Jeff. I felt like a school girl, I couldn't keep my eyes off his cock, I could barely look him in the eyes. After getting caught a few times I just gave up and kept staring."
"I don't think he minded at all, babe"
"I saw you two from the water and was surprised how long you talked, but I'm not so surprised anymore. I didn't know big cocks turn you on."
"Oh hush"
Mary was never one to admit her kinks openly, but Jeff knew from experience she always seemed to moan a little louder and more often when he would bring out her oversized dildos in the bedroom.
Mary continued, "Just because you're the only cock I've had doesn't mean I can't be intrigued by something that's a little... more like a lot bigger." She giggled all while lightly stroking her slit subconsciously.
.....
To be continued