The next store on my list was a clothing store a few doors down.
I am inside Dara's Apparel in the women's section.
Excellent choice.
I want you to try on several skirts and blouses.
The skirts should be mini, but you can get some longer ones if they have a zipper to open them up.
The blouses should be sheer or as close to that as you can find and match the skirts.
You are to try them on without your bra and send me pictures.
I looked around the store until I found three outfits I thought would match what I was told to find. I found a longer skirt with a zipper its entire length, along with two shorter miniskirts.
I looked around for a sales associate to get into the dressing rooms and found an older man on his knees stocking shoes in the next department. He was a handsome man with peppered black hair and must have been six feet tall.
"Hello, I was wondering if I could get a dressing room to try on some clothes?" I asked.
The sales clerk looked up at me, mildly annoyed, which quickly changed to a smile as he stood up.
"I don't work in that department, but I can get a key and let you into one. If you will come with me?" He said, walking away towards the counter in the women's clothing section.
He opened a drawer and moved things around until he pulled out a key. Smiling, he walked over to one of the dressing rooms and opened the door for me, bending slightly and sweeping his arm to invite me into the room.
"My name is Don. Let me know if there is anything I can get you," he said, holding the door a few movements longer than necessary as he looked at me and the clothes I had in my hand before letting the door go and walking away.
"That was a little creepy," I said aloud as I put down the clothes and stripped.
I tried each outfit on taking pictures of myself as instructed. I liked the long skirt, and one of the miniskirts fit well but was shorter than I was comfortable wearing. I sent the text and only had to wait a few minutes before receiving a response.
Very nice, you really should be a model.
Put your bra back on and put on the outfit in the third picture.
I want you to leave the dressing room, find a few jackets that match, and take pictures of you dressed in the outfit.
I can't do that. You can see my bra through the blouse, and someone might see me.
How many people are there really, Lisa?
Well, there was an older woman and the sales associateI admitted.
So two women. I don't see the issue, Lisa.
The sales associate is a man.
Lisa, everything should be fine if you are fast enough.
Everything is covered, so it's not like he will see anything.
I don't think I can do it.
Listen, Lisa, if you want to stop the game, get dressed and leave.
If you want to keep playing, do what I told you to do.
I get nervous about letting strangers see me in a bathing suit at the beach, and he wanted me to wear a bra in public.
I stood a few minutes thinking about it and decided that I was having fun following his directions, and the black bra I had on didn't show more than a bathing suit top. The idea that Don might see me was getting me excited again.
Ok, I will grab the jacket wearing the outfit.
Good girl, I was hoping that you would keep playing.
I dressed quickly in the short skirt and sheer top and looked in the dressing mirror. You could see my black bra through the cream top and the swell of my stomach. I admired myself a little, then went to the door.
I shook as I turned the door handle and stuck my head outside. Not seeing anyone, I quickly opened the door and exited the dressing room. Closing the door almost all the way, I darted a few racks over to where the jackets hung.
I went through several jackets before finding a couple that would go with my chosen outfits.
Unlike the first jacket, which was cut high and barely exposed my cleavage when closed, the second jacket's top button was just under my breasts, exposing a good amount of cleavage.
Holding them before my chest, I quickly returned to my dressing room.
Shit, the door was closed, and when I tried the handle, it was locked. Now what the hell was I going to do? I looked around and didn't see anyone, so clutching the jackets to my chest, I walked back to the shoe department to see if I could find the man who had let me in the last time.
I looked through the different racks and was about to give up and return to the women's department when he walked out of the back carrying a handful of boxes.
"Excuse me, can you let me back into the dressing room?" I asked Don. "I went out to grab a few jackets to try on with the outfits, and the door shut behind me."
He glanced over at me with a slight frown glancing at the jackets against my chest. Sitting the boxes down, he replied, "I guess I can let you back in, but there are limits to the number of clothes you can take into those rooms."
"I don't remember which room you were in, so I will let you lead the way," he said, gesturing at me to go in front of him.
I could feel myself blushing as I returned to the dressing room door. When I got there, I turned around and noticed Don had been looking at my ass while I walked. He looked up and met my eyes, and smiled.
"Let me see what you have there," Don said, putting his hand out to take the jackets.
I was blushing as I handed him the first jacket slowly. Don motioned his fingers for the other jacket. Seeing no way out of this, I reluctantly handed it to him. He saw the bra through the top as the jacket came away from my body.
"That is a nice outfit you have on," he said, causing me to blush even more. He stood there another minute, twirling the key around his finger before he moved towards the door.
Don pushed against my body gently as he reached around me to unlock the door. Due to where he was standing, there was not enough room for me to move out of his way, and I could feel the bulge of his erection brush against my ass.
I realized I was very excited about the flirting, and I nearly fainted when Don pressed his dick into my ass. He moved back slowly, pulling the door open, almost like he was trying to extend the time he touched me. He finally backed enough away from me so I could enter the room.
He handed me the jackets and said with a smirk. "I hope you like how your outfits look on you as much as I do."
Don let the door close, and I heard him walk away.
I decided the best thing to do was not to think about my feelings and just take the pictures I was tasked with.
I quickly sent them and waited for my following instructions.
Very nice, Lisa. Any issues getting the jackets?
Only when I tried to get back in the dressing room. The door had locked, and I had to get the sales clerk to open the door for me.
Oh? What happened?
He ogled my outfit and was standing too close to me, flirting.
You are a beautiful woman, and your outfit is revealing, so you should expect attention and maybe even some staring.
That gives me an idea.
Take off your bra and wear the second jacket in the pictures you sent me.
Only button the top button and take another picture.
After you are dressed, I want you to find the sales clerk and have him help you find a pair of shoes that match your outfit.
I can't do that. The top is see-through, and with just the one button holding the jacket closed when I sit down, he can see most, if not all, of my breasts. Not to mention I don't have any panties on anymore.
Lisa, we both know that you are very turned on with the game we have been playing today.
I understand this is outside your comfort zone, but from our discussions and the stories you picked from the forum, I think you get off letting people see your body.
It's not like he will try to fuck you in the middle of the store, and I am sure you have made his day so far.
Taking it further might make his year.
I thought about what he was saying, and I had to admit that what happened at the lingerie store had gotten me very hot. The thought of getting caught exposing myself was turning me on even more. I reread the instructions and decided I could do this without showing him any more than I might at the beach.
Ok, I will try this.
Good girl.
Take your phone with you, and while he is trying on shoes for you, I want you to record him. Be discrete.
I want to see his honest reaction.
Make sure to text me and let me know what is happening.
With one more look in the mirror, I took a selfie and sent it as instructed. Looking in the mirror, I practiced moving around and found that as long as I was careful, the jacket didn't open enough to see my breasts.
Before I could change my mind about this, I took a deep breath and opened the door. I poked my head out and looked around, but the woman's section was still empty, so I walked over to the shoe section looking for the Don. I found him stocking shoes on a bottom shelf a few isles from where he had been.
"Excuse me. I was wondering if you could help me find shoes to match my outfit?" I asked.
"I think you can see that I'm a little busy right now and don't ...," Don said as he turned his head toward me. He had an annoyed look that changed to a leer as he saw me standing beside him. His eyes followed my body from my knees to my breasts, where he seemed lost.
I gave him a few seconds and was getting very uncomfortable before I decided to try again. "Sorry, I didn't realize you were busy. I will see if someone else can help me," I turned slightly and started moving away from him.
I had only taken two steps before he called out.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to be rude. My boss just wanted this done over an hour ago."
I turned my head back towards him and noticed that he was standing close behind me with a smile plastered on his face.
"If you walk this way, I would be happy to find some shoes for you," Don said as he put his hand on the small of my back and pointed with his arm towards a small row of chairs facing the back wall.
I let him guide me to a chair in the middle of the row and accepted his hand as I sat down. I adjusted the jacket and crossed my legs as he stood over me, smiling. "Let me get a few things, and I will be right back," he said as he hurried away.
While he was away, I pulled my phone out and texted Pop.
I found the salesman who helped me with the fitting room. He is helping me find shoes for the outfit.
Good. Make sure you record this.
In a few minutes, he returned with a small stool to sit on and a Brannock Device to measure my feet.
"I don't know if you need that. I have been a size seven since I was 16," I said, holding my phone like I was texting to record this as instructed.
"You would be surprised at how often shoes are incorrectly measured, and I would hate for you to leave here and not get the best-fitting shoes we have for you," he said as he sat down before me.
Don took my right foot in one hand, put the other on the back of my calf, and gently pulled off my shoe.
"Would you mind uncrossing your legs? The device works better if your foot is flat on the floor."
I slid my right leg off my left knee, pressing my legs together so he could not see up my short skirt.
He smiled at me and guided my foot into the measurement device, which was a little bit to the side. Instead of letting him part my legs, I rotated a little to the right. He hid his disappointment well and measured my foot. He kept his right hand on my calf the entire time he measured my foot.
"Seven and one quarter," Don said, making a note on a pad he took from his shirt pocket.
"Let's measure the left one," He shifted a little, lifting my left foot off the floor, again holding my calf as he pulled off the other shoe. He moved the device again, putting it outside my legs. I pivoted a little so he did not separate my legs again like he was trying to do.
While measuring my left foot, I noticed that his hand moved very slowly up the back of my leg until it was almost to my knee. I didn't know what to do, so I just sat there, hoping he would hurry up with the measurement.
"Seven and one-eighth," Don said, smiling.
He misunderstood the expression on my face, so he quickly tried to comfort me.
"It's expected that one foot is slightly larger than the other, so I think we should be ok. I will get a few sizes to see which will fit you better.
"Did you have any preferences on brand or color? Do you want heels or flats and any thoughts about boots?" he asked, looking up at me, still holding my leg and foot.
I felt a little flushed but answered, "Not really. I had not planned on shopping today. Can you suggest something?"
"Let me see what I have," Don said, standing up.
As Don stood, his hand trailed up my leg, stopping just above my knees. My breathing accelerated, and I noticed my legs parted independently. I didn't look up at his face as he stood before me. I was shocked by the bulge in his pants. He chuckled as he stepped back and walked away to get some shoes.
I stopped the recording and sent it to Pop. A few seconds later, my phone buzzed.
Well, you seemed to be having fun.
What do you mean? This is very embarrassingI texted back.
Really? I noticed he was almost rubbing your legs, and you said nothing. Even at the end, when he stood up and ran his hand up your leg, all you did was them for him.
I don't know why that happened.
I do your horny. Face it; you like showing off your body.
It turns you on.
It does not. I am just doing this because it's part of the game.I replied.
After I sent the message, I thought about what he was implying, realizing that he might be closer to the truth than I wanted to admit.
You should go with this more when he returns.
Don't resist if he pulls your legs apart.
You don't have to open them wide but stop trying to keep them closed.
Walk around in the shoes he brings back, tell him they don't seem right, and ask for something else.
Send me the following video when he walks away.
I had just finished reading the text when Don returned with a couple of boxes of shoes. I straightened up a little as he sat down but left my legs the same distance apart they had been when he left.
"Ok, I think you will like these," he said as he pulled a pair of three-inch high heel shoes out of the box and reached for my left foot.
He picked up the foot gently and, put the shoe on, fastened it. Moving to his left, he picked up my other foot, sitting on his leg and spreading my legs a little further apart. After he had fastened the shoe on my foot, he placed my foot back on the floor and looked up at me.
"How does that feel?" he asked, trying to look up my skirt.
I was sure he could see at least halfway up my thigh. I pretended not to notice and moved my foot around a little before looking at him.
"Can you help me stand up? I want to see how they feel when I walk in them," I asked with a smile.
"I would be delighted to," he said as he stood up again, lightly running his hand up the inside of my leg as he stood.
I moved my phone to my left hand and accepted his help to stand up. He pulled up firmly, causing me to stagger when I stood, bumping against him.
"Careful, you don't want to hurt yourself," he said as his hand gripped me to steady me.
I smiled at him and took a few steps in the new shoes. I was uncomfortable in high heels, and he could tell as I tried walking in them.
"You don't wear high heels much, do you?" Don asked as I returned to the chair and sat back down.
I shook my head.
"Not really. I have a few pairs, but they just sit in the closet gathering dust," I said.
"Well, I guess we can skip the other pair I have. Let me get these off, and I will try some flats I think will work," Don said, sitting back down.
Don picked up my left foot and removed the shoe, placing it in the box before putting my foot back on the floor, causing my legs to open a little further. He repeated the same with my right foot, and when he set it on the floor again, my legs were now at least eight inches apart at my knees.
I knew how I was sitting that Don could almost see my crotch. The only saving grace was due to the poor lighting; he couldn't see my pussy. Don stood and bent over, picking the boxes up, trying hard to see up my skirt before standing and walking away. As he turned, I noticed the bulge in his pants was more prominent than before.
When he was out of sight, I stopped the video and sent it to Pop.
You are way too shy, Lisa. I want you to move forward in the seat so that the bottom of your ass is on the edge.
Make sure you don't close your legs.
He will see my crotch if I do that.
And?
He will not try to rape you in the middle of the store Lisa.
He probably has a lot of bitches in all day long, and maybe this will help make his day more manageable.
Ensure you capture this on video and tell him the shoes are not right.
Ask him for some boots, and ensure they come up as high as possible on your legs.
I sighed and moved forward, fidgeting until Don returned.
He had a couple of boxes, and when he sat before me, he noticed that I had moved forward and grinned a little more.
"I hope you like these," he said as he pulled a cute pair of flats out of the box and lifted my left foot again.
After putting the shoe on, Don put my foot down a bit further than it had been, causing my legs to open a little more. He repeated this with my right foot, which made the skirt ride up. He sat between my legs, looking under my skirt.
At this point, Don had a perfect view of my pussy. Following directions, I did not adjust the skirt or try to close my legs. My lack of response seemed to encourage him, and as Don stood, he ran his hand up my legs almost to my pussy before his fingers left my skin.
Don was standing so close that when he helped me stand, I was in his arms for an instant before he stepped back. I smiled at him and started walking in the shoes.
I felt a draft on my ass and realized that the skirt had ridden up more than I thought, and I was happy as it slowly dropped before completely covering my ass.
I walked around a few rows before returning and sitting down like before.
"Do you like them?" Don asked, sitting down between my legs again, looking at my pussy briefly before looking up at me.
"They feel better than the high heels, but I want to try on some boots instead. Do you have any that come to mid to high thigh?" I asked with a smile
"I am sure we have something that will work with your outfit," Don told me.
Don removed the flats and put them back in the box, taking his time looking at my bare pussy a few inches from his face. I was getting very excited and could smell my arousal, so I knew he had also to be able to.
After taking way longer to box the shoes than was necessary, Don stood up and walked away, looking for some boots for me.
I sent the video and waited for a response.
Much better, Lisa. How excited are you?
I thought for a minute before answering.
To be honest, I am very turned on right now.
Why don't you unbutton your jacket and leave it open slightly?
I also want you to leave your clothing alone.
If the salesman moves it or it moves by your actions, such as when you sit down, stand up, or walk, I want you to ignore it completely and act like everything is normal.
Can you do that?
I don't know.
It is one thing teasing the salesman, but someone else might see me.
What about the security cameras?
I don't want to get arrested.
I have been to the store you are in, and they only have cameras at the entrances and around the cash registers, so where you are is okay.
If you see someone coming, you can adjust your clothes enough that it does not cause a scene.
Does that sound ok?
I was turned on, and I think the risk of getting caught made it even hotter than it would have been otherwise.
I can do that.
Good girl.
Let's push a little further, and to make it a little hotter for you, why don't you ignore his hands when he touches you and follow any instructions he might have for you?
I am not going to fuck him!
I will admit that exhibitionism is turning me on, but I love Ken and will not cheat on him.
I never said you had to, Lisa.
Just remember you have been teasing him for the last half an hour, and you have made a big impression on him from the bulge I saw in his pants.
I think it's fair that you let him have a little fun too.
You don't have to agree.
Please keep this in mind.
There are other things you can do to ease his suffering besides fucking him.
I don't think I want to do anything else. This is getting out of hand
I understand this is bothering you, but if you are honest with yourself, you are more excited by what you have done today than anything else.
I have seen the videos you took, and I see a beautiful woman exploring her sexuality.
Am I right about how you are feeling right now?
Have you ever been this horny?
I thought about what he said and how I was feeling. Despite not cheating on Ken, I felt very guilty, like I had betrayed his trust, even though I hadn't broken my vows.
But honestly, I also had never been this excited in my life. I was letting strangers see parts of me that only a few others had ever seen, and I had allowed two of them to touch me more than some of my previous boyfriends.
I guess I was not cheating on Ken, showing off my body, and no one knew me, so I didn't have to worry about something being said to him. I feared how far I had come from the innocent girl I still like to think I am and how easy it had been to do what I had so far.
I was terrified that I might let things get even more out of control, but a surprisingly large part of myself liked the feeling of not being in control. My entire life had been micro-managed by my family until I married Ken, and just letting things happen without a plan was exciting and scary at the same time.
I looked up and saw Don coming back toward me, so I quickly answered Pop.
I am very excited and scared and horny as hell.
I don't know if I can let this go further than it already has. I hope you understand
I understand and think admitting this is a big step in allowing yourself to push your boundaries.
You should keep pushing yourself until you find your limits.
I will try. He's back.
Have fun, Lisa.
"Sorry, it took so long. We don't have many boots this tall in your size," Don said as he dropped down on the stool between my spread legs. "Let's try this one."
He took my left foot off the floor and sat my foot on his right leg very close to his penis. I could see that it was not as hard as before, but the combination of my foot on his leg and my exposed pussy was causing it to get harder by the minute.
Don must have moved it around while he was gone because, unlike before, it seemed to be extending down his pants instead of bunched up in the middle. I teased him more as he removed the boots from the box and pulled out the packaging.
I moved my foot slowly over to his dick and rested my foot on top of it. He jerked a little and looked back at me, no longer trying to hide the look of lust on his face.
"Sorry, my foot was cold where it was. This spot feels much warmer," I said with a grin.
"Ahh yeah, I guess it is warmer," he said, holding the boot and seeming reluctant to move my foot into it.
I put more pressure on his dick and felt it twitch before lifting it towards the boot.
"Let's see how they fit," I said, trying to break the awkward moment.
He composed himself quickly and gently guided my left foot into the boot he was holding. The boot was jet black and had a zipper from the ankle to the top with buckles at the top. It looked like it would come almost to the top of my thighs as he slowly ran the zipper toward the top.
Don had almost made it when the zipper hung. He moved it back and forth, trying to get it to go the last 6 inches, adding more pressure.
Suddenly the zipper started moving and rapidly closed the last few inches to the top. Don had put such force on the zipper that when it suddenly stopped at the top, his hand kept going, and the top of his hand smacked directly on my open pussy.
The pain was sudden and intense, but the bigger surprise was the small orgasm that swept through me with the pain. I jerked upright, and my face must have expressed pain and surprise because he immediately apologized to me.
"I am so sorry, Miss. Are you ok?" Don asked, looking very worried.
I think he was concerned for himself more than my pain. It took a few seconds for me to calm down from the orgasm.
"It's ok. Accidents happen," I said, still breathing hard.
He smiled, picked up my right foot, and placed it on his trouser-covered dick while he retrieved the other boot. His dick was very hard at this point and longer than my foot.
I lightly moved my foot a few strokes before putting my foot into the boot for him to zip up. This boot had no issues with the zipper, although when it was zipped, his right hand traveled teasingly up my thigh until I felt his hand lightly cup my pussy.
I moaned a little as I reached down and pulled his hand away, partially so I could stand and partially because I wasn't sure I would want to stop what happened next. With both feet on the floor, I stood up, which caused his head to come very close to my pussy. Close enough, I could feel his breath on my nether lips.
Moving around him, I managed to keep Don from taking advantage of the situation. I walked around the area that we were in, getting used to the boots. As I walked, the back of the skirt started to ride up. I blushed, thinking about showing about half my ass to anyone who happened to walk by.
"I like the boots but want to see if they match the other outfits I picked out. Would you mind letting me back in the dressing room?" I asked.
"Not at all," he said, standing.
He seemed to be waiting for me to lead the way, and I supposed, with the bottom of my ass clearly in view, I didn't blame him. I walked to the dressing room and waited until he opened the door.
This time while he stood close behind me, I felt his hand on my bare ass.
I didn't know what to do. Part of me was hoping he would touch me; the other part was hoping he would leave me alone. We stood this way for what felt like minutes, Don creasing my ass and me standing there facing the dressing room before he pulled the door open for me to enter.
I hurried inside and waited for him to close the door before taking off the short skirt, swapping it for the longer one. I adjusted the jacket, unbuttoning it enough to show about half of my breasts through the sheer top. Satisfied with how I looked in the mirror, I took another picture and sent it to Pop.
I realized I had not taken any video during the last shoe fitting and hoped he would not be mad.
Taking a deep breath, I opened the door. The salesman stood there waiting on me and smiled as he took in the new outfit.
"What do you think?" I asked him.
"I don't know. I guess it looks nice, but I would like to see you turn around so I can see the back," Don said.
I turned around slowly, giving him a 360-degree view.
"How's that?" I asked.
"Maybe a little faster?" he replied.
I spun around quickly, feeling the skirt lift and flare out, exposing my ass and pussy. When I stopped, I noticed that the jacket had moved and was no longer covering either breast. Since Don had already seen them, I made no effort to cover them back up.
"I do like the skirt," he said. "Almost more than the other one."
I blushed a little and turned back to the dressing room. "I hate to be a pain, but would you mind opening the door again?"
"No problem," he said, following me to the dressing room. This time he grabbed my ass through the skirt as he pretended to have issues opening the door.
After he opened the door, I walked in, and before the door shut, I asked him, "Would you mind helping me remove the boots?"
"I would be happy to," he said, moving before me and kneeling on the floor between my legs.
"Can you hold the skirt up so I can reach the zippers?"
I pulled up on the skirt until I had it bunched up at my waist, showing him not only the zippers but my pussy. He wasted no time and grabbed the top of the boot in one hand and the zipper in the other.
Since the boots were so tall, this put the back of his hand holding the boot against my pussy, and as Don pulled the zipper down, he moved that hand against my pussy and clit, causing me to moan a little bit. When the zipper was down, he moved his hand away and peeled the boot off my leg, lifting my foot out of it and sitting it gently on the floor.
He moved to the other boot and repeated the same process causing me to moan some more and unconsciously grind my pussy into the top of his hand. The second boot took longer, and I was almost at an orgasm when he moved his hand away again, taking my foot out of the boot.
He stood up slowly, dragging his right hand up my leg until his hand was cupping my pussy. He started rubbing again and managed to slip a finger inside me. He stood very close, and with his other hand, he grabbed my breast through the thin top.
"You're a hot little slut, and I want to fuck you right here," Don said, slipping another finger into my pussy.
I was so close to another orgasm again, and it felt so good what he was doing that I almost let him fuck me, but that little part in the back of my mind kept reminding me I was married. He removed his hand from my pussy, and I moaned at the loss.
"Don't worry slut, just getting more comfortable," he said as he stepped closer to me and unfastened his pants.
When he dropped his underwear, a massive dick sprang down.
My god, it had to be at least 10 inches long and a couple of inches around, I thought.
Don stood there rubbing the head, spreading his precum around before he stepped forward. "It might be better if you just turned around. I like fucking bitches doggy style," he said.
I wanted to do what he said badly but didn't want to cheat on Ken. There had to be some other way.
"I want you to fuck me, I do, but I don't want to cheat on my husband," I said, trembling.
"Does he know that you are out showing strangers your body? What would he say if he knew that?" Don asked, getting a little angry.
"He would be pissed at me if he knew but even madder if I let you fuck me," I said.
"There has to be something else that I can do."
He was still angry but was thinking it over. "How about a blow job then?" he asked.
"I think he would still be upset about even doing that," I said, considering I had only just given Ken one.
"What the fuck am I supposed to do bitch? You came in here and have almost thrown yourself at me, running around flashing your ass and pussy and teasing me until I have a raging hard-on, and when it comes time to put out, you all of a sudden get concerned about cheating on your husband?
"You are un-fucking-believable," he said, looking like he wanted to slap me.
"Sorry, I don't know why I did this, but I never meant to hurt anyone. I was just having a little fun," I said, suddenly feeling like a kid who got caught doing something they weren't supposed to do.
"Fun? You have been teasing me for almost half an hour, and now you want to just forget about it and leave me hanging. You are a selfish bitch. Get the fuck out of here before I call security," he said as he bent down to pull up his underwear.
"Wait a second. I may not want to cheat on my husband, but I am not a cold-hearted bitch. I feel horrible about this and want to make it right. How about a hand job?" I asked him. The comment about calling security scared me a little, and I was shocked at how angry he had gotten.
He thought about it. "I think that is the least you could do," he said with a half-smile letting his boxers fall to his feet.
"Since you liked showing off, why don't you take the rest of the clothes off and give me something to look at while you jack me off."
I looked at him for a second.
Don had already seen and felt everything anyways.
What the hell, I thought, pulling off the top and skirt before kneeling between his legs. Remembering Pop's instructions, I handed him my phone.
"Would you do me a favor and take a few pictures? I want to have something to remember this by later."
"You are a kinky bitch," he said as he took the phone and took some pictures.
I reached out tentatively, grabbing his dick with my right hand. My fingers barely fit around his shaft, so I used both hands by interlacing my fingers. I started moving my hands quickly to get him off quickly.
"Make sure you get some lube on it. I don't want a rug burn on my cock," Don said.
I thought about what I could use and decided to spit on it. It was much easier to jerk Don off this way, and between my spit and his precum, I could move my hands easily up and down his shaft.
"Oh, fuck that feels good," Don commented, watching me jack him off.
I smiled at him, glad he was enjoying what I was doing.
"I am getting close to cumming," he said as he put his hand on my head and started fucking my hands faster.
Crap, I guess I should have thought about that. I had nothing in my purse to catch Don's cum on. I slowed down my hands while I tried to think of where I could put his cum at. Maybe the floor?
"Why did you slow down?" he asked, annoyed.
"Trying to figure out what to do with the cum."
"Well, you had better catch it with something. If housekeeping comes here and there is cum on the floor, they will raise hell with my boss."
"The asshole will want to know how that happened since the doors are locked, and this is the women's section. I don't want to get fired because of something you did."
I did? It's his cum,I thought.
I guess the options were either on my body, the clothing, or in my mouth. I didn't want to walk around with cum on my chest, especially cum that didn't belong to my husband. If I still had my panties, I could have used those. The other clothes weren't mine, and I had no money to buy them.
That left my hand or my mouth. I could catch it in my hand, but then what? What if he came a lot? I know that sometimes Ken can squirt more than I could catch in my small hands.
"Whatever you are going to do, you had better figure it out quickly because I am about to cum," Don said.
Not seeing a real option, I opened my mouth and put the tip of his dick just inside. I was just in time because he started grunting, and suddenly, I felt the first squirt of his cum hit the back of my throat. I tried to swallow, but since his dick was not in my mouth, I feared the next squirt would go all over my face.
What the hell, I have already gone this far, I thought.
I put the head of Don's dick in my mouth and started sucking in time to get the next squirt. I could swallow his cum before it overflowed into my mouth, and I kept sucking and swallowing until he finished squirting.
He tasted different than Ken, not better, just different. I wonder if all semen tastes this good?
Don stepped back from me after he finished and took another picture before he helped me up and handed me my phone.
"I hope you enjoyed this as much as I did," he said, getting dressed.
"If you want any of the outfits, you can have my discount," he said as I put my original clothes back on.
"I don't have any spare money and was just window shopping today," I said with a smile.
"Well, you get dressed and see me before you leave," Don said, picking up the clothes and the boots. He cracked the door and quickly left me alone in the changing room.
I finished dressing and looked at the pictures Don had taken on my phone. There were several, but the hottest was when he came the first time. You could see his sperm shooting into my mouth; the following picture showed the puddle of sperm on my tongue.
The following picture showed my mouth wrapped around his dick, and the look on my face shocked me. I looked like a slut, and you could tell I was enjoying milking his cum out of his dick.
I sent the pictures to Pop and looked one more time in the mirror. My face was still flushed, and I smelled like sex, but I could do nothing about it. I walked to the door and left the dressing room.
I found Don quickly and smiled at him.
"Thanks so much for your help," I smirked.
"Thank you for being so nice," he said with a wink.
"Here are your purchases, and I hope you enjoy them as much as I enjoyed having you as a customer." He handed me a bag and chuckled at the puzzled expression on my face.
"It's the least I could do, considering," he said.
As I looked inside the bag, I found the top, jacket, skirt, and receipt that showed it had been paid for.
"I can't take this," I said, trying to return the bag to him.
"You don't have a choice. I can't return them, and they would not look anywhere as good on me as they did you. Call it a present for turning my day around."
Just then, an older woman came up and asked for his help. With one last look at me, he turned and followed her to a rack in the next section. I stood there a moment before I walked away and left the store.
I wandered for ten minutes before I decided to use the restroom. There didn't seem to be anyone inside as I took a stall and placed my bags on the ledge behind me. I had just sat down on the toilet when my phone dinged.
I see that you found a way to make him happy.
Are you ok?
How are you feeling?
I thought about the answer before I replied.
I am ok.
Just really conflicted right now.
I should not have done any of what I did today, and part of me hates myself for even giving in.
Another part of me realized that I had never felt this horny, and acting like a slut turned me on.
I understand, dear, and I am guessing that the part you enjoyed today is larger than the part that hated what you did.
Maybe a little bigger, LOL.
Well, you have had enough excitement for today.
Why don't you just go home and relax?
What kind of plans do you have for tomorrow?
Nothing. Ken is supposed to work all day.
Would you like to continue the game?
I thought about it and found that having a stranger giving me directions turned me on more than anything else.
Yes, I would like to keep going.
Good, I want you to go through your closet and put on your slutest outfits when you get home.
Take a picture of each and send them to me.
It might be a few hours though I am still at the mall.
No worries, just send me the pictures after you get home.
I finished using the restroom and washed my hands. Looking in the mirror, I saw my hair was messy, and some of my makeup was smeared. I did what I could to fix it and left the mall.