Flushed after her little experiment with the clit sucking toy, Leona snapped a few selfies of herself in the silk camisole and quickly posted one on her story, captioned, "Have some great new pieces from Hydrangia to show off tomorrow. Xx Le."
Upon further inspection, Leona looked hot in the post. Her thick, wavy brown hair was side swept and thrown casually over one shoulder. Her already full lips were slightly swollen from biting down on them, and her brown eyes stared into the camera with a slight hint of sultriness. While the camisole didn't show off a ton of cleavage, her erect nipples protruding through the fabric rested just atop the bottom of the frame. If someone wasn't stopping to look, they might skip right past them, but they were definitely there for anyone stopping to take a glance for more than a second.
Leona sat down her phone and picked up the toy again. It had been almost 2 months since she had last had sex and even longer since she had last had an orgasm. Sex with Sailor was great, for the most part, but there was only so much she could get off from Sailor ramming their strap-on down her throat and subsequently into her pussy. Sailor got off on the power aspect of sex, and while Leona was happy to oblige to it, it would have been nice to partake in the occasional extended foreplay. Also, Leona liked to think she got off on giving just as much as receiving during sex, but Sailor rarely allowed Leona to reciprocate.
As she sat down on the kitchen bench and began to spread her legs, Leona realized she was staring right at the living room rug. Her mind replayed the scene from 6 weeks ago again in her head. Leona rushing in the front door to try to smooth things over. The petite girl sprawled out on the floor, her small tits and hard brown nipples bouncing up and down as Sailor, stripped down to their boxer briefs and sports bra devoured her pussy.
While the re-cap in her head turned her on just slightly, Leona quickly realized this wasn't the place she wanted to experiment with her new toy. Peering out the window, Leona noticed that it was now completely dark outside. Reading over the box, she realized that much to her hopes, the toy was waterproof.
"Might as well get some use out of the hot tub while we're here," Leona said out loud to no one in particular.
The bungalow had a secluded patio to the side of the property with a hot tub and small sitting area. The hot tub sat along a lattice fence that didn't offer complete privacy, but their unit sat at the back of the property and Leona assured herself she'd be able to hear anyone coming remotely near her.
Realizing she didn't want to step into the hot tub completely naked, Leona changed back into the lacy white bra and panty set she had tried on earlier and covered herself with a towel as she and her new toy made their way to the side patio. She slid out of her towel and into the hot tub, turning the jets on ever so slightly, just enough to mask any sounds coming from the toy. She propped herself up with her back to the lattice so she could listen for anyone coming nearby and slid the crotch of her panties to the side.
Her nipples began to harden as she slowly ran her pointer and ring finger over the outside of her plump pussy lips. She gingerly slid her index finger inside her lips, turned on by the slickness that had already amassed and caressed herself lightly before venturing up to her clit area.
Separating her lips with her fingers, she gently flicked her pulsing clit and bit her lip in pleasure. With her other hand, she dialed on the toy and submerged it under the softly bubbling water and under the thin material of her thong. Slowly, she placed the nozzle over her enlarging clit and let out a gasp.
The tip of the toy sucked in and out with varying intensity and motion. Leona moaned lightly to herself feeling her legs start to quiver against the smooth surface of the hot tub seat, trying not to cum right away. She could feel an intense heat building inside her and as it got more and more difficult to keep gripping the toy, Leona finally gave into her orgasm, biting down on her lip and pinching her nipple with her free hand as she let out an audible moan. Her entire body shuddered, sending a chill down her spine in the 105 degree water.
Despite being submerged in the hot tub, Leona could feel the slickness accumulating in her sheer panties and set the toy down to assess the situation. She couldn't remember the last time she had experienced an orgasm like that. It definitely hadn't been with Sailor's greedy ass.
As Leona touched the wetness that had just gushed right out of her, she realized she was still super turned on as she began rubbing her fingers in a circular motion over her now swollen pussy. She closed her eyes and leaned back to keep the pleasure going.
After a few minutes of running her fingers up, down, and around her dripping wet cunt, she slowly inserted a finger into herself, and then another, curling them up to press on her G-spot.
Suddenly, the gate to the yard swung open.
Leona gasped and bolted upright, yanking her fingers out of her bottoms and shockedly made eye contact with the young woman standing at the gate in a string bikini, towel in hand.