It happens to most of us who have been married for a number of years. If you don't add a little spice, you are either unfulfilled or paying alimony. I have been pretty good at trying to be aware of too much routine and luckily the wife has been pretty open to trying new things. It is never her idea, but she goes along.
So during one of the dry spells, I made my mind up to do a Google search for romantic adult getaways. After reading way too many reviews, I settled on a highly rated inn along the California coast near Santa Barbara and made my reservation, paying particular attention to requesting one of the "more private cottages" for our accommodations. It was about a 3 hour drive, and I was looking forward to every second of it.
It hadn't been too long since I had purchased a Porsche Boxster which my wife loved to ride it with the top down. I had even talked her into driving it with her top down on a few occasions in the past. My sexual drive has always been a little higher than hers, and I was definitely on full alert during the drive. My mind was full of anticipation, and it seemed like i was hard for the entire trip. She noticed and smiled...playing it coy. She reached over and gave my cock a good squeeze, letting me know that she knew that fucking was dominating my conscience. She may have thought this was for romance, but I needed plain, hot, fucking sex.
When we arrived at our hotel ,I was very happy to see we had indeed been booked into the cottages in the back of the property. They were three adjoining rooms set apart from the rest of the main building. They were designed for one thing...fucking. One room, huge bed, shower and not much else. I could not have been any happier. We did a quick unpack then strolled the grounds. There was a nice pool with a gated off jacuzzi tub up a closed off path above. First surprise for the night was I had booked the private use of the jacuzzi during sunset, wine included. I quickly made a mental note of how visible I might be from the pool if I felt like giving anyone a look at us naked. I liked my odds. I love the thought of being watched.
We ate fairly lightly early and made it back to the room to get ready for the soak in the jacuzzi. Her bathing suit was fairly modest but I new it would not be on long. We walked up the path, by the pool taking notice of those still sunning themselves, then slid into the tub. We got the bubbles rolling, and were soon greeted by a very lovely hotel employee bringing our wine. She smiled broadly, noticing quite quickly I had removed my suit already. Naked in the tub, with many people right below us around the pool, sipping wine...paradise. The wife got some water on her face, so I happily jumped out of the tub to grab her towel, knowing many eyes would be seeing my full length. I loved it. The wife place herself near a jet and let the force excite her while at the same time she steadily and smoothly pumped my cock. The sun was setting and it felt like heaven. Edging me time after time was almost more than I could handle, feeling the cum building and building. My eyes shut, breathing heavily and moving my hips to the rhythm of the strokes, I was shocked to see the lovely employee once again standing in front of me. Smiling even more broadly she informed us our time was up. The wife kept stroking, edging me one more time while my audience stared.
Back in the room it was time for surprise number two. As we both crawled under the sheets, I brought out from the drawer a strap on I had brought. It would be my first time and I wanted it now more than ever. My wife's eyes got big, but she happily strapped in on. The vision of her with her new found dick, standing over me was simply amazing. It was then that I first heard the people in the room next to us. Two women talking softly, but loud enough for us to hear. Two female voices, both moaning at different times. I love the thought of two women's bodies entangled in passion. I lay my wife down on her back, completely naked except for the protruding dildo that would soon find its way up my wanting ass. With plenty of lube, I straddled her and let myself ease down on this cock that would penetrate me. My semi-hard cock resting on her abdomen inches from her beautiful breasts and not too much further from her mouth. My cock hardened, then hardened some more. I reached up an held the headboard, using it to support me as I lifted myself up and down on the dildo. Slowly, deeply. The downward pressure I was causing made the dildo press against the wife's clit and she was enjoying both the sensation on her clit and the power she had over me while she.fucked me. Every nerve was on edge, every sensation magnified. I had never felt anything so good.
Suddenly the noises from the other room grew louder and longer, more excited and more intense. With each sound I went up and down on the dildo, trying to stay in their rhythm. As I picked up my pace I began to band the headboard onto the wall. I wanted them to hear, know that they were exciting me. My groans grew louder in perfect tandem to their sounds. My wife's moans grew along with theirs. I wanted to cum with them. I had to cum with them. I need to cum NOW.
And what harmony it was. I exploded with their orgasm. My wife orgasmed with me. Completely drained. Completely spent. Ass full of cock for me and cum covering my wife's face. The perfect end to a perfect first night.