The sun felt good on Don's suit and tie. The breeze tussled his well trimmed hair which fell back into place thanks to his hair spray. Smelling the fresh cut grass and the blossomed flowers he pleasantly gazed about the well kept city square. Charismatically he smiled at other walkers whether dressed casual, or in business attire. City traffic noises were calm and he could hear song birds confidently calling to each other from the safety of their perches.
Don confidently entered the Skyscraper and noticed the Atrium was lit up with sunlight. Almost everyone returned a pleasant smile. He felt attractive as his light weight fabric business slacks showed his trim form. He felt sexy as his panties gave a light and airy feel under his slacks almost giving a feeling of secret nudity.
His lightweight briefcase lent an air of importance, and Don carried himself with an air of confidence and dignity. Business women and secretaries all seemed to enjoy a smile with him, and he felt a mutual attraction.
Stepping into the glass elevator he was cheerfully flashed ever so slightly by a young woman in the opposing elevator giving him the thrill of an ever so brief up skirt, but one that he instantly memorized tantalized by her frilly panties hinting her camel toe above her sexy hose.
Yes it was a good day. For a moment he had a flash back of the day his lifestyle changed when he noticed some women seemed to be making a lot more money than him, and he asked what he could do to earn more.
Some of the women glanced at his wedding band as if to see if he was available. He maintained good eye contact as if to tell them he was married but indeed available. Noticing his attractive cologne, some of them kept a longer eye contact and discreetly looked down his figure hesitating at his crotch before glancing away.
Many people seemed to be on the way out to lunch. When he entered the office he was going to, the secretary said, "come in," but instead of looking at his eyes, her first eye contact was at his crotch, then nonchalantly drifted up to his eyes.
"Right this way," she said as she motioned the door to him.
Don stopped abruptly to open the door slightly until invited in, and the secretary bumped into him. She had been watching his sexy butt intensely, as his pants had crimped into his crack and showed his cute buns very well. As she regained her composure she 'accidently' felt of his butt cheeks. "Sorry," she said. She wished she could get away with running her hand through his crotch from his behind to his cock.
"I'm going to lunch," she said to her boss but discreetly making the lunch time announcement audible to Don.
"Come in," said Jack. "Lock the door behind you, thanks. I hear you are pretty good."
Memories flashed back to Don again. He had been invited in and was told he could make a lot of money, but he was going to be tested to see if he was open to that kind of thing. It was discreet, and he signed an agreement to keep it private. "Feel this fabric right here, and see if you like it, and here is the money just for that. You can see this drawer of money and there is plenty more. We will see how much you want to make today."
Jack broke the reverie, "Would you like a drink?" Jack produced a very nice bottle of bourbon. Don could smell his strong but attractive cologne. The office was very well lit, and he noticed the curtains were wide open, next to the chair Jack motioned him to. Through the window Don could see the glass walkway sky-bridge, on this 25th floor going to the next building. On either side of the glass walkway, there was an overhanging glass pod where people would stop to view the city.
Jack said, "When the sun is just right you can get a mirror effect and see right up their skirts. But as you can see you get some pretty good up skirt views anyway. Just for grins, I had the maintenance crew put in some cameras. Look over at my pc."
Don looked and saw a camera angle from the floor of the glass walkway and got some nice views of legs and panties.
Jack was standing in front of him. "Go ahead and take it out."
Don's memory flashed back again to his first time, "Go ahead and eagerly kiss it." The cologne was mesmerizing, and enhanced the soft feel on his lips with the salty taste of the droplet on his tongue.
Jack was amazed. His cock was getting hard as steel, but it felt like it was just melting in Don's mouth past the lips, along the tongue, feeling the gums, and first spongy feeling of the head at the throat before disappearing into the warmth deep in the throat. His cock throbbed in the throat and started to pulse and jerk to the swallowing motion, and erotically hardened with the tickling of the tongue tip on his balls and the base of his cock.
Don's hands were holding his ass. Jack held his head and clinched to hold back the tremendous ejaculation as hard as he could. Suddenly it seemed every muscle in his body flexed and clinched.
Don's hand had slipped into Jack's crack and was surprised at the strength and power of his ass clinching on his hand. Soon he felt wads of cum clumping down his throat as one of his fingers found and teased his asshole which seemed to make him clinch harder.
By the pull of Jack's hands on his head he could tell how many cum shots were going down his throat.
It was very satisfying and Don did not want to release. Soon though Jack pulled out, and Don was treated with a trail of remaining cum on his tongue, and sucked the rest out of the tip. He sat back briefly and saw a group of voyeurs on the glass bridge looking this way through the window with a public view. That in itself was satisfying, as he was beginning to realize he was an exhibitionist.
Another flash back came of the first cum shots hitting the back of his mouth. It tasted pretty good he noticed as he caressed the crotch and balls with one hand, butt crack and firm cheeks with the other touching another man's asshole for the first time.
Jack said, "Suck my balls, and lick my kinky ass." Jack had set up cameras to capture the whole session visit on video. Jack really didn't consider himself bisexual or gay. He just liked getting his cock sucked, and an occasional bareback butt fuck in return.
Don loved the feel and taste as he kissed and licked every part of Jack's crotch and ass. He favored the change of skin taste from the balls, exotic perineum, anal rays, anal rim, butt cheeks, and ass crack. Don mused that he wasn't an office prostitute, just an escort.
"Go ahead and take your clothes off." Jack picked up a camera.
He took pictures of his cock in Don's mouth, of Don only in his panties, then nude from behind, bent over the desk, and standing in front of the window in panties, and then nude frontal, and ass to the glass, and then bent over ass to the window. Jack spanked Don's ass loudly a few times to watch his firm ass bounce back.
Jack held out a hand to take the panties and put them in a deep drawer almost full to the top with panties. Then he handed the money to Don.
Don flashed back on a memory of his first time pay.
Don took the elevator to ground level and went into a public restroom to clean and freshen himself up for the next appointment. He reached into his briefcase and took out a fresh pair of perfumed panties next to the scented anal lube. He put on another layer of opaque peach lipstick. He put on his aviator glasses for effect.
***
To see my other listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter below and enjoy!
***