Author's note: I dare you to read this. I double dare you to understand it! I triple dare you to leave a comment after you've read this. -Otis
*
It was the first week of the Fall Semester at the bucolic campus of Rice University. Some 30 graduate students were shuffling into the small lecture hall for the first class of the semester.
"Good morning, class. My name is Professor Gary Fleming, and I welcome you to your graduate level course entitled the Dynamics of Asymmetrical Relationships. Everyone please take your seats so we can begin.
"As I am sure you are all aware, two years ago, Congress enacted the Slavery Enablement Statutes of 2018. These statutes legitimized the enslavement of a wide swath of the American population, primarily those afflicted with submissive tendencies that could not be kept in check.
"Under the law those submissives captured by duly certified slavers forfeit all civil liberties and are retrained to become sexual slaves. The law requires them to sexually service those of us who still have the financial wherewithal to purchase them at market.
"With the advent and de facto national legalization of gay marriage, we no longer care about sexual orientation as we did in more puritanical times. Accordingly, those citizens who become conscripted into sexual service can no longer assert a sexual preference one way or the other, as the law sanctions owners buying and being serviced by slaves of either gender.
"Also, I would be remiss if I didn't point out that a sizable proportion of those affected by the enforcement of the statutes are reoriented to work in offices and factories performing intellectual and physical labor for employees who are no longer legally bound to pay them wages or benefits after purchasing them at auction. This has proven to be a boon for our monthly unemployment figures and statistical measurement of worker productivity throughout our economy.
"Does anyone know what precipitated this momentous legislation?"
Professor Fleming looked around the lecture hall, surveying the students he would be instructing throughout the semester. None of them seemed to have a clue as to how to answer his question. They were predominately the lazy and disinterested offspring of rich suburbanites scattered across the few remaining gated communities in Houston.
Studying his students, he made a mental note regarding one or two prospective 'candidates' whom he would likely groom for a more 'transformative experience' lasting long beyond the current semester.
"Well, let me explain what led up to the enactment of the statutes," explained the professor.
"It seems that capitalism as we know it finally failed somewhere between 2015 and 2018.
"Up to that point in time the Federal government ran massive national deficits year after year culminating in a National Debt upwards towards $45 trillion.
"Somewhere around this time the American economy reached a fateful tipping point. The policy makers in Washington realized that they could no longer afford to continue any form of quantitative easing. The Federal Reserve could no longer pump the $100 to $150 billion into the economy each and every month to keep up liquidity and keep interest rates artificially low enough to finance expansion.
"When the monthly injections of liquidity stopped, interest rates started to uptick sharply and the stock market crashed wiping out the life savings of much of the middle class.
"At the same time austerity policies instituted by the President acting in concert with Congressional committees immediately proved to be catastrophic as unemployment began to surge upwards towards 24% or higher for many demographic groups which in turn triggered a tsunami of foreclosures and bankruptcies.
"If that wasn't bad enough the pot boiled over for those who were cut off from the various and sundry entitlement benefits they had grown accustomed to. Flash mobs took to the streets and occupied government buildings, demanding a 'restoration' of social justice.
"So, my dear students, you may now be asking yourselves what this has to do with the re-institution of slavery in America. Well, as they used to say, necessity is indeed the mother of invention.
"In our twenty first century world, social justice has been the operative phrase. It would be an abuse global in magnitude not to redistribute the wealth of those who participated and benefited from the inequities of the system when it was seemingly working.
"The policy makers in Washington realized that the crisis could be somewhat ameliorated by actually monetizing segments of individuals in society at large.
"Now class, can anyone tell me what it means to monetize an individual? Does anyone know what the word 'monetize' means?"
The professor looked around the class but saw no hands being raised.
"Let me explain this concept. In matters of finance, to monetize is to convert an asset or even a debt into money or a stream of revenue. "As an example, the Federal Reserve has for a very long time monetized the national debt created by deficit spending by purchasing Treasury Bills with fiat or imaginary money, thereby increasing the money supply available to households and businesses at least on paper.
"Leading up to the Economic Collapse it was probably true that the currency in circulation i.e., the money we all used to pay down car notes and mortgages was just as much a certificate of indebtedness as it was an instrument of legal tender.
"In other words, we were all using the US dollar as a medium of exchange when it was actually a medium of debt. This situation is analogous to a swimmer trying to breath through his mouth under water.
"And this, class, is what precipitated what we now call the great Economic Collapse.
"But I digress, class."
"With the advent of the Collapse, Congress promulgated the Enabling Statutes in order to provide for the orderly monetization of those psychologically marginal male and female defectives grazing freely in our society, removing them from the job rolls, removing them from the unemployment rolls, and at the same time, generating revenues from the sale and purchase of slaves at officially sanctioned auctions.
"Enslaving those who were no longer worthy to function among us was a brilliant and elegant solution to effectively address the collapse of the U.S. economy. We no longer had to provide them government services or benefits or even wages.
"Those still wealthy enough to frequent the auctions single-handedly jump-started an otherwise moribund economy by spending their hard currency on slaves who were trained to satisfy an owner's every sexual need. The economic stimulus derived from the slave auctions was a welcome private sector substitute for the discontinued injections of Quantitative Easing by the Federal Reserve."
At this point in his well-practiced introductory lecture, Professor Fleming shifted his attention to ethics.
"Class, I'm going to need a show of hands here. Is there anyone in this class who seriously believes that in this day and age it is inhumane to enslave other people?" Several students raised their hands.
"Yes, young lady," the Professor said, pointing to one female student.
"Sir, I have a problem denying another human being of their equality," she said. "Why's that, Melissa?" He asked, reading her name tag.
"It just doesn't seem right. I was always taught that we were all created equal under the law."
"Who else feels the same way?" asked the Professor.
Maybe half the hands tentatively went up in agreement. "Very well, class, let me take some time to disabuse you of this notion once and for all.
"With the collapse of capitalism as we know it, living in the United States has become a zero sum game.
"In other words, in this environment, one get only get ahead at the expense of others. We used to say that a rising tide lifts all boats. But that is certainly no longer true today.
"Who's following me here?" Three quarters of the hands went up.
"Your parents are paying a pretty penny for you to attend this expensive ivy league university. And those of you who have taken out student loans are going to struggle to pay them off for years to come.
"Let me ask you this question, class. Where are you ever going to find your first, second or third job, if those deemed unworthy or morally defective remain in their jobs with impunity? How else would you be able to 'monetize' the expense of your higher education? How do you expect to climb up the ladder when the unworthy and unfit are hogging up the higher rungs above you?
"Is there anyone here who still feels that slavery is wrong or inhumane?" At this point in the lecture, no one raised their hand.
"Are we all ok with the new laws and their application?"
"Yes, professor!" they replied in unison. By the end of the semester, Professor Fleming would be preaching to the choir.
***** "The submissive personality," Professor Fleming continued, "not only presents us with a clinical cornucopia of emotional, moral and social deficits but offers our society at large the most obvious and practical targets for enslavement.
"As a matter of principle, there is nothing unethical or inhumane about enslaving the submissive man or woman. They have always been and always will be hiding among us. Their psychological makeup renders them something less than fully human, and their latent cravings, once unleashed, drives them to passionately and compulsively service those fortunate enough to assume a dominant role in their life.
"As I'm sure you know, the NSA and other domestic anti-terrorism agencies have for a long-time been conducting warrantless surveillance of all telephone, email and internet traffic occurring in the United States. Through sophisticated analysis of metadata, our government agencies not only guarantee our national security but have been able to create a digital dragnet to identify and locate the whereabouts of likely submissives we can now apprehend. Cutting edge cyber-forensics have enabled our intelligence agencies to assemble and analyze vast amounts of ordinary people's data, including details of their love-lives, their sexual and political propensities, which web sites they frequent, their financial transactions, even which movies they've purchased tickets on-line to see.
"Class, with the training you will receive in this graduate program, each of you will learn to discern and recognize how the submissive subject stands apart from his or her normal colleagues and coworkers in everyday social interactions.
"At the heart of what separates the submissive from the rest of us is their obvious need to suppress the constant craving for that consensual exchange of power which they find irresistibly erotic and addictive.
"It requires an enormous amount of psychic energy for any subject to keep this dangerous sort of kink under wraps, and the vast majority of those so afflicted will slip and succumb to enslavement in the end.
"Just as sexual orientation is hopelessly impossible to change or alter by way of therapeutic intervention, the same can be said of the submissive's slavish orientation even though it will inevitably lead him into a lifetime of humiliation and social disgrace.
"Much of the research literature has concluded that it would be unethical and inhumane to even try to disengage the submissive from his erotic attachment to those kinks which must ultimately enslave him.
"A submissive's embrace of his or her slavery is consummated by the initial act of accepting the humiliation, the degradation, and the powerlessness of surrendering to dominance and authority. The psychological marker common to all submissives who must necessarily become slaves is the erotic charge that is at once addicting and inescapable.
"It is that inevitable first act of submission which is the trigger for all submissives; it is a life-changing and irreversible psychological event. That which the thrall gives to the dominant can never be taken back.
"Class, the submissives you will study during this semester all have a deep seated need to be owned by another human being, a master or a mistress. To deny them the gratification of that craving would be cruel and abusive, dispossessing them of the joy they alone are uniquely hardwired to receive.
"Most submissives who are careless enough to get ensnared by their own weakness would have been relieved if they could have merely surrendered themselves for an encounter or two without forfeiting their legal freedom. But there are legal and psychological issues, making it impossible and highly impractical for the State not to enslave them for the remainder of their lives.
"For a submissive personality to fully and completely self-actualize they must be completely owned by another, and they must surrender the identity they had heretofore constructed for themselves while they were allowed to live free among free people.
"They must stand before the world, before one and all, stark naked and devoid of self-made identity. The submissive must accept and give full expression to the identity given to them by their owner just as they must accept the collar and the leash.
"Secondly, as I have stated at the beginning of this lecture, the economy can no longer support anyone other than the strongest and the most self-reliant. We no longer have the collective resources to support the weak minded, the weak willed, who would be much happier servicing the rest of us anyway.
"Enslaving those who are demonstrably inferior to us provides a steady source of revenue in the form of proceeds from auction sales, liquidation of slave assets, imposition of taxes, and periodic collection of miscellaneous fees. And this does not take into account the increased opportunities for well educated young adults like your selves to find gainful employment in the job slots vacated by those pathetic enough to be inducted into the slave ranks.
"With that the Professor fell into a pregnant pause. Looking around the class, he listened to the stillness of the small lecture hall, gently punctuated by the occasional muffled cough here and there."
*****
"Class, we have twenty minutes remaining for this the first lecture of the semester.
"One of the features of instruction that I have scheduled for every lecture is to have a slave brought before you for your observation and cross-examination.
"I believe that if you have the repeated opportunity to view and question a slave up close and personally, you will better understand the etiology and unique needs of submissives. It is my hope that these regular encounters will also teach you effective methods for training and supervising the submissive slave personality." As on cue, a law enforcement officer entered the lecture hall walking a beautifully nude dish water blond woman by a chain leash down to the stage. She was about twenty-seven years of age, five foot seven, possessed of hour-glass figure, and inspiring 38 C inch breasts. The Professor's students could not help but stare at her neatly trimmed black bush. Other than the standard white high heel shoes, she wore nothing but a silver collar around her neck, with a metal chain clipped to it and silver shackles around her feet matching her collar. Initially, the young woman stared down at her feet as if she was ashamed to be so naked in front of so many strangers. For most of the students in the class, this was the first time they saw a naked adult exhibited in a public setting. It was evident that she had been quite a looker as a bleached blonde.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, let me introduce you to Sharon. Sharon no longer has a last name. It was confiscated by the State. Not all that long ago she was a student here at Rice just like you. It is highly likely she sat and took notes in this lecture hall just like you are doing now.
"Sharon graduated cum laude and furthered her studies at the University of Houston Law School. When she graduated she practiced criminal defense law in the District Courts of Harris County, representing criminal indigents. Sharon garnered a lot of respect and admiration in the eyes of her close friends and colleagues, but deep down she was quite aware that she was harboring a terrible dark secret that was gnawing at her all the time. She had depraved needs and urges that her profession would not allow and her psyche could not deny.
"At this point I'll let the subject tell you her story and then you can ask her questions of your own."
The Professor stuck his fingers into the back of her collar and guided her onto a raised table facing the students. The naked barrister kneeled on the table, spreading her legs exposing her labia to her rapt audience.
"Thank you, Professor, for allowing me the opportunity to share with your students what it's like to be a slave.
"When i was practicing law i was never comfortable with the power i was given to shape the future of my impoverished clients who were being brought into court in chains. While i was so aggressively protecting their rights, i began to realize how obscenely turned on i was by the very concepts of slavery and confinement, of being wrongfully incarcerated myself. i gradually began to fantasize about being owned and being at the mercy of other people's desires.
"My fascination with these thoughts increasingly turned to horror. i felt a tremendous amount of guilt, you know. i didn't go to law school just to embrace the concept of people owning people. My growing obsession was incompatible with my professional life. But there it was.
"One night i was attending a cocktail party consisting of other lawyers and judges from the Courthouse. i must have had too much to drink. There i was sitting on a sofa with a judge i regularly practiced in front of. The alcohol must have relaxed my inhibitions and i made the fatal mistake of confiding these feelings to him.
"At first he seemed supportive and protective, gently prodding me to share my dangerous confession with him in its entirety. As the night progressed, he put one of his hands beneath my bra and whispered sweet nothings in my ear. As we both became more and more aroused he slipped his fingers into my panties and brought me to orgasm in front of my friends in attendance. i knew it was wrong but my shameless hunger rendered me powerless to stop it.
"i woke up very much disoriented the next morning in his bed, naked and handcuffed to the bed posts. He was savagely telling me what a slut i was! What a disgrace to our profession i was!
"At first I was abjectly horrified that he had exposed me for what i was. But my horror quickly softened to relief with the realization that i would no longer have to hide my darkest secrets from the rest of the world.
"Soon after he made the phone call, they came to pick me up and transported me to the detention center.
"In due course, i was summarily disbarred and sold at auction to an older male criminal defense attorney who had on occasion mentored me over coffee.
"And now i go to schools, and colleges, and offices to tell my story so that other people won't make the same mistakes i've made with my life."
"Anyone have any questions for our 'guest' today?" asked the Professor as he looked at his watch.
The professor admonished Melissa as she raised her hand to ask a question.
"Melissa, this is a slave, she is no longer an equal of yours. She does not deserve the respect of you raising your hand to ask her a question. Just ask the question, please!"
"Sorry, Professor. Sharon, can you tell us what has changed most in your life since you've been enslaved?"
"Well, i have to admit that it is a real weight off my shoulders no longer having to live the double life that was torturing me when i was an attorney.
"It has been undeniably arousing for me to give up control over my life and to allow other people to make all the decisions for me.
"i have never felt more alive than when i am being humiliated in public.
"But most of all, my slavery experiences have taught me that i will always retain one last choice in my life. i can either choose to feel overwhelmed by the guilt that accompanies being exhibited in public or I can allow myself the freedom to enjoy the unrestricted display of my arousal. This is something i still struggle with all the time, but i'm here to tell you that my existence never feels 'more right' than when i choose the latter."
The classroom erupted into soft applause. One of the young men in the class shouted out a question.
"What is the most deeply humiliating experience you've had since your enslavement?"
"i think the hardest thing for me is being dragged naked, collared, and shackled into the courthouse elevators in front of all those people who used to work alongside me.
" i used to enter the courthouse every morning as an advocate for the disadvantaged and now i'm being taken there by my Master to orally service several of the judges i used to argue cases in front of.
"Sometimes, as it's happening, i disassociate and it seems like it's happening to someone else other than me. And then there are those times when i realize that i must truly be the slut everyone says i am and that this is what i deserve!
"Several months ago one of the local television stations produced a video of me getting on my knees in my splendid nudity and scrubbing out the toilets with a wire brush in one of the men's rooms located in the courthouse. The video is entitled, 'How Far the Mighty Have Fallen' and is regularly televised on weekends. That is a source of deep humiliation for me."
One of the young women in the class shouted out her question:
"slave, do you have any plans for the future?"
"Being a slave, i am forbidden from having any possessions whatsoever. As part of my slave training i have been taught to renounce any concept of future. You might say my descent into slavery has conditioned me to live only in the present with no regard for what was once behind me or what might loom ahead for me.
Another student shouted out, "What do you presently enjoy most about being a slave?"
"i know i am the lucky one in my relationship with Master just because He has seized ownership of my heart, soul, and sexuality. He understands me and accepts me despite my weaknesses.
"When we have company over, Master tugs on my leash and makes me drink out of a dog's water bowl on the floor as an entertaining display of subservience for His guests. Even though i have been reduced to a sexual object i am very grateful that Master still allows me to participate in the frequent intellectual discussions between Himself and His house-guests.
"Sometimes He tells me He's going to buy another female slave, another fallen and enslaved professional woman, to keep me company while I am home alone during the day. He teases me with the prospects of having a ménage à trois relationship. That would be something to look forward to.
"But in the final analysis i guess the answer to your question is that my slavery has freed me up to embrace any and all emotional and sexual experiences Master and the other dominants in my life direct me to have."
Professor Fleming looked again at his watch. It was already time to dismiss this morning's class. In addition to next week's lecture, he would exhibit one of the slaves he had personally trained.
He was looking forward to seeing how this new semester would unfold.
* * * *
I would greatly appreciate your votes, criticisms, and comments! Feel free to contact me.