Tina was 30, and already divorced. She'd married her college sweetheart shortly after graduation and went to work as an ER nurse, while he'd started his career as a software developer. The sex was good to start, and they'd put off having kids until after their debts were paid off. However, as they approached their 7th anniversary, he'd started becoming more distant and spending more time out with his friends instead of being at home with her, and stopped inviting her out with them altogether. Of course the sex started to fall off since he was spending more and more time away, and when he was home he was renovating their basement into a raunchy "man cave". Not that Tina minded, although she was straight she could still appreciate the female form, and didn't blame her husband for wanting to see more of it.
One day she was allowed to leave early due to the hospital being overstaffed, and arrived home to her husband snoring next to another woman. She stopped, shocked, in their bedroom doorway. The unmistakable aroma of sex hung in the air, and both of the individuals in the bed naked and intertwined. The surprise left her weak, and Tina faltered a bit and bumped into the door frame. This awoke the couple in the bed. The woman looked around as if wondering where she was, then noted Tina still leaning against the doorway, mouth agape. Her husband started straight awake, his eyes meeting Tina's in equal surprise. Obviously, he hadn't expected her home so soon.
The woman jumped out of bed and started pawing around for her clothes, which were scattered around the floor. Without bothering to put on her bra, she jerked a tank top over her head, catching her hair in the process and giving a gasp of pain. Tina noticed that it was long, thick, and dark-compared to her own practically short and more mousy colored. She then yanked on her panties and threw her legs into the short shorts that she'd picked up, then rushed out of the room, at least having the grace to flush deeply red and apologize to Tina on her way past, bra in hand. Tina also turned to leave, not sure of what she was doing or where she'd go. The sound of tires squealing from across the street accompanied Tina's exit from the front door. As Tina opened the door to her own car, her husband came rushing up behind her, having thrown on a pair of pants while Tina was caught up watching the brunette.
"So, I guess we're done. Let me know where you want the divorce papers sent," he told her bluntly. No apology, no attempts at explaining, no warning.
Tina just looked at him, shocked and empty, then stepped into the car and drove to the house of one of her coworkers. Thankfully, Sierra had been scheduled off for that day and welcomed her inside. Sierra grabbed a couple glasses of iced tea from the refrigerator and brought them to the island before realizing that Tina had a completely flat affect.
"What's wrong?" Sierra asked her.
"I got VTO this evening, and got home to find Mike sleeping next to another woman." Tina was shocked at the sound of her own voice-completely flat and emotionless. Maybe she was still in complete shutdown mode over the incident, but she still wasn't feeling anything. "He didn't try to explain it away, he didn't try to make excuses, he didn't try to rationalize it, he didn't try to apologize, or anything. I was out the door moments behind her, and he was right behind me, and just said that he was getting a divorce." Sierra put her hand over her mouth and gasped. Obviously, she'd never considered that either of them would do such a thing; most people considered them the perfect couple, and many had come to them over the last few years looking for relationship advice.
After an interminable silence, Tina took a sip of the tea-as much to break the monotony of just sitting there as to get moisture into her dry throat. It broke the spell for Sierra at least, who reached for Tina's free hand and squeezed hard.
"Do you want me to go talk to him, or just get your stuff?" she asked quietly. Still emotionally barren, Tina looked at her and thought.
"Just my clothes I guess. I'm not sure what's going to happen," Tina replied.
After a short discussion, Sierra convincing Tina to stay with her until things were decided and offering to get all of Tina's stuff, Sierra settled Tina into one of the spare bedrooms and left to go to Mike's house. Tina took a long, not shower, and was sitting on the bed wrapped in a towel when Sierra returned with several bags, fuming.
"That asshole's already got most of your stuff packed. It's like HE is throwing YOU out!" Sierra spat.
Tina just looked at her in surprise. "Why wouldn't he? It's not like he wants me around," she said. That sent Sierra off into a tirade about how great Tina was and how much she'd done for Mike, and how much of a jerk he was for putting Tina through this sort of trauma. Eventually, Sierra realized that she was more worked up about the situation and became concerned for Tina. Tina ended up spending a large portion of the rest of the evening calming Sierra down, and eventually Sierra went to her own room to sleep since she had to work the next day. Tina did as well, and the two decided to ride in together since they were on the same shift.
Although they had been friendly previously, Sierra and Tina had never really been friends. However, with no one else to turn to since Tina was an only child and her parents had both died shortly after college graduation, the two women became close with Tina formally moving in. The divorce papers arrived within a week, and much to Sierra's ire Tina only pushed for full division of assets. "You could be taking him to the cleaner's for this and be set for life, " Sierra fumed. Tina, however, couldn't bring herself to do that. Part of the problem was that work was exhausting-they'd just entered the summer months of "trauma season", and with everyone taking vacations with their families it seemed that Tina just worked herself to the bone each shift and didn't have the energy to deal with the legal process when she was off.
When fall arrived, she was still living with Sierra. However, Tina had become more of a hermit, leaving the house to go to work or do essentials. She was paying half of Sierra's mortgage as rent, so Sierra allowed her to do quite a bit of redecorating. Occasionally, Sierra teased her about being a shut in, but the friendship between the two solidified. Sierra led a fairly active social life, often having people over for get-togethers or going out, while Tina entered into a graduate program.
The two women lived together for several years, with Tina working and studying and Sierra being outgoing and charming. Sierra would tease Tina about growing old and wilting, and Tina would ignore the occasional male visitor who spent the night making Sierra shriek in sexual bliss. One of those visitors became a regular shortly after Tina got a job as a nursing professor at the nearby university, and Tina realized that she'd have to find another place to live. It seemed like she'd no sooner found an apartment and moved in when Sierra and her beau announced their engagement. While the two friends had lived together, Sierra had payed off the mortgage, and after the engagement announcement sat Tina down and mentioned that she was looking to sell the place.
"Steve lives in an apartment, but we both decided that we don't want to live in town anymore," she told Tina. "We found a terrific place just outside the city that we both like and want to put an offer on. So that leaves you with two options since you've done so much around here. You can buy me out for half of the value of the house, or you can take half of the sale price. You've earned it, and you've been a great friend to me." Tina argued that Sierra had done more for her than she'd done for Sierra, but the other woman wouldn't be moved. Eventually the house sold, and Tina talked Sierra into 30% rather than the half Sierra had been pushing. She successfully argued that Sierra and Steve would be starting a family and that the extra money would come in handy, whereas Tina was doing pretty well from her divorce settlement and working.
Tina was Sierra's matron of honor and actually found herself enjoying all of the wedding preparations for her friend. She was proud of Sierra during the ceremony, and enjoyed the reception. She talked a few of the groomsmen into stealing a lot of the newlyweds' underclothes from their luggage, convincing them that they wouldn't be needed. During her speech, she thoroughly embarrassed Sierra by holding up a pair of fluffy handcuffs and talking about how many times she'd been trying to sleep while Steve was making Sierra rattle them against the headboard.
After the speech while taking bills during the "First Dance", one of the guys in line was especially chatty. She'd been flirtatious and happy all evening, and was especially sucked into it with this man. She agreed to dance with him later, and actually did several times. Sierra wasn't so caught up that she didn't notice Tina enjoying herself with the guy, who turned out to be a distant relative of Steve. She laughingly encouraged her to enjoy herself, and that Dan was going to be a bigshot someday.
Dan, as it turned out, was into technology like Mike had been, and actually knew Tina's ex-husband. He told her about how Mike had already remarried and divorced twice over the years, but it was mentioned more as a casual remark while they drifted across other subjects. At the end of the reception, long after the newlyweds had left, Dan was still around. As she worked to close things down, he asked her to meet him for coffee the next day. She had been hoping that he was interested in her, and quickly agreed.
Coffee was enjoyable, and their flirtation escalated. In a flash, a couple of hours had passed, and they parted ways after swapping phone numbers. As she pulled into her parking spot, her phone vibrated with a message from Dan. "Why hasn't anyone grabbed you up yet?" it read. She thought, then replied seriously, "I guess I'm just too much of a stick in the mud!" She was barely out of the car when it vibrated again, "I don't think you are! Tomorrow's Saturday, go out with me again tomorrow." They set up a meeting at one of the city parks.
That night, Tina allowed herself to fantasize about what the next day might hold and slept soundly and happily. When she woke up, she showered and dressed in shorts, comfortable sandals, and a sleeveless button up blouse, then after breakfast drove to the park to meet Dan. He picked on her for still being single, and she teased him about being young-he was 25 to her 30. He told her to put an ad on a single's app, and she protested saying that there's no way anyone would click on her photo. He offered to take pictures of her, and did so. Many of them. He began to make suggestions for poses, and she got into it by flirting with him-and in so doing, the camera. He flirted back, encouraging her to undo more of the buttons on her blouse-first showing some cleavage, then the bottom buttons and having her tie her shirt around her waist. She teased him about turning her into a porn model, and suddenly he hooked his finger into the remaining button between her breasts and pulled her up against himself. All the air left her body and she felt herself grow moist between her legs.
"A woman as sexy as you SHOULD be a porn model," he said huskily. By pulling her against him, her body had trapped his hand with is finger still wrapped around the small bundle of fabric in her cleavage, the back of his hand being sandwiched between her breast and his stomach. She looked up at him, breathless, acutely aware of her attraction to him and the location of his hand. The finger turned slightly and stroked the inner curve of her bosom just inside the hem of her bra. Dan's mouth took an impish curve, and he leaned down to whisper in her ear.
"Lose the bra, and we'll go shopping." His lips feathered against her ear, making her melt into him. Looking up into his eyes, she knew right then and there that she'd do almost anything he could come up with. Her hands snaked up behind her back and unclasped her bra. His hands untied and unbuttoned her shirt, then held it out as a drape between them.
Right there in the park with people within eyeshot-although at a distance-she snaked her arms through the arm holes and allowed the bra to drop free. Dan's hands moved closer to her, his thumbs stroking her breasts and running deliciously over her nipples, exciting her even further. She shivered in delight, and he lightly pinched them between his bare thumbs and shirt-covered fingers. This made her moan out loud, and a devilish light flashed into his eyes. He slowly buttoned only the button at her bust, then re-tied the shirt beneath it. His hand snaked around to her bare back, and he whispered into her ear again. "We're going to have a lot of fun together..."
Taking her by the hand, he led her to his car. On the way to a mall, he had her set up the profile and encouraged her to post the more flirtatious photo's he'd taken. Once at the mall, he parked at the fringe of the cars that were there, then leaned over and kissed her-their first kiss. His hand slipped into her shirt and caressed her breast, his fingertips lazily circling her aroused nipple.
"Are you ready for some fun?" he almost growled.
Tina's breathy "Yes," encouraged him. He almost sprang from his seat and was at her door in a flash, opening it and helping her out. They held hands as they walked inside, and he headed straight for a lingerie store.
"We need to start with a good foundation," Dan said to Tina with a wink. They wandered a bit, with Dan waving off the attention of the sales ladies that were working. He found her a couple of sexy bras-things that Tina hadn't worn since early in her marriage to Mike, and some even more daring. Tina was familiar with the brand, so was able to easily grab her sizes for whatever Dan found-sexy, lacy, barely-there bras; pushup bras; then half-cup bras that didn't even reach to her nipples. After that, panties-specifically g-strings that if seen in them wouldn't leave anything to her modesty. One was almost entirely string-a narrow band of fabric going over her hips, then another that would go down the cleft of her rear and between her lips, with an almost imperceptibly wider spot that would just cover the cleft of her vulva before narrowing again and meeting the front of the waist band. He had her get several varieties of that design.
With a couple of bags of dainties in tow, the next places he led her were actual clothing stores. There, she modeled several different blouses, some skirts, and a couple of dresses. Everything he liked, he bought for her. What he didn't like, if she REALLY wanted it, she bought. Finally, loaded down with bags, they went into one last store. As had become his habit, he pulled her to himself by the button between her breasts.
"You need some much sexier shorts," he whispered into her ear. "Short, some loose enough that if I want I can slide my hand up the leg and touch you, some tight enough that if you flex I can see every muscle in your ass, stuff like that." With that, he left her to wander and begin picking out. When she was ready, she went in to the changing room to try them on and model for him-a process that had kept her on edge all afternoon. Her first pair were his first "suggestion"-jogging shorts that she could easily pull the crotch aside and have him gazing at her panties, but sweeping up almost to her hip bones on the sides. The pair he handed her when she came out to show him had her eyes and mouth opening wide in surprise-denim cutoffs that would leave most of her derriere exposed, and the front of which would button barely above her hairline.
Quickly, Tina bent and reached into one of the lingerie bags and pulled out one of the g-strings; the frilly boyshorts she'd worn were in NO way suitable for these "shorts", and would be prominently on display.
A good thing she'd decided to change underwear, she mused to herself as she worked the next skintight shorts on that she'd found-anything more, and the hems of her undies would be clearly visible these shorts were so tight. Even the g-string was noticeable beneath them, and Dan smiled appreciatively when she appeared with them. She spun to show him her rear, then catwalked back to the changing room, this time appearing with the pair Dan had brought her.
She felt almost embarrassed when she stepped out-the lower curve of her rear was completely exposed, the part going between her legs risked riding to the side and exposing her, and the top waistband she knew wasn't covering the top of her ass crack. Sure enough, she'd had to be careful buttoning them up so that nothing else in the front was showing, and had made an appointment while still in the changing room with a personal groomer. Dan stood up in appreciation as she walked up to him, then reached down to grasp her buttocks and pull her into himself.
"How do you feel," he asked, his thumb sitting at the bared top of her gluteal crevasse, the balls of his fingers resting below the lower hem of the seat of the shorts on her bare buttocks.
"Slutty," she teased back. His hand tightened in appreciation.
"You like that feeling, don't you," he whispered into her ear.
"I do, actually," she murmured back.
"Good girl," came his reply, his fingers drumming on her exposed derriere. He kept his hand there but stepped back slightly, looking her up and down contemplatively. "I think you need to wear those for the rest of the day, but we're going to change the shirt," he told her. She felt rather silly walking around the store with the tags from the shorts fluttering at her hip, but Dan was unconcerned. He led her to a rack of tank tops, then flipped through them until he came to one that would leave her stomach bared, but also had a cut in the cleavage. "Here we go," he said, holding it out to her. "Change into that, then we'll check out and go eat."
Tina walked quickly back to the changing room and did as she was told, noting as she was leaving that the arm holes were oversized. This left the lower curve of her breast exposed, but fortunately the top was tight enough that she wouldn't be hanging out every time she moved. However, it was tight enough that it not only showed her engorged nipples, but also the puffy aureoles surrounding them. Dan however, smiled huge in appreciation as she came out wearing it. He led her to the checkout lanes, where a couple groups of teenaged girls hid their smiles behind their hands as they talked to each other excitedly about her.
Dan pulled her to his side and whispered into her hair, "Don't think twice about them. They all want to be you right now, and if we were to sit outside the store I'll bet you see at least a couple of them coming out looking the same way." Guys-especially teenaged guys-were either sneaking furtive looks at her as they checked her out, or openly stared with thinly veiled lust, and Tina began to feel sexy. Finally, their turn to check out came, and Tina was shocked into awareness of the clothing tags as Dan pulled the one for her top out, offering it to the young man behind the counter. She could feel the air-conditioned air smack into the exposed skin of her breast, and the young man took the tag from Dan with his hand brushing her bare flesh at the side of her bosom. Dan smirked down at her, seeing it all. Then the process was repeated with the shorts, the college-aged kid having the back of his fingers pressed against her bare hip as he scanned the tag.
Dan bought all of the ensembles, then they took the bags back to the car. He made sure to stand close behind her as she put her bags in, and she in turn made sure to push her hips back and into him while she was. He loaded the bags he was carrying in, then took her hand to go back to the food court. As they stand in line, he waits behind her and reaches his arm around to pull her back into him. His palm is over her navel, his fingers dipping down just inside the waistband of her new shorts. His head ducks down beside hers.
"Enjoying yourself?" he asks, his teeth nipping at her ear. She once again feels her body melting into his, which drives his fingertips deeper into her waistband. After only a few days of knowing each other, he's driving her crazy with anticipation over what they might do next. It's easy to answer him honestly.
"Yes." It's surprising to her how much she enjoys just going with the flow of all the decisions; she'd become accustomed to having to come up with all of the answers to hard questions, and mediate decisions between those with the authority to do so but conflicting goals. The years since she'd been married to Mike had made her independent, and she was proud of that trait.
"Good," he says, and then it's their turn to order. She got a grilled chicken salad with a Diet Coke, and he ordered a burger and fries with a large regular Coke. As they took their seats, he teased her about being too skinny, and she teased him about eventually becoming overweight. Not that he had to worry about it for quite a while-he was quite a bit taller than she, and judging by the feel of him whenever she was pressed against him, had quite the hard body. The muscles in his forearms were well defined, something she hadn't expected from a tech geek. However, his comeback had her coughing on her drink.
"If you don't eat a little more fat, your tits will always just be teacups," he teased her. "Relax a little with your food intake, and I'll bet you get big enough to actually require a real bra instead of the trainers we got you."
Tina's cheeks flushed beet red from both the words and from choking on her soda, but she was always as good to give as to get. "You kids are all about big boobs, but they go saggy too fast. Smaller stay perky longer and will still having you blow your load before the girl you're with even starts to get her motor revving, let alone red lining!"
Dan's eyes narrowed with amusement. "You've had that much experience have you? Well, smaller tits get flashed to whoever's around when I lead you around by the shirt, while bigger ones just kind of bounce around. Besides, bigger ones would make you more confident."
Tina scoffed. "So you like bimbos with big boobs but no brains?"
Dan laughed at her. "Where did you get the idea that the bigger a woman's tits get, the less she thinks? I know you work with some chesty ladies-just look at Sierra." Tina has to acquiesce to that comment-Sierra was a solid DD, but also one of the most competent and intelligent women that Tina knew. "I'm just saying, that attracting a little more attention with your looks and you'd be an unstoppable force. That sex appeal would go to your brain and unlock potential you didn't know you had."
"And just how do you know all of this, oh Grey-Head-of-Wisdom?" Tina scoffed.
"Because you I can read like a book," Dan smiled at her. "Miss Once-Bitten-Twice-Shy, So Don't Even Look At Me Little Mouse," he teased before becoming serious. "Look, you'd be smoking hot with a little extra on your chest and a little effort with the hair and makeup. Women being jealous of you and men panting over you would have you realize that you're capable of far more than you've limited yourself to so far. But right now you're so hesitant that you second guess every decision you make on your own. When you're at work, you're fine-it's not your life you're deciding. But on your own, you're just whiling away the years and not really accomplishing anything."
Dan sat back, folded his arms, and contemplated her. Tina felt like a child again, even though she was his senior. "I tell you what," he said. "You and me become a regular couple. I'll push your boundaries respectfully for the next year or so, but you have the freedom to live your life. See if me pushing you lets you accomplish new things on your own, and we'll talk seriously about this again in a year and see if you've made progress. If you have, great-you're ready to start living. If you haven't, at least you'll have fun with a friend along the way. Deal?"
Tina contemplated. This wasn't what she'd been expecting-she'd expected him to want to be a couple and actually start dating, but he was keeping things much more casual between them. On the one hand, she was disappointed, but on the other, she was also filled with nervous anticipation. She reached her hand across the table. "Deal," she said as he took hers in his.
Dan winked at her. "That doesn't mean we can't have a little friendly sexual relationship on the side," he said teasingly. "Because if you're anywhere as turned on as I am, it'd be pure torture to NOT experience each other every now and again."
At his words, Tina looked down at her outfit-boobs almost falling out of her top, pubic region threatening to spill out of her shorts, derriere mostly exposed, and felt the return of the sexual energy that had started to drain out of her return with a rush. Without moving her head, she looked up at him through hooded eyes and nodded silently.
Dan sprang out of his seat and came around to help her up, then gathered both of their garbage to throw it in the trash. "In that case, I think we have one more stop to make," he said to her, before leading her from the mall by the hand. He helped her into the car, then rushed to the driver's seat. They quickly left the mall and headed to another part of town that Tina had rarely visited, even in her college days. It was known as the "Porn District", and Tina's heart thudded in her chest, her bosom rising and falling rapidly with nerves. He'd placed her hand on his thigh once they'd left the mall parking lot, and his was resting near her crotch on her bare thigh. Several times he slowed down in front of stores, only to pass them by, looking for something in particular. Finally, he seemed to make a decision and pulled into one.
"Let's go," he said, jerking her door open and extending his hand to help her out. "I think they're going to have just what we need in here." Tina looked at the store front where they were, "The Lion's Den". It was a plain, grey building with a tasteful red and white sign. A couple of cars were parked in the lot, which had the lights just becoming to turn on in the dusk.
Once inside, it was definitely a sex shop. Adult outfits were exhibited on one wall and there were several racks and shelves covering about a third of the floor space with more. A third of the space seemed to be movie racks, and Tina couldn't even begin to imagine all the smut that the store contained. Dan however, led her to the last of the thirds, the sex toys. A college-aged male was behind a counter there, and Dan led her straight to him.
"This is Tina. She's an uptight college professor and needs something to help her break the tension," Dan says to the young man. Tina blanched at the outright, possibly ruinous description of her, but couldn't help but notice the flush coming to the salesman's cheeks.
"Ummmm...what were you thinking?" The salesman stammered. Dan smirked at him.
"I don't know-I'm not a woman and I don't sell sex toys," he said roguishly. "That's why I came directly to you, so you could help her out."
The young man flushed an even deeper red, then quickly stepped out from behind the counter to lead them into the aisles. "What do you like?" he asked Tina.
Now it was Tina's turn to blush. "Um, I actually don't know," she said shyly. She couldn't look directly at either of the guys whose company she was in.
"Well, we can go pretty laid back to start, and if you see something you like, just let me know and we can look at it more," the salesman reassured her. Dan allowed her between himself and the salesman, who led them to a rack of finger vibes. "A lot of women like these," he said to them. "They're good for teasing the vaginal opening or using on the clitoris or nipples, but women don't seem to think they do much as far as vaginal stimulation. Plus, they're more in the lower-cost category, so if you buy one and don't get as much pleasure, you haven't lost much in the investment."
Tina was uncertain, but Dan quickly grabbed one off the rack for her. "I think she should at least try one, don't you?" he said to the young man. "What else do you have?"
The kid-Tina could see he was barely out of his teens, if he even was-then went to the simple dildos. "Some women really like these, but some think they're too vulgar," he offered, looking at Tina to gauge her reaction. She allowed her gaze to wander-they were in all shapes and sizes, and all kinds of different colors. The salesman slowly allowed them to meander a little, then guided them to another section with double dildos and more exotic kinds. Some of them made her blanche that anyone would try and fit such a mostrosity inside them, some were whimsical, some had double ends that she figured must be more for lesbians. Nothing really struck her fancy, and the salesman seemed to intuitively realize it.
They turned a corner, and were in an entirely different toy section-many different kinds of clamps. "Does the lady like her nipples being played with, up to and past the point of pain?" the young man asked.
Dan looked down at Tina. "Well, do you?" he asked.
Tina's eyes dropped in embarrassment to the floor. "I enjoyed when Mike would pull on them and bite at them," she told them.
"A lot of women do," the salesman said with more confidence. "Some enjoy having them clamped between some pinchers, some enjoy more the shields," he said, directing their gaze to a small showcase. Dan pounced. "I think she'd enjoy a couple of sets of these," he told the worker. Dan pushed Tina forward a little. "Pick a couple that strike your fancy," he directed her.
The store clerk stepped in, "Not all women's nipples are the same size, so she needs to be sized for a set," he informed them. Tina's eyes flashed up in shock, but the clerk was holding out a piece of cardboard with holes in it. "Just hold this in front of your breast, and find which size fits snuggly", he told her. Tina slipped it beneath her shirt and slipped her nipples into the holes until she found one that was comfortable. Placing her finger over it, she realized that Dan had been right earlier-by doing so, she had inadvertently given both of them a bit of a show. That realization made her nipples swell even more, and she gasped. "I'd tell you to get a size above, the size you think you want, and a size smaller," the young man said. "That way you've got quick play, longer play, and more acute play."
"Good idea," Dan said to him. He looked at the card and smiled in appreciation at Tina as he took note of the size. She picked out two different kinds-one with fancy edges that had a smooth ring for her nipple to fit through, and one that was more aggressive with little teeth all around the inside. Dan leered at her as he found three sizes of each.
"Just make sure to take them off every couple of hours," the salesman warned them. "Otherwise, I understand that getting them off is extremely painful." Seeming to think they were done, the salesman began to lead them back out to the checkout, but Tina caught sight of another kind of toys. These seemed to have multiple heads, and started to browse. Dan held the toys in one hand, his other splaying across her abdomen. His thumb teased beneath her breast, this little finger dipping below the waistband of her shorts. Tina craned her head back to look at him, and the salesman realized that they were no longer following him.
"Ah, I should have realized," he said. "Thrusters. Some have rabbit ears to stimulate the clitoris, some have rotating barrels to stimulate the g-spot better. All of them thrust in and out of the vagina, hence the name," he educated them. "Some have an anal stimulator as well, for the more adventurous. Some women swear by them, some think they're too noisy. I wasn't sure about you."
Dan reached for one with the rabbit ears and rotating barrel, dropping a couple of the shields in the process. Unthinkingly, Tina bent to pick them up, causing her shirt to slide over Dan's hand so that his hand was squarely on her breast. Instantly he began to squeeze and massage it, occasionally running his fingers over her firm nipples. He kept it there as she straightened, the salesman's eyes going directly to her chest as she did. "I think she'd look amazing with one of these running in and out of her, don't you," Dan said to the young man.
"Sure," the clerk croaked. "I think she'd look amazing regardless of that." Dan's finger pinched her nipple hard, making her squirm against him in pleasure.
"The trick is to letting someone see her do it," Dan replied. He began to pull a little bit and Tina gasped, her eyes going hooded. The hand arched, flashing a little bit of her breast to the clerk, and Tina felt her pussy gush at the experience. "Any ideas on getting her comfortable with opening up like that?"
His eyes fixed on the ripe flesh being shown him, the young man couldn't form a very coherent thought. "Just keep doing what you're doing," he finally stammered. "She seems to be enjoying."
Dan's hand switched to smoothing her skin, then he pulled his hand out from her shirt. "Ready?" he asked her brightly.
Tina wanted to scream, because she was ready to take him home and ride him the rest of the night but also didn't want the experience to end. She just pressed her lips together tightly and nodded, then followed the clerk to the desk. The toys were bought, and Tina was led back out to Dan's car. There, he kept hold of the bag after helping her in, and turned the light on to rifle through it. He offered her a set of the smooth but intricate rings. "Put them on," he ordered. Tina broke one free of the cardboard backing, then began to fish it under her shirt but Dan stopped her. "Take the shirt off first.," he ordered.
She looked at him. "Go ahead," he encouraged. "Take it off, let yourself enjoy it."
Slowly she peeled the tank top over her head, her breasts jiggling slightly.
"That's it," Dan encouraged her. She fed one nipple through the first shield, instantly feeling it swell against the cool metal. She quickly did the same to the other side, then gasped at the pleasure and raunchiness of the situation. Dan turned the light off, then put the car in gear. "Before we get going, take your shorts off," he instructed her. Quickly, she unbuttoned them and slipped them off, her new g-string staying on. Dan handed her the finger vibe and a battery to put into it. "All the way home," was his harried instruction. She looked at him, thoroughly aroused at all they'd done throughout the day, slipping the battery into the vibe before rotating the base to turn it on.
She started with one nipple as they pulled out onto the street, then switched to the other at the stop sign at the end. She barely noticed the group of people looking at her as they crossed the street, she was enjoying the sensations and memories of the day. Quickly, that became not enough, and she moved the vibe to her vulva. She could feel her clitoris becoming even more engorged and begin to peak through her lips. She resisted the urge to use the vibe on it right away, and instead just teased her outer lips, then progressed to her inner ones. She felt her nipples swelling even more against the shields to the point of just becoming uncomfortable and gasped in pleasure. Tina moved the vibe to inside her slit, and the sloppy sounds made her leak even more lubricant.
Just doing what felt good, Tina ran the toy from her opening to the root of her clitoris. The wet sounds were getting more prevalent as she played, and suddenly she gasped as Dan's hand came across and roughly pinched her nipple. Her eyes shot open as her gaze shot to him and she gave a guttural groan. Her free hand went to her other nipple, and she mimicked what he was doing. She started running the vibe up and over her clit occasionally, making her hips buck and writhe. She was close to cumming, and suddenly Dan whipped into a parking lot.
"Do it," he growled at her. "Cum."
For some reason, the instruction pushed her over the edge and she bit her lip to keep from shrieking. Her whole body convulsed in orgasmic bliss, and the whole car smelled of her sex.
Once Tina's breathing was getting close to being normal, Dan put the car into drive again, but pulled her upper body across the seat. He pulled his cock out, flopping it against her face. Her mouth opened of it's own volition as she took it inside. Dan's free hand pawed at her rear, and his words ground out again. "Keep that vibe going down there."
Tina kept working the vibe, more slowly this time, as she sucked Dan off. Within a few blocks, he was suddenly jerked the car into another parking lot and pushed down on the back of her head slightly, holding her in place as his hips thrust slightly and his penis throbbed in her mouth and throat. She hadn't done it in a while, but learned that Dan's ejaculate was more enjoyable than Mike's had been. She didn't mind swallowing as much as she could. Slowly, the throbs and spurts into her mouth ceased, and the hand that had wrapped itself in her hair pulled her head up.
"Did you enjoy all that?" Dan's voice came through. Tina nodded. "Good. Finish making yourself cum before we get home then, and we'll see what else we might figure out to do."
Tina once again stretched out against the seat and this time worked to make herself orgasm again more quickly, since she figured they were only a few blocks away from her car. She came again just as they were pulling in to the park parking lot. Dan allowed her to recover, then turned the light on so he could watch her get dressed again. He assisted her out of the car, then helped her move the bags to hers. Taking her in his arms, he gently kissed her.
"Play with those toys, figure out more of what you like," he instructed her. "And start dressing a little more sexy. I'll be around tomorrow and see what else we can get into." With that, Dan helped Tina into her car and watched her drive away, his mind on just how far he could push her.