Rachel had video called me. She was at work, but it was quiet and getting late, so she was talking about us maybe going away for a weekend or something. I saw Sean, one of the guys who'd been involved in my games before, in the background, so I said to her "just a second," and fired off a text message to him. I knew she thought he was cute, so I didn't think she'd put up much of a fight.
"Hey Sean, ask Rachel about the mark on her right breast, act like you don't know me"
I went back to the video call, and we carried on chatting. I watched as Sean came over to her and asked what the mark on her right breast was, and was it a tattoo or something. He probably couldn't have seen anything through her sweater, but she didn't know that.
She looked down, then looked at me in the video chat.
"You know what you have to do," I told her.
"Really?" she said, "this is work."
"Rules are rules," I said.
Sean looked confused, she looked worried.
"Can we go somewhere private?" she asked me.
"Sure," I said, "keep me on though, I'll watch."
She took his hand and led him through to what looked like a supplies closet. She shut the door behind them, and told him to lean up against it so nobody could come in. She propped the phone on a shelf.
"Can you see OK?" she asked me.
"Stand where you're going to stand," I said. "Yes, I can see you fine."
I started recording the video stream.
"OK," she told Sean. "You can't tell anybody about this, or I'll deny all knowledge and just stop the games."
I couldn't see Sean, and I didn't hear anything, so I'm assuming he nodded. She pulled her sweater off over her head. You could only just see part of one of the fading signatures on her right tit.
She unhooked her bra and took it off, showing him her tits, and the signatures on them. I'm guessing he was standing there staring at them. At the sudden exposure, her nipples started to harden.
"I was playing a game with my friend, and he got me to get guys to slap my tits until they were red and then sign them. The first guy I went to did my left tit, but the next place I went, there were two guys, so they took it in turns to slap my tits, then both signed my right tit."
"That's awesome," said Sean, from out of view.
She looked at me on her phone. I just looked back at her.
"There's more," she said, and started unbuttoning her jeans. I could see her hands were shaking a little. She pulled her jeans down, turning around to put her back to him as she did. You could see the signatures through her panties. She pulled her panties down, and carried on.
"I then had to get my butt spanked, and have the guy sign it. That's the signature on my left cheek. He thought I'd probably need to get my other cheek signed, so he suggested he call his neighbor, and she came over and spanked me again, and signed it. I lay over their laps with my skirt up and my panties pulled down while they spanked me."
"That's so cool," said Sean.
"There's more," she said with a sigh, and turned around to face him. He could now see her shaved pussy, with my signature above it.
"When I got back to Dan's, we had sex while I told him about my... adventures... and I asked him to spank my pussy. When he'd finished, he signed it."
"Unreal," said Sean.
"What happened between getting your butt spanked and fucking me?" I asked.
She turned and looked at the phone.
"Um, I went back to repay the guy for helping me out, and stripped off and was going to give him a hand job. It was taking longer than I thought, so I ended up sucking him off," she said sheepishly.
"I don't understand. Why do you mean go back?" Sean asked.
"It was while I was delivering," she said.
"These were customers?" he asked incredulously.
She nodded.
"That's why your tips are so high!" he said, jokingly.
She nodded.
"I think he deserves something to keep your secret," I said.
She looked at me through the phone.
"Have him hold the phone," I said, "and you can suck his dick."
Again, I thought, but she didn't know she'd done it before.
She picked up the phone and gave it to Sean, and I watched her kneel down in front of him from his point of view. She unbuttoned his jeans, then pulled the zip down. She pulled his jeans and underwear down a little until his dick fell out, almost hitting her in the face. She ran her hands up and down it, then ran her tongue around the head before putting it in her mouth. I watched as she bobbed her head backwards and forwards, looking up at Sean, and me through the video call. It didn't take long for Sean to cum in her mouth, and she held her mouth open for a few seconds, so we could see the cum before she swallowed it.
She pulled his underwear and jeans up, tucking his dick away carefully as she did, then buttoned them and zipped him up.
"Please don't tell anybody," she pleaded.
Sean's a nice guy, I trust him to not ruin this for us.
She pulled her panties and jeans back up, then put on her bra and sweater. Sean stepped closer to her, and she gave him a hug, then took the phone as they went back to work.
"Asshole," she said to me, "I'll see you later."