Before you start to read this I'd like you to know this is based on true events that happened this year. When I first started writing my writing wasn't so detailed. I have learnt and been taught how to write better in the way I perform. Its still very much my style but I have had to revert back to how I was writing then.
The start of the story is me showing my path and there is action later on. I hope you enjoy it, I know for some it won't be their cup of tea but I just wanted to write these experiences.
Daddyg thank you for watching over me protecting me and for all of your advice. All the other bunnys and I appreciate you. Thank you for giving me that chance that very first day.
------------------------------------------------------
Christmas had passed and I'mlockdown truly was a bore. What do you do when your stuck in the house with your parents and your older sister. In those first few days of lockdown Summer had snuck out a few times under the pretence of exchanging work with her college friends. Instead she had met up with guys and gone to one of the local car parks where Summer knew it was quiet. Sometimes it would be a quick blow job before the guy went back to his wife, but occasionally it was more. Summer enjoyed being out in the open with men old enough to be her dad, some were her friends dad's. The thought of being seen while she was being used for their mutual pleasure made Summer very needy at times. Being fucked in the back seat or over the bonnet, she just loved the thrill of it.
All that had come to an end as everyone stayed in doors. The older men couldn't slip out for a bit of pleasure and so Summer lay on her bed chatting with friends on her phone. Up popped a message from her cousin asking how she was doing. The messages got around to how boring it was being at home, totally frustrating! Summers cousin knew exactly what she meant and decided to share something with her that she had tried just to relieve the boredom. Summer gasped as she read the next text message.... "So I was laying on my bed bored and horny. I'm sure you've been playing with yourself more while we've been in lockdown, I just wanted some attention, some interaction." Summer continued to read on, "I found a chat site, not just any chat site a sex chat site, OMG I've been talking about all sorts, you should really try it if your as horny as I've been feeling". Summer was intrigued by it. If her cousin had enjoyed it, well it was worth looking at.
That evening Summer laid in bed in her strappy black nightie and her white knickers. She googled 321 chat... sex chat... there it was. First of all think of a name... something naughty, something teasing, something that might provoke reactions. Then it came to her.... Sinderella. Sin would be naughty till midnight, till she ran away leaving them wanting more. Summers imagination was increasing by the second as the chat menu opened up. Where would she go? Porn room sounded a bit basic, taboo room was she ready for that? Sluts for humiliation oh my god that was one she might look into just imagine the conversations she could have with guys their. Younger for older.... mmmm dads to chat to and tease. Hiding from there wives, cocks out wanking over what Summer said to them. This was a room to explore but maybe not tonight. Be naughty room it was, she read the rules and then she was in watching images flashing up. GIFs and pictures of all sorts. Spanking, fucking, lesbian, BBC everything started popping up. Summers hand was rubbing her clit. Thoughts filling her head taking her nightie off, she lay teasing herself. Typing, saying hello, telling people how she liked the GIFs being posted and then people inquired about her.
No hiding anything telling them how horny she was how she needed a damn good fucking, how she loved sucking cocks, even the thoughts she had when talking with her friends. They had talked about kissing other girls and what it would feel like. The girls in the chat room made her welcome, a little newbie. The guys in the room started private messaging her. "Hi how are you" was polite but not what she wanted. "Come on Sinderella show us your tits or show us that cunt of yours" perked her attention but she wasn't going to show intermate pics. Then there was "Hi Sinderella, just read your profile you sound like a perfect little fuckslut". Something about being called names like fuckslut and whore just made her feel.... whore like! Would they really interact with her and play nasty as she craved.
Life was boring, staying in to protect herself and her family from this stupid virus, but not doing the things she craved. These guys were just what she needed to remind Summer of what she truly wanted and who knows maybe she would find something more. She never thought she would love fucking dads, but after that first time she couldn't help but want older men. Midnight struck... Sinderella would have to leave for now, get some sleep and come back and experiment tomorrow.
That night Summers dreams were filled with a lot of sexual thoughts. Her body reacting to the thoughts filling her head. One hand touching her pussy the other squeezing her tit. She could feel the men's touch as they took control of her. Summer woke early that morning, her hand sliding down into her thong. Wet and sticky. She picked up her phone and typed in the web address, up flashed images. Images that had pretty much been in her dreams.
Summer looked at the rooms. Gloryhole had 34 people in, not hundreds but enough to interact with or at least see what it was like. This room was different, the introduction described it as a gloryhole and bar, a room for people to come and play safely and enjoy themselves. Summer lay in her bed watching the screen she wanted to interact with real people outside her family even if it was online.
As she read the interactions on screen she realized that this was a place she would fit in. Debauchery everywhere! Guys interacting with the bar staff. The girl bar staff being bunnys, were offering services not just drinks. Some were interacting with "customers to the bar". Summer read how some were being fucked or sucking on cock. In her head she was there! Summer plucked up the courage to say Hi in the chat just to get a feel for the room. The bartender welcomed her and said he hadn't seen her before, was she looking for a job? "A job?" she asked back, " yes are you looking to become a bunny he wrote back. As she spoke to the bar tender the fucking continued on. She was reading what the girls were doing. A couple of private messages came in and she opened them.
A third message came in and the name seemed familiar. Daddyg where had she read that, was it last night or was it just one of the guys on the screen. Summer replied to the bartender that she was just watching for now it was only her second day on the site and she would join in the fun soon. She opened the private message from Daddyg. Oh that's where she had seen the name. The message said that he was the owner of the room and welcome to the Gloryhole and Bar. Summer replied back saying thank you for the greeting. As she returned the message he was sending Summer another message.
He had looked at her profile and seen that she was only 18, just on the limit for the site. He had also looked at her profile picture and read what she had written on her profile. In that next message he wrote that he noticed that she was 18 and a lot of guys would like her, she should be careful. it was a sex chat site but some guys would try to take advantage of someone so young. He suggested that maybe if she wanted to "play" with some of the guys that she did it in the main room rather than in private messages that way his moderators could monitor she was alright. Summer didn't expect someone to look after her she just expected someone who would be suggestive and want online sex.
Summer chatted to Daddyg about the room and how she would like to play at some point when she has the confidence. Daddyg told her that her picture was lovely and it was probably a good idea that she hadn't shown the entire "Sinderella picture" on the site... leave something to the imagination. He gave her one last piece of advice, her profile might just attract the wrong kind of guy. "into daddies" "love being fucked outside" and other phrases might attract a certain kind of guy that might want to control her.
Summer said that she appreciated the advice and yes maybe it needed to be rewritten. She logged off with this guys words in her head. How could she show herself off as Sinderella without having all the perverts after her but still attract the guys she wanted to play with? She ate breakfast with her sister and her mother. Neither had any idea what Summer had been up to, how she was thinking of fucking guys online in a bar.
As she sat at the table doing college work to email to her tutor she imagined being dressed as a bunny for the guys in the bar. Her costume tight over her breasts showing off her cleavage. Her round ass trapped in it.... or would it, would it be hanging out, would it be thong back Showing off her ass to the whole world or at least the bar. She would be in heels maybe fishnets is that what bunnys wore to make guys look at their legs. Maybe this was something she needed to put in her profile describing herself.
Homework completed... everything was homework these days. She sat at the table phone in hand. Edit profile....
Sinderella
Hi I'm Sinderella or Sin for short.
I'm new here just looking around, finding what to explore while in lockdown. Yes I'm looking to chat and play, and make life a little less boring.
I'm quite curvaceous, you would enjoy my boobs, a handful for anyone, and a well rounded ass too. As you can see from my profile pic thighs that love to straddle you and ride you.
I'll be your temptation, your addiction, your Sin
-------------------------------------------------------
It would do for now and she could work on it constantly till she was happy. Summer looked at her private messages, nothing overly exciting she wanted to pursue, maybe with this teasing on her profile the responses might be a bit naughtier. Which room to go to? Lets go back to the Gloryhole she thought as she clicked on it. There were people chatting away, ordering their virtual drinks sitting at the bar, one couple were teasing one another, nothing to racy but getting there. Another message came in....
Daddyg again.... So you came back to the Gloryhole, you must like it here? I see you updated your profile, i like the description. A bit more teasing. Have you ever thought of working in the bar as a bunny?
Well its not everyday that Summer got offered that kind of job. Yes this was a virtual world, could it do any harm to play as a bunny? "So what exactly does a bunny do?" Summer replied in a message. "
"Well we have all sorts of Bunnys some are comfortable just serving drinks and chatting and if that's what you would like to do then you are more than welcome to have a trial, others entertain the customers. That might be in a gloryhole or in the bar, we have various areas to the bar where people can play. Some customers want to play in private messages but i recommend you play in the main room first to get comfortable. If anyone gets out of hand we have moderators who will kick people out so you don't need to worry." Daddyg informed me.
"Sounds like something i could try while im on here, see if i like it see if im any good at it." Summer replied. Daddyg smiled to himself from behind his computer. "Take your time Sinderella chat to some of the other bunnys like Bunny19 or Busty, they are online now i will tell them you are new and on trial. All i ask of you is that on your profile you put that you are a bunny at the Gloryhole and Bar... when your ready to be a fully fledged bunny"
I can do that Summer thought to herself. Instead of just laying there with her vibrator teasing herself she would have guys lusting over her wanting to be with her.... virtually touching her, undressing her, playing with her. All sorts were going through Summers head, it had been so long during lockdown since she had a really good fucking. Let's do this she thought.
She chatted to the other girls and watched for a while. Girls giving blowjobs in the bar, having there clothes ripped off and being fucked. It was quite horny to read. Summer was there imagining it was her, hell why wasnt it her why didnt she join in. Could she? Would she? Would she be any good these other girls wrote so well.
Up popped a question from Jacob44 "Are there any bunnys free?" Deep breath.... let's do this Summer thought, let's be Sinderella, let's be Sin. Summer typed back a reply into the chat room. "Jacob44 Hi I'm new here my first day as a bunny can I get you a drink or would you like something else". Several messages passed by as other people spoke then she saw her name lit up. "Sinderella Hi I was wanting to try one of the gloryholes would you be willing?" This was it, this was her moment. There was a tingling inside Summer, her pussy was ready for this, her mouth was ready for it, her whole body was ready to be a Gloryhole bunny, her fingers left her clit to type back. "Jacob44 of course I'm willing to try, it's my first time but I'll try my best. Follow me to the booths I'll be waiting for you"
Jacob replied "Sinderella I watch you disappear into the booth and I slip into my half and see the hole in the wall knowing you're the other side I unzip my pants and slide down my boxers my cock growing at the thought of a pretty young woman about to suck on it, I slowly push it through the hole"
Summer laying on her bed was squirming with the thought of this cock coming through. She lay there opening her mouth wanting to take the cock for real. The visions in her head! But she needed to write back. "Jacob44 as your cock slides through the hole in the wall my eyes light up, you can hear me say wow! as I look down at it and reach out. More and more of your cock slides through the hole. Gripping it gently I lower my head down and taste your cock as I wrap my lips around it"
Jacob responds as quickly as he can "Sinderella oh that feels so nice having your hand gripping my cock. I'm pushing it all through for you. Suck my cock for me"
"Jacob44 I'll do more than just suck your cock for you, my lips wrap round the head of your cock, as I stroke your cock up and down. My tongue teasing the tip of your cock. its throbbing away in my hand. I run my tongue up and down your shaft, running my lips over it, I slap it against my cheek, your balls coming through the hole, holding them in my other hand caressing them"
By this time Jacob was sat at home somewhere in America with his cock out stroking himself to Summers words. His wife had gone to work and he needed a release. His cock in hand he read every reply wishing this young woman was there doing as she said. Imagining her mouth round his cock, her hands touching him, and he couldn't touch her.
But in England Summer was laying on her bed now in just her white lace bra and her white lace thong. She had came on to find something to get her through lockdown. Writing with guys like this made it feel real again. If he wasn't in a gloryhole she would of been letting him touch her. Instead she had undressed so she could touch herself. Finishing her last message to him she held her phone in her right hand and let her left hand go straight down. Yes, no surprise there, her knickers were getting soaked with her juices flowing. Rubbing her clit through those soaked panties was nice, it felt good but... Summer moved them aside her fingers now in her juices slowly teasing her clit....
Then her name appeared again "Sinderella I love how your touching my cock how your cupping my balls. Your mouth feels so good keep going i want to fill your mouth with my cum"
Summer had to somehow write back while touching herself, this Jacob was probably typing one handed while he wanked himself she thought (and she was right). Yes it was possible to rub and type on her phone but her spelling would deteriorate. She tried rolling over onto her tummy placing the phone in front of and typing. Her tits hanging down in her bra. Her ass on show if anyone walked in on her. At this moment she didnt care she was with Jacob sucking his cock.... reallly sucking his cock. She remembered what that felt like all those weeks ago. She reached into her drawer and took out the vibrator. 8 inches long it wasnt veiny but it was a cock for her mouth.
There was a time for Summer to cum and this wasnt it she had to put her customer first. She rolled over and slipped off the bra, pushed her ass up in the air and peeled the thong down out of her ass cheeks and down her legs flicking it off onto the floor. Now she was Sinderella, now she was Sin! Laying naked talking with a guy twice her age sucking his cock virtually.
The tip of her vibrator pushed into her mouth her tongue circled it. Her lips moistening it. She was ready to give Jacob his orgasm he needed.
"Jacob44 I wrap both my hands round your shaft feeling how big it is in my hands, I need more than just feeling it my lips once again slide down onto it. This time I take more into my mouth. I'm desperate to please you my head bobbing up and down as I wank your cock. You taste so good." As Summer finished writing it she naturally lay legs spread, she could easily fuck her pussy with the vibe but no she had picked it up and was sucking it off just
like the real thing.
"Sinderella you are a fantastic little cock sucker"
Well that was short, he was obviously wanking hard and couldnt type Summer thought. "Jacob44 Yes I'm your cock sucker loving every inch of your cock, each time I go down I'm taking more and more into my mouth. I'm hungry for your cum, us bunnys love to make our men cum, and cum hard. Let me taste your cum fill my mouth with it. I want it Jacob44"
The thought of this little british slut sucking Jacobs cock became way to much. Instead of his 42 year old wife, a young girl was wanting his cum, almost begging for it. He wanted to type to her but he was so close, Visually in his head he could feel her mouth taking all of his cock, god when was the last time his wife had her mouth round his cock let alone swallowed his cum.
"Sinderella I'm close, your going to swallow it all aren't you"
"Jacob44 of course sir it would be rude not to, I love the taste of cum and if your going to let me have it I'm going to swallow every drop like every good bunny does"
At that moment the words, the visual thoughts and the lust got to much for Jacob. Working his cock cum started to fly out of it. Oh my god this was way better than any wank he had looking at porn. Oh god he was making a mess on his keyboard his trousers and the floor. All he could type was "I'm cumming sin"
No name attached she could have easily of missed it but there it was for all to see. She had just done her first gloryhole, just made her first guy cum there. Summer was one of the bunnys now. Maybe still on trial but soon a full "blown" bunny. Her heart was beating with the excitement. God that was actually a thrill.
"Jacob44 swallowing all your cum as you fill my mouth. You can't see how happy this bunny is but now I'm a cummy bunny and I love it, pulling your cock out and swallowing what's in my mouth I lick your cock tip of the last drops of cum. I rub your cock over my lips like applying lip gloss to them. Special lip gloss I'll be able to taste your cum as I lick my lips"
"Sinderella I'm going to have to go you were fantastic I hope I come across you again here that was so good"
"Jacob44 you can cum across me anytime *giggles. I hope I was alright that was my first time here in the bar"
"Sinderella that was fantastic. Really your first time wow your good at it"
Then others started saying the same thing in comments, these people had been watching her perform. People were watching what she wrote and they thought it was.... horny.
"Jacob44 thank you for saying that and remember I am your Sweetest Sin"
After Summer answered a few messages she noticed another request for a bunny.... this time he wanted to fuck.... this time the show was going to be different. Still for all to see but this time Sin was going to show how she fucked, this was going to be fun.....
----------------------------------------------------
Among those admirers that evening was one man who would take Summers adventure down paths she never imagined. A new private message popped up...