Palms sweaty, I stare at the email and read it once, twice, and then one more time.
Should I tell him where I live? Give him full access to me at anytime?
But something about doing it here doesn't seem to match the excitement of the auditorium.
I sit down and reply to his email.
Dear Rio,
Kindly stick to our normal schedule of meeting at the auditorium. It would definitely be better for both our performances.
And hit send.
A few days later while getting ready for work, I get a message from the head of department, professor Devin Bates, asking me to see him in the office.
I finish getting ready quickly and head over to his office. When I arrive, I knock on the door, waiting for his loud "come in!"
When I walk inside, Professor Bates is sitting behind his desk, filling up the space. Devin is what you would call a silver fox. Very tall, hair all grey, matching his beard, and I dont think he skipped a gym day in the last 10 years maybe. Hottest late 50s man Ive seen in a long time.
I sit in front of him and wait. He sighs and rubs the bridge of his nose.
"Natalia, its been brought to my attention that you might be... involved with a student."
"There's no way I would do something like that, professor! Who could have said something like that about me?"
Shit, who could've known?! Did Rio brag about it?
"Natalia, You don't have to bluff. I know you've been involved. I'm certain of it. Unfortunately this doesnt only look bad for you, it also looks bad for me."
"Professor Bates, please-"
"I know because Rio is my son."
I sit still, trying to absorb what was just said. I fucked the head of department's son? Can my luck get any worse?
"I'll make you a deal, Natalia. You're a gorgeous woman with a great body and probably a greater stamina and experience. I dont believe Rio will do it for you."
"Excuse me?"
"What do you say you leave him and let me do the job properly?"
Devin stands up and moves to kneel in-front of me. He grabs my ankle and starts kissing it slowly. He looks up for approval, and I don't reject him.
Maybe I wanna try the more seasoned option.
He keeps kissing until he reaches my inner thighs.
"Lift your skirt, Natalia. Show me what my boy has been feasting on"
I lift my skirt for him to expose my lace thong. He pulls me towards the edge and gives my pussy a kiss.
He moves it aside and starts slowly licking my clit. I open up wider for him. And he starts licking between my folds with very fast strokes. Very different from Rio, but just as amazing.
"Stand up and put your leg on my shoulder."
I do as he asked and my head rolls back from the feeling of his tongue between my pussy lips.
Suddenly, he puts one finger inside my pussy and starts to fuck me with it. His mouth latches on my clit and starts rubbing, and sucking it.
"Fuck, Im coming!" I scream.
I cum all over my head of department's face. Making a mess of his silver beard.
He gently puts down my leg and stands up, towering over me like his son did a few days ago.
He takes me to his glass windows and pushes me to it. He starts unzipping and positioning himself behind me.
"Wait, what if someone sees us."
"No one is coming by in the next hour.I made sure of that. Now let me fuck this pussy that my son has filled with his cum. I know he's not big on wearing condoms. I do promise I'll fill you up better."
He pushes his dick inside me and starts moving. The slaps of our skin filling the place. His hands move towards my buttoned up shirt and rips it open, then he pushes my bra down. My tits are now on display for anyone walking and thought of looking up.
And fuck do I love this. I hate to think it, but Rio's dad is something else.
He continues to pound in me hard and fast. His finger starts prodding my asshole, and I jump.
"Ever been fucked there, Natalia?"
"Just once"
"Once is enough. Thats good."
Devin slows his pace his down, and suddenly he starts chucking.
"Right on time"
Devin pushes my face towards a certain angle to see the parking lot in front of his office, and I suddenly notice Rio standing there looking furious. Oh shit!
"Shit, Devin stop! Please!"
I try to push him away, but he doesn't budge. Instead, he picks up speed and starts fondling my tits in front of his son.
"My son is only mad that he didn't warm up your pussy first. This will teach him to know his limits"
Rio starts running towards the building to probably head towards his dad's office.
"Please, Devin, I feel like I did something wrong"
"Shush now, just focus on the feeling of my dick stuffing your pussy, and let me worry about my son."
Devin turns us around to see
the door suddenly wide open, showing a fuming Rio standing there staring at us. He walks in and slams the door shut.
"Why her!! You knew I liked her!!"
Rio screams
" watch how I bring your professor to ecstasy, boy. Maybe you'll learn something."
I stare at Rio as Devin fucks me hard and fast, until Im coming on his dick, and he fills me up with cum. My eyes roll back and I moan so loud.
"Fuck yes,Devin! Oh fuck! Make it drip between my thighs"
After Ive milked his dick, Devin pulls out and leaves me standing there staring at Rio.
"You know, boy, you're kicking and yelling, but it seems like you didnt hate it so much."
My eyes travel south to see a very obvious bulge in Rio's jeans.
He liked it! He liked watching me get fucks by his dad!
"She has to get back to work, boy. Why don't you be a good son, and clean her up before she leaves?"
Devin says as he stands in front of his desk looking at us.
I stare back at Rio. Is he going to actually do it?
"Yes, dad"
To be continued