I had just gotten out of an affair.
Truth be told, in hindsight, I was only in it to satisfy a sexual need. Fucking him had been great. Passionate and deep. He always made me come over and over again. We both liked it a lot. But I needed out, needed something else, something different.
The first few days after the break up I was depressed and confused, I was losing a friend and confident as well as a lover. But then something clicked, it was the sex I needed not the man.
As the days went by, I became distracted, every man on the street presented a sexual opportunity that could happen if I just made the first move. But my shyness prevented it.
I began to read erotic fiction again, browse on line forums for horny men, I was constantly horny and desirous.
The first guy I wrote to wanted an insatiable nympho to fuck for hours, I thought that would be a good start. He wrote back instantly and sent a picture of himself. He was handsome if not entirely my type, but I knew I could happily fuck him.
I had found a new sense of adventure in exchanging emails with him, everytime I wrote to him I needed to masturbate afterwards, and I came each time like a champion.
I started to chat on line with men and tell them how much I needed their big cocks in my mouth, this was well received and my confidence grew. I couldn't go a day without masturbating at least twice, sometimes filming myself to see how hot I looked as I fucked my vibrator. It was such a turn on. On occasion I would open the curtains wide and walk around my house naked, hoping my neighbours would see me and whether man or woman, would find me hot and sexy enough to touch themselves, I wanted to be their little secret. I knew at least one of them had seen me fuck my lover. I liked thinking about how much of a turn on that would be for them. I wanted to be seen.
I met the guy from online for drinks at a cocktail bar in Manhattan.
By the time we met, I was so turned on at the prospect of having sex with a stranger that I had already booked a hotel room. It was somewhere I had always wanted to stay, A trendy hotel with floor to ceiling windows. Would I have the nerve to fuck with the curtains open? I really hoped I did. This was a long-standing fantasy and this would be an opportunity to act out the fantasy with someone who was as insatiable as me.
The drinks went down well and quickly, we talked about ourselves a little, but not giving too much away about our private lives. We did not know each others real names. This made it more titillating and seemed safer.
When we got to the subject of sex we were by now a little tipsy and feeling brave. He told me how attracted he was to me, and how he wanted to squeeze my tit as he slipped a hand up my dress to my moist pussy. I was indeed moist by this stage and could see his cock grow as he spoke. I stood for a moment to get the bar tenders attention, as I did, my right hand quietly moved back and rubbed his cock through his trousers. He was hard as a rock and throbbing and let out a little gasp as my hand traced the length of it, slowly and deliberately. His cock was big and I wanted it inside me.
My pussy was practically on fire. I could feel my panties sticking to my pussy I was so wet.
I turned around to him as he sat on the bar stool, and rubbed my crotch into his knee, slowly, secretly. Our eyes were locked in an intense hungry stare. He could see my wetness seep through the fabric of my black silk dress and my braless nipples getting hard. I pulled away and regained my composure as best I could.
We ordered drinks, I wondered when I should approach the subject of the hotel. As hungry as we both were for each other, this was still a new experience.
I told him how I had masturbated everytime after writing to him, he thought this was extremely hot and said he would like to watch me do that sometime. This was my cue, I said "how about in 20 minutes?" We paid our check, this would be our little naughty adventure.
We were within walking distance of the hotel, it was still bright out and the warm breeze was making my pussy and my nipples tingle as my dress sashayed around the naked skin beneath.
He pushed me into an dark doorway and kissed me passionately and deeply, it took my breath away, then I felt his hand lift up my dress and rub my soaking clit, he inserted a finger deep within me. God it felt so good to have a man be so daring and confident. I wanted him to finger fuck me right there and then. But I pushed him away, I wanted to keep him hot and bothered. We laughed as we both knew we were in for one hell of a night.
We got to the hotel and checked in, I told them we were celebrating a new beginning and asked them to send up 2 bottles of chilled champagne and fresh cream and strawberries. The look in the concierges eye told me he knew exactly what was going on. He said he would send up somebody as soon as possible.
As we got in the elevator, I dropped the straps of my dress so that he could see my breasts in all their glory. He immediately cupped them firmly and sucked on my nipples.
The room was beautiful, with a free standing bathtub in the middle, and a king size bed facing the large naked window. He was impressed. We looked in awe at the view for a few minutes, feeling the intensity of the situation grow in unison.
He stood behind me, his hands started to explore my body through the silk.
He rubbed my tits with a strong firm hand as his other hand found its way between my legs. His hand rubbed my wet hot pussy as I began to moan. He turned me around and pressed me against the glass as he lifted my dress to expose my ass to the people below us. This was exactly how I imagined it. He removed my dress and I stood there with only my panties, stockings and suspenders covering me. He stood back to stare at me with hungry passionate eyes. He could see my lust.
I started to undress him, slowly starting with his shirt, biting his nipples and running my nails all over his skin.
I moved on to his belt, unzipped his pants and slowly pulled them down. His cock was rock hard and eager to be freed. I did so with my mouth, I sucked up the pre cum on the tip and put as much as I could inside my hungry mouth, he moaned loudly as I moved my lips and tongue around his manhood slowly, sucking and licking him. He was so fucking big and hard. It was amazing that this was all for me.
He held my head in his hands and pulled my hair back as I filled myself with his cock, our eyes locked.
I wanted to feel his cock rub my pussy but I couldn't get enough of him in my mouth.
He picked me up off the floor and stood me against the window again, He removed my panties but left my stockings on. As he bit my nipple and rubbed my tit he slid two fingers inside my pussy, I was so wet and hot, he moaned and lifted me up as he pushed me against the window.
He lifted me up just high enough that he could put his big cock inside me, he fucked me deeply as we kissed, our tongues exploring each others mouths with intensity.
It was such a good cock, slamming hard inside my tight pussy. Fucking me the way I needed it.
I knew we were being watched by people outside, I could feel their eyes on us, lusting after what we were experiencing right in front of them. The idea of this was making me hotter than I had ever felt before.
As he pounded me I could feel my orgasm taking over my sanity, by now we were both loud and sweaty to the point of no return. My pussy electrified as I felt him explode all over my pussy and then my tits and into my mouth. We were both panting and moaning as we continued to come over and over again. He put his fingers back inside my swollen soaking cunt and made me come twice more.
The minute he threw me on the bed and collapsed beside me, there was a knock at the door. It was perfect timing for Champagne.
I put his shirt over my still panting body and opened the door. The girl on the other side was beautiful, low cut uniform with a sensuous cleavage. She could see that I'd just been fucked and gave me a smile that was curious and shy. As she pushed the cart into the room I could see her tight ass sway back and forth. I could see he noticed it too.
She was in her early 30's and had a calm and quietly confident vibe. She was hot.
She asked if she should open the champagne and serve the strawberries. We both agreed she should, with almost excitement in our voices.
She turned on another lamp by the bed and proceeded to spoon strawberries and cream into bowls for us, it was very erotic. She paused, dipped one into the cream and offered it to me, holding in front of my mouth. My shirt fell open as I leaned forward to take it between my teeth. She looked at my naked tits and then looked me in the eyes with lust and confusion.
He came up behind me and removed the shirt. I could feel his hard cock between my legs again as he gently massaged my tits in front of our new friend.
She walked towards both of us, she kissed me deeply and put her hands on top of his as he continued to rub my tits.
His cock was trying to enter me from behind as the passion grew between us.
Our new friend released her beautiful breasts from her uniform and lay down naked on the bed before us. I climbed on top of her, straddling her with my ass in the air and kissed her again. He stood behind me and watched us devour each other as his cock found my cunt. He fucked me slowly from behind. I sucked on her big beautiful tits with my fingers rubbing her wet sex. She moaned loudly as I inserted my fingers inside her. We were all writhing in tempo with each other, him fucking me, me fucking her, we squeezed and bit each others skin with passion.
I could feel he was about to come as his pounding got stronger, her emerging orgasm intensifying, my body starting to shake and tremble. As she started to scream with pleasure, we all came at the exact same time, moaning loudly and rubbing our hot sweaty bodies against each other, writhing sucking and licking . It was delicious and none of us wanted to stop.
He fell on the bed from exhaustion, But she wanted more. She straddled his face with her steaming hot pussy, his tongue began flicking her clit and he began to get hard again. I sucked his cock and licked up the juices, he was completely hard in seconds. I needed to sit on his cock, take him inside me again.
I looked in her eyes as I mounted him and bit her nipples hard as he slipped his cock inside my still dripping pussy. As he licked her cunt, he pounded my pussy, her tits bounced gently up and down. I held on to them as we all fucked and fucked each other hard. The look on her face was something I had always wanted to see in a woman. She was in ecstasy.
As we climaxed it was as if we were one.
She had to get back to work she said, not even sure if she could walk properly.
She asked how long we were staying, we looked at each other and said, "not sure, maybe a week?"
She winked and walked out of the room with the look of an animal in heat in her eyes... I knew she'd be back.