The next morning came with a headache, the desperate need for coffee, and a feeling of "oh crap, did we do something wrong?" As I rolled out of bed and down the stairs, I felt a little relief as I could smell coffee brewing. Matt, who as of a few hours before was most likely going to need a liver transplant, was in the kitchen acting like the dickhead he is for never getting a hangover.
"Hey Tom, thanks for a fun night last night, I can barely remember anything after doing shots at The Blue Oyster. I didn't do anything that's going to get me in trouble, did I?"
"No," I said with a grin, "YOU didn't do anything wrong."
"What's that supposed to mean?" Asked Matt, feeling a little nervous.
"Don't worry about it, Mike took a few interesting pictures we can delete, but you should see them before he does."
"Uhhh ok. Speaking of Mike, I think I hear him staggering around upstairs."
A few minutes later, Mike came downstairs looking the same way I felt. He managed to cover it up a little by saying "well well, if it isn't Mr Too Drunk To Enjoy Himself."
"Alright, that's the second rather evasive remark about last night. Can you just tell me what happened?" Asked Matt.
"Sure, we could tell you, or... We could show you!"
"What's that mean?" Asked Matt starting to get really apprehensive.
"Not so fast! A man needs his coffee in the morning first, right? Give me a second and I'll show you some evidence your fiancé would not be too happy with." Mike was loving dragging this out, and I had to admit, watching Matt's skin crawl was rather funny.
"Oh shit, come on. Just freaking show me what you've got so I can start coming up with excuses just in case."
"Alright, just a little cream, a little...sugar. Alright. So... Remember how you said no strip clubs and no hiring strippers, right?" Mike was loving dragging this out.
"Uhh... yeah... You better not have done anything, because I really want to look my fiancé in the eye and truthfully say we didn't hire any strippers or go to a club or anything!!"
"And you can!" I chimed in. "We did not go to a strip club or hire any girls to get naked for you."
"We did however have our roommate Alex get topless, straddle you, and shove her tits in your face!" Mike exclaimed, showing Matt a picture on his camera, and really enjoying himself at the moment.
"What!!" Cried Matt, almost a little too loud. He grabbed the phone out of Mike's hand.
"Jesus. I mean God damn."
I was starting to think that this was not such a good idea, but then Matt really surprised me.
"That is some hot shit. Holy crap! How many pictures did you take?"
"A lot, like fifty maybe..." said Mike. "Want me to text them?"
"Umm shit no! EMAIL them to my personal account. My fiancé might see them if you text, but she doesn't know my email password. I mean, Jesus, look at these tits! Too bad you didn't get any pictures of her completely naked."
"Yeah I had to put my phone down for that. I needed both hands. "
"Wait, what? Are you serious? No way. You didn't bang your new roommate, did you?"
"Yes we did!" I happily proclaimed.
"Wait both of you? Are you insane!"
"What? Why?"
"Because! You have to live with her for like another year! You guys are all on the lease. Do you not think it's going to be just a little uncomfortable living with her now? Grant it she seems really cool, but I can guarantee you that's going to change starting when she wakes up."
Mike and I looked at each other.
"Yeah, you know what? Ummm this might be bad actually." I said.
"Yeah, well... What were we supposed to do. She's dancing naked, starts going down on me and practically invites you to spit roast her. Shit, this is going to be bad."
"You guys did her at the same time? I don't even know what to say, but I want nothing to do with this. I'm calling an uber and am going to wait on the porch." Matt said.
Mike and I started talking about our options. We both agreed that acting like nothing happened would be the best bet, and to never mention anything in front of Alex. We were drunk, she was drunk, maybe, just maybe she wouldn't remember. A brief second later, Matt poked his head in the door.
"My ride is here. Thanks for a fun night. And also. Send me those pictures!"
"What pictures?" Said a voice from behind Mike and I.
"Oh crap" was my first thought.
"Oh nothing, Alex. Just pictures from last night."
"The ones with my tits in his face, or the lame ones from the bar?"
Well, there goes the slight chance that she was too drunk to remember. "Ummm just everything I guess. Don't worry I'm not going to send him anything." Said Mike, looking like the biggest pussy since Ross from Friends.
Alex smiled, "don't worry, they're just tits. I'm glad he got a chance to see them, even if he won't remember." She went off into the kitchen to get herself some coffee.
I looked and Mike, and we both seemed to relax a little, but I know I was still very apprehensive about bringing anything up from last night. So the two of us sat on a couch and turned on Netflix, hoping to just avoid any conversation.
Alex came back in the room and said, "I think we should talk about last night."
No man in the world ever wants to hear those words. Especially at 9:00 in the morning while hungover and having to worry about living with constant tension until your lease runs out.
"Yeah, I guess we probably should." I said.
I couldn't believe what she said next.
"That was freaking awesome, and I don't think I've ever been so turned on!"
"What!"
"Yeah that was a blast! Didn't you two have fun? I fingered myself first thing this morning just thinking about it. That's why it took a while for me to come down stairs. I guess, because I was cumming upstairs!!"
All three of us just started laughing.
"Thank God. I was a little worried that this might screw up our friendship." Said Mike.
"No! Absolutely not. If anything, I feel like I know you guys better. Look, we're all adults. Without trying to come off as conceited, we're all pretty hot. We should be able to fuck each other if we're ever in the mood. I mean... it's just sex. Who cares!?"
"I'm so glad to hear you say that." I said. "Seriously, it is nice to just be able to talk like adults. You're right it is just sex."
"It is just sex. We've all done it. We should be open and honest. If you ever are really horny and need to let it out, just ask. I might be up for it too."
This conversation was starting to get me really, really hot and from the look of the tent in Mike's pajama pants, I could tell he was getting excited too. I couldn't tell, but it seemed like Alex was maybe getting ready for a sober version of last night's activities. She went on...
"I was honest with you last night. I told you I wanted to get naked for you, and I just went for it. Now tell me, is there anything you need to be honest with me about right now?"
Enough games, I just blurted it out. "Honestly, I'm really fucking horny and want to bang you right here in the living room."
Alex looked stunned. She said "want to know what honesty will get you? Honesty will get you both early morning blow jobs."
With that, she stood up pulled her shirt over her head and freed her boobs for both of us to see. If anything, they looked better than the night before.
"OK" she said. "You were both a little drunk last night. I really want you to enjoy and remember this. Take of your pants and sit next to each other."
I stood up, got completely naked and sat next to my roommate Mike who also took his dick out and was stroking it getting ready for a continuation of the night before. Alex got on all fours and crawled over to us seductively.
"I've seen this in a few pornos before, and have wanted to do it ever since." With that, she took my dick and put it in her mouth and reached over and started stroking Mike.
Alex took my cock out of her mouth and with one long, slow lick went from the base all the way to the tip of my 8-inch cock. It was heavenly. She played with the tip with her tongue and gently nibbled on it with her teeth before deep throating me and going all the way down. As she pulled it out of her mouth, a thin stream of precum stretched from my cock to her mouth.
"Your turn big boy!" She said to Mike as she immediately went right for his dick.
"Big boy." I thought. If anything, I'm easily an inch and a half longer.
It didn't matter, watching my topless roommate going down on my best friend all the while stroking my dick with her other hand did not give me any room for being jealous. If anything, it turned me on more, because she was able to get his entire shaft down her throat with relative ease.
She pulled his dick out and immediately went back to servicing me. The sound of her trying not to gag got me even hotter.
She took my dick out of her mouth just long enough to turn to Mike and say, "You never got the chance to fuck me last night. Take that hard cock and shove it in my pussy."
Mike didn't need to be told twice. He got up right behind her lowered her pajama pants past her knees and threw them across the room. He licked his index and middle finger and started fingering Alex's perfect pink pussy. After a few seconds of warming her up, Mike shoved his hard dick inside and felt the same warmth that I had only a few hours earlier.
Having Alex being thrusted around violently made the blow job she was giving me all the better. After a few minutes of this, Alex took my dick out, stood up and told me to lay down on the floor. She straddled me and started riding me while taking Mike's cock in her mouth. Watching her bounce up and down and seeing her tits jiggle almost made me cum immediately. If possible, this felt even better than the night before. Staring at those perfect bouncing tits did it. A second later I said:
"I'm cumming, let me pull out."
"No, cum inside. I want to feel your warmth."
I immediately blew my load inside that amazing pussy and looked down to see it start seeping out. Alex never skipped a beat, and just continued to suck Mike's cock.
Although I was out of gas, she took my semi hard dick out, and continued to rub her pussy on my wet dick. A few minutes later Mike exploded all over her face. I mean all over. Her left eye, hair, cheek, nose, everything.
Alex let out a small chuckle and said, "OK, my turn." She stood up, found her pajama pants on the floor and wiped all the cum off her face. She then went over to the couch and laid down and started fingering herself.
Staring at Alex naked on the couch with her amazing natural breasts sloping off either side of her chest all the while getting herself off, immediately got me hard, and in the mood for round two. Unfortunately for me, but fortunately for her, she started letting out some amazing cries of pure bliss as she reached the top of the mountain.
She quivered for a few moments and Mike and I just stared in awe and enjoyment.
Alex got up slowly, squeezed her tits once, laughed, and said "you guys get me so messy and sticky every time we fuck. Why don't you both join me upstairs in the shower and you can help clean me up..."