I woke up the next morning, after a very unsettled night's sleep, trying to understand what had happened yesterday. Carol and I had just fucked for the first time. It was wonderful. In the afterglow we cuddled and murmured to each other. Suddenly there was a pounding on the front door and someone yelling "Carol I know you're in there."
Carol panicked and told me I had to leave. Her tone of voice was harsh. I felt I was being discarded like a second hand thing. I scampered out her bedroom window and down a fire escape. My clothes were not buttoned and I had left behind a sock. I felt like a fool in a slapstick comedy.
I was certain that Carol's married boyfriend was the one pounding on the door. So when she let him in she would have been flush from sex and her cunt filled with my cum. I was hurt, jealous and confused. I was also very turned on and had a painful erection. Why?
I was eating lunch the next day when Carol called. She sounded a little angry, which I found strange, and our conversation was awkward. She told me to come to her apartment. I hesitated but said I'd come over. I drove to her place and walked up the stairs to her front door. Carol opened the door and she was wearing the kimono and nothing else. The kimono only came down to her waist, below she was naked. Her hair was a mess, her ass was bright red and her vaginal lips were all puffy.
I walked her into the living room and we sat on the couch. She looked happy and satiated her skin was flushed red. I asked if it was Peter at the door. She nodded yes. I asked if they had sex and she again nodded. I said so you fucked him. Did you suck his cock too. She nodded yes again. Well I kept asking, your ass is red did he spank you. Yes.
Then she said, "I also spanked him." I looked at her with a question in my eyes. She looked defiant and aggressive. Then she moved forcefully towards me and sat in my lap. We embraced and then leaned into an aggressive and torched kiss, tongues twirling, hands roaming, holding each other tightly.
As we kissed I could taste something tangy and slightly salty. I knew it was semen but I was afraid to confront her. We talked for a long time but never discussed the elephant in the room, Peter. We both hung back and looked each other in the eye. Carol said, "I've been going out with Peter for the last several years."
I didn't know what to say.
I finally asked "Are you going to keep fucking him?"
She nodded yes. She said, "I'll fuck who I want when I want."
She pulled me in for another tongue thrusting kiss. I moaned into her mouth. My cock was rock hard against her ass. I was hopelessly caught in her erotic web. I picked her up and went in the bedroom where I fell on top of her. We were tangled up in each other. She started pulling at my clothes. When she had undressed me she got on top, and pushed her cunt in my face, my cock at her mouth. Her cunt lips were bright red and opened like a flower.
We devoured each other's sex. I knew I was sucking Peter's cum. My face was slathered with their mingled juices. I coated her cunt lips with my tongue, my entire face covered in her used cunt. I was frantic with a strange lust. I knew I was in a different place and that I might be lost.
Carol moaned, "Fuck, fuck" and she squirted all over my face.
Her juices ran down my chin and dripped onto my chest. I began feverishly thrusting up, burying my cock in her moist mouth. She pulled me deep into her throat and lapped at my cock. I was hopeless in my lust for her.
Just as I was about to cum Carol popped my cock out of her mouth and knelt over me. She looked down at me with hooded eyes and a self satisfied smirk on her face. She leaned down and pushed her tits at me and I roughly bit one of her nipples. She moaned. I slapped her ass. She groaned. Carol slithered her body on me and left a trail of juices on my chest.
Carol positioned herself over my cock and roughly slapped it then rubbed it on her cunt lips.
She looked down at me and said, "Fuck me or I'll send you home with blue balls." in a domineering tone of voice.
She leaned down and crushed my lips with hers and lightly bit my tongue. She said, "You're going to do what I say."
I looked up at her and felt powerless to resist her.
She slipped my cock into her dripping cunt and slammed down on my balls. It was exquisite torture. She started bouncing down on me, each downbeat she ground her clit on my pubic bone. Her only goal seemed to be to fuck me until she was satisfied. I was her conquest and I couldn't seem to do anything about it.
When I was on the verge of cumming Carol stopped and look down at me. She leaned down and put her hands on my throat and started choking me. She had a dominant look on her face. I felt trapped. I started gurgling and gasping for breath but my cock was still buried in her cunt. She alternately tightened her grip and then let me breath. She let go of my throat and pinned my hands above my head.
I was totally confused as to what was going on. The sex was mind blowing but the added domineering sexual activity was unsettling. Once again I was on the verge of cumming. My balls were tingling and I could feel pre cum dripping out of me. Before I could cum Carol got off of my cock, sat on my face and put her ass over my mouth. I was smothered and unsure what was going on.
I pushed her off of me and got up out of bed. I said, "What the hell."
Carol gripped my balls and slapped my cock. She said, "Like it or leave."
I left. There was no future for us.
On Monday at work Carol came into my cubicle as if nothing had happened. We chatted. I was a bit leery. Later in the day she asked me for a ride home and I said I had other plans.
I'll never know what might have been.