Richard lit a cigarette as he watched the performance from the back of the club. Chris had been fairly nonchalant about his new recruit, mentioning only briefly that she would be arriving for this evening's events. He had glanced at her backstage for just a moment, but it was only until she began her performance that she really caught his attention. He had participated and watched in countless numbers of these sexual performances. He found, on average, most of them to be boring and mechanical; their bodies were too perfect and their actions too mindless.
When he saw Nina walk onto the stage, he was surprised to observe that she was not Chris' typical recruit type which tended towards the tall, blonde and leggy. In fact, she was far from the kind of model-types that most recruiters looked for, even across different ethnicities and races. What had made Chris want to recruit her in the first place then? In that outfit, moreover, she looked more like a lost freshman than a potential recruit for their organization who could fit easily into a corporate setting without much effort.
As the performance unfolded, however, he found himself watching more intently than he had initially planned. He was fascinated by the way he could almost read the thoughts and feelings that danced across her face as she came to grips with her unlikely situation. She seemed completely unprepared for the challenge that lay ahead of her; but rather than fleeing, he sensed a slowly unfolding understanding of her situation and place that belied her youthful countenance. Unlike the vapid, animal-like abandon he had observed on most of the faces of the women and men who usually performed, hers reflected a tension that was truly captivating.
From the moment she began to undress in front of the massive statue, he felt the buzzing tension increase in her and even within him. Every move she made reflected an inner battle between her sense of propriety and the obvious hunger she felt from the center of her being. He could feel the onlookers silently willing her into submission, holding their collective breath as she slowly bared her flushed breasts to the audience and to the now massive erection that the statue sported. As her skirt slipped off her barely undulating hips, the silver flash of metal clamps on her shaven pussy lips only emphasized how exposed she was to her own desires.
As she bent down to her knees and finally allowed her lips to graze the shimmering tip of the alabaster cockhead, the rustling and murmurs of the audience became louder and more animalistic. Bids had begun to get placed for this girl, even before her performance had ended, something that rarely, if ever, occurred during an "amateur" performance such as this. He heard sheets of paper being ripped off and folded, and runners began to approach him.
"This is unbelievable" he muttered under his breath as he began to take in bids and signal to others what the highest bid was at the moment. All bids were in Swiss francs: 2,000 3,500 5,000. The amounts were staggering given that it would be for her company for just one weekend. Richard was kept completely busy during the majority of her performance, but was startled by the noticeable jump in ambient sound levels as the audience nearly moaned in unison.
He looked up at the stage, amazed to find her body completely encasing the huge cock of the statue. What it the 10-inch or 12-inch one they had here tonight? Her light, tan skin contrasted against the pale white of the statue, emphasizing her curves and entire body. Given the statue was nearly 7-feet tall, the image of her sweat-slicked body riding the clearly massive cock of the statue was bordering on the mythical. He felt his cock actually stir, something that made him lose track of the auction. This reaction hadn't happened in close to a year.
After years of managing and training associates for this organization, he had experienced a sort of desensitization towards the work, and even towards sexual pleasure in general. He felt bored, underwhelmed by the general, uneducated stock of recruits that cropped up each year. It had become so routine, so mindless. This, in fact, had almost led him to leave the organization. But the owners would not hear of him leaving, but instead had given him a sort of "sabbatical" to recharge himself and his passions. It had been a disappointing year, and he had taken the support and advice of his closest friends such as Chris and tried not to focus on his impotence too much. It was difficult, however, since his own desires continued to consume and torture his very soul, while his inability to physically release his passion had nearly driven him mad.
Over the years, he had learned control, even cruel detachment from his work. It had to be so, given the very nature of what his position demanded. He had come tonight as a favor to Chris, since this was the first event Chris was fully responsible for. About 15 years his junior, he had been a kind of mentor to Chris, giving him advice and training that had gotten him far in the organization. Chris had been the one to recommend the sabbatical to Richard, and the organization had fully supported his absence until he regained his sense of center. This auction was to have been a standard one before the main show that featured some of the most beautiful and well-trained men and women in the organization. But, as the bids would show, this performance had exceeded the expectations of all parties involved.
The low but audible moans of a woman in full orgasmic heat snapped him out of his thoughts. He could clearly see the balls of the statue visibly pumping their hot load into her body, and he almost expected it to shoot straight out of her open mouth that was gasping and groaning with absolute pleasure. What amazed him was her next move; when it seemed like she had completely lost herself, she instead had slid gracefully off the still spouting cock, allowing hot streams of white cum to trace across her stomach, over her fully erect nipples, and into her waiting mouth. She bent over, spreading her legs towards the gasping audience, displaying the white streams of cum trailing down her trembling thighs.
Jets of bright white cum continued to shoot out of the statue's cock, he never figured out what was actually in the mixture that they used for this particular toy, but he had been told by many of his associates that the cream that came out tasted like vanilla frosting. Whoever was operating the mechanized statue was giving her everything it had, throwing aside the "reality" of the limited amount of cum that one man could possibly shoot and intensifying the air of the unreal that emanated from this performance. Another stream of cum had hit her squarely in the throat, and though she had tried to swallow as much as possible, she couldn't keep some from flowing out of her mouth, and down her chin. Realizing there was even more to come, she slid the still gushing cock deep into her throat, tossing back her long black hair so the audience could see the bulge of the cockhead still pumping more cum directly into her insatiable body.
All bids had come to a halt as the audience remained transfixed on her. The statue had been completely milked dry by this amazing girl who, upon realizing she had tapped the mechanical fountain, slowly ran her tongue up the sides of its still hard cock, licking it completely dry, letting the audience know by her continued tongue-bathing that she would have been ready for more had it been there.
Richard cleared his throat as the applause from the audience thundered in his ears. As he unfolded another bid sheet that had been handed to him, his mind reeled as he read the note: "500,000 SFC, please train fully and bring to Dubai offices in three months. Owner wishes to meet her there, but would like regular weekly reports to be sent. He wishes you, Richard, to come out of sabbatical and to supervise her training personally."
"Damn it", he muttered under his breath, he had not yet completed his sabbatical and he had absolutely no desire to train yet another associate. But this was a command from the highest levels of the organization and he could not refuse this "request". He motioned over to one of his subordinates to bring a special case to his table. He unlocked the latches and pulled out a beautiful platinum choker from the blue velvet lining. The pendant was an image of Qetesh, the Egyptian-Syrian goddess of beauty and love, riding a lion and holding in her hand a perfectly brilliant diamond. This necklace itself was worth more than all the bids that had been placed tonight, save for the last one that had bought her life.
As he walked towards the stage, he felt his stomach tighten. "What the hell is wrong with me?" he thought to himself as he felt a flash of anger at this momentary feeling of emotion. He gritted his teeth and approached the kneeling girl at the front of the stage. He was surprised by the roughness of his own voice as he commanded her to kneel. She had been bought by one of the highest ranking members of the organization, he had been ordered to take this talented girl and to train her erotic passion to the highest levels he could achieve. But all he could feel was a building anger against this girl, a strange resentment and resistance that was building from the center of his soul. Letting Chris lead her from the stage, he announced that the main performances would begin shortly and left the main room of the club.