The red light on the camera started to glow and a delicious shiver ran through her body. Reporter Lisa Marvell looked straight ahead and began her introduction. Because the opening shot framed her shoulders and head, she knew that at first the audience would not notice anything different about the way she was dressed. She appeared to be wearing a light blue V-neck top trimmed in white. The fabric was definitely form-fitting, but other than that, nothing seemed unusual.
"As most of you know," she began, "this week Phil, one of our loyal viewers, has dared me to have my body painted. Tonight in my special report, I'll show you exactly how that was done and let you see me modeling the artwork. I couldn't believe the fantastic effects the artists were able to achieve, so I wanted to make sure that all of you have a chance to see the results." And with that, she blushed slightly as the camera slowly began moving backward to reveal more of her body.
*****
The week had started, as it usually did, with a Monday conference in which Lisa's co-anchor Natalie Johnson, news producer Bill Reinhart, and the writers met to discuss the dare that Natalie had selected for that week. This had become a regular feature of the Friday Night Special 11:00 news report, proving to be a worthy successor to Lisa's original series on women who "dare to bare." Those segments had established Channel 4 as the leading station in that part of the state and had made the broadcaster the best known television personality in the viewing area. The new pieces, featuring Lisa performing a dare that had been submitted by a viewer, had served to drive the ratings even higher. And both series had the same common goal - they provided the opportunity for the beautiful blonde reporter to display as much of her 34-25-34 body as possible.
The dare selected for the week seemed like an obvious one; in fact Lisa was surprised that she hadn't thought of it herself when she was doing the "dare to bare" reports. A viewer had suggested that she serve as a body painting model, stripping down to allow an artist to apply various paints that created the illusion that she was wearing clothing. Both Natalie and Lisa agreed that it would be interesting to see what went on behind the scenes as well, and the final results could be shot and edited in a way that stayed within the guidelines of Standards and Practices while still making for exciting viewing.
Most of the Monday conference was devoted to determining the type of "clothing" that would be painted on Lisa's naked body as well as reviewing samples of the work of various groups of artists in order to select the team they wanted to use. The obvious choice was also the most expensive one - a group that had worked on numerous professional shoots including several where swimsuits were painted on models for publication in national magazines. Lisa was especially impressed with photos that showed models posing in body paint meant to look like blue jeans and a tight top. "Let's go with that," she suggested.
Bill indicated that he'd have to clear the budget with station manager Ken Barber, but given the latest ratings for the Friday Night Specials, he was certain that the request would be approved.
"Sounds to me like we're all set," Natalie said.
"One last thing," Lisa added. "Let's go through the schedule and sequence for shooting this."
Natalie and Bryan, the lead writer, had proposed that once the outfit was painted on Lisa, they take some shots outside the studio posing near the Channel 4 sign. Since their research had shown that the preparation could take as much as six hours, they would need to start things early in the day if they wanted to be able to film outside in the afternoon while the temperatures were still comfortable for someone who wasn't wearing any clothes. And Nicole Lewis, the station's new weather forecaster, had said there was a chance of rain by the end of the week, but that both Wednesday and Thursday looked like ideal summer days.
Based on that information, everyone agreed that they should aim to have the artists in town by Wednesday and shoot the following day. After they completed the work outside, they could return to the studio to film the introduction. Natalie could then work with the editing crew to assemble the pieces and put together the final cut, inserting any additional narration as needed at that point. All of this pointed to a very full day of work.
So, three days later, Lisa found herself stumbling out of bed hours well before the sun came up in order to be at the studio by 5:30 AM. Opening the door to the trailer that had been set up as a make-shift dressing room in the Channel 4 parking lot, she was surprised that only one of the three make-up artists was there along with Kelli, the loyal assistant from the station. During the last few months, she had gotten more and more at ease appearing naked in front of small groups of people, so as soon as she arrived she stripped out of her jeans and top and removed her bra, leaving on only her thong.
Before slipping into a terrycloth robe, she casually glanced at one of the full length mirrors set up in the room. Lisa had to admit that her rigorous workout program was paying off - her well-toned abdomen and thighs accented the curves of her 34-25-34 figure, and for a 32-year old, her perky B cup breasts and well rounded ass displayed no signs of sagging. Over her shoulder, she caught a glimpse of Kelli staring at her. "Be a sweetheart," she said with a smile as she turned to face the assistant, "run and get us both some coffee. I think it's going to be a long day."
It was another 20 minutes before the other two make-up artists arrived and were ready to begin. The team leader was a woman, Stephanie, and she was assisted by Sarah and Dave. Lisa wondered whether most models felt more comfortable having the paint applied by someone of their own sex. However, the more she thought about it, she realized that she was secretly pleased to have a mixed audience. "But jeez, what does it matter?" she thought to herself. "I'll be doing the report in just my paint, so everyone is going to see me stark naked." Her thoughts continued as she felt a familiar thrill run through her body. "And of course, that's precisely the point of this dare."
As it turned out, the first steps were anything but thrilling. Dave and Sarah began by taping large pieces of paper towels to the parts of her body that would not be painted. She chuckled as she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror wearing this kind of "negative clothing." Everything that was normally covered - including her breasts, ass, and pussy - were on display, while her arms, ankles and feet, neck, and a band of skin around her middle were wrapped up in white paper.
Then, as Lisa stretched out on a massage table that had been appropriated by the team, Stephanie applied the first coat, a thin layer of white spray paint that served two purposes: to provide a base to the color paint that would be applied next and to help bring into relief tiny baby hairs that previously had been invisible. "Now," Stephanie explained, "we can see all of these little hairs that would otherwise ruin the effect we're trying to create with the body paint. So, our next step is to take a dry razor and shave them all off."
"All?" said Lisa somewhat startled. Looking down, she could see the nearly microscopic hairs on her breasts and trailing down to her pussy, despite the Brazilian wax job she obtained just two days before.
"Yes, all," Stephanie said with a loud laugh. "And don't worry, you're not abnormal. Every model I've ever worked with has to go through this. We girls think we're totally smooth but we're really not. So just lie down and let us get rid of all that baby hair."
And with that, Dave and Sarah spent the next hour going over every inch of her exposed body. She felt a momentary sense of embarrassment when she realized that Dave was actually parting her ass cheeks with his hands so Sarah could shave down deep into her butt crack and around her anus, a feeling that was heightened when she realized that Kelli was standing in the far corner of the trailer and appeared to be trying to catch a glimpse of Lisa's puckered rosebud. "Oh my," Lisa wondered, "do I have a new admirer?" and she felt a shiver run down her spine.
From there, the embarrassment only increased as she rolled onto her back and the two assistants began shaving the small hairs off her breasts. This time, they switched roles, with Sarah gently tugging on Lisa's nipples as Dave carefully moved the razor along the smooth contours of her breasts. It required repeated swipes of the blade across the skin between her mounds, with Sarah grabbing the nipples like little handles to help separate Lisa's orbs. Instinctively, her nipples hardened in response and when Sarah released them, Lisa felt that all four people in the room must be clearly aware of her state of arousal.
While Dave backed off, Sarah asked Kelli to step in to lend a hand as they descended to Lisa's most delicate parts. "Now I'm going to ask you to pull lightly on her labia," she explained to the assistant, "so I can get a nice clear stretch of skin and make just a few quick passes with the razor." She then added for Lisa's benefit, "We'll get rid of those pesky little hairs in no time at all."
"Um, I'm just curious," said Lisa, struggling to keep the embarrassment for showing in her face and hoping that Kelli wasn't detecting any moisture as her fingers wandered across her pussy. "Is this usually how you prepare models for body painting?"
"It all depends," Stephanie chimed in, "on whether the model's working completely nude or using a covering down there."
"A covering?" asked Lisa.
"Believe it or not, it's actually called a pussy flap. It's made of latex and it can cover your private parts."
"That's funny," Lisa continued. "I don't remember anyone talking to me about that possibility."
"Oh, but we did discuss it with your producer and she told us absolutely not, you wanted to go full frontal on this," Stephanie added somewhat defensively.
"She?" Lisa said in a questioning tone. "Might that have been Natalie Johnson?"
"I think it was," Dave chimed in. "We were on a phone call with her and the writers, and Natalie was very specific that you wanted to be totally naked under the paint."
At this point, with the assistant pulling at her pussy lips while another woman shaved her most intimate parts, Lisa was forced to acknowledge the truth of that statement - that she would have been disappointed if they had used their silly old pussy flap!
The shaving completed, Stephanie handed Lisa her robe and suggested a quick break. When Kelli returned with some bottled water, she was accompanied by Clayton and George, the camera crew from Channel 4. The four of them chatted briefly, then Dave called an end to the break and the application of body paint resumed. Over the next two hours, various colors and details were applied to Lisa's completely nude body with the two cameramen and Kelli in the room.
The make-up artists had recommended that they create a blue top, which would allow them to apply more areas of paint over Lisa's nipples to better disguise the contrast between her skin and the darker color of her areolas and nipples. Furthermore, they pointed out, adding white paint around the neckline and the bottom of the sleeves would create the illusion of a narrow band of trimming to the top, helping to give better definition and shape to the imaginary garment. The eye would be tricked into thinking that the fabric ended and skin began rather than seeing it as all skin.
For the bottoms, they would be simulating the appearance of skinny jeans, stopping several inches above the ankles. Although not typically the type of clothing that Lisa would wear when reporting, simulating denim allowed them to play with greater variations in the color, even reproducing the effect of rips in the fabric. Also, the artists had strongly recommended against going with a solid color since it would typically be seen as nothing more than spray painting. Furthermore, the team was eager to show off their skill in creating the variations in color, the worn spots and the rips, that characterize jeans.
The first area to receive the artists' attention was Lisa's butt. Lying face down on the table, Lisa could feel the brushes applying a thicker, almost gelatinous paint. Again, she could sense fingers moving her ass cheeks, first lifting them as a thinner brush moved in short curved lines creating what she assumed to be the folds of the denim across her butt. Then, she could once again feel her cheeks being parted and the cool moist paint being applied deep in her crack, with the brush tickling her hole. She wasn't sure whose hands were holding her cheeks, and she momentarily indulged herself in the fantasy that it was a tongue and not the tip of the brush that she was feeling. She sighed softly, which caused Sarah to come over to her to ask if everything was okay.
"Oh," Lisa responded involuntarily, "no problem at all." Realizing that she really shouldn't allow herself these thoughts when, in a few minutes she would be turned over and exposed to the prying eyes of the entire team, she quickly recovered her wits and added, "Guess I must have been daydreaming."
"Well, don't fall asleep on us," Sarah replied. We're almost finished with your backside, and then we're going to need you to turn over so we can start working on your front. That's where we're really going need to spend some time."
Lisa had the impression that up until now, Clayton and George had just been sitting on the side of the room watching, and her instincts for getting good footage came into play. "Hey guys," she said, looking over at them. "Sounds like there must be enough paint on my butt now, so why don't you get off of yours and get something that we can use in the report?"
She heard a couple of people in the room laugh, and saw the two guys stand up and lug their equipment to the end of the table. "Yeah, you're probably right," the usually silent George replied. "I don't think the stuff we shot a few minutes ago will make it past the censors."
She heard Clayton mutter to his younger assistant, "George, is it too much to ask you to act like a professional," and then added, "Sorry about that, Lisa."
"Don't worry, Clayton," Lisa reassured him. "I know it's just George being George." As she had worked with him over the last months, Lisa had become more tolerant of the young cameraman's slightly confused, dazed mannerisms. In fact, she was increasingly amused and relaxed by his behavior and found it reassuring to have him on her shoots.
Soon, it was time for her to roll over. And although the initial layer of white paint created the basic shape of the two pieces of clothing, the coating did nothing to conceal her. Dave now worked with a broad brush to apply the darker blue across her breasts and upper abdomen, while Sarah started to work on the white trim. The blue left generous portions of the inner curves of her breasts exposed, and the white paint had the effect of suggesting a top that showed off a lot of cleavage. As the brushes moved back and forth, Lisa could feel her nipples harden, and Dave took particular care to add extra paint.
The jeans were painted low on her hips, allowing for several inches of uncovered skin below the white trim at the bottom of the shirt. Even if the jeans and top had been real, they would have been an unusually revealing choice for a newscaster. But the fact that these "clothes" were made of purely of paint pushed it to a whole other level.
While Dave worked on the top, Sarah was concentrating on the bottoms. She used several small brushes, mixing blacks and dark blues to create the illusion of the folds of denim covering her pussy. But this was definitely not fabric that Lisa was feeling pressing against her most intimate areas, as the brush moved up and down her labia slowly applying the paint to her nether lips.
Finally around noon, the make-up artists told her she could sit up so they could apply the finishing touches to her back. The work on her top went quickly, and they then had her stand up so they could spend time on the back of the jeans.
"There's a lot to be done here on the pockets and reproducing the designer's label. So just bear with us," Stephanie explained.
The artists had finished applying the paint to her ass and had stepped back to check out the work from a distance when the door opened and Natalie and sportscaster Tim Willis came in along with Nicole Lewis, the meteorologist on the late night news team.
"Hey Lisa," Nicole began. "I'm filling in on the midday weather report. Since I was in the studio, Natalie said it would be okay for me to just pop in with her and say hello. When are they going to start with the..." She looked around somewhat perplexed, and then her jaw practically dropped to the floor, "Oh my god, they have started. I mean, you've got nothing on!"
"Well, I have a lot of paint on me," Lisa said with a smile. "What do you think?" she asked, slowly turning so her colleagues could get a good view.
"I think it's pretty amazing," Tim chimed in. "And I'd give you a big hug but I don't want half of your outfit to come off on my suit." He paused, and grinned, "Or my hands."
"Bad boy, Tim," Lisa teasingly scolded. "Now you three get out of here so they can finish up. And Natalie, I assume you'll be around for the afternoon shoot."
"Wouldn't miss it for the world," Natalie said, smilingly sweetly as she exited the room with her two co-workers. "Who knows?" she added, "I may even have a few last minute changes to suggest."
The artists took another half hour to finish their work on the back of the jeans and then turned their attention back to some touch-up work on the front, adding a few shadows and highlights to suggest worn spots in the jeans. "Perfect," Dave said as he gave a final scan to Lisa's painted body. "In a half hour everything will completely dry. Why don't we take a break and get some food brought in. But whatever you do, don't sit on anything until we say you can."
"I'll definitely keep that in mind," Lisa replied with a smile. "Any chance of getting a glass of wine with lunch?"
"At your service," said Kelli, appearing at just that moment with a bottle and several glasses for the team. "A toast - to our daring reporter!"
"Daring and," Lisa added surveying herself in a full length mirror, "completely naked!"
Shortly before the food was scheduled to be delivered, Natalie reappeared and joined Stephanie to inspect the results of the body painting.
"Looks almost perfect," the artist pronounced. We'll do a bit of touch up just before posing outside. But right now, the paint is dry so why don't you slip this on so you can sit down and enjoy lunch," she said to Lisa, handing her a dressing gown.
"Before you put on that robe," Natalie interrupted, "let's try a little experiment. Someone mentioned that the guy bringing the food should be here in just a minute. Why don't you stay just the way you are and sit on that stool in the corner. Let's see if he notices anything when he comes in?"
"You know, that's not a bad idea," Stephanie replied. "Most people who look at a model in body paint don't necessarily notice it at first. "Especially," she said with a pause, "if we've done our jobs right."
"Oh, and if you haven't?" the reporter asked with a bit of a twinkle in her eyes.
"Don't worry," Stephanie replied. "This definitely turned out well."
"Besides," Natalie said with a smile. "Does it really matter? When you go outside, some people are going to see you then."
Lisa was very aware of that fact; in fact, ever since the dare had been proposed on Monday she had been excited just thinking about the idea of standing in front of their building with nothing on except some paint. But she wasn't going to admit that to her colleague.
"I guess you're right," she replied cautiously. "Anyway, it won't hurt to give things a few extra minutes to dry."
They didn't have to wait long. There was a knock on the trailer door and Dave went to open it. A man in his mid-forties carrying several large bags entered and looked around. Natalie motioned him to a table near the corner of the room near where Lisa was seated, and the delivery guy walked over and set the food on it. He turned, went back to Dave, and said, "Just sign the receipt, please."
While Dave scribbled his name on the paper, Natalie called out to him. "Are you sure you included the Greek salad? It's for my friend over there," she added, pointing directly at Lisa.
"Don't worry," he responded, looking quickly at the two women. "We double checked the order and everything's there." And with that, he turned around and walked out the door.
Everyone broke out into laughter as soon as he was gone. "I have to hand it to you guys," Lisa said gesturing to Stephanie and her team. "Your work fooled him."
"You know," Natalie began, holding up her hand as if asking for quiet. "Given that most people won't realize that Lisa's wearing body paint instead of her clothes, I'm sure we can get away with taking a little walk after lunch."
She summoned the lead cameraman over. "Clayton, do you think we can get a second camera for George and have you both shooting when we go outside?"
No reason we can't," the seasoned crew member replied. "What are you thinking?"
"We're all set up to shoot in daylight, so we can get some shots in front of our building." She paused, while Clayton and the blonde reporter nodded. "What if after we film that, I take Lisa for a little walk? There's that stretch of stores with a pedestrian mall just a few blocks away, and there are bound to be some people outside. You and George follow the two of us and catch the reaction of folks on the street."
"You're counting on the fact that people will react like the delivery guy? Lisa asked.
"Precisely," Natalie replied. "Most of them will just walk right on by."
"And for those who do notice," Clayton added, "we should be able to get some great reaction shots."
"I suppose I have no say in this?" Lisa asked, as she felt a familiar sensation in her tummy.
"I'm making it part of the dare," Natalie said with a smile. "In fact, I think it's brilliant, if I do say so myself."
"You would think it's brilliant," Lisa replied. "After all, you won't be the one parading down the street naked."
"You won't be completely nude," Natalie protested. "After all, you have that paint all over you. So let's enjoy our lunch now and then I'll take you for a little stroll, Miss Marvell."
*****
Nicole's weather forecast had proven completely accurate - by 2:30 when Lisa and the camera crew were ready to go, it was a pleasant 78 degrees outside under sunny skies. Dave and Sarah had applied just a few more dabs of paint before pronouncing their model ready to go.
The blonde reporter did a final check in front of the mirrors, totally impressed by the artists' work. There was no doubt that at first glance that it looked like she was wearing a tight blue shirt and a pair of skinny jeans. The decision to go with a top that appeared to have a V-shaped neckline ending almost at the bottom of her breasts worked to call attention to her unpainted cleavage. Furthermore, the use of the darker blue was reasonably effective at obscuring the dark circles of her areolas, leaving only the protruding nipples as clear evidence that she wasn't wearing any sort of protective covering.
Similarly the "jeans" looked remarkably lifelike from the front. The attempts at creating the illusion of folds of denim as well as worn areas of the jeans completely conveyed a sense of that Lisa was in fact actually wearing clothes. And a last minute decision to paint on a black studded belt through the loops of the jeans also worked well. Viewed from the back, however, there was no doubt that someone would immediately know these were no ordinary jeans. As Lisa looked in a mirror over her shoulder, it was obvious that no amount of paint could disguise the fact that the contours of her butt cheeks and ass crack were completely visible.
Realizing that anyone looking at her from behind would never be fooled by the body paint, Natalie immediately called Clayton and George over for a hurried last minute conference. "Guys, I want to check something out with you. One of you is going to be walking ahead of Lisa, right?"
"That's right," Clayton responded as George remained silent. "I'll be fifteen or twenty feet in front, walking backward. George will be ten or fifteen back, largely to get the reaction shots of people as they approach."
"Let's get you closer to Lisa so you can capture the reactions of anyone who looks at her from behind." With that, she pointed to the blonde reporter standing at the mirror. "See what I mean?" she said as Clayton nodded in agreement while George just stared at her ass.
"I sure do. From the back it's much more obvious that those aren't clothes she's wearing," the older cameraman replied.
"So let's make sure we get those reaction shots. And George," she added, "While we'd all love to see as much of Lisa's butt as possible, make sure you're getting some shots people's faces."
"Don't worry, I'll get both," he replied with just the hint of a grin.
At that point, Kelli joined them to say that a sound man was waiting for them in the lobby of the building along with another crew member who would handle any bystanders who might try to disrupt the shot, always a risk when doing any sort of shoot outside the studio.
"See if we can get a second guard to come along as well," Natalie asked the assistant. "I think we may be drawing more attention than we originally counted on." And with that the team headed out from the trailer, across the parking lot, and into the side entrance of the building.
"Okay," Natalie said to the assembled group. "Clayton tells me the light is perfect and the temperature felt pretty good out there. In fact, it looks like Lisa may be feeling a little chilly in this air conditioning here," she added with a bit of a chuckle as she glanced at her friend. "So, let's get to work."
The first shot involved Lisa walking down the corridor to the main entrance to the station and stepping into the broad daylight of a warm summer's day. A couple of cars sped by, and about fifty feet away across the broad lawn that ran from the front of the building to the sidewalk, the reporter noticed a young mother pushing a baby carriage. "Just a normal afternoon," she thought, "with no one paying any special notice to me."
They were able to get the shot completed in two just two takes. Lisa then huddled with Natalie as Clayton and George headed over to the large "Channel 4" sign located about ten feet to the side of the entrance. A minute later the two women joined the camera team as Natalie explained that they wanted the next sequence to be a shot of Lisa standing next to the Channel 4 sign as she provided the narrative that would set up the second part of the report.
After some testing of the mike and adjustment of the camera's position, the filming started. "This is Lisa Marvell, now fully dressed in my body paint," a fact that should have been obvious from the shot. The camera was positioned about ten feet from the blonde reporter and at a slight angle. This allowed the station sign to be clearly seen, and it also allowed Lisa to turn slightly and look at the camera over her left shoulder. From that angle, her hip blocked any view of her crotch, and by using a hand held mike with her arms raised, she was able to make sure her breasts weren't seen. Still, given that the camera was capturing the full length of her body, there could be no doubt that the reporter was completely nude.
"We've seen all of the careful preparation and hard work that goes into creating body art. But the point of any art is for people to see it."
At this point, Natalie walked into frame, standing next to her blonde colleague. "So," the dark-haired anchorwoman continued, "we thought it would be fun to stage our own traveling art exhibition." She paused, and looked playfully at the camera, "Why don't you join me as I take Lisa for a short walk?"
The shot ended, and Clayton and George positioned themselves out on the front sidewalk with the hand-held cameras. As Lisa watched them getting ready, she could feel a growing sense of excitement pulsing through her body. An occasional cool breeze blew across the lawn, tickling her legs and causing a slight shiver to run down her spine. It was strange to be standing there completely naked, watching the cars and occasional pedestrians pass by, all of them seemingly unaware of her state of undress. Even the crew had grown accustomed to her nudity and had stopped commenting on the body paint.
At last, Kelli came running back to her and said, "They're ready to go." The assistant lingered a moment, and then added. "This is so cool," she said with an admiring look, and then turned to rejoin the team on the sidewalk.
Lisa now began walking, first cautiously so her heels didn't cause her to trip in the grass. Once she got to the main pathway in front of the entrance, she turned and confidently strode toward the cameras. She noticed George zooming the lens in on her as she approached the team, while Clayton was already starting to move ahead on the main sidewalk in order to stay in front of her on the walk. Kelli and the sound man remained at the studio, not wanting to interfere with the crowd scenes that they hoped to capture. The two crew members now designated for "crowd control" lagged behind George and Natalie, trying to stay out of the shot but ready to help if needed.
No one passed them in the first two blocks. Several cars slowed down, but it was unclear whether they were simply curious about why there would be two cameras filming a woman walking along or if they had noticed anything special about her clothes. Lisa was pleased to see that George, despite all appearances to the contrary, was paying attention and occasionally turned his camera to capture the passing cars. She knew that Natalie would review that footage in the editing room to see if there was anything worth using. "Good work, George," she thought to herself as she continued her walk down the street.
The next block contained several restaurants and a few clothing boutiques. Although the lunch crowd was gone by now, there were a handful of people coming and going from the shops and about a dozen people passed them by. Apparently Stephanie had been correct in her prediction that when body painting was done well, the majority of the casual viewers would notice nothing unusual. However, Lisa knew that walking in heels had the effect of causing her breasts to gently bounce in a way that strongly suggested they were unencumbered by any fabric. And, she knew that her ass cheeks were definitely moving up and down with each step. "Someone," she thought, "is going to notice that."
George did manage to capture two guys walking together who turned immediately after passing Lisa. One of them pulled out a cell phone and snapped a couple of quick shots before continuing on their way. Other than that, it didn't seem that anyone had noticed the reporter's unusual outfit. But that was about to change, as up ahead, Lisa reached the small pedestrian mall running between the two main streets and turned into it.
The mall had been designed to help draw people to the downtown area for shopping and other business, and it included several outdoor cafes as well as displays that merchants set up on nice days outside their stores. As a result, dozens of people were hanging out in the passageway, some at the café tables, others just casually browsing through the outdoor displays, and a half dozen people were lined up at an ice cream stand.
After going unnoticed by people she passed on the street, Lisa had overcome her initial nervousness and grown more relaxed, enjoying the feel of the warm sun on her naked skin as well as the occasional breeze against her nipples and across her tummy. It reminded her of her visit to a nudist camp as part of her "dare to bare" reports. But this was definitely more thrilling, being naked in public while everyone else was clothed. And as she started down the pedestrian mall, she immediately felt the surge of adrenaline. "Oh my god," she thought as she noticed the number of individuals at the outdoor cafes obviously engaged in people-watching on this warm afternoon," I am definitely going to be noticed here."
In fact, a number of the shoppers and café-goers had already begun to comment on Clayton and his camera, speculating on what he was filming. But as Lisa started to stroll down the mall, it immediately became obvious. The reporter could overhear snippets of conversation, with several keen observers speculating in rather loud voices "I think that's body paint."
Roughly halfway down the mall, Lisa noticed the ice cream stand. And as the reporter drew near, two women broke out of the line and approached her. "Hey, you're the reporter from Channel 4, right?" the first one said.
Lisa nodded and replied, "Yes, it's me."
"Lisa Marvell, right?" her friend replied. "Looks like you're doing one of your dares."
"How could you tell?" Lisa said, smiling somewhat nervously.
The two women smiled back and added, "We're both huge fans. I think it's great that you're doing all this adventurous stuff."
"Thanks," Lisa responded. "I'm afraid I can't stop for a chat right now but I hope you'll keep watching."
"Don't worry," one of them responded, "I think everyone's watching."
"Well, I meant our news program, but I guess you're right," the reporter replied as she noticed several other people drawing near. "Anyway, bye for now," she said and continued down the mall at a somewhat accelerated pace.
She could see the crew members who were accompanying them for protection breathe a sigh of relief as she started moving again. She suddenly felt what she thought might be a sense of panic overtaking her but then realized it was a different sensation. She had a heightened awareness of everything going on around her, as if all her senses were on full alert. Out of the corner of her eyes, she could see heads turning to look at her as she passed by. As she walked more quickly, she became aware of her thighs brushing against each other and a tingling that passed up her legs into her core. The breeze against her skin seemed to stimulate every nerve ending - in some strange way, she felt fully alive.
Meanwhile, the two cameramen were busy capturing it on video. As Lisa accelerated her walk, the people that had been approaching her dropped back to their tables or simply lingered to talk to one another about what they had just witnessed. Clusters of people were approaching Lisa from the far end of the walk, and several of them stared at her as she passed but then kept walking.
As they approached the end of the mall, Natalie had signaled to Clayton to slow his pace, and as Lisa drew closer, she approached the blonde reporter. "I think this would be the perfect place to get some shots of you posing in your new outfit," she suggested. "Don't you agree?"
Lisa stopped momentarily and hesitated as she looked around. "I guess you're right," she said.
"I can say a few things about the walk and interview you on how you feel walking around with your body painted," Natalie continued. "That will be really good in the final report."
"How can I refuse?" Lisa responded.
"You know you can't turn down a dare," her colleague added with a sly look. "Clayton," she said turning to the cameraman, "let make sure Lisa and I are standing in the daylight so you can get a good shot," as she gestured to the side of the mall that was in the sun.
"That should work," he nodded in agreement. "And it looks like the restaurant right on the corner hasn't opened for the day yet, so the two of you can stand next to the chairs and little railing they have set up there."
By now George had caught up with them, and he quickly positioned himself out on the main street shooting back into the mall with the sun behind him. Clayton gave Natalie a quick "thumbs-up" as he handed her a microphone and she guided Lisa over to the empty sidewalk chairs.
"I've been watching Lisa during her walk and I have to say that it looks like the body paint did manage to fool a lot of people," the dark-haired reporter began as the camera rolled.
Lisa could see that Clayton was framing the shot so she and Natalie would be seen from the waist up. As such, viewers would have ample time to see the shape of her breasts and nipples beneath the paint. "You're right, Natalie," Lisa picked up the narration. "The artists did an incredible job of creating the appearance of real clothes. But I don't think I fooled everyone," she continued with a wink.
"I'm sure our more discerning viewers have been able to confirm that you have indeed performed this week's dare," the anchorwoman added. "And I know our audience will agree with me that the body painting we've seen today is as good as anything you'll see on professional models in those special swimsuit issues of some magazines."
Lisa took that as her cue to assume several different poses, turning sideways with both hands on the railing and thrusting her ass out and moving one leg forward. "Think I could start a new career modeling?" she asked playfully as she turned with her back to the camera, placing her hands on her hips and looking over her shoulder at the lens as she swayed her hips to one side. Lisa then turned again to face the camera, and somewhat defiantly placed a hand on her right hip as she turned her leg out slightly. This had the effect of deliberately exposing more of her painted pussy to the camera, and she couldn't stop herself from giggling at the bold move.
"I'm not sure I'll be able to use some of that footage," Natalie added with a chuckle as she put down the microphone. "I think it's time to get you back to the studio before you call any more attention to yourself," she said pointing toward the growing number of bystanders who were gathering behind Clayton, George, and the crew members. Many of them had their cell phones held aloft, snapping pictures and taking videos of the blonde reporter.
Lisa nodded to Natalie and then gave a quick wave of her hand to the crowd. The two women turned back onto the street and began walking back to Channel 4. Pedestrian traffic was lighter now, and they passed only a handful of people on their return to the studio. And, because George and Clayton stopped filming, no one seemed to sense that anything out of the ordinary was occurring.
When they returned to the studio lobby, Bill Reinhart was waiting for them. "I just heard you decided to take a little walk in your body painting. You know that was incredibly risky."
"Oh, was it?" Lisa asked trying to look as innocent as possible for someone standing naked in her place of work.
"Yes, it was. You could have been arrested."
"But she wasn't," Natalie interjected. "And we got some great shots, didn't we Clayton," she said turning to the cameraman who nodded in agreement. "I'm the producer on these segments, and I take responsibility for everything that's going on. "
"It's still my ass that's on the line if anything goes wrong," Bill replied.
"Well, literally I think it's my ass," Lisa said trying to diffuse the situation. "Listen Bill, I completely support Natalie's decisions. And we're getting great ratings because of what we're doing. So I really think you can relax and trust us to make the right decisions."
Bill took a deep breath. "I guess you're right. We didn't get into trouble with your accidental slip during the pizza dare, so I can't see how this could be any worse that than." He shook his head, recalling everything that had been achieved over the last months, most of it thanks to Lisa's willingness to push the limits of what they could show on television. "I give up," he finally conceded with a chuckle. "I've never vetoed anything you've done, so I don't know why I have to sign off on these things going forward. From now on, whatever you want, goes."
Lisa smiled slyly. "I might regret the fact that you're letting Natalie do whatever she wants, but I'm sure you won't Bill. Thanks."
"And now," the blonde reporter continued as she gently pushed Bill aside and started to walk down the hallway, "I have to shoot the final bit for this report on the studio set. I'm sure you'll enjoy it when it airs." She paused and smiled broadly at the news producer, and continued, "Just in case you haven't seen enough of me already."
*****
At that was how, a few minutes later, she was standing in the studio, shooting her opening comments as the camera slowly panned back. "I couldn't believe the fantastic effect the artists were able to achieve, so I wanted to make sure that everyone had a chance to see the results," Lisa explained as the camera pulled back far enough to provide a full view of her breasts, the large areolas just discernible beneath the blue paint and the nipples clearly poking up and out.
"We'll give you an insider's look at how I had to prepare for this shoot and how the paint was applied," she continued as the camera pulled back even more. "And then I'll step outside as Natalie takes me for a walk in my new outfit," Lisa added as the tops of her painted jeans came into view. Now, join me as we see the artists at work," she concluded turning sideways toward the camera just before her failure to wear a pussy flap could be revealed.
The final edited report that Natalie prepared and aired on Friday night made sure to cut away from any shot that seemed to provide a glimpse of the blonde reporter's slit. But that was one of the few concessions that she made to her colleague's modesty. She inserted several extended sequences of the preparation in the final cut, including one shot of Kelli's hands holding Lisa's ass cheeks while Dave's paint brush dipped into her crack and another shot of them shaving the fine hairs off of her breasts, with her nipples and areolas covered only by a light coat of white paint.
The outdoor shots were edited to mix crowd reaction with clear views of Lisa walking, chiefly from behind. And since it was important to leave no doubt in the viewers' minds that she had performed the dare, Natalie made sure to include some footage of their interview outside of the café on the pedestrian mall.
When she showed the final edit to Lisa and Bill shortly before the Friday night broadcast, both seemed somewhat stunned that she had included as much of the footage as she did. Bill in particular seemed speechless, but finally managed to stammer out, "Well, it's going to run longer than usual."
"Don't worry," Natalie said, "I'll make sure we fit it in."
"And Lisa, you're okay with all of this?" he asked somewhat incredulously as the blonde reporter nodded approvingly.
"I just don't see how you're ever going to top that," he said wistfully shaking his head.
"Oh don't worry," Natalie said with a gleam in her eye. "I've already got something in mind!"
(To be continued)