EDITED
Chapter 5
Massage Therapy
Nancy had been enjoying her new-found life with Paul, but she was finding it hard to balance with her previous commitments. She continued her long distance running and there were times when Paul would join her, but her pace was a bit slow for him and he wasn't interested in running more than five miles at a time. As part of her training program for the next marathon, she planned a fifteen mile run on Saturday morning with a couple of friends from her running club. They planned to start their run at 5:30 a.m. before it got too hot and humid and planned to finish by 8:30 a.m.
On Saturday morning the temperature had already climbed to 90 degrees and the humidity left them all dripping with sweat. After taking time to cool off from their run and drink some much needed water, Nancy left her friends and headed back home to rest and recover. As she walked in, Paul was just finishing up cleaning the kitchen after breakfast.
"Can I get you anything to eat?" he asked.
"No thanks. I'm completely wiped out. All I want is some ice water and a place to lay down," she replied.
She went back to her bedroom, stripped out of her wet clothes and climbed into the shower. The warm water felt good against her skin and she closed her eyes to let it wash over her body while she let her mind go blank. She heard the shower door open and as she opened her eyes, she felt Paul's strong body up against hers as his arms loosely wrapped around her. Turning inside his embrace, she faced him and her lips met his in a soft kiss. She could already feel his cock stirring between her legs and knew what he had in mind. At this point, she was feeling so tired and drained; she didn't really feel up for a nice session of lovemaking.
Reaching down, she took his semi-erect shaft in her hand and told him, "You'll have to wait a while before I have the strength to handle this."
He responded with another kiss and briefly squeezing her up against his lean body. They both quickly washed up and after getting out of the shower, she pulled on a pair of shorts and a large t-shirt and collapsed on her bed with the glass of water Paul had brought her.
He also got dressed and giving her a quick kiss, he told her, "I've got to run back to my place to pick something up and I'll be right back."
As she relaxed on her bed, she felt the cool air from the ceiling fan blowing over her body. Her legs felt tired, but not as bad as when she first began running long distances. The house was quiet except for the ticking of a clock in the next room and the random noises of birds and voices of people walking outside. As she lay half-awake, she heard Paul coming back in the house and moving things around in the spare room that he'd helped her convert into a work-out area.
Coming back to see her, Paul sat on the bed and held her hand. "Come on and get up. I'll give you a massage in the next room," he told her.
"Why can't you just massage me here?" she asked.
"It's too hard to move around you when you're on the bed. I set up a massage table in the exercise room, so I can massage all of you more easily."
She reluctantly let herself be helped up and walked to the exercise room. There she saw that Paul had moved her exercise bench to the side and cleared out a space where he'd set up a folding massage table.
"Where did you get that?" she asked.
"A girl I used to date years ago used to keep it at my house and she's never come back to pick it up. Now, if you take off your clothes, it'll be more comfortable."
She gave him a sideways glance and a half-smile. "You're going to a lot of trouble just to see a middle-aged woman naked, aren't you? Don't get your hopes up that you'll get much more out of me, though."
He laughed and told her to hurry up. After removing her shorts and t-shirt, she got on the table. Paul directed her to lay face up and then covered her with a light sheet to keep from getting a chill. He placed a small round pillow under her knees, moved behind her head and told her, "Now, just close your eyes and relax. If I start pressing down too hard, let me know, okay?"
She felt his hands begin to lightly rub her temples and scalp through her still-damp hair. Next, his hands moved back along her head and down her neck. He cradled her head and she could feel his fingertips pressing up just under the base of her skull holding her head up slightly.
"Just take a deep breath and let it out while you try to relax," he directed. She felt him pulling back slightly on her head and letting her breath out, she could feel the tension leaving her head and upper neck.
"This isn't too bad," she thought. "I could get used to this."
Paul's hands moved down her neck and began rubbing along the base of her neck and working outwards toward her shoulders. He paused and when she opened her eyes, she saw him warming some scented oil in his hands.
"What's that?" she asked.
"Some jojoba oil with a few drops of lavender and eucalyptus oils mixed in," he replied. He resumed rubbing her shoulders and her nose filled with the scent of the oil as his hands glided over her skin. She felt them move down over the top of her chest, pressing into her pectoral muscles.
As his fingers worked methodically into her flesh she couldn't believe how good it felt, at each point, Paul's hands found areas of tenderness in her body and soreness in her muscles that she hadn't noticed before. His touch was firm, yet not too hard, and the slight discomfort she felt when he pressed on a particularly sore area dissipated under his caring and relentless touch.
Moving down further along her pecs, Paul slid the sheet down to uncover her breasts and Nancy felt a rush of excitement. Paul observed that her small soft breasts lay back flat against the sides of her chest, but the nipples were standing erect. Restraining himself, he concentrated on continuing the massage around her breasts to reach the muscles beneath them. A few seconds later, he pulled the sheet back up to cover her body and Nancy felt surprised by the sense of disappointment that crossed her mind. As tired as she was, she realized that she had been hoping and expecting that Paul was going to take advantage of her exposed body and pleasure her sexually instead of continuing with the massage. These thoughts made her realize more than ever how much her lifestyle had changed in the two months since meeting him.
For his part, Paul was finding it more and more difficult to concentrate on giving her a massage. Looking down on her still form, he saw the peaceful calm on her face and a slight smile on her lips. When he first uncovered her upper body, he felt a stirring between his legs at the remembrance of kissing, sucking, and teasing her soft breasts, and how Nancy found she enjoyed a degree of hard nipple play. The clamps he'd given her had gotten a lot of use lately and he remembered the one afternoon she'd returned from work and confided to him that she'd worn the clamps with a small weight dangling between them for most of the day at work. She didn't wear a bra and the entire day, she felt everyone's eyes, She would go to the ladies room periodically to release them and feel the fire rushing through her nipples and breasts. The last time she did it, she couldn't resist fingering her wet pussy until she came with a muffled groan. Returning to her workstation, she wondered if anyone could tell what she had been doing. The more she thought about it, the harder it was to concentrate on her work and she found her hand moving between her legs again. She told Paul it was all she could do to stop thinking about sex and re-focus on her job.
Returning his own thoughts to the task at hand, Paul added some more oil to his hands and began working his way down her right arm. She was surprised at how tired her upper arm felt and recognized that it was probably because of the way she held her running form. It caused her to hold her arms up in a semi-flexed position for long periods of time. Next, Paul took her forearm in both hands and raised it slightly off the table. She felt his thumbs pressing in along the upper muscle as they slowly moved down towards her wrist. She immediately felt the soreness in that part of her arm from using her computer mouse and enjoyed the dull ache fading away under his expert touch. Finally, he took her hand in both of his and his thumbs pressed into her palm sliding up and across the inside of her hand towards the base of her fingers.
"God, this feels like heaven!" she thought.
Paul lowered her arm back to the table and covered it with the sheet. Moving around to the other side of the table, he repeated the procedure on her left arm leaving Nancy in a state of relaxed semi-consciousness. Next, he moved down and adjusted to sheet to reveal Nancy's left leg. After warming some more oil in his hands he began working from the top of her thigh down towards her knee.
As his hands first touched the top of her thigh, Nancy felt a tingle move through her leg and tried to concentrate on relaxing it as Paul continued his movements. His hands grasped her upper thigh and his thumbs pressed into her flesh as he slowly slid his hands down her leg. He felt the tenseness in her already tight leg and told her to take a deep breath then let it go completely. Nancy complied with his direction and noticed the change in her whole body as she continued to try and relax. The warmth of his hands helped, but each time he moved up to the top of her leg, she felt the same tingling chill of excitement as when he first touched her there.
By the time Paul moved down to her lower leg, Nancy had once more become relaxed and was enjoying the kneading and stretching of her calf muscles. As his hands worked into her leg, she moaned quietly from the relief she felt. Her legs always stiffen up and ached after her runs, especially the long ones, but she usually just took a couple Motrin tablets and tried to stay off her feet until the soreness went away. "This was WAY better than a couple pills!" she thought.
Paul finished her left leg and then took her foot in his hands. Applying more oil, he worked into the sole of her foot and over her instep. It felt so good, she wished he'd never stop, but after just a couple minutes, he set her foot back down and covered her leg again with the sheet. He shifted to the other side of the table and uncovered her right leg up to the hip.
Once again, Nancy felt the slight chill from the air on her skin and the involuntary shiver that passed through her leg when he first touched it. He repeated the same process on her right leg that he had just completed on her left side, but instead of covering her back up with the sheet, he lifted it up on one side and instructed her to turn over. He had her move herself up along the table so that her head rested in the face cradle at the end of the table. Once she was situated, Paul replaced the sheet over her and moved the small roll under her legs so that it was under her ankles, leaving her legs in a more relaxed condition.
As he replaced the sheet over her, Paul let himself take a moment to enjoy the view of Nancy's backside. Her bottom was somewhat flat and her hips weren't as round and shapely as conventional views deemed attractive, but nonetheless, he enjoyed her appearance and how nice she felt in his arms. When they danced together or made love, his hands would often find their way down to her bottom and as he squeezed and held it, he noticed that it was still very firm and tight.
Paul adjusted the sheet to reveal Nancy's shoulders and after warming some more oil in his hands, he began working from her neck and shoulders downward. His touch remained firm, yet gentle as his fingers worked into her back and found small areas of tense muscles. As he worked through them, they slowly released leaving Nancy feeling even more relaxed than ever. By the time he reached her lower back, she was half-asleep again. He worked around her hips and eased some of the lower back pain she would frequently feel from the pounding her body took during her running.
Covering her back again, Paul shifted down to her feet and began a similar procedure as he had done earlier on her legs when Nancy was on her back. The pressure of his hands along the back of her legs revealed tightness in her hamstrings that he steadily worked to relieve. He continued to apply his massage oil liberally as it absorbed into her skin, leaving it soft and supple.
Paul moved his strong hands up the back of her thighs and over her firm bottom, still covered by the sheet. As his hands glided over her, he kneaded and squeezed her cheeks to relax them more. Nancy suddenly became more attuned to his touch and found herself becoming aroused at the possibilities that ran through her mind. She could feel some of the oil between the cheeks of her ass and hoped Paul wouldn't stop as his hands spread her cheeks and worked deeper into their tissue.
Paul was also becoming aroused as his hands moved over her delicious body and passed ever so close to her most sensitive areas. Spreading his hands over the back of her thighs, he applied pressure and slowly pressed up towards her bottom. His thumbs rested over the inner portions of her legs and as they moved up her ass, he could feel the slight coarseness of her hair just below and behind her pussy. Slightly further, he felt the edge of her tight sphincter while his hands continued to press hard into her musculature while separating the cheeks wide apart. Remembering her earlier trepidation about anal sex, he tried not to alarm her, but continued moving upward pushing the sheet up from her bottom until he reached her lower back.
"Ohhhh! That feels so good," she moaned. "You can do this for me all day!"
Slightly distracted, Paul added a bit too much oil to his hands and as he rubbed them together, some of the excess dripped down on her now exposed bottom. Nancy felt the oil hitting her skin, and then felt Paul's hands resume their kneading and stroking over her cheeks. She also felt more oil dribbling down towards her back hole and then down towards her pussy, which was already becoming wet from her own juices. Paul kept rubbing the oil into her skin and followed the trail down between her cheeks. Reaching her bung hole, he let his thumbs circle around it while still pressing inward. After feeling her cheeks try to clench together at the first pass of his thumbs over her hole, he kept his hands in place and let her relax again. Continuing in a circular pattern, his thumbs worked around her tight pucker and gradually penetrated just inside the hard ring guarding her opening.
Surprisingly, Nancy didn't comment or reject these tentative advances on her remaining virginity. Instead, she remained undecided as to how far she should let him go. She had never tried anal sex and she couldn't imagine it being much fun. Yet, here was her lover figuratively knocking on her back door and the feeling wasn't unpleasant at all. In fact, she found that area of her body quite sensitive and stimulated by Paul's gentle and persistent touch. At this point in their relationship, they had already established a mutual trust with one another and it was easier for her to allow him to access to her most taboo area knowing that he would never do anything to hurt her. She began to focus on the strange new sensations as he cautiously prepared her for complete entry and found it hard to relax her tight hole. When Paul paused and began to withdraw from her bottom, she raised her hips slightly to give him better access and tacit approval to continue his probing.
"Just a second," he said. Leaving the room, he returned with two pillows which he placed under her hips to hold her up higher. She felt him dribble more oil directly between the cheeks of her ass and she felt her mouth get dry and her heart begin to race in anticipation of what was next.
"Let me know if it begins to hurt or bother you too much so I can stop," he instructed.
She felt him spread her cheeks wide and move directly to her hole with his thumb. He worked around the rim of her brown pucker, making sure that there was plenty of oil to lubricate her dry opening. As he began to press his thumb into her, he watched her start to clench her muscles again, causing him to pause.
"Try to relax and let me in," he told her.
As soon as she focused on letting him enter her, she was surprised at how easily Paul's thumb suddenly slid inside. Once his thumb was partially inside her, Paul began rubbing gently around the inside of her sphincter to relax and help it open further. Nancy felt a slight discomfort from the pressure into her anus, but Paul released his hold on her ass with his free hand and reached under her hips to begin playing with her wet pussy.
He was a little surprised at her wetness, but soon had Nancy rocking forward and back across his hand while he continued to maneuver his thumb deeper inside her ass. As her excitement grew, he was able to insert two more fingers inside her pussy and he began sliding it in and out of her making sure to rub against her little clit on each stroke.
As she lay on top of the table with her ass up in the air and Paul fingering both of her holes, Nancy never felt so exposed and vulnerable. That feeling coupled with the intense pleasure Paul elicited from her dripping wet pussy resulted in the most intense orgasm Nancy had ever experienced. As wave after wave passed through her body, she felt her pussy and her ass simultaneously gripping Paul's digits and trying to hold them in place. The fullness in her ass from his invading thumb continued to be a new and not completely pleasant feeling, but it also gave her a sense of excitement for breaking a long held taboo.
As her climax subsided, Paul noticed her whole body relaxing back onto the table and the pillows he had placed under her. His hand was covered with her pussy juice as he removed it. He continued to finger her ass so that she could get more used to the feeling and was rewarded by the sound of more moans escaping from her mouth. The scent of her sex filled the area and he felt his mouth getting hungry for her. He carefully removed his hand from her ass and instructed her not to leave while he cleaned up.
When Paul returned, he found Nancy still lying on the table with the pillows under her waist. He coaxed her into a kneeling position keeping her head and chest on the table and raising her ass to a prominent position before him. Nancy wasn't exactly sure what he was planning, but she secretly hoped he would play with her freshly violated ass some more.
Maneuvering around her on the table, Paul took her ass cheeks with both hands and spread them apart to reveal her pussy to his dry mouth. Plunging his face into her backside, he began sucking and tonguing her wet pussy with wild abandon. She felt him pressing hard to reach her clit with his tongue as he began fingering her ass with his index finger. This time, she was ready for him and he had no problem entering her back hole. Nancy felt her own primal urges rising in her and she wanted him to take her right then.
"I love when you to take me from behind and ravish me!" she cried aloud.
Paul was both surprised and excited by this sudden change in Nancy's behavior. He'd never heard her talk like this before when they made love, despite the sometimes frenzied sessions they had shared. His cock was bulging under his shorts as he reluctantly removed his mouth from between her legs. He quickly dropped his shorts and Nancy saw his throbbing cock spring out from its restraint. Fearing the table might not hold up well under their combined weight and activity, he helped her to lean over the side with her legs spread and her small ass waiting for him.
She waiting in anticipation for the shock of his cock entering her virgin ass for the first time, but instead, he moved it under her where it easily slid into her pussy. As Paul began pounding into her from behind, Nancy felt like a whore for her desires, but she didn't care. Her craving for his cock was insatiable. She wanted him in her pussy; she wanted to feel it in her ass; she wanted to taste his cum as he released it into her mouth. All these thoughts of being used by him made her feel degraded, but at the same time, she wanted to be used by him. He was her lover and the man who had opened her mind to accept and revel in her sexuality. After her initial tentativeness to engage sexually with Paul in anything outside her old comfort zone, his kindness, attention and respect for her gradually earned her trust. Now she felt awash in a sea of sensuality and wanted him to continue pleasuring her. His attention and honest interest in her wellbeing excited her. She couldn't remember any time when a man had shown a genuine and deep interest in her. The physical part of their mutual attraction was clearly enhanced by the emotional ties and mutual respect that had developed between Paul and her. As her mind continued to try to understand these strange thoughts, she became aware that he was coming inside of her.
Paul suddenly seized her hips and pulled himself deep inside her. His cock immediately began shooting its warm load into her waiting pussy and he didn't relax his grip on her until it was done. As she raised herself from her position over the massage table, his soft cock fell from her and she turned to embrace him.
"I thought you wanted my ass," she whispered in his ear.
"I didn't think you were quite ready," he replied. "But if you want, I can help you get ready."
"Oh God! I've never felt like this before. I can't stop thinking of your cock buried inside my ass!" she pleaded.
Paul guided her back to her bedroom and laid her back on the bed. Going over to the dresser she had cleared out for him, he opened one of the drawers and returned with a small dildo in his hand. It was about 8 inches long, yet more slender than a real cock.
"I picked this up a while ago when I went shopping for a few things for you."
Spreading her legs, he applied a small amount of oil to the dildo and began to rub the tip around the outside of her asshole. She felt a slight pressure and then the tip of the toy slipped inside of her. As Paul continued to work it in and out slowly, Nancy felt the initial discomfort fade. Soon, he was sliding nearly the whole length inside of her ass and Nancy felt herself raising her hips to accommodate it.
"How does that feel?" he asked.
"Oh, God, it's wonderful!" she cried.
With one hand, he continued fucking her ass with the dildo while he leaned down to engulf her pussy in his mouth. As soon as he found her clit with his tongue, she let out a load moan and pushed herself up into him.
"I want to feel your cock in my ass!" she cried out, but to no avail.
Paul continued with the dildo while eating her out until Nancy was exhausted. He carefully removed the invading device and Nancy immediately felt the emptiness in her anus where it had once been.
"It's still too soon for me to get hard again," he explained. "Next time, it'll be me in there," he promised.
Rising up, Nancy turned him around to lie back on the bed with his flaccid member in front of her. "I can still get something more from you," she said with a gleam in her eye.
She deftly spread his unresisting legs and moved her hands under his soft balls. He felt her fingertips brushing up underneath them, but he was slow to grasp the meaning when she licked her index finger.
"Two can play at this game," she said and began sliding her extended finger up inside his ass.
At last, Paul understood her intention and he relaxed in anticipation. This wasn't the first time she had milked his prostate, but he hadn't gotten used to the feeling yet. His cock remained limp while her finger worked up inside him and found the small hard shape it was seeking. As Nancy began moving her finger to and fro, Paul felt a sudden urge to pee, but he knew it wasn't real. Nancy moved her mouth over his cock and began sucking on it while her finger continued its work inside of him. After another minute, she caught the first taste of his thin cum and she kept fingering and sucking until he finally pushed her free.
"You can't quit on me that easily," she said with a smile.