Judge Elizabeth Griffin and I continued to have a regular luncheon date every Wednesday. I am forever amazed that this beautiful, classy woman would find me, a blue collar electrical engineer a suitable partner.
Our last non-luncheon date had us "doing the deed" in the bush, under the cover of foliage along the lake trail. Our first luncheon date after the hike was very revealing.
"Reg, I told you earlier that I was a closet exhibitionist. Making love in the outdoors, just off the public trail, was the riskiest thing I have ever done. It was also the most exciting! Every night I lie in bed and relive those moments, the feel of the breeze on my bare skin, the warmth of the sun on my naked flesh, the feel of your breath on my pussy. It was so dangerous and so delicious."
"It was certainly an unforgettable experience for me too. You are a surprising woman Elizabeth, there are so many layers to you."
"Everyone has a kink, whether they admit it or not. What is your kink Reg? What will make you purr like a cat, what floats your boat?"
"You do Elizabeth, everything about you."
"Okay, thanks for that, but I am looking for something different, what is your fantasy?"
"Again, you are my fantasy but I know that's not what you are after. The first time I ever had sex it was outdoors. I had taken a woman for a picnic. We ate, drank horrible cheap wine and we fucked under the picnic blanket when we were through. Like most first times it was forgettably unforgettable, but I too found that the feeling of sex outdoors was a huge turn on and still do."
"Mmmm, we will have to do the lake trail again or maybe find other great spots."
All this talk had me worked up. I proposed another hike but this time it was in a busier location. It would make it more difficult to find a place of safe seclusion but the fear of being discovered would amp up the excitement factor.
She agreed with a very sly smile on her lips.
Saturday arrived so I picked Elizabeth up in my truck. This time she wore a crop top and yoga pants. She wore a longish jacket to cover up when not on the trail. Damn, this woman could wear burlap and look sexy as hell!
The day was gorgeous, the sky blue and the sun warm. We hiked for about a half an hour before the fellow hikers thinned out. As we went around a bend in the trail I swept her into my arms and kissed her. It had to be quick because there was a group not far behind us. I was hoping that Elizabeth was getting in the mood.
Finally the group behind us passed us as we stopped to admire some of wildlife. Once they were clear Elizabeth took my hand again and lead me deeper into the trees and behind cover. We were still very close to the path.
Elizabeth dropped to her knees, undid my belt and pulled my pants down till they hit the ground. My boxers quickly followed. She looked up at me and took me in both hands and sucked me into her mouth. This was the first time she had ever tried oral sex with me. She was good, better than good. She took her time too, no quick blow job, she was an artist. The excitement built for me but I wanted it quicker, she held me back, teasing me, making me crazy with lust. Just then we heard the sound of hikers on the trail. They approached us from the south. They would be walking by us just a few feet away! Elizabeth suddenly picked up the pace considerably. Her timing was impeccable. I was already in such a hightened state of arousal that I was brought to climax just as the hikers were closest to us. I came in Elizabeth's mouth and grunted at the first gush. The hikers stopped. Elizabeth and I froze, still as statues. Thirty seconds later they walked on.
Elizabeth just smiled and stripped out of her crop top and bottoms. Nude again outdoors, her nipples showed her arousal. I already had my pants down so I simply stepped out of them, removed my shirt and we embraced.
"I want you so badly Reg. I love being outdoors, exposed like we are. It feels so right so natural and I am so fucking horny right now.
Fuck me Reg."
We did, we fucked there in the semi privacy of the bushes. Our soft moans and other noises kept to a minimum as we made love. People passed by us on the trail unaware of the pure naked passion that was happening just feet from them. It was dreamlike and heavenly. after we finished cuddling, we dressed and finished the hike.
We drove back to her home and I was invited in again. I eagerly accepted. She put the kettle on and was preparing the tea. I came up behind her and hugged her close.
"Elizabeth, we need to talk."
"Oh oh, those are rarely good words to hear."
"Okay, here it is, I will just come out and say it. We have been seeing each other regularly for months now. We come from completely different backgrounds. We should be like oil and water but when we are together I feel complete. When I am apart from you I feel incomplete and I long for your presence. Elizabeth, I am deeply, head over heels in love with you."
"You are right, that wasn't bad news at all. I knew that we a connection from the first day we met at the dentist's office. I too feel your absence and even during my lonely nights I find comfort reliving the moments of intimacy we have shared. Reg I have fallen in love with you too. I wish I knew what we should do about it. Any ideas?"
"Besides taking you upstairs and making love to you? Yes, I have a few ideas.
First of all I would suggest that we acknowledge to each other that we want this relationship between us to be exclusive. I know that you are in high demand socially and I have seen the looks that other men give you so this probably a larger sacrifice for you than it is for me."
"Exclusive, understood and accepted."
"I know things developed quickly between us but I don't think I have ever been more sure of anything. I would like you to become my fiancé"
"Is that a round about way for you to ask me to marry you?"
"Yes, I suppose it is! I was trying to find the right words for our relationship and boyfriend or girlfriend just didn't cut it."
"Reg, you would make a wonderful husband. I love that you want me to marry you. I would love to be your wife but not just yet. I am really sorry that I can't buy into marriage right now. I am not saying no to your proposal of marriage, I am saying not yet."
"That is fair. Thanks Elizabeth for helping me clarify where we stand. We are exclusively dating each other but you are not ready for marriage yet."
"Yes, but you can certainly use the term fiance. I will certainly use that term for you. Because as things sit right now I will marry you, just not yet."
I felt good about our future together. we both wanted to be together, I was just a little ahead of where she was.
About a month later, during a Wednesday lunch at a fabulous sushi restaurant she dropped a bomb on me.
"Reg, I have been recruited by a jurisdiction on the west coast. It is a huge leap forward in my career and I have accepted the position. I will be moving there in three months."
I was shocked at this news.
"I wish we could have discussed this earlier."
"We can discuss it now."
"You are presenting it as a fait accompli. Something done and dusted. I am happy for you Elizabeth. I know this is important to you. I guess our relationship will become a long distance one."
"Reg, I don't think that's a good idea. It won't be fair to either of us. Exclusivity would be next to impossible. My opportunity to travel will be limited because there is are a long list of cases to be tried. Your schedule is a little more flexible but how often could you fly cross country? Once a month is pretty optimistic."
"My love, I don't care how much it will cost me. I will find a way to make it work."
"It will be hard on us. Maybe it is better to break it off now Reg. I am not looking for freedom from you or freedom to date others. I just don't think we need the added stress of trying to make a part time relationship work."
There it was. Her moving would make this a part time relationship.
" Lets not screw things up too hastily. I want to look at options. I have a few irons in the fire right now. We have three months, lets use them to our advantage."
"That's the optimism that I love about you! Yes lets fund ways to make it work! What are you doing tonight?"
"I have a late meeting this afternoon regarding the wiring for the new auditorium but I could be clear by 8 pm."
"Meet me at the casino at 8 pm I 'll be in Windward lounge waiting for you."
The meeting in the afternoon was short thank goodness. I got home, showered and shaved and put on my new blue suit, red silk tie and white shirt. Spiffy.
Elizabeth was in the lounge as promised. She sat at the bar with a passel of lounge lizards all over her. One look at her and you knew why. She was in a very short leather skirt, hi-heeled boots and a very see through blouse. She wore a half cup lace bra that screamed sexy loud and clear. I had to elbow my way through the optimistic lotharios that figured they had a chance with her.
"Darling, These fine gentlemen have been so kind to keep me in drinks while waiting for you." She leaned over and kissed me on the lips as the lizards moved back to their lair.
"Let's go to the steakhouse and eat then we can have some fun!"
The steaks were outstanding, at that price they bloody well should be. we played roulette and blackjack. We came out about even by the end of the night. We got to our room and put on bathing suits, grabbed the robes and went for a swim. She filled out a bikini as well as I had expected and attracted a bit of attention. We hugged kissed and touched each other in places one aught not to touch in public but unser the water you can hide many sins.
Finished with our swim we went back to the room. Elizabeth went into the bathroom to dry off and change as I stood at the window high above the city. Elizabeth came out of the bathroom and stood in front of the window. The lights were off in the room so we could see the city better. She shrugged the robe off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. She stood at the window naked, the moonlight making her body glow. She beckoned me to her, removed my robe and my bathing suit. She picked up the remote control for the lights and turned the room lights on. We stood naked together visible to anyone who cared to look up all those stories. We would look like ants to anyone on the ground but Elizabeth loved the exhibitionism of it all.
She and I kissed, long and langourous. She faced the window, placed her hands on the glass and bent over.
"I want the world to see that you are mine Reg. Take me from behind. I want to watch the city watching us."
She was more than ready for me and I her. I held my erection and moved it across her pussy, coating it in her juices. I pushed in. She gasped and started moaning. She came faster than usual. I hadn't cum yet. Still hard I slipped out of her, bent over and kissed her shoulder then moved to re-enter. I missed just enough to have the tip of my cock touch her tight rosebud. Before I could apologize and reposition she pushed back.
"Yes, please take me up my ass. I have never done anal and I need you to claim it."
She pushed hard against me and I popped inside. I didn't get in very far, it was too tight and painful but she climaxed almost immediately and I finished right along with her.
"How will I manage without you Reg?" she sighed."
"Have faith my love, I will find a way. We have time yet."
I spent a very busy two months with work plus dating Elizabeth, plus working on a plan to keep us together.
I had finally managed to herd all the cats and get my ducks in a row, to mix my metaphors. I asked Elizabeth to join me at the restaurant where we first had lunch.
She was dressed like you would expect a judge to look. Mid-length skirt, matching jacket, white blouse. We ordered our meals and we engaged in small talk. We ate a sumptuous meal and relaxed with coffee after.
"Elizabeth, we are nearing the end of your life here in the city. We met and fell in love here. I don't want this to end. I have made some inquiries and I have a few options.
Option one, I have someone who has offered to buy my business. It is a fair offer. I could then move west with you.
Option two, I keep the business but downsize. I would only accept jobs I can do remotely. This would be more complicated.
Option three, I keep on working as I am and come to you one weekend each month.
Option four, we go our separate ways. I suffer a broken heart.
My gut tells me option one is the one that will work best for the both of us. I can re-establish my business on the west coast. There is one complicating factor though.
I reached across the table and held her hand.
Elizabeth, will you marry me?"
I pulled the ring box from my pocket and opened it so she could see the diamond ring. She gasps. Tears start to flow down her cheeks.
"Reg, are you sure? You will be giving up a business that you have built from the ground up. I love you but I'm afraid. My earlier marriage failed horribly. I don't want to go through that again. Oh God I love you, and I can't imagine life without you in it. Yes, I will be your wife. Let's get married here where we met and fell in love with each other. Then lets start a new life and husband and wife there!
And just like that we became a married couple. You never know, there may be more adventures on the west coast!