"So," I asked the naked girl, "what did you want to do?"
"I was hoping we could do something before I have to go and get ready for work," she said, coming over to snuggle up against me. "It'll have to be quick now though."
"Anything in particular?"
"I've been thinking about the hand cuff thing - that really turned me on when we were doing it with Sue."
"OK," I said, "get dressed."
"Are we going out?"
"No," I said, "tell you what, top and panties."
She put on the bikini top, and her panties, and I went and found my hand cuffs. I wasn't convinced she could reach my door knob with her hands behind her, so we went and tried. No dice.
"How about in front of you?" I asked.
"It's not as cool," she said, "but it'll gave to do, I guess."
"Or I could leave the door on the latch, and you could have them push it open."
"Let's do that," she said.
I called a smoothie place that delivered. I told the girl on the phone that it was a surprise for my girlfriend, so to send the sexiest guy they had. She laughed and told me it would be about twenty minutes.
I did the video call thing with our phones, left money on the kitchen counter, locked her hands behind her back.
I went and sat down, and she came and knelt down in front of me, trying to undo my jeans with her teeth. I undid them for her, and pulled them down a bit so she could suck my dick for a few minutes.
When it was approaching time, I went and put the door on the latch, just as the delivery guy started up the stairs. I went in the bedroom and shut the door, picked up my phone and pressed record. He knocked on the door, and Rachel called out that it was open, and in he came. He found her standing in the kitchen.
"Are you OK?" he asked. He was tall, tanned and good looking.
"Yes," she said, "my boyfriend just likes to set me up then go out, to see what I'll do."
He put the smoothie on the counter.
"The money's there," she said, nodding at it.
He took the money.
"Keep the change," she said.
"He's an asshole," said the guy.
"Yeah," she said. "I did think maybe I'd dump him."
She smiled nervously.
"Hey, you want to help me prank him?"
"OK, what do you want to do?"
"Pull my top up, that'll piss him off."
He looked at her.
"For real?"
"Yeah, he's the jealous type, and he'll be upset that somebody saw my tits."
He undid her top, and pulled it up.
"You have a nice rack," he said.
The top fell down. He pulled it up again, but it didn't want to stay up.
"Hook it over my head," she suggested.
He did this, so now she was uncovered. He stood back, looking at her.
"Do you want to rub my tits?" she said, nervously.
"For real?" he asked.
She bit her lip, and nodded.
He felt her up for a few minutes, getting her nipples really good and stiff. She seemed to be having fun.
"You can suck them if you want to," she said.
Apparently he did want to. A lot. She was really getting in to this.
She swallowed and said "Do you want to take my panties off?"
"Are you sure this is what you want?" he asked.
"Yes," she said, "I think I am going to dump him, so let's make it worthwhile."
He pulled her panties down, slowly, helping her step out of them.
He stood up again in front of her, and said "now what?"
"Give me a sec," she said, and awkwardly knelt down in front of him. "I'd like to suck your dick for a bit, if that's OK."
He smiled, and pulled his shorts down. She reached forward and sucked his dick into her mouth, and started bobbing forward and backward on it.
When he got close to cumming, he told her, and she let his dick drop out of her mouth and said "do it on my tits."
He jacked away for almost a minute, then unloaded over her.
"Do you think your boyfriend will be angry now?" he asked, looking down at her almost naked and covered in his cum.
"Oh yes, but he'll learn a lesson from this," she said.
"Do you want me to stay?"
"No," she said, "I don't know when he'll be back, and I've already taken up so much of your time."
He helped her to her feet, and gave her a kiss.
"I'm Tim," he said, dropping a business card on the counter, "call if you want me."
He walked down the hallway, and out the door.
"Oh my god," she called out to me, "did you see all that? That was incredible!"
"Yup," I said, walking past her to lock the door, "that was fucking hot."
I came back and looked at her.
"You need a shower," I said, unlocking her hand cuffs, "and there's a new toothbrush for you in the top drawer."
She cleaned her teeth while the water warned up. I watched her shower with the curtain open. When she was done, she turned the water off and took the towel from me.
"Fuck!" she said, "I'm going to be late for work!"
She started getting dressed, in the few clothes she had. I watched as she went and got a new pair of panties out of her bag.
"I can't go dressed like this! Can I borrow a sweatshirt of something?"
"Sure," I said, and went and got a red sweatshirt from the bedroom. She pulled it on over her bikini top.
"I'll see you later?" she asked. "I need to cum."
"Sure," I said. "Do you have your nipple clamps?"
"Yes," she said.
"Put them on before you come over, but remember to take them off whatever happens after 15 minutes. We don't want you damaging those perfect nipples."
"OK," she said, kissed me and left.
I sat down to catch up on some web surfing. It's amazing how much time you can waste just reading the news. A couple of hours later, Rachel called me... she was driving, so in her way to a delivery.
"It's the old guy again. The pervert calls every night, it sounds like, and asks if I'm working." She was laughing. "He's ordered a pizza, and I'm just in my way to deliver it."
"How long have you got to get there?"
"Oh, like thirty minutes. I'll be there in ten though."
"How about you lose your bikini top and put your clamps on. Remember, fifteen minutes tops."
"OK, I'll have to stop and set this up. I'll call you later."
She hung up.
I sat and waited. After about twenty minutes, she called back.
"I'm so going to come over later. So, I stopped and took my bikini top off, and or the clamps on, then drove over there. The inside of your sweatshirt was rough on my nipples, and that was driving me mad. I get there, and he's by the door, ready for me, and invites me in. He's wearing a bath robe. 'Hello my dear,' he says, 'what game are you playing tonight?'. So I pulled it top up and showed him. 'Oh my, does that hurt?' he says, and I say not until I take them off, speaking of which, it's about time I take them off. So I let him unclip them. The first one was incredible, and the second one, well, I came right there and almost collapsed on the floor. When I got my breath back, I told him I had to go, and here we are. I just have to settle up and clock out, and I'll be over to suck your dick."
About twenty minutes later, she was banging on the door. I opened it, and she was topless.
"Here's your shirt," she said, giving it to me, "thanks."
She came in and closed the door behind her, leading me to the living room. She dropped her bag, bikini top and shoes, before taking off her panties and getting a clean pair.
"How many of those do you carry?" I asked.
"When I'm coming here, a whole pack, so six."
"And that's your third pair?"
"Yes," she said. "I predict I'll need the fourth pair shortly."
She came and pushed me down on the chair and straddled me, pulling her skirt up.
I reached around and unbuttoned it and started sucking on one nipple. I pulled her in to me as she started working on my jeans. She gave up and got off me, dropping her skirt. She could now get my jeans unbuttoned, and pulled them and my underwear down my legs. I kicked them off, and she straddled me again, grinding herself against my dick and kissing me. I kneaded her butt through her panties, and we stayed like this for several minutes.
She stood up again, and pulled her panties off, then straddled me again. She lifted my dick, and impaled herself on it. She ground away on me until she came, then, after a short breather, carried on until I came too. We just sat and hugged for a while, then she got off me and got another pair of panties. They were immediately wet with my cum running out of her.
"I promised to suck your dick," she said, and came over and cleaned me up thoroughly with her mouth.
The stood up again, took off her panties and put on another clean pair. She picked up her skirt and put that on, then put her bikini top back on.
"Right," she said, "I gotta go, things to do and panties to sell. Thanks for your help, I've loved this."
I got up and collected my underwear and put them on, and walked her to the door, kissing her goodnight.