Looking at our watches, we were starting to wonder where the rest of the team was. We had booked our table for 4:30 pm at Mexicali's, and the two other girls were late by 15 minutes. Isabelle and I carpooled with my car, but the other two took their own, since the restaurant was in the same direction as their drive home. We were going to have to drive back in the schoolboard's direction, anyway.
'Do you think they got lost?' said Isabelle, confused. 'Or no...wait, I know: they must have went to the other location, on Pinetop street. Oh no!'
'It's... Erm, I dunno, ahah!' I baffled. 'They don't reply to my texts. If they realized they're at the wrong spot, they must be either driving here or they gave up and went home directly. They weren't exactly following us, too. They didn't even see us leave the building.'
I was confused too. I felt bad, it was going to be our last little moment as a team before vacation. We were looking forward to finally talk about something else than work.
I tried to show some disappointment seeing that our little get together was falling apart, but I couldn't help smiling. I couldn't. I was starting to wonder, and hope, if it really was going to be me alone with my ever well-endowed Isabelle.
'We can wait a little longer, before ordering.' she said, shrugging. '...or not?'
She knew she looked ravishing today. She was also beginning to smile knowingly at the increasing excitement and that she couldn't wait to hear me complimenting her, which I couldn't have done as much with our other coworkers at the table. She was wearing a cute little button up red shirt, with a white see through tank top underneath, and blue tights. She only had two buttons done on her shirt, which left it wide open. Yup...It looked like I was gonna have her to myself for a few drinks, and, I hoped, also for a few fun experiments.
'Looking at you, Isabelle, I say that my happy hour has already started. So let's order now, even if they do come...'
'Ahah, oh you're so sweet, Eric. Are you saying I'm making you happy?'
I was just grinning. I didn't know what to say but she knew what she wanted to hear. It was too good to be true. I couldn't get my eyes off of her, and she followed my gaze that kept darting back and forth between her eyes and her sumptuous cleavage. The opening of her shirt was framing perfectly the bulge of her huge 38G titties pushed up by the black bra that I could see through her white top. I was indeed happy yes, but mostly, I was getting indubitably horny.
My heartbeat was through the roof, and my mouth was dry: I needed a drink. The restaurant was kind of empty; a lot of people in town were away already for vacation. Our booth was kind of private and far from the other tables. The sun beamed in through the front window of the dining room, but it was still dark enough and cozy inside, as their lights were dimmed to the lowest. It was a perfect atmosphere, I felt great: it was gonna be a sweet fun time. We ordered a couple of martinis, a few snacks, and we brought a toast to her, and to the beginning of our vacations... Oh, and the other never showed up.
'I can't believe this.' I said. 'Did you know that this was going to happen? Did you set us up?... Did you.. Did you dress like this on purpose today, Isabelle? Are you trying to make me crazy?'
'Hehe, do you like it?' she said, bouncing her eyebrows. 'I know I didn't really get to treat you yet with more of those provocative outfits that I told you about last time, but I thought I'd really go for it today. I hope you enjoyed your day at the office, knowing that you could get a good shot of... my cleavage at my desk whenever you wanted.'
She said that last part with a little shudder in her voice.
'Guilty as charged. I admit that I did steal a few glances today.'
'Plus, I'm going straight to my neighbours' pool party tonight after this, so I thought I'd... put on my bikini top right away.'
My eyes shot open wide like two toonies!
'Are you serious?' I gasped. You're wearing a bikini top, and not a bra?' I was so surprised, she laughed and had to hush me down, afraid that someone would hear me.
'Yes, yes! Shhhh' she chuckled. 'I bought this bikini mostly for when I get a tan, but it's so small, and tight, and... you know, with my big boobies, I know I get a lot of stares at the beach. It's really sexy. So I don't know. I was going to show it only when I swim in the pool at the party tonight, but maybe now, I also feel like walking around all evening wearing only this.'
'Wow. I'd like to see that... Eating canapes and ogling at your body all night.'
'Yeah, I'm sure you would. Shame you won't be there with me, but I can always... show you the top? If you want? What do you say?'
Pause.
'What, here?'
'Yes, here.' she said, bouncing those eyebrows again.
'How?'
'Ahah it's ok. I don't mind, you know, even if other people see it here in the restaurant. And I'll keep my red shirt on top. It really looks like a bikini too, so nobody could really think that I'm flaunting my bra or anything. Plus, the ladies room are right here. It's all good! Just...Just wait here, give me a minute, Eric. I really want to show you. You're gonna love it.'
I felt that this was going to be a complete understatement the moment I see it.
She took a sip of her martini, staring in my eyes, and got up, headed straight for the ladies room.
'Ok. I'll wait here.' I said, all casual.
But under the surface, I was freaking out in my shorts. I felt I had some kind of cramp: my penis muscles felt like they were lifting some heavy weights, constantly straining to rush as much blood as possible into it. It hurt, but mostly because of the lack of room in my underwear. I was growing a massive boner, and we were only 15 minutes in that happy hour.
I took a sip, and blindly watched a game of golf on the huge TV's, when she came back already, dressed like she said she would be. From the distance, in the hallway, I could already see monumental cleavage where there used to be a white top. Her little happy bounce in her stride with her high heeled sandals were making her chest jiggle considerably, I guessed more than they would have had she worn a normal bra. But it wasn't a bra. It was indeed, a tight black bikini top, very sexy and deep V with little knots tied at the straps. Simple, but very efficient.
She sat down and, holy shit, I didn't know where to look. I had trouble breathing and I was laughing uncontrollably. Her boobs were so fucking hot and she was hanging at my lips, waiting for me to comment on the obvious.
I simply lifted my glass.
'Cheers, Isabelle.'
She smiled back, and knocked her glass against mine.
'Cheers, Eric... So... What do you think?'
'Ahah, well... they're just like I remember them. Last time I had them in my hands, they felt so soft and heavy, exactly how they look now. You left a minute later wearing only a little tank top with no bra, which left my cock hard all through the night and, well, I'm happy to see them again today.'
'I meant, my bikini, Eric.' she sighed, rolling her eyes. 'What do you think of my bikini?'
'Oh... Ahahaha, sorry. Well, fits you like a glove. It looks lovely on you, darling. Really. You're gonna crush the scene, tonight.'
'Awww, you're cute, Eric...'
Then followed a little tense pause. Isabelle was staring at me, inciting me to stare in return at the fruit of my lust, saying that it was ok to surrender and look, and that she found it flattering. She even allowed herself a few looks to where my eyes were, adjusting her bikini straps, the collar and the buttons of her shirt, her glasses. She was making sure she looked drop-dead gorgeous, like she knew she did. And, all the while, I was subconsciously drinking tiny sips of my martini, keeping my lips busy at the rim of my glass, as if they wished they were sucking on something; drinking in the view of that woman's healthy and abundant cleavage.
'Glad to see that you still seem very fond of them, though.' she whispered, breaking the silence.
'Them what, sorry?' I said, in a trance.
'My big titties.'
Hhhhhhhhhhh those words out of her mouth were giving me goosebumps every damn time. I loved it when she talked openly about them. I whimpered on cue and shot a glob of gooey precum in my pants.
'Of course. Every day, they blow my mind. But, for the record, you offered to dress like this, and it's far from calming me down.' I said. 'Truth is, my pants are starting to hurt.'
'You poor thing, what should we ever do about that? Are you going to need some room? Would you, by any chance, need to open that fly and smack that big cock on the table for me?'
'Ahah, that's a bold choice of words, there. "Smack it on the table for me." Funny you seem to look after me and my well-being, while deep down, you just really wish to see it. Don't you?'
No answer. She withdrew a little to sink in her seat and her legs started fidgeting underneath the table, I could feel them. She sipped her drink and, biting her lip, she now looked at me, with the hungry eyes of a carnivore. Her cheekbones were getting a little red from the booze. I know last time at the office, both of us were sober and still managed to get horny as hell. Now, staring at her in broad daylight, with an ever so sexy outfit, I wondered how really dirty she can get when she's a little tipsy. Honestly, I was getting a little scared. Scared she would eat me, or something. And scared of being unable to hold myself back. And we were in a restaurant, of all places.
Well, game on. I want to have some fun. It's the last time I'll see her before a long while too, before she gets home to her pool, her parties, her beach, her husband... That fucking guy, I hope he knows what he has.
'Um... well, would you like another drink?' I said, calmly.
She hesitated a little, and shrugged lightly, looking at her watch.
'Sure...' she said in a dry tone. 'Why not. I'm still a little thirsty. I'd love to stay.'
'Ok. Well, here's some money.' I slipped her forty dollars on the table. 'I'd like you to go get us two more martinis on ice, please. But... but I want you first to cross the whole dining room full of people over there, and head for the other washrooms, at the other end.'
Isabelle's eyes were starting to shimmer, wet with emotion. She stopped blink.
'And... please... I want you to... take off your bikini top from under your shirt while you're in there. Put it in your pocket, and bring it back to me, after you went to ask the barman for our drinks and gave him a really good tip. So that means everyone in the dining room will have seen you get in there with your bikini on, and come out without. And they will see the giant cleavage that your big soft boobies will make with your open shirt, and... I'm sure they're all gonna think that you really look like one dirty little minx.'
I was droning on, monotone. I felt like I was hypnotizing her... Holy fuck, it was killing me: I was about to come in my pants. Giving her that kind of indecent instructions and ask her to be extremely daring and flaunt her braless tits in a public place? I couldn't believe what I was saying. Normally, this was just one of my absurd fantasies that I just knew was very unlikely to happen. But I was here today, in front of her, enumerating each step to her, like it was some grand, elaborate evil scheme that's been thought out profoundly. And I was asking for her full collaboration and compliance in the matter, like her job, or life, depended on it. Ahah, my trustworthy secretary.
I held my breath, and I heard the buzzing of my blood rushing in my ears. Time stopped, while we stared at each other. And if she was going to play, I was about to find out.
'Then...' I finally said, breaking the silence, 'and only then, I will open my fly and smack my cock on the table for you.'
And I downed the last sip of my martini.
Isabelle blinked and slowly reanimated. Looking sideways, towards the dining room, a huge grin split her face from ear to ear. She suddenly grabbed the money and got up by the table, bouncing, making her titties wobble in her bikini top again. She seemed like she was trying to work up some courage. She was looking at my groin, and my cock poking out. Eyes on the prize...
'I'll be back...' she whispered, licking her lips.
And off she went. I was going nuts! She walked, swinging her hips in a confident stride, but not too fast, like she wanted to get it over with. She was taking her time, ensuring that everyone acknowledged the first part of our plan. Sadly, it was the part that I couldn't really get a good look at her. Isabelle did show me a lot earlier, when she first took off her white top. Now, I could only see her back, but I could at least look at people's reactions. And I knew that they could see her big fucking tits wobbling proudly in her bikini top. I heard the loud clinging of forks dropping on plates, people coughing up a bite that went down the wrong hole. I heard some yelps of surprise... then everything got kinda quiet: everybody stopped their conversations dead in their tracks to look at Isabelle's sexy outfit. And with reason. She really was a show stopper.
And that was just the beginning. Oh man. Soon, she was going to come back, even hotter than before. I was unconsciously touching my shaft in my pants, rubbing it more than adjusting it from lack of space. Looking down, I now had a huge wet spot in my shorts. Some colors are more obvious when wet, and my shorts were grey. Yeah... It was fucking flagrant. A huge mess of precum, bound to give me as much embarrassment as Isabelle if I was to go through the dining room too.
She disappeared in the washroom. I stared at the door and made sure she would see me looking when she got out. This was going to be the best fucking day of my life!
After a minute or two, the door opened and she stepped out.
Jesus Christ... I felt precum running down my leg, now. She was far, the dining room was huge. I couldn't see too well... but I knew. I knew she did it. And that was all I needed in my mind for now. She saw me looking over the wall of our booth and she smiled.
Her huge 38G titties were encased to perfection in the opening of her shirt. It appeared that instead of fastening the buttons, she simply tied up her shirt at the front, making the fabric curl up a little and now revealing her little belly lower down. It was even sexier than I thought. She... she dared even further. My mouth was watering and I couldn't wait until I got my hands on them. I didn't care anymore. I just had to wait until she got back.
Though, she still had to go to the bar and get us some drinks. That was her next step.
So she started for the bar, still using that same sexy strut, though now, I could look directly at her from the front. Her big juicy breasts jiggled tauntingly in her shirt. People that first had a shocked expression on her first appearance, now had a look of complete bewilderment on their face. We could only hear the thumping music in the room. It was giving me an itch to dance, and just grind my hips against someone...
Isabelle handled everything like a pro. In her head, she was just walking casually in a sexy outfit, similar I'm sure to plenty of other ones she has at home, and that she wears during her trips. It was borderline scandalous, but nowadays, I keep wondering how a lot of girls seem to get away with wearing stuff like this in public.
It looked like the barman hadn't seen her yet. He turned around and did a double take: his eyes must have landed on the torrid picture she was emanating. He was all smile and remained a gentleman. I could tell he was very impressed.
The way she leaned on the bar, she was sideways to me, gracing me with the view of her plump butt sticking out in the air. And how she leaned on the counter, with her arms crossed under her breasts, I assumed the barman must be struggling to keep eye contact, and not look directly into the massive bulge of tit flesh coming out of her cleavage in front of him.
They exchanged a few words, made hand gestures, got closer to each other to make themselves heard over the music, and laughed. I hoped he was flirting a little and complimented her, giving her a little boost of confidence in case she was not exactly at ease with how she looked. The whole point of this was to let her show off, so we could all admire and indulge on the torrid vision.
The barman handed her the drinks. She smiled, paid him a huge tip, and she left, coming back to our table. The full close-up view of Isabelle's cleavage was about to be all mine, soon and I swear to God, my penis was about to blow.
She gently dropped the martinis on the table and looked at me, smiling. Her whole face was red. I could sense fire in her eyes, a primal hunger. She was licking her lips again, still looking at my groin.
'Are you happy? Everyone is looking at me, Eric.' she said. 'Everyone is looking at my big melons, because you wanted me to show them off by removing almost all of my clothes.'
'Well, not all of them.' I replied. 'You decided to take off your white tank in the first place. I only followed suit with asking you to remove the bikini. I thought it'd be fun...'
From where she was, she could see exactly who was still looking. And she let them look. She was just standing there, being everyone's desire.
'I bet I'm making every guy in the restaurant hard in their pants... and probably a few girls jealous, too... Fuck, I'm so wet, just thinking about it, and my nipples hurt from how much they're distended.'
She crossed her knees and ran her fingers along her sides.
'So...Are my big titties making you hard, Eric?'
'Please, darling, come and check for yourself.' I said, patting the seat next to me.
Isabelle obliged and fished my cock out of my pants instantly.
'Oooooooh...' I moaned. Finally!
It came out with a twang from being so hard: it splattered goo all over the table.
'Ahhh, yes. Well, we could say it's mission accomplished... Wow, look at that monster, all engorged and loaded.'
'Mmmmm, Isabelle. Come here. I want to see something.'
She put down her arm and let me examine her. I fiddled with the hem of her shirt and peeked in to see how far her nipples were. And I was right: they were right on the edge, about to come out. Mmmmmmmm I loved that she took the risk of having her thick nipples exposed, especially with the way she walked and made her tits bounce. They could have popped out any time.
'Look Isabelle, your big puffy nipples could have come out any time. But right now, they're just poking through your shirt. You're so goddamn sexy.'
'Yesss, I know. I want to be daring for you. I want to look hot and desirable for you.'
I moved my arm back and turned around a little. She put back her hand on my cock and played with it gently, spreading my precum all over it. I was starting to moan and I just stared at her big tits, who were still somewhat covered, confined in her shirt.
'You know, Isabelle, I really loved having sex with you last time. Right now, I just wish we could go in my car, and... take care of a few things in my backseat. But we just sat down with a second drink, relaxing, taking our time and I have to tell you something...There's... one thing that I think I love a little more than fucking, and that's the... endless teasing. The build-up, the edging...the... arousal! The way you turn me on madly, like you do right now. I think I could just do that all day. It feels so goooood..'
'Oh Eric. It's what I love best, too.' she said, breathing in my ears. 'You know, it's too bad that my... attributes aren't as easy to tickle like I do with your cock right now. It's just a little out of reach and I really wish you could feel my pussy right now mmmmmmh...'
'Mmm I know, your sweet pussy's out of my reach. It's a little risky to even think about removing pants here in a restaurant...'
But her tits were sufficiently within reach...I just got an idea. It was time for a new little experiment.
'I have a question. Are your nipples sensitive?'
'Very...'
I opened one side of her shirt and revealed her right breast. She looked down, and her mouth gaped open.
'Did you...ever have an orgasm from nipple play only?'
'...I...I don't know.'
I took an ice cube from my drink, and sucked it, tasting the martini. I went to rub the ice onto her exposed nipple, and she looked at me with a slight panic in her face. But she didn't move or tell me to stop, though I felt her trembling a little against me. She trusted me, she let me do it. She was still rubbing away on my shaft, gently, and she suddenly stopped when the ice finally touched her.
I first rubbed it around her areola. She closed her eyes, and sucked in her breath through her teeth. The cube slipped along her hot skin slowly, leaving a little trickle of water behind. I kept going in circles and, from this close, I could see the skin of her nipple puffing up. Lost in her thoughts, she looked down confusedly at my hand. She was now beating my cock irregularly, distractedly. I loved that it was throwing her off guard.
'Isabelle, do you love it when your nipple goes from cold...'
I withdrew the icecube and moved my head closer.
'...to hot?'
Then I wrapped her stiff nipple with my hot mouth, and she sighed out in relief.
'Ooooooh, my god, Eric. This feels so good. My panties are completely drenched, you're turning me on so much. Mmmmmmmh'
I went on for a little longer, enough to warm up her skin again.
'You're doing great. Here, have a little break.' I said.
Then I opened up the other front part of her shirt.
'Have a sip of your drink, and give these big fucking tits some fresh air, darling. I'm gonna do the same with your other nipple. Mmmm look at you...'
'Wow, what the fuck. I feel so slutty.' she retorted. 'I wanna be fucking dirty for you, you pervert. Ahahah! You're unbelievable.'
She sat there for a second, looking at her exposed tits, assimilating the fact that they were now blatantly showing in a public place.
With her hand still glued to my dick, she took a big gulp on her drink.
'I can't take much more of this.' she said. 'I'm gonna need you soon to fuck my brains out.'
'Shhh, I know, me neither. I'm just about to lose my goddamn mind. What I really want to do first is to put my cock between your big melons. Holy shit...'
As I was saying that, I took another ice cube and reached for her other nipple. She saw me coming and hung on for the surprise. She whimpered at its touch and seemed even more turned on about it. She couldn't stay in place anymore, she was almost dancing back and forth in her seat. Her thighs were so tight together and I could imagine her pussy dripping profusely in her underwear.
As I rubbed the piece of ice on her left nipple, I had the other nipple in my face already. It was natural and just started sucking it again after I rubbed it a little bit with the ice cube. My tongue flicked it up and down, messing up with her nerves. She rolled her eyes and got very agitated in her seat.
'What's the matter?' I said, between mouthfuls. 'Are you gonna cum?'
Her staggered breathing was all she could use for an answer. Deciding to multitask, she took the matters in her own hands and spread her legs, slammed her other hand into her pants to rub her clit, while her other hand still worked furiously on my shaft.
'Are you gonna cum for me?' I repeated.
'Oh fuck...' she whispered, but I knew she wanted to scream.
Every one of her erogenous zones was being solicited right now, apparently working her towards an imminent orgasm. I still had my ice cube rubbing her nipple, flicking it up and down. It was almost an inch long, it felt like I was turning on a light switch. It melted so fast on her hot skin, cold water was running all the way down to my elbow. Her other thick nipple was just succulent in my mouth and I could feel it all soft and erect against my tongue the whole time. And as for her hand, I could only imagine the mess she was working with: her pussy must be gushing like a ripe fruit. She was just thrashing around right now, possessed, on the brink of releasing an immense wave of bliss. The fruit of our labor after the whole evening, the result of our neverending teasing...
'Holy f...' she said, without finishing her sentence.
She squinted her eyes, suddenly curled up in a ball and tensed up all her muscles. Her knees bucked and banged underneath the table, threatening to spill our drinks. And she almost banged her head on the table at the same time. I suddenly felt helpless. She had let go of my dick, which had just released a white discharge all over my shorts... It looked like I just had some kind of mini orgasm, and that I was still hard as steel.
I was observing her go through this intense orgasm by herself and I was so impressed. It looked powerful, unprecedented. I could still watch her big tits bounce around as she was getting washed over with non-stop tremors. She was cumming hard, and I assumed she tried her best to be as silent as possible. She still jerked and spazzed out for a good 30 seconds. I kinda hoped that she was going to leave some pleasure for me, that we could prolong the fun a little bit and... fuck accordingly somewhere else. I wanted to feel her pussy around my dick, this time, as I didn't have a chance to try last time in the mechanical room. And I had a feeling that she was ready, that she was still willing for another go.
With her orgasm finally subsided, I looked around, and made sure nobody noticed too much. I think she remained quiet enough. She finally sat back up against her seat. Her jugs were still all hanging out of her shirt. I couldn't resist cupping and wobbling them again. Goddammit! they felt amazing! Her nipples were still stiff in my palm. She looked a little groggy, and smiled on, content, indulging in my renewed caresses. She downed the rest of her drink, eyes half-shut.
'Mmmmh, I can't get enough of your hands on my tits, Eric. That's what I want to do all day at the office.'
'Nah, you're just saying that because you just blew up in an intense orgasm, my dear. It's just the booze talking. Ahah!'
'No..! Ahahah! It's not truuue, I'm not drunk, you're drunk and... Oh...Oh, my. You're still hard, look at that.'
'Well... Yes, and insanely horny.'
She smacked her lips again, staring at my wet, turgescent cock with a fierce appetite, like a 4 year old would for a huge lollipop.
Suddenly, she fished out some cash from out of her purse, enough to cover the bill, and slammed it against the table. Then, without even covering up, she fucking stood up! She got out of the booth, just like that, tits bare naked and put them all out there in front of the whole dining room. Holy shit... Was anyone going to see this time? Surely! With what she did earlier, I assumed that they were all going to check back and see what's up with this half-naked chick walking in the restaurant. I checked around the room again, but my eyes quickly returned to Isabelle moving around in swift movements, making her huge rack bounce tauntingly, driving me crazy. She was exceeding my wildest fantasies, doing stuff I never thought she'd do. I was flabbergasted, beyond shocked, but at the same time, I was just about to fuck her from behind, right here on the table...
She grabbed my hand quickly, and without even letting me put my dick back in, dragged me out the restaurant through the back door.
'You - me - your backseat - right now!' she laughed as we ran out.