If you've read my other stories, you'll know how open minded my girlfriend Becky and I are. I'm a voyeur and she's an exhibitionist. We naturally compliment each other. We met at nineteen and this is another time we had fun in the early years of our relationship before we married.
After Becky confessed to being curious about dogging, we looked into it, researching and watching dogging porn together, but we didn't actually fool around with anyone for another two years, because the spontaneous opportunities simply didn't arise like the first three times did.
We were twenty-five when I suggested we take the plunge and try dogging. Becky had already arranged to join a few work colleagues for a drink, one Friday night. My plan was to pick her up at the end of her evening and take a detour on the way back home, which would take us past a location we found during our research.
Becky was all giggles, telling me she'd think about it. I could tell she was aroused. We fucked like crazy in the days leading up to that Friday, imagining what it would be like. As in the videos we'd watched, my girlfriend imagined herself sucking off a small group of strangers while they groped her sexy body, and so did I.
Becky is 5'7" and curvaceous with pretty facial features, long, brown hair, brown eyes, a lovely, slender figure and a cracking pair of DD tits. On the night she wore a black, sculptured, halter, mini dress which clung to her magnificent curves. Her hair was curled at the ends and her subtle make-up looked classy and sexy.
After dropping my girlfriend off in town, I drove home and waited until it was time to pick her up. Four hours passed by with me gorging on dogging porn. I read through the forums and advice, fighting off the urge to take my cock out and have a cheeky stroke.
My excitement, nervousness and arousal were sky high. The anticipation was even worse. Becky hadn't agreed to do it yet, but I knew she would. At 11pm she texted me asking if I was ready to pick her up and take her dogging. I grinned at the words on my phone while my heart began to race.
Becky was stood outside the bar with her friends when I pulled up beside them. The women said their goodbyes and walked off together, leaving my girlfriend to get in. If only they knew where I was taking her, I chuckled to myself.
"What's so funny?" Becky smirked, climbing in.
The short, black dress rose up her legs, flashing her arse to a group of men smoking outside the bar. They cheered childishly and Becky gave them the middle finger, laughing.
"Are you ready for this?" I asked, pulling off.
She put a hand between my legs and rubbed my crotch area. "Yeah, and so are you," she said seductively, licking her top lip.
"How much have you had to drink?" I wondered, smiling at the road ahead.
"Enough to give me the courage I need for tonight, but not too much that I don't know what I'm doing," she giggled, rubbing my bulge while I drove us in the direction we needed to go.
Within fifteen minutes we were out of the urban areas, driving along a dark, windy road in between farmland. Another fifteen minutes later, and we were anxiously pulling into a sizeable lay-by, concealed from the road by large trees and bushes.
"How many cars can you see? I count two without any lights on," I said, peering at the two vehicles.
"Yeah, each with a guy behind the wheel," Becky replied.
I drove very slowly past the two parked cars and parked on the opposite side. I too only saw a single guy in each vehicle, but it was too dark to get a good look at the men. I began to lean more towards fear than excitement.
"What do we do now?" Becky giggled excitedly, looking at the two cars through the wing mirror.
"Are you sure about this, babe?" I breathed heavily, trying to slow my heart rate down. I was getting horror movie vibes.
"Don't chicken out on me know, Joe. I've been looking forward to this all night." Becky smiled, turning to face me.
As she fumbled for my belt, I helped get my jeans and boxers down. My hard cock sprang free. Becky took hold of it and buried her head in my lap.
"Ohh, god, yes," I gasped, feeling the wet warmth of my girlfriend's mouth around my cock for the next few minutes. The blowjob temporarily masked my fears.
I eventually turned the interior light on. Becky groaned, taking my cock deep down her throat. She knew I'd just signalled that we wanted to be watched. My heart skipped a few beats when I heard two car doors open and close, but the adrenaline rush was too intense to back out now.
I'm not going to lie; I almost shit myself when two strange men peered through the passenger window to get a good look at us. They looked old enough to be our dad's. I didn't know where to look, as Becky massaged my balls and gobbled my cock whole.
I closed my eyes, knowing the car was locked. I had to trust these men. When I opened my eyes a few moments later, they were still watching us. Becky took me to the edge of orgasm with her mouth and tongue before sitting up to breathe again.
"Are they watching us?" she giggled nervously.
"Turn around and find out," I chuckled, with my cock rock hard, covered in her saliva.
Becky sat back in the passenger seat with a wicked grin, slowly turning her head to look out the window. "Oh my god!" she laughed, slightly embarrassed but mostly excited. I could see it on her face.
"I think they'd like to see your tits, babe," I chuckled again.
She snapped her head back to me. "Bring the window down," she smirked, her tone was a daring one.
"Yeah?" I raised my eyebrows, smiling. "You wanna let them touch you?" My insides felt like they were about to explode. My blood pressure was off the charts.
Becky nodded, causing more pre-cum to seep from the tip of my cock and trickle down the shaft. "Can I suck them off? she asked in a playful tone, rolling her lips in anticipation.
As soon as I brought the window down, one of the men lowered himself to speak to us. He looked late forties, early fifties with a weathered face, dark bushy hair and thick stubble.
"Good evening," he grinned at me. "Are we allowed to touch the lovely lady?" he asked politely, winking at Becky. The other guy came closer but didn't reveal his face.
"It's up to my boyfriend," she laughed, clearly embarrassed.
"Just be gentle with her," I nodded, looking across at the man.
"Mmm, I'm always gentle with the ladies, until they tell me otherwise. That's a lovely dress you're wearing, sweetie, and I'm loving what's inside it." We obviously didn't exchange names, so I named him Bobby and the other guy Mike.
Bobby's breathing reeked of lust as he brought a big hand inside the car and grabbed my girlfriend's big tits through her dress. He groaned as Mike nudged him over slightly to join in. Becky gasped and giggled as two strangers had an arm inside my car, groping her like wild octopuses.
"Ohh, lovely tits," Mike responded hoarsely.
"Perfect tits, I'd say," Bobby said, weighing a large, soft tit in his hand. "Nice and heavy. Mmm."
"Uhh!" A loud sigh escaped Becky's quivering lips when the men really started groping her tits through the dress, rubbing and tweaking her nipples as they protruded through the fabric.
"Mmm, you like that, hey, sweetie," Bobby groaned. "Let's set them free, shall we."
He reached behind her neck and pulled the halter bow until it was undone, then him and Mike pulled the dress down, exposing my girlfriend's big, juicy, ripe melons inside the car. Becky gasped, looking down at her chest as she pinned herself back in the seat.
With unrestricted access to my girlfriend's flesh, Bobby and Mike went to town on her naked tits and bare thighs. They smoothed inside her legs, pushing the hem of the dress up, feeling her pussy through her knickers, and played a little rougher up top, tweaking her erect nipples, driving Becky crazy with lust.
"How far do you guys play?" Mike wondered, finally showing his face. He looked roughly the same age as Bobby with a trimmed beard and dark hair.
"It's up to the lady," I nodded at Becky, too nervous to take the lead this time. It had to be her decision. She didn't respond, causing the tension to build while the men continued to play with her body.
"Do you want something to play with, sweetie?" Bobby asked, jumping ahead.
"I think I'd like to get out of the car," she giggled, glancing at me.
Bobby and Mike stepped back and Becky opened the door to get out. My heart was raging inside my chest and my balls were about to burst. This felt far more dangerous and exciting than anything we'd done before.
As soon as Becky stepped out of the car, Bobby and Mike were all over my horny girlfriend. I frantically fixed my pants and threw open my door, rushing round to her side. Within seconds Becky was against the side of the car with her dress around her waist.
"Ok?" I nodded at her. My anxiety was beginning to creep up, watching two strangers take control of my girlfriend.
Becky grinned mischievously. "Yeah," she replied. "I'm more than ok."
"We got a wild one!" Bobby chuckled.
"Wild and hot!" Mike laughed.
"Let's get you warmed up for some dogging action," Bobby grinned at Becky.
While he groped my girlfriend's tits and sucked on her nipples, Mike slipped and hand down the front of her knickers and started rubbing her cunt and clit. Becky melted under their touch, groaning like a whore.
After a few minutes, we could all see how worked up she was, gagging for an orgasm. Bobby suggested they get her on the bonnet of the car. Surely not, I thought, as I moved out of their way. They were. These two older men were going to fuck my girlfriend on the bonnet of my own car.
"Mmm, let's get you comfortable, sweetie," Bobby groaned.
"I can't wait to taste your pussy, beautiful," Mike added.
The pair lifted Becky up and sat her on the front of the car. She giggled and commented on how warm it was, absorbing the heat from the engine. They gently pushed her back and Mike got his wish. He closed Becky's legs and pulled her knickers down, exposing her clean-shaven cunt.
"You won't be needing these for a while," he chuckled.
"They weren't covering much anyway," Becky laughed shamelessly in my direction.
No matter how many times I watched another man or men handle my girlfriend, it always felt like the first time. The doubt and angst were always there. Are we doing the right thing? Also, the jealousy mixed in with a huge pouring of excitement. It was like drinking an intoxicating cocktail you know you shouldn't, but one you know you'll regret if you don't.
All the men I shared Becky with didn't respect or love her like I did. How could they? She was a hot piece of ass, excited to get fucked and used in front of her willing cuck-boyfriend. Every time we did it, I had to suck up the shame and accept my beta position. I wanted it, needed it, like a drug.
"God, I love these big tits," Bobby let out, wobbling them around with his hands.
While he feasted on my girlfriend's flesh, Mike prized her smooth, slender legs apart and feasted his eyes on her juicy cunt, ready to be touched, licked, probed and fucked by two strangers we'd just met in a deserted car park. He licked his lips in anticipation. I unzipped my pants and freed my aching cock.
"Uhhhhhh... Fuck... Uhhhhhh..." Becky suddenly moaned out loud, lying back on the bonnet, surrendering her body to them. Not that she put up a fight in the first place.
As I slowly stroked my cock, I watched and listened as two strangers slurped away on my girlfriend's delicious body. One enjoying her tits, the other eating between her spread legs as if it were his last meal.
Becky writhed on the car, gasping and moaning, loving it. Just like the times in the field and on the beach, I couldn't help keeping an eye out. This was a dogging spot after all, random people were expected to come here looking for sex.
Having two men simultaneously pleasuring her most sensitive erogenous zones had Becky exhaling throaty groans and pants. She climaxed right in front of me on the bonnet of my car, engraining the image in my mind forever.
"Oh, fuck! She's gushing! Mmm!" Mike triumphed, kissing Becky's bald pussy and inside her shaking thighs until her orgasm subsided.
"Let's get you on the ground, sexy," Bobby urged, helping Becky squat down in front of the car.
She looked like the slut she was. Dress bunched around her waist, no knickers, no bra, a naughty grin on her face, lusty anticipation in her eyes, waiting for two strangers to unbuckle their belts and unzip their pants.
"Come here and suck my cock, sweetie." Bobby was first to whip out his meat. It was a decent size. It didn't look huge, but I could tell he was a bit longer and thicker than me. He put his hand behind Becky's head and guided his glistening dome to her parting lips. Ohhhhhh, fuck, that's it, suck it."
She opened her mouth and took him inside, sucking hungrily, moaning around another man's length. Mike stepped closer with his thick cock. Becky wasted no time in curling her hand around it.
I was now centre stage, watching my girlfriend squatted in front of two older men, moving her head back and forth, swapping her hands over to suck one and stroke the other, giving them equal pleasure, showing off her oral skills.
"Ohhhh, fuck, man. You're a lucky fucker getting regular blowjobs like this." Bobby groaned, looking down at Becky. I knew he was talking to me.
"Great set of tits!" Mike gasped, groping them while Becky chocked on his length.
"Are you ready to get fucked, sweetie?" Bobby asked, rhetorically. He grabbed the sides of Becky's head and face fucked her for a few seconds.
She gagged and Bobby pulled back, apologising for getting carried away. The three of them laughed, seemingly having forgotten about me. I didn't mind. I was gripped by the seediness on show, as gripped as my hand was around my cock, stroking and leaking pre-cum from my extremely sensitive tip.
"Do me over the bonnet," Becky told them, bending over the front of the car, pushing her arse out.
Bobby chuckled and spanked her pale white buttocks. "Are you a slut, sweetie, or do you just want us to fuck you like one?"
"Fuck me like a slut!" Becky exclaimed.
I was stood behind them now, facing the car while they all turned their backs on me. Bobby was going first. He shuffled closer, spreading one of Becky's cheeks as he aimed his cock where it needed to go.
"Keep an eye out for any police cars while we fuck your woman," he said to me. His tone wasn't very nice, but then he didn't know me, and he was horny as could be, about to fuck my slutty girlfriend in a doggers haunt.
"Ohhhh!" Becky suddenly screamed, shunting up the bonnet. Her tits pressed and rubbed across the metal surface. "Uhhh! Fuck! Yes! Fuck me!"
Mike laughed at her wantonness while Bobby grabbed her hips and promised to fuck her hard. He also promised to fill her cunt with cum as he plunged every inch he had deep inside her. I knew she was stretched by the gasping noises she was making.
"Oh fuck! She's tight!" Bobby roared, slamming his cock in and out.
The wetter she got the more we could hear the pounding her pussy was taking. Bobby's balls were slapping against her arse with each hard, deep thrust. When Becky climaxed, he told her how hot she was then pulled out as soon as her ecstasy tailored off.
He didn't cum and Mike took his turn, straight in there with his slightly shorter, fat cock. Becky had no time to gather herself. He pushed past her swollen lips and deep inside her cunt with one hard thrust. I remained there, irrelevant, stroking my shaft.
After a few minutes, with no sign of Becky reaching another orgasm, Mike pulled my girlfriend off the car and had her bend at the waist to take Bobby's cock in her mouth again.
The new position soon did the trick. With a cock shoved down her throat, another cock fucking her pussy hard from behind, I watched my girlfriend reach her third climax of the night. She looked so hot getting spit-roasted like a rag doll by two strangers. Her big tits swinging all over the place.
Bobby and Mike swapped positions once more, while Becky looked spaced out trying to catch her breath. But before she could catch a break, her holes were stuffed at both ends again. Mike pumped her face fast and Bobby smashed her pussy hard.
I then experienced the fright of my life. Two shadowy figures appeared around a metre away from me. One looked old and very much like a farmer, the other looked much younger but similar in appearance.
"Is she with you?" the older man asked curiously.
"Yeah, but where did you pair just come from?" I stepped away, slipping my cock inside my pants. I didn't know what to do about the situation.
"I own the fields around here. Is she your wife, girlfriend... mistress?" he chuckled.
"Girlfriend," I muttered anxiously.
"I've not seen you here before. We like fresh meat, don't we, boy?" he chuckled once more, nudging the excited young man.
"She's so hot," the lad replied, his eyes fixed on the slut in heels with her dress around her waist.
Bobby had Becky bent over the bonnet again, giving it to her as hard as he could while Mike waited his turn. As my girlfriend got used over my car, I learned the old man was a local farmer, and the young man beside him was his nephew. They frequented the dogging spot and were even familiar with the other two.
Then Bobby grunted that he was going to cum. We all stopped and stared as he buried his cock inside Becky and began to pump her cunt and womb with sperm, just like he told he would. Becky lay on the car, gasping for air, taking it while Mike got ready and two fresh faces unzipped their pants.
"Is she up for taking us all?" the farmer asked, walking with his nephew towards the car, taking out their cocks.
"I... um..." I stuttered, wondering who if anyone was in control of the situation. I was out my depth, big time.
Once Bobby removed himself, he zipped up and Mike quickly got in there, telling Becky to hold still. My girlfriend complied, breathing heavily as she looked over her shoulder at me. We caught a brief glimpse of each other. She noticed the additional two men and then gasped as Mike thrust his cock into her.
"Stand up so I can hold those big titties!" Mike demanded, reaching round the front of her body.
He grabbed and squeezed Becky's flesh while he rutted away, fucking her cum filled pussy hard and fast until he added his load to the mix. My girlfriend now had the seed of two men inside her cunt, with two more hoping for a ride.
"Hold on a second," I called out as the farmer quickly got behind Becky, hardly giving Mike a chance to get out of the way.
"It's ok, Joe, they can all have me," my girlfriend breathed.
The group of men chuckled at my expense as Bobby and Mike lit cigarettes and hung around to watch.
"She's safe, Joe," Bobby patted my back. "If she says stop, we'll stop. It's just a bit of adult fun. It's what you want, isn't it?"
I nodded meekly as the farmer took up his position, he pushed down hard on the back of Becky's head and thrust his old length into her. She groaned again and again, taking her third cock of the night, climaxing noisily in the pitch-black lay-by.
"Damn, girl! You love it, don't you?" the farmer said, fucking her like she meant nothing. "Who wants to bet me that I'm the one who knocks her up?" he then chuckled to his nephew, Bobby and Mike, while I stood helplessly.
"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Becky cried out, riding her orgasm. "Keep going!"
"Don't worry, we won't stop until we've all fucked you! Uhhhh! Are you ready for my load, girl?" The farmer didn't wait for a reply, he drove his cock in and out like a piston, firing cum into my girlfriend each time he thrust forwards.
As soon as he finished, he pulled out, leaving her shaking in the aftermath of her orgasm. Sperm dripped from her swollen cunt onto the floor, some of it ran down the inside of her leg. My girlfriend was a right mess.
"You're turn, boy. Don't be shy, give her what she came here for." The farmer told his nephew.
Despite how hard my cock was inside my pants, I wanted to stop everything, at least pause it to check on Becky, but she was urging the youngest of the group to mount her as he stepped up to take over from his uncle. He put the head of his cock between her lips and his hands on her hips.
"Yes!" Becky exclaimed, then he rammed his length deep inside her cunt. It squelched and sucked him in, effortlessly.
"Ohhhhh, fuck! She's like a bucket!" the young man groaned.
Bobby, Mike and the farmer laughed, watching the lads tensed butt cheeks urgently moving back and forth.
"That's it, boy! Give it to her! Give her your fertile seed!"
"Ohhh, fuck, I'm gonna cum!" he panted so soon. "Quick! Get down so I can cum in your mouth!"
I froze for a moment, unsure if I should do or say something, but as he pulled out, Becky squatted down and held her tits up, mouth wide open, following the young man's orders.
"Oh, fuck! Here it comes!" he quivered stroking his cock aimlessly.
As his sperm began to erupt all over her face and tits, I lost control and joined in. I took my cock out and stroked it furiously. The group cheered while me and this lad covered my girlfriend in cum. She then took hold of our shafts, jerking and sucking the dregs from our balls.
The group thanked us and said they hoped to see us again, then Bobby and Mike got in their cars and left, and the farmer and his nephew walked off into the dark, leaving me dazed, confused and satisfied, and Becky in a right state.
Thankfully, I had some gym clothes in the boot of the car. I gave her a towel to wipe herself clean with, then she fixed her dress, and we went home. Her cunt was so battered. Red and swollen, leaking cum onto the towel she sat on.
"We can't do that again," I told her. "I couldn't protect you if thugs turned sour."
"I know," she agreed. "Do you regret it though?" Becky was smiling with that sexy post sex glow of hers.
"No, I don't. Do you?" I already knew the answer.
"I'm sore, but I felt I could have taken more men. I'd do it again, like, if we arranged it."
"Like a swingers gang bang?" I was stunned.
"Yeah, I love knowing you're there watching me. It makes me feel safe."
"Let tonight sink in first, yeah?" I couldn't believe how insatiable my girlfriend was.
"I'm not saying let's do it right away," Becky giggled. "I'm just saying I'd do it again if you wanted me to."
Holy fuck... what did I have on my hands? The perfect girlfriend? A future wife? Or something else?