By now, I had been working as a maid in a hotel for a few weeks. It was an LGBTQ friendly place and so I got to wear my French Maid's outfit while working. I loved walking around being seen dressed as a girl and not just dressed as a girl but wearing a sexy maids outfit. I knew that my suspender straps showed and I loved to show glimpses of my panties. The pay was good but the fringe benefits were even better as you will see. I described my first day working there in 'Sarah Asked to Work as a Hotel Maid'.
Each time I worked my list of rooms to service seemed to be getting longer. It meant more pay and lots of fringe benefits. I think my special approach to 'room service' was getting around. I loved it and got so excited even before I got to work.
I started by getting changed. I emptied out my clothes and then stripped. I stood there naked actually hoping that someone would come in and see me. There was one changing room for men and women. First, I pulled on my black stockings and clipped my suspender belt around my waist. I still got excited just standing there; I had trouble with the clasps. Then the black ruffled panties and padded lace bra. By now my cock was sticking straight out making a tent in my panties. I looked at myself in the mirror as always hoping that someone would come in and catch me in just my lingerie.
Finally, I slipped into my black satin dress. The dress was so short my panties showed if I bent forward at all. I loved the feel of the dress against my skin and the white petticoats made it poof out. It would russel as I walked around. My shoes had 2-inch heels. They were semi-sensible for working in while still being sexy. I was shaking so much I could hardly do my make-up. I brushed my hair into my best girly style.
I went back to the manager and got my list of rooms to service. As always, he patted my butt and wished me a good day. I collected my service cart and headed to my first room. I knocked and immediately opened the door. I always hope to catch someone unawares. This time, there was a young couple sitting at the table. They were both wearing hotel dressing-gowns. I had seen them on my first day working there. They clearly remembered me and smiled. I began to wonder if they had deliberately asked for me.
I offered to come back later but she told me to continue as if they weren't there. I started with the bed. I knew that when I bent over my black ruffled panties, suspender belt straps with black stockings were clearly visible. I glanced over at them and they were staring at me. I gave them a smile and leaned further over the bed. I managed to lift my shoulders a little, putting my panties in full view.
I heard someone get up. It was the guy. He came towards me and sat on the bed. There was a wonderful tent in the front of his dressing-gown. She told me to make him happy and then I would get a surprise. By now, my own cock was hard. I could feel my panties against it as I moved around the room.
I slipped my hand inside his dressing-gown and touched his erection. I ran my fingers up-and-down his shaft, tickled his balls and stroked his pubic hair. He was clearly enjoying my attention to his erection. I took his cock out and smiled up into his eyes and then over at her. She was watching everything I was doing to him. I could tell she was excited too.
I leaned forward, kissed the head of his cock and slowly slid my lips around it. She came over and knelt beside me and watched me suck her boyfriend's cock. I cupped his balls with one hand and held the base with my other hand. My hand moved up-and-down his shaft to follow my lips. I felt her hands touching me. She slid her hand under my dress and ran her fingers through my ruffled panties. When she touched my cock through my sissy panties, I almost came but I concentrated on sucking him. I loved knowing that she could see his cock in my mouth. My lips wrapped around it while I masturbated him.
Glancing at her, I was surprised to see a tent in the front of her dressing-gown. I had been right; she was a he too. It meant that this would be really fun. Fringe benefits with two cocks to play with. She took my hand from his balls and slid it insider her dressing-gown. I could feel a lovely hard cock. I squeezed her while I continued to please him. He was clearly getting close and when he came, he filled my mouth with his wonderful cum.
I turned and looked at her. I opened my mouth so that she could see his cum on my tongue. She bent forward and gave me a deep French kiss tasting his cum in my mouth. I was so excited I nearly came. Kissing a girl/guy with a man's cum on my lips.
She told me to lift up my dress and they both stroked my panties. Having two pairs of hand touching me was wonderful. She slipped her fingers inside my panties from the side and stroked my cock. He just stroked my butt and felt my ruffles.
She opened up her dressing-gown and pushed my head down onto her cock. I did to her what I had just done to him. She really looked like a girl. I felt her small breasts and played with the nipples. She groaned and pushed my head deep down onto her cock. My lips were pressed into her pubic hair.
She was so excited; it didn't take her long to cum. After she came, I gave him a French kiss knowing that he could taste both his own cum and hers in my mouth. Our tongues rubbed together mixing the cum. It made me so excited. My panties did nothing to cover my cock.
She told me to take off my panties. As I did, my cock stood out right into her face. She lifted my dress and gave me wonderful head. She did to me what I had just done to them. She went really deep on me and only pulled back at the last minute to get some cum in her mouth. When I came, she gave him a deep French kiss to give him a taste of my cum. I finished the room and went on to my next adventure. I was better off due to a nice tip and nicely satisfied from the whole experience.
When my shift ended, I went back to the changing room. A real maid was there and she smiled at me. She asked if I enjoyed working at the hotel. I said that I loved it, it made me blush knowing that she guessed what I had been doing. My hair was messed-up and my dress was untidy.
I looked around nervously but she said, "Don't worry, just get changed. I don't mind." I smiled and stripped off. Standing there naked in front of her, she had a clear view of my limp cock. She watched me pack up my uniform. She just stood there looking at my cock and chucked.
While I got dressed, she gave me a very mischievous look. Even as a guy, I wear girls panties and jeans. Knowing that she saw me slip on lacy yellow panties with bows on the sides made me excited again. Maybe, next time we could service one of the big suites together. Two maids are assigned to clean two bedrooms, a bathroom and a sitting area.