Mrs Reilly's Victorian-era house was considered one of the finest in Brewer: made of Kasota, the premier building stone of Minnesota, it featured colonial revival lines with an off-centre tower and Tudor arches.
The attendance at the widow's afternoon tea was big, fully 30 or so ladies, all divorced or widowed Moms. And all so very well-dressed, in their wide floral skirts, short-sleeved knit tops, pinched waistlines with the accented hips and busts of currently fashionable styles, most with gloves, some hats. All were there to see the historic home. But they were there to share information as well. On a subject that made some of them tremble. Made some dampen, in their panties.
It was an exciting subject.
One clue lay in Mrs Reilly's verdurous garden. Sheltered behind ivy clad fences, two 18 year old males worked at clipping and mowing. But...hey! What a contrast with the delightfully dressed ladies inside! They were in their birthday suits, one hundred percent stripped off! Stark naked! Bare as boards!
One was red headed and freckled- freckled all over, red haired, right down to the burst in his groin- the other was mahogany, a Negro boy, grizzled in his groin. As they worked they nervously looked over their shoulders and their private parts flopped, stretched, shrunk again, then reinflated. They were excited by their nudity, and shamed.
But it was all their fault. Picked up for drunkenness, or bad driving, boys in Brewer might be delivered by Sergeant Malone to Mrs Rilley's household and ordered to work off their offences under her command. "Keep the lady happy, and this will go no further," was the police command. "Not even your folks will know."
Her orders about clothing, or rather the lack of it, brooked no disagreement. She stood before them, arms outstretched for clothes. Sorry, that's all of them, all your clothes. That's right, everything, thank you. She watched eagle-eyed as the underwear slithered down and was handed over by the blushing boys quickly manoeuvring to cup their genitals.
Closer to the house another young athlete, naked as the day that he was born, swept leaves from the tiled borders of Mrs Reilly's pool. He was heavily muscled, a body builder, with a blond crew cut. He might be viewed from the windows of her upper stories. Something made his bulky circumcised penis swell; maybe the excitement of being glimpsed- he had caught views through the shrubs of the Moms arriving out front, skirts billowing. Some he knew as neighbours.
And in Mrs Reilly's driveway two tall, slender boys scrubbed her 1950 Pontiac Chieftain. Yes, they too were arrestingly nude, top to toe. They both had swept back, ducks-tail, Elvis hair styles. And somehow the oiled, shaped hair made them seem even more blazingly bare. More buck-naked. Any lady peering from the living room would have seen their cleft buttocks and their half-erect cocks: one with a tapering foreskin, a long overhang, and the other shorter and wrinkled but connected to fat, low-hanging testicles.
As they hosed down the bonnet and polished the windows, the boys could hear the ladies talk, smell the wafting smoke of their cigarettes through the fly-screens of the windows, hear the clink of their iced tea. The fellas shuddered, cocks poking parallel to the ground.
In the house a painting which hung above the marble fireplace also gave a clue to the theme of the meeting of Moms. It was a a flamboyant painting of the goddess Venus. She was pulling over her knee her son Cupid, a somewhat mature Cupid, decisively uncircumcised. A few Moms were beginning to feel an affinity with the Roman goddess of love and beauty. A beautiful Venus, able to spank a wilful male child, with his buttocks offered like a sacrifice on her knees.
They were ready to embrace this role, some already had.
They had been invited by Mrs O'Reilly to share information on new approaches to discipline of teenage sons. America was obsessed with juvenile delinquents, the menace of rock and roll, sex in the backs of cars, falling church attendance and rising divorce rates. Moms had been divorced, others widowed or just abandoned. All had sons 18 or older. All found the subject of discipline a tantalising one.
Discipline in the nude, was the essence of the new approach. This enthusiasm had been set off by the daring production at Grover Cleveland High with 18 year old boys romping around with only a short, narrow flap hanging over their groins (usually flopping to left or right and exposing everything) and, now- her latest modification- nothing behind. Not even a narrow flap to cover their bottoms. Miss Cuff's musical on the theme of Cowgirls and Indian Braves was in permanent rehearsal and a lot of Brewer's females had seen some of it, or had sons model this flimsiest of costumes at home while twisting and shuffling with shame, in the living room in front of family and friends.
It was one simple, next step to punish boys in the nude. Thrillingly, all the Moms were experimenting with it, or preparing to.
In fact while two Negro maids served apple sponge and coffee cake, several ladies had competed to tell stories of full nude punishment. For example, Gloria Smyth told about her surly 19 year old freshman son, Gordon, with his lack of interest in sport or girls and his shockingly bad grades in his engineering course at St Paul Tech. His bad skin was another source of irritation; the acne and pimples hinted at secret masturbatory rites.
Her suspicions were confirmed when arriving home, on some mother's instinct, she had tip-toed along the corridor and without warning opened the door to his bedroom. Her son looked up, horrified, naked and "playing with himself." There was a page from The Star Tribune devoted to a lingerie advertisement spread over his bed: line drawings of willowy women in conical bras, lace-fringed panties, elaborate suspenders. He had just had his bath, obviously chosen to stay in the nude, assumed he was safe with his mother not coming home till late. A jar of Brylcreem sat on the bed, his right hand shone with its contents. So did his penis, sticking up hard from his groin. The glans gleamed. His responses were notoriously slow- his sister called him "Stupid"- and true to form, he was too shocked to cover up. He gaped up at his Mom. She looked into his lap.
In a righteous fury she had seized him by an ear and marched him out of his bedroom, his erection bouncing and pointing the way, right into their living room. She said that he was clearly ashamed at having his "little boy's things" glimpsed by his mother- his penis might have been five inches, though thickish. A carbon copy, as it happened of his Dad's. He begged to be spared being seen by his older sister. A somewhat cheeky girl, and good looking unlike her brother, she was expected home any moment from the typing pool.
His mother ignored this plea, told him to stick out his bottom. He hesitated, then obliged, poking back his skinny white buttocks in a coy gesture recalling a pin-up's pose. "More!" she instructed, and he thrust further back, looking now quite silly. She sensed her power and only just suppressed a smile. She looked at her naked son, his bottom stuck out, like a soubrette in a musical, fear and shame dancing in his eyes. Damn the little brat, she thought! She raised her hand...and struck hard.
To see him prance and pirouette, wailing and begging, as her spanks found their marks was more high comedy. She noticed that his erection quickly subsided as the pain intensified and she said she made it as painful as possible, reddening his bottom and thighs as he danced in a circle, uttering "Owww!" and "Ouch!" She quickly realised the fun of full nude punishment of an errant and something of the resentment of a divorced mother, abandoned by a womanising husband, fed her fury. Her son's crimson posterior, his flying penis, his juggling hairy scrotum seemed to indict him.
When she was exhausted she had made him stand in a corner, facing outwards, hands behind. Facing outward- he groaned at this order. But she not only ignored his protest, she went for the kill: she cruelly told him to keep his arms at his sides. She even used the age-old mothers' lie, "What? You think anyone's interested in looking at you?" As it happened, after a quarter of an hour, his sister had been delighted when she walked in the front door- and most assuredly was interested in looking at him. Very intently. Peering in at his groin real close. A budding young woman, confined all day in the typing pool, does not often get to see a stark naked college boy brother. With a red posterior to boot.
"But that's not the end of it, is it my dear?" asked Mrs Reilly, presiding at this gathering like a duchess, fingering her pearls. "You kept him in that state of undress all evening, I understand." And she looked around at her audience to make sure they absorbed this exemplary behaviour. Fingering her pearls, or faux pearls, as she presided.
Yes, Gloria had explained, naked all night, in front of them both. "And he became aroused during that experience?"
Oh yes, Gloria had confirmed with a smile, especially when they watched a fashion show. "It was so funny- to see him stiffening at the sight of glamorous models. Still, even then, we wouldn't let him cover up. He had to sit there knowing we could see everything."
Then there was the day Gloria had come home early- she now told this story- and there was Gordon stark naked in the living room, on the stool, with a hand on his erection moving up and down, looking doleful. His sister stood over him, with a cruel smile. She had apparently taken to ordering her brother to undress and "play with himself." Truth was, she was enchanted by the sight of him ejaculating. The grunting, the clenched eyes and, then, the explosion which might reach his face, his shoulder, his chest. He had resisted, complained, then obliged. Even...just possibly, had come to relish the submissiveness, the nudity under his sister's gaze. Apparently, as soon as he hauled his underwear down he was stubbornly stiff.
"Aw, Mom!" the girl insisted, "Gordon's like all of them. He's gonna do it but in secret, when he's under the blankets or in the bathroom. We should make him do it right in front of us so he doesn't resort to dirty pictures of women in their underwear. Or worse, do it with other boys. They get together in 'jerk off circles' and help one another!"
Gordon's look, sitting on the stool, confirmed that he was guilty as charged. His penis rose from his lap, entirely rigid. He did not try to shield it. He wore a hang dog look.
And so, this mother reported to her friends, she now insisted that every evening before he went to bed her son present himself in the living room and slip out of his boxer shorts and masturbate for her and his sister. Yes, it was tough discipline. But he had never been better behaved and his grades were improving. He had started to go to the Y and had enrolled in hockey. Recently he had asked a girl to the sock hop, a very plain girl as it happened. Even his skin had cleared up.
As for these living room exercises he was losing his shyness. He yielded up the pooled semen on his belly as an offering to the females, proud of what he had produced. He seemed honored when they "ooohed" and "aaahed" over his white emissions. At night he strolled in to sit with them and watch The Perry Como Show stark naked, sitting down with his arms over the back of the sofa, feet crossed and an erection jutting from his groin. The two females had laughed heartily; the boy had grinned.
His sister then took it on herself each morning to visit Gordon's bedroom and, grinning like a she-wolf, swiftly roll down the sheets. Gordon, with a show of reluctance, would untie his pyjamas and slip them to his ankles. He was always stiff. His sister would reach down to "milk" him, sometimes teasing him about stains on his pyjamas or sheets, on how "hard" he was and how much fluid was already "leaking." She told him, "That's your pre-ejaculatory fluid." And told him he was a naughty little boy to produce so much of it. He smiled, proud. His explosion was quick to come. His emission shot high, filled his sister's fist, overflowed everywhere.
"Mom, it's to stop him getting up to mischief at school during the day!" she said. Truth was, she loved the sight of his stiff penis, and the feel of its rubbery hardness, and the sight and smell of the globs that glued her fingers. And her mother watched from the doorway and admired her daughter's nurse-like efficiency. A few swift strokes and Gordon's body was arching off the mattress and trails of the stuff were flying. Once the emission was so voluminous it matted his sleep-tousled hair. The two women laughed heartily at that and the boy assumed an "aw shucks" expression as he felt at the mess.
His mother told the ladies, "He admitted to me that there were boys in his college organising themselves into Saturday night 'jerk off circles.' Even talk about 'stag movies' with women who look like famous Hollywood stars. He says the boys strip completely naked and sit next to each other cheering on the actors and helping one another masturbate. But he promises that he'll never get involved. He says he doesn't have to sneak around to look at underwear advertisements. All the same I've got to pinch myself! To think- in our household we resort to supervised masturbation- because the alternative is so foul!"
Ladies tittered. They thought of the male erection, at once sinister and absurd. Eyes drifted to the art work. There were statuettes of Greek athletes- without any leaves over their genitals, more than one Mom noted with satisfaction.
They thought of their own sons.
Meanwhile outside, under the projecting bay window of Mrs Reilly's living room, two stark naked boys lifted their ears to catch every word of this conversation, wide-eyed with shock, full of lubricious wonder. An observer, especially a girl, might have found the sight comical: the boys were tall and lean, with their oiled Elvis hairdos making them look all the more naked; and with gobbets of car wash foam in their pubic bush. Both had erections springing from their groins, stimulated as they were by the ladies' filthy images- of spanking a naked son...of nude punishment of a fella their age...by his Mom and sister! And of supervised masturbation, for Chrissakes!
What would these ladies talk about next?
They listened hypnotised, cocks straining.
Now they recognised Mrs Reilly's voice.
"Sigmund Freud called masturbation the universal addiction," she was opining. "It is certainly true of boys in Brewer and there's a case for taking it in hand- as mothers. Mothers asserting control of the phenomenon. If it's to happen, better it be under our control."
Mrs Nora Goodwin said that was her experience. Her son, Alwyn, played basketball and swam. "Some of you may have seen him at the swim meet?" Indeed several ladies nodded. They could recall vividly the lean, rangy youngster with a stubbornly stiff but remarkably small member. A few had sat in his row in the bleachers. They had had his bottom- lean and clenched with fear- placed in their faces as he had negotiated his way past them, to go down and present himself on the blocks.
His mother said that he had recently acquired the habit of masturbating. She had found evidence on his pyjamas, "hard as lacquer" with his emissions, and discovered under his bed, embedded among copies of Sports Illustrated, half a dozen magazines with titles like Brief, Modern Man, Frolic and Stare. They were full of photos of women in their underwear, with big cleavages, in provocative poses. This had disgusted her, this revelation of adult desire in her son.
She had lost her temper- Stare and Frolic in her hand, full of provocative smiles and cleavages- and told him to hand over his trousers and underpants. "How dare you object to being stripped! You seem to like women going naked!" This was like a slap across the cheeks and he started to unbuckle. Loosened, he pushed down the dungarees. Trousers slithered to ankles. He paused. "Well?" she insisted. He gulped and put his hands on his elastic. Slowly the boxer shorts descended. Slightly bent forward he contrived to have his white T shirt shelter his genitals.
She made him wait in the living room in nothing but this T shirt, sheltering his groin. She checked on him a few times, half smiling at the sight of long white legs, at the hands desperately clamped over his privates. She continued to upbraid him. "A magazine called Frolic! With these pictures!" she taunted him. "Some Modern Man you are!"
She was wearing an exquisite hour-glass dress, a discrete floral print, with three-quarter length sleeves. She took him over her lap. She had given him the spanking of his life, "all over, bottom and legs, not missing any available space." His T shirt had ridden up to his shoulders and with no effort she had tugged it off, rendering him totally bare, shocked and doubly shamed. He had howled his heart out, twisted and turned, regardless of what he exposed.
Now his long athlete's body looked acutely vulnerable, over her lap, like an offering. She thrashed away all the harder. His buttocks and thighs were turned red in splotches. Soon, evenly red.
He kept twisting, almost rolling over, giving her a view of his penis and testicles, squashed and bunched up, his balls jiggling in clear outline in their petite sack. These sex organs looked so little-boyish, vulnerable.
He begged her to stop, the word "Mommy" gushed out. She was shocked to hear the infantilism. "Plllleassse, Mommy!" She had never heard him use it before. It had always been an adult, business-like,"Hi, Mom!" Again and again, "Ooooh, Mommy! Plllleassse, stop!" Or, more desperate, "Ooooh, Mommy, no, no, no!" As her angry palm rained down, harder and harder, he was reduced to a repeated, gasped, sobbed,"Mommy...Mommy...Mommy!"
She sensed that he had been hauled across some mental border. He was lifting and tilting his blazing bottom now. More at the soreness of her palm than out of any sympathy she finally rested. She had then applied Ponds Cold Cream. She lingered over this, scooping up generous dollops from the jar and very slowly spreading it into every inch of bruised skin, slowly, very slowly and gently, as if ironing a prized dress, gazing down tenderly on the object before her.
She seemed to take special care with the crease between his thighs and buttocks, greasing the uppermost thighs...and then pressing firmly into the mounds of the glutes, the little hillocks. This attention squeezed out a barely audible, "Ohhh...Mommy." His voice was tinged with shock. Encouraged, she trespassed on the borders of decency, attending now to the apex where inner thighs met the cleft of his buttocks. He gasped, his body tensed.
She moved slowly, massaged persistently, and like a confident surgeon used both hands and prised him apart to look inside his cleft at the sphincter. "Ohhhhh," he moaned. The hole resembled a pink tea rose. From its circumference, like the rays of a sunburst, bronze hairs reflected the overhead light, flaring out from the pucker. She kept his cleft parted, allowed him to absorb the humiliation that his most intimate spot was being exposed. The humiliation- and the fear that she might find him unclean. She heard a desperate, barely audible, "Mom...mmy...!" She maintained the tension, let him wonder. She thought he must almost feel her gaze burrowing into him. She thought he must be melting with shame, to have his mother inspecting his bottom hole.
Then she diverted. She pressed her finger between his legs- yes, right between them- along his perineal rafe- she could feel this intimate ridge line- moving two fingers now, massaging- this was outrageous, she thought- between anus and testicles, pressing on till her finger located a tuft of hair and felt his tight little scrotum and then- for long minutes- felt all around what she assumed would be his most deliriously sensitive zone. Pressing firmly.
He was emitting slight choking noises now obviously in some realm of bliss. This was confirmed by a steel-hard pressure she felt on her thigh. Her little boy was erect; oh my God, she thought; she would deal with that later. She returned to his cute hole, hesitated and, then...pressed the entrance firmly. But did not yet enter its hallway. "Oooohhh..." came his incantation. "Ooooohhh, Mommmmy!"
She scooped up more cream and massaged around and around the pouting exit. He was trembling now but with what she took to be bubbling pleasure. She massaged more, stretching the dime-sized vortex. His moan, "Ooooh...Mommmy!" gave the game away. Its tone was different. It implied gratitude for the pleasure she was bringing her son. As if to say, "Ooooh...Mommmy...that's real nice!"
Now was the time to change gears. Almost daintily she applied the lubricant to the silky puckered surface and then drove slowly but insistently into the hot, tight hole with her lubricated index finger. Her finger parted the sides of the passage. This time his expostulation rang loud and urgent: "OHHH! MOMMY!!" His whole body stiffened.
She pushed a little more. Then she felt what she would have described as a flesh quake. His whole body shook. Her index finger probed her son's passageway. He now went completely limp. Then she went further, her finger half way in, the passageway parted. More desperate now, "OHHHHHH!" He seemed close to fainting. She marshalled her strength and inexorably jammed all the way now, finger up to the knucklebone. He gasped, "Ohhhhhhmommymommmymommy!" Desperate, he brought all his youthful muscular strength to bear and tightened, and for a moment she feared her elegant finger would be nipped off. She smartly slapped his right buttock with her free hand. "Relax!" she commanded.
She felt his neat little erection subside on her knee. It was now a small, inoffensive, squashed cocktail sausage. She jammed harder. He groaned. She slightly rotated the finger. Then rotated it in the reverse direction. "Ooooh..." Came his expostulation. "...Mommmmmy!"
She told him that was how to take a boy's temperature and jammed and twisted some more, slowly. She must have reached his prostate; she felt his thing on her knee re-inflate. Small but hard. He was purring, like a kitten. Enough, she thought. She slowly withdrew. He lay like a corpse. "Oh Mommy," he whispered. "Don't...do...that! Pleasssssse!"
Without saying anything she returned to the massage of buttocks and thighs, scooping more dollops of cream, her hands softly circling round and round. All around each smooth buttock. Up and down hairy thighs. Just inside the cleft, from top to bottom- this made him tremble and moan his incantation- then revisiting the perineum, lingering on the scrotum. She seemed to feel him pressing his erection firmly into her thigh. Even moving slightly. Pleasuring himself. He revived, half-whispered, half-gasped his old mantra: "Mommy...Mommy...Mommy."
He was definitely rubbing his petite erection on her thigh, as much as he thought he could get away with.
She had never felt such control.
She now told him to stand up and, when he struggled off her lap to face her naked, guessed immediately what he was trying to shelter. She ordered him to drop his hands. "No, this instant, by your sides!"
As she described the scene all her listeners were transfixed, 30 Moms hearts beating hard. But if they were stimulated think of the naked boys under the breakfront window! Yes, the two with Elvis hairdos and foam from car wash detergent in their pubic bush were now joined by the muscled boy with the blond crew cut who had been cleaning the pool. The two had called him over. "Listen to this!" they had whispered. Soon he was reeling too- a Mom stripping her 18 year old for a spanking! Massaging his bottom! Sticking her creamed finger in his ass! Jesus fuckin' Christ! His bulky, white, circumcised penis inflated, stretched, flattened against his abs.
The three erections poked at the summer sky.
They heard the mother resume.
"He groaned. Then he let his hands drop. His thing jutted out and up. And it was leaking that clear fluid. He was so embarrassed. But I had a good look- I think every mother is curious about her boy's development, and patted the sofa and made him sit down next to me- I spread his T-shirt so he would not soil my upholstery- and insisted he tell me about the new feelings that had come into his life.
"I told him I wanted an honest answer about how often. Oh, several times a day, I'm afraid, was his answer. And he admitted he likes women with large breasts in bras and skimpy underwear. Yes, so unoriginal. He said all other boys did it, as if that were an excuse. Some even did it together. Where I asked? In the showers, he said, at the drive-in, at sleep-overs, on scout camps or school trips. Some seemed incorrigible, searching out other boys all the time. Even those who dated girls looked for opportunities in the showers or away from home. And all the while he was crying and his little thing was hard as a poker."
She didn't share it with the ladies but Nora had found it the rarest thing, to be seated on a sofa next to a long, lean youth, in his birthday suit- she in a stylish dress inspired by Grace Kelly, rounded off with nylon stockings and high heels- he, with an erection poking to the ceiling and freely emitting a clear fluid, almost as if that organ, too, were weeping.
He confessed that his penis got "like that" whenever he thought of women in their underwear: nylon mesh petticoats, corsets, pointy bras, silk underpants with lace, suspender belts. Eventually, no matter how hard he tried, he "just had to do it." Yes, sometimes three times a night. With Johnsons Baby Oil or Vaseline. More sobs and he reached for his mother's hand.
She took his sweaty palm reluctantly. She looked down at his penis, no more than three inches at best. She recalled her wedding night surprise in the honeymoon bed as her husband had shyly slid his shorts down to reveal an identical erection: urgent but truncated. She had stared, amazed. On that night she had recalled her brothers' wide "broomstick" lengths, as they grinned and flashed their organs from bathroom towels. Or had let her peek when they and their buddies had skinny-dipped in the pond on their farm, their organs swinging between their thighs.. A boyfriend in the navy who had joked about his "eight inches of cold steel" and pressed its bulge on her whenever they had kissed in the doorway. The stout and jutting erections she had witnessed at the recent swim meet where she had been embarrassed that her boy had been among the smallest.
Her son sat, clutching her hand, displaying a replica of his Dad's organ; goodness, she thought, it was like a bad joke, like some punch line: "...and then she made her son take his pants off, and guess what? Only three inches, just like his father!"
Anyway, she now told the ladies that her son looked so pathetic sitting there with his stubborn, upraised member that she could not help herself but just reached out, with her lubricated fingers, and grasped hold of it. His eyes had popped, with astonishment, with pleasure. For her part- and she did not share this with the ladies- she relished the feel but wished his appendage had been longer- for her pleasure, for his, for his eventual wife's. She moved her fist up and down no more than four times- he sat, eyes clenched shut- before he spurted. It was so...well, funny. When she felt it coming she had gripped tighter, really tight, and...whoosh! His ejaculation shoot through the air like a geyser and hit her chandelier, causing a tinkling. Another emission flew out and drenched his mouth and chin, trailing off to his sternum, and then it just flowed forth, bubbling over, flooding his tummy, webbing his pubic bush.
She couldn't believe it: she had masturbated her teenage athlete son.
Outside the window three nude 18 years stared at one another, mouthing "FUCK!" A mother! A son! She...jacked...him...off! Their own enforced nudity made the narrative they heard all the more poignant. Their erections produced bubbles of moisture from their slits. Hands drifted to pricks.
Mrs Smyth continued.
It became a ritual. He would present himself as soon as he got home from school or sports practice. "Mommy..." (Appallingly he was addicted to this nomenclature, this baby-talk.) "Mommy...I think I need your help..." And she would sigh and say she was busy with dinner but he would look so crestfallen that she would give in and tell him, very well, go and get ready and within minutes his dungarees and penny loafers and button-down shirt would be torn off and he would be naked and erect in his bedroom. She would plant herself on the bed next to him and begin applying the Ponds Cold Cream- the first handful on his little erection would make him go shivery with desire- eyes clenched shut, body tensed. He always came quickly and always shot for the ceiling.
And again- this too started to happen every day- he was soon presenting himself late in the evening asking his mother to scrub his back in the bath or, in his pyjamas, asking his Mom to tuck him in. His sisters giggled as their Mom dutifully went off and they seemed to sense what was happening. One slyly asked him, "Have you got Mom jerking you off? Getting rid of your stuff for you?" The other said, "Oh, isn't that sweet! Mom has to 'milk' our little brother to stop him polluting sheets and pyjamas!" And he just blushed and looked away. He was ashamed and, at the same time proud, to be in trouble for producing so much manly fluid- gallons and gallons of the stuff- his mother had to help him get rid of it. And his sisters knew. In fact he had never felt more like a husky young male animal, any fears about his diminutive prick banished.
Meanwhile his mother got more familiar with her son's apparatus than she had ever been with his father's, getting to know the cone-shaped glans, every crinkle in his stretched frenulum, each vein on his penis stem, the bubbles on his ball sack, as she pumped him conscientiously twice a day, sitting on the edge of his bed or the bath, and mopped him up after. Or three times a day- because on several occasions after erupting he asked her to do it again, immediately. He was especially prideful, it seemed, of being able to produce a second big spurt which made his mother shake her head and mutter, "Goodness gracious." He would fall back on his bed, the gluey stuff all over his belly and chest, grinning.
She drew the line at one of his requests, however. He sat spread-legged on his bed, entirely nude, as her hand, greasy with cold cream, reached for his eager, upright penis. "Mommy..?" There he went again, the silly infantilism. "Mommy..?"
What was it, she asked?
And it turned out that he wanted to be taken over her knees and have her repeat the anal intrusion of their first time together. "Can you take my temperature...down there? Like that time?" was the stuttering way he put it. She was shocked at the direction of his desires and the reminder of how wayward she herself had been. She ruled it out and he was soon lost in masturbatory bliss as her lubricated palm and fingers worked their magic on his adolescent erection.
Hanging on every word of the Moms, the redhead and the Negro youth, covered in sweat and spattered with leaves, had joined their mates. The five boys had looks of astonishment, as they stared at one another, unable to believe what they were hearing: mature ladies...like their own Moms...making their 18 year old boys strip off! Fellas like us! And...jacking them off! Moms!
Without thinking about it, they were fondling their erections.
There was another voice.
Mrs Wedermeyer was now saying that only the previous month she had confronted her son, Ronnie, with the extra washing he was causing her, soiled pyjamas every day and splotched sheets. On one occasion his nocturnal shifting had not only stained but torn a sheet. Even the mattress had stains. He had been very abashed, especially as she had made the accusation at the breakfast table and his two sisters had begun to giggle. He was, however, in no position to deny anything- she had his damp, telltale pyjama pants in her arms. "If you can't help it, at least do it properly," she had said, with disgust.
Her next step was to visit his bedroom at night after his bath and watch him dry off and then have him lie on the bed. She had been surprised by the wild burst of his pubic hair and the way his curved white member, about five inches long, bending inwards, had instantly sprung to life. It was broad, so wide that the glans at its end looked small, stretched across the broad beam of his fat white appendage.
He had been very shy.
"Well, go on," she had told him. "Just like you do it when you are on your own." Still, he had hesitated, lying there paralysed, blushing and looking at the ceiling as if for instruction. She had moved in and tousled his hair and said, "Oh come on, you silly boy. It's not what you do. It's doing it in secret that's the naughtiest thing. No secrets between a boy and his Mom..." And she had lifted a hand and placed it right on his penis and gave it a little push. He had clenched his eyes and...started.
He had a look of intense concentration as his small hand moved up and down. Her own hand moved from his hair to his ear and chin, lightly stroking and tickling. What was he playing with in his mind, she wondered. Girls at school with their pert breasts? Girls at the swimming pool with their long bare legs? She moved her red finger nails to her son's wide orange nipple, flicking it and, daringly, giving it a squeeze. She let her fingers play on his tummy, felt his abdomen tighten and move as he strained at his masturbation...
...he frowned intently, he clenched...and then with a tensing of his whole body, an arching of his back...shot forth a healthy spurt of white fluid that flew over his head and splotched on the bed head, another that splashed into the jugular notch at the bottom of his neck making it resemble a iced pond in winter and a third that flooded his tummy and filled his navel.
The tart, fresh smell of his semen abruptly reached her nostrils.
He mastered his breath and dared to open his eyes. He had the dazed look of a performer who had just been fired from a cannon. She lent and pecked him on the cheek and said, "That's how we'll do it in future. No secrets from Mommy, no bad magazines...and none of those dirty pyjamas or sheets. Oh, you were making such a MESS!" His eyes came back into focus and he smiled up and her and nodded his agreement.
She went to the bathroom and came back with a damp towel and mopped him up. Unseen his two sisters huddled and giggled up the corridor, manoeuvred for a glimpse. He twitched when his Mom handled his subsided penis. "Ow, it's sensitive," he whispered. "That's the problem, you naughty boy," she said. "Your thing is sensitive and you want to play with it like all boys your age." He muttered his apologies. She helped him up and held his pyjama pants apart to assist him. As he stepped in his slightly inflated penis hung inches from her face. Dressed, he put his arm around her and kissed her goodnight.
And so it went, every evening. Usually she would enter and he would be impatiently displaying himself on the bed, his penis stiff. Sometimes she had him sit naked in his chair at his desk, as if preparing for homework, and she would instruct him to start. He seemed to find the act of sitting down naked at his desk very exciting. She stood by his side, tousling his hair and tickling his ribs, while he earnestly set to work on his erection. And, always, when he came there was that fresh, tart smell in her nostrils, his half-ashamed, half-proud expression on his face, that tell-tale porridge webbed on his tummy, his chest, his face.
On the next Saturday, when he did not appear for breakfast, she went to his bedroom to ask if he was feeling sick. He asked her to shut the door and come over to the bed. He rolled down the sheet to show his stiff penis poking from the pyjama fly. She noticed how ruby-coloured was its bellend. "Mom...sometimes...I need...to do it..."
And he stumbled out that once a day no longer worked, especially on weekends, and she had told him he was a silly boy and she needed to get on with breakfast and, as if it were the most natural thing in the world, she reached down and manipulated him to a swift climax and left him to clean himself. He came down with a big smile and gave his mother a kiss and beamed at his sisters. A wide, happy smile.
"Mom, are you milking Ronny?" asked Sally, his older sister. And the other, Cathy, collapsed in giggles. His mother told them to mind their tongues. For his part Ronny, in post-coital bliss, couldn't care less. And, in any case, "milking" was a delicious term. It made him feel masculine, grown up, a producer of this flowing white stuff that had to be milked by a female- as it happened, by his Mom.
Other times in this bold spirit he was he was to insist that once a day was not enough. Watching daytime TV- the program Strike It Rich was a favorite- he looked down at a bulge in his jeans and said despairingly, "Hey Mom! Look..." She could not help smiling indulgently. And in a moment he had slithered his pants and undies to his ankles and, with his Mom by his side with a loving arm around his shoulder, he was jerking off slower than ever, enjoying every second, with eyes shut and a dreamy expression. It takes him off into another world, she found herself reflecting, I wonder what it is.
She squeezed him to her.
After his big, boyish ejaculation- the forest-fresh smell of his sperm reaching her nostrils- she had said, "Now that does you for today, honey!" But he'd objected, playful but insistent that his allowance was twice a day. All the boys at school knew that. Twice- at least. More on weekends, they all knew that! "Oh, away with you! Dirty-minded fella!" she had scoffed.
But that night he was nude in his chair, eyes tightly shuttered, working away on his thick five inches, his glans stretched to the limit to accommodate the fat stem of his prick, with Mom standing behind massaging his shoulders, bending to tweak a nipple, listening to the quiet flip-flop noise of skin on skin. He came in a spasm, with a hearty gasp, spattered his chest, shoulders and tummy. She had to go the bathroom for a wet towel. When she came in he looked up and grinned.
He asked for, and was granted, these "specials" on other occasions as well. Several times during a Sunday when he was at home cramming for an exam- after all, she said to herself, it relieved his nerves. Or after his bath and before dressing in his rented tux for a school formal. This, she thought, might prevent embarrassing erections when he was waltzing with some perfumed young lady with pointed breasts. Sometimes he would beg her to perform the task but she rationed this as a reward for when he was really good. Mostly she would watch while he did it, leaning in to stroke his torso. Tickling, to excite him more. But on his birthday she produced a bottle of Ponds' cold cream with the ties and socks she brought into his bedroom. His pyjama pants were rolled down in a jiffy and his penis stood out and up hard as metal. And when she applied a fistful of the delicious oil-in-water combination he nearly fainted into the mattress with pleasure.
Once when the sisters were away at camp he emerged in the living room in his birthday suit, without a trace of shame and totally erect. His penis curved up and back so its tip touched his abdomen. She could see all its ventral side, on display. She thought he looked a young Marine eagerly roaming an Okinawa brothel. He approached her in a beseeching mood. The veins in his penis stem looked blue as irises in the afternoon light filtering through the Venetian blinds. The tip was tinged with purple. He confessed that his mind was racing with dirty thoughts- he certainly looked demon possessed- and asked for his mother's help. He was in no mood to put things off till evening.
"Well, alright..."
"I need you to milk me, Mom," he confessed, with a shy smile. "I have to be...milked."
At this age, she thought, they are like young goats.
In a second she was allowing him to lie face up across her lap- she had sensed his urgency- while she masturbated him with Ponds Cold Cream. His groin and its contents were right under her nose and she could smell the fern-like odor of his wild black bush. She noticed the wide pulsing artery up the underside of his banana and the bunching of skin under his glans, the banjo strings of her boy's frenulum. His need was palpable. His face was especially contorted and she asked him what he was thinking about, making her voice ring with idle curiosity. "What's going on in that head of yours?" she asked softly as her palm moved voluptuously up and down.
"Women...watching us..." he rasped, sounding a million miles off.
Women? Watching them? She wondered at the filth that slopped from side to side in mens' minds. Watching...them? She and her son?
Her stroking was making a soft watery sound and she saw his testicles jiggling in their hairy sack. These..."organs of generation" the textbooks called it...so funny...her son's jiggling testicles, displayed on her lap! All this sexual mechanism- clear fluid, erections, self-pleasuring, ejaculation- she reflected, propelled by the gamey notions inside his head.
"What women?"
His eyes opened slightly and revealed a dreamy unfocused stare. He was hypnotised by his fantasy. His reply seemed a long time coming. "Other Mommies," he conceded softly.
Goodness, she thought.
"What Mommies?" she gently asked, probing his fantasies like a surgeon probing a festering wound. There was silence, then he said, "Your friends...from the street...Mrs Jakobson...Mrs Elliot...Samantha's mother..."
Remarkable. Ladies, from the street. Other mothers.
The idea worked its wonder. He tensed and arched his back and sent forth big ropes of semen flying to his forehead and chin, then one that pooled on his sternum. He sighed deeply, looked off at the ceiling. The ceiling- from which Mrs Jakobson, Mrs Eliot and Samantha's Mom had been staring down, spectral figures fading now, like ghosts in the dawn.
She eased him up and guided his drowsy presence to the bathroom. A runnel of sperm slid down his right thigh to his knee. His thick pubic bush was matted. Yes, she thought, I'll get my sewing scissors and give you a good trim, young man, all that hair can't be hygienic when you are spilling fluid all the time.
She told the ladies his behaviour had improved with this regime and her washing duties reduced.
Outside the house five boys, as naked as the day they were born, had fingers on stiff members, felt themselves close to spilling. These Mom's stories were revelations! What they do to their sons! Fuck!
Now they heard the voice of the mother of a boy they all knew, a sportsman, a year behind them when they had been at school.
It was Mrs Ricketson, mother of Rodney. She spoke about her son's acute embarrassment when asked to model his Indian gear for the school musical. She said his equipment was large- here she gestured with both palms and may have inadvertently rendered her son's nine inches closer to 12- but said he seemed worried that his glans was malformed and his testicles hung uncommonly low.
While she made these remarks there was a pronounced hush. Some eyes expanded greedily. Some faces flushed. Mrs Ricketson went on. She described her son's penis head as being like a mushroom, "a large one, a prize winner." And she said that she thought his scrotum was "enormous" and joked that there was no way Miss Cuff's costume would "keep him decent." One woman swallowed, another mother unconsciously licked her lips. Some glances flicked over the art- the petite, tapered tubes dangling from classical goins, the compact testicle sacks, Cupid's twirling overhang. They tried to imagine Mrs Ricketson's boy.
"I remember we were fitting him for his racing briefs- the swim team was off to compete- and he sustained an involuntary enlargement. Yes, 'an erection'..."
She handled the technical language with difficulty. She had overheard her daughter and cousin referring to "Rodney's boner." She recalled her late husband referring to his own "hard on." The locker room language seemed indelicate in the company of scented ladies.
Mrs Reilly nodded to encourage her.
"...there, in the changing booth, with all the girls present. I think he could have fainted with embarrassment. But what do you recommend now...if I catch him..."
"Masturbating? With dirty magazines or lingerie advertisements?" Mrs Reilly helped her out. "Well, it's a matter of what would traumatise him the most, my dear. I've been at your home when he's modelled for you, and, yes, he is bashful. But an extra layer of punishment? Send him to another mother to get his caning. A house with a lot of daughters, a mother with a house full of girls. Or like Mrs Sullivan take photos and fill a bulging album of nude swimming shots and let him know you are sharing them..."
Mrs Sullivan was there, her album on her lap, ready to share it again, to pass it around to hungry-eyed females. All her friends had stared at its pages. None would decline another viewing. Photos of her son Mark nude and erect, in profile and front on, standing on the blocks ready to dive, striding along the edge of the pool, being hugged by his Aunt Julie while his cock poked back at the camera.
A close up or two that showed the ridge of his perineal raphe dividing his sectoral sac, the wrinkles that ran off in both directions. He seemed particularly horrified that such detail was on view. His sisters showed the album off to friends. His female cousins always got to see it when they visited. Their Negro maid had peeked; she now giggled and looked away whenever she saw him.
These days at home Mark was very subdued.
"Yes, a complete night at home stripped of everything. That's easy and obvious. But...you could go further. Along the lines of what we've just heard. Supervised masturbation for Rodney. Now there's a thought...in the nuddy, stripped of everything, sisters present..."
Outside five nude boys were fingering their pricks desperately, looking like they were in the full throes of a jack-off competition, stories of the nude humiliation of young fellas like themselves, at the hands of Moms and sisters, flooding their minds.
...having women and girls inspect photos of them nude! With erections! Jes...us!
...having their mother clutch their hardons!
...being forced to walk round home without a stitch, in front of all the females!
They wore glassy stares, each gripped by a mental picture from the horror stories being shared inside Mrs Reilly's house- all these monstrous and thrilling scenes: boys forced to peel off clothes, Moms eager to stare at their sons' development, sisters being summoned to point and laugh, a boy nude over a Mommy's lap, the slaps raining down...
Two of them let fly with ropes of white fluid, splashing on Mrs Reilly's drive..Splop! Splop! Within seconds another followed- Splop! Wide pools of hot sperm forming on the ground.
Minds raced...
...the idea of a boy naked on the settee next to a dressed Mom, the fella with a stubborn erection...
...a sister rolling back the sheets, grinning like a she-wolf ...
Another boy exploded, gallons of the stuff appearing to dance in the air in a zig zag fireworks display.
And the thoughts continued to race...
...a bottom spanked as a naked guy leapt and pranced around the living room, his cock and balls flying...
...a boy walking nude to the lounge and sitting, feet crossed and an erection jutting, to watch Perry Como with Mom and sis' laughing at the sight...
...a mother, beautifully dressed, tearing a T shirt off her son over her lap, making him completely naked and plunging her finger deep into his ass!
The last boy shot off his load, the spunk flying all the way to join the suds on the bonnet of Mrs Reilly's 1950 Pontiac Chieftain.
Splop!
Meanwhile, back inside...
Mrs Ricketson frowned, concentrated in thought. What, having heard all this, might she devise for Rodney? There were many options. All delicious.
The afternoon was coming to an end.
Time for a drink.
Soon the ladies were gathered around the pool.
Mrs Reilly's Negro maid mobilised the five naked boys who, pricks dribbling sperm, had quickly returned to their work stations. Stealing a good look at their every inch- she liked the duty- the maid strolled the garden and ordered them one by one to come over to a table with glasses and cocktails, preeminently the fashionable new cocktail of 1955, Gin Daisy. The two tall, skinny boys with Elvis hairdos picked their way across the lawn, hands in front. They still had foam in their pubic hair from cleaning the car. The other three, shyly shuffling across, were plastered with leaves. Some adhered to their buttocks. The red headed boy had a oak leaf sticking from his intergluteal cleft. Each shone with sweat.
The maid said they were to take the glasses and move around the pool, offering them to the ladies.
No, there was no question of them getting dressed. Mrs Reilly would not hear of it, she told them, as they absorbed the news horrified.
They stumbled and shuffled with embarrassment. Especially when, with terror, they glimpsed a smiling neighbour, the Mom of a buddy, a friend of their Mom's.
Soon, crowded in the curtilege of the pool, between her neat hedges and the chlorine-scented water, five nude 18 year old boys began edging through perfumed, sweetly-attired Moms, offering the cocktails. Then the naked fellas returned through the press of women- many of the ladies with the pinched waists, ballooning hips, accented busts of current fashion- to collect more drinks. As they collected the glasses of alcohol they were stared at hard by the Negro maid behind the cloth-covered table. With glasses in both hands there was no question of sheltering privates from her view. From anyone's.
They moved around distributing drinks and the boys felt the eyes of the mothers on them. The Mom's wide skirts grazed and caressed the boys' furry legs. Every now and then long-fingered hands flicked over the boys' asses and played over their chests.
Each of them got an erection.
Their cocks arched or jutted from their groins, at full stretch.
Mrs Madelaine Maidenhead looked at Jimmy with his greased, swept-back hair, standing naked in front of her, shuffling with shame and handing her a drink. He was her local garage mechanic! He had tended her Buick Roadmaster Convertible, in summer never wearing a shirt under his bibbed overalls. As a result, behind her cats eyes sunglasses with their flared edges, she had been able to admire the fat artery in his white biceps, the pink nipple ringed with spidery black hairs glimpsed through the edge of his denim.
And now! Jimmy was in front of her without a stitch! Utterly bare! An unblemished white torso and a concave abdomen with a line of hair running from his navel. And a hard penis pointing up at her, with a wide blue dorsal vein, pink-tipped, with fat, clearly outlined testicles in his low-hanging ballsack.
Mrs Maidenhead stared. Yes, a low-hanging scrotum, fat balls, a big blue vein. She gulped hungrily. Jimmy blushed beetroot.
Three ladies found themselves approached by a bashful YMCA swimmer with flat auburn hair brushed forward. He was shyly offering drinks. He sported large medallion-type nipples on wide pectorals. He was stuttering an apology for splashing the cocktails. Three sets of eyes were admiring the well-shaped crown on the end of a white rod at full stand, rising from dark curls. They could see all the underside of his penis, including a "fabulous" central ventral vein. His testicles were bunched and held forward. He felt their stares, backed off, stumbling, but his cock jerked up to reach its maximum length. It emitted a bubble of clear fluid.
Roger, the lanky red head, covered in freckles, felt REAL goofy when he had to shuffle over to two friends of his mother's. Hell! Shit! Fuck! They were looking him all over! They would- shit! the shame! the shame!- see his red pubic hair! "Well, thank you, Roger, that's real nice of you," drawled Mrs Solomon in her blue-on-white polka dots, under her funny floral hat, not for a second lifting her greedy eyes from his groin. From his bush of red hair- yes, fascinating to his Mom's friends- his white rod curved out, a downward tilting banana, capped with a pink glans featuring a prominent slit. A slit like a smile. His eyes were lowered, taking in the lady's peep-toe shoes, red painted nails.
"Why, you do look strong and fit," opined Mrs Bendicks, a tall, skinny 50 year old with several sons of her own, wearing black and white stripes, a square hat with a geranium and white gloves to the elbows. "Your mother must be real proud." Her eyes, too, were fastened on the boy's shamefully bent penis. He gulped, reddened, shuffled off, knew he was now displaying his Mom's friends his red-freckled ass while he passed another four women who gazed fascinated at his erection.
The Nergo maid took a keen interest in young Samson
Douglas as she handed him his brimming cocktails. Her look seemed to indict him for letting their people down, for not being seen at Baptist worship, for being stark naked in front of white ladies. Perhaps for sporting a brown penis that stood out, stiff and high, putting its underside with wide artery on disgraceful display. Its red tip, tugging out of his foreskin, pointed right at her, seemed to accuse her. For his part, he was frozen with shame and humiliation: nude, before a black mother, with his penis pointing boldly right at her. Now he would have to take glasses to those white women, and let them see their first negro prick! A brown one with a red tip, and pubic hair that was short and grizzled.
Crammed into the curtilege of the pool ringed by hedges, the naked boys rubbed up against the skirts of the ladies, breathed in their perfumes...their perfumes, and perhaps another womanly smell as well. As they served drinks- the ladies now onto their second, even tossing back a third- all five boys felt their bottoms being patted and stroked. Even a glans being fondled- after all, they were sticking out and up, on offer. Testicles being tickled.
Each sported a blood-hardened erection.
As the boy with the blond crew cut and body builder physique served Mrs Smyth and two of her friends- hatted and pomaded for this visit to Mr Reilly's- he felt one hand on his lower back, resting, and another play over his abs. He had the finest physique of any of the boys: small pert brown nipples on his bulging chest, his stomach criss-crossed with horizontal indentations and a deep one running verticle, biceps that inflated like a football as he held the drinks. And his penis! Standing at full stretch it pulsed, with a clear bubble of moisture at the tip. It throbbed.
Mrs Smyth, who had entertained the gathering with tales of her son Gordon's supervised masturbation, boldly put out her hand and played with his prick, lightly running her fingers up and down its neck, relishing the length and thickness, and thinking, with a dreamy faraway look, "A real man's penis!"
His name was Brad, and most afternoons when he finished work in the cannery he would drive to the cabin in the woods at the far reach of Lake Wilson and drape a blanket over the only window and straighten out an old, stained mattress. Then he would wait for one of half a dozen mothers, mothers of his friends- as it happened- booked into visit him there. These mature-age ladies in their 40s or 50s would strip in a flash, their big, loose breasts flopping out of their bras, needing to get back to dinner and children, and join him in emphatic and juicy sex. He liked going at them doggy style, even barking like an Alsatian as he fucked a crouching mother and played at being her "big, ole doggie."
Or letting one of them pretend to be his slave and lick his asshole: "C'on, get into it, girl, tongue right up that hole!" As he let his own tongue roam a particularly foamy cunt, he thought, "I play basketball with the fella who came out of this space!" And he pleasured his buddy's Mom all the harder.
Right now he stood, rooted to the spot. Outrageously Nora Goodwin who had reported on her son Alwyn and his three inch erection, shifted her hand from Brad's lower back to cup his balls. She breathed with difficulty as she weighed and fondled his scrotal sack. Then she had joined Mrs Smyth in fingering Brad's stem. Their companion began to ruffle the young man's pubic locks- he found the tickling delicious.
Mrs Goodwin and Mrs Smyth, who knew their own son's three and five inches so very intimately, kept savouring another boy's manhood, big manhood. It was so...long! So...thick! They liked the assertive vein that grew out of his balls and ran halfway up the stem in a zig zag and the smaller one that took over and completed the journey to just under his broad corona. Ah, that carved edge! The whole glans was so grandly sculpted! Carved and sloping, it seemed to fill their palms as they grasped it, one after the other. Oh, this...wonderful...huge prick! Their sons' short, stubby ones were doomed to disappoint from now on.
Under his blond crew cut, Brad stood transfixed, eyes half closed. Drifting, dreaming as three hands worked their magic. He would get this Mrs Smyth on his list, and Mrs Goodwin, both of whom he knew from his neighbourhood, allow them to book in to meet him at the shack by the lake. One day a week. Or even...each of these ladies, at the same time.
He was close to exploding.
Meanwhile Mrs Lucy Barnfileld, dressed like TV's June Cleaver, right down to the pearls, had spirited Roger, the rangy freckled redhead, away from the pool and into a nook where she quickly took the boy's head in her hands and plunged her tongue right between his lips. His banana-bend seven inch penis sprouting from red pubic bush had already been at full stretch. As she massaged the inside of his mouth with her tongue she held onto his penis stem with both hands. Squeezed hard. "Do you know you've got a leaf sticking out of your ass?" she asked him. When he jerked she said, "No, it's cute! I'm gonna take it out! Turn round!"
Back by the pool Mrs Reilly surveyed the perfect romantic comedy being enacted all around her, "midsummer madness" she called it. But suddenly...a real flurry. Women converging, elbowing one another. She thought: "What's the fuss there, by the edge? Must be seven of the women...somewhat excited by the looks of it. Ah, I see. The Nergo boy...Samson Douglas. They've caught him...got him surrounded...asking him questions...and looking at that penis. Standing tall, it is. God! I can see the veins from here. Mahogany. With that hilarious red tip emerging from the folds! Now they've got hands all over him...love that grizzled pubic hair, they do...and hands on it! Feeling up that prick! I would think the smell of their soaked panties emerging from their dresses must be enough to overpower him...they must be reeking like the Fulton Fish Market!"
Suddenly her view of Samson and his admirers was blocked.
A tall, skinny boy with Elvis Presley hair faced her, his penis hard and jutting at a textbook 45 degree angle, with a pretty little overhang of skin. He was shyly offering her a drink. He was blushing fire engine red.
She stared at his groin.
Oh cute! Very cute: the bulge of his glans under the foreskin, the network of fine blue veins on white shaft, the bunched-up ball sack with its animal fur. She sighed. She reached for the drink.
She took a sip and glanced around. All her friends were engaged. Busy, in fumes of alcohol and desire.
She sipped her cocktail.
She reached out. The boy nearly jumped outta his skin as her hand took hold...
Meanwhile in another part of town Rodney Ricketson was leaving the Elm Street home of Mrs Una Carruthers, the sewing lady and costume maker.
Oh, how high had been his hopes when he had arrived an hour earlier. Yes, he was to be fitted with a new Indian brave's loin cloth. This one would have no flap hanging at the rear. He and all the boy's would rehearse and, finally, perform with their bottom's bare. Terrible- but a rumour had spread that at least the front cloth would be bigger! By now Miss Cuff and the headmistress and all the mothers would have to appreciate that the front flap was positively indecent! That well developed boys could easily be glimpsed, that those with little pricks would even be seen, so small was the covering, that if they got stiff- and, let's be realistic, surely all ladies knew that this happened without cause among boys their age- the flap got shunted aside. Boys had been rehearsing with erections on view! Females giggling at what they saw.
All boys had been asked to model at home, for mothers, sisters, female cousins, aunts, neighbours. They all suffered the same problem: a frontal flap that offered little cover, especially when they moved. Or if their pricks moved.
Rodney's friend Kerry Fulbright had found pictures in The America Encyclopedia of young Indian braves with loin cloths as wide as aprons, right across their groins, shielding everything and hanging securely. He said he had showed his mother. He had told her that's that what they should be wearing. She had laughed it off, smiled indulgently, then agreed and said she would raise it with the school. Word had spread among the boys: they would get bigger flaps!
And there was hope on another front. Brewer's Baptist Pastor Ben Albright was said to be appalled at the immodesty of the costume. Boys had mentioned it to him, red with shame. He had gulped as they told him about their private parts being revealed, so scanty were the flaps. He seemed distrait when they hinted at erections being revealed, at women savouring the view during rehearsal. Almost wild-eyed with sympathy.
So for Sunday School Camp out at Lake Roosevelt he had asked boys to put on a preview of Miss Cuff's production. To see it, himself. He had seemed shocked, tremendously agitated, at the near nudity they presented when they walked onto the stage in the mess hall at Whispering Cedars Baptist Retreat. He had inspected them close up. Lifted flaps, leaned in close. Made boys turn and show their rears. He had interrogated each boy on how many females had been there when he had performed. "What, a girl your own age?" In a quailing voice he had asked whether they had had to model for mothers? Sisters? Sweat had appeared on his forehead as he pressed for details. "Did it hurt your feelings? Did you get...aroused?" He seemed to suffer a hot flush.
He had even ran one up himself overnight, so, he said, he would know what it was like. When he had the boys dress in the loin cloths the next day for morning prayer by the lake's edge, he himself wore his own with his makeshift flaps cut from a plaid shirt. He kept the boys in their loin cloths through breakfast in the mess hall, on their daily nature walk through the pine forest. When boys had suffered erections his own lumpy, uncircumcised penis had also emerged, pointing skyward, shoving his plaid flap to one side, reaching up to his broad, hairy tummy.
With fierce sincerity, though, he had promised to go to the headmistress, even the school board, to plead that boys must be attired in exercise shorts if there were to be females in any audience. Or be allowed to wear underpants under the loin cloth. Then, as at every one of his camps, he suggested they skinny dip in the lake "in a spirit of Christian brotherhood, as the blessed disciples did." He watched carefully as boys followed his instruction and shucked out of their loin cloths. He dropped his own makeshift one and followed their bare backsides into the water, hands over his groin, sheltering an unsavoury erection.
Yet surely his pleas on their behalf would count.
As they talked about it, boys became optimistic that the new costumes would now properly cover their fronts, save their honor. Kerry assured them his Mom had put it to Miss Cuff: a generous-sized frontal flap, just like a little apron- one that would stay in place, not move about. Even if there was no rear flap. Even if their bottoms were displayed their fronts would be shielded. Pastor Albright had assured them. He had personally seen the principal, told her the present costumes were "way outta line."
So Rodney had approached the fitting, accepting there'd be no rear flap but expecting a big concession when it came to the front one, a big gain for all their modesty. He was sure- an apron-size flap. To hide everything, even a full-scale, bolt hard erection. Even a thick, nine inch erection, like his.
He had stood buck naked on the stool while Yuela the maid had insisted on taking waist measurements again, her broad Negro nose inches from his penis. Then she had left the fitting room, leaving the door gaping open. Still, there were no girls around this time and things were quiet- except for one lady, there for a dress fitting, who had peeked from the hallway. She had let her gaze linger. She could see everything of course including his red pubic hair. But Rodney did not get stiff, having jerked off four times during the day. Yes, not even Yuela's stiff white apron had excited him this time. The lady stared good and hard, then pulled herself away.
The maid eventually returned.
With the costume.
Rodney saw that there was no rear flap.
And as Yuela pulled it up his legs he saw that the front flap...
...was even...
...tinier...
...than before!
Whaddddt?
They had actually REDUCED the size.
Yuela drew the band up to sit on the root of his penis and the frontal flap settled, hanging down...and it was both narrower and shorter!
On both sides Rodney's penis shaft would be seen, uncovered.
Yes, the flap was narrower than before...
And shorter! His entire fat glans, sheltered in his foreskin, hang below the flap. In fact the end of the flap kinda settled on his coronal ridge, putting the shape of his penis head on display. And there was no covering for his low hanging balls at all!
And this was before he got the remotest bit swollen with excitement!
He spluttered protests! He begged! He teared up! He declared he could never be seen in rehearsals in this! He asked to talk to Mrs Carruthers, the seamstress, and the maid went off to find her and she was about 10 minutes getting back (during which time another lady there for a fitting had peeked in, eyes bulging when she saw a naked boy on a stool with a tiny, token flap over his powerful genitals.) Mrs Carruthers had looked him over behind and declared that, yes, it was much more "aesthetically pleasing" to have no flap in the rear and how good it was to see a young boy's bottom on display. She half-sung the ditty:
"Boys not yet in their prime
Find nude games sublime
A loin cloth they would wear
Their buttocks to bare!"
And she and Yuela laughed out loud, Mrs Carruthers patting Rodney's bottom cheeks.
She declared there was nothing to be embarrassed in letting girls and ladies see your "nice strong glutes." Then she had fiddled with the front. She had raised the elastic cord higher on his red pubic bush, covering some hair but putting more of his penis shaft on display. And looked at the effect. Studied it from a distance. She had juggled the flap around. She had grazed Rodney's penis stem as she tugged it this way and that. At one moment the edge of her hand had lingered on his penis stem, at another her palm had cupped his balls as she fiddled with the band and the flap. Rodney noticed at these moments she was smiling from the corners of her mouth. She stepped back to stand with her maid and look intently, hand on her chin.
Then she shook her head.
"Nonsense!"
She pronounced the fit was perfect and there was nothing for him to complain about. She said that all the boys would be wearing smaller flaps. Miss Cuff had personally laid down the new measurement. The teacher had apparently researched the subject in the Minnesota Museum. She had reached the view there was more evidence of young Indian braves getting around completely nude than there was of them wearing any silly loin cloths. And when they did wear them they were precisely this size, yes, a bit more petite than the first version.
Rodney spluttered about "apron sized" loin cloths, about Kerry Fulbright's mother and what she had agreed to, about the Baptist Pastor and his keen interest in boys' modesty but it all came out jumbled and confused and he was actually crying and sick of standing on the stool in front of them, his groin at eye-level, and the sound of another female visitor in the hall.
"It's all Miss Cuff's decision, and all you boys are in the same position," enunciated Mrs Carruthers. "Now pull your clothes on...and, Rodney, go home and let your mother see. I think she will agree the new costume is very elegant, worn by an athletic young fella like you."
And he looked down at the flimsy, fragile rectangle of cloth dangling from the root of his penis, only now half way down his stem! Half way down- because Rodney was beginning to stretch! He was getting an erection! The two women had noticed and were smiling slightly as they fastened their beady eyes on his privates, mushroomy glans pulling out of the foreskin. He quickly stepped down to pull his clothes on.
On his way through Brewer's streets he had a lot to think about, one question especially: how long before his mother would ask him to model the new costume? This damned new loin cloth with no back flap and a smaller front one that would shield nothing.
And whether his sister and cousin would be there when she did. Or that damn nosey Mrs Reilly.
He did not anticipate one possibility. Did not allow it to enter his mind at all.
No sister, no cousin. No Mrs Reilly.
But something worse: that when his time came to model the new costume his mother might be entertaining her bridge club, a big lively gathering of Brewer's ladies, all eager to get a glimpse of Rodney and his legendary mushroom penis head and his freakishky low-hanging testicles.
Having heard his mother on the subject at Mrs Reilly's afternoon meeting...
...having been stimulated by talk of supervised masturbation of errant sons...
...having been served drinks by naked, erect 18 year olds...
...it might be said, very eager indeed.