"FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!"
This time around her verses were not conceived of any nervous instrument of mental relief. Piper Cherry was out of her mind and craving her taker, neighbor, and best friends husband Henry McKellen. While telling herself, and his wife Josie that she was going to put a lengthy space between sexual encounters with Henry, this was not by her design. Henry had just marched right into her home and went in for the kill. Bloody murder at least on her part. She could not stop screaming her lungs out at just how bestial Henry was at the moment. Something she sorely needed.
After a rather erotic day at school between wood shop dancing, showering in the girls locker room while giving BJ counselling, followed by Detention boys cuffing her and abusing her body, a side street masturbation, and a follow up second shower at a local car wash she was beyond needy. She was glad that Henry joined her, if not him she might have done the unthinkable with her nephew Mace. Something she was resisting with all of her might. Her nephew's own sexual exploits messing with her mind, watching him over her home security cameras via cellphone, her own cheerleaders skipping school just to tackle her sister's son for their own mischief. He was certainly talented in his big boy rants.
Henry saved her soul tonight showing up unexpectedly like some greedy land baron wanting her every acre of flesh as if it were the last thing in his world to conquer. She was hardly giving up property rights but he was welcome to share certain boundaries. Cross that line Mister McKellen.
"Shit! Shit! Shit! Henry? Dear God!" She could not get much past those exclamations for his overpowering persona. What had consumed this man? Some ravaging demon from hell had possessed him into a sexual masterpiece suddenly, tossing her about between heartbeats so fast she could barely catch any semblance of a second wind. Even her dog keeping his distance worried she might be in trouble, grumbling in uncertain huffs without actually any aggressive barking. Perhaps the dog sensed Henry as no real threat even with his owner crying out like an agonizing banshee.
Outside Piper's bedroom her nephew Mace was pacing about the hallway at witnessing their intimate warzone. He was blown away by Henry himself being older, with a stamina that almost rivaled Mace himself. Seeing them on the wall security video monitor and just hearing his Aunt's excessive howling made him crazy. He often wondered what his Aunt was truly like sexually, his only times seeing her naked with another being a woman, Henry's wife Josie. However those were just awkward positions caught at the end of any actual sexually encouraged antics. Now he was seeing, hearing his Aunt offering him the best porno ever. Right on the other side of a wall, so very close that it tormented his soul.
Twenty minutes now Mace looked at a clock on the wall calculating just how long they had been going at it. Even Mace himself was offering his own ramble of "Fuck Me!" He had heard his Aunt say that term so often it was rubbing off. Even he was curious as to why Henry just waltzed right into their home like a defiant intruder with special privilege's. He just could not stop watching the hall monitor.
Piper now on her knees panting, with Henry's hand on the back of her neck. Ramming her face into the mattress muffled Piper at the moment, he tore her sloshy cunt up. Henry rearing up with pride for a majestic pose of sweat and gnashing teeth, seemed lost in thought, eyelids sealed as if picturing something in his mind. Fantasy world more like! Something or someone had created this savage beast. Mace concluded that he must be missing his wife. He couldn't blame him, Mace himself craved his ole' lady Josie, crossing his fingers for some future chance at her. He knew his Aunt had forbidden her from bedding Mace down, so far she had honored her promise. Mace had it in his head that her promise was moot. Someday he would nail the sexy hot MILF. Heck, even her twin daughter's were a fanciful illusion at times when he was home alone and bored. If he only knew that one of those daughter's had created the monster attacking his Aunt.
"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!" The shrillest scream yet made Mace reach under his swimming trunks and rub his cock. Drawn back to the monitor he witnessed Piper on her back facing her camera on the ceiling. In a twist of fate Henry had positioned her just as Mace had Tina Wiles two days ago. Drilling Piper while standing over her, Mace could fully witness every lengthy plunge of Henry's big dick, pulling out in a splatter of juices before slamming back in like an oil well producing liquid gold.
"Hey! That's my trademark move." Mace grit his teeth hissing, "He's stealing my thunder." The storm raged on without him.
********
"Thanks Kelly." Sable McKellen accepted a glass of lemonade as her son Travis twirled on a bar stool like a kid. He was giddy that Sable had finally dropped over into his turf. Sable leaning on the island bar smiling flirtatiously at Travis made him even more ecstatic. Add in her butt cheeks peering out from under her jean shorts he was in heaven.
Kelly herself wasn't wearing much more than Sable technically, she had on a bikini from sunbathing earlier in her front yard. Luckily, she was not interrupted by her neighboring annoyance Knox Hardecker, even though seeing the boy come and go looking sad. At least he didn't slip into her yard and pull the "Your Master says you have to do what a man wants." If he had, she would have obeyed and gargled after her third shower. While she might not always agree with her Master she would never defy him. It was in her DNA, which translated to Do Not Anger.
"Ready to go back to school?" Sable found conversation minimal as the boy just couldn't stop staring at her.
"I guess. I just want to be close to you." He replied.
"Awwww! He's sucking up." Sable giggled winking at Kelly.
"He does that to me when he wants money."
"What if the money is to buy Sable flowers or something?" He joked.
"NO plucking flowers out of my garden and keeping the money for junk food." Kelly frowned.
"I've never gotten flowers before. Don't do it though, I'm not really into flowers." She confided with a scowl.
"Promise ring then?" He chuckled.
"Nooooo! It's too soon." She glared at her ring finger picturing it. It made her tense. Too much too soon in her mind, "Just like me for now."
"No prob." He reached over the counter top to hold her hand, it made Kelly melt. Thankfully, Sable welcomed it, her earlier words concerning her that she might not like her son as much as he desired. A mother always knew to protect her cub.
As the three mingled over school and the risks of going back after his hijacked humiliation, Trav just let on he was tough, that they wouldn't catch him off guard again. For his sake the ladies hoped it was true. While pondering it all Kelly got a call over her cell and noted it as Dominic Black. Eyes smiling, but expression tense she started to step away to answer it when she heard the doorbell. Cell rings stopping she concluded Dom was just outside and the call was a two minute warning. Sighing she looks at Travis and appeals to his thoughts. "It's Dominic. Please restrain yourself."
"Why? So he can restrain you in your bedroom? I still don't like that mother...that fucker." Too close for comfort because it was true. He was fucking his mother. Pointing at him to behave Kelly went to her door and opened it. Shock found her giant Master grinning through the glass, looking at the busted area from last week and nodding his approval of a job well done in fixing it. It was thoughtful of him to have a friend come fix it and leaving her cash to pay the man. Honorable even under authority was a good trait.
As Dominic stood up he brought a second surprise around to share with her loyal gaze. Speaking of flowers, there stood a not so always gentle giant holding a dozen red roses. Smiling brightly she opened the storm door and accepted his gift which included a kneel before him first.
"Get your ass up. Just a social call. You been gettin' sun?" He notes her amazing body in her blue and green bikini. As she rises she smells her roses and awaits further commands. Stepping inside Dom ushered the roses in her hand held out at arms length then picks her body up in one mighty arm to kiss her. She melted in his grasp losing her grip on the roses letting them fall to the floor to enable her to caress his cheek.
Moving from the kitchen area to spy on them better Sable and Travis admire their moment of peace. Travis grumbled regardless and stepped in. Worried he might do something stupid Sable tried to grab his arm but he pulled from her attempted grasp and marched right over to the making out couple. Instead of bitching or interfering in their intimacy Travis bent down and snatched up the red roses and twirled in step handing them to Sable with his own set of puckered lips. Giggling she took the roses and kissed him right in front of the adults. It took her breath away. It was fun roleplaying!
Breaking their own emotional moment Dom lowered Kelly and held her to his side watching the teens play Romeo and Juliet. Kelly peered up at Dom smiling at his newfound attitude, maybe there was hope in him after all. He was looking uncomfortable over his roses being given away but bit his tongue, his own growl enough to let Kelly know he was agitated. A pat to his tight six pack abs he calmed his snarl.
Kelly asked permission with her eyes to abandon her Master's side, he releasing his hand from her hip in a glimmer of understanding. Taking a step toward them Kelly gently claimed the flowers from Sable before she too dropped them to the floor. Plucking a single rose out of the dozen Kelly puts it back into Sable's hand, not once did the teenagers break their kiss. One rose was sufficient. Smiling at their cute union Kelly winked at Dominic and motioned that she was going to put the flowers in a vase of water.
Dominic feeling awkward notes Sable open one eye to catch him staring at them, seeing her merely wink then seals her eyelid again to enjoy her moment. Recognition not immediate Dom realized that she was Henry McKellen's kid. Considering his co-venture in sharing control over Kelly Herbert it sank in how troublesome this could all become as time went on. Of course, the kids didn't know of their agreement to own Kelly, so perhaps not. The future would be left as a tell tale sign when the time arose.
Kiss finally ending the teens press their foreheads together and relish in the others thoughts. With Kelly returning with a vase of water, rose stems drinking deeply she sits the flowers on her coffee table and admires them. Dominic admiring Kelly's tight ass behind her bikini bottoms even more. He needed that ass, but part of him opted to hold out. He could easily order her to her bedroom and they could fuck but he also knew how she felt about doing things in front of her son. Normally, he wouldn't have given a shit but since he and Henry McKellen had spoke his reality was changing slightly. He did care for Kelly, her son was all she had so that meant accepting him too. Vice versa if it were meant to ever go further.
Trances broken Travis eyed the single rose in Sable's hand then let his eyes drift to his mother toying with the remaining roses to find what she thought was the best portrayal of petals in their final pose. Realizing Dom was behind him he dared to look at the giant and swallowed dryly.
"Sup Dude?" He coughed up.
"Not much. You?" Dom kept it simple.
"Thanks for fixing the window I broke."
"Reckon it was my fault."
"Both our faults. I...don't like you but you make Mom happy...sooo...I'll tolerate. Just don't hurt her or I'll get a ladder and punch you in the nose." Sable wanted to giggle but masked her mouth with a hand.
Dom nodded with a fidget then stepped closer to peer down at Travis. Taking a risk Dom picks the boy up and meets eyes face to face. "Go for it." Trying for a sneer Travis doubled up his fist and just tapped Dom on the nose.
"Next time it's harder." Dom chuckled at the boys bravado even in shying from a true punch. Setting him back on his feet Dom produced his own fist and echoed it in front of Trav, seeing not anger they fist bumped and left it at that.
"To new beginnings?" Kelly found courage to overpower her Master in verse.
"Works for me. How about you tough guy?" Dom smirks.
Saving Travis, Sable offers up, "You should hire this guy to go to school and deal justice for what they did to you...us." Using his hand to sever talk on that subject to save face Travis rolled his eyes.
"What happened?" Dom winced removing his Stetson and resting it on Kelly's head as she returned to his side.
"Nothing."
"Some bullies humiliated him in front of the entire school." Kelly made things worse. "He was stripped naked and tied..."
"MOOOOOOOOOOM!" Trav grew agitated.
"I told Travis he should ask you to give him self defense lessons seeing as you know Taekwondo." Kelly fawned with a mental plea through her eyes.
"I can do that. Might give him a chance to get rid of his frustration using me as a practice dummy." Dom puckered his lower lip. "If not me I can enroll you at my Goddaughter's Dojo."
"You have a Goddaughter?" Kelly looked surprised, "I didn't know that."
"Probably know less still, one day at a crime." He chuckled.
"Crime? You a convict?" Travis narrowed his eyes.
"Nope! Probably should be but I did my time overseas. Just one tour and I got out." He confided, "Long story not today."
"You should take lessons Travis. It might make people look at you differently." Sable prompted by touching his shoulder as if being supportive.
"Maybe. I do own Nunchucks."
"You don't need Nunchucks." Dom laughed briefly, "You just need to know hand and feet defense. Pressure points and such. Tell you what...if you want I can take you to meet Princess and she can give you a tour of her Dojo. If you like what she has to offer I'll even pay for lessons."
"That's sweet of you Master." Kelly spoke up, Sable bulging her eyes at the term of ownership. This was a first for Sable in knowing the full details of their relationship. She was certainly intrigued but kept it to herself.
"His name is Dominic." Trav insisted.
"Stop that throbbin' blood vessel in your temple Kid." Dom scowled, "It is what it is. Some things you need to accept. All I'm doing is giving you a step up in the world."
"I don't need your help. Fuck you!" Trav retaliated and grabbed Sable's hand, "Let's go to my room and talk." Sable followed but looked back at the adults with concern. Kelly motioned to the girl that it was alright. On his way upstairs Travis stops halfway and turns to peer back at Sable, "You're my Princess." Melt on Bro. Melt on.
Downstairs Dom and Kelly talk normally, he giving her free reign to speak considering. "I'm sorry Master."
"Dom."
"You...wish me to refer to you by name?"
"For the moment. He's right...hell, you're right. From here on keep the Master confined to only sex and when I give you commands. Around the boy...call me Dom."
"Yes Mas-Dom." She smiled and held him close. It was new beginnings all the way around. Fuck that McKellen guy and his wisdom. Dom was still a part of wisDOM.
********
"OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOD!!" Piper was still going on at Henry's physical destruction over her holes. He had her ass in the air and was now nailing her anally, hair tugged back forcing her reality to depart after three orgasms in a row. There was no stopping this man. THANK GOD!
Unable to contain himself Mace nutted in the hallway leaving track marks on Piper's wall for a second time. Ignoring them Mace needed air to calm wanting to keep jerking off. Stepping outside the front door he realized something. Josie's car was missing, he knew where Sable and Henry were, that meant..."Dakota's by herself. She did kiss me today..." A moment of reflection Mace darted next door and did just what Henry had done, he walked right in on stealth mode. Dead silence at first Mace concluded Dakota was upstairs. Taking the steps one at a time he heard a muffled, "I love how you kiss me." He paused contemplating, "Is she talking about me?"
Easing higher until he reached the top step he discovered his line of sight and located Dakota laying naked on her bed masturbating. Acting as if she were kissing an invisible lover Mace grinned. "Holy crap! She must really be into me." Fondling his dick watching her moan he pictured fucking Dakota, but knew she was a virgin. If he walked in there and offered her the loss it might ruin things. Instead he just observed. At least she wasn't mumbling, "Oh Daddy."
"I need you. I want you to take my virginity." She shocked his ears.
"No way!" He pondered, tempted to let her in on his being there but something just made him freeze up. He even gave up jerking off and put it away. Feeling lousy for spying on her he only listened to her delightful squeals as she released herself.
"Thank you for taking me...I should clean up before Mom comes home." Dakota talks to her transparent lover. "I hope you keep kissing me."
"I can do that." Mace smirked to himself. Hearing the downstairs door open Mace panicked, as did Dakota. Dakota sat up in bed then ran for her closet seeking attire. She had a hunch her Father was coming home from his walk but after hearing a woman's singing voice she knew it was Josie. While Josie was tossing her keys into a bowl by the sofa Mace had very few options and darted into Henry and Josie's bedroom knowing they had a balcony that he could jump down from to escape. However, if Henry was looking he would see through Piper's window and know he was in his home. That left a dilemma opening the balcony door quietly he looked down into Piper's bedroom. "Crap! He's looking right this way. I drop I'm a goner."
Admiring his Aunt's eyes rolled white also facing his way he growled, "Best seat in the theater and I can't even watch." He hesitantly snuck back in and left the balcony door wide open. Footsteps making the journey North, Mace glared about for his best option. Very few options he knew he was too large to hide under Josie's bed. He couldn't get past her at this point and hide in Sable's bedroom either. Bathroom not an option because there was no where to duck if she went in there to use it.
"Closet!" He rushed into the walk-in and crouched behind clothing. Her clothing unlike the Twin's on Henry's side of the closet a week ago. A tight fit behind Josie's arsenal of outfits he barricaded himself in the best he could. Hoping to hear Dakota stop Josie with conversation his luck ran out, Josie entered her bedroom and shut the door locking it. Immediately undressing he caught glimpses of the brunette bombshell's full nudity touching herself here and there giggling.
"I'm sooo dirty." She laughed at herself, "Reese left me a sweaty mess, and I didn't even get his cum on me. So not right that Mimi got it instead, but I should be grateful she was covering for me with Roman." Even in a low vocalization Mace heard her admissions. "I still got Roman's so that's good enough until morning. I have to set my alarm early to meet him before dawn." Mace was blown away.
As she sat on her bed to preset her alarm her cellphone rang, "Roman?" She noted the caller and stood up to unlock her door and listen. "Everyone must be gone. Not a peep." She shuts her door relocking it for security. The only peep was Mace peeping at her beauty, his dick in hand stroking. Dakota must have played coy and hid herself away too.
"Miss me so soon?" Josie answered Roman. Listening intently Mace could hear his voice in the distance. "Yes I'm ready to be pushed beyond my limits." She giggled, "What did you have in mind? I could probably miss my college class to meet you. Where? Oh, yes I know the Church, pick me up there and I'll ride with you to the Hotel. My thoughts? I've always had this crazy fantasy of being blindfolded, something in my ears so I can't recognize some dark stranger taking me without my knowing who. It has to be someone new, someone I'm not familiar with to really trip my trigger. I trust you Roman, you will make a good choice. Golly, I adore you for doing this to help our love life. I'm going to shower while Henry and the kids are gone. I'll see you tomorrow Baby."
Hanging up Josie notes her balcony door ajar and steps to it preparing to close it when she hears a shrill feminine scream. Knowing Piper's voice she paused and dared to step out on her balcony in the nude. Looking over the railing into Piper's window she found Henry wailing away harder than Josie had ever witnessed him. "That asshole. He's never been that violent toward me." The more she watched the hotter she got, touching herself, unable to look anywhere but at what her husband was doing with her best friend. Regardless of Piper saying she had no intention of pursuing Henry so as not to make their sexual encounters a regular thing, it was obvious she could not resist her man. Nor could Josie resist a close eye.
Mace hearing Josie moan held his breath and crawled silently on all fours to watch Mrs. McKellen from behind, her tight ass begging to be caressed, fingers prowling her pussy from beneath her stance was a vision Mace just couldn't escape. Staying low Mace began jerking off again. There seemed to be a competition brewing. Fierce competition at that.
********
"Are we meeting at Mace's Saturday night for movies?" Travis Herbert asked Sable as he led her into his bedroom and shut the door for privacy. Exploring his things she stepped from one hobby piece to another. Accidently touching his computer's mouse his monitor lit up to a pleasant surprise. Sable's yearbook photo was his screen saver.
"You...put me on your monitor?"
"Yep! That way I can look into your eyes every day." He grinned like a goofball.
"Awww! Maybe I'll put yours on mine and replace the Jonas Brothers."
"Those old farts?" He laughed.
She giggled and moved around the room until she noted his telescope. "Oooo! I want to see what you see when you spy in my bedroom window." She opens his balcony door and steps out to a late afternoon breeze. Giddy at being on the flipside of her life she let him focus the telescope lens on her bedroom. Of course her room was empty and lifeless, no fun at all other than knowing how clear and up close he could see her if she stood there dancing for him. "Gosh! You could almost reach out and touch me."
As she bent looking through the eye piece Travis pinched her butt cheek beneath the jean shorts upper hem. "Touch you...like that?" She yelped and swatted his hand blushing, "Yes like that." Bored with her lifeless room she turned the camera toward Piper's home hoping to find Mace somewhere acting all stud. Travis there or not, her thoughts on Mace Belmont were still fresh in her mind from he watching her walk clear down the block. It made her wet just picturing him again. What Travis didn't know, couldn't ruin their crushes.
What Sable found was far more intriguing. Peering at Piper's bedroom out of focus she paused to adjust it. "Piper's having sex with someone." Uncertain who at first until she zoomed in then dropped her jaw upon recognition. "Daddy?" She mumbled as Travis avoids his gaze from outside toward the noise coming up the stairs. He knew that Dom and his mother were going to her bedroom and pinched the bridge of his nose out of defeat. Giving up he heard his mother laughing and Dom huff, "Get over here Woman." The tone of voice made Travis look toward Sable thinking, "Should I start saying that to Sable?"
In observing Henry and Piper's hardcore sex Sable grew upset slightly. She knew very well her parents were open in their marriage now, and that Josie had engaged in bi-sexual antics with Piper, but this was her Dad. His c-worker Tessa was one thing but now Piper? Sable loved Piper but this moment bothered her. Why was her Father...fucking her...so hard, so ferociously, so..."
"Is that your Mom naked on her balcony?"
Sable turned the telescope and located her parents balcony, "Mom?" She was touching herself watching her Father destroying Piper. It was impossible not to watch either parent, moving the scope back and forth between them. Whimpering at the visuals Sable was glued to what was unfolding. Maybe now she understood why Travis was such a pervert. She might be right for him after all.
"Let me see." Trav coaxed her but she just swatted his hand. Travis had to chuckle, "That's my girl." Pride indeed.
In their final moments Henry pulled out over Piper, tossing her yet again on her back facing right directly at the Herbert home. Without looking out he jerked off vividly in a tyrannical manner and nutted large milky quantities of jizz all over Piper's body, even into her mouth. Zooming in further Sable saw his urethra literally spitting cum, she found herself in awe of how much he had in him. Not her first time seeing her Father do that, yet never right into her face. Sort of! The visual was so close it appeared that way.
"OH MY GOD!" Sable huffed and gave Travis a haunted expression. What she found was Travis himself jerking off behind her cheeks. "Stop that." She swatted at him, her fingers slightly grazing his crown which embarrassed her. Hearing her Mother in the distance Sable turned away and rotated the camera to see her Mom holding her rail for dear life and obviously cumming hard. "OH MY GOD!" round two escaped Sable's lips.
Watching Josie end her moment and go back inside she drew back to watch her Father and Piper fucking again, "OH MY GOD!" Where did her Father find his strength? Piper looked weary. One last dart toward her home with the telescope Sable found Josie missing obviously done and gone inside. A moment longer she witnessed Mace step out on her parents balcony, climbing over carefully and dropping to the ground. "OH MY GOD!" She yelped for a fourth time. This was all too much. Giving up on the telescope she turned to face Travis just as he shot his own load over her right leg. Eyes bulging at the actions she looked up at him, then down at her wet leg for a fifth, "OH MY GOD!" Wiping his jizz off her leg she winced at the cum on her fingers and wiped it on his shirt. Turning tail to run he felt badly.
"See you at school in the morning. Can I get a ride?"
"Yes." She snapped back with a pout, "Saturday at Piper's too." She shivered. "I have to go home." Blowing him a kiss without thinking about which hand she used she felt his wet cum on her chin from a missed spot. Eyes flaring she just turned around and went down the hallway.
Hearing Kelly whispering, Sable eased her ajar door open a tad to say goodbye only to find both Kelly and Dom naked. In their current position Kelly was on her knees ass high and Dominic was taking her from behind. Sable could literally witness his massive cock easing in and out of her over Kelly's pried apart ass cheeks. Not noticing her intrusion Sable crept back out and mumbled her thought on seeing Dominic. "Oh my God!" Sex...Six!
She was talking to God all the way home.
A pity it wasn't the gospel that filled her thoughts.