Just a little background about us, my wife (Kiki) and I have been married for 5 years. She is a beautiful sexy blonde in her early 30s. I'm in my late 30s. She has an amazing figure on her frame (5'4" and 125 pounds) with supple 34 DD breasts. We both have enjoyed some exhibitionism of showing her off in the past. She wears low cut tops with mini skirts and sheer shirts without a bra. I probably have enjoyed showing her off more than she did at first, but now she is starting to really enjoy it. I love watching the reaction men get trying not to stare when they see her pass with a semi-transparent shirt on and no bra. On long road trips, I have had her ease the passenger seat back and ride topless so all the truckers would get to enjoy the view. More on those stories later...this story takes place at the beach.
We live near the water. There are a couple places on a strip of beach where cars can pull off the road and are able to view the sunset or do some fishing. Most people who stop are mainly just some random fishermen showing up for a few hours to try their luck. Well...we drive by this one semi secluded location at the beach all the time and I thought I should get something for Kiki to wear if we ever stop there. So, I bought my wife a swimsuit from Malibu Strings. It is a mesh bathing suit top with a thong bottom. I purchased a small top which just barely covers her nipples of her 34DD chest. When she has the top on her tits are overflowing from both sides. She loves how big her tits look in the top. She has a great apple bottom ass that just swallows up the small string between her ass cheeks. So I ask her if she would like to take her new swimsuit out and put it on display in public. She isn't sure she feels brave enough to wear it out.
So early one Saturday morning I made a couple early cocktails for my wife. Kiki was feeling pretty good having drunk a couple of drinks. So, I asked her if she wanted to go put on the new swimsuit and layout at the beach. She had a little twinkle in her eye and said, "Yes!" I was so excited. We pulled up to a spot on the beach near some trees and laid a blanket down. Kiki stood up and removed her beach cover up. I was shocked myself at how big her tits looked in the top and how hot she looked. The area had a lot of cars going by but very few stopped and she was pretty hidden from anyone seeing her. Unless you stopped near the spot to go fishing or just check out the view you wouldn't see her. So, we were lying out for about and hour when I decided to wander into the water to cool off a little. Out in the water, I look back and I see a SUV driving by real slow circling around our area. I'm not sure what he was planning to do when he originally turned in but he must have liked what he saw. He drove around some more and parked between two palm trees about 20 feet away. He was positioned to be looking directly at my wife. He had a direct view of her tits straining to come free from a top that was way too small. He must have thought he hit the jackpot with Kiki lying out and nobody else around her. I realizing what was going on decided to stay out in the water and stay out his line of sight. While I stayed out in the water Kiki decided to roll over on to her stomach. From the side, it looked like she had two small strings covering her. Kiki's lovely ass was glistening in the sun. Her thong was so small that I'm sure it looked like she had nothing between her ass cheeks.
After about fifteen minutes I decided to turn it up a notch. I could tell that our visitor was really enjoying the view. So, I approached my wife and whispered into her ear that she had an admirer. She asked where he was sitting. I told her he was about twenty feet away sitting in his SUV. I asked her if she wanted to put on a real show. Kiki asked, "What is in it for me?" I told her she could pick out any restaurant she wanted to go to dinner to that night. She smiled and decided to lie back down on her stomach. I wasn't sure why she smiled but the restaurant offer must have done the trick. She turned her head towards me and said, "Undo the back of my top". She didn't have to tell me twice. So, I undid her top and admired how hot she looked with just a tiny thong swimsuit on. After a few minutes of admiring her, I decided to get up and walk around to give our friend an unobstructed view.
As I was out in the water, I looked back at my wife saw she had decided to flip over!! She was propped up on her elbows soaking up the sun. Her delicious tits were completely exposed. She was putting on an amazing show at a public beach. She was at about a forty five degree angle now from where the SUV was sitting. He had to be getting a great side view of my wife's lovely tits on full display. I immediately got rock hard looking at her tits and the sweat dripping off of them. Kiki always turns me on but knowing that she was showing off for some random stranger made it more intense. I continued to walk around while my wife was sunning topless. I then saw a boat go by in shallow water with the fisherman casting his fishing line. The funny thing was I swear they didn't look at where he was casting his fishing line but he was staring right at Kiki's tits. I came up to Kiki and told her we better get going before we get arrested. She smiled and said "Ok". She then stood up with and slowly pulled her cover up on. Her tits jiggled as she took about ten seconds to get into the cover up. We packed up the rest of our gear and drove away. I was so hard and Kiki was turned on by the attention she got showing off. She bent over towards me in the car and took my shorts down. She started to suck on my hard cock as I raced home to fuck her very wet pussy. I told her how hard she made me all day putting on a show. She took a break from licking and sucking my cock telling me she loved to tease men and one day she might find a boy toy at the beach she would want to take home and fuck. I immediately exploded in her hand as she told me this. Wow...what a day at the beach!!!!