(This is a short one, but I'm planning to make it multiple chapters. Let me know what you think.)
***
Being one of the few male teachers at a women's college tends to garner me a lot of attention. Granted, I would never act on that attention with any of the students. The students seem to want otherwise though, a few of them try desperately to trip me up. With several students wearing incredibly short skirts and very low cut shirts. The innuendo and suggestive remarks don't help either.
Brownard university is very remote, so I don't have any options for relationships during the school year. This means, I'm sorry to say, that my porn life is very active. There are several teachers here that I would love to date, or even just screw around with, but there is a zero tolerance policy for fraternization among staff.
I get the sense that the other teachers are just as hard up as I am though. There have been many times that I have felt eyed up and down by some of the other teachers. They try to recover quickly and look away as soon as I notice, but I do notice. Just like they probably notice my longing glances too.
One teacher, an art teacher from across the hall, Alexis Fields, is particularly of note to me. She has curly red hair, shoulder length, piercing blue eyes, and a very nice pair of breasts. She isn't shy about them either with the loose fitting and low cut tops she wears. I would guess she was probably in the G range, but I'm no expert on bra sizes.
Anyways, the university was stretched tight with sexual tension. Some of my more exhibitionist of students would frequently wear short skirts. One in particular, Evie, especially liked using them to show off her panties with writing on the front. You could only see them if you were standing in front of her while she was sitting.
For example, if you were the teacher of her class maybe. Eyes naturally gravitate towards words anyways, but when those words are, "Lick Me" and they are on a sexy twenty year old blondes panties, they are nearly impossible to avoid.
Evie was disruptive in other ways too. She was constantly making filthy innuendo, licking her lips suggestively whenever I called on her, and sucking on her pencil in a very suggestive manor. The most ostentatious thing she would do in class was run a finger in circles on her shirt where here nipple would be.
She would be mildly covert about it, but it was still intensely erotic. I'm ashamed to say, that some of her antics actually forced me to excuse myself to the bathroom on a couple occasions to rub one out.
Today was going to be extraordinarily bad, because I teach anatomy and physiology, and we were going over reproductive organs today. And it was worse than I could ever imagine.
It started off with endless jokes about sex and the male anatomy. She was purposefully trying to fluster me. She asked a question about blowjob techniques, followed by pantomiming the action. Another student asked if nipple piercings made them less sensitive. Evie chimed in, saying that her's tripled her sensitivity, and that they doubled the number of orgasms that she typically had.
I called her down time and time again, but she kept coming back with more. What finally pushed me over the edge, was when she asked for a real life model of an erect penis. Looking back, I know this was a horrible idea, but I had had enough, also, I was already dancing around uncomfortably trying to hide my tent. Finally, I think all of the porn skewed my perception of reality a little.
"Fine! Is that what you want?" I walked up to her desk, unzipped my fly, fished out my penis, and flopped it on her desk. A drop of precum flung out in the process and landed on her cheek.
Her eyes went wide with surprise, but a smile crept across her face. I turned and started pacing up and down each aisle so that each girl could get a good look. And they did look. The hunger in their eyes made me worry one of them might try to bite it off.
"Is this what all of you wanted? With the way you tease me. This is what happens when you wear panties that say, "Tasty", or lean down at my desk to show me that you aren't wearing a bra." I stepped back to the front of the class and looked at Evie again. "This, Evie, is what an erect penis looks like. Now, since you are the apparent expert on blowjobs, why don't you show all of the other girls how it is done."
I expected her to back down. She was supposed to blush in embarrassment and apologize. What she actually did, was straight out of my wildest fantasies. She used her finger to wipe up the precum on her cheek, and then she sucked it off of her finger. I nearly came right then.
Then she stood up and sauntered over towards me. "Woah, I was just trying to make a point, I didn't mean for you to actually do it." I said holding out my hands.
"I don't mind." She said in a seductive voice, with one of her lips cocked upwards into a half smile.
I decided it was time to get firm. "Sit down. We are not doing this." I started to try to reholster my shaft into my pants, but it wasn't ready to go.
The smile disappeared, and was followed up by a sinister expression. "Oh yes, we are. Unless you want me to tell the dean about you exposing yourself to the entire class, and about how you came on my face."
I felt a sinking sensation in my stomach. If this got out, I would not only lose this prestigious and well paying job, but I would be blacklisted from all schools. "Please, don't." I begged.
The smile was back, but her eyes still had their devilish look. "Don't worry, you'll enjoy this, and then we'll enjoy this." She gently caressed my undershaft when she said this.
Once I caught my breath, I said, "We can't."
Evie got down on her knees in front of me and said, "We can do whatever we want, as long as no one finds out. And we aren't going to tell anyone, are you?"
I shook my head in fear as she opened her mouth wide and took me in completely. Not a single part of her mouth touched me, until all seven inches were within her. Then she slowly closed around me. All parts of my shaft felt her moist warmth at once. It was like nothing I had ever experienced before.
I'd received oral before, but nothing like this. Granted, I might have just gone without for so long, that it felt better than any other suck I had before. But Evie definitely did have an innate talent.
I felt the gentle suction as her lips slid backwards toward my tip. Her tongue swirled around me as she went. It felt as though her mouth had a spin cycle and she had it on a slow setting.
Once she came off of the tip, she tickled my hole with her tongue. Then swirled it around my circumcised tip. I felt the hairs on my arms raise and my testicles began to contract. I was about to cum. She somehow intuited it, and so she gently massaged my testicles to unload my gun.
Her doing this made me think she was going to drag this out for a while, but I was wrong. Without warning she engulfed me again before I even knew what happened. Then she was bobbing up and down so fast that her blonde head seemed to begin to blur. That could have simply been me getting light headed from the blood suddenly rushing to my groin.
She must have seen me started to stagger, because she took my hands and made me grasp the back of her head. I gripped the back of her skull and started humping her face like it was my own personal sex toy.
I came so fast that it surprised even me. I didn't mean to hold her head down and shoot load after load into her throat, instinct just took over. And as soon as I shot my last wad, I let go and began to apologize profusely.
To my surprise, she didn't pull off of me. The few of my previous girlfriends who were willing to blow me, were never willing to swallow. This girl not only swallowed every drop, but she kept me in her mouth until I was soft again.
"Good to the last drop." She joked. "I had to make sure nothing else wanted to drip out and leave any stains." She packed me away herself before standing.
She smiled an uncharacteristically sweet smile and began to explain. "We are just as sex starved up here as you are, so this is what is going to happen. You are going to start offering after school tutoring in here. If the girl coming for tutoring says that she wants extra credit in sex education, then that means that she wants sex. She gets to decide the type. This is a win win situation, because you will get to cum too, instead of leaving class to rub one out in the bathroom. And yes, we all knew that was what you were doing."
I felt embarrassed that it was that obvious. I also knew that this couldn't continue, as much as I would like it too. "I'm sorry, this is to risky. I could lose my job."
Evie gently cupped my cheek and smiled at me sweetly. "It's even riskier if you don't. Samantha was filming us on her phone. If you don't obey, then we will post this online and send a copy to the dean." With that, she went back to her seat
I felt an odd mix of emotions. I was excited at the prospect of so much sex, but I also felt nervous and trapped because I had no choice now.
The bell rang and everyone got up to leave. Evie walked up to me again and said, "By the way, I'll be coming by this afternoon for your tutoring. And I'll be wanting some extra credit in sex education." She smiled and walked to the door. Right before she left, she lifted the back of her skirt and lowered her panties just enough so that I could see her exquisite butt. Then she dropped her skirt back into place but left the panties askew.
I was already starting to get hard again. Maybe this won't be so bad after all. I thought. I was tempted to expose myself to my next class to see what kind of results I could get again. But I decided it wasn't worth the risk. Especially since I had a sure thing that afternoon.
To be continued.