KNOWLEDGE OF THE SPORT OF SNOOKER WOULD HELP IN MAKING THIS STORY MORE INTERESTING. SOME NAMES HAVE BEEN CHANGED, SLIGHTLY*
Vicky Hoare made her way to the baggage carousel to pick up her luggage at Heathrow Airport. Her manager, Al 'Seedy' Seamen, was waiting for her outside in a hired car. They greeted each other, then he drove to the house they always stayed at. Al glanced at her and said,
"We've been getting plenty of media attention. If you can get through those 3 qualifiers, it'll fucking explode. Even back home."
"That's all good. Although, it'll be a miracle if I can get through those qualifiers. I've never even played a 2 session match. I need to put in some serious practice," Replied Vicky.
Vicky Hoare was a 23 year old girl from Las Vegas who had made her name as a pool player. Her success in that sport had led to some appearances in certain men's magazines. The sight of her in skimpy bikinis had only enhanced her popularity. She divided opinion amongst women. Older women thought she was trashy, flaunting her body at every opportunity. The younger generation seemed to admire her brash confidence. It was a middle finger to male chauvinism, and a thumbs up to modern feminism.
Vicky didn't have a problem with showing off her body. She'd always been used to men drooling over her. At one time, she'd even considered modeling full time. She wasn't short on offers to do photo shoots. All of them offering 6 figures. She didn't mind taking advantage of her awesome figure. But, she didn't want to be written off as a bimbo, like most girls who did glamor modeling. Just because she was a gorgeous, highly sexual woman, some people just assumed she couldn't be taken seriously. It was generally a male point of view.
Although, even without the sexy modeling pictures, that point of view would still have been a prevalent one. Vicky was a 5ft 6" blonde with big double D breasts. She was curvaceous, and had a flirtatious personality. She was a highly skilled pool player. But, her critics often cited her penchant for courting controversy. She was known for wearing revealing outfits in her matches. And her interviews were always anticipated. She rarely held back, often to the point of being blunt. She also had a habit of using sexual innuendos in her pre and post match interviews.
At the age of 21, she was making a comfortable living from playing pool and the occasional modeling shoot. Then, on a tour of Canada, she'd come across the game of snooker. She knew of the sport, of course, but she'd never really studied it, or even played the game. The table was daunting. 12ft by 6ft, and played with 21 larger balls. It was by far more tactical than pool. In fact, comparisons were ridiculous. It was like comparing chequers to chess. The more she learned, the more pool seemed like a silly game played on a toy table with bucket pockets.
When she got back to Las Vegas, she immediately invested in a brand new snooker table for $17,000. When she told Al Seamen she was interested in switching to snooker, he was aghast. He'd said,
"Nobody plays snooker in North America. We'd have to move to Europe. It's a professional game over there. And I'm pretty sure there's no money in the women's game. Let's stick to what we know. You picked up over $500,000 in total profits last year. This is a bad idea."
Of course, she knew that Al was protecting his 10 per cent.
"I'm not saying I'm going to be the world champion or anything. I just want to give it a shot. Pool's like a kids game compared to snooker. I'm not saying we switch forever. But, I want to see how far I can go. Look, for the time being, I want you to look into it, while I put in some practice and familiarize myself with the rules of the game," Replied Vicky, unwaveringly. Al had been a big help in her career. But, he was a money man. He wouldn't understand her need to achieve a sporting goal that superseded financial considerations.
Al Seamen had acquired the nickname, Seedy, because of his methods of creating media interest in his clients. There was always a perceived sexual element to their personalities. Vicky was currently his biggest client. It was his ideas that had elevated her to B list fame. He'd come up with her nickname, The Vegas Vixen. The revealing outfits had been her idea. But, it fell into line with his own plans to create a degree of notoriety. Even the website he'd had set up for her was a money maker. She had over 5 million subscribers, worldwide.
VegasVixen.com had all manner of information about Vicky Hoare. There was a weekly diary that she wrote herself. She even wrote about her personal life. Al encouraged her to include sexual innuendos. And he advised her to omit mentioning serious boyfriends. That could have a detrimental effect. A single girl was more popular than one in a relationship. There were photo galleries, calendars and even auctions for items of her clothing. In an auction for a pair of her panties, one fan had paid $2,000 for them. Some of the items weren't even genuine. Al would shrug and say, "What's the difference?"
Vicky started putting in the practice at home on her new table. She had to knock out a wall to place the table in an accessible position. Initially, knocking in long pots was almost impossible. After playing pool for so long, a snooker table seemed gigantic. The worst thing was not having anyone to practice with, because no one she knew even played the game. She soon realized the problems she would have in a match. At 5ft 6" she would have trouble reaching some shots. Instead of constantly using the rest implement, she started playing some shots left handed.
Women who played pool and snooker generally couldn't generate the same kind of power as a man. The problem was magnified on a 12ft table. Vicky had a 2 piece cue built for her specific needs. All cues had lead weights inside the butt end. She had a single lead weight inserted inside the entire length of the butt end. This made the cue much heavier, and she could generate power without putting her whole upper body into thrusting the cue. She really needed a practice partner, though. Playing on your own soon became tedious.
Al Seamen soon returned with his report on the professional set up.
"Well, it's not going to be easy. There's no money or coverage of the women's tour. A couple of women have got onto the men's tour. I don't think any of them got beyond the second round in any tournament. One interesting thing is the guy who runs the World Snooker Tour. His name is Barry Hearnia, and he's all about expanding the sport and bringing in more revenue. He used to manage that ginger guy, Davis. He's someone I can deal with. The Vegas Vixen could generate a lot of interest in the snooker world," He said, pensively.
One month later, Barry Hearnia received an email from the USA. He leaned back in his office chair as he read it. Vicky Hoare? He'd heard of the girl. Some kind of glamor model who played pool. It was an interesting story. Apparently, she now had ambitions of playing on the World Snooker Tour. And not the women's tour, either. Hearnia had been a promoter, and he could see the possibilities. Although, it would be a moot point if she couldn't play. He did a quick internet search on her. Wow! She was media gold. She had sex appeal coming out of every pore. He began typing a reply to Al Seamen's email.
The next day in Las Vegas, Al Seamen drove to Vicky's house. She opened the door, cue in hand. By now, she'd found a practice partner. He was a guy named Jim who played in a pool hall. The place had one snooker table, and Jim was easily the best player there. She was willing to pay him for his time. But, he knew who she was, and he was more than happy to spend a couple of hours every evening playing her. Vicky had to dress down for his visits. Too much flesh on display seemed to hinder his ability to concentrate.
Al walked in and looked at the table. Every time he saw this huge snooker table, the whole idea seemed insane. He eventually said,
"I got a reply from Barry Hearnia. He's not opposed to the idea. Obviously, it all boils down to your ability. The WST would love to crack the North American market. But, at the moment, it's a hard sell. They need a foothold, and you could help achieve that. Hearnia wants to see a video of you playing, before he commits to anything. But, as chairman of the governing body, he can hand out a tour wildcard."
Vicky was potting consecutive balls as her break reached 32. Jim respotted the black ball as she walked around the table, and replied,
"We can organize the video. My best break is up to 48. I haven't beaten Jim yet. But, I will. I just wish I'd taken the game up as a kid."
"So, what do you think, Jim? Has she got any potential?" Asked Al.
"Definitely. The transition from pool is huge. You don't play trick shots in snooker. It's all about cue ball control. I've been playing for years, and Vicky's nearly as good as me, already. As the saying goes, practice makes perfect," He replied, seriously.
Vicky missed a black on 41. She cursed, clearly frustrated. Her game was rapidly improving playing against Jim. He loved the game, and was a very good player. That was fairly impressive, given the fact that no one at the pool hall could even give him a decent game. They usually played about 5 frames an evening. Once she started winning frames, she decided they would play best of 5. As an added incentive, she would give him a blowjob if he won. She definitely didn't want him going easy on her. That would guarantee his best performance.
A month later, they were evenly matched. Jim arrived at her house after work. Before they started, Vicky suddenly said,
"Ok, Jim, let's make it more interesting. We'll play a best of 5 match. If I win, you'll have to wash and wax my car...naked. If you win, I'll give you a blowjob."
His eyes widened in surprise. Was she joking? He finally replied,
"There's no need for extreme stakes like that. Besides, I've got a girlfriend. Maybe we can play for something less provocative."
Vicky could see his mind weighing up her offer. Smiling, she said,
"A girlfriend, huh? You can't see much of her. I don't want to upset your relationship with her, and it won't. As long as you can keep a secret. I thought men liked cheating on their partners."
Jim was thinking about what he wanted to do, and what he should do.
"Look, I just want your best game. And this will guarantee it. I can see your brain ticking over. Let's be honest, Jim, you're definitely up for it. Unless you're religious, or morally uptight, I don't see a problem," She added casually, as if it was an unimportant issue.
Jim went silent for quite a while, before he eventually mumbled,
"Ok, we'll see how it goes."
He was feeling a little conflicted during the match, and was off his game. Vicky beat him 3-1, and decided against making him honor the bet. Clearly, he needed some time to think about all this.
"Tell you what, my car's looking ok today. You can go home to lick your wounds. Have a think about it. Bring your best game tomorrow, and if you're up for it, maybe I'LL be licking your wounds," She sultrily said.
The next day, Jim seemed more positive about the bet. He said,
"You caught me by surprise, yesterday. After giving it some thought, I think I can live with the consequences. And I can recommend a good carwash in town. I hope your mouth can do more than talk big."
"Don't worry about that. If I lose the bet, you'll be lucky to last 60 seconds," Replied Vicky with unreserved confidence in herself. Jim grinned as he prepared to break off. After a night of thinking about the bet, he decided it was impossible to refuse the chance of a blowjob from Vicky Hoare. Plenty of men would sacrifice a limb for even the remotest possibility of one.
The match turned out to be a scrappy affair. It wasn't the type of snooker either of them enjoyed. At least it would sharpen up Vicky's tactical game. It went to a deciding frame, which she won on the final red. Jim wanted to play on to try and recover 11 penalty points.
"Fuck that! No playing on for 3 snookers. We could be here all night if you play on for 3 snookers or more. The maximum is 2, or the frame's done. Now, when do you want to pay up, now or tomorrow?" Said Vicky, unwilling to risk her winning position.
Jim considered the choice. Vicky's house was fairly isolated. But her closest neighbor had a dog, and she could come around the bend to see him washing her car in the nude, looking like a male stripper hired for her birthday. He needed time to build himself up for the event. Although, in all honesty, he hadn't expected to lose. It seemed somewhat hubristic, given her abilities. He just thought that when it mattered, he would produce the goods. He eventually replied,
"I'll do it tomorrow, before we play. This is way outside my comfort zone."
The next evening, Vicky brought a chair outside to sit in as she watched. She'd made them both a strong drink. Jim finished his in 3 gulps to calm his nerves, while she waited outside sipping her drink. All the car washing and waxing implements had been laid out. All that was required now was a naked man to use them. A few minutes later, Jim walked outside completely naked. Vicky took in the sight of his body. It wasn't bad for a 42 year old. His circumcised penis looked above average. He was old enough to be her father. But, that only added to the appeal of the situation.
"I hope you're not expecting a professional job," He said, a little sheepishly. Vicky put a finger on her lip and giggled as she asked,
"That depends, do you mean the car wash or the dancing stripper?"
Jim rolled his eyes as he picked up the hose and replied,
"I'm definitely not dancing out here. I hope your neighbor doesn't make an appearance with her dog. A 30 minute job should be long enough, right?"
"Sounds reasonable," She said, watching him as he dunked the sponge and began washing her Mercedes. He was in decent shape. He did some kind of landscaping work, and it obviously kept him fit.
"Nice buns for an old man," Said Vicky as he bent over the hood.
"Old? I'm no senior citizen, young lady," He replied, grinning. He was beginning to relax. He kept an eye on the bend in case anyone appeared. Vicky was enjoying the show. She wished he'd get more of that soapy water on his body. It would have looked good. His chest was smooth and hairless. Men with hairy chests were a turn off to her. As he started the wax job, his dick was swinging around. She asked,
"So, how big does that schlong get when it's aroused?"
Jim was again taken aback by the casual way she talked about sexual matters. It wasn't much different to her talking about the weather.
"Well, I haven't measured it since I was a teenager. But, I can hold my own," He replied. Vicky raised an eyebrow and replied,
"Now, that I would love to see. By the way, does your girlfriend swallow your cum?"
Jim looked away, flustered by the blunt question. He eventually said,
"Errr...no. I've never met a girl who does that."
"It's an acquired taste. Some men's cum is a watery slime. Then, there's the thicker, white cream. The creme de la creme," She replied like a connoisseur.
Jim glanced at her as he continued waxing the car. She was staring at his dick. Along with her erotic talk, it was getting him aroused. He tried to finish the wax job as quickly as he could. He didn't want to be walking around her driveway with an erection. Vicky crossed her legs as she finished her drink. She was enjoying the control she had over him. He could control his limbs, but not his dick. That appendage had a mind of its own. She took pleasure in the fact that she could so easily put men off balance. Meek and demure she was not.
Jim finished the wax job, and hurried inside to put on his clothes. He had a semi erection that Vicky eyed intently. She was trying to estimate its size when hard. She loved cocks, and the bigger, the better. A length that could accommodate 2 hands. Girth that could stretch her pussy out. Jim's cock looked like it could reach the 7 inch mark. It could even be bigger. Some dicks had different rates of inflation. She'd known a guy who was 3.5 inches soft, and 8 inches hard. It was an annoying fact that big breasts could easily be spotted. But, big cocks were hidden away.
10 minutes later, they started the snooker match. Jim was thinking about getting a blowjob in an hour or two. After all Vicky's talk, he was expecting something special. One thing was for sure, she was nothing like his girlfriend...or any of his previous girlfriends. There seemed to be a sexual element to everything she did. She could make dung chemistry sound sexy. And she'd already intimated she liked swallowing cum. She was too young for him, of course. She was a bundle of energy that he wouldn't be able to keep up with.
He was certain he'd win this time. The first 4 frames were shared. It went to a decider, in which Jim had a 40 point lead with 3 reds left. Vicky was wearing a tiny pair of denim shorts, and as she bent over the table to take her shot, she could practically feel his eyes on her ass. She paused momentarily, turning to look at him as she said,
"Don't go thinking you've got me on my knees yet, old man."
"And don't go thinking I'm gonna lose a 40 point lead, young lady," Jim replied with a smile. No way would he lose this frame.
He went a little too defensive, trying to mess up the table. His negative tactics lead to a bad mistake. He still didn't fancy her chances. The table was in an unorthodox state. None of the colors were on their spots, and the reds were in the balk end. Even Vicky didn't think her chances were great. She just wanted to close the gap for now. She sunk the first red and a blue. Somehow she had a shot at the next red. She sunk a difficult shot down the side rail, and followed it with another blue. She needed to clear the whole table to win.
Jim still thought it was unlikely. Vicky's positional play often let her down on a pressure shot. He thought she was going to play safe, but she banked the last red. She sunk the brown, but couldn't get close to the yellow. It was a tough, long pot, and she'd have to screw the cue ball all the way back to balk. Even the great Ronaldo Sullivan probably would have played safe. But, Vicky had a golden rule. It was better to lose a frame going for a pot than a bad safety shot. If the chance was there, you had to go for it, because you could regret it later.
She psyched herself up for the pot. Her heavy cue would help on this type of shot. Keep your head still and deliver the cue smoothly, she told herself. She cracked the cue ball and the yellow rattled in the jaws before dropping. The white spun back towards balk to give her a shot at the green. It was probably the best shot she'd ever played. Jim watched in amazement as she sunk the green, brown and blue. The pink was his last chance. The cue ball would have to travel 10ft to get on the black. She potted the pink, and they both watched the white rolling down the table. Jim had a sinking feeling as it kept going, finally stopping a foot from the black.
Vicky rolled the black in to win the frame and match. She grinned,
"I think my car's ok today. Some old guy did a good job of a wash and wax earlier. I'll keep that one on hold for the time being."
"That's a relief. I'll be out for revenge tomorrow," Replied Jim as he left. She was improving all the time. He knew she was practicing on her own for hours during the day. She was deadly serious about going professional. He watched a lot of snooker, and she still had a long way to go to even compete against the lowest ranked men.
The next day, Jim's hopes of revenge were dashed in less than an hour. He was soundly beaten 3-0. Vicky was in top form, making her highest ever break of 81 in the second frame. After the match, he was embarrassed by the scoreline. She rubbed it in by saying,
"Do you want me to spot you 20 points a frame on Monday?"
"Don't get carried away, Vicky. A couple of months ago you couldn't even make a 20 break," He replied, unimpressed by her humor. He hated to admit it, but he didn't like being beaten by a girl. He guessed it was a male thing. She fucking knew it too.
On Monday, Jim decided to change tactics. Vicky played an attacking game. She rarely turned down pots. He decided to play an all out tactical game. She often made mistakes when she was nailed on the balk cushion. He was still annoyed about losing 3-0 on Friday. Shoving his cock in her mouth would be fitting payback. Although, as far as she was concerned, it was probably a win, win situation. She was still pretty serious about winning, though. Not many people could practice on their own for 4 or 5 hours a day.
Jim's tactics worked in the opening frame. Vicky went for a wild, long pot, missed it, and it crashed into the reds. He had a straightforward table to kill the frame. The second frame followed a similar pattern. Vicky was getting frustrated with his negative tactics. He wasn't taking any chances. He simply waited for her to go for one of her low percentage, long shots. When she missed, she usually left a wide open table. He went 2-0 up, and was sure he had her number today. She was too attacking. More so, when she got frustrated.
Vicky reined in her anger in the next frame. Jim was trying to play like Mark Shelby, the tactical master and multiple world champion. And she was falling into the trap. She decided to follow suit. She curtailed her attacking instincts, and matched his safety play. The table became unorthodox and scrappy. It was a 50 minute frame that she eventually won by sinking the last 4 colors. Those 22 points also made it the frame's highest break. It was a slow and tedious frame. But, if that's how Jim wanted it, she would compete on that level too. She wasn't going to hand it to him on a silver platter.
As he was setting up the balls, a somewhat irritated Vicky said,
"Is this really how you want to win?"
"What? Have I broken any rules?" He replied, baffled by her attitude.
"You know what I mean. All the negative tactics. Are you scared of taking me on in an open frame?" She asked, taunting him. Jim didn't take the bait. Though, he knew she was mocking him. He replied,
"Are you serious? Do you think all the pros on the tour play all out attack? If you don't have a tactical game, you may as well forget about going pro, because you'll get found out."
Vicky knew it was true. She just didn't like that kind of unexciting snooker. And she was certain the fans didn't like too much of it either.
"Maybe billiards is more your game, Jim," She said, slipping in a final jibe as she broke off. Billiards was an ancient game that predated snooker by centuries. Nobody played it anymore because it was so utterly boring. She was amazed it survived as long as it did.
"Whatever," He replied, surprised by her petulance. Snooker was more than just potting balls. It was probably 75 per cent of the game. But, Vicky seemed to think it was more like 95 per cent.
The frame started to become scrappy again. 7 reds were already in safe positions near cushions. The scoreboard moved at a slow rate. 40 minutes later, Jim got the better of the safety play on the brown. Vicky turned away in disgust as it rolled over the middle pocket. Jim needed to pot 3 balls to win. He sunk the brown and blue, leaving a cut back on the pink. He played the shot, and watched it rattle in the jaws, before gravity pulled it into the pocket. However, the cue ball kept running around the table, eventually going straight into the yellow pocket. "Get in!" Cried Vicky, unsportingly.
"Is that how you want to win?" Asked Jim, sarcastically.
"No need for false commiserations. We both know the score," She replied, honestly. She placed the white and lined up a shot on the respotted pink. It was a tough shot to sink it and get on the black. She decided to try and roll it in, dead weight. It was a dangerous shot, and the pink rattled and stayed near the pocket. Jim couldn't stop grinning as he knocked in the simplest of pots. He put his cue down and said,
"I guess that wins me a blowjob. I hope you're not all talk, Vicky."
She was pissed, because of the way it had happened. She said,
"Well, you lost yesterday, so I guess we're even now."
"Ok, you want to back slide. Do you think I wanted to wash your car with my dick swinging in the wind? Maybe the Vegas Vixen is an invented character," He replied, daring her to welch. Although, strictly speaking, she had a point about them being even. She finally said,
"Invented? I guess Al did exaggerate a few things on the Vixen website. But, 98 per cent of it is really me. Ok, I guess you earned it, old man. Even though I don't particularly like that style of snooker."
Jim had spent a lot of time browsing the VegasVixen site. One of the photos that stood out was of Vicky wearing a miniskirt in a pool match. She was stretching over the table, black panties just visible. There had been a lot of controversy after that match. In her diary, she was always making suggestive comments about liking long wood, and guys who could play a hard screw. The site often portrayed her as a sex mad, promiscuous girl. A Playboy model with a pool cue. Jim had wondered how much of it was true, or an Al Seamen fiction. After getting to know her, most of it seemed to be true.
15 minutes later, Vicky took him into the front room and said,
"Do you want to stand up or sit down?"
"Errr, I'll stand," He replied, surprised by the question. She didn't look at all nervous. On the contrary, it was as if she was asking if he wanted ice in his drink. Jim was a little nervous. He was about to unbutton his jeans, but she stopped him with a shake of her head and said,
"I'll do that. I wonder what poor little Katie would think."
He didn't want to think about his girlfriend. Not right now, anyway.
Vicky dropped a cushion at his feet. She knelt down and began unbuttoning his jeans. She pulled them down along with his boxers. His dick was already semi hard as he watched her excitedly. As soon as she held his dick, it rapidly grew to erection. Vicky was impressed by his length. She had an 8 inch dildo, and he looked to be a pretty close match to it. She wasn't concerned with his pleasure today. After his underhand tactics, this wasn't going to last long. She jerked his shaft for a while, then began licking around the head.
Jim sighed as his body shook slightly. Then, she suddenly went into overdrive. She sucked on his cock as hard as she could. He groaned at the sudden intensity of her efforts. Vicky's tongue was lashing at the head as she vacuum sucked his cock. She pumped his shaft even faster as her teeth grated along his swollen cockhead. Jim grimaced as his cock began throbbing wildly. He tapped her head and groaned,
"Take it easy, Vicky, you're being too rough."
"It's this or your right hand," She replied with venom.
She went back to her rough and rapid blowjob. She continued sawing his cockhead with her teeth as her tongue occasionally swabbed the underside. She felt his shaft throbbing as it got even harder. She knew he wouldn't last much longer. Her other hand grabbed his balls and began rolling them. Precum was leaking into her mouth as she swallowed over half of his cock. Jim watched in stunned silence as her lips engulfed all but an inch of his length. Vicky suddenly said,
"Come on, old man...give me that cum...I'm hungry."
That pushed him over the edge. His cock started twitching as he grunted and finally let out a strained groan and came. He was expecting her to pull away, but she sealed her lips around his shaft. Vicky felt his cock recoil and spew more spunk into her mouth. She pulled on his balls and jerked his shaft to keep him cumming. Jim's body tensed as she kept working his cock for every drop of cum. When she was satisfied he was drained, she sat back on her heels and looked up at him. Jim watched her open her cum filled mouth and gulp it all down. She licked her lips and smiled in satisfaction.
He stepped back breathing heavily. He pulled his pants back up and sat on the sofa. He had hoped to last at least 10 minutes. But, Vicky had brought him off in under 5 minutes. And she'd gone out of her way to do it. She stood up and threw the cushion on the sofa. Then said,
"What was that, Jim? Like, 5 minutes? Not bad for an old man."
"Were you trying to break your blowjob record or something?" He asked. He was feeling a little disappointed all of a sudden. She wasn't trying to make it good. It was a fast and furious, 100mph blowjob.
"Are you kidding? My record is about 20 seconds. Man, that guy was a major letdown. To tell you the truth, you did ok. I didn't think you'd last 2 minutes. I guess I was kind of pissed about the game. But, now that I think about it, you were right. You've got to have a tactical game. You did me a favor. You exposed a weakness in my game. One I need to address," Replied Vicky, pensively. She'd calmed down now. Anger wasn't much use when playing pool or snooker. It generally lead to bad decisions. Pragmatism was a by far better tool.
After that day, Vicky practiced to become a more complete player. When Jim tried to employ the negative tactics, she remained patient, and didn't get frustrated. He rarely got the better of her. Even when he did, he didn't get a blowjob because he owed too many naked car washes. Vicky thought she was nearing the point of making the video of her game for Barry Hearnia. Al Seamen was still trying to talk her out of it. Going to Europe was going to cost them money. He didn't see how they would make any. Why take the risk?
A month later, Al came round to watch one of their matches. Vicky won 3-1, and it was clear she was the better player. She made a break of 94 in the final frame. Afterwards, she made them drinks and said,
"My highest break is 138. We'll be packing our bags soon."
"Yeah, but it's not going to be a money maker. The only dough you're bringing in is from the website. People are asking if you've retired," Al replied, looking concerned. That didn't surprise her. She'd updated her diary, but she hadn't played pool or done any photo shoots for a while.
"I know. But it's not about the money," Shot back Vicky.
Al knew he wasn't going to change her mind, so he quickly said,
"I've got an idea, Vick. I can organize a photo shoot with one of the men's magazines. You can do a short interview. It'll be the perfect opportunity to inform everyone about your plans to conquer the snooker world. It could be a great springboard."
"Yeah, but let's not rush that. The timing's got to be right," She replied. Al nodded in agreement. At least she'd agreed. Her inactivity was costing them both money.
Jim listened to their conversation with interest. Everything Al did or said seemed to revolve around money. The guy was rich, and yet, he acted like he was broke. On the other hand, Vicky was totally single minded about her attempt to break into the snooker world. It went beyond any financial considerations. In fact, he was fairly certain she'd accept a financial loss to make her dream a reality. She'd once told him what her ultimate goal was. She wanted to play at the world championship at the Crucible theatre in Sheffield, England.
2 months later, Al sent a 10 minute video of Vicky making a century break to Barry Hearnia. That was evidence enough that she could play. Barry clasped his hands together and thought about the situation. Sure, she could play, but succeed on the men's tour? He would offer her all the help he could. But, he couldn't give her a wildcard on the tour. Every spot on the tour was sought after. Players had to qualify at Q school to earn a 2 year tour card. Vicky Hoare would have to qualify, or earn a spot via the women's game. She was starting from scratch, and there were no shortcuts.
6 weeks later, Vicky and Al were ready to head to Britain. They had rented a house in advance for 3 months, with an extension if required. 2 weeks earlier, she'd done the photo shoot. It was the usual kind of theme, only this time she was posing around a snooker table. Lying on the table wearing a tiny, 2 piece bikini. In another pic, holding 2 balls and a cue. In the third picture she was bending as if taking a shot, looking back at the camera, seductively. In the interview, she revealed her plans to switch to snooker, and why she was doing it. The magazine paid $100,000 for the exclusive.
Vicky played Jim for a last match before she left. By now, she was usually beating him comfortably. He only ever really won the scrappy frames. He'd won a total of 3 blowjobs since it all began. Unfortunately for him, it was all fast and furious head designed to bring him off asap. He had chances in all the 3 frames they played, but he just couldn't score enough points. Even when he had a decent lead, Vicky would mop up the table when she got in. She won 3-0 in just over an hour. Jim could only shrug in disappointment.
"I guess you won't need to have your car washed," He said, hopefully.
"You guess correctly, old man. It'll be in the garage for a few months. But, as this will be a goodbye for a while, I've decided to give you a blowjob to remember me by. And this one will be one of my deluxe BJ's. So, let me know if you've got any health issues, because this could put you in intensive care. Still up for it?" She replied, matter of factly. Jim was delighted by the prospect of a deluxe blowjob.
"I'm definitely up for it. Those fast and furious blowjobs were a little too crazy for me," He said with a chuckle.
He decided to sit in the armchair this time. Vicky knelt down in front of him and lowered his pants. She didn't rush straight into it like the previous times. Instead, she slowly jerked his shaft for a couple of minutes. Then, she leaned forward and kissed his smooth knob. She did it several times, before running her tongue all over the head. This is more like it, thought Jim. Vicky gave his cock a long lick from base to tip. She did it a few more times as if she was licking a lollipop. This went on for another 10 minutes, as she kissed and licked his cock, stroking and teasing it.
His dick was rock hard when she finally started sucking it. When he was close to cumming, Vicky gripped his shaft and said,
"Not yet, old man. I'm gonna build up a nice, big load for dessert."
Again and again, she brought him close, before backing off. She licked up the constant flow of precum that was leaking out like a dripping tap. Jim was amazed by the sheer skill and enthusiasm she was putting into this blowjob. She was now slapping his cock against her tongue and cheeks as droplets of precum sprinkled her face.
Vicky's expression was intense. She looked him in the eye and said,
"Ok, big boy, get ready to blow like Vesuvius."
Jim gripped the armchair as his cock swelled to breaking point. She aimed it at her open mouth as she pumped his shaft.
"FUUUCCCKKK!" He snarled as he ejaculated so hard, it made him dizzy. Cum erupted from his cock in a torrent. Stream after stream of thick spunk jetted into her open mouth. Jim could see her mouth being completely filled by his cum.
Vicky held it there, then tilted her head back as she swallowed it all in 2 gulps. She sighed in pleasure, before returning to his cock to lick up the cum still oozing out. Afterwards, he leaned back and said,
"Jesus, that's the best blowjob I've ever had by a mile...several miles."
Vicky appreciated the compliment. But, it was something she already knew. Most women couldn't give good head. She got up and replied,
"I guess Katie needs a few tips on how to handle your nice, big dick."
It gave Jim's ego a boost to hear her call his dick nice and big.
If he could have put a woman together from Katie and Vicky's personalities and traits, she would be perfect. Katie could be a little too reserved at times. And Vicky could be a little too extreme. He felt sorry for the man Vicky settled down with. She didn't seem to be too concerned about monogamy. Of course, she was still young. A generation younger than him. Though, he had to admit, she was unique. She got off on shocking people. And she didn't care about the criticism she often received.
After the second blowjob she'd given him, she'd told him why she didn't rate monogamy. One of her male high school acquaintances had got married last year. 3 weeks after the marriage, she'd bumped into him at a hotel she was staying at. He'd invited her to his room, with little thought of his wife. Vicky had accepted, and ended up having sex with him all night. She didn't feel guilty about it. She got off on the fact that he was willing to risk his marriage for a night with her. Their marital situation was their problem. Cheating after 3 weeks of marriage. A typical male. Jim wondered what Europe would make of her.
Vicky turned professional a week after arriving in England. She then went to Q school, and failed miserably. She was amazed by the quality of all the players there. Her cue ball control wasn't good enough. In the modern game, you had to be able to kill frames with one chance. You couldn't rely on getting 2 or 3 chances. Al wanted to go home.
"We gave it a shot. It's no disgrace to go home after trying," He said, solemnly. Vicky wasn't ready to give up. But, what was her next move?
"We're not done yet. I need to have a think about things," She replied, feeling dejected.
Al got a call from Barry Hearnia a few days later. He advised them to play in a few women's events. There wouldn't be much media coverage. But, he would see what he could arrange. It was worth the effort to try and get her name out there. 2 women would be getting a wildcard for the men's tour. And it was a better route than Q school. Men were better players than women. There was no getting around that fact. He advised her to use every weapon at her disposal. Whether it was media attention on her efforts to break through, or her ability to create controversy. Any publicity was usually good publicity.
Al still wanted to go home. But, Vicky wanted to give Hearnia's idea a try. She played in a couple of low key events. She wasn't exactly optimistic about what it could achieve. There were a handful of spectators and no tv coverage. Vicky was an exhibitionist. She performed better when she had an audience. She reached the final of the second event, losing narrowly to Siri Kampavan, the current world champion from Thailand. It was a scrappy match, like most women's matches. It wasn't going to get her name out there.
When the Women's World Championship came around. Vicky knew it was her route to get the tour card she wanted. But, only the winner would get one. And there would be some media coverage. A couple of low budget European tv channels would be showing highlights. There would also be some coverage in Asia. Though, she wasn't sure which countries. She presumed China would be following the event. The game had exploded there over the past 10 years. Jon Ding was a superstar there. They had academies for young players, and snooker clubs everywhere. They really took the sport seriously.
The tournament turned out to be an unmitigated disaster for Vicky. She had to play an unknown Dutch girl in the first round. It was a match she should have won easily. Even Vicky took the match for granted. She'd told Al she could beat the girl with her eyes closed. On the day, she suddenly felt nervous. It didn't help that there were other matches being played on nearby tables. She found the sounds of occasional clapping off putting. It was a strange atmosphere for a serious match. She was having trouble concentrating.
The first long pot she went for, she missed by a mile. The frame became totally scrappy. Neither of them could string together 5 pots. It came down to the blue ball. Vicky had 3 attempts to sink it, and missed them all. The last effort rattled the pocket, and rolled right over the opposite pocket for an easy tap in. Now, Vicky was feeling pressure. She couldn't lose to this girl. The second frame was another scrap. It was a low scoring frame, full of mistakes. The Dutch girl won it with a fluke on the green. Vicky tried to remain calm. But, the luck wasn't going her way. Maybe the snooker Gods were against her.
She won the next frame with a break of 48. She was finally getting her shit together. In the next frame, she got in first. She potted the blue and smashed into the reds. It was a perfect split, until one of the reds dropped into a pocket. She couldn't believe her fucking bad luck. Her opponent kept her break going, even though she kept running out of position. She broke down on 42. But, that was enough to put Vicky under serious pressure. By the time they got down to the last red, she needed 34 points to win. That meant clearing the whole table.
It wasn't an impossible task. No ball on the table was safe. The Dutch girl played a bad safety shot, and Vicky got her chance. She sunk the red, but it was a terrible positional shot. She left the cue ball on the black cushion. The black was a tough cut back. Position on the yellow would be automatic, though. If she missed, she would be out. She rolled the black slowly to give it every chance of dropping. It hit both jaws, but didn't drop. Her unknown Dutch opponent sunk the yellow and green. Vicky conceded the frame and match. She was fuming as they shook hands. How had she lost to that girl?
Al was waiting for her in the bar. Vicky was in a dark mood as she sat down. She wanted to smash her cue over that Dutch girl's head. Why had she played so badly? The girl was a poor club player, at best. Al could see she was trying to figure out what had gone wrong.
"Look, Vick, the season's practically over. We need to head home and reevaluate the situation. We've been here over 8 months already. If you want, we can try again. Next time, we'll put together a proper plan of action," He said, trying to cheer her up. He'd rather forget snooker altogether. But, he knew she wouldn't accept failure.
2 weeks later, Jim had just married Katie. The wedding reception was in full swing as it approached 11pm. He downed the last of his beer, then froze. What the fuck was she doing here? It was Vicky, staring at Katie and her friends. At least she was dressed conservatively. By her standards, anyway. A black, mid thigh dress and heels. She couldn't exactly hide those huge breasts, though. Why would she turn up here? And how did she find out about it? He had to talk to her to find out what her game was. He needed to get rid of her. No one had invited her. She should know better than pulling this shit.
Jim made his way over to her. He glanced towards Katie as he said,
"Hey, Vicky, how are you? I didn't even know you were back in the country."
"I got back 2 days ago. The pool hall rang Al about arranging an exhibition. He mentioned you, and they told him about your wedding. I made some enquiries...and voila," She replied. As if that explained her gatecrashing the reception. He decided to press further as he asked,
"So, why did you want to come to the reception, anyway?"
"I wanted to give you my best wishes of course. Don't worry, I won't be staying long. Katie looks beautiful...and drunk," She replied with a nod.
He was a little drunk himself. How could he get rid of her without being rude? It was fortunate Katie was drunk. She might have spotted Vicky and come over to talk to her. Vicky sipped her drink and said,
"Things didn't go too well in Europe. I'm going to have another go next season. I hope I can rely on you for some practice sessions."
"Sure, but I won't be able to play every day like before. Maybe a couple of times a week. Married life curtails some of your freedoms," He replied with a shrug.
"I guess that will have to do, Jimbo. Oh, before I go, can you show me where the bathroom is?" She said, putting down her empty glass. Jim nodded, making sure no one was paying attention to them. Thank fuck she was leaving without incident. He lead her upstairs to the bathrooms. Nobody was in the passageway as he gestured to an open door. His eyes were watching the staircase as he was suddenly pushed into the bathroom. Vicky stepped inside and locked the door.
"I have to give you my wedding present before I go," She said, seductively.
Jim couldn't see anything resembling a present on her person.
"Ok, so where is it?" He asked, wondering what it was.
"Well, it's not an object. I want to give you a deluxe, wedding day blowjob," She replied, her hands on her hips. A flustered Jim said,
"I can't do that. I just got married today. That'd be a serious betrayal."
"I know. That's what makes it such a turn on. It's so wrong and naughty. I love breaking the rules," Replied Vicky, as she abruptly dropped to her knees and unzipped his trousers.
Jim's alcohol clouded brain didn't immediately react. By the time he started backing away, she already had his cock out. He backed up against the wall, but Vicky anticipated that and quickly shuffled forward. He had to get out of the bathroom. But, he felt paralyzed. As if he was merely a bystander. Her hand had him erect in seconds.
"Vicky, I can't do th...OHH!" His words were cut off by her mouth closing around his cock. Her cheeks hollowed as she sucked on him as hard as she could. He throbbed and groaned in pleasure.
Jim knew there was no stopping now. It was the booze. The booze was to blame. His ability to make rational decisions had been impaired. Vicky was running her tongue up and down his thick shaft with lust and excitement on her face. She pumped his cock and said,
"This is so fucking wild. You only got married a few hours ago, and now you're getting your cock sucked by a horny bitch like me."
He had to admit, there was something strangely erotic about what was happening. The word, wrong, seemed way too tame.
Vicky was using all her fellatio skills on him. She licked and sucked his cockhead. Then, she deepthroated him like a sword swallower. After that, she'd kiss and lick every inch of his shaft. Jim sighed as he watched her eagerly blowing him. Vicky was so turned on, her pussy was soaking her panties. She had to cum. She lowered a hand into her panties and rubbed her clit. Jim's cock felt like iron as it throbbed, almost painfully. Thankfully, she wasn't trying to prolong the experience like she did last time.
Vicky wanted to time his climax just in front of her own. As he started swaying and breathing heavily, she jerked his cock in front of her open mouth. Jim's cock felt bigger than it had ever been as he grunted and came. Jets of cum spurted into her mouth. Vicky counted 9 major streams of spunk, and several smaller ones. As she greedily gulped it down, she brought herself off and moaned in ecstasy as her orgasm surged through her body. When it began to recede, she clamped her lips around his cock and sucked him dry.
Afterwards, Jim collapsed on the toilet seat feeling drained of energy. Vicky cleaned herself up, then checked her appearance in the mirror. She paused near the door and said,
"I'll give you a ring when you get back from your honeymoon. You can let me know when you can come over to practice."
He nodded absent mindedly. Before she left, she added,
"You better hope Katie passes out, because I've completely drained your balls of cum. I'll see you soon, old man. Oh, and congratulations."
Jim sat there remembering her tale about monogamy. Cheating on his wife after a few hours. Typical male.
Vicky spent the summer practicing and playing in a few pool tournaments. After one televised event, she was interviewed and asked about her time in Europe. She hated failure, so she replied,
"It didn't go well. But, it was my first season playing snooker. And believe me, it's a much tougher game than pool. A more skillful game too. But, I'm no quitter. I'm preparing to head back to Europe in August. I'll be a better player by then, and I'll have a better gameplan."
She was more pragmatic about the failure now. When she returned, she'd throw the kitchen sink at it this time.
When Jim returned from his honeymoon, he told Vicky he wouldn't be able to practice with her for a while. He was going to block her number. He'd cheated on Katie. He never thought he'd be that guy. And he didn't want to be that guy. But, after some thought, he decided he would practice with her. They were both adults. He would just have to clear the air with her. Besides, he loved playing snooker, and her table was competition level. It was far better than that worn table at the pool hall. He could only play on Tuesdays and Thursdays, though.
He arranged to come round the following Tuesday. Vicky let him in with a smile. She wore a denim miniskirt and a tight tank top. It was not the kind of thing she usually wore when they played. She said,
"I didn't think you'd be back, Jimbo. I figured Katie had you on a leash, and you were dodging me."
"Look, Vicky, I'm not proud about what happened at the reception. I'm not blaming you. I should have said no. I guess I was too drunk. But, it can't happen again," He replied with an air of finality. Vicky nodded, that knowing smile still on her face.
They began playing, with no stakes. She told Jim about how things had gone so disastrously wrong in Europe. He listened, then said,
"Do you know the problem with your game? You always try to attack. Sometimes you have to play the percentages. You're a better player than me. But, I can still win because I always play the right shot. If you go for everything, sometimes you're going to miss big, and leave your opponent an easy table. Some low percentage shots are too risky."
Vicky thought about it. She always wanted to play fast and entertain. But, it often backfired.
They played 5 frames. It wasn't as intense as the matches they used to play, and she won 3-2. Afterwards, Jim was putting his cue back in its case as he prepared to leave. Without saying a word, Vicky crouched down and almost ripped his jeans open. Before he could say anything, she had his cock in her mouth. 5 seconds later, he was erect, as she licked and sucked on it. He sighed in submission as he watched her giving him another expert blowjob. 10 minutes later, he blasted cum into her mouth. She stared at him as she swallowed it with relish.
He wouldn't have folded like this for many women. But, Vicky had a powerful allure. It wasn't just physical. Sure, she was gorgeous. But, she had a brazen sexuality that was irresistible. She suddenly said,
"Can Katie take all your big dick in her pussy?"
Should he even answer that? What difference did it make? He replied,
"Not all of it. I don't know, maybe 6 inches, or just over."
"That is messed up. I've never had a big dick in me that I couldn't take balls deep," She said with pride. Jim said goodbye and left, before her talk gave him another erection.
He still came round on Thursday, even though he knew what would probably happen. He justified it by telling himself, what Katie didn't know wouldn't hurt her. It was a tired and lame excuse. But, it was all he had. Vicky was dressed in similar attire. Jim had trouble concentrating on the game. Every time she bent over he caught glimpses of her panties. If she was facing him, her breasts were nearly spilling onto the table. At one point, she turned to him and said,
"You need to keep your eyes on the game. You're well below par."
Vicky won 3-0 in no time. Suddenly, Jim wanted to get on with the main event. She asked him if he wanted a drink. He sat in the armchair in the living room as she made them 2 strong drinks.
"So, how often do you and Katie have sex?" She asked, handing him his drink. She spoke as casually as a psychiatrist. He didn't hesitate.
"Usually about twice a week." She stared at him as she downed her drink in 3 gulps. She walked over to him and unbuttoned his jeans. She pulled out his already hard dick and leaned forward to kiss him.
Her tongue wrestled with his as she pumped his cock and said,
"I'm going to suck your cock, and then fuck your brains out."
She quickly knelt and furiously sucked his cock. Jim gasped as she deepthroated his entire length. She came up for air, then did it again. She pulled back and licked and sucked his cockhead. His shaft was covered in a sheen of saliva. Vicky abruptly got up and turned around. She lifted her short skirt and pushed her thong aside. She held his cock against her pussy, and with 3 downward thrusts, she took his dick to the hilt.
She put one leg on the armrest and her hand on the other for balance. She began thrusting up and down on his long shaft, her hips gyrating. Jim reached around for her big tits, squeezing them like dough. It only took a few minutes before Vicky started panting and cried,
"Yes...Yes...Yes...YESSSS!"
She moaned in ecstasy as her orgasm exploded. Jim felt her pussy flood as she squeezed his cock like a vice. It was without doubt, the best pussy he'd ever been in. She was soon bouncing on him again.
After she came for the second time, she was making incoherent noises as her body shuddered. Her pussy tightened around his cock again. Jim almost felt like his dick was being crushed by her spasming pussy. As soon as she recovered, she was thrusting on him again. He was meeting her thrusts with his own. The room echoed with the sounds of grunts, groans and the squelching of her wet pussy. He was at the point of no return, and Vicky knew it, crying out,
"Cum inside me!...Fill me with your seed!...blow your spunk up me!"
When she heard him groan loudly, she slammed down hard, taking him balls deep. She could feel his cum spurting deep inside her as his cock pulsed again and again. It set off her third orgasm, as she said,
"I can feel your cum filling me. It's making me cum...HARD!...OHHH!"
Jim could feel her body trembling as she threw her head back and screamed. Every time it seemed to be receding, she would go quiet, then suddenly start moaning as her orgasm rose and peaked again. He'd never seen a woman cum so long and hard.
When Vicky eventually stood up, her white t shirt was wet with perspiration. Her skin was flushed and gleaming with sweat. Jim imagined he must be in a similar condition. 15 minutes later, she was giving him a blowjob. He lasted nearly 20 minutes, before cumming in her mouth. It was a smaller quantity of cum than he usually produced. Vicky seemed disappointed with her 'dessert'. His body felt drained of cum and other body fluids. He still felt dazed when he left.
"Try and get here earlier on Tuesday. The more time we have, the more stuff we can do," She said as he got in his car.
Jim reflected on his infidelity as he drove home. He tried to make sense of it all by telling himself his personality had been split in two. He was his normal self at work and home. That person was loyal, intelligent and determined. When he was around Vicky, the other persona took over. That person was disloyal, weak and selfish. Maybe it was a simplistic way of looking at the situation. Black and white, and probably bullshit. But, it helped him separate Vicky from his marital life. It wasn't him who had just had sex with her. It was a weaker, alternate version of himself.
Jim managed to arrive a little earlier on Tuesday. Katie was working late, and wouldn't be home until 10pm. That gave him nearly 5 hours before he had to leave. It was a testament to Vicky's determination that she insisted they finish the snooker match. Jim wasn't at his best, as his mind drifted to the post match session. A scrappy 4 frames took 90 minutes. Vicky didn't seem to have any problems concentrating. But, as soon as the match was over, her mind was able to suddenly switch to sexual mode.
Today, Jim finally got to see her big tits. And it was certainly worth the wait. His hands, lips and tongue were all over them. He was almost in a frenzy as he played with her heavy tits for over 15 minutes. They were both naked as he then fucked her on the living room rug. It was a furious 20 minute session of sex in the missionary position. Vicky came 3 times, as she took every inch of his big cock. She writhed and moaned under him, as he hammered into her shaven pussy. Her nails dug into his back each time she came, screaming deliriously.
She cleaned up in the bathroom, then they headed to her bedroom. This time, she sucked him to erection, then he fucked her doggie style. Jim took great pleasure in spanking her big ass cheeks, while he speared his cock into her. When she came, he saw her juices spill out around his shaft. Vicky was able to achieve sexual highs that he'd never seen before. When she had a really big orgasm, her pussy could squirt her juices. Or if she had a long build up to a climax, she could have multiple orgasms. That experience was so intense, it almost pushed her to an unknown emotional state, beyond delirium.
Afterwards, they had a shower together, soaping each others bodies. Vicky played with his cock and balls. Soaping and stroking him to another erection. After drying each other, Jim spent 20 minutes licking her pussy. She writhed on the bed like an eel as she was brought to 3 orgasms. Then, she pushed him onto his back and straddled him. She impaled herself on his cock, and went crazy bouncing on him. Jim watched her big tits wobbling as she came twice more, talking dirty each time. When he eventually left, he got into his car and told himself, ok, I'm Jim again. The other guy can return to the underworld for now.
Vicky did a final photo shoot and interview before she left for Europe. It was designed to create some interest at home. In the photos, she was wearing a bowtie, waistcoat and panties. Her cleavage looked huge under the constraints of the too tight waistcoat. In the interview, she encouraged people to follow her efforts to become the first American player to make it onto the modern snooker tour. She finally said,
"I intend to play my own brand of sexy snooker. I don't care about the convention around the game, or if people are shocked by my behavior. Vicky Hoare can only make snooker more watchable."
She and Al were driven to the airport in his chauffeur driven car. He still didn't like this idea. Less so after the last trip. But, she was his biggest client and a friend. He couldn't talk her out of it. So, what else could he do, but help her? After the debacle of the last trip, he felt sure she'd give up on the idea. But, she seemed even more determined. It was his job to promote and publicize her efforts. But, he wouldn't be able to do that if she kept losing. The car arrived at the airport, as Al wondered if this challenge was beyond them both.
TO BE CONTINUED.