I had found a nice place to swim up the railroad tracks from the nude beach. I looked all around to make sure nobody was there and I took off my clothes. I felt the warm sun and gentle breeze on my naked body. I took a refreshing dive into the water and came back out feeling invigorated. I dried off slowly with the beach towel feeling sexy and my cock and balls started to get tingly. I was feeling a bit strange about letting that happen at the beach but what the heck, I was alone.
I went to my pack and got out a marijuana cigarette and took a few puffs. I laid down on the towel and opened a nice cold beer. That was perfect. I chugged the entire beer and relaxed for a while in the warm sun. That really put me in a fantastic mood and made me feel a little less inhibited. I felt so amazingly good all over. Still, I did not touch myself. My arousal was only from the sun and water. I stretched out my arms and reveled in the sensuous delights of having a body and being alive on such a beautiful day in such a beautiful place.
I imagined that the horny tingles indicated that there was a hard cock somewhere out there horny for my ass. I looked all around to make sure that I was still alone. I said out loud, "I'm horny!" and it sounded so naughty! I said it a little more loudly turning in all directions, "I am so fucking horny over here!"
That really got me going! I began to walk the beach feeling my erection bounce with each step. I began to feel my anus tingle again and I imagined that that meant that it was horny for a cock even though I am straight. This was an amazing fantasy game I had discovered!
I looked around to assure myself that no one was anywhere around.
"I'm horny! I'm horny!" I called out to the empty world.
I pretended that a real man was there watching from the trees.
"Fuck me in the ass! I cried out. Come fuck me in the ass!"
Hearing myself yell that so loudly was quite thrilling. I looked around in all directions again.
"I'm horny! I'm horny!" I yelled.
It felt so naughty to imagine being gay. As I walked a sexy walk up the beach, my anus began to tingle again. I let myself indulge the fantasy that that meant there was indeed a man with a big horny cock in the vicinity and I could actually detect him with my anus. My attention focused on my tight little hole so much that it began to surge with pleasure as if beckoning the horny cock to come forth. As I walked the sensation became stronger and stronger.
"Fuck me in the ass! I called out. Fuck me with your horny cock!"
That felt so naughty. To pretend I was gay. "I am gay and horny!"
Wow yelling that out loud really turned me on.
I closed my eyes "Come get me! I'm so horny!"
I opened my eyes and looked up to find a very large muscular nude man sitting in the rocks. I was immediately embarrassed. Apparently, he had been watching me the whole time!
"Oh my gosh!"
But he said, "its okay. Come over here. Come over here."
I hesitated. "I'm not really gay".
"Didn't you just yell, 'come fuck me in the ass'? And didn't I hear you say, 'fuck me with your horny cock?'
"But..."
"Well, I'm here to fuck you good, little buddy."
"But I have never done anything like that before. I'm straight!"
"You already said what you really want."
I was just pretending! I said that just for the fun of it!
But he put his arm around my shoulders and held me.
"Please don't" I said.
You'll be all right he said as he put his other hand on my hip.
"But I'm ..."
"You shouldn't be so provocative. It's not fair."
"I know! I'm sorry. I thought I was alone."
"You owe me at least a hot wet kiss."
I felt bad about involving someone else in my fantasy, so I said, "Okay. Just a kiss."
And he pulled our hips together and leaned down and French kissed me with his tongue. I felt a huge wave of excitement and panic. Eventually I gave in to his passionate kiss. It was like a teenage make out session. Only with a man! And I was afraid of the way it was making me feel.
"No please we must stop."
He said, "I think I know what you really want" and his hand slid down my back and he kneaded my ass cheeks and wouldn't let me go, even though I kind of struggled with him. And then his finger slid down to my a-hole and he slid it up and down there as he kissed me again. How exotic! How very strange and exciting! How dangerous and naughty!
"But I'm not gay! I was just pretending!" I whispered. "Please stop. You're making me super horny!"
But he did not stop. He held my hips with his two strong hands and spun me around. Then he knelt down behind me.
"Bend over and spread your legs" he commanded and I obeyed. I could not help but obey.
I felt his tongue touch my anus and he began to lick.
"Please don't do that. You're making me too horny! Stop, please stop making me so horny!" I cried out. But no one was there to hear me.
He began to run his hands up and down my thighs and grab my ass cheeks and pull them open as he continued to lick my quivering anus. It occurred to me that this was a trick. If he could get my anus all excited, I would surely become so horny that I might let him do anything! Oh my gosh, anything!
"Please don't." I cried out in vain. "I'm not gay, I'm just horny! You're making me too horny!"
But he didn't stop. He just got up and turned me around and began to French kiss me again. Oh wow. I began to salivate. And he pulled back and looked at me and said, "we'll need lubrication" and he pulled me to my knees and showed me his enormous cock.
"Oh my gosh!" I said as I felt myself lusting for it. I really wanted to lick it.
"I'm not gay!" I said. But I couldn't resist the urge to put his cock in my mouth. I felt myself salivating like crazy. I licked the outside of his penis and I got crazy with lust for it.
"I shouldn't be doing this!" I thought. But I couldn't stop myself. I felt the cock start to elongate in my mouth and it made me afraid, but I began to lust for it even more. Forgive me god! I was crazy for cock! It got bigger and bigger as he started to fuck my mouth with it. It went down there and made me gag and I felt a surge of phlegm fill my throat.
My eyes began to water and my nose was running.
"It's okay" he said, "it's good for you. Don't swallow it, just let it come back out and onto my cock. Rub it into my balls".
It was then that I thought that maybe he was planning on fucking me in the ass with his huge cock! Maybe this was a trick to get me so horny and so lubricated that I would let him do anything to me. Anything!
"Please don't make me so horny right now. Please stop making me so horny!"
I thought 'I'm not gay' but here I was insane with cock-lust and dripping phlegm and snot and tears all over this man's enormous cock. I found myself following his orders and rubbing it into his cock and balls. I found myself groping his butt cheeks and crying. He drove his cock deep into my throat and I gagged really deeply and more thick phlegm came up and slid onto his cock and dripped in a big blurb onto my own rock-hard penis.
I reached down and masturbated the thick lubricant all over my cock and balls.
And then he said "you're ready."
"Ready for what"? I said. I was thrilled with pure fear of what he might do to me. I began to whimper.
"Please don't. Please don't fuck me in the ass with your big horny cock." I hollered out into the natural world.
But he told me to stand up and I did it. Sobbing and drooling slobber and snot and tears all over my own cock. He scooped a handful of it from my dripping cock and rubbed it on my ass and his dick until it got even bigger. Wow, ten inches of throbbing man-dick was right there! And in his eyes was wild lust. He was lusting for me! He was lusting for my naked, vulnerable body. He was lusting for a straight man that is not even gay!
He grabbed my hips and turned me around. He pulled me slowly to him and his cock started to bang my cock and balls from behind. I had to admit to myself that it felt so good when he did that. I was sobbing with relief. Maybe he isn't trying to fuck me up the ass! Maybe he was just going to give me a good ball banging from behind!
"Please bang me in the cock and balls with your dick" I called out.
But then he put his cock head right on my anus and held it there.
"Please don't push you dick in there! Please don't fuck my ass with your big man-cock!"
The tip of his cock pushed harder on my ass-hole. Harder and harder with each little bang on my back door. And then he switched back to banging me in the balls. So relieved I was to no longer be holding back his cock with my tight little sphincter! But then again, I was starting to get really kind of horny.
"Please don't make me so horny!" I yelled. "Please don't make me beg you to fuck me in the ass with your cock! Please don't make me beg you to fuck me up the butt"! I yelled out through slobber and tears.
And he grabbed my hips and this time his cock crept slowly past my anal sphincter. There was no way that giant cock would fit into my tight virgin hole! It was in there a little way and he held it there. I said, "Please don't put it in a little more! Please don't ram me wide open with your giant cock!"
And he stopped and I felt it throbbing.
He pulled it out and lingered out there for a long while as my anus quivered with relief. I was crying and my nose was running all over my cock and he reached around and said to blow my nose into his hands. I did that and felt a huge amount of thick snot and tears and phlegm fill his hands. I then I saw him rub his cock with this special lubricant and he rubbed that perfect slippery wetness onto my ass hole.
His cock slid up my butt easier this time and it almost felt good. Sensing the opportunity, he pushed his big dick in even further.
I yelled out "Please don't put your dick a little deeper up my ass!"
But he just kept pushing the monster cock in there. Deeper and deeper, ever so slowly. I became more relaxed at some point. That made me worry. My gosh I thought. There I was, on the beach on a nice Sumer day, one minute I was alone playing a fun little fantasy game and now here I am getting fucked up the butt by a horny stranger!
"Please don't bang me harder and harder!" I whimpered.
And then I looked up and saw through my tears his two friends approaching naked and smiling and fully aroused. They must have been watching the whole time!
"Please don't let them join us! Please, don't let that man with the big cock gag me while the other one fucks me up the butt"!
And that must have given them ideas because the one with the big cock put it right in my mouth. I began to lick it with crazy abandon. And I was crying again and slobbering snot and phlegm everywhere. The cock in my ass was thrusting me forward onto the cock in my mouth. I was gagging and crying and slobbering and suddenly I felt a powerful kundalini sex-force explode at the bass of my spine. A force of sheer power and anal delight!
I went crazy and started yelling out crazy things: "fuck me up the ass! Gag me with cock! Fuck me even harder! Gag me with your big horny cock!"
I saw the third man's dick near my face and I grabbed it and coated it in the magic lubricant and masturbated him thoroughly. I was hungry for cock! Cock. Cock. Cock!
They tuned me over onto my back on a big towel and the second man now fed me his wet throbbing member and I took it all the way down my throat. The third one took his now-wet cock and fucked it right into my ass. I was getting fucked up the ass again! Fucked in the butt by a completely different guy this time!
"I'm so horny! I'm so horny" I cried out into the evening sun and sky.
My ass was getting a real pounding from the other man's hips while his dick kept banging my prostate causing crazy surges of pleasure with every thrust.
It was then that the muscular one came and sucked me until I was well lubricated with his juices. Then he straddled me and sat his ass slowly down on my own horny cock. "I am fucking a guy up the butt! Oh wow, fucking a guy with my horny cock!"
How exotic this was. How strange to be fucking and getting fucked in so many new and different ways all at the same time by all these dudes!
And while I was getting thoroughly fucked and the man was shrieking with pleasure and coming up my ass like a mad man, I felt the cock in my throat get really full and start pulsing for he too was coming inside me. Can you imagine? Cum pumping down my throat whilst cum was also shooting up my butt! And just then, I felt an insane horniness that erupted within my entire being. I was wracked with crazed orgasmic explosions in my anus and in my cock. I was ejaculating into a man's ass! Right up his butt!
All those things happened at the beach on that summer day and it kind of made me horny!