This is the fifth and final chapter of this story. My apology for prolonging it. While I hope that this piece stands on its own, it is a continuation of the story told in my previous works "The Performance, "The Performance CH 02," The Performance CH 03," and "The Performance CH 04." I think this chapter will make a lot more sense if you read those chapters, in sequence, first.
This story draws on some real experiences but is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any real person or entity is coincidental and unintended. Thank you very much for reading my stories. Please leave comments.
_________________________________________________________________
Several significant things happened after our group performance in the nude. Penny had got back on air. She contracted with a public radio station to do one show a week, aired at 11:00 p.m. on Thursdays, about "lifestyle and culture." Her shows covered everything from jazz music to the BDSM scene. Just before Thanksgiving, Penny became a published novelist. She had already published short stories in several journals. She started her first (I hope) novel while she was in Portland and finished the manuscript just before our performance. It was the story of a woman who joined a crew fighting forest fires who eventually became the leader of the crew and her struggles along that path. Penny said it was "inspired" by someone she knew in Portland. Whether that was true or not, the book was published and received very positive reviews.
Megan got the word at year end that she was being promoted to full professor effective at the beginning of the next academic year. That meant a significant increase in salary, fewer teaching expectations, more publishing expectations, and a much shorter list of transgressions which could get her fired. At the same time, I was promoted to associate professor. That wasn't a big pay raise but, more important, it meant that I was permanently on faculty. No more one-year appointments. However, the list of things that were "cause" for firing me was much longer than the new list that would apply to Megan.
Megan and I had become good friends with student Paula Hartweg and her boyfriend, student Mike Cairncross. Paula and Mike had been on the production crew for our performance and, in an unplanned but very welcome finale, Paula had joined the rest of us onstage nude. Paula also took my "History of Post-War Europe" class second semester that year. She told me that she needed another history credit to graduate and took the course because we knew each other. I made a mental note to keep some distance from Paula. They were both seniors, so we only needed to keep our noses clean for a few more months.
Calling a respite in our growing relationship with Paula and Mike for even a few months proved too much for Megan and me. The night of our performance, Megan's friend Evan had said that he wanted to paint Paula "with" Megan and me. In Evan's lexicon, posing "with" someone meant that the models were nude and in intimate positions. Evan particularly liked depicting people in bondage. Paula, Megan, and I discovered that we enjoyed being tied up together naked. Mike came along every time Paula posed with us and seemed to be perfectly ok with it.
Evan was very overtly gay and very open about the fact that he wanted to see Mike naked. Once Megan and Paula added their encouragement, Mike stripped off and began posing with us. No one complained when Evan posed with Megan and Mike or Paula and me. The poses included almost everything short of penetration. Being in intimate positions together for extended periods only deepened the respect, affection, and friendship that had developed between Paula, Mike, Megan, and me.
I was concerned that someone might think that the fact that I was posing nude with Paula for erotic pictures might influence the grade I gave her in class. Paula helped there. She is a very intelligent and hard-working person. Her class work was so objectively good, I was confident that I could defend any high grade which I gave her.
One negative was that Megan and I were seeing less of Penny. She had gotten her own apartment in the District and spent a lot of time on her radio shows. Her publisher had started her doing book signings just before Christmas in D.C. and Baltimore. After the Holidays, those were expanded to include places like Boston, New York, Charlotte, Atlanta, Cleveland, Chicago, Dallas, and Houston. I wondered if Penny's overloaded schedule was at all related to her comment on the night of our performance that Megan and I loved each other too much for Penny to be in a threesome with us. As the weather warmed, Megan and I spent more time nude beside Helen's and Jim's pool. Paula and Mike joined us frequently, but Penny's presence had become a rare treat.
I had very mixed emotions about Penny drawing away from us. When I had first moved to D.C., I was very interested in Penny even though, or maybe because, she was my best friends' daughter. Apparently, Penny was attracted to me too, but had second thoughts and moved to the West Coast. By the time she came back a couple of years later, Megan and I were very much in love with each other. Megan and I both loved Penny, and there was no part of our lives she had not shared. I sensed, however, that she could not have the relationship she wanted with me given my tight bond with Megan. On the other hand, maybe I was flattering myself unduly and Penny really was just very busy with things that mattered to her.
The academic year reached its climax with final exams in early May. The day after I had administered my European history final, Penny made a rare appearance at Megan's townhouse. We congratulated Penny on her recent radio show which was getting national attention. Penny had gotten two high government officials who had recently resigned on air to talk about widespread use of mood and perception altering drugs by political appointees in the current conservative "family values" administration. Major media outlets had run with the story and there appeared to be quite a bit more to it than Penny's guests had admitted on air.
Penny undressed and slouched into one of Megan's armchairs with a leg draped over each arm. "Uh, I have something that I need to tell you," she said.
"What?" Megan asked.
"Well, I'm doing it to Harry again," Penny responded.
"What do you mean?" Megan asked.
"You know that several years ago, when Harry and I first talked about getting naked onstage together, I went to Portland, Oregon to take 'the job of a lifetime' instead." Megan and I both nodded our heads. "Well," Penny said, "I'm running off again. I've been offered a one-year post as "new writer in residence" in Austin, Texas. I'm also getting a radio show there. I have to be in Austin by June 9." Penny would be gone in less than a month.
We all three got a bit drunk that night. Midway through the evening, Penny said, "Oh, shit, I left something in my car." She ran naked out to the curb and came back carrying a bag. Out of the bag she pulled a coupled of plastic bags with long tubes attached.
"What are those?" Megan asked.
Slightly giddy, Penny replied "Enema bags. I thought you and I would give each other enemas and then let Harry fuck each of us in the ass."
I helped with insertion of the enema tubes but stayed in the hall for the discharges. Megan insisted that I fuck Penny's ass first since she was moving away. Penny's asshole felt nice to me. I quickly figured out that I also need to finger Penny's pussy for her to enjoy it. At both women's insistence, I came in Penny's ass.
Penny's reactions told Megan that having a dick in her ass wasn't the ultimate sexual experience, so we decided not to wait for me to get it up again. Megan rolled onto her belly and I fingered her asshole a bit. Her asshole looked so good, and I figured she was clean, that I started kissing Megan there and worked my tongue into her asshole. Megan enjoyed my tongue in her asshole so long as I finger fucked her simultaneously. After Megan came, the girls started playing with my asshole. Megan gave me a prostate massage that got me painfully hard and Penny sucked me off. It was a night like old times.
The University had a laudable practice of sending you a memo each year listing what degrees it was conferring on students whom you had in class. A week or so after the night of anal play with Megan and Penny, that year's memo showed up. I was pleased to see that Paula was receiving her Bachelor of Fine Arts with "highest distinction," meaning that she'd graduated with, at least, a 3.8 average.
Mike had graduated too. He wasn't on my memo because I'd never had him in class. Soon after graduation, he gotten into one of the unions and was getting calls to help move rock shows in and out of area venues. He was also doing sound at area clubs which had live music. Paula hadn't found anything interesting. She was working at a nearby Starbucks.
With Penny in Texas, Megan and I spent more time with Paula and Mike. Since they were alumni now, we could be more open about it. Paula read some of the theater industry publications looking for work. Just before Memorial Day, she came to us with an announcement in one of those trades. A new show was being staged in Burlington, Vermont for two weeks at the end of July. There would be auditions for "supporting players" in New York in a week. What had caught Paula's attention was the language, "Supporting players must be willing to perform in the nude."
Paula said, "I'd love to get my bare ass onstage again." That sounded like fun to Megan and me too. We talked with Mike and decided that all four of us could spend two weeks in Vermont if we were chosen. However, it would be all or nothing. None of us would do it unless all four of us were cast. We got on the train and ended up in an empty hall on the edge of Harlem.
There was only, according to the announcement, a single day of auditions. We didn't know how many people they wanted, but there were very few at the audition. The audition was run by a heavyset woman with a crew-cut whom, we learned, was the show's director. She had everyone sit on the floor in a semi-circle. At the top of the circle, the director and three other people sat at a folding table just in front of us. Everyone would do their audition in the center of the group. The director said, "I want to see how you perform when strangers are watching."
The shorter woman with a crew-cut who sat at the Director's right called the first name and a cute young girl walked in front of the table. She answered a few questions. Then, the director said, "OK, take all your clothes off." The girl was obviously extremely nervous. After a moment's hesitation, she started to undress. After some fumbling, she finally stood naked in front of all of us.
"Ok," the Director said, "start jilling yourself."
"What?" the girl asked.
"Jilling," the Director said. "You know, masturbation. Put your fingers in your cunt and get yourself off."
"What has that got to do with this show?" the girl asked indignantly.
"Nothing," the Director said. "I want to see what your limits are on what you will do with people watching you. I assume that you can act and move well enough for this show."
The girl shook her head, gathered up her clothes, and left in tears. The next name called was Paula's.
Paula walked in front of the table. There were still about 20 people sitting on the floor. Paula was asked why she wanted a performing role when her resume said that she was a production technician. "I thought that being naked in front of an audience sounded like fun," she answered.
"Have you ever been naked onstage before," she was asked.
Paula smiled. "Yes, last September."
"What did you think about that?" another member of the team asked her.
"I loved it and want to do it again," Paula said, "that's why I'm here."
Paula was told to undress, which she did gracefully. "Ok," the Director said, "you know the drill. Masturbate for us."
Paula smiled and looked around the room. Satisfied that all eyes were on her, she put her hand between her legs. I could see her working her finger inside herself. I knew from having seen her and Mike have sex that Paula did not usually come quickly. I wondered whether the Director had the patience to wait on her.
The Director didn't have patience. Paula was just starting to breath hard when the Director said, "Stop. Leave your clothes off. Go over there." Paula looked disappointed but did as she was told.
This process was repeated several times before I was called. When I stood, one of the audition team said, "You didn't give us a resume. What have you done?"
"No acting," I said. "I'm a history professor. I've had some amateur experiences onstage but nothing worth the paper to write it down. I'm friends with the girl standing over there," I said, pointing at Paula. "She showed me and my girlfriend the announcement about this audition and we all thought it would be fun to do."
I was told to strip off and did. The Director said, "How can I get you to masturbate? You're not hard. You spend a lot of time naked in front of strangers?"
"Some," I replied.
The Director pointed at Paula. "She's one of your friends?" I nodded. To Paula, the Director yelled, "Get over here. Give your buddy a hard-on."
Paula came over and stood facing me. The Director didn't know that Paula and I had been tied up nude together in several positions while posing for Evan. We were very comfortable touching each other. Paula smiled as she took my dick in one hand and cupped my balls in the other. I looked over at Megan and Mike. They were both smiling, whether enjoying our situation or anticipating their auditions I don't know.
Paula got me hard. The Director said, "You want to finish him off?"
Paula said, enthusiastically, "Sure."
To me, the Director said, "She's cute. I assume you don't mind."
"She's a dear friend," I replied.
Paula jacked me off. When I shot, some of it hit papers on the folding table. The woman who had been using that paper was obviously repulsed. The Director, however, seemed impressed. "You two boyfriend and girlfriend?" she asked. Paula and I both shook our heads. "Ok," the Director said to me, "Leave your clothes off. Both of you go stand over there."
Paula and I walked naked to the wall the Director had pointed to. When we were out of the Director's earshot, I softly told Paula, "Thank you. That felt very good."
Paula gave me a big smile. "My pleasure," she said.
The Director did have the patience to wait while Megan finger-fucked herself to a small orgasm. In my opinion, that was far and away the best performance of the day. Mike explained that he would get off quicker if Paula helped him too. Several people had left the audition when they realized that everyone was expected to masturbate. There were sixteen people in the room who saw Paula give Mike a hand-job. Paula and Mike both seemed happy.
In the end, there were six women and six men who did masturbate. The twelve of us were called as a group back in front of the audition team. The Director said, "Ok. This is a hetero show. I want you to pair off, boy-girl, boy-girl, with someone you don't know. Once you've paired off, I want you to start playing with each other's dicks and cunts."
I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned to face an African American woman who was standing behind me. She smiled a dazzling smile and said, "Hi. I'm Patty Nash. Will you play with me?" Ms. Nash had a very pretty face, large breasts, washboard abs, and sprinter's thighs.
"It would be an honor," I replied. Ms. Nash took ahold of my dick and started stroking me. She also spread her legs. I put my hand between her legs and began rubbing her clit. After a few minutes, I worked a finger inside of Patty and began pressing hard against her pelvic bone.
As I rubbed the wall of her pussy, Patty's smile became larger. She finally said, "A few more minutes of this and you'll be getting me off."
Looking around, I saw Paula playing with a short, broad-shouldered man. Mike was with an extremely thin redhead. Megan had paired up with the only African American man in the group. Patty and I both had the other close to coming when the Director yelled, "Stop! You're all hired."
I reluctantly pulled my finger out of Patty and she let go of my dick. Patty leaned forward and whispered to me, "We'll finish some other time." I hoped that I wasn't being too disloyal to Megan by hoping that Patty's promise would be eventually fulfilled.
The Director stood up, walked away from the table, and lit a cigarette. The woman who sat to the Director's right, stood up and said, "We said the show'd run for two weeks. That was overly ambitious. We're doing seven shows July 25 through July 30. A few more performances could be cut but none will be added so you will be done on July 30. We want you there for rehearsals starting July 20. Lodging is at your expense, but we've reserved some rooms for you at a motel not far from the theater. It isn't much, but it is clean and only $ 25 per person per night. We've got three rooms and there's twelve of you, so we expect four per room. I've got a sheet for you with the information and directions. See you in Vermont."
Paula, Mike, Megan, and I left D.C. in Megan's Subaru just after midnight on July 20. We were in Burlington around 11:00 a.m. It took a little hunting to find the motel, which was a few miles north of town. We finally saw the sign reading "Green --- Motor Court." I assumed that the missing word had once been "Mountain." For the duration of the show, however, we all referred to the place as the "Green Blank."
The Green Blank was an old motel where you parked your car right outside the door to your room. There were only a dozen rooms to pick from, and an ice machine. The place looked like it had been built sometime around World War II. However, our room with two twin beds was clean, and the ice machine worked.
Our first rehearsal was at 1:00 p.m. Finding the theater was another challenge. The Yankee Playhouse turned out to be about six miles further out of town on a two-lane tertiary road. The Playhouse had a ramshackle look and, as we walked in, there was a smell of mildew in the house. But there was plenty of parking.
The four of us walked into the theater about fifteen minutes early. I saw Patty and a few others from the audition sitting auditorium seats. We joined them and the rest of the "chorus," as we called ourselves. filtered in before 1:00. The Director and the shorter woman who was her shadow were onstage with two women and a man. I assumed that those three were the leading actors. Just before 1:00, the Director told the three, "Go home. Think about it. Be back here at 8:00 in the morning."
The three actors walked offstage. The Director turned to look down at us. "What the fuck are you doing out there and what the fuck are you doing with clothes on?" she bellowed. "Onstage naked, now!"
We all undressed and walked onstage. The Director said, "Ok. Sit on the floor." Several of us looked down at the distinctly unclean stage floor. "There's nothing there that will damage your pretty little asses," the Director said, "now sit!" We reluctantly sat.
"We're not giving you scripts because none of you have any lines," the Director explained. "If you absolutely must read the script, we've got a couple of extra copies we can loan you. I wouldn't bother if I were you." Despite the several "NO SMOKING" signs posted around the auditorium; the Director lit a cigarette. Between puffs, she said, "The play is about Veronica. Veronica's parents divorced when she was very young. She was raised by her Puritanical mother but occasionally visited her libertine father. At the time of the play, Veronica has just finished college. Her mother has died, and Veronica is back in her old hometown for the funeral. Veronica's father and his current girlfriend have also shown up. So has Veronica's mother's brother and his wife. The uncle is even more Puritanical than Veronica's mother was. The play is about the fight between the father and the uncle for Veronica's sexual soul."
The Director took a few more puffs, dropped the cigarette, and ground it into the stage floor with her foot. "You guys appear in five scenes. In the first, her father has taken Veronica to a nude beach. You are the other people at the beach. Your next three scenes are dream sequences. The last scene is, well, we'll talk about that later. Ok, pair off boy-girl, boy-girl."
Naturally, Megan and I paired off as did Paula and Mike. Patty paired with the African American man. Perry was his name. He looked almost stereotypical: fit with well-defined muscles, and a huge dick. I later learned that Perry had not been a college athlete. Before he decided to try acting, he had earned a Bachelor's in physics from an Ivy League university. Perry turned out to be one of the more engaging chorus members.
The Director arranged us for the nude beach scene. She wanted two couples playing volleyball, challenging at that point as we had neither net nor ball, and the rest would be lying on the floor. "You couples lying on the beach: play with each other, but nothing too explicit," the Director instructed. Patty, Perry, Megan, and I were chosen to be the volleyball players. The Director told us, "I want a real game, not some pattycake thing. I want tits and dicks flopping around!" We spent almost two hours pretending to play volleyball while the Director precisely positioned the other couples and gave each couple detailed instructions on what they should be doing. The scene only lasted a few minutes.
We got to the second scene around 4:00 p.m. This scene was supposed to be one of Veronica's dreams. We were to be posed as couples around the perimeter of the stage while the leads played out some action in the center. The Director told us, "I want each couple doing something sexual. The only rule is no penetration. That gets us busted. Pick a pose you can hold without moving for the duration of the scene." Of course, we didn't know the duration of the scene at that point.
Megan and I chose to pose in what we thought was a passionate embrace. Other couples took similar poses. The Director circled the stage several times just looking at us. Finally, she said, "No." She assigned us to new partners. Patty got paired with a man we didn't know. Perry was partnered with the emaciated redhead. Fortunately, Megan was paired with Mike and I was paired with Paula. "OK, you will keep these pairings for the dream scenes," the Director declared. "I know that some of you are couples in real life and I've split you up. I don't give a shit. The person you're with now is your partner for the run of this show. The other two dream scenes are dynamic, not static like this one. You'd better be perfectly comfortable touching your partner anywhere on his or her body and having your partner touch you anywhere. I suggest that you spend tonight after rehearsal getting intimately familiar with your partner."
Having assigned us new partners, the Director proceeded to position each couple around the stage and put us into the poses she wanted. She turned Paula's back to me. "Jam your ass into his groin," she told Paula. "I want his dick between your cheeks." I was instructed to reach around Paula and grab one of her tits with each hand. It was a pose we could hold for a long time, and we did. Once the Director got Paula and I posed, she ignored us. We held the pose while she over an hour posing the other couples. Megan was finally posed on her knees in front of Mike. She had Mike's dick in her hand as if about to give him a blow job.
It was a little after 7:00 p.m. when the Director was finally satisfied with our poses for the second scene. "That's it for tonight," the Director declared. "But we didn't make nearly enough progress today. I want you here at noon tomorrow. It will be a long one, be prepared."
We dressed and got back into the Subaru. All four of us were hungry. As we drove back to the Green Blank, we saw diner with a few cars and trucks in the gravel parking lot. A Budweiser sign was lit in one window. We didn't remember seeing anywhere else to eat driving out to the Playhouse, so we stopped. As we walked in, we saw four other chorus members, including Perry and the emaciated redhead, had gotten there ahead of us. Patty and some others walked in behind us. We pushed a couple of tables together and all sat together.
The food turned out to be surprisingly good. We all had beer because the diner didn't serve wine or mixed drinks. As we ate, one of the chorus members whom I hadn't met began complaining about our pay: $ 150 per day.
Patty shut that down immediately. "I don't want any bitching about pay or conditions," she said. "We all know we're not up here for the money. We're here because this is the only show this summer in which no-names like us get to show off their dicks and cunts. Stars who want to be nude can do that revival of Equus on Broadway. People like us come here to show off nude onstage."
Patty was right. That was why Megan, Paula, Mike, and I were doing this. The emaciated redhead, Alicia, said, "I'd go to Egypt and get fucked by a camel if I could do it nude in front of an audience." I hoped that was hyperbole. An older couple sitting at the table next to us stopped eating, went up to the cash register, paid, and walked out.
The four of us stripped as soon as we got back to our room at the Green Blank. Mike said, "The Director wants us to spend tonight getting 'intimately familiar' with our onstage partners. How do you propose that we do that?"
Megan stood up and walked over to Mike. "Let me show you," she said. She took Mike's dick in her hand and kissed him. Mike began fondling Megan's tits.
Paula came to me and sat down in my lap, facing me. "I think they've got a good idea," she said. I hugged her and we shared a long kiss. In a short time, Mike was on his back on one twin bed and Megan was riding him a she likes to do. Paula was on her back on the other bed and I was on top of Paula pushing my dick into her. While the four of us had done a lot together over the preceding months, this was the first time we'd had intercourse with each other's partners. I can't speak for Megan and Mike, but Paula and I agreed to make our first time with each other last as long as possible. While intercourse with Megan is incomparable, fucking Paula felt pretty damned good. I think she enjoyed it.
I was still pumping Paula and sucking on one of her nipples when I heard the distinctive sound of Megan orgasming followed by Mike's grunts. Paula giggled at the sound of her boyfriend and my girlfriend coming. A few minutes later, Paula bit down on her lower lip for a moment. Her eyes seemed to have sparks in them. She said, "Harry, let go, now!" I picked up my pace and Paula contracted her pelvic muscles to increase the sensation for both of us. It required an effort to keep myself moving inside of her, but it was worth it. A few moments later, Paula's legs, which had been wrapped around me, contracted violently. She shrieked and dug her fingers into my back. It was, however, the incredible look on Paula's face as she came that sent me over the edge.
A few minutes after Paula and I experienced our first shared orgasm, Megan said sweetly, "That looked like fun." Paula and I started laughing.
Megan slept with Mike that night and I slept with Paula. In the morning, I think we were all a little unsure of where our swapping partners had left us. Once we were all awake, we sat in bed for a moment looking at each other. Paula broke the silence, saying, "Well, I guess we crossed some sort of a line last night."
Megan replied, "I'm not sure it was a bad thing. Did you enjoy sex with Harry?"
"Well, yeah," Paula replied, "as I guess you know, he's a good fuck."
"Ok," Megan responded, "Mike's a good fuck too. I don't see any problem. We're adults. We care about each other. We respect each other."
"So," Mike said, "we're all agreed that Megan and Harry are a couple and Paula and I are a couple, but Harry and Paula can fuck whenever they want, and Megan and I can fuck whenever we want?"
Paula giggled and added, "Or, you could fuck Harry."
"No offense, Harry," Mike said, "but that is NOT going to happen."
"Thank you," I said very sincerely.
Paula said, "I think we've been heading to this point, now that I think about it. Given what we had already done together, it's probably inevitable that we'd eventually start fucking the other person's partner."
"You're probably right," Megan said, "but that doesn't answer Mike's question of whether we agree that sex between any of the four of us is ok going forward."
"Any of the four of us?" Mike repeated. "I already said that I'm not fucking Harry and I think Harry strongly agrees with that."
"I do," I said.
"I know," Megan said coyly, "I just want to preserve the option for Paula and me to get together."
"You do have a spectacular body," Paula said.
"Ok," Megan said, "I'll ask Harry: are you ok with Mike fucking me in the future? That doesn't mean that I love you less. It only means that I have your permission to give and receive pleasure with Mike."
I looked at Megan. In that moment, I was acutely aware of how much I loved her. The idea of agreeing that she could fuck another man, even Mike whom I admired greatly, was difficult. However, as I thought it through, I couldn't see how it would be a problem. "You both have my permission," I said.
Mike said, "Paula, are you ok with me fucking Megan?"
Paula smiled. "On two conditions," she said, "One: you don't stop fucking me; and two: you give me permission to fuck Harry whenever I feel like it."
"Absolutely," Mike said.
"Just to be clear," I said to Megan, "Paula's condition applies to us too. Just because you can fuck Mike doesn't mean that we stop making love."
"Of course, Harry," Megan said, "I'm not substituting Mike for you. I'm adding Mike just like you're adding Paula." That seemed like a good outcome.
Mike and I both got out of bed. We walked past each other and got in bed with our long-term partners. Megan and I hugged. I started rolling one of her nipples between my fingers. Megan started rubbing a finger just behind my balls. I moved my hand from her breast and put it between her legs. I rubbed her clit with my index finger. After a few minutes, Megan simply said, "Please?" I lay on my back and Megan mounted me.
Megan's movements up and down my dick were slow and loving. At one point, Megan leaned forward and whispered, "Mike's nice, but you're the man I love."
"Can I keep you forever?" I whispered back.
Megan sat back up. She looked down at me and smiled. In a normal tone of voice, she said, "Yes." Those were the last words we spoke for quite a while.
I was so engrossed in Megan that I was oblivious to whatever Paula and Mike were doing. I got the general idea when I heard another of Paula's shrieks. I didn't recall the girl having been that loud when she came in the past. The sound of Paula's pleasure was the trigger for the orgasms Megan and I had been building towards. Ours weren't as loud, but I'm sure they were at least as intense.
Once we'd all gotten our breath and pulse back to normal, Paula said, a little sheepishly, "Damn, I'm sorry about the screaming. It's just, well, the O Harry gave me last night and the one from Mike just now were, well, they were a new level of intensity."
Megan said, laughing, "So, going forward, we're going to hear that bloodcurdling scream every time you have a good orgasm?"
"Shit, I'm afraid you might," Paula replied.
"That's ok," I said, "it just means that a dear friend is having fun."
The bathtub/shower in our room was tiny. That didn't stop all four of us from trying to shower together. It worked so long as each of us washed someone else.
When we arrived at rehearsal at noon, Patty loudly announced, "Somebody got laid, but good, in room 8 last night and again this morning." Room 8 was our room. I glanced at Paula.
Paula was no longer as embarrassed by her coital noises. She announced to the room, "By two different guys, no less."
The Director said, very loudly, "I don't give a rat's ass about your sexual escapades. Just get your clothes off and get up here. All of you!"
The first half of rehearsal that day was devoted to the second dream scene. Insofar as we were concerned, the idea was that a spotlight would focus on each couple in turn. We had some action to do during our time in the spotlight. The Director had Mike pick up Megan and spin her so that her head was to the floor and her feet were in the air. Holding her legs, Mike then had to lift Megan until her vulva was level with his face and her face was level with his dick. They had to hold that position until the spotlight moved off them.
The Director's idea for Paula and me was, I thought, more devilish. I was supposed to hold Paula over my head in a supine position while she spread her legs as far as she could. We figured out how to do that with surprising ease. Then, the Director added a twist. She wanted Paula to twist while above my head into a prone position. Paula was then supposed to slide down my body until her feet reached the stage. We were to end the action by embracing and kissing.
The twist part took some work and I had to catch Paula several times to keep her from hurting herself. The slide down my body was less demanding. However, each time she did it, my dick caught between Paula's thighs. The Director thought that was fine, and I wasn't complaining. However, I did start getting hard. That was a no-no.
Another interesting feature of the rehearsals was the Director's insistence that we undress at the beginning of rehearsal and stay nude until the day's session was over. We took breaks in the nude. We went to the john in the nude (Only the men's room plumbing worked so we quickly got used to it being unisex. The women's room was supposed to be repaired by opening night). Two of the chorus smoked. Unlike the Director, they had to go into the parking lot to smoke and had to do so in the nude.
The upside of the mandatory nudity rule at rehearsal, maybe intended, was that all twelve of us got comfortable being nude around each other and around all the clothed people who were, for various reasons, at the rehearsals. We had also figured out that the twelve of us were the only guests at the Green Blank. By July 22, most of us were going nude at the motel including walking between rooms and to the ice machine. The old couple who ran the place didn't care so long as they got their money.
July 22 was also our first full cast rehearsal, meaning that we started rehearsing the scenes with the actors who had dialog. When we met Carrie Wey, the young woman playing Veronica, the first thought in my mind was "cheerleader." Carrie was blonde, had big tits, and wore a perpetual smile; almost the stereotypical cheerleader. That was interesting because she was supposed to appear nude in several of the scenes with us, starting with the nude beach scene. I hadn't known any "cheerleader" types who voluntarily went nude in public.
Consistent with her dealings with us, the Director stated unequivocally that the featured actors "must" be nude to rehearse scenes in which they would appear in the nude during the run. Derek, the actor who played Veronica's father, and Clarisse, who played the father's girlfriend, casually stripped off for the nude beach scene. Carrie came out in a bathrobe and started bitching about how it wasn't necessary for her to be nude to rehearse the scene. Of course, all that did was ensure that everyone in the theater was focused on her when the Director finally decreed that she undress on the spot or be fired. I assume that was the calculation behind Carrie's tantrum. She certainly had a body that she should have been proud to expose.
The other thing which Carrie's tantrum did was to incite the Director. The Director started giving Carrie much more detailed direction on her actions and movements during the nude scenes than she gave the other actors. The effect was that, by the end of a performance, the audience would see every bit of Carrie. I wondered whether that had been part of her plan.
If it sounds like I'm dumping on Carrie, I really don't mean to. She was pleasant enough to all of us, and she took the final scene in stride. The final scene of the show was supposed to establish Veronica's decision, on her own, to reject the strictures imposed by her mother and uncle and embrace sexual liberation. Alone, Veronica takes herself to a sex club where we, the chorus, were playing the nude patrons. Veronica sees the mass of naked bodies writhing against each other, hesitates, then strips off and joyously runs into the middle of us.
Of course, we and Carrie had to be nude to rehearse the final scene. The Director's instructions to us were, "Rub ourselves against each other. Handle each other's tits, dicks, asses, and cunts." I wondered whether the show would be allowed to open, but no one outside the cast and crew seemed to be paying the slightest attention to us. The Director's instructions for when Veronica ran into our crowd were even more explicit. "Grab her tits. Goose her. I want your hands all over her." To Carrie's credit, that is exactly what we did to her and she seemed to like it.
We were having so much fun in rehearsal and at the Green Blank that opening night seemed anti-climactic. We had seen a little of the publicity for the show which said that the show would "break boundaries." It didn't, however, mention the extensive nudity and sex short of intercourse. I wondered if the audiences had any clue what they were coming to see.
That first night, very few came. The auditorium was only about a third full. Still, when we came on for the nude beach scene and Megan and I played volleyball with Patty and Perry, I felt the same exhilaration I'd felt when Megan, Patty, Helen, Jim, and, ultimately, Paula had undress onstage before an audience. I was just sorry that there weren't more people there to see my dick flop around.
The local paper had a rather scathing review the next day. The part I recall read, "Since we do not have high-end strip clubs in this community, I can recommend this show if you have a desire to see a number of very attractive nude bodies. If, however, you wish to see a quality play, you will be sorely disappointed." Apparently, a lot of people did want to see nude bodies. Our Friday night show and the two performances on Saturday were sold out. Those were much more raucous audiences than I had ever encountered in a theater before. However, their energy, and the occasional comment shouted at the stage made the performances more fun for us. We loosened up because the audience was loose. There was a lot more hand to pubes and pubes to pubes contact. The audiences seemed to like that. I was a little surprised that the audiences seemed to split about 50-50 male and female.
We also took curtain calls in the nude. I was gratified those three performances because, it seemed to me, that the loudest applause came when Megan took her one step forward. Paula was also well-received. My moment came at the end of the Saturday night show. As I took my one step forward, a female voice yelled from the audience, "I'd suck him." Of course, the voice did sound a little drunk.
My nagging fear materialized when we got to the Playhouse for the Sunday matinee and saw police cars in the parking lot. Before we pulled in, we saw the woman who shadowed the Director standing across the road from the Playhouse waving us to her. Megan parked on the side of the road and lowered a window.
The woman came up to the window and said, "For the moment at least, we're shut down. They say we're obscene under community standards. I think you should leave now. Go back to the Green Blank. Someone will contact you there when we know what's going to happen."
We drove back to the Green Blank. A few minutes later, Patty and Perry pulled in. We walked up to them. Patty got out of the car and said, "Shit. I was having fun with no clothes on."
Megan smiled and said, "No reason we need clothes on now." She began undressing in the parking lot.
Patty said, "Girl, I like how you think." Patty began undressing. Paula, Mike, and I looked at each other and shrugged. We started undressing.
Perry had gone to the car's trunk. He came back with a case of beer. "This is the only alcohol we could find here on a Sunday," he said. He looked at the rest of us as we removed the last of our clothing. "Yeah," he said, "I like naked better too." Perry started undressing.
A few minutes later, another car full of chorus members, including Alicia, pulled in. They had also stopped for beer. They cheered when they saw the six of us standing in the motel parking lot naked. Soon, all twelve of us were enjoying a nude beer blast at the Green Blank.
Orville, the man of the couple who ran the Green Blank, came up after we'd been out for about a half hour. I expected to be told to get dressed or the police would be there immediately. Instead, what Orville said was, "I got cold beer when you need more. Got some whiskey too. Just don't tell anyone that I sold it to you." Orville took very long looks at Megan, Paula, and Patty.
About an hour later, middle of Sunday afternoon, another car pulled in carrying Carrie, Clarisse, and Derek. Derek got out of the car and said, "What have we here? We stopped by just to tell you that the show's closed for good. It looks like we found a party!"
Clarisse got out of the car and said, "Can we join you?"
"If you get those clothes off," Patty responded.
"That was my plan anyway," Clarisse said smiling. She and Derek quickly shucked their clothes.
Carrie had gotten out of the car too. Speaking to everyone, she said, "Derek forgot to tell you that the producer is saying that we'll all be paid through Tuesday. I wouldn't count on that. From what I heard, it looks like they may bring criminal charges against the producer and the Director. So far, no one's talking about coming after us."
Paula raised a beer and said to Carrie, "Join the party."
Carrie looked at the fourteen naked people standing in front of her in a rundown motel parking lot. She smiled and said, "What the fuck. You've all seen it and touched it already." She pulled her dress over her head.
The party went on all afternoon and evening. We did buy more beer from Orville, at exorbitant prices. We also ordered pizza. The delivery driver was a woman. She seemed most impressed by Perry.
Despite the length of the party, no one seemed truly intoxicated. We'd pulled chairs and a couple of tables out of the rooms in order to eat. After the pizza was finished, we all sat around, naked, talking. People were talking about shows they had done. The topic shifted to roles people wanted to play. That evolved into what would be everyone's dream role. When it was Megan's turn, she surprised me. "I'm not an actress," she said, "and I don't know what roles for women are out there. However, if I could do absolutely anything I wanted, I'd like to be fucked by Harry onstage in front of a full house."
Paula said, "Yeah. Doing Mike onstage would be special."
There was a momentary silence before Patty said, "There aren't a lot of us, but we are an audience."
Megan and Paula looked at each other. I saw both sets of eyes drift to an old picnic table set up at the end of the parking lot. It was more sheltered from view than where we were sitting. Megan suddenly stood up. She bent down, grabbed my hand, and said, "Come on." She started leading me to the picnic table.
"You really want to have sex in front of these people?" I asked.
"Don't you?" Megan replied.
I thought about that for a moment. The answer was that I did. I turned my head to see whether the others were following us. Paula and Mike were right behind us. The others were still in front of the rooms, doubting, I suppose, that we'd really do it.
Megan, Paula, Mike, and I reached the picnic table. Megan hugged me and began stroking my dick. I started fingering her. Paula and Mike were getting each other worked up too. Finally, Megan pointed at the table and said, "On your back." I lay on my back on the rough surface.
Mike had Paula lie on her back right next to me. Our shoulders were touching. Mike angled Paula's lower body away from me slightly so that he and Megan would have room to work.
The others came quickly when they saw Megan mounting me. I saw Mike mount Paula and then saw the other ten people, all nude, circle around us. Paula took my right hand in her left.
This wasn't slow, tender lovemaking. We were putting on a show. I was using my hips and legs to push Megan and she rode me, almost literally, like riding a bucking horse. Megan's tits were bouncing, and she threw her head back. Paula had locked her legs around Mike and was visibly trying to pull him into her. Looking around, I could see the excitement and lust in the faces of our new friends who had circled around us. Most were starting to play with themselves.
I could feel the rough parts of the table cutting into my back and shoulders. I didn't care, but I hoped that Paula wasn't having the same experience. I was also getting cramps in my back. As the cramps were getting severe, I could feel myself about to shoot. I felt Megan shudder. She collapsed onto my chest as I shot into her. Just after that, I heard one of Paula's shrieks and Mike's grunts. Paula and I were still holding hands. Her hand gripped mine so tightly that it hurt.
It was a good orgasm, but we were truly drained. I think that was more due to the thrills and fears of the day than the actual sex. Megan lay on top of me with me still in her for quite a while. I'd no objection to that. Patty, Perry, Carrie, Clarisse, Derek, Alicia, and the others stood around us for quite a while. A couple of the guys who'd been jacking while we fucked shot. Finally, Patty said, "That was a damned good performance." Our friends started clapping.
Megan got off me and Mike got off Paula. Paula sat up and looked at Mike, then Megan, then me. She was ginning. She reached a finger out and daubed up some semen from the head of my dick. Paula put the finger in her mouth. Megan ran her finger along the inside of Paula's thigh, gathering up some of Mike's come. Megan put her finger in her mouth. I sat up. The four of us put our arms around each other and hugged tightly. Our new friends clapped louder.