Please note, this is a true story. However, I've changed the names, ages, occupations and places to protect the other person's privacy. I have no shame so enjoy, LOL.
............................
Pam: The Thrill of Getting Caught 3
The Boss's Desk
Friday night, 7pm rolls around. The last person that left Pam's office was at 630pm. The cleaning crews for the building that are contracted to their office are scheduled for early am. Pam had left early from work that day to go home and wash up for our "fun" in her office later that evening after everyone left. Since she had a key card the lobby security guard downstairs didn't give us any grief being there late.
We get inside her office and before she can lock it behind us I lift her in my arms. I carry her to our "fucking" destination. As we head down the hall and pass her office she says, "Um you just passed it." She was expecting us to use her office but I had other plans. I get right to her boss's door. "Wait, no we can't go in there." She tells me.
I completely disregard her concerns. The only thing that would stop me is if the door was locked. I use my foot to push the handle down and the door opens. Once inside, I set her down on the chair side of the desk. And before she can really protest I throw everything off the boss's desk. Picking her up and placing her down on it.
My hands rip open her blouse. Buttons flying everywhere. Her braless breasts come into view. I grab her face and start kissing her. My hands push her skirt up and the open air brushes across her panty less opening. You could feel the electricity between us. For the time being her fears were gone and lust was taking over. I purposely didn't fuck her and teased the hell out of her for 2 weeks prior; to get her extra frisky.
Her legs are spread with my body between them. She tears off my belt and pushes down my pants. My cock springs out already throbbing hard. She had been waiting weeks for this. And doesn't waste a second trying to get my cock in her. She pulls it to her entrance.
I move my hips back; she pulls me in again. I pull back once more then out of lust she growls, "You better fuck me now!". I move my cock to her entrance. Sliding it up and down the exterior. Dampening the tip of my cock with her wetness. But not going inside, where she wanted me to go. Teasing and tormenting her body. "You fucker, give it to me." She says as you can hear the frustration in her voice.
For the last 2 weeks I told her we couldn't fuck. I wanted to see if we had more than sexual lust that keeps us together and if there was more here. I would tease her several ways during the 2 weeks though. I started with some naughty phone sex with no release. My words were getting her so wet and wanton. But I ordered her to stop before she was to climax.
After that, I transitioned to dropping off lunch to her. Then I'd kiss her and run my hands all over her body. Tell her how much I wanted her. To be inside and pleasuring her. Getting her so fucking horny. But leave before anything could/would happen.
I slowly slide my cock inside her. Going in a little then pulling all the way out. Then a little more in and all the way back out. I finally get half way in then pull all the way back out. She grabs my face and demandingly says, "Stop fucking teasing me and give it to me, NOW!"
Just as she says that, I ram my hard cock all the way inside her. "Yes!" She calls out. She had been wanting and needing this. Now she was about to get it. My hips start furiously pumping into her. My lips try to kiss hers but she just grabs my head and holds it next to hers. By doing this she signaled to me she just needs to be fucked.
I oblige her wishes this time and continue my ramming into her. My hands start squeezing her breasts. My eyes passionately looked at her. Pam's breathing is becoming more rapid. All that pent up sexual frustration from my teasing the past few weeks has turned Pam into a different person. A sex maniac, who needs to climax asap.
I pull my cock all the way out, slowly. Then one big forceful thrust in. Back out again slowly. A quick rough pinch of her right nipple just as I forcefully thrust back inside her and then Pam's climax rocks her body. I don't let up; I move back to the constant ramming. She is screaming deliriously and enough to be heard by the whole floor.
Her head is leaning on my shoulder. My arms move around her body holding her. The way her body shakes when she climaxes is so freaking hot. I look at her, while continue ramming into her. Could it get any better than this, what an wonderful climax she just had.
Well, I look over and see a man wearing a security guard outfit looking directly at us. I tap Pam, look at her and tilt my head in his direction. Pam looks over and is mortified to see security here. We were busted. She was going to get in so much trouble. Her mood instantly changed.
However, I direct her to look down. And see the man with his hand moving up and down his shaft. He had a nice thick shaft about 1/2 an ich bigger than me. Before she could say anything, I pull out of her. I move her butt off the desk. Push her down over the desk and shove my cock into her.
I had to push her down onto the desk at an angle. The desk was too wide straight on for what I wanted to happen next. The security guard moves his shaft over to Pam's face. "Remember when the window washer caught us and you said you'd suck his cock if it was inside the room with us. Now this man's shaft is staring at you. What are you going to do?" I asked her with my voice in a very teasing way.
Pam reaches out and pulls the shaft closer to her face. She starts to kiss the big shiny mushroom head. Her hand is wrapped around it and stroking that shaft. The security guard has his hands crossed on his chest and looking down at her. He had this, "That's right you better suck my cock smirk on his face".
I was still giving it to her. I was lasting much longer. My body wasn't as pent up as Pam's body was. I purposely and you could say fiendishly wanted her to be more sexually wanting for a specific reason. Since we weren't exclusive yet and a certain visitor from out of town came calling, I had some naughty fun. A story for another day.
Pam wasn't just sucking his cock out of being horny. She was also doing it to shut him up so he wouldn't tell anyone. What she didn't realize to much later was this action did much for her than horny and salvation did. This nice, elegant woman I met has turned into a lustful slut. And I was loving it.
Moans of approval were escaping his mouth. Pam had started taking more of his shaft in her mouth. I grab the lube from her purse. I put some on my fingers and move one into her rear entrance. I alternate fucking her with my cock and finger. Once I get a steady rhythm I get a second finger in there. She knew I was coming for that ass.
As soon as I felt comfortable she was lubed and warmed up enough back there. I pull out of her; She was expecting for me to fuck her ass but didn't expect the way I went about it. I pull her head off the security guard's mouth. I move her around the table to a more open part of the room. I turn her to face him.
Then to her surprise the security guard picks Pam up. Her legs wrapped around his body. The man's shaft enters her. I stand there and watch as he starting to fuck her in the upstanding citizen position. I move closer and start to spank her as she's getting fucked.
Pam, not expecting any of this and before today would have rejected this whole evenings events was embracing it. The nice, elegant woman would never do such things. Fucking in her boss's office with 2 men and completely losing it. "Yes, fuck me, harder, harder, oh yes." Pam calls out. The security guard was giving it to her good. And I kept encouraging it with my spanking of Pam.
Fortunately, his height and torso ratio wasn't way off from me so I could enter her. I move my cock to her rear entrance. I adjust my legs slightly so we don't hit knees. I hold them in place for just a moment. My cock begins moving into her rear entrance. Pam is in shock with a mix of pain and pleasure. Her head is spinning from everything happening.
My hard cock slides deeper and deeper into her hole. Once all the way inside I hold it there. Her hands still wrapped around his neck. I look over to the security guard and we both start finding the right pace to double fuck her. After a few test thrusts we get into a major groove. Like it wasn't the first time either of us have done this (wink).
Our cocks pistoning in and out of her. Pam's pussy and asshole being filled up. Being epically pleasured. Being thoroughly fucked. Her screams into the air fill up the room. Drowning out both mine and his moans. Her head thrashing uncontrollably from side to side. This is one of those sexual encounters if filmed, where you'd send into a porn company for a contest or audition.
"Oh my god, oh my god, I can't, I can't, Oooooooh fuck." Pam's second orgasm hits quickly again. It overwhelms her completely. Her body shaking and weak in his arms. She had never had this feeling of two cocks inside her. Fucking her senseless, fucking her to ecstasy and fucking her to climax. But a type of climax she had never felt before.
Watching her climax that strong that intense, sends me over the top. I yell out and unload into her rear entrance. My mind had several thoughts going through it during my eruption. That's what I'm fucking talking about! That's how you do a 3 way! That's how you fuck in the boss's office!
If your going to take a huge risk and get fired for fucking in the boss's office, make sure you go out with a bang! And speaking of bangs. The security guard was still banging away at Pam's weakened body. I step back and start spanking her again. Then I slip a few fingers in her and start fucking her rear entrance again.
I could feel the thin layer between her asshole and pussy. I felt it already while my cock was in there but now more so that my fingers were in there. And I definitely felt a pulse when his cock blasted his sperm into her pussy. The security guard wasn't as vocal as Pam and I was when we came. But his "Fuck yeah!" was good enough for us to know his orgasm was a strong one.
If Pam thought it was over she was wrong. He lays her down on the couch and moves his face to her pussy. The security guard dives face first into her. Pam yells out as his tongue is relentless. Pam was so turned on by him eating her out just after releasing his sperm into that same hole. But she was even more surprised when he lifted up her legs to lick her other hole.
The security guard was rotating between both holes. He is tasting both our juices. This really sent Pam into shock. What he was doing was something Pam never would've thought someone would do. This man was not only cleaning out his but also my cum from her. Seeing this I had to get in on the action.
I move to sit next to Pam. I tell Pam to move his face to her pussy so he knows to keep it there. I lean Pam's upper torso slightly toward mine. I move her right hand onto my quickly hardening cock. She knows what to do. As she starts stroking my cock I grab her and kiss her passionately.
Her hand gripping my cock firmly. Moving up and down my cock. In a manner just the way I like. While this man was madly eating her out. Pam was thinking, "Man this must be his lucky night". Granted Pam's pussy did taste good. And he was having at it.
Then Pam did something that pleasantly surprised me. "Did you like what you've done to me. You've turned me into such a slut. Now I've just fucked 2 guys for the first time. And.....I loved it!" She whispers into my ear. And her words were like magic to me. I screamed out in ecstasy hearing her say those things. My cock launched load after load of cum all over both of us.
I grab her head and passionately kiss her some more. I could feel some of my juices on her chest as my left hand fondled her left breast. Pam's kissing became a little erratic. I can tell she was also getting close again. This time instead of hearing her scream, I wanted her to scream into my mouth. I wanted to feel her lips as she climaxed again.
The security guard slipped 2 fingers into Pam's pussy. This caused a jolt in her and she jumped a little. With our lips still locked, I open my eyes and see out the corner of my eye he is finger fucking her. Pam's left hand was gripping behind my neck tighter. Her 3rd orgasm was on the way. And I wanted her to have it just as much as she wanted to feel it.
My left hand stopped fondling her breasts. I found her erect nipples and pinched then twisted the left one. Then moved over to the right one. The waterworks started. Pam's mouth went from more kissing to trying to scream. I felt her mouth shake and vibrate. Then her left hand on my neck fell to the side.
I broke the kiss and held her in my arms. I looked over at the security guard. You could clearly see his face and his shirt was covered in Pam's fluids. It's quite the thrill to see an eruption like that. He thanked us and grabs his clothes. He walked out the door with a swagger like he just had a great time.
We sat on the couch kissing and holding each other more. After a while we decided to leave. Pam and I went to wash up. Then returned to clean up the office and put things back as best we could to what it looked like. Before we left Pam said, "We got really lucky he was cool."
What Pam didn't know; I had this all planned. I had wanted Pam to be more sexually wanting so she'd be more lustful and receptive to this 3 way. I know how sinister of me. For all Pam's talk she'd be open to another person joining us, I also knew she could have just said those things during sex. And once someone is no longer as aroused they over think things/get into their heads too much. Which ends up with them getting in their own way and missing out on the fun. So I left as little to chance as possible.
The security guard's name was Jin. And he wasn't even a real security guard. He snuck into the building earlier and was hiding out in the empty 14th floor office. He changed into that outfit and came down stairs because I invited him. Jin and I had double teamed and swapped women over the years. It's nice having a buddy who's down to join the fun and not mess with your relationship on the emotional side. This moment was one of the best sexual experiences she's ever had. You're welcome Pam.