ALL CHARACTERS ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.
-----------------------------------------
Todd Everman's heart skipped a beat as his finger hovered over the Submit button.
It always did, every time he was about to publish a new story.
His mind raced. He'd reviewed the thing a dozen times already. Should he check it one last time for errors?
No. It was time to let it go. Set it free. It was either good enough or it wasn't.
With a satisfied smile, his finger pressed the screen.
It was done. Of course, it wouldn't go public for at least a few days. Nothing he could do about that except let the wheels turn as the administrator reviewed it to make sure its content met the site rules.
But his stories were usually short, and he'd built up some trust over the past several months he'd been writing amateur porn, and so the turnaround time was usually pretty quick.
Still, he hated waiting.
Todd felt pretty good about this one. While he'd experimented with several various genres and kinks, this one was something different for him, and he was excited about it. He just hoped his readers would be, too.
Todd stared at his screen for several moments before finally returning to the site home screen.
It was still relatively early, not yet 11pm by the glow of his digital alarm clock. And it was Friday night, which meant he could sleep in tomorrow.
Todd glanced over at Sharon. She'd been snoring softly for the past twenty minutes. He doubted he would disturb her too much, especially since she'd taken a little herbal "sleep aid" earlier.
She'd shrugged off his half-hearted advances when she'd come to bed, with her usual litany of excuses and an unconvincing "maybe next time."
Which was fine; Todd hadn't really expected her to be interested. She rarely was anymore, and it allowed him time to put the finishing touches on his story.
Now his plan was simple: read a half decent story to get him turned on, then pop the headphones on and find a porn video to finish the job.
The video wouldn't matter much; a cute girl, the right look in her eye, a good cumshot finish he could time his own orgasm to.
It was the STORY that mattered. One that would grab ahold of his already active imagination and take him to another world; a world where the woman you loved didn't fall asleep on you without first at least sucking your cock like your spunk was the only thing that sustained her.
A world where middle age and creeping malaise didn't turn a once passionate romance into dull routine and quick, uninspired couplings on an increasingly infrequent basis.
With a last side glance at his sleeping wife, Todd turned his attention to the menu screen.
The right story was there.
Somewhere.
------------------------------------------
Todd couldn't decide which was most annoying; the blaring alarm clock, or the bright sunshine streaming in through the bedroom window.
Todd flailed blindly for the snooze button, finally silencing the noise with a satisfying smack.
"Coulda swore I turned the damn thing off last night," he mumbled to himself. Pulling the sheets up over his face, he did his best to block out the almost blinding rays.
Todd wanted nothing more than to go back to sleep, but now another matter pressed him. Although this one was far less unpleasant.
His hand moved instinctively to the source of his discomfort; the throbbing lump of flesh currently awake and demanding his attention.
"Haven't woken up this hard in a while,"he thought as he caressed his aching member.
Todd's eyes flew open. Something was different. VERY different.
Sitting up, he threw back the covers. His cock jumped to full height, saluting him.
His cock. His huge, massive, thick cock.
Normally he was just a smidge over six inches. Nothing to complain about, surely.
But the fully engorged beast now raging between his legs was... well, it was tough to guess at a glance, but certainly closer to eight, maybe nine. And at least double his usual thickness.
"What the...?"
But that wasn't the only thing that was different. His voice sounded strange in his years. Younger. Less gravely.
His body felt different, too.
Todd sprang out of bed and ran to the full length mirror on the far wall.
The body of a man half his age greeted him in the reflection. A body unweathered by time. The tone, fit, firm body of a young man in his early twenties, not the paunchy middle aged one he'd gone to bed with.
"I must be dreaming. Or maybe I accidentally ate one of Sharon's THC gummies."
Todd whirled around at the thought of his wife. "Sharon?"
The bed was empty.
But it wasn't their bed.
It wasn't their bedroom.
Wedding portraits and store bought paintings of woodland scenes had been replaced with Sports Illustrated pinup models and several tattered punk rock posters.
Sharon's dresser was gone; in its place stood a gaming station with a large flat screen with a tattered football jersey hanging over it.
Todd scanned the room for anything remotely familiar and found nothing. If it was indeed a dream, and of course it must be, it borrowed nothing from his real life, not even his youth.
Despite every logical fiber of his being telling him it was just a dream, Todd felt panic creeping up inside him. "Sharon? SHARON???"
"Who's Sharon?"
The voice startled Todd so badly he almost fell backwards. Steadying himself, he spun towards the sound.
A middle aged woman stood in the doorway, regarding him quizzically.
Her long, wet hair cascaded over her shoulders, spilling into the ample cleavage displayed by the very loosely tied bathrobe she wore.
Her dark eyes shone with a mix of curiosity and excitement. Her lips twisted in a strange yet alluring smile.
Todd didn't know her. Yet she looked somehow familiar.
His mouth opened to speak, a million questions forming at once, yet unable to vocalize any of them.
"Cat got your tongue? I said, who's Sharon?"
"She... she... she's... gone."
The woman sighed, annoyed. "Oh, Billy. How many times have I told you not to bring home those flighty young bimbos?"
"Billy???"Todd thought."Who the fuck is Billy?"
Slowly she entered the room, the tie of her robe coming undone as she moved. Her breasts bounced with each step until all but the nipples were revealed.
It was only then that Todd remembered he was naked. And erect. He wanted to cover himself, but was still frozen in shock.
The woman's eyes flicked down to his pulsing member as she paused mere inches from him. She smelled of bath soap and body lotion.
She chewed at her lower lip softly. "She left you high and dry, didn't she? Stupid girl. But that's okay, dear. Don't you worry. Mommy will take good care of you, make it all better."
"MOMMY???"
The robe hit the floor with a soft woosh. Then she was in his arms.
Or, more accurately, he was in hers. The only muscle of his body currently able to move was the one between his legs.
He groaned as it pressed against her lower abdomen. Her hand found it, squeezing gently. "Relax, son. Not like this is the first time your mother has had to relieve your excitement."
Sliding down him, she dropped to her knees. She looked up, licking her lips.
In the moment their eyes met, Todd finally recognized her.
Madison! The main character from his first story, "Mom's Backseat Boy."
It was a pretty standard trope; a mother releases her long pent up lust for her son after a road trip where she's forced to sit on his lap.
There were a thousand different variations of that story by a thousand different writers, and yet it had still been one of his most popular.
And most of that was due to Madison. Readers loved her witty charm and stunning, natural beauty.
They also raved about her talented deepthroat abilities.
Abilities she was apparently about to demonstrate to him personally.
"Fuck it,"thought Todd,"It's a dream. May as well roll with it, right?"
Finally his frozen limbs thawed. His hands found her head, running his fingers through her still damp curls.
"I'm sorry, Mom. I should have remembered no one takes care of me like you do."
Madison smiled warmly. "It's okay, sweetie. I'll always be here to remind you."
With that, her lips wrapped around him, and with barely a gulp or gag, she swallowed him to the hilt.
"Ohhhh, fuck!"
Todd's body trembled, every nerve ending on fire as Madison... as Mommy... worked her magic, sliding up and down his massive cock with graceful ease.
Full, lush lips worked in tandem with slippery tongue, vibrations from the back of her throat sending shivers up his spine as she hummed merrily with her efforts.
But it was those eyes, those dark eyes, boring into his soul, that truly stirred his lust.
They were the eyes of a woman who took pride in her work, who loved giving pleasure with her mouth.
Again and again Madison brought him to the brink, only to pull back, release him with a sloppy plop, running her tongue over the swollen head of his cock while swirling it over her soft wet lips in small, slow circles, her hand gripping his base tightly, holding back the impending storm.
Sensing he could take no more, she again engulfed him, her nose buried in his pubes, holding her position as he swelled and finally released his load deep into her eager throat.
Madison swallowed reflexively, sucking hard on his shaft, drawing out every last drop before releasing him with a satisfied sigh.
A mix of spit and cum dribbled down her chin as she grinned up at him. "Feel better, sweetie?"
"Oh, fuck yes," Todd gasped, still wracked in the aftershocks of his quake-like orgasm.
"Good boy." Madison stood and slipped her robe back on, but left it untied, giving Todd his first true good look at her mature, sexy body. "Maybe later tonight, you can return the favor. But for now, you need to get going. You promised the Wilson's you'd look at their broken air conditioner first thing this morning, remember?"
Todd of course had no idea what she was talking about, but nodded stupidly. "Oh, of course, right. The... Wilson's. They're... they're...?"
Madison laughed softly. "Blood still not flowing back to your brain yet? Our neighbors next door, silly boy. Now hurry and get cleaned up. It's gonna be a scorcher today, and I'd hate to think of poor Candi all alone over there, sweltering in the heat."
Todd could taste himself on her lips as she gave him a loving, lingering kiss. "Oh, and don't forget; your father can never find out about us."
And then she was gone.
Todd stood alone in the aftermath, scratching his head in confusion.
He figured he'd surely wake up from this wild but delightful dream after that mind blowing climax.
And yet, here he was, still here.
Unsure of what else to do, he decided to follow where the dream was obviously leading him.
After a quick search, Todd found a towel laying on the floor. Covering himself, he stepped out into the hall and made his way towards what he hoped was the bathroom at the far end.
His progress was cut short when a young woman suddenly exited her own bedroom, almost plowing into him.
"Where're you headed off to in such a rush?"
Todd stepped back. The girl moved in front of him, blocking his path, giving him a full view of her petite body.
Her eyes met his with suspicion. "Was that Mom I heard leaving your room a minute ago? It was, wasn't it?"
"Um, yeah, she was just... reminding me to... go over to the Wilson's and... fix their air conditioner."
"You're going to see Candi?" Her eyes furrowed deeper. "That little slut. Bet their AC won't be the only thing you'll be 'fixing.'"
With a cute pout, she put her hands on her curvy hips. Her pert little breasts thrust forward, bouncing slightly as she rocked on her heels. "Well, just remember to save some for me tonight."
Todd, yet again, found himself staring in vapid confusion.
The freckle faced young woman leaned in closer. Her hand landed on his cock, already swelling under the towel.
"You promised you'd finally teach your little sister how to give a blowjob, remember?" she informed him with a conspiratorial whisper.
"Little sister?he thought."This has gotta be Jenny. From the sequel chapter."
Out loud, he replied, "Oh. Um, right. Sure. No problem. Tonight. Sure."
"Good." Her hand gripped him tighter. "I've been wanting a better look at this since that night I caught you jerking off in the bathroom while spying out the window at my friends in the pool during my 18th birthday party."
With a quick spin, Jenny wiggled her firm little ass at him. "Who knows? Maybe you'll get a better look at me, too."
Then she too was gone, back behind her bedroom door.
Todd suddenly felt claustrophobic. He needed to get out of this crazy house.
Forgoing the planned shower, he instead went back to his room, rummaged through the drawers for some clothes, got dressed and ran down the stairs.
He was almost to the front door when Madison's voice stopped him. "Forgetting something?"
Todd turned to her warily.
Maddison sat on the living room couch, still clad only in her fluffy white robe. One long, bare leg crossed over the other as she shifted in her seat.
"Your tools. Not gonna be able to fix anything without them. They're right there on the floor. Got them up from the basement for you."
Todd grabbed the leather strap of the tool bag. "Thanks, Mad...um, Mom. Gotta go!"
Todd scrambled out the door, letting out a sigh of relief as it slammed behind him.
The heat of the day hammered him. His knees felt weak. Dropping the tool bag, he plopped down on the stoop with an exhausted groan.
Something wasn't right. He should have woken up by now, surely.
He'd had sex dreams before, but never anything this vivid. This REAL.
Todd closed his eyes, desperate to stop the spinning in his head.
"Wake up. Wake up, dammit. Wake the fuck UP!"
The dizzy spell passed, but upon opening his eyes, Todd found himself still on the stoop.
With a resigned sigh, he stood and picked up the tool bag. "Guess I'll just have to keep going til this plays out."
At the end of the walk, he paused, unsure which direction to go. The mailbox to his left clued him in, the name WILSON clearly labeled on it in large black letters.
It only took a few steps to the front door. It opened before he could ring the bell.
He shouldn't have been surprised at the sight that greeted him, yet of course he was.
A beautiful young blonde stood in the doorway, wearing nothing but the skimpiest of bikinis.
She may as well have been nude. The tiny triangles of the top barely covered the nipples of her buxom breasts. Meanwhile, the thin strip of the bottom was only wide enough to cover the hairless feminine cleft beneath it.
Todd managed to tear his gaze away from her nubile young body long enough to meet her ocean blue eyes.
"Mr. Couglar! Boy, am I glad to see you!"
"Mr. Couglar? Now what?"
Todd's question was answered when he caught his reflection in the door glass pane.
Somewhere between the house he'd left and here, he had morphed into an older version of himself. Yet still not exactly him. More rugged, more handsome. Definitely more fit and toned.
And the all too familiar stirring in his faded jeans told him the new, improved cock he'd woken up with earlier was still just as huge.
And just as horny.
"Mr. Couglar. Candi. Of course. My second story. 'The Girl Next Whore.' I should have known."
The story was another erotica trope, of course. Older married man, seduced by the beautiful young neighbor.
Todd knew how this played out. Still, he felt strangely compelled to go along.
"Good to see you, Candi. Happy to help. Can't have you melt here all alone while your parents are at work, now can I?"
"Oh, you have no idea," Candi giggled. "Look at me, I'm all sweaty. I was about to try and cool off in the pool when you arrived."
Todd followed her into the house, admiring her tight little bubble butt, the string of her bikini bottom buried between her firm, well tanned cheeks.
Candi turned and smiled when she caught him looking. "So, where do you wanna get started?"
"Um, HVAC unit is in the basement, right? I'm assuming the breaker box is as well?"
"The what box?"
"The breaker box. So I can shut the... oh, nevermind, just point me to the basement."
Candi led the way downstairs, affording him more time to oogle her almost nude body.
The heat was only slightly less oppressive in the basement. Still, Todd was already sweating.
He located the breaker box easily enough. The switches were labeled, fortunately. Todd reached out to flick the HVAC switch, but it was already in the OFF position.
Toggling it, there was a click, followed by a power hum and, moments later, the rush of air blowing through the ductwork.
"Well, if that wasn't the easiest fix ever," Todd chuckled. "Circuit tripped. Must have been a surge. Happens a lot in the summer; overtaxed power grids."
Candi squealed excitedly. "It's fixed? Oh my God, you must think I'm such an idiot! I can't believe I never thought of that. I feel so stupid!"
"Don't," Todd smiled. "How would you know if no one ever showed you? But at least now you'll know for next time, if it happens again."
Candi threw herself into him. "Oh, Mr. Couglar, thank you! I owe you, big time!"
Todd's cock stirred in his pants as Candi's hug lingered, his arms around the small of her back. Her skin was warm, soft, inviting.
Candi must have felt it, but instead of pulling away, she pushed herself against him. "You know, it'll take awhile for the house to cool down. Wanna join me for a swim?"
"I'd love to, but I didn't bring a swimsuit."
Candi arched an eye. "That's okay. You can just swim in your boxers. Or less, if you prefer," she winked.
Although still convinced this was just a dream, Todd felt obliged to offer up the standard objection. "I don't think my wife would approve of that."
Candi's breath was warm on his lips, her own mere inches away. "I won't tell if you won't."
They barely made it out of the basement. Candi's suit was off before she reached the top stair.
Todd's clothes were off by the living room. They didn't make it to the pool, instead collapsing in a sweaty heap on the couch.
Lips met. Bodies entwined. Hands and tongues explored.
Round One was fast and furious, as Todd bent her over the couch and rammed her from behind.
Round Two did eventually reach the pool, Todd chasing a naked, laughing Candi into the yard, where she dove naked into the cleansing water.
Todd followed quickly and soon enough Candi was straddling him, legs wrapped around his back, water splashing as their bodies ground together.
Round Three took them to Candi's shower, and then finally her bed, where their coupling was slower, gentler, almost loving.
Afterwards, they lay together, snuggling, until Candi's phone chirped, warning her that her father was on his way home early.
With a promise to "do it again soon," and of course to "keep this our little secret," Todd dressed and scrambled out the door.
As Todd stepped out of the house, his head again began to swim. The world blurred, and he had to blink several times to clear his vision.
He was again lost as to his next move. He didn't want to return to Madison's house. So instead he began to walk.
The neighborhood was completely unfamiliar to him, and yet he felt he'd seen it before.
Modern houses, white picket fences, neatly mowed lawns and trimmed hedges. No people. Like a movie set waiting for the actors and crew to arrive.
Todd walked on, turning corners at random, not paying attention to where he was going, his mind too preoccupied with his situation.
The longer this went on, the less it felt like just a dream. And yet it obviously couldn't be reality. New body, incredible stamina, multiple orgasms. People and events that only existed in porn stories.
His stories. With only minor variations, each situation he'd found himself in so far had been in the stories he'd written.
Had he gone insane? Fallen into a delusional word inside his own mind? Was Sharon right now trying to wake him up as he lay in bed, raving and drooling like a madman?
Sharon. She filled his thoughts. Visions of her ran through his mind, like pages flipping in a magazine.
And then he saw her. Not just in his head, but actually there. Alone, on a bus station bench, smoking a cigarette and staring forlorn into the darkening summer sky.
Except it wasn't her. Not exactly.
For one, she was much younger; in her early twenties, right around the age when they'd first met.
She was also thinner. Not that she got fat as she'd aged, but they'd both put on a few pounds as time advanced and bodies grew older.
She looked stunning. Her dark skin glowed with a light sheen of sweat. Her long black braids were pulled back in a girlish ponytail, probably to keep her hair off her neck in this heat.
Her brown eyes regarded him warily as he ran up to her.
"Sharon??? Oh my God! You're here! What... how...?"
"Who the hell are you?" Sharon barked with a puff of smoke.
"It's me, Todd! Your husband! Look, I know this must seem crazy but I'm so glad I found you! I..."
Sharon jumped up from the bench as he reached out to embrace her. "Don't you touch me, asshole! Name's Shane, not Sharon. You got me mixed up with someone else. Now piss off, crackhead, before I call the cops!"
"Shane."The name registered in Todd's mind."She thinks she's Shane. But that must mean... oh, Jesus, no."
"Shane" was already walking away from him, heading towards the apartment building on the corner.
"Shar... Shane, wait! Hold up, come back, please! Let me explain! It's me! Todd! Please remember!"
"Nothing to explain, White Boy," she snarled. "I don't know you! And you sure as fuck don't know me! Now leave me alone!"
"Shane Hodder! You live at Alpine Apartments, 601 Dalton Street!"
"Yeah, no shit, Sherlock, it's the building right behind me! Big sign above the entrance, not that hard to figure out!"
"You live on the fourth floor, apartment 409. You live with two roommates; Ari, 23, Asian, and Gianna, 22, Latina. You're college students, struggling to get by. Your roommates earn money by selling sex content online and are trying to convince you to join them."
Shane / Sharon stopped dead in her tracks. She turned on him angrily. "How the fuck do you know all that? You stalking us, you fucking sicko?"
Todd stayed a respectful distance from her, but stood his ground. "Because I wrote the damn story. And I modeled the character of Shane after my wife, Sharon. We met in her senior year of college. Fell in love. Got married. Spent the past 19 years together. Coming up on our 20th, actually."
Shane's eyes softened as Todd went on, a dawning realization slowly creeping in as he continued. "I know this sounds crazy, but you're her. You're Sharon. The Sharon I met back then. You just don't recognize me because... oh, of course!"
Ever since he'd woken up here, Todd had been inhabiting the bodies of his fictional characters. While they were based on him, they of course looked very different.
Up until now he'd had no control over it. But perhaps he could change that. Todd closed his eyes and concentrated, focused on remembering his true self.
After a moment, he felt another dizzy spell, but not as bad as his previous ones. His body felt fluid, in motion.
And then it was over. He'd changed back to normal.
Todd opened his eyes to find Sharon staring, slack jawed and wide eyed. "Oh my God. Todd???"
She ran to embrace him. "I remember now! I remember you, my life, our life! What happened? Where are we? What is this place?"
They held each other tight. "I'm so sorry, Sharon. I... I think this is all my fault. Come, let's sit. We need to talk."
Todd led her back to the bench. They sat in an awkward silence for several moments while he found his nerve to begin.
"For the past several months, I've been writing stories. Erotic stories. Posting them online at a site for amateur authors.
"I woke up this morning in a strange house, in a new body. There was a woman there, she... well, she thought she was my mother. It took me a while to realize she was a character from my very first story."
Sharon listened quietly as Todd told the rest of his tale, of the strange series of events that had happened to him over the past several hours.
"I thought it was all just a dream, a dream I couldn't wake up from. But somehow, I'm here. We're here. And I think it's really happening."
"But... but if this is your dream, your fantasy world, how did I get dragged into it?"
Todd sighed. "Everything that's been happening, while not exactly the same, has been in the order of the stories I wrote. My third story was 'The Dykes Of Dalton Street.' Pure lesbian fantasy. And... and I based the character of Shane on you."
Sharon glared at him. "So wait, I told you about that ONE time I fooled around with a college roommate and you had to turn it into a full blown lesbian porn?"
"Erotica, not porn," Todd sheepishly corrected.
"I woke up this morning to two girls scissoring each other in bed next to me," Sharon snapped. "Gianna fucked me in the ass with a strap on, Todd! I let her do it! I don't even LIKE anal!
"Ari tied me to the bedpost and ate my pussy til I squirted, something else I've never done! I haven't been with a woman since that ONE time at college when I was drunk. And yet there I was, strapped down, with Gianna grinding her pussy in my face while Ari went down on me. So don't tell me that's 'erotica,' Todd. Dress it up however you like, but that's PORN! And you wrote it!"
"I'm sorry," said Todd. "But come on, we used to watch some pretty kinky stuff back in the day; I thought you liked it."
"I liked WATCHING it. Doesn't mean I wanted to DO it!"
"Look, it was just a STORY! How the hell was I supposed to know THIS would happen? It's not like I planned it!"
Sharon was quiet for a moment. "Okay. I get it. You wrote some kinky stories, created your own little Pornville fantasy world. No harm in that, I suppose. But now it's come to life; we're living it. The question is, how do we get out?"
Todd steeled himself to answer. "Honestly? I don't know. I can only guess. But everything that's happened so far has happened in the order of my stories. So I... I think we just have to finish... living them."
"Fuck," Sharon sighed. "How many stories did you write?"
Todd did some quick math. "Ten. Including the one I just submitted last night."
"How many are left?"
"Seven."
"How many more include me?"
"Three."
"Goddammit." Sharon sat, face in hands.
After what felt like an eternal silence, she spoke. "So, what's the next one?"
Todd shifted uncomfortably. "A sequel to 'The Dykes Of Dalton Street.'"
"That's offensive, you know."
"What's offensive?"
"'Dykes. It's derogatory."
"None of my readers complained."
"None of your MALE readers."
Todd had no reply for that.
"So what happens in the sequel?"
"Shane brings home her boyfriend, Tim. They have a four-way."
"Oh, for fuck's sake. You realize if they're fucking a guy, they're not truly lesbians, right?"
"Jesus, Sharon, you really wanna nitpick my writing right now?"
"Yeah, I kinda do. Because it just sounds like an excuse for you to live out your little racist fantasy of fucking a black girl, an Asian girl, and a Latina all in one night."
"Racist??? How is that racist? I thought I was being inclusive!"
"Giana speaks broken English. And Ari actually said, 'Ah, me so horny, me love you long time,' before she went down on me! I'm assuming you wrote that."
"It was just a joke, a line from a movie!"
"Still racist."
"That's harsh, Sharon."
"Okay, maybe not 'racist.' But your characters are stereotypes, one dimensional. All they care about is sex. If they're not doing it, they're talking about it. If they're not talking about it, they're thinking about it."
"Okay, that's fair; been told that before in the reader's comments. Something to work on, I'll grant you that."
More silence. The clouds overhead thickened, hinting at a summer shower.
"Look, hun," said Sharon, "if I'm coming off as hard on you, I'm sorry. I get it. I have my fantasies too, ya know.
"And I'm not gonna lie; last night was... fun. But now I'm sitting here wondering if I actually enjoyed myself, or if it's only because I was a character in your story and you wrote it that way."
"Well, now that your memory has returned," Todd ventured, "maybe we can go upstairs, finish the next chapter, and see what you think after."
"You really just expect me to go up there and have an orgy with you and those two girls?"
Todd shrugged. "I can't make you, obviously. But I don't see that we have much choice."
Sharon sighed. "Crazy as this sounds, I think you're right. Technically, we both already cheated on each other, although mine wasn't MY fault. But if this is just some crazy fantasy world, then it doesn't really count anyway, right? And if it's somehow real, well... at least this time, we're going in together, eyes wide open."
Sharon stood, reached for his hand. "Come on, then. No sense putting it off. Besides, looks like a storm's brewing."
Todd followed her to the entrance of the apartment. Sharon paused at the door. "Not going up like that, are you?"
Todd was confused as to what she meant, but before he could respond he once again felt his body transform back to his younger, fictional version.
Sharon eyed him approvingly. "Looking good, hun. Now, let's go fuck some nymphs."
------------------------------------------
THE NEXT MORNING
Todd and Sharon sat on the bench, looking exhausted and disheveled.
"Well," Sharon sighed, "we're still here."
"Yeah, I was kinda hoping we'd wake up in our own bed after falling asleep last night, but..."
"Well, maybe you slept; I know I kept waking up to elbows and knees jammed into me. That bed was way too crowded."
"Oh, come on," Todd grinned, "it wasn't all bad, was it?"
Sharon gave a reluctant smile. "No. I guess not. It had its moments. I just wish..."
"What? Just say what's on your mind."
"I just wish you'd have spent a little more time with me. You spent most of the night focused on Ari and Gianna."
"I'm sorry, Sharon. You could have said something."
"No, I get it. It was your fantasy, after all. A chance at some new pussy. After all these years, I'm sure you're tired of mine."
"Oh come on, it's not like that."
"Sure it is. Isn't that why you started writing sex stories? Because you're bored with me?"
"No! Not at all! I'm not bored with you, hun. Just... I just... wish you were a little more... adventurous, sometimes."
"I know. And I know my sex drive hasn't been what it used to be. And I'm sorry if I'm not always up to meeting your needs. But group sex and wild orgies aren't really my thing, babe. Sure, they can be fun to watch in porn, but I didn't really plan on living those kinda things out for real."
"I know, and again, I'm sorry."
"Stop apologizing. I know you didn't plan on this. And it seems we're stuck here, so I may as well just accept it. Anyway, what's next on the agenda? It certainly can't get any crazier than last night, right?"
"Well, um..."
"Just tell me."
Reluctantly, Todd told her.
"No. Absolutely not," Sharon objected.
"Babe, I don't see any other choice. It's the next story."
"Don't 'babe' me right now, Todd. You seriously don't expect me to go along with this."
"Sharon, look I'm..."
"If you say you're sorry one more time, I may strangle you."
The tension between them was palpable. Todd sat, head hung, unsure of what to say, or how to make it better.
With a sudden resolve, Sharon stood. "Come on then. Let's get it over with."
They walked together aimlessly for some time, Todd not really sure where they were going, only that they'd know when they found it.
And then it was there. A sign, off in the distance: "ADULT BOOK STORE."
"What's the name of this story again?" Sharon asked.
"Glory Hole Wife," Todd blushed.
"And how many stranger's dicks do I have to suck?"
"I... I don't know. I didn't exactly put a number on it. But... a lot."
"And this is what gets you off?"
"It's just a..."
"Just a story. I know. Let's get on with it, then."
As they approached the entrance, Todd again felt his body transform. Older now, although not his full age. Still in better physical shape.
Sharon had also transformed, late twenties, early thirties perhaps.
Her body had filled out as well, more voluptuous curves than her younger self.
Her outfit had remained the same; a white halter top that showed off her braless breasts quite well, her large, dark nipples clearly visible beneath the sheer fabric.
Her short, tight black skirt barely covered her ample ass. Todd knew already she wore no panties beneath it.
The store was busy of course, at least a dozen men milling around, browsing various sex toys and videos on the rack.
They all turned as one when Sharon entered, Todd close behind her.
It took him a moment to realize what was wrong: None of them had faces.
Sharon noticed as well. "Too lazy to write any actual features for them, huh?"
"I didn't think what they looked like was important."
"Of course you didn't. Bet they all have huge dicks, though, right?"
Before he could answer, Sharon moved away, heading towards the video booth section in the back. Todd scrambled to keep up.
She paused at the curtain slung over the entrance, turning back towards the shop. "You boys coming? I'll be waiting."
Slipping behind the curtain, Sharon strode purposefully down the dark hall, stopping at a booth in the middle.
Opening the door, she stepped inside. "Well? You coming in or not?"
Todd followed her into the cramped booth, closing the door behind him.
Sharon was already stripping off her top. Todd reached for her breasts instinctively, but she slapped his hand away. "These aren't for you. Not now. Maybe not ever again."
Dropping to her knees, she called out, "Okay, who's first?"
A response was quick in coming; a fat, thick cock thrust its way through the left side hole.
"Mmmm, now look at that," Sharon purred, eying Todd sarcastically, "now THAT'S what I call a real cock!"
Tim watched, fascinated yet aghast, as she wrapped her lips around the stranger's swollen head and began to suck.
Fascinated, because it had been quite some time since he'd last seen her this enthusiastic about giving head.
Aghast, because it wasn't his cock.
Sharon gulped and gagged as she worked, her hand sliding up and down the shaft in time with her lips, trails of spit dripping down her chin onto her swaying tits.
Todd had fantasized about watching Sharon with another man, but now that it was happening, he had mixed feelings.
It was of course exciting, arousing, and yet he also knew, deep down, she really didn't want to be there.
Still, his own cock throbbed in his pants. Unable, or perhaps just unwilling to contain it, he unzipped and pulled it out.
To his surprise, it was its normal, average size. He'd stopped mentioning specific penis sizes by the time he'd written this story, opting instead for more generic and descriptive terms like large, thick, or fat.
And he'd never assigned a size to himself in this story, only a passing mention that all the other men were larger than him.
"At least I didn't write the Small Penis Humiliation angle I'd considered,"he thought gratefully.
Sharon spotted him stroking himself from the corner of her eye and released the fat, veiny cock from her lips with a slurp. "Is this what you wanted, Todd? Is this what you wanted to see me do? Does this get you off, watching your wife be a whore, a slut for your pleasure?"
Todd flushed furiously but said nothing. In the story, Sharon had said those exact words as well. But it was supposed to be sexy, hot, titillating dirty talk.
Now, it just felt humiliating.
Still, he continued to masturbate as Sharon resumed the blowjob.
Groans from the other side of the booth signaled the stranger was close. Sharon again released him from her oral grip. "Where should he finish, husband? In my mouth? On my pretty face? On my big, sweaty tits? What'll get you off more, hmm?"
"Sharon, I..."
"Jesus, Todd! This is YOUR fantasy! Be a man about it! Tell me where you want his cum!"
"Your face," Todd blurted.
Sharon turned back to the cock still throbbing in her hand and stroked it furiously, spitting on it at random intervals.
It only took seconds before it erupted, shooting reams of thick spunk across her cheeks, nose and chin.
Sharon continued jerking, smearing the still pulsing cock over her face, rubbing the gooey mess into her skin.
Finally she let go. The cock disappeared from the hole, only to be replaced moments later by another, just as long and thick.
Sharon immediately went back to work, but now her free hand was between her legs, frigging herself. Her enthusiastic moans filled the small booth, along with the scent of her arousal.
Todd reached down to caress her ass, sticking out from under her skirt, only to again be rebuffed. "No touching. Just stand there and jerk off while you watch," she snapped.
The second beneficiary of her oral aptitude spilled his load on her tits, to be followed by a third, this time finishing in her mouth.
Instead of swallowing, Sharon looked up at Todd as she pushed the creamy mess out between her lips with her tongue. "Look at me, all covered in stranger's cum! What a slut I am! Don't you just love it?"
And so it continued. Cock after cock, load after load of pearly white cream, standing out against her ebony skin.
It was everywhere; arms, breasts, stomach, thighs. Long strands dripped from her hair, running down her neck, shoulders and back.
But her face bore the brunt of most of it, covering her like a liquid mask.
On and on it went, Sharon never tiring, neither of the sucking, nor of rubbing herself to multiple orgasms as she worked. Her thick thighs glistened with sweat and grool.
As yet another load splattered over her, she again looked up at her husband. "How many more, Todd? How many are left?"
Todd poked his head out the door. "Just two."
"Good." Sharon stood, her knees popping with the effort. "My turn to finally get something out of this."
Brushing past Todd, Sharon stepped out of the booth. Two faceless men stood there, massive cocks at attention.
Sharon pulled off her cum drenched skirt, revealing her thick, curly bush. "Which of you boys wants to fuck me first?"
"Sharon, wait," Todd objected, "in the story, you only had to blow them, you don't have to..."
"Oh, I know I don't HAVE to fuck them," Sharon smirked. "But I WANT to. You think I got any true pleasure from being on my knees all that time? You've had more than your share of fun in this little porno world you've created. Now it's my turn."
As she spoke, the bodies of the two faceless men morphed; the one on the left was now a large, muscular black man, the other a very handsome fellow with more than a passing resemblance to Pedro Pascal.
Sharon dropped to all fours, crawling over to them. The black man moved behind her, positioning himself to enter her as she took the other man's cock in hand.
With a wicked gleam in her eye, she turned back to Todd. "Now it's your turn to watch me fuck two strangers."
The two men set to work spit roasting her, the one pounding away at her from behind while the other fucked her throat.
Todd stood by helplessly, his still hard cock in his hand, as he watched his wife act out her revenge fantasy.
Despite the marathon blowjob session she'd been through, Sharon was surprisingly energetic, giving as good as she got; thrusting hard to take the huge black cock pumping her while slobbering eagerly over the one in her mouth.
Sharon took complete control; directing them to various positions, alternating between fucking and sucking each of her new partners, her groans loud and intense with each of her many orgasms.
Todd despaired at the sheer pleasure on her face; she was enjoying herself, far too much for his comfort.
After what felt like an eternity, her new lovers signaled their impending release.
They came simultaneously, one filling her dripping pussy while she eagerly swallowed the other's load.
The men helped her to her feet. Sharon hugged and kissed each of them in turn. "Thank you, boys. Good job."
Silently, the men turned and disappeared behind the exit curtain.
Sharon turned to Todd, dripping in cum and sweat. "So is this story over now?"
"Not... not quite," Todd stammered. "I still have to... to..."
Sharon sighed. "Of course you do."
She knelt before him, her dark eyes cold. "Go on. Finish it."
Todd had been edging himself the entire time. It didn't take him long. He howled in both pleasure and rage as his load erupted, adding to the mess already covering his loving wife.
She took it without a hint of emotion. And yet her eyes spoke volumes as to her contempt.
When he finished, she stood. "Are we done here?"
"Yes. Look, Sharon, I'm..."
But Sharon was already heading for the exit.
Todd raced behind her. "Wait! Where are you going?"
"Back to the apartment," she snapped, neither turning nor pausing. "I don't really have anywhere else to go, do I?"
The door to the shop clanged noisily as she threw it open and stepped outside.
"You're just... leaving?" Todd was incredulous. "What about your clothes? You're gonna walk all the way back stark naked?"
"Why not? After that, I feel I've earned a Walk Of Shame, don't you? Besides, do you really think anyone in this insane fantasy town will care?"
"But we still have other stories..."
Sharon finally stopped, spinning on him angrily. "No, YOU have other stories to act out! I'm DONE! Go, fuck your little fantasy whores, but count me OUT. I've had more than enough!"
"But Sharon..."
"Leave me alone, Todd! Please! I just... I need some space. Please."
Tears in his eyes, Todd watched her walk away.
He waited until she disappeared around the corner before setting off himself.
He wandered the empty streets until dark. Eventually he found himself back in front of the house where he'd started this strange adventure.
With nowhere else to go, he quietly slipped inside and upstairs to "Billy's" bedroom, his body transforming back into character as he opened the door.
His "sister," Jenny, was waiting for him, sprawled on the bed, wearing only a sheer negligee.
"It's about time you got home, Big Brother," she grinned at him. "I thought you forgot about me."
Todd sighed wearily. "Look, Jenny, I know what you're expecting, but can it wait? I'm truly tired, and really not up for..."
"Oh, come on, you promised," Jenny pouted. "How am I supposed to learn how to please my future boyfriends if you won't help me?"
"Jesus. Did I really write this drivel? It's not even that creative."
The petite, freckled redhead sat up on the bed, pulling off her lacy lingerie to reveal her fully nude body. "Maybe this will help motivate you."
Laying back, she shyly parted her legs, showing off her light pink folds, surrounded by a neatly trimmed tuft of fine pubes that perfectly matched her hair.
"Where the hell did the red hair come from?Todd thought crazily."Her mother Madison is brunette. Must be from the father's side. I never did describe him."
Despite his exhaustion, and his current depression over the possible failure of his marriage, Todd felt the blood beginning to fill his once again enormous cock.
Jenny was, after all, very beautiful. Green eyes implored him silently as she stretched her lithe body out over the bed like a kitten laying in the sun.
"Fuck it. Next story. May as well check it off the list."
Todd took off his shirt, but left his jeans on so that Jenny of course could remove them for the "Grand Unveiling."
She ooh'd and ah'd as he knew she would, then got down to the business of sucking her first dick.
He "coached" her, as the story dictated he should. Not that she needed it, really. Despite her "virgin" status, she was, of course, a natural, and was soon deep throating him with ease.
When he came, she swallowed eagerly, and gushed about how good his cum tasted. And how she'd want more, and soon.
Thankfully, she didn't ask him to fuck her. He could have kept going of course; the male characters in his stories never needed much recovery time between orgasms. But he hadn't written that chapter yet, so for now, she was "not ready just yet" to lose her virginity.
Jenny snuck off back to her own room with a wink and a shy smile, leaving Todd at last alone with his somber thoughts.
He wondered what Sharon was doing right now. Was she off sulking alone somewhere? Or was she tangled up in yet another sex romp with her fictional roomies?
What would become of their marriage, if and when they ever got out of here?
She obviously wasn't very happy after the Glory Hole fiasco, but she had to understand he'd never actually expected her to have to live through that, right?
He had to convince her somehow that he still loved her for her; that despite his fantasies, he didn't see her as simply some sex object for his own perverse amusement.
There was only one way to do it. He didn't know if it would work. But he had to try.
First, though, he had a few last stories to live out.
-----------------------------------------
Todd woke the next morning to an empty house. He wasn't entirely surprised. He hadn't yet gotten around to writing more stories involving Madison or Jenny, so he supposed that, now that they had served their purpose, there was no real reason for them to be there.
After a shower and raiding the fridge for some breakfast, (fortunately there was some food in the house; he wasn't sure there would be. He never bothered to write any scenes of people eating,) Todd set off to find his next adventure.
It didn't take him long. He knew where to go: back to the Adult Book Store, this time to fuck a shy, nerdy librarian who'd lived a quiet, repressed life and was looking to cut loose and do something crazy.
The next day, he "borrowed" Madison's car to drive around town until he found the lovely young hitchhiker he knew was waiting for him to pick her up, and was all too willing to blow him for the ride.
After that, it was a visit to a local tavern called Sharkey's to pick up a beautiful, busty businesswoman, in town for a conference and looking for a One Night Stand.
There was just one story left. But for this one, he'd need Sharon.
He'd regularly gone past the apartment the past several days, but she was nowhere to be found.
The front door was security locked, and no one was ever there to buzz him in.
Still, he had to try again, for both their sakes.
Before he left the house for what he hoped was the final time, Todd rummaged through the closets, finding some supplies he'd need for this one, along with a large bag to carry them.
Once again he set off on the trek to the apartment.
To his surprise and great joy, he saw her; again sitting on the bench, cigarette pressed between her lips.
She puffed out a cloud as he cautiously approached. "Figured if I waited out here long enough, you'd come by. Finish all your fantasy stories yet?"
Todd nodded. "All but one."
"Right. Of course. And you need me for it."
"Yes."
Sharon had been avoiding his eye, but finally looked at him. "Sit. We need to talk."
Todd sat beside her. He waited in silence as she finished her smoke, crushing it out on the walk. "Didn't I quit these things ten years ago?" she grumbled.
"We both did," Todd laughed softly. "But we're both younger versions of ourselves in these stories. So we both still smoked."
"Makes sense, I guess."
"Got a spare? I wouldn't mind one myself right now."
Sharon shook open her pack. "Last two. Guess we're quitting again after these, huh?"
Todd took the cigarette and accepted her offer of a light. The first puff made him cough, but old habits die hard, and he inhaled the next one easily.
Sharon offered him a wry grin as she lit the remaining smoke. "Like riding a bike, ain't it?"
Todd smiled and nodded. "Yeah, unfortunately."
"So look," Sharon began, "I've had the past few days to think about everything. Ari and Gianna have been MIA, so I've had the apartment to myself.
"I wanna start by saying I'm not mad at you anymore. I understand you never planned on any of this. I get you were just writing stories.
"I guess what really upset me the most was that you didn't feel comfortable enough to talk to me about it. That you kept it a secret."
Todd nodded. "I was afraid you wouldn't understand. That you'd think I was just a pervert. Or that I, you know, actually wanted you to act out these fantasies."
"I get that," Sharon nodded. "I also get our sex life isn't what it used to be. And that's something we can work on, together. But it starts with honesty and communication, hun. And I'm not putting it all on you. I need to work at it too."
"I appreciate that, thank you. And I promise, I'll try harder from now on."
"Me too."
Sharon took his hand. Together they sat, quietly finishing their smokes.
"So, what's the last story about?" Sharon asked, tossing her butt.
Todd stood, picking up the bag he brought. "I know we just talked about communication, but, if you still trust me, I think I'd rather just... surprise you."
Sharon regarded him for a moment. "Okay. I still trust you."
Taking his hand, they walked side by side.
Todd knew where he was going this time; he'd already scouted the location in his travels.
They didn't have far to go. The smell of salt in the air and the sound of crashing surf told him they were close.
"The beach?" Sharon smiled. "Wasn't expecting that. I love the beach."
"I know."
They crested the dune at the end of the street and were treated to a spectacular view of the bright blue ocean crashing into the white sand shoreline.
"It's beautiful," Sharon whispered.
As they made their way along the beach, Sharon finally noticed the people. "Wait, is this a... nude beach?"
"Yes."
"I've always wanted to visit a nude beach."
"I know."
They kept walking. As they approached one couple, sprawled out on a blanket, Todd noticed the two were quietly spooning, the man gently pumping his partner from behind.
Other couples scattered across the beach were similarly engaged, some full on fucking, others casually masturbating each other or giving their partner oral.
Sharon spotted them, too. "Oh, God. It's gonna be an orgy, isn't it?"
"It's not an orgy, Sharon, I promise. Just trust me."
They kept going, walking past still more couples, all engaged in some form of intimacy.
Eventually they found a clearing large enough. Todd pulled out the blanket he'd brought from his bag. After laying it out, he wordlessly began to strip off his clothes.
Sharon eyed him nervously. "I don't know about this, babe."
"Relax, hun. I promise, you'll enjoy this one. Just... let it happen."
Sharon sighed, then began to undress. "Oh, what the hell. You only live once."
In moments, they were both completely naked. They stood, facing each other with silly grins.
Sharon looked radiant, her dark skin already shining with a light sheen of sweat. "Now what?"
Rummaging through the bag, Todd produced a bottle of suntan lotion. "Now, we oil each other up so we don't burn."
"Oh I don't have to worry about that as much as you do," Sharon laughed.
"I know," Todd smirked. "But I'd very much like to rub it on you anyway."
"I bet you would."
Sharon sat on the blanket. Todd knelt behind and began applying the lotion, starting at her neck and shoulders, then down her back.
His hands lingered as he moved along her body, not just rubbing in the oil, but massaging her as well.
Sharon sighed softly. "That feels lovely, hun."
Todd took his time, spending plenty of time on her lower back. Applying more lotion, he continued next to her arms, back up to her shoulders, then down over her chest.
Sharon stopped his hands when he moved for her breasts. "I know this is just a fantasy, it's not real. But I'm not sure about... doing this, in front of all these people like this."
Todd hugged her close. "Sharon, take a look around. Tell me what you see."
Sharon looked around, eying the various couples around them. Her eyes went wide with realization. "They're... just normal people! No hard bodies, no young studs, no perfect breasts. They're all shapes and sizes and ages, just like..." she paused, looking down at her own body as if for the first time. "...like us! I'm back in my old body again!"
Todd smiled, nibbling at her ear. "And so am I. We shifted back to our old selves as we walked along the beach. Because I wrote this one about US, babe. Not some young, fictional versions of us. Our REAL selves."
"That's sweet," Sharon smiled, "but I kinda wish you didn't. I was getting used to having a hot young twenty-something body again."
Todd moved his hands to her breasts again. This time, she didn't resist. "I love your body just the way it is, babe. Because I love you. Just the way you are."
"Love you too, hun." Sharon squirmed at his touch, her nipples swelling beneath his slippery fingers. She felt his hardness against her back and let out a girlish giggle. "Guess I can still get your motor running, huh?"
"Oh, yes." Todd kissed her softly behind her ear, a spot he knew she liked.
Sharon moaned. "Still know how to get me going too, babe."
Taking his hands, she guided them down her belly. Parting her legs, she granted him access. His fingers delved into her already wet cleft. "Oh, Todd..."
Wrapping his free arm around her, Todd held her close as he rubbed and fingered her needy sex. Sharon rocked with his movements, her breath heavy, her eyes closed as she simply lost herself in the moment.
When she again opened her eyes, she saw an older couple, not far from them. The man sat facing them, legs wide, his average sized cock hard in his hand. His wife sat beside him, one hand lightly stroking his balls, the other between her own legs, rubbing her clit.
Sharon blushed as they made eye contact, but smiled. The couple returned it with their own. "We're being watched, hun."
"I know," said Todd. "Does that excite you?"
"Fuck, yes!" Breaking his grip, Sharon whirled on him, pushing him back on the blanket.
"I need you, right now," she begged, even as she was already guiding him into her. They cried out as one as she sank down on him.
Any remaining shyness she may have had disappeared as she rode him with an almost reckless abandon, her enthusiasm greater than he'd seen in many years.
Although his cock had reverted to normal, Todd wasn't worried about cumming too quickly. While he'd grounded this particular story in some reality, he'd still embellished his stamina, more than a little.
Still, it was all he could do to simply grab on to her hips and hold on, grunting and growling as she took her fill of him.
Her cries echoed across the beach, drawing still more attention.
A crowd began to gather, mostly couples, a few single men, all aroused, all touching themselves as they watched intently.
Coming down from her orgasm, her eyes went wide at the sight. "So... many! So many watching us!"
"Watching you, babe," Todd grinned up at her. "After all, you're putting on quite the show."
"But... but why? Surely there must be a younger, more attractive couple they could be watching!"
"Nope," Todd said firmly. "Right here, right now, you are the most beautiful, sexy woman on this beach. Each and every one of them see you that way. That's how I wrote it. Because that's how I see you, babe. And they see what I see."
Sharon could not contain her joy. "Oh, hun! Thank you! Thank you for this. Now this is one fantasy I can get behind!"
"You're welcome, my love. Now, speaking of getting behind, wanna change positions?"
"Of course," Sharon laughed.
Hopping off him, she quickly dropped to all fours. Arching her back, she thrust her ass upwards.
Todd moved into position behind her, taking a moment to savor the view. Pink labia, swollen with arousal, spread like butterfly wings from within the dark folds of her vulva, glistening with a creamy sheen. Rubbing his cock head around the sticky mess to re-lubricate himself, he plunged back inside her.
"Oh, fuck, babe! So deep! So good!"
Despite being back in their original bodies, they fucked with the passion and energy of a couple half their age, spurred on by the throng of people around them, all heatedly masturbating as they watched Sharon writhe in ecstasy.
One man directly in front of Sharon could no longer contain himself. She felt herself clench as she watched him shoot, long strands of thick spunk dripping to the sand at his feet.
Another quickly joined him, then another. Soon the beach was filled with the sounds of voices, male and female, crying out in orgasm.
Sharon felt her own approaching, welling up from deep within. "Gonna cum, babe! Oh, fuck, gonna cum hard! Cum with me! Don't hold back! I need to feel you... oh fffffffuck...!"
Drenched in sweat, Todd dug deep and somehow managed to increase his pace. He felt Sharon's vaginal walls contracting around his shaft, heard her wails of pure bliss, and could no longer contain himself.
He howled at the summer sky as he erupted within her, mixing with the juices flowing from her own orgasm, her ass slapping against him again and again as they continued, his cock still rock hard despite being drained of every last drop by her tight, pulsing tunnel.
With an exhausted gasp, he finally slipped free of her, falling back into the sand, panting for breath.
Sharon flipped over on her back. Spreading her legs, she rubbed at her clit furiously, the mix of their creamy fluids oozing out of her to soak into the blanket below.
The few remaining men watching who had not yet finished were now stroking their dicks frantically, trying to keep pace with her.
Sharon egged them on. "Come on, guys, cum for me!"
One after the other they spurted, Sharon's eyes fixed on each of them, smiling in approval as they came, until she once again threw herself back on the blanket, her body shaking wildly as she brought herself to a final, powerful climax.
Sharon lay there, eyes closed, basking in both the warmth of the sun, and the afterglow of their passionate coupling.
Todd crawled up beside her, nuzzling her neck before kissing her lips softly. "That was beautiful. Love you, babe."
"Love you too, hun. So much."
The sound of applause broke them from their kiss. Todd looked up to face their audience, giving them an appreciative nod.
Sharon blushed furiously, but giggled and waved. "Thanks, everyone! Hope you enjoyed it as much as we did! Let's do it again sometime."
With a few laughs, the crowd slowly dispersed, leaving the two reconnected lovers alone.
They lay together, sweaty and sticky, but happier than they'd been in a long time.
Sharon finally broke their blissful silence. "What made you write this story, hun?"
"Honestly? I got tired of writing the same old sexual fantasies after a while. Wanted to do something different. Something that wasn't about fucking random women, but about making love to the woman I love. About showing the world just how incredible she is.
"I called it 'Beauty On The Beach.' The couple in it, much like us, had been struggling with intimacy over the years.
"So they decide to visit the nude beach to see if they can spice things up a bit.
"In the original story, they had talked about perhaps swinging with another couple. And I'll be honest, I did almost write that.
"But as I continued it, I realized that what they really needed wasn't another couple, but simply to find their sense of adventure and passion again. The rest just sorta wrote itself."
"It's a beautiful story, hun," Sharon smiled. "I'd like to read it sometime."
"Really?"
"Yes, really. Your others, too. If you don't mind, of course."
"Not at all. I'll be happy to share them with you when we get back home."
"Do you think we'll actually make it back?"
"I think so. This was my very last story. I don't know what could possibly be next. Guess we'll find out. But for the moment, I'm happy to be here with you, hun."
"I'm happy too, babe." Sharon pulled him to her, kissing him deeply.
Together they snuggled beneath the warm sun, wrapped in each other's arms.
------------------------------------------
Epilogue
Todd awoke with a start. The room was dark, the first hint of dawn only just beginning to peek through the curtains of the bedroom window.
Their bedroom! He was home!
Sharon lay beside him, still sleeping. Todd reached out to touch her soft hair, just to make sure she was real.
Her eyes fluttered open. "Hey, you."
"Hey," Todd had to struggle to contain his emotions. He wanted to cry and laugh at the same time. "Sorry, didn't mean to wake you."
Had it all just been in his head? He had to know. "Did you have any... strange dreams?"
Sharon smiled up at him sleepily. "You mean dreams about lesbian roommates, glory holes and sex on a nude beach? Yes, hun. I was there. I remember everything."
Todd sighed with relief. "Oh, thank God. I hope you don't mind me saying this, because I know you weren't too happy with most of it, but I'm glad it was real, and not just a case of me going crazy."
"You're not crazy, hun. A little kinky, for sure. But not crazy."
They made love quietly.
After, they lay together, watching the morning sunlight streaming in.
"So. What's your next story idea, hun?"
Todd chuckled. "Actually, I think I'm retiring from writing. I have no idea how or why what happened to us happened. But I certainly don't wanna risk it happening again."
"Oh, come on," Sharon smiled suggestively. "It could be... fun. Especially if we wrote them together."
"You really want to do that?"
"Sure, why not? I already have a few ideas," Sharon winked.
"Really? Like what?"
"Well," Sharon paused dramatically, "for starters, I was thinking about a Futanari story."
"A... what?"
Sharon grinned mischievously. "Look it up. I gotta go pee."
Todd took a moment to admire his beautiful wife's ass as she sauntered out the door.
Then, curious, he reached for his phone.
"Let's see, Futanari... F..U..T..A.. ah, there it is. Now let's see... hold up, wait. WHAT???"
END
------------------------------------------
AUTHORS AFTERWARDS
I don't just write stories, I read them as well.
So I'd like to dedicate this one to all the authors here at LE who work so hard, with no real credit or reward, using their words and vivid imaginations to feed our little fantasies.
I'd also like to thankEmilyMcPluggerand plug theirHot And Fuzzyseries for the spark it helped generate in writing this.
It's a fun, lighthearted tale about a man who stumbles from one crazy sex encounter to the next after being forced to move to a mysterious new town. Lots of humor, plenty of sex. Check it out.
Comments and feedback are, as always, welcomed and appreciated.