Sunlight streamed through the windows and on to the Princess's face. A hand-maiden quietly worked through the room getting her mistress' things ready.
"Ah, Tiana," the Princess remarked as she woke up, "I didn't expect you back so soon. Aren't you supposed to with that Diplomat?"
"Yes, my Lady but she proved too... Religious."
"I see," the Princess replied bluntly. "A frightful nation that. A little fun never hurt anyone..." She trailed off.
The Princess stretched in bed and then sat up.
"Nobody tonight, my Lady?" the handmaiden asked.
"No, Tiana. I was up late last night, and I had put all my pretty toys to work," The Princess replied.
"Oh, that reminds me, mistress, we have a new girl; Daphne," the handmaiden said.
"Who?"
"The red-head, my lady, you remember, you found her in a brothel. The petite one with the big ass," Tiana replied.
"Ah yes, Eliza trained her up. I remember. She was pretty. Eliza told me all about her yesterday," the Princess remarked.
"Oh, anything special," Tiana asked.
"No, Never mind her," the Princess replied sharply, cutting the handmaiden off. "Are you done with my things?"
"Yes, my Lady."
"Good, good, but I don't feel like getting out of bed. Not without some exercise" the Princess replied in a sultry tone. "Come here dear, at least there's some upside to you being back so soon"
Tiana immediately moved to obey. She wasn't the princess' favourite so this was a rare occasion for her. There was much power to be had by being the princess' bed maiden. 'Maiden' of course is a misnomer.
She quickly removed her belt in one motion and undid the singular clasp on the peplos. The belt was made especially for the princess' handmaidens. It helped them remove it as quickly and as often as they needed to. The clasp was new to her though.
"Did the new clasp work, Tiana?" the Princess asked. As if on command the peplos fell to her feet.
"Perfect, one clasp and it all comes down. Remind me later to send someone down to that tailor's shop, dear, I think he should have a taste of the," She paused to think of the right word, "fruits of his labour." She smirked.
Meanwhile, Tiana had climbed into the Princess' expansive bed. She worked her way down from the princess' neck, expertly kissing every inch of the princess' pale skin until she got to her breasts where she stopped and paid extra attention.
The Princess moaned as Tiana sucked on her tits. The Princess held her handmaiden's pale blond hair out of the way while squeezing her plump ass as she moaned louder. Tiana's own hand started to wander down to the princess' bare pussy.
The Princess was enjoying this. She wondered why she hadn't fucked Tiana more regularly, the girl was masterful. Not as good as herself, of course, but then she was a Princess, Tiana wasn't even a Heterai, merely a courtesan. Tiana started to move to the princess' pussy when there was a knock on the door.
"Enter," the Princess called. Tiana made to stop, but the Princess merely pulled her quilts over her. The pleasure she was inflicting was too good to be interrupted by a mere house caller.
The captain of the guard entered. He flushed red at sight and sounds of what was happening under the blanket but held his composure and averted his eyes as befitted a princess of the empire. "My lady your presence is requested in the throne room. The Vizier is holding court."
"Can't you see I'm busy?" the Princess replied sharply. "Keep going, Tiana. Yes, just like that. Good girl." she said more kindly to the handmaiden under the covers.
"Yes, yes, yes faster, oh my god, fuck, fucking, fuck yes!" she continued slightly more shrilly.
"My lady the Vizier said it was important." The poor captain had gone tomato coloured. read
"Fucking... fuu-ckk," She caught her breath for a moment before continuing, "The Palace guard serves the emperor and as the, fuck, Tiana, girl, where did I get you from." She went on, "as the Emperor's daughter you, fuck, you serve me first, correct?"
"Yes, my lady" he replied
"Well then?" The captain didn't reply. "Fine. I'll listen to your ugly gob. Wait outside, I'll be there as soon as I'm dressed. Tiana stop."
"Did I do something wrong, my lady?" she asked.
"No, what, you weren't listening? Keep your wits about you girl. Help me get dressed we are going to the throne room," the Princess chided.
"Maybe you weren't as good as I thought."
Tiana's face fell at the remark. "My lady, please, I simply was trying to avoid listening to your private affairs. I wouldn't want to accidentally pass on any information you would rather keep private."
"Good save Tiana, try not to sound so desperate next time. I may have forgiven you but your next job might not. I see now that you aren't ready for some of the... more advanced jobs I might send you on." Tiana held back tears at the stinging rebuke. She knew that to show more emotion now would further lose her favour.
Tiana helped dress her mistress in stony-faced silence.
"Get me that airy purple dress with the gold embroidery, would you the one with the open side and the low cut. It's much too hot in the throne room nowadays for something heavier."
"My lady isn't that dress against court prot—" the Princess silenced her with a look.
"Get me the blue broach, the one the Vizier's nephew gave me."
"Yes, my lady, but didn't you send the men to some far off post. The vizier would be offended if you wore it after such an appointment," Tiana said.
"Oh, must you have to point out the obvious. If only you were as smart as you are good at sucking and fucking," the Princess replied in an exasperated tone.
"Sorry, my lady," the handmaiden replied quietly.
"Are you done?"
"Yes, my lady. You look radiant."
She rolled her eyes at the painful attempt at flattery and waited for Tiana to slip into her own clothes before leaving out the door.
"Captain, we are ready, lead the way," she ordered as she entered the corridor.
"My lady here we are at the throne room," the captain announced as they arrived.
"Really? I never would've guessed the 20-foot tall double oak doors lead to the throne room. If only I had lived here my entire life," she sarcastically remarked. The captain went to reply before catching himself.
"Where's Eliza? She should be free, my entourage can hardly be just Tiana."
"Here my lady," Tiana called as she came up from behind the Princess.
"You certainly took your time," the Princess remarked unkindly.
Eliza glanced at Tiana's miserable face and wondered what she had done to cause her foul mood. The Princess also noticed Tiana's expression.
"Oh, cheer up. You can't look miserable as we walk into court," the princess said a bit too sharply. Seeing as this had the opposite effect. In a moment she changed her tone and kissed the miserable handmaiden full on the lips and whispered in her ear.
"Tiana, I love you like a sister. And Right now I need you to put on a brave face for me, okay?"
"I will try my lady," Tiana replied.
"Good, I don't know what I'd do without you," in a tone Eliza noticed had the subtle hint of sarcasm. Tiana, of course, didn't notice.
Now that Tiana was acquiesced. Eliza helped the Princess do her final adjustments before she made her entrance.
"The Archduchess, Our Lady; The Princess of Phyrne has arrived. The court must stand," boomed a courtier, a rather handsome courtier considering. The Princess made a mental note of him as she strode down the court. Her sculpted legs were on full display as well as the broach on her arm. Most of the pages of the court blushed pink at the sight of her. Knights and squires would too had they been allowed in. Her tall toned body and her emerald-green eyed gaze had that effect on people. They simply melted in front of her.
She took the smallest throne on the left and her handmaidens stood to her left and right. Mummy and Daddy's thrones were empty, the dear emperor was off fighting some war to absorb some backwater kingdom. The little kingdom supposedly had a dark-haired dark-eyed knight defending it. He was supposed to be handsome she recalled. She wondered if she could achieve peace another way, however, the princess' musing were interrupted as the Vizier arrived.
"Keep an eye on that man will you, the one who's announcing," she whispered to Tiana.
"Yes, my lady," she whispered back.
"The temple priests have decided to ban all brothels in the city," the Vizier declared, "and they have made a deal with certain pious merchant guilds to hire the girls put out of work."
"Oh, I'm sure these merchant guilds are hiring the whores to do sums, Vizier," the Princess interjected. The court roared with laughter.
"The women are to do house-keeping tasks, my lady, in the guild halls," the Vizier replied over the laughter. Then he noticed the broach.
"Like a house-wife at work, dear Vizier? One must wonder if they all perform all the duties of a wife..."
More laughter. The Vizier waited for it to die-down before continuing his prattle. He went on about some farmer's dispute and irrelevant bureaucratic non-sense. The princess decided not the embarrass the fool any further. Someone had to manage the government affairs after all.
"Eliza, can you see the new girl, you know the petite red-head, is in my chambers after this," the Princess quietly ordered
"Yes, my lady but you do remember—" Eliza said before she was cut off.
"I do, just see that it is done. Oh, and have her wear something... nice."
"It will be done my lady," Eliza said before inconspicuously exiting the chamber.
The rest of the meeting went on without incident. The Princess and Tiana were the first to leave the throne room as befit the Princess' rank. Followed by the Vizier and the rest of the court.
"Tiana, dear, I have an assignment for you. You remember that courtier? I need you to go find information about him. He's clearly new... Oh, and see if he's good in bed would you," the Princess said as they were reaching her chambers.
"Yes, my lady," she replied before walking off.
The Princess entered her darkened chambers. Someone had drawn the curtains and lit the candles. "You must be Daphne," the Princess said.
"Yes, my lady," replied the diminutive girl laying on the bed in a voice dripping sex.
She was wearing, what looked like wispy silk ribbons. The lingerie didn't even cover the girl's tits. It just spiralled up her legs, around her torso and down her arms. "That tailor is really earning his keep," the Princess thought.
Daphne moved to kiss the Princess as she sat down and at the same time started working to remove her peplos. Soon the Princess was naked and on top of the girl. They made out for a moment before Daphne moved to eat out the Princess' pussy.
"Stop, I have a better idea, in that chest over there, there is a strap-on in it. Get it for me."
The princess' strap-on was a wondrous thing. It was 8-inches long, made of bronze with gold leaf on top. The straps themselves were seal skin and purple-dyed velvet. The goldsmith she had crafted it even put subtle ridges on it, for "added pleasure" he said. The Princess loved using it but usually reserved it for when she had two handmaidens with her. She usually used her double ended dildo when she only had one companion for the night and fancied some toys.
Daphne helped the Princess get it on before she was gently moved down onto all fours so the Princess could take her from behind. She slipped the dildo gently inside and rhythmically thrusted in and out, going deeper each time.
"Princess please, fuck, keep going please, harder mistress, I can take it."
Daphne's moaning got shriller as the Princess fucked her harder and harder. The Princess pulled Daphne's long red-hair as she went harder, the dildo disappearing into her sopping pussy with each thrust.
"I heard you like pain," the Princess said with a certain anger in her voice as she pulled her hair harder. Then she slapped her ass.
"I— I— I do, mistress," gasped out between breaths. Her tits were bouncing hard with each thrust.
"I— I think— I'm nearly— Fuu-Fuuu-cck— I'm nearly fucking there, please," she screamed as the Princess rammed her dildo into her. The bitch was panting like a dog. Moaning between every breadth. The Princess spanked her hard. "Th—Thank you, mistress. Fuck. Fuu-ck. Fuck. Harder plea—se, take me, I— I'm just your little pla- Fu—cckkk, fuck, fuck plaything. Use me— me Princess." She screamed louder. The Princess was sure half the palace was hearing Daphne's moans.
"It— It's happening!" she moaned as she quivered in pleasure. Daphne was a better fuck than the Princess had expected, she had no idea the girl was this much of a masochist. Had she known, she'd have kept her around longer, all the other ones tended to chicken out far too soon for the Princess' liking. Alas, she decided to move on.
"You know, I don't think I'm done with you yet..." the Princess remarked thoughtfully, "Yes, take a seat why don't you, dear, on the leather chair. Your too wet for the velvet one."
"Of course mistress, I'm at your command," Daphne replied with as much sensuality as she could muster considering how out of breath she was.
The princess started to pull out some ropes when Tiana arrived.
"My lady, I have some bad news," she said unphased by the scene.
"Oh?" she replied.
"Yes, my lady, it seems the courtier is a homosexual," Tiana explained.
The Princess sighed, "No matter, help me tie up my sexy guest here," she commanded.
Tiana was good at tying up girls, her daddy was master of ships, after all, she had learned a thing or two about ropes and knots. Though to describe the princess' ropes as ropes would be misleading, they were more like ribbons, similar to the ones Daphne was wearing or had been wearing, they had come loose while the Princess fucked her.
After Tiana was done the Princess took a step back to admire her handmaiden's handy work. It was nothing short of spectacular. The way the ribbon went up the red-heads body, emphasizing all the right curves and the way it pulled her legs apart showing off her pussy, the Princess started getting horny again at the possibilities.
"Tiana, dear, get to work, I'll manage my self," the Princess ordered as she undid the clips on her strap-on. She detached the dildo off the end too before lying down on the chaise lounge facing the chair Daphne was tied to. Tiana already had her face between Daphne's parted legs and her tongue in her crotch. The petite handmaiden was already moaning and her face was already turning red again. She involuntarily squirmed a bit but Tiana's bindings held her tightly in place. She was totally at the mercy of Tiana and her oh so expert tongue.
The princess on the other hand was carefully plunging her dildo into her pussy. While she preferred to fuck roughly, she herself liked a gentler touch when fucked. Daphne was putting on quite the show for her, but it wasn't enough to fulfill her appetites. She was getting bored.
"Alright, alright. Tiana stop," the Princess commanded. Daphne looked majorly disappointed, none of the regulars or the other girls at the brothel she used to work at had ever eaten out her pussy like that.
"Did I do anything wrong, my lady?" Tiana asked.
"Shut up Tiana, at least the traitor doesn't ask stupid questions," the Princess replied. Daphne's breath caught in her throat. "Isn't that right, Daphne?"
"My lady, I can explain, I—" Daphne started to reply before she was cut off.
"Oh, can you? Oh, let me guess. They forced you, they threatened your family, they said they'd have you raped, they said they'd have you killed. Does that cover it?" she interjected.
"I uh—" she tried to reply before being cut off again.
"Except you don't have a family, Eliza checked, and you hate the madam of your old brothel too, Eliza knows her personally, and your not close to any of the girls either, why you're only eighteen, you've only been in the game for a few months, hardly anytime to form any long-lasting connections. Why Alexandra, that's your real name isn't it, your background was rather hard to find actually, Eliza was about to write you off as some guttersnipe that happened to be born pretty before a little birdie told her what you're real name is," she continued.
Daphne, now Alex, was terrified. Tiana was watching silently, she liked it when traitors were exposed. The gall of this little bitch to try to deceive her Princess, she thought to herself.
"You used to work for that old hag of a woman the Vizier married. But that disgusting old bitch only hires little boys, it was strange when she hired a girl and it was stranger when the girl disappeared," the Princess explained.
"Please, Princess, I'll do anything!" the girl sobbed.
"I know, you're going to be our double agent, you're to report back only what I and Eliza tell you to report. Is that clear?" the princess asked.
"Yes, mistress," Alex replied. She was rather uncomfortable with the tight bonds now that the thrill had gone.
"Betray me again and I'll have you killed and the cunt you used to serve killed, you understand?" the Princess asked.
"Yes, mistress," Alex replied again. She had gone very pale.
"Good, now that everything is sorted, Tiana, dear, take her to Eliza's chambers so she can be punished, and I think she needs further training if she's going to continue serving me. Tell her to train her asshole, I'm having bigger dildo's made and I need someone to test them on," she concluded.
"Yes, my lady," Tiana said as she untied Alex. Alex moved to dress in the clothes she wore over the lingerie but Tiana pulled her along before she could. Tiana knew that the Princess didn't appreciate dilly-dallying and it was only a short ten-minute walk to Eliza's chambers.
"Should I send someone to help you dress my lady?" Tiana asked as she left.
"Yes, dear, have Eliza send someone but it's hardly worth dressing again this late, you know," she replied with a smile.
"Of course, my lady," Tiana replied with a rare tone of understanding before leaving with the naked redhead.
The princess stretched lazily on her sofa, it was a beautiful night...