This is part two of how the financial pressures of joblessness in the era of COVID forces one woman into becoming a 24/7 sex toy and slave. Please read part one first so you can get to know the characters background and some of their kink experience. This is part two my first story so comments and suggestions are very appreciated. This is a love story that contains incest, lesbian, male domination, and BDSM themes. If you don't like these themes please skip the story.
I want to thank my editor 1moeannie. She again took my original text and made great suggestions and corrections that helped me improve the story.
==============================
The dinner date
The next morning, I awoke knowing this was the day that I will meet Howard. I have this one evening to convince him that I am the right woman for the position.
I received a message at 3 pm from him reminding me that my 15-minute COVID test is at 4 pm. He told me that I was to make sure that my panties could be removed without removing the garter belt and stockings.
I wondered what dinner entertainment might include.
He told me to park in the far corner of the restaurant parking lot next to his black suburban so my driver's door opened toward the passenger door of his car.
My COVID test came back negative. I texted Howard with the results. When I got back home my daughters and I spent the next hour getting ready for the big date. They knew that our future depended on how well I impressed Howard.
At a little before 7 pm, I pulled into the parking lot and immediately spotted the black suburban. As instructed, I parked so that my driver's door faced his passenger door. I got out of the car and heard the driver's door of the suburban also open. It's hard to recognize people in a mask but I immediately knew it was him. He was dressed in a fine dark gray suit and I could tell he was about 6' tall.
We were alone in the parking lot, so I stepped up to him and spoke. "It is very good to meet you, Master. I hope that I can prove that I am acceptable to be used by you."
He softly laughed. "I have a very good feeling about you, Alice. However, I am not your Master yet, we have a few more steps before we reach an agreement. Tonight, is mostly going to be a regular date where we get to know each other. I expect you to ask me as many questions as I will ask you. Having a companion is as important as the services you will be expected to provide. But I did say 'mostly' it would be a regular date. There will be some tests of your obedience. But first, let me take your picture."
With that said, I removed my mask and smiled big as he took a picture. I put my mask back on, then he took my hand and we walked to the restaurant.
We were seated quickly at a table with a lot of distance between the next tables including 6-foot-high plexiglass shields around us. The waitress said it would be okay to remove our masks while we were in our plexiglass cubicle, but she would always have her mask on when in our space. She pointed out an air filter that would be scrubbing the air in our space continuously.
We ordered our meals and a bottle of wine, he asked "Tell me more about yourself, Alice."
I told him about growing up, going to college, my marriage, my daughters, my husband's death, how that shattered my life and put me in a difficult financial situation.
I showed him a picture of me with my daughters and told him that I hoped he wouldn't judge me but that my girls and I enjoy an active lesbian sex life. It was just a lot safer in the age of COVID to only play at home.
I said, "I hope that is not a deal-breaker for you."
He replied, "Not at all, but it does give me some ideas for future play that could be very enjoyable."
As the appetizers arrived, I asked him to tell me a little about himself. He said he had grown up in an active, well-to-do family. His childhood was filled with travel, plays, hiking, bicycling, musicals, music, and snow skiing. He graduated from Stanford in 1980 with a Master in Computer Science and was an early player in Silicon Valley. He co-founded three multi-billion dollar companies.
He married in 1983 and had a daughter born in 1986 who was now working in Europe and who only came to visit once a year. His wife had died in a plane crash on February 12, 2009, after take-off from Newark while on the way to meet him in Buffalo - where he was setting up a new office. He said he had taken her death very hard.
He changed the subject by asking me for my opinion about musicals. I told him that I was a theater geek and never missed the Tonys. Unfortunately, since the death of my husband, I no longer had the money to attend professional plays and musicals. These days I went to local theater. We discussed many shows we had both seen and agreed that Les Misérables, Fiddler on the Roof, and The Phantom of the Opera were among our favorites.
We talked about skiing and agreed that Mammoth Mountain was our favorite place to ski. It turned out we both enjoyed the same types of runs. I told him that I hadn't gone skiing in the past three years as I didn't have the money.
He said, "Well, I have a place at Mammoth so maybe we can fix that."
I was having an absolutely amazing time with Howard. I could tell I could grow to like him. We covered many topics from history to literature.
He told me about his charity work. He was building a school out in the bush in Africa and also expanding an orphanage in Mexico. He normally visited both each year., but with COVID travel restrictions it hadn't been a possible this year.
He then changed the tone of the conversation and asked me how I got interested in kink. I told him about how watching the movie "Secretary" opened that door for me.
He started laughing and said, "That was my gateway also."
He explained that about a year after his wife died, he started watching porn. He would travel to Nevada whenever he felt the need to visit a bordello. On one visit he was watching movies with the woman he had selected for the night and she suggested they watch "Secretary". After that he was hooked and he started hiring submissive women in the bordellos.
In 2015 he found a submissive woman, Lisa, on a bondage dating site and they started playing regularly.
He Said "Even though we were a lot closer in age than you and I, only 6 years instead of our 19 years, the only thing we had in common was our enjoyment of BDSM. That was enough to keep seeing each other at least weekly.
Lisa wanted to talk about celebrities when we weren't planning our next scene. Our get-togethers were usually two nights. We tried a week once but we got bored. You can only play for so many hours a day. It's a rare person that can maintain sexual activity all day, day after day."
After one playtime, he wondered what it would be like to switch roles. Lisa told him she switched occasionally, so they decided the next play date they would switch roles. He had found that while it was fun, he preferred being in charge, so he only switched half dozen times a year.
In mid-2019, Lisa's mom got very sick and she moved back to New Jersey to take care of her. He thought their relationship was drawing to a close anyway and would have ended soon. There were only so many ways to sexually dominate another person when you have nothing else in common. That is why his ad had listed some of his non-sexual interests.
Because of Lisa, he now had an extensive collection of BDSM toys, clothing, and bondage furniture, plus rooms dedicated to role-playing. He said he had a very well-equipped dungeon.
Then he said, "Are you ready for a test before the main course arrives?"
"Yes", I replied.
He reached into his coat pocket and pulled out an egg-shaped vibrator with a long wire attached to it.
"Go to the restroom and place this in your vagina, now." He ordered.
I got up, took the egg vibrator from his hand and went to the ladies' room to inserted it.
When I got back to the table he asked, "How did doing that feel?" as he placed his cell phone on the table.
I replied. "Oh God, it was so nice to have a handsome man controlling me."
I noticed that he pushed a button on the cell phone screen and I felt the vibrator startup. "Oh My God, that is even better! "I exclaimed.
As the main course arrived, he didn't turn the vibrator off. I was starting to get wet. The waitress asked if we wanted a picture taken? We said yes. She took his phone and took the shot. After the waitress left, he turned the vibrator off. I let out a long Ohhhh.
"Now," he said "Tell me about your limits and desires. What are your hard limits?"
I knew I had to be careful so that I didn't rule out something that was important to him. "I do not want any feces play, blood, or permanent marks on my body. If peeing on me is important to you, I ask that you to let me take a shower as soon as possible afterward. Once I get to know you and trust you, we can discuss any of these hard limits."
The vibrator went back on as I finished my statement.
Through the sensation of the vibrator, I heard him say, "Very good, those are acceptable to me, for now." the vibrator stopped.
"I'm distracting you. You need to eat some of your meal before it gets cold."
"Thank you, Sir," I replied. The meal was amazingly good as I tasted each bite enjoying being with this handsome man.
After we finished our meal, the vibrator went back on and he said "I need to make sure that you are okay with the things that I would do to you if you were to come to live with me. I want you to acknowledge each of these things. First, would you be willing to be confined in a cage for many days?"
I breathed deeply "Well, I have not experienced that before, but if it gives you pleasure then I would enjoy it as long as I got some bathroom breaks."
He laughed "I don't think having you lying in your own feces would be appealing to me at all. Bathroom breaks would be included." We both laughed.
As we ate our meal, he asked me a long list of questions as he let the vibrator run while he asked them.
"Can I use a cattle prod on you?"
I thought for a second and said. "If it gives you pleasure then I would be willing to have you use it on me. I have had one used on me before."
"Can I suspend you upside down?"
"Yes, Howard, for however long you want."
"Alice, are you willing to put on a chastity belt when you leave the house to shop or on your day off?"
I knew that it was important that I acknowledge his total control, so I responded "Yes, you will own my body, so it is only right that you control it."
"Will you wear what I tell you to?"
"Howard, I want to please you in every way I can, even in what I wear."
"Alice, can I spank, paddle, flog, whip, or shock you as much as I like?"
"Yes, as long as there are no permanent marks on my body."
He then inquired, "Will you accept that I control when you have an orgasm?"
"Yes, you would own my body, so you would control that also."
"Alice, my final question, for now is, are you willing to get a full STD test?"
"Yes, whatever my master requires."
By this time my breathing was getting ragged as the sensations from the vibrator were making me squirm.
"Master," I said, "I am about to come." The vibrator stopped.
I saw a wicked smile on his face as he said, "You will, but not yet."
At this point I wanted him to take me somewhere and drill me with his cock, but it was clear he was not ready for that. I had more tests to pass.
The waitress cleared the dishes and brought the dessert menu. As I looked over the offering the vibrator came back to life. It was very difficult to order my dessert with my senses being raised to a fever pitch. The waitress said "I think it is clear that you are enjoying this meal and being with your date," winked and walked away.
I'm sure she was smiling also, but you can't tell when wearing a mask.
"Howard, I am about to come. May I come now?"
"Not yet," He replied.
The waitress brought our desserts as I tried to hide my arousal. I am not sure I did a very good job.
After she left, he said, "You may come now, but quietly."
I bit my lips to suppress the sound as wave after wave hit me and my hips jerked. Once I calmed down, the vibrator stopped and Howard said "That was enjoyable to watch."
"Thank you, Master, that was incredible: I hope you choose me so I can please you."
"I have another test for you, Alice. I want you to remove your panties and place them on the table next to your dessert plate."
"You want me to go to the restroom to do that Master?"
"No, remove them here at the table."
As I looked around it was clear that no one was facing our direction. Most of the guests had finished dinner. I reached under my dress and slipped my thong off and placed it on the table. Doing this got me even more aroused.
I said, "That was such a turn-on."
The waitress noticed my thong but said nothing as she picked up the dessert plates and returned with the bill. I thought I heard soft laughter from her as she walked away.
The parking lot and home
We paid the bill; he placed my thong in his coat pocket and we started walking to our cars. He put his arm around me, I put my arm around him and rested my head on his arm. I told him this was the best time I'd had in three years. He replied we weren't done yet.
He walked me between our cars, we removed our masks and we kissed while in a strong embrace. I noticed that his car blocked the view from the entrance of the restaurant and behind us was a hill with some of those pepper trees that you see all over Southern California. We were in our own private world.
As we embraced and kissed, I wondered if this was the end of our date.
He said, "Remove your dress now."
At this point, I didn't care if anyone saw me. My pussy so wet. My desire to serve him was all that mattered. I handed him my purse then I reached back and unzipped my dress. As I removed my dress, I realized that with my shelf bra and no panties that I was naked. He took the dress from my hands and we kissed more passionately. He ran his hands over my exposed breasts and down to feel the wetness of my pussy. I felt the vibrator turn on again. I had forgotten about it.
"I think you are enjoying this," He said.
"I am," I cooed as I felt the vibrator generate waves of passion throughout body.
"I think you are also cold standing out here mostly naked."
"I am, but I am enjoying this immensely," I replied as I felt the goosebumps forming on my chilled skin.
He opened his back passenger door and told me to climb in. The middle and back seats had been removed. Only the driver and passenger seats were still there. There was a mattress surrounded by a metal frame with many rings, some of which had cuffs attached.
"Lay down with your arms above your head and your legs spread apart. "
As I did so he attached cuffs to my ankles and wrists and made sure that I was well secured. I heard the engine start. I thought he was going to take me somewhere, but the car didn't move. Shorty, I felt the heat from the vents start to hit my cold body. All I had on was the shelf bra, which covered nothing, the garter belt, the thigh-high stockings, and my heels, I was so cold, the heat was heavenly. He then took a picture of me spread-eagle in the back of his suburban.
"That should help you warm up some", He grinned as the vibrator went to a higher speed.
I felt him put his left hand on my clit and start playing with it. Then suddenly I felt a sharp pain on my right breast as a flogger came down on it. The flogger moved back and forth from one breast to the other. I started to breathe harder, the stimulation from the flogger and the vibrator was bringing me closer to another orgasm.
"Master, I am about ready to come. May I?"
"Yes, you may Alice."
With that my body convulsed as wave after wave of pleasure raced through my body. As I recovered the vibrator stopped.
I said, "Howard, you have made this one of the best evenings in my life.!"
I then realized while I was in the throes of an orgasm that he had undressed and his naked body was now resting next to me. I could see him putting a condom on.
"You don't have to do that," I said.
"For now, I will, but later I will not, but we need the STD test results first."
He moved up my body so his cock was positioned to brush my lips. I hungrily took it as deep as I was able and started moving my mouth over it sucking and licking. I was doing everything in my power to let him know how much I enjoyed serving him.
After a few minutes, he moved back down my body to my stomach and then slapped my face a few times.
"Do you like it when I do that, Alice?"
"Yes, you are stoking my desire."
He then twisted both nipples until I squawked. Laughing he changed positions.
He removed the vibrator, got into the missionary position, and then plunged his cock into my pussy. God, He was thick. I felt my pussy walls stretching as he started to move his cock in and out of my pussy. I felt another climax coming, but I wanted to wait until he climaxed. I could feel his cock getting bigger and harder as his tempo increased. Finally, with a shout his seed erupted into the condom. I climaxed at the same time and then he collapsed on top of me. He stayed there as his cock softened.
After a few minutes, he undid the cuffs and I rolled to my side hugging his body,
He asked "Well, you've had a taste tonight of what your life with me would be like. Are you still interested?"
"Oh God yes!" I exclaimed.
I moved my hand to his cock and started rubbing it. "I am glad I had a chance to feel you inside me."
"The next step is a week-long trial run. Where you would arrive on Tuesday early evening and leave Monday mid-morning. You will cook, clean, wash laundry, and shop and be used and punished by me many, many times. Still interested?"
"Yes, how soon can I start?"
"How about this coming Tuesday?"
"Yes, I would love that."
"Okay," he said "A couple of things. I will arrange for you to get an STD and COVID19 test on Tuesday, mid-afternoon, I will get both also. You will arrive with the clothes you will need to go out to dinner a few times, or bring for staying at a resort. Also bring everything you need for your makeup, hair, and any bath supplies you will need. If you have any toys that you enjoy using or role-playing outfits, bring them also, in a separate suitcase. Are these requests acceptable to you?"
"Yes", I replied.
"I will send you an email with this list and your STD and COVID19 testing times. Are you willing to do one more thing for me tonight?"
I told him he could take me home and lock me in his dungeon if he wanted. I was up for anything he asked.
"Okay, I want you to drive home as you are. I know you park your car in your garage and there is a door from the garage into your condo so you won't be exposing yourself to your neighbors. Then when you are ready for bed, just take off your shoes and sleep as you are now. In the morning send me a picture before you get out of bed, Okay?"
"Anything you ask, I will gladly do."
"Good, I had a wonderful time and I'm just not talking about when I was using your body. I also enjoyed our conversations, you are someone I could spend a lot of time with."
"Thank you, Howard. I think I will enjoy spending a lot of time with you also."
He hugged me and got dressed. He helped me out of his car and into mine. He took one last picture of me wearing my seatbelt which clearly showed that I was for all intents and purposes naked.
He handed me a bag and said "Your dress, purse, panties, vibrator, and its charger are in this bag. Be sure to charge the vibrator when you get home."
As I drove home, I reviewed every minute of the evening. Howard was amazing. He had pushed so many of my sensual buttons. I was so turned on driving home fully exposed. I pulled into my garage and used the remote in the car to shut the garage door behind me. I gathered up the bag of my things and entered the house.
Fun and games at home
My daughters were sitting on the couch in their underwear, I could tell that they had been making out. They saw I wasn't wearing my dress and immediately asked how was it tonight?
My response surprised me. I leaned up against the door to the garage and said, "I think I like this guy."
My daughters squealed with delight and encouraged me to tell them everything that happened that night. They rubbed my breasts and my pussy as I told my tale. At one point they started to remove my shelf bra, but I told them to stop. They asked why I didn't want them to remove it and the rest of what I was wearing.
I replied "Howard, commanded me to keep these on until morning. Except for my shoes which I can remove when I go to bed. Oh, and I need to charge the vibrator in that bag."
'Oh My God! Michelle exclaimed, "Howard is still controlling you, that is so hot. I wish he would control me."
Jessica then said, "I think you really like him, Mom." as she went to the bag, removed the vibrator and the charger, and plugged them in.
"I do, he clearly is very smart but isn't stuck up about it. There wasn't a topic we touched on that he did not have some knowledge of it. He knows how to push my buttons. He carefully aroused me to the point that when he told me to take off my dress outside and be naked with him in the parking lot, there was no way I would not do that."
Michelle asked, "Can I clean his cum out of your pussy?"
I told them he had worn a condom and she was clearly disappointed.
She said "Your story of the night is making me so wet. Are you up for helping me satisfy this arousal?"
I replied, "Honey, I am so turned on from Howard, there is nothing I would not like more."
Jessica said, "Me too!"
They stripped off their remaining clothes and Jessica pulled out one of my strap-ons that had a dildo for the fucker and the fuckee, but also had a butt plug attached to it. She slid the butt pug into her ass and one of the dildos in her pussy then said "I am Howard for the next hour!"
For the next hour, she traded off fucking me and Michelle. When we weren't being fucked, we sucked on the other's breasts and played with each other's clits. All three of us came so many times. We finally collapsed on my big bed with my naked daughters hugging me tight as we fell asleep.
When I woke up, I took a picture of myself in bed still wearing the clothes Howard had commanded me to wear. The picture also included my sleeping daughters. It was clear they were naked, but nothing private showed.
When they woke up, I asked if I could send the picture of me with them to Howard. They both happily agreed. They said they would do anything to help me win Howard as my Master.
I sent the picture to Howard along with the message that I still was enjoying the afterglow from my time with him and that my daughters wanted to share in my happiness.
A few hours later I received a text from Howard with all the information he had told me he would.
In addition, he said," I really enjoyed the picture of you with your obviously naked sleeping daughters. You keep exceeding my expectations, which I see as very encouraging. Now, I want you to download this app and log into it with this username and password. When you have that, insert the vibrator and make sure the app can turn it on and off, and notify me when you have done that. Also, you are to send me a video by 9 pm each night of one of your vibrators, or dildos, or whatever is being used to make you cum. You may wear a mask. Do you understand what I am asking?"
I quickly downloaded and set up the app, then tested the vibrator. The app said it was for remote control of the vibrator by another person over a distance.
"Yes, Master. I understand, BTW, I don't need to wear a mask. I trust you explicitly. I am ready to submit to anything you request. I finished setting up and testing the app. I can't wait to see how you use it."
Within minutes of sending the text, I felt the egg vibrator startup.
"Oh," I thought. "This is heavenly."
For the next few hours, the vibrator would go on randomly for one to five minutes. I was in a continuous state of arousal. Tuesday would not come soon enough.
He sent me a text saying that I could remove the egg when I was making my videos for him, but to let him know it had been removed. Also, I was to recharge it when it wasn't in me.
=================================================
I hope you enjoyed part 2 of my first adventure in creating content for Literotica. Comments and suggestions are greatly appreciated.
Part 03 is currently being reviewed by my awesome editor 1moeannie and will be published soon. Part 03 covers Alice making videos for Howard and her first activities after arriving at Howard's house.