Sorry for the huge delay but I had serious Editing problems. Thanks MR for the help.
This is a CUCKOLD story, if you do not enjoy the theme, please don't waste your time.
I know its fast paced, but remember this all happens in a weekend. Hope you guys enjoy it.
------------
Rose woke up in the morning to a headache. Her throat was sore and it reminded her of the events on the night before. There was dried cum all over her body, close to her pussy, and a dried block of hard cum on her hair. She didn't want to wake me up and quietly went to shower, taking her time with hot water running over her body to help her recovery. She calmly washed her body as a cleansing ritual.
She dried her body, feeling renewed, dried and fixed her hair and spread moisturizer all over her body. She picked a comfortable simple polka dot dress and some matching pink lingerie to go under. When she had put one leg inside the panties she remembered one of the rules and stopped, taking them off. The rules set by me the night before were: Only dick inside her pussy is mine; the neighbors can't see anything; she had to be honest and no panties! She decided not to break any rules as some sort of twisted game, especially the one she thought was more like a fun challenge.
She put on her bra and the dress and a tingling sensation of exposure ran through her body. She left our bathroom and I was still dead asleep. She went downstairs to prepare some coffee for us and our guests.
She saw Mark outside behing the glass door standing upside down, doing some sort of hardcore yoga by the poolside wearing only his tight swimming trunks. His body was nice and fit in the morning light. She had quickly seen him naked before, but she now had time to admire his figure. His dick made a nice volume under his trunks. "Not a bad dick for a dick" she joked to herself.
Rose resumed preparing coffee and started preparing some things for breakfast. She heard a splash in the pool and a while later Mark slid open the door.
"Oh finally someone awake! Good morning, sunshine!" He closed the door, walked up to her and lightly kissed her cheek. She felt his cold skin from the pool water as he stood close to her, finishing drying his body.
"Good morning, Mark, did you fall out of bed?"
"I overslept today, woke at 5:30 AM!" He dropped his towel on the counter, standing close to her half naked.
"You have a weekend off and wake at 5:30!?"
"I always want to maximize the day!"
"This way you might lose the best of It, the night!" she said, reminding herself of last night.
"So what did I miss last night!?" he asked. She chickened out of tell him anything, regretting her comment.
"Well, a fun night" she said, tried to dismiss it without breaking the 'Be honest' rule. She just realised It wasn't very specific, but she had decided to follow the rules for better or worse.
"Oh I heard some of the fun before I went to sleep. Wild! I bet Alan was mad horny after your show!" He must had heard the first time we had sex.
"He definitely was" she agreed, blushing, feeling our intimacy a little exposed. "Glad I could help!"
"Help? How!?"
"The conditions I proposed were way better!" He was so proud of himself. "Oh, you got a bargain indeed."
"Amazing view by the way, what a happy surprise you were going commando! Sadly I wasn't the winner." He sounded almost hurt.
"Thanks I guess. Would you like some eggs?" she said, trying to change the subject, fearing the 'be honest' rule.
"Sure, some protein is always welcome. Damm! What a lovely ass you have!" He quickly slapped her ass when she opened the fridge for the eggs.
She was scared he might feel, or even see, she was not wearing panties again and become bolder, but the risk of being exposed excited her. She gave him an angry look when she closed the fridge, but said nothing. He helped her crack the eggs into a bowl, just to be closer.
"You smell great, Rose!" he said and inhaled deeply close to her neck. His cold nose touched her neck and she felt a chill down her spine. He was so full of himself!
"Thanks, it's just my moisturizer" she answered awkwardly, and again didn't bother complaining. "It's really pleasing. Maybe later you can show me how you apply it."
"You want some? Maybe your boyfriend would like It" she said provocatively. "Only if it comes from your naked body!" he laughed, as she pictured the scene in her mind. He was so close to her she could help noticing that his cock had slightly grown in his trunks.
"Put this over on the table" she said, handing him the bowl of scrambled eggs, trying to get a safe distance from him.
"Sure, Ma'am". He walked to the table and remained across the counter. She felt some relief that he wasn't so close anymore. "So, what else happened last night?"
'Oh shit!' she thought to herself, feeling cornered and cursing me and my honesty rule. "We ate sandwiches" she said, trying again to avoid the question, feeling her stomach revolving.
"That sounds really fun! Too bad I missed it! What else?
"Well, I was thirsty, came downstairs to drink some water and had a sandwich with Ben" she said, trying one last time to escape the questions.
"Hmm, just a sandwich?" He'd caught her out!
"No" she said, hoping he'd stop, but also feeling really naughty that she was being forced by the rules to confess her slutty actions.
"What else!?" he said, intrigued by her hesitation.
"We masturbated each other and he came all over my tits! Pick up that plate for me please!" she bluntly confessed, trying to act normally but feeling her uncovered pussy getting wet. He swallowed hard in shock.
"Damn! Too bad I was tired and missed the party! How was It?" She had to be honest!
"Well, fun and naughty" she admitted.
"Did you came?"
"Yes" she said, feeling really exposed.
"With him fingering you?"
"Yes" she said, still hoping he would miss the ass part to save some of her dignity. "How many fingers?" He was really interested and loving her honesty.
"Three" she said, feeling humiliated and horny at the same time.
"Three fingers inside your pussy!? "he was incredulous.
"No... two in my pussy, one in my ass. " she said, flipping a pancake.
"Wow! And he didn't try to go further!?"
"He wanted to, but I couldn't break the rule! "she said, immediately regretted saying too much. "What rule!?"
"Well the only rule yet was not having sex."
"What does 'yet' mean? Now is it allowed?" He was sharp!
"No, now there are new rules". She was thinking how lost and vulnerable she would be with him knowing the rules and cursed me and the honesty rule again. It was exposing her way more than being without panties!
"Did Alan set the rules?"
"Yes, he sets them and I follow" she said, still hoping he wouldn't ask.
"So, what are the rules?" He was clearly getting excited and she could see his big cock hardening in his trunks.
"Only dick inside my pussy is Alan's; the neighbors can't see anything; I have to be honest and... no panties!" She was lost.
"Wow! This was Alan's Idea? My Man!"
"Like I said, he set the rules, I just follow." Her pussy was dripping wet, being so exposed. "So you are going commando right now!?"
"Yes, I must follow the rules" she said, trying to explain herself.
"Show me!" He was bolder now he knew.
There wasn't any rule obligating her to do this, but she just grabbed the end of her dress and lifted it, exposing her uncovered pussy.
"What a beautiful pussy you've got. Alan is such a lucky man! Is it wet?" He was in control now. "Yes."
"So, a finger on your ass huh!? Does Alan get to fuck you there?" He was loving the honesty rule.
"No, I never let him."
"Really!? Is there anything else you want to try with us but Alan doesn't get to do often, or ever?" He was picking his words carefully now.
"Well, I rarely blow him but I kind of practiced deep throating on him last night." Her pussy was burning and dripping at being this exposed.
"Really!? You think you can deep throat this?" He took his big cock out of his swimming trunks and showed It to her. He was as thick as Ben, but way longer.
"I honestly don't know." She was both excited and scared.
"Why don't we find out. Get on your knees!" She turned off the cooktop and knelt down in front of him. His cock was close to her face and she saw a drip of precum forming on the head.
"Lick It!" he ordered.
She licked the drop of precum and teased the head with the tip of her tongue. She licked the whole length and even licked his balls a little before going back to the head again, licking and kissing It.
She was wondering if she could fit it all inside her mouth but the only way of knowing was to try. She started sucking the head as Mark looked down at her triumphantly. She decided to put on a show for him.
She started jerking it slowly with both hands while sucking the head, going a little further down from time to time. When he started breathing faster she sped up the pace and played with his balls with one hand while the other jerked him.
"You know, the moment I saw you I imagined those cute lips around my cock. That moment we met in the hall, after I showered, I had just come thinking of you sucking my big cock. I almost needed to cum again after seeing that cute little ass of yours" Mark confessed.
She felt so horny and slutty sucking Mark's cock. Hearing his story made her even wetter. She wanted to please him even though she somehow despised him. He was charming, successful and fit, but so cocky and full of himself it soured him for her and sucking his dick made her feel like such a slut!
"Come on, take that dress off and show me that cute body."
She stopped sucking and took off the dress and the bra without hesitation. She resumed sucking, jerking and playing with his balls so rhythmically that he started feeling waves of pleasure. She kept going further until his dick was hitting her throat. He held her hair and pushed his cock down her throat, uncaring about her will. She felt even sluttier for having her mouth used for his pure pleasure.
"Let's see what you can do." He held her head and forced his cock down her throat. She was way more stuffed than she was swallowing my whole cock but there was still a lot of his dick to go. She pushed him and gasped for air. She recovered a little and tried again but her throat was getting sore. On the third try she was considering that maybe it was just too big and she might not succeed. He didn't try to make her deep throat again and started to just face fuck her.
"It's ok. Not many girls can handle it whole and I'm pretty sure no one made it on the first day."
His words challenged her. She wasn't a quitter. She jerked his cock with both hands, just licking the tip for a while and preparing for another try. She remembered her training with me and, when she tried again, she closed her eyes and held his body with both hands whilst swallowing his cock. She only stopped when she felt her nose hitting the shaven skin of his body. They were both surprised. She held it for a while with lots of effort and even played with his balls with the tip of her tongue, surprising him even more. She slid off, gasping for air, and coughed hard. She needed to catch her breath but she felt so slutty and proud.
"Damm, Rose! That was incredible! I knew that pretty mouth was up for some fun. Here, stand up and bend over the stool." She just obeyed without question, exposing her ass and pussy over the stool. He reached behind her and slapped and grabbed her ass. He knelt behind her, fingering her pussy roughly and, when she was insane with lust, he stood up and put his dick at the entrance to her pussy.
"No...we can't. "she weakly protested, feeling his big head trying to invade her.
"Come on. You want this!" He teased her clit with his finger and pressed the head of his cock at her entrance.
"But the rules... I can't!" He started fingering her hard and really rough and she was lost in lust. He lubed one finger in her pussy and used it to invade her ass. He had been dying to do it since he heard her confession.
"What a slut! Being fingered in pussy and ass!" He humiliated her and she was in a trance. When she was about to cum he stopped and put his big cock in her pussy entrance again and rubbed it in her dripping juices.
"We can't, but please, let me cum!" she begged.
"Calm down slut. I'm just lubing It." She wasn't understanding until she felt his cock trying to invade her ass.
"No, I've never done it. This is wrong!"
"But not against the rules" he added, fingering her pussy and pushing his big cock inside her virgin asshole.
She thought about protesting but felt so slutty being used for his pleasure in such a dirty way. Mark was right, the rules only mentioned her pussy. So, for good or worse, she was obeying them. He pushed harder and the head of his cock disappeared, invading her little asshole slowly as he felt the resistance giving in. He roughly rubbed her pussy with his hand and she was biting her lower lip to handle the pain and the pleasure. He kept invading her tight asshole and she was feeling a burning pain at her entrance.
"You're gonna split me in half! Slower, please!" She tried holding back his advances with her hands, but she wasn't trying to stop him anymore, she had accepted her fate and was just negotiating the terms of her surrender.
"Shut up and take my big cock up your ass, Bitch!" He slowed a little but didn't want her to feel in control. She felt dirtier and humiliated but a wave of pleasure told her she was close and she moaned a little louder. She heard him say "Half inside, half to Go!" and felt both proud and scared. She never had anal before but had already engulfed half of his big dick.
It was getting hard to go deeper so he started pulling it out a little and then pushing a little further in. Now it wasn't just penetration, she was being really fucked in the ass. Each thrust made her moan louder in pain and pleasure. Mark feared they would wake someone and they'd maybe had to stop, so he reached out one hand to muffle her mouth as he pushed deeper as some sort of punishment.
She understood her punishment and tried to hold her moans despite being driven crazy by this storm of sensations. The juices from her pussy had dried a little and were no longer enough to fully penetrate her. He let her mouth free and slid his dick out of her. She felt empty and sore.
"What happened?" she asked, seeming somewhat disappointed.
"I can't go further but I want to bury my whole cock in your tight ass, so I need more lube, Slut." He grabbed the butter on the counter and spread some on his shaft with two fingers while she remained positioned, waiting for his return. He repositioned himself behind her and forced his cock inside again.
She felt a lot of pain when his cock head reentered her ass, which was sore from the first try. But, after the head the butter eased things, his cock glided smoothly in. After the first half had penetrated her he restarted pulling back a little and thrusting further in. This time the pain was lighter and she was even enjoying it a little, moaning softly and biting her lip trying to be quiet.
He reached the point he stopped before and it was tight but giving in with the butter. Rose began to let some louder moans escape. He grabbed her hair, muffled her mouth again and said close to her ear:
"Quiet, bitch! Take my whole cock in your ass with your mouth shut or I won't let you cum." She bit her lips harder, fearing he wouldn't let her cum. She felt even sluttier, imagining him using her to cum and not even caring about her coming.
He gave one long thrust and she felt his balls slapping her pussy. His big cock finally all fitted inside her ass. She felt completely stuffed and proud of herself, but her assfucking was just beginning. He grabbed her tits harshly and used them as anchors to thrust hard into her ass. She was feeling waves of pleasing pain and let escape some light moans. He muffled her mouth again to silence her, putting his buttered fingers inside her mouth.
She felt even more humiliated to taste the butter which he'd spread on the cock inside her ass. She started licking and sucking his fingers to maximize her submission. Mark enjoyed it and felt his orgasm approaching.
"Please, Mark, make me cum!" she begged him.
He thrusted harder, pinched her nipple and moved his hand from her boob to play roughly with her pussy. She was so teased and horny she started to cum immediately. She always tightened when cumming and I always waited for her recovery but Mark couldn't care less. Her ass tightened and he thrust even harder, enjoying it and hurting her a little.
She was so lost after cumming from being fucked in the ass she barely heard him telling her "I'm gonna fill your slutty ass, Bitch!" but she felt many strong jets of cum hitting her bowels. He pulled out and she remained on the stool, tired and used. He grabbed her hair and held his cock close to her mouth and said "You missed a drop, Slut!" She licked and savored the buttered cum, completing her submission and humiliation.
He picked up his trunks and her dress and told her "No bra, or I won't let you cum next time!" He threw her dress at her and went upstairs to change.
She slowly stood up, feeling her asshole sore and asking herself 'What the fuck just happened!? Those rules screwed me hard!' she thought to herself and grabbed some paper towels from the counter to clean her gaped asshole, seeing a mix of cum, butter and some small dots of blood. She put on her dress without her bra as Mark ordered. It kind of made sense among all the craziness this weekend. She fixed her hair and her makeup in the mirrored cabinet then finally finished preparing breakfast and went upstairs to wake me up.
---
I woke up to Rose smiling close to my face after she called me. I rubbed my eyes and lightly kissed her mouth feeling some taste of butter on my lips, she seemed a little surprised and she said:
"Come downstairs, I made breakfast." She thought about telling me what happened but she was still recovering and thought I may want another round with her after hearing her story. She decided to postpone her confession just a little because we both were starving and the last thing she ate was my load last night. She still planned to be honest and tell me every dirty detail, so a little pause so we could eat wasn't against the rules.
I quickly washed myself and went downstairs with her. When we were about to sit I saw Ben sliding his hand under her dress and pinching her ass. She gave him a playfully angry look but said nothing. He knew I could see but didn't even try to hide, setting the tone for a teasing atmosphere.
We were enjoying breakfast, talking about college, our lives, careers and about us getting bald. Then Ben said he had started seeing someone, nothing serious yet but she seemed nice. Rose got interested in the girl asking questions and Ben even showed a picture of her. She was young and cute. The photo was at the Beach and she was wearing a bikini top and jeans shorts so we could see her fit body. Rose congratulated him and I could notice she was a little jealous.
"So, did you fuck her yet?!" Mark asked, typical of him.
"Yes, we spent the night together on our third date" Ben replied awkwardly, uncomfortable at saying this in front of Rose.
"Nice! But does she do the basics?" Mark asked him, as if it was obvious to everyone. "I'm not telling you that!" Ben protested.
"What basics?" Rose asked.
"Mark used to say back in college every girl must do the *basics* for a chance with him... the basic for him was the girl giving head and doing anal sex." I picked the least worst words I could find, but Mark added.
"Yeah, to have a shot with me the girl needs to like sucking my cock and taking It up the ass! One time I banged this hot girl and she not only did the basics she deepthroated my cock until I felt her tongue in my balls!" He grinned, looking at Rose blushing and she felt somewhat proud she was able to meet Mark's demands.
Rose knew he was talking about her actions a little while ago. She felt exposed and slutty again, especially now she wasn't wearing anything underneath and her ass was still sore and full of Mark's cum. Her nipples hardened and could be clearly spotted through her thin polka dot dress.
"Lovely, what a gentleman! No one wants to hear about that, Mark!" I complained and changed the subject, trying to distance the talk from sex. "Where do you guys wanna hang out today?"
"Well, how about we go for a walk on the beach!?" Ben suggested. We lived a 10 minute drive from a calm beach, so it wasn't a bad idea.
"Yeah, I might score some pussy there" Mark agreed, being Mark.
"Alright, so Beach It is" I agreed, ignoring Mark.
"I'm already changed, so I'll get these dishes in the washer while you guys get ready" said Ben, who started collecting the dishes.
---
We went upstairs to change and Rose stopped me. "Baby, I have to tell you something." She had a guilty puppy face and was blushing a little.
"Now? Can't it wait so we return? The guys are ready to go." I wasn't expecting anything close to what had actually happened.
"Ok. I'll tell you later." She seemed a little disappointed deep down she was relieved. She picked her black string bikini out of the closet and threw it on the bed, along with a thin flowery white beach dress. She suddenly stopped, looking at the clothes she picked. "Babe, the Rules says I can't wear panties" she smiled, picking up the bikini panties and holding them out to me.
"What a shame! "I said sarcastically, imagining her naked wearing underneath the thin beach dress, "But rules are rules."
She pulled off the dress she had on, showing me her completely naked body and then slid on the flowery white beach dress and turned to me posing:
"Are you sure this isn't much too revealing!?" She was checking herself in the mirror." I can put on a darker dress or at least a less transparent one.
"No, this one is perfect!" I reassured her. You could only see her nipples if you really focused because the flowery pattern helped hide them, but my dick hardened just looking at her exposed like that. The beach was almost always empty and most of the possible audience had already seen her naked the night before, so that wasn't really a problem.
"Ok then, this is the one" she smiled and went to the bathroom while I changed in our room. When she was peeing some of Mark's cum dripped from her ass, she pushed harder and expelled more cum until it stopped. She cleaned her recently fucked ass, feeling sore.
When she got out of the bathroom I was ready and we met the guys downstairs. Ben's and Mark's jaws dropped, seeing Rose was barely dressed as she came down the stairs. They didn't both hiding their interest, checking out her naked figure under the dress.
"We're going in my car" Mark said, stopping me when I grabbed my keys. We went outside and I went to the front passenger's door. He stopped me again. "No way, dude, that's Rose's seat!" We changed doors and she sat next to him with nothing but a thin layer of cloth covering her naked figure from Mark's view, the sunlight making it even more see through. Mark had an almost clear view of her nipples and she was feeling completely naked under his glances. Her pussy started getting wet.
It was a short drive but Mark enjoyed the opportunity, resting his hand on Rose's leg a few times. He even rubbed her inner thigh a little when he stopped at a traffic light, with no complaints from her.
---
We arrived at the beach and it was nearly empty as usual, with just some couples and small families spread very sparsely. We parked close to a small restaurant and installed ourselves in one of the beach huts. A young waiter from the restaurant came to offer some drinks and we took our time thinking while he drooled over Rose.
We ordered a few drinks and he, when he brought our drinks, he offered Rose one of the beach chairs "on the house" and positioned it where he could get a good view of her. She thanked him but obviously couldn't take off her dress. We relaxed and chatted for a while. Mark went swimming and left the three of us with our drinks. Then Ben went for a walk and Rose and I were alone.
"So, how does It feel wearing nothing but a thin dress?" I asked her.
"Really exposing! And the breeze tickles a bit down there. Maybe this poor waiter won't charge my drinks, haha."
"Poor waiter? He's having the view of his life."
"Baby, Mark and I did some stuff before I woke you up."
"Really!? I need more details than that!" I was surprised and already hard, just from her being barely dressed.
"First of all, I don't think you thought through your rules very well. They screwed me HARD!" She was a little angry, but clearly excited.
"The no panties rule?"
"I thought that would be the toughest, but it was easy compared to the Honesty and Only Dick rules."
"Are you afraid of telling me somehing?" I was confused how the honesty rule could possibly give her any trouble.
"No, the problem with the honesty rule is that you didn't specify it was with you! And the other rule problem is that you specified it too much!"
"Did he force you to do something?" I was worried.
"Not exactly, but I deep-throated him..." I was shocked and she hesitated for a second, but resumed telling me. "...and he fucked me in the ass!" she added. My shock was even bigger. She never let me even try fucking her ass but Mark could!
"What? How did that happen!?" My mind was blown and my stomach revolved.
"Well I followed your rules. Mark kept asking questions and the honesty rule obligated me to answer him, telling him everything I did the night before. He even asked all the rules so he had leverage. He teased me, and telling him everything made me feel so horny and exposed babe."
"Oh my god!" I was in shock that it was somehow my fault that he had access to everything she did and used against her.
"He made me suck him and I tried my best to take him all down my throat. When I achieved it I even licked his balls a little... I was the girl he mentioned during breakfast!" She was talking naturally about this but her pussy was dripping wet from confessing.
"Holy shit! But how did he fuck your ass!?"
"He ordered me to be naked and fingered my pussy and my ass." She was talking in such a natural way it somehow calmed me." He really wanted to fuck me, but your rules didn't allow it. He tried a little to tease me into it but I was commited to following the rules. But the rules just mention my pussy so he lubbed his cock in my pussy lips and went for my ass. I was begging him to make me cum and he would only do it if I took It up my ass. Sorry, babe. I was out of control and needed to cum."
"How was it?" I was lost for words, picturing what had happened.
"To be honest, it was humiliating but naughty! He wasn't nice and called me a bitch. He just used me to please him, but that made me feel even naughtier. I felt such a slut!"
"Did you come?"
"Yes! He was using me and rubbed my pussy so I came really hard."
"Came...being fucked in the ass!" It was sinking in. "Where did he come?" "Deep in my ass, a little while after I came."
"Did you get it all inside?"
"Yes. He's so big babe, it felt like he was tearing me in half!"
"Bigger than me?" I knew the answer, but still wanted to hear it.
"Yes, bigger and thicker." she answered proudly.
"Oh my god!" I was still shocked but hard. "Anything else?"
"Well...he used butter to ease things and he made me lick the last cum drops from his dick freshly out of my ass" she said; blushing hard, reliving our humiliation.
"Oooh! That's why... your lips... tasted like butter this morning!? "I finally understood. "Yes!" Her smile made me feel even more humiliated.
"Damm!"
"Are you ok!?" she asked. And, after a long silence, added. "Are we ok!?" "I... We... I... Don't know" was all I could answer, my stomach cold and moving randomly.
"You know I love you more than anything, right!?" Rose said, trying to calm me. I listened quietly, thinking about everything she told me. She leaned her body into me and held my hand while I was digesting everything. Mark came back and dropped his body on the resting chair. I saw the bulge on his trunks, even soft he was bigger than me. My gut revolved a few more times, thinking how I had kissed her after she tasted his cock out of her ass.
"This beach is lame, there's no chicks here " Mark's complained. This douche had just fucked Rose's ass and was still looking for girls." Don't you feel like swimming, Rose!?" he asked her, knowing she was wearing just the thin dress.
"Bite me, Mark!" she angrily responded.
"Hmm, perhaps I will!" Somehow his nonsense brought me out of the shock and I finally noticed how hard my cock was! I was jealous and even somewhat humiliated but I don't think I've ever been this hard without actually having sex. I always wanted Rose to do anal and Mark made her do it in less than 24 hours. Now maybe I could enjoy it, so he somehow helped me achieve it in this twisted and kinky way. I remembered our previous talks and focused on that: they could play with her for a weekend, but she was mine to keep. I started this and It was opening her mind to a lot of things.
Maybe I had bitten off more than I could chew, but I wasn't exactly regretting that bite. I thought I just needed to reclaim her and everything would be alright.
Ben came back from his walk and sat close to Rose. He saw her frowning face and thought we had a fight. He called the young waiter and ordered another round of drinks. When they arrived, he lied to Mark that he had seen a few hot girls alone on his walk. Mark jumped up and went with him to look for them. Ben understood people on a whole new level.
"Babe. This game ends now. I won't ever do anything again with no one else! I love you and don't want to lose you! Would you please forgive me?" She pleaded, almost crying.
"Babe! I love you!" I finally understood how scared of having screwed things up she was. "Sorry, I was just digesting everything, but I love you and you did nothing wrong!"
"Are you sure?". She had tears in her eyes.
"Of course! I love you more than anything! I think even more now!"
"I love you babe!"
"But I think we should stop playing this, you set the rules terribly! " she smiled, still worried. "Hmm maybe we should... or maybe we can just fix the rules" I smiled. She seemed surprised. "What fixes?" she said, finally seeming less nervous.
"Definitely that the Honesty rule applies only for me!"
"Sure thing! What else?"
"Hmm, perhaps a new rule."
"Wich one?". She seemed excited again.
"Everything you do with them, you have to do the same or even better with me!" I could only think about fucking her ass!
"Hmm every naughty thing twice, ok. I think I can survive this one. Anything else?" she joked. I guess she was expecting me to fix the overly specific rule. I thought for a while and actually wanted to fix It.
"The overly specific rule, I think we should abolish It."
"Oh, let me get this right. I can do anything with them?" She was surprised and excited. "Anything with anyone you want!"
She devilishly smiled "Ok, anything else?"
"Hmmm, I don't know. How about a dare?"
"Well, I just hope you don't make me go home naked" she laughed.
"Not a bad idea, but how about some nice teasing for our waiter."
"Are you sure he doesn't have enough jerking material?"
"There is no such a thing as too much jerking material! What do you think you can do for him?" "Babe, I'm yours!" she said submissively. "You set the rules and I just follow!" "Hmm, How about you go for a swim in that dress?" I tested her.
"I hope the water is nice!" she smiled teasingly.
"So do it, babe!". She smiled wider, stood up and went swimming.
I admired her in the distance and after a few minutes she came back. The dress was slightly revealing, but with it wet she looked practically naked. I could clearly see her perfect areolas and even her little line of bush. She came back smiling, kissed me and laid down on the beach chair. The dress was nearly transparent and, glued to her body, left nothing to the imagination. The waiter showed up a minute later to see If we needed anything. Rose asked about the drinks he had and he listed them nervously.
"Do you have "Sex on the Beach?"
"Yes...we ha... have it" he stuttered, shocked and blushing.
"So I'll have a Sex on the Beach and make it strong for me please!"
The waiter left and I laughed with her.
"You're gonna kill him! Haha."
A couple passed close to us as they were leaving the Beach and the guy couldn't even hide his need to look at Rose. I was being driven crazy by her showing off. She wasn't into doing anything even remotely public before and what she was doing now was driving me crazy. Mark and Ben returned with some girls numbers. Ben had lied to him but they actually found a group of single girls hanging in a hut near the other restaurant.
"This guy is unbelievable!" Ben said, pointing to Mark without noticing Rose. "We went to talk with three girls and before I could even introduce myself he already asked which one of them
was the naughtiest!"
"You can't complain about my methods because they bring RESULTS, brother!" Mark bragged, showing two of the girls numbers in one napkin. "Later today I will be able to know for sure which one is indeed naughtier!"
"I have no idea how you don't get slapped more often!" Ben stuttered, now noticing Rose was wet.
"Damm Rose!" Mark wasn't remotely as discrete. "Maybe we already have a winner right here!"
Rose blushed and gave a shy smile but didn't botger answering Mark. The waiter brought Rose's drink.
"Your 'Se-sex on the Beach', Ma'am!" he said, handing her the drink and looking at her body.
"HAHAHA! I'll have a 'Sex on the Beach' too!" Mark couldn't hold the laughter and ordered the same drink, looking at Rose's body with lust. Rose and the waiter blushed and I knew Rose was getting horny with all the attention.
We had a few more drinks and Mark and Ben resumed discussing Mark's approaches to girls. "The harsh truth is that I am exactly what most girls want but are too afraid to admit it!" "Really!? And what's that? Some Daddy Issues specialist!?" Ben joked.
"Maybe, but most important I am a great and dirty fuck and they can be wild for once, before going back to their boring lives."
Rose and I partially agreed with him. We were just playing with him a little and then back to our boring lives. But what he saw as boring was real love and a healthy relationship.
Rose noticed the waiter looking at her from a distance and talking about her to the barman. She enjoyed the attention and decided to give them a little more jerking material.
"Babe, I'll hit the restroom" she smiled, and indicated the waiter with her eyes. I leaned in for a kiss close to her ear and whispered:
"How about you give him a tip!?" She looked at her dress and it had dried a little in the wind. It was a little less transparent but clearly there were no pockets with any cash for regular tips.
"Are you serious?" she asked, smiling.
"Dead serious!" I confirmed and checked If Mark or Ben had heard our talk, but they were still talking about girls. Rose stood up, showing them her ass under the wet dress; they briefly looked but didn't stop talking.
Rose went over to the building and our helpful waiter immediately walked up to her to see if she needed anything.
"Could you please take me to the ladies room?" She offered him her hand to help her climb the stairs. After she climbed the stairs he was going to let her hand go and point her in the right direction but she acted a little drunk and held onto his arm. They walked like this to behind the building where the bathrooms were.
"Oopsie! What a gentleman. How old are you?" She exaggerated looking for a name tag and he answered.
"It's Dylan, Ma'am, and I'm nineteen."
"Don't call me Ma'am. It makes me feel like an old lady! It's Rose!"
"Sorry, Ma... Rose!"
"Much better. You don't think I am an old lady, do you, Dylan?"
"Not really, Rose! Not even close to old!" He began to feel more comfortable. "It's here, M...Rose!" He opened the Ladies room door for her and stopped so she could enter alone. It was a nice bathroom with two stalls and it was recently cleaned but still had a wet floor and smelled like lemon sanitizer.
Rose pretended to trip in the small gap between the floors and fell on the floor pulling her dress up, showing her pussy to him. She laughed at her fall without covering herself. Dylan was shocked, looking at her exposed pussy.
"What's wrong, Dylan, haven't you ever seen one of these? Its ok, it's just friends here" she said, as if wasn't a big deal.
"No, Ma'am." He was nervous and shaky, looking but trying not to. "I'm sorry, Rose. Never in real life."
"Are you a virgin, Dylan!?" Rose analysed him. He wasn't too ugly, he was just too skinny and way too burned from working in the sun.
"Yes, Rose." He blushed and admitted his secret to her, finally helping her stand up.
"Hmm, Dylan. You have been so helpful today. I want to give you a tip but, I don't know if you noticed but, she pointed her body in the dress, I don't have any cash with me. So why don't you close the door while I use the ladies room and we work out a tip for you!" She winked at him.
"Okay!" The lucky boy went outside and checked that there was no one around and then closed the main door with his key while Rose used the stall.
"So, what tip do you want!?" she asked, after leaving the stall. Dylan surprised her with a kiss invading her mouth. It wasn't a great kiss, but wasn't that bad either and definitely started something in her. He grabbed her ass and started pulling her dress over her head. She let him do it, Ieaving her fully naked, surprised that the shy boy was taking control.
"Why don't you start sucking me?" That was her idea when she started teasing him but the way he spoke made it clear he might be wanting more.
She got on her knees in front of his crotch and he opened and downed his shorts and underwear while she looked in his eyes. She then saw he had a hairy bush and a long but thin dick. She started licking the head for a while but he started invading her mouth holding her head like some porn movie. It had a salty taste and a strong smell of sweat, but as he was thinner than her last blowjobs she found it easy to suck.
He was being kind of rough and she felt a little scared and vulnerable, but really dirty. She kept sucking hard so he could cum faster and she didn't need to do anything else.
"That's good, suck it. Suck my big cock!" She felt he was getting close and began teasing his hairy balls.
He slid out of her mouth and she feared he would try to fuck her, but he just slapped her face with his cock and she was shocked by that surprise! She had tried to be dominant in the beginning but she really loved being submissive and that cock slapping her face was really effective. She resumed sucking and worshipping his cock. He slid out again and cockslapped her two more times, making a mess of strings of saliva and precum over her face. He then gave her a light slap with his hand on her face. She was shocked again but was loving the submission and didn't complain.
"Are you loving my cock, Rose?"
"Yes!" He slapped her face again, a little harder, and made her lick his hairy balls. She began jerking his cock while licking them and he let a groan escape. She felt his balls tensing and she resumed sucking his cock and jerking harder. She thought about how bad the smell of cum would be in her mouth and decided to deep throat him so his cum would go deeper down her throat.
He shook a little and groaned loudly, shooting his first jet of cum down her throat. She removed her hands and swallowed his whole cock until his bush was tickling her nose. She felt a few more jets down her throat and thought how easily she managed to deep throat him. His thinner cock helped but she was getting to be an expert at it and felt really proud.
She slowly sucked and swallowed the last of the cum in his softening cock. She smiled and stood up, picking up her dress. He was still weak from cumming but protested almost desperate:
"You didn't come! Damm, I wanted to fuck you but I came so fast!"
"I'm fine, it's ok!"
"Can I have your number?"
"I have a boyfriend you know!?" she joked, scaring him a little. "Haha, how about that? Why don't you give me your number and maybe I call you when I need help." He quickly dropped on his knees to get pen and paper from his shorts to write his number on for Rose. She had just dressed but she was still horny and seeing that young boy on his knees crazy for her felt empowering. She stood close to his face and did one last tease.
"See, I have no pockets to put your number in. Why don't you write on my skin to make sure I don't lose it? " She lifted her left thigh in front of him, her wet pussy close to his face, and pointed to her inner thigh for him to could write on.
Dylan wrote his number on her pale inner thigh while looking at her exposed pussy and gave it a kiss, surprising her. He stood up, pulling his shorts up, and opened the door for her to leave. She returned to our hut and Ben and Mark were still arguing about random stuff. Only I noticed her little delay; Dylan came so fast it was indeed hard to notice.
She had been exposed and teased all day, and was getting desperate to cum. She leaned close and gave me a little kiss on my lips; sort of sharing her punishment with me. I tasted Dylan on her kiss and felt really dirty but I was a few drinks too late to mind much. I wanted to reclaim her so I asked if it was time to go home and everyone agreed. We paid the bill with a nice unsolicited discount.
When we reached Mark's car he handed me the keys saying:
"Why don't you give it a try? Be careful, this is a Porsche Cayenne. It's large but still a Porsche and can be a bit skittish!"
I was surprised Mark wanted me to drive his precious car but when he entered the back seat pulling Rose with him it all made sense. I would be the driver for them.
It wasn't a long ride home but Rose was a delicious sheep between two hungry wolves and I feared I might crash the car checking on them in the mirror. Mark put his hand on her thigh before I even left the parking lot and started sliding it towards her pussy.
"Behave yourself!" She slapped his hand, acting offended." Save It for the naughty girls you got the phone numbers from." I wasn't sure if she was pretending or jealous for real.
"Someone is jealous we got some phone numbers Ben!"
"We? You got one too?" She turned to Ben.
"Well, there were three girls. Mark got two numbers. The other one gave me hers without me asking." Ben tried to explain.
"And you accepted? Oh my god!"
"I had to. Declining would have been insulting" Ben smiled, giving such a poor excuse.
"Unbelievable, we could hand hung out all day but you guys chose to chase some random girls! I guess I should call the number I got too?"
"You got a phone number? Where is it then?"
"Here!" Rose pulled up her dress and held it covering only her pussy, exposing her thigh. "Since you guys are gonna be busy with your numbers, perhaps I should give my number a call!" she mocked them.
"Who the fuck is Dylan?" Ben couldn't control his outburst. "And why did you write his number there?"
"Oh, it wasn't me who wrote it, that's his writing!" Rose laughed at their shock.
Mark and Ben were angry and jealous with her teasing someone other than us. The least jealous person in that car was me. I was enjoying both driving Mark's Porsche and Rose provoking them. I laughed to myself, knowing they didn't have a clue she had just sucked our waiter's dick. They protested but she laughed at them and we soon reached home. Mark wanted to play with Rose on the way home but his plans failed. I was a mix of relieved and sad nothing happened on our drive home.
---
We all went inside. Mark went upstairs to shower and Ben opened a beer and sat by the pool upset. Rose grabbed my arm and dragged me upstairs.
"Babe, I need to cum so bad!" she confessed the moment we closed the door behind us. "How did being exposed all day feel?"
"So slutty! Babe, please make me cum. I'm begging you!" She was kissing my chest and taking my clothes off. That felt empowering; she was so crazy to cum and being so submissive.
"Take your dress and my clothes off, then tell me everything that happened with the waiter and I'll make you cum!" I ordered. She complied as fast as she could, getting naked and kissing my body as she took my clothes off. She started telling me while jerking my semi hard cock.
"I acted drunk and asked Dylan to take me to the bathroom, babe. I pretended to fall and showed him my pussy. Babe, I was so wet!"
"He saw your pussy?" I was picturing the scene and enjoying her handjob.
"Yes. I told him to lock the door while I used the stall and when I opened the stall he kissed me! She bit her lower lip. "Remember your new rule that I have to do everything I do with the others with you?"
I nodded and she kissed me with passion! I felt the bitter and salty taste of his cum and the sweet flavour of her drinks from her mouth. She was loving making me taste him! It was humiliating but kinky and I'm sure that's exactly what Rose wanted me to feel. I figured her biggest kink was not only to be submissive and dirty but to make me feel that too.
"Could you taste him, babe? "she asked excitedly.
"Yes, what else did you do?" She was pumping my now fully hard cock faster.
"He is a virgin, babe. I told him I would give him a naughty tip. I tried to be in control, but then he started bossing me and took off my dress. I even got a little scared but you know how I love obeying. He ordered me to suck his cock!"
"And you started sucking him?" I said, picturing her naked on her knees.
"Of course babe; like the slut you know I am!"
"Yes, you are a slut indeed! Did you suck him good?"
"Yes, I even swallowed his whole cock and he came in no time down my throat! I'm getting so good at it babe!"
"The perfect cock sucking slut! Did he want to fuck you, babe?"
"He wanted to, poor virgin. He was so desperate he came too soon and wasted his chance of fucking me. He wanted my number, but I preferred having his and thought it would be fun if he wrote it on my body." I laid her down on the bed, kissing her body down to her hips, getting the same view he had. I could read his name, so close to her pussy. It was like he had marked her to show me he used her to cum.
"It's like he left a note for me 'Dylan was here!' It's so naughty!" I started kissing and licking her pussy like a madman.
She had been teased so much during the day her juices had a stronger taste. I licked her, savoring her pussy and grabbed both her buttcheeks, pulling her hips up to my mouth. She began moaning so loud she bit the tip of one pillow to muffle herself and then grabbed my hair. She started swaying her hips on my mouth, feeling waves of pleasure. I inserted my middle finger inside her drenched pussy and started teasing her pussy from inside.
I felt her thighs pressing on my ears and then her hips started shaking violently, rubbing herself against my mouth. Her juices flowed even more and her pussy tightened on my finger. Her abs spasmed for a while and finally her whole body relaxed. I stopped licking her and removed my finger.
"Oh my god! I needed that!" she said finally, still catching her breath.
I laid down next to her and watched her beautiful naked body as it gave quick spasms from time to time, still feeling smaller waves of pleasure.
She quickly recovered and sat fastening her hair into a ponytail, smiling at me. A clear signal which translated as "I'm about to suck your cock!" and she did that perfectly.
She positioned herself on her knees and elbows, giving me a beautiful sight of her ass up in the air and her back as bent as possible. She started licking my cock, twisting her tongue around the head, pacing her licks with jerking and playing with my balls.
She started sucking with passion swallowing me in her throat from the start, making me feel her throat massaging my cock head. She deep throated it a few times and resumed sucking without gasping for air. I couldn't believe how much she'd improved in such a short time. I could feel my orgasm building up and she suddenly stopped and looked at me with a naughty smile.
"Baby, I forgot to tell you...". She grabbed the base of my cock with her hand and leaned her head against my cock and slapped her cheek with it twice." Dylan slapped his cock in my face like this. He also gave me a slap with his hand too, I felt such a slut!"
I grabbed the base of my cock and slapped her face with it, spreading her face with saliva. She gave a pleased smile. I slapped her face with my hand and she widened her smile like she was in a submissive trance. She resumed sucking my cock and all her teasing brought me close to the edge.
"Wait, I don't want to cum yet! I want to fuck your ass like Mark did!" She smiled.
"Sorry baby. I thought about your new rule and you should only enjoy things I did to others after the rule. So, you will only fuck my ass after I give it to someone else again! And you will only fuck me if someone else fucks me first." She must have thought a lot about this. She found every good and bad sides of each rule." Right now, you are only getting sucked because I sucked Dylan" she added, smiling.
I was thinking about letting another man fuck her ass again and I found It so kinky! Her interpretation of my rule was driving me crazy in humiliation and I was about to cum when she resumed sucking. I wanted a small revenge on her and decided not to warn her I was about to cum. She kept sucking, so good that it wasn't long until I came without telling, but she didn't complain. She was surprised by the first jet but continued sucking like nothing happened. I was spasming and releasing all my load and she kept sucking until I stopped. She carefully slid off my dick without missing a drop and showed me her mouth with a white pool of cum. She closed her mouth and gulped my load then showed me her empty mouth and smiled. My mind was blown. She had become every guy's dream in just one weekend! She laid next to me and pulled my arm over, cuddling herself.
"When did you learn that?" I was amazed.
"Well, I don't mind the taste and texture anymore, now I've swallowed a few loads. It makes me feel proud and happy to please. Did I get It right?"
"Right? That was insane!"
"Thank you, Babe." She smiled proudly and made herself comfortable on my chest.
The beach and our play exhausted us and Rose fell asleep on my chest. Since I couldn't move I kept thinking about everything that was happening and her using the new rule to make me want her to do stuff with others. I wanted her ass and now she had to let someone else fuck her ass first. That excited and scared me but it wasn't long until I was asleep too.