I was in my second semester at college when my finances really started to feel the pinch. I had been trying to find some on campus to earn some extra money but hadn't been lucky, and I didn't know how I was going to afford next months rent.
"I just don't know what I'm going to do!" I cried to Riley, my flat mate.
"I wish I knew of any jobs going on campus"
"Me too!" I smiled.
"Here have a beer! We may not be able to sold your problems tonight, but at least we can drown your sorrows."
................................................................
"You don't need both your kidneys, right?"
"You can't sell your kidney Angie!"
"But if I don't need it..."
"Oh my god!" Riley interrupted "you're being so melodramatic, we will figure something"
"Well I'm starting to feel pretty drunk, I'm bound to be full of great ideas!" I exclaimed jubilantly flinging my arms and legs out. Kicking the coffee table and sending our collection of beer bottles flying!
"Angie you're a drunken menace" Riley laughed, kicking my legs!
"A fun menace!" I corrected
"If you say so!"
A long pause fell over the conversation, my head fell back and I started to drift of to sleep.
"There is something...."
"What?" I replied sleepily
"Well there's this thing some of the girls in my class have been doing for money"
I shot up, suddenly feeling awake. "What? What is i?t tell me!"
"Look I didn't want to mention it because it's a little out there"
"It's not prostitution is it?" I joked leaning back again.
"Not quite!"
"What do you mean by 'not quite!'"
"Well you don't have sex with strangers"
"What do you do then"
"Make videos online"
"Videos?"
"Yeah, like a strip tease! But some guys can pay more for private shows"
"I can't do that!
"That's why I didn't say earlier.... Look just forget I said anything ok?"
...................................................................
With drunken bravery coursing through my veins I had signed up to the website that night. I sent up my computer, switching on my web and waited for someone to log into my video stream.
The website charged $10 to log into a girls stream, then viewer could pay extra to ask you to do extra things. Viewers could also pay extra for 'private chats' which cost $150.
As I waited for viewers to log in I decided to get changed. Taking off my over sized Tshirt and sweat pants and changing into a tight fitting mini dress. As I bent over to pick up some clothes of the floor I heard a 'ping'. I rushed over to my computer to see a view had logged on, leaning over I showed off my cleavage to the webcam.
"Hello there viewer!" I purred "you're my first ever viewer, I hope you will be kind to me as it is my first time!" I stood up and tried to slowly turn around, trying to show off my body to the viewer.
'Ping' another viewer. As I slowly turned I started to run my hands over my body. Starting at my hips I ran my hands backwards, slowly caressing the cheeks of my ass, giving it a little squeeze to the camera then slowly turning around to face the camera, running my hands up my side slowly, until they reached my breasts. I slowly squeezed each breast, finding each nipple through the fabric and giving it a little squeeze.
'Ping' I had already made $30 without doing much. I casually walked towards the computer, sitting in front of the camera I squeezed my tits together to form an impressive cleavage, leaning forward to give my viewers a better view.
"How am I going for my first time viewers?" I asked squeezing my tits again to camera
*great* -HRDON69
*first timers are my favourite" BIGCOCK165
*take that dress off" HRDON69
"This old thing" I joked stepping back from the camera I grabbed the hem and slowly peeled the dress up revealing my black lace panties. I left the dress wrapped around my mid rid as I repeated the act of caressing my butt cheeks to the camera.
'Ping'
With a little wiggle of my ass I continued pulling my dress up, still with my back to camera, peeling it up over my head. I look back to camera over my shoulder trying to give my best sultry look.
'Ping'
I slowly turn to camera showing my tits covered by the black lace bra, slowly running my hands over the fabric I could feel my nipples hardening.
*I wnt 2 see tits* DANDAMAN
I continued running my hands over the fabric of my bra, slowly running down the fabric edge, pulling it down exposing my tits, my tits hanging over the top I grab both my tits, grabbing hand fills of flesh, squeezing my nipples between my fingers. Knowing a load of people were paying to watch me caress my body was starting to turn me on and I was really starting to enjoy the experience.
'Ping' another viewer had joined the party. I was now up to six viewers. I walked closer to the computer, reaching behind my back I unhooked my bra, letting it fall to the floor, I leaned forward, letting my breasts hang free.
'Now viewers, what would you like to see next"
*that sweet pussy you're hiding* HRDON69
"Now I think that may cost a little extra" I whispered caressing my right breast again.
I heard a computer generated noise of coins falling, then again. As I looked to the screen I saw that my viewers had paid $40 to get me to take my underwear off.
I stood slowly moving back in the room, giving the viewers a good shot. With my back to them I slowly pushed the back of my underwear down exposing my pert backside, with a little wiggle I pushed my underwear half way down my thighs. Then I pushed them to the floor, bending at the waist so my shaved pussy lips were just about exposed through the gap in my legs. I slowly stepped out of my underwear accentuating the movements of my hips as I lifted each leg, exposing just a little more of my pussy as I lifted each foot. Slowly I lifted my body back up, turning now to face my audience, I began running my hands over my body, up my hips and across my stomach, cupping each breast in turn, tweaking and pulling on my nipples, letting out a little moan as I did so. Slowly I ran my left hand back down my body I let it run beneath my legs, I felt the moisture on the outer lips of my pussy, god this was turning me on so much I was desperate to plunge my fingers deep inside and rub my clit to orgasm. I allowed my middle finger to dip beyond my outer folds, gently toying with my wet opening. Then I remembered my audience and stopped. I slowly pulled my hand away bringing it to my mouth to lick my wetness off my finger, I had always enjoyed the taste of my arousal. Pulling my finger out of my mouth I looked down the camera, putting my index finger in the air I moved it from side to side.
"Oh no, you don't get it that easy"
I walked over to the computer to check what my viewers were saying and noticed my stream was full. Being a new user it was capped at 10 viewers.... I had 10 viewers!
*you tease* BIGCOCK165
*i would love to see you finger yourself* MASTERANDSLAVE560
"Well you will have to show me how much it's worth to you all!"
*ur so hot* DANDAMAN
that familiar noise of the computer coins kept making a noise, I could see the total payments rising rapidly with what seemed like every viewer paying to see me bring myself off. When the noise finally stopped my total extra payments had reached $251.
"Well since you're all so generous I think I should show you a bit more." I picked up my laptop, walking it towards my bed. I set it and one corner while I piled pillows against the wall in the other corner. I sat on the bed leaning against the wall. I pulled on my nipples, my head dropping back embracing the pleasure it was bringing me, letting my legs fall open. I knew the views had a great view of my pussy at this angle, I was really giving them their monies worth. Slowly with my right hand my index finger ran up and down the opening of my pussy lips, slick with my juices I pushed them around coating my clit and showing the viewers exactly how wet I was. I was enjoying the waves of pleasure brought about as my finger flicked over my sensitive button, letting out a little moan, as I ran my finger back down my slit I dipped it inside me. My arousal was so high my finger slid in easily, then back out again and back up to my clit again.
Conscious of giving my viewers the best possible view I pulled my left knee up towards my chest, allowing my arm to reach around and gain full access to my opening without obscuring view. I ran the fingers of my left hand up and down my opening as my right focused on slowly rubbing at my clit. My left hand pulled my lips apart giving a good view of my opening. As I looked at my computer I could see the full shot of my open pussy, seeing myself on display like that made me feel so horny in a way I had never felt before. I wanted something inside me, I pushed two of my fingers deep inside my wet slit as deep as they could go, pushing them in and out of my opening as my other hand worked at my clit. I looked back at the screen.
*i would love to fuck that* DANDAMAN
*i bet it tastes great" MASTERANDSLAVE560
*that pussy is so hot* HGK7
*i want to see 3 fingers in it* GOLDENBALLS
reading the viewers talk about my pussy turned me on so much that I decided to do as GOLDENBALLS asked and pulled my fingers all the way out of my pussy, adding another then trusting them back in. My pussy lips stretched wider with this new addition, which drove me wild. I was lost in the sensations of my pussy and began pumping harder and faster into my slit. I continued the assault on my clit rubbing harder and faster, matching the pace of my fingers pounding inside me.
*cum for us baby!" HRDON69
I read on the screen as my vision started to blur from the orgasm building inside of me, my head lay back on the pillows as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through my body. My hips bucking against the fingers that were still deep inside me, my pussy walls gripping on to them not wanting to let them go. I writhed in pleasure as my orgasm coursed through my veins, moaning and crying out in pleasure.
My body started to calm as my orgasm subsided, but I could still feel my pussy pulsating against my fingers. I slowly slid them out, coated in my juices, pulling my pussy lips wide. As I looked to the screen I could see my pussy still pulsating from the pleasure it had received.
I slowly pulled myself up so I could sit forward to talk to the camera.
"I hope you enjoyed my first time viewers, I know I did! I will update my profile tomorrow and I will hopefully see you all soon!"
I gave a cute little wave to the camera before switching it off
*that was amazing* MASTERNADALAVE560
*pls cum bck soon* GREGATRON78
*that was gr8* GOLDENBALLS
*perfect first time" HRDON69
I looked at the little money pot on my screen and between the log in fee and the extra payments I had made $351 for that session. Even once I paid my website fee that still left me with over $300. Maybe paying rent won't be so difficult after all!