At the end of the summer after my freshman year at Oceanview U., I went back to Japan to see my parents. My American friend Debbie came with me, as did my boyfriend Ryosuke. Debbie has long dirty blonde hair, wears blue eye shadow, and is always saying weird things, looking at you to check your reaction. I get her, think she's funny, but not everyone does. My dad thought she was great. He went to school, and worked in the States, so maybe that's why. Then again, Dad always likes my female friends.
I was glad to have both Ryosuke and Debbie with me for the flight over, but they were both strangely quiet. I guess Debbie was thinking about her own Japanese boyfriend in Tokyo, while Ryosuke was trying to be better behaved after teasing me the last time the two of them met. Maybe I'd told Debbie a little too much about the mischief Ryosuke and I get up to, so court was in session, with Debbie the judge. Ryosuke was going to have to get used to that, because he was supposed to meet my parents in a few days, but he doesn't really worry much about that kind of thing.
Ryosuke was dressed in breezey fashion, tanned, wearing his Top Gun sunglasses, a loose fitting steely grey sweatshirt, khaki jeans. He's a handsome guy, funny, confident, fashionable with his frosted tips, but I don't know if that will help him with my parents. My mom wants me to marry someone who went to a good school, someone boring basically. 'Boring' is one thing that Ryosuke is not.
After we landed, we got on the train together, but Ryosuke headed off to his parents' place in Tokyo, while I brought Debbie home to Kamakura to stay with us. Dad seemed pretty pumped to meet her, relishing the chance to practice his English. Mom tried to make her feel at home.
When Dad was off at work, I took Debbie to Tokyo, so she could see her boyfriend, while I snuck off to see Ryosuke, and meet his parents and friends. I'll tell you more about that some other time.
Debbie flew back to Oceanview early, so after that, things settled down at my house. My dad suggested that I invite Ryosuke down, and he would take the two of us and my mom out sightseeing. The Shonan area around Kamakura has tons of beaches, parks and temples, so almost every weekend, my parents head out on these little day trips to explore.
That morning, I got up, and tried to decide what to wear. It was September by then, but it was still pretty warm. I found a sleeveless yellow sundress, fairly mini, but still decent, and decided to go with that. I brought it downstairs to the bath. I checked myself in the mirror. My hair was black and long, my skin fairly pale even though I'd been to the beach a fair bit. I wore lots of sunblock. I'd let my bangs grow in, giving myself a mysterious look(?). Seeing Debbie with her eye shadow made me wonder if I should tweeze my eyebrows, put on some raspberry lip gloss or something. I like to keep my look natural. Ryosuke seems to like me this way, so I guess it doesn't matter.
I had a shower, and then pulled on some undies and this yellow dress. Before we left, I pulled on some socks and black leather lace-up boots for hiking. Didn't really match my dress, but they look cute too, on me at least.
Ryosuke gave me a call when he arrived at Kamakura station, and we headed out to pick him up. My dad drove us down to Zushi, a neighboring town to the south. Zushi is kind of famous for its marina, but we headed through town to Mount Hirou Park on the far side. Hirou means something like 'show off' or 'open your heart.' I guess I must have been there before, but I didn't remember it.
We drove up to the top of the mountain (more like a hill but it's called Mount Hirou), and parked the car. There was a drink machine, so we bought some drinks, and went over, and took a look at the zoo. My mom came over, and chatted with me, but my dad was pretty quiet. Ryosuke was trying to act friendly, but you could tell he didn't really know what to say to my dad. It was going well though I thought. No big problems yet.
Next, my dad wanted to show us the observation platform. On clear days, you are supposed to be able to see Mount Fuji, but it was a bit cloudy that day. We came back, and found the path that leads down to the platform that overlooks the sea. My dad said it was a long walk. Ryosuke wanted to walk down, but my dad wanted to drive, so we split up. My parents promised to meet us at the bottom of the hill.
The path down is quite nice, gently sloping with a soft lawn of grass and woods on both sides. The park is right in the town of Zushi, but you can't really see the town from inside the park. I really enjoy all the greenery in Shonan. It's so peaceful and soothing.
Ryosuke looked pretty happy too. He had a big smile on his face, and held my hand, swinging it cheerfully as we walked down.
"What are you so happy about?" I asked.
"No, it's just you look so cute today."
I laughed, a bit surprised he was so sweet all of a sudden. He really doesn't say things like that so often. We walked down a little ways further, and then he pulled me off to the side to the edge of the trees. He looked deep into my eyes, and then gave me the softest kiss. I was a bit surprised.
"Someone's feeling frisky," I blushed as he tried to kiss me again. I was feeling a bit self-conscious about smooching in this public park with my parents nearby.
"Do you want to...?" he asked leaving the question unfinished.
"What?"
"You know. Fool around a little." He tried to pull me down onto the grass, but I resisted. I guess I was worried about keeping my parents waiting.
"No, no. Let's just walk, OK?"
He looked kind of disappointed, but he settled down to humor me. We continued down the hillside. The further down we went, the narrower the path became. The woods were kind of closing in on either side of us. I stopped on the stairs, and looked at him, wondering perhaps if this might be a private enough place to make out a little. We hadn't seen anyone at all, since we left my parents. I guess most people don't hike down this far.
"What?" he asked.
"If you have to ask, I'm not going to answer," I giggled. I started running on ahead, teasing him, and he came chasing.
"What are you up to? You little rapscallion," he called after me. The ground was a bit wet. I almost slipped, and fell in the mud. Ryosuke raced down, and caught me. I looked up at him with wide eyes, impressed that he'd come to my rescue.
"I almost fell in the mud there, and ruined my dress," I giggled. I wondered if he might kiss me, but instead he helped me stand back up.
"Yeah, you'd better be careful. It would be a shame to ruin it," he said more seriously.
"It is kind of slippery," I said running the toe of my boot through the mud. I stood with my back to him, looking down shyly at the ground. I wasn't sure exactly what I wanted to do, but I was starting to feel a bit frisky myself. He must have sensed this because he came closer hovering behind me.
"It is a nice dress," he purred into my ear. I glanced back at him. He was looking at me with this big grin on his face. "Is this how you undo it?" he asked grasping the zipper at the back of my neck.
"Ryosuke, don't," I said softly. He didn't listen though. He pulled the zipper down. "Ryosuke!" I protested more forcefully.
"Just relax. There's no one here," he reassured me. I looked up and down the path. I was true that we hadn't met anyone, but it was broad daylight. Mount Hirou is considered the countryside in Japan, but like Kamakura, they've built retaining walls on the slopes. There are houses wherever it's safe to build, right up to the edge of the park. The people who live here were probably around somewhere.
I kept looking around, but Ryosuke bent over, and started lifting up my dress. I had a bad feeling about this. My parents were probably half way down the hill by now, but I felt a bit anxious about doing anything knowing they were so close by. Ryosuke had pulled my dress all the way up to my bra before I stopped him.
"I don't know...," I objected.
"Yeah, don't worry. We can hide in the woods if anyone comes."
I still wasn't sure this was such a good idea, but he seemed to have his heart set on it, so I raised my arms, and let him take the dress off me. I felt absolutely silly standing here in my underwear. Ryosuke gave me a big grin.
"You look great!" He pulled his camera out of his bag, and then folded my dress, and put it in.
"Hey! Hey! What are you doing with my dress?"
"You said you didn't want to get it dirty!" he teased.
I was feeling more and more anxious about the whole situation. I stared back up the path, but it still seemed pretty quiet. I really didn't want to stay out in the open like this though. Ryosuke raised his camera, and took a few quick shots, and then started down the hill.
"Where are you going?"
"It's too dark in the woods here. I just want to go a bit further down where the light is better."
I peered through the trees down the path. There didn't seem to be anyone down there, but I felt silly walking around in my undies. We had done things like this before, but not with my parents so close by. I licked my lips, and pressed my hand against my beating heart.
Ryosuke led me into a small clearing where the sun was beaming down through a space in the trees. I felt so nervous, but Ryosuke started undoing my bra.
"What are you doing?" I squealed.
"Shh. Shh. Relax," he whispered a bit hoarsely. He must have been pretty excited by then. He pulled my bra off as I continued to look around. My breasts were a bit lighter than the rest of my skin, kind of making it obvious I was naked even from a distance. I didn't have that much of a tan, but my tummy was perhaps a bit darker from swimming at the beach. My pink nipples were already standing at attention from the excitement of being naked out here in the middle of this quite public park.
Ryosuke started pulling my panties down. It felt so weird getting stripped naked under the bright mid-day sun. I trimmed my black pubic hair a while back, and it hadn't fully grown back in. There weren't any real tan lines on my naked hips. I felt so self-conscious. I must look quite the sight, so obviously naked in a place I shouldn't be.
"It's National Naked Day, anyway," he grinned.
"What?"
"Didn't you see the news?"
I just laughed. That would be pretty crazy.
Ryosuke nodded for me to lift my feet, so he could take my panties right off. I was starting to get all excited. He stuffed my undies in his bag, and stood up to give me a kiss. I was getting more and more excited. He slid his fingers between my legs, but I held his hand back, not wanting to start something so out in the open. Ryosuke finally backed off to take some pictures.
I looked down at my naked body. My nipples were pink and sticking way out. The sun was shining on my breasts lighting them up. I batted down my silky black pubic hair, wondering if I should have trimmed it more before coming. I placed one hand on my butt cheek, getting even more excited. I'd better calm down. I had this tingly feeling in my tummy or perhaps a little further down in my nether region, making me feel like I might come.
"Oh god, if my mom saw me, she would freak." For some reason, this thought just got me even more excited. Ryosuke took a few pictures, but he'd kind of lost his head too. He started to undo his own trousers, obviously intending to make love right here in the clearing.
"Oh no. Ryosuke, don't. Not here anyway."
"Where then?"
"Just calm down, OK?" I walked over to him looking into the trees. "Are you sure there isn't someone watching us already?" I asked, worried. He put his arm around me, and narrowed his eyes scanning the bushes with me.
"It's OK. Relax."
I didn't feel relaxed at all. I felt nervous, confused, excited. Ryosuke took my hand again, and led me further down the path.
"Where are we going now?"
"I just want to see what's down this way."
I was shaking so much it was hard to walk. I felt so exposed, so vulnerable.
We kept walking down the path, closer and closer to where my parents must be waiting. Ryosuke squeezed my hand trying to encourage me, but I felt afraid. I felt like someone was watching us. I grasped the good-luck locket around my neck praying for it to keep me safe. Almost in answer to my prayers, the trees closed in over us shielding my naked body from the sun. Still, I couldn't stop thinking about how crazy this all was. I kept covering my mouth, so embarrassed to be walking around naked.
We walked further and further down the path on the hillside. Amazingly we didn't see anyone for the longest time. Could we really be the only ones here? I tried to relax. God, this is the craziest thing. I really shouldn't be doing this, hiking around naked in the park in broad daylight. What have I become? A nature girl? Or one of those wolf girls living in the woods?
Then further down, through the trees, we saw this road up ahead. It seemed to be some sort of highway cutting right through the park. I got Ryosuke to stop, and begged,
"Here. Give me my clothes."
"Let's just make a dash for it."
I hesitated, but Ryosuke started pulling me towards the road. As we neared the edge of the forest, I pulled back hard stopping him again. We peered through the trees looking for cars.
"My parents might be coming down this road!" I squealed genuinely worried.
"Don't worry. They're already at the bottom by now. Come on. Just quick. Let's dash across."
I finally gave in, and we sprinted across as quickly as we could. A car appeared out of nowhere. I don't think it was my parents, but anyway, I dashed into the woods, and ran on down the hill. Slowly, the trees began to thin out, and then almost before I knew it I was out in the open again in this clearing on the edge of what appeared to be a parking lot. I looked around, and realized that we were getting close to the observation platform my dad mentioned. I couldn't see my parents, but I was so worried.
"Oh god, Ryosuke. This is it," I cried out, motioning for him to follow me back into the woods. He took his sweet time coming over. "Hurry up, for heaven's sake. They are probably right there," I hissed pointing towards the lot.
"Maybe I should go check," he joked. "They are probably wondering what's keeping us."
"Give me my clothes back."
"Your parents have seen you naked before," he continued to tease.
"But what about those people back there on the road? They probably saw me, and who knows who else," I cried. This was a major tourist zone in Zushi. "Ryosuke!"
"OK. Alright already. You know you're really cute when you get all worked up like this."
I looked at him peeved, and then finally laughed.
"I can't believe you sometimes."
"No, but seriously, where do you think your parents are? Is that your car?"
I looked out. There were an awful lot of cars in the parking lot. They could be tourists here to check out the observation deck, or they could even be locals. There seemed to be a house or a restaurant or something just to the right of us after the trees stop.
"Is there anyone in those cars?" I asked, worried that people might have seen me already.
"I don't think so. Let me go check."
He left me standing here still naked, while he walked up and down the rows of cars looking for people. I watched as he circled round, and came back.
"Yeah, no people in the cars. The entrance to the hiking course is on the other side there. I think you have to hike a bit to reach this observation deck your dad was talking about. Do you think they headed down that way already?"
"Did you see our car?" I asked.
"Which one is yours?"
I hesitated to step out from the relative safety of the trees.
"Come on out," Ryosuke insisted. "It's fine. There is no one here. I swear."
"What about that house?"
"It's a cafe and bar, but it's closed. There is no one there."
I guess September is the start of the off-season, but I was still worried, especially about my mom catching me naked like this. She'd probably have a fit, and blame Ryosuke. She wouldn't be wrong either. This was his idea.
I moved forward a little, but got afraid when I spotted a big antennae-like tower to our right.
"What's that?" I asked pointing.
"An antennae?"
"You know what it is? It's for Zushi TV."
"They don't have cameras there," he assured me. "Here, let's just nip across to the hiking course. It'll be fine I swear."
I rubbed my eyes. I wanted to be brave, show Ryosuke I could be brave. I'd fooled around before in Kamakura, not usually in such a wide open space though. I cautiously stepped out, terrified actually that someone would come. My head was kind of spiraling. I felt hot, embarrassed, horny I guess. We walked all the way over to the entrance to the course, but I was starting to lose my nerve. My mom and dad were probably right there just ahead of us.
"I think we'd better stop," I finally said. "This is too dangerous."
Ryosuke looked disappointed, but he pulled out my yellow mini-dress, and gave it to me. I quickly pulled it on over my head.
"What about my underthings?"
"You look fine like that," he quipped.
"Oh come on Ryosuke. I'm serious."
"So am I."
I looked down at my dress. Maybe it was long enough to cover my pussy but just barely. Another problem is the thin cotton was so light it tended to billow up in the breeze.
"Ryosuke, I can't meet my parents like this."
"Sure, you can. You look fine."
He set out down the path, and beckoned for me to follow. How I look was one thing, but all this fooling around had set my hello kitty abuzz.
"Ryosuke, I'm... uh..." I couldn't bring myself to say it though. It was just too embarrassing.
"Come on. Your parents are waiting."
Slowly, cautiously, I followed him down the path, my kitty tingling away. My parents weren't at the washrooms nor at this mini-zoo we found. We met some other tourists, and they told us the observation deck was further down. One tourist guy looked down at my thighs as we walked away, making me all nervous that he could see my bare behind.
We finally found the observation deck and my parents. I gently tugged on the hem of my dress trying to make sure I was decent.
"It's nice, eh? The view I mean," my dad said. There were hills of trees to the left and right, and through the gap we could see the Pacific Ocean.
"Yeah, it is nice," Ryosuke agreed. I just stood there trying to hold down my dress while they took pictures. My mom was eyeing Ryosuke, not saying much.
"Are you guys ready for some lunch?" my dad finally said. I was hungry, but I was more worried about my dress. I let mom and dad go first, as we climbed back up the hill. Ryosuke walked behind me, and winked at me when I turned to check his reaction. He apparently likes this dress.
When we reached the top, we all bundled into the car, Ryosuke and I in the back. I kept my legs firmly glued together hoping that my dad wouldn't catch a glimpse of my muff in the rear-view mirror.
We made it to the restaurant alright. It was all white, maybe Italian, right on the bay with these huge picture windows looking out over the yachts and sea. The Maitre d' asked where we'd like to sit. I pointed to a place as far away from the other customers as possible. Unfortunately, it was right by the window. We could see the wooden pier down below running right alongside the restaurant. At a table not far behind us, there was another Japanese family. I pulled my seat in as far as I could, trying to hide my bare legs under the tablecloth. The waiter brought our menus. He was quite polite really. As soon as we were ready, we gave him our orders, and he disappeared off into the back.
"So did you two have a good walk?" my mom asked. I took a bite of bread, and looked over at Ryosuke, not sure how to answer. He spoke up.
"Yeah, we had a great time. It was such beautiful weather that Emi..."
I swear I thought Ryosuke was going to tell them that I'd stripped naked! I almost choked on the piece of bread. Ryosuke stopped what he was saying, and patted me on the back, to help me breathe. My mom looked worried about me, but I told her I was alright. I swallowed the bread, and took a sip of water, but I was still a jumble of nerves.
Dad started talking about their visits to this park and restaurant. I glanced around at the other guests, but luckily, no one in the restaurant seemed to be paying attention to us. The waiter brought our entrees, and I tried to settle down. I was so nervous though.
Ryosuke kept pointing out different things in the marina. When my parents looked away, he would sneak a peek at my bare thighs, clearly getting a kick out of embarrassing me. I probably would have enjoyed this more if my parents weren't here. I couldn't calm down for the life of me. I picked up a serviette to wipe my mouth, but was so jittery I dropped it on the floor.
I was kind of hoping that Ryosuke would get it for me, but he was busy talking with my dad. I leaned over sideways, and tried to catch the serviette with my fingers, but it was just out of reach. I edged the chair back, and slid off, but the hem of my dress got caught on the seat, leaving my bare bottom exposed when I squatted down. Luckily, my mom wasn't really paying attention, but when I glanced back at the father at the table behind us, he looked so shocked to see me bare-assed. I tried to pretend like there was nothing wrong, but I'm pretty sure he could tell I was naked. I reached out, and finally managed to snag my serviette.
I slid back onto my chair, but the hem of my dress was riding high. I used my serviette to cover my pussy, but now even the waiter was staring over this way, wondering what was going on. I pulled the dress down around my butt cheeks, but I think the waiter probably caught a glimpse of my bare bottom. I was so embarrassed. I discretely tried to straighten out my dress, but this father and waiter were peering over this way.
I wanted my panties back, but Ryosuke still had them in his bag. I slid forward on my chair, trying to get him to realize, but I think that just pulled my skirt up again. Ryosuke was talking with my dad, but the waiter noticed, and came over to fill my water glass. I pulled my skirt down over my pussy, hoping he wouldn't say anything. My hello kitty was tingling like crazy. He retreated back to his station, but he was watching me pretty carefully now.
"So how did you two meet?" my dad asked.
"My cousin Asuna was in the ESL program the same time as Emi in Oceanview," Ryosuke explained. "I'd come down to say hi to Asuna, and I met Emi there." He put his hand on my back, making me even more nervous. I tried to snag Ryosuke's bag with one foot, but when I spread my legs, my pussy popped into view. Frantic now, I slid off the chair to grab Ryosuke's bag, but my skirt got caught on the seat again, leaving my bare backside showing. The young father and waiter noticed right away, and stared on in wonder as I squatted down, flashing them my behind.
"Stop fussing!" my mother hissed at me. Ryosuke peered down at me, finally noticing my bare bottom. I had to get back up on the chair to appease my mother, but I nodded for Ryosuke to hand me his bag. I didn't want to set off my mom, but I pulled the hem over my pussy at least. The father seemed scandalized that I was sitting here with my bottom exposed, but the waiter looked pretty happy. I guess partly I was trying to get Ryosuke to realize how dangerous this was, but actually, I was starting to get all excited. Ryosuke reached down to fish out his bag, peering over at my hips.
"What are you two doing?" my mother asked.
"Oh, Emi needs something from my bag," Ryosuke explained. He handed me his bag, but I had to wait for my mom to stop glaring at me. The waiter came over to offer me more water,. I tried to use Ryosuke's bag to cover my pussy, but I was all sensitive down there. I glowered up at the waiter, praying he wouldn't say anything. He had a hint of a smile on his face, but didn't give me away.
Eventually, my mother looked away, so I finally was able to push my skirt back down. I looked back at the father, feeling regret for having flashed him. He was blushing, and avoided my gaze. I hope I didn't make him angry.
"Please excuse me. I have to... uh... powder my nose," I told them, getting up, taking Ryosuke's bag with me. The waiter's eyes followed me as I walked past. I felt so embarrassed.
I went around the corner, still quite close to our table. My parents could no longer see me, but I could see the waiter standing at the ready at the bar back toward the entrance. Before I went into the washroom, Ryosuke came over to see how I was. I was pretty horny, but I didn't want him to know that, so I pretended to be upset.
"They saw me! Did you see? It was horrible," I sobbed, burying my face in his chest. Maybe I poured it on a bit too thick, but Ryosuke seemed sympathetic.
"Sorry. I... uh...," he mumbled a bit at a loss. I snuggled up to him.
"Um... if it makes you feel any better, I don't think they were offended. You've got a great ass, Emi!" he said, patting me on it.
"Shhh! Keep your voice down. My parents are right there," I whispered.
Ryosuke held my wrist, and nodded for me to look at the waiter. This guy, smartly dressed in white, was looking me in the eye, smiling and silently applauding, impressed by my bravery I guess.
"Here. Give him another peek. He's loving it," Ryosuke suggested.
"What? Nooo!" I whispered back. I don't usually flash people on purpose no matter what Ryosuke says. Ryosuke leaned down, kissed me on the forehead, cheek, and then the lips, trying to get me excited I guess. I was already plenty excited, from doing this stuff all day. I just didn't think we should start something with my mom so close by. I swear my mom is like a detective or a bloodhound always sniffing out what I'm up to.
I got an idea.
"I tell you what. When we get back to my place, you make like you are going home, and I'll come out, and meet you."
"OK. That's fair. I'll try to settle down," he said, fingering his ear. He still wanted me to flash this waiter guy, so when I turned to go into the washroom, I paused at the door, letting Ryosuke lift the hem of my dress up, and showed the guy my bare bottom. The guy broke out into a wide smile, and applauded again. Ryosuke lifted my dress even more, but I thought I heard my mom coming, so I got him to let go, and rushed inside. My heart was literally pounding.
Anyway, I finally rescued my panties and bra, and pulled them back on. When I came back out, my mom asked,
"Are you OK, dear?"
"Yeah, I'm fine."
My dad paid the bill. I wasn't actually sure if my dad likes Ryosuke or not, but anyway, they seemed to be getting along for the moment.
We drove back to Kamakura, and my dad dropped Ryosuke off at the station. I didn't kiss him or anything, just waved goodbye. My parents didn't tell me what they thought. I guess they are reserving judgment. My sister Norika is older than me, so she really should be first in line.
When we got back home, I showered, and changed into a fairly conservative pair of navy blue shorts and a matching button up blouse. Underneath the blouse, I had on a cream color bikini top. Dad was watching TV, while mom was in the kitchen, making dinner. I grabbed some onigiri (rice balls) and koucha (tea) from the kitchen, pulled on some sandals, and said,
"I'm just going out for a bit," and rushed out the door. I didn't tell them where I was going. My mom worries too much anyway.
I messaged Ryosuke on my smartphone. He'd walked all the way back to near my house, and was waiting for me out by the main road.
"Where to?" he smiled.
"I was thinking we could check out a love hotel. Junko told me about one not too far away. She said it has some interesting features."
"Like what?"
"There is a swing in one room. They have this TV cafe with sofas that are kind of blocked off by curtains, but also kind of out in the open." Junko hadn't said so, but it struck me as likely that some couples go there to make out, surrounded by other couples.
"Um, wow! Where is it?"
We looked it up on my smartphone, but unfortunately, it wasn't in Kamakura, more Ofuna way, and far from the station.
"I guess there are no love hotels within Kamakura itself," I lamented.
"I have an idea," Ryosuke said.
"What? Where?"
"Right near here."
He led me out along the main road back towards the station, and then stopped in front of this fenced-in grassy area.
"Oh. You're not supposed to go in there," I told him.
"Who says?"
"The sign says," I pointed it out. We walked over, and looked at the old wooden billboard, but it had been rained on so much that you couldn't read it anymore. "Well, it used to say. I think that this is where Masako Houjou and those people are buried." Masako Houjou was this powerful woman in the days when Kamakura was the capital of Japan, a thousand years ago.
"Well, she won't mind, I'm sure."
"No, but my mom says there are like poison snakes in there."
"Oh, don't be silly. She just says that 'cause she doesn't want you going in. I already went up, and there were definitely no snakes."
"How do you know? Maybe you missed them."
"Stop being such a worrier. Come on. Let's go."
It is probably true that my mom exaggerates. I looked up and down the street. It looked like they were building some kind of two storey apartment across the street and further down, there was a real estate office and a house or two. Back towards the station was the first tunnel through the mountains. I felt really nervous as we went in, worried that someone would see us, but luckily, there didn't seem to be anyone around.
Ryosuke took my hand, and led me up this really narrow mud path heading up the cliff side. I was worried because just to our left, the cliff dropped straight down into the valley, and we were right on the edge. The mud was kind of slippery too. Ryosuke held my arm to keep me from falling, but I was too afraid to look down. Once we'd gone up a bit, and you couldn't see the road anymore, the path widened. There were some trees on our left running along the edge of the cliff, so it was a lot safer.
"How many people do you think come up here?" I asked.
"Not too many, especially on overcast days like this. There's a garden further up. I guess someone does."
We came to a fork in the path. He turned right, and led me straight up the steep hillside. It wasn't even really a path anymore, just bare patches of mud and stones where the bushes hadn't grown in. It was so steep he had to pull me up. I watched very carefully where I was stepping, and eventually, I felt steady enough to let go of him, and make my own way.
When we finally got to the top, we came out of the trees into a clearing. Sure enough, there was a little vegetable garden. I wondered who the gardener was. I thought no one was supposed to come in here. Ryosuke went around the garden, and then on our left, we could see out over the whole nature preserve. It looked more like a park than sacred ground. You couldn't see any houses or anything, just a tree-covered hillside on the other side of the grassy valley below. It felt a bit like a jungle. And this is like only ten minutes from my house. I guess I never came in here because I thought you weren't supposed to. I was so amazed that he'd found this place.
Ryosuke walked to the back into this other small clearing. On this side of the hill, we could see a parking lot with a whole bunch of trucks through the trees down below. It made me a bit afraid, but we both watched them for a long time, and no one seemed to be there. I guess it was like a construction company, and they were off working somewhere. Ryosuke looked over at me, obviously proud of his find.
"It's perfect, isn't it?"
"I don't know. I mean, what if the gardener comes up here, and finds us?"
"You saw how slippery the path was. He'll probably wait for a better day, don't you think?"
I wasn't so sure, but I guess I'd never seen anyone come in here before. I was still worried about the gardener, but Ryosuke kept saying it would be all right. He got out a ground sheet from his bag, and laid it out on the grass for me to sit down on. I got out the rice balls and tea for us to snack on. It was quite a nice place.
Once we finished, Ryosuke kind of peered over at me, his eyes gleaming. He wanted to make love. I felt terribly nervous, but anyway, we started kissing, and he reached down to undo my shorts.
"Don't. Wait," I told him, grabbing his hand. I guess I was still worried that someone might come. I cocked my ear listening, but all we could hear was the birds chirping, and the leaves in the trees rustling in the wind. I lay down on the sheet, nodding that it was OK. He grabbed my shorts, and pulled them down, taking my panties with them.
I felt embarrassed with my pubic hair sticking up, but the warmth of the sun and the feeling of the plastic sheet on my bare bottom was getting me all excited. I sat up, undid my sandals, and pulled off my shorts and panties, but then right away, I pulled my sandals back on. Maybe if someone came, we'd be able to run away, although there wasn't much of anywhere to run to. Anyway, I felt safer with my shoes on.
I just sat there for a while trying to get used to the feeling of being naked outside. Ryosuke got impatient, reached over, and undid the buttons on my blouse. He pulled both my blouse and my bikini top off, leaving me naked. I lay back down, feeling the cool plastic groundsheet all down my back. The sun was nice and warm though.
Ryosuke started massaging my breasts, dabbing at my nipples with his tongue. I was getting really excited. I looked deep into his eyes, and held his hands, signaling for him to stop. I was still a bit nervous, but also I didn't want to get too excited too soon. Maybe I was teasing him a bit, playing hard to get. He finally stopped touching me, and let me sit up. Just to deal with my nervousness, I carefully folded my clothes, and put them away in my bag.
Ryosuke stood up, and motioned for me to stand up too. I was still worried, but I did as he asked. He took my hand, and led me over to the preserve side that we'd come up on. My whole body was tingling, my heart beating pitter-pat. I knew it was crazy walking around naked so close to the street, but it was quite the thrill.
Ryosuke wrapped his arms around me, pulled me close, and gave me the gentlest kiss. Still teasing him, I broke away, and then ran along the edge of the cliff back towards the entrance. Suddenly, his eyes lit up.
"Where are you going?" he laughed. He caught up, and took my hand again. He passed me, and went on ahead pulling me along toward the entrance. I definitely didn't want to go that way. What if the gardener came? I tried to dig my feet in, and stop him, but he just kept pulling me along. I turned to look back wishing I had my clothes.
"Wait, just hold on..."
"Don't worry. It'll be OK."
I was starting to freak. We'd come so far from my clothes. We were really close to my house, and the road down there was the main one that goes to Fujisawa, a bigger town. I was worried one of my neighbors would see me. I felt for my necklace. That was like the only thing I was wearing besides my sandals. My breasts had swollen up from the excitement.
"Wait. Stop. Ryosuke, slow down." I tried to pull him back, but once we went down into the trees, the path got really steep and dangerous, so I had to be careful, or else I'd fall. I grabbed onto his arm to steady myself as we both started sliding down the muddy hill.
"Ryosuke, careful! We'll fall."
"Just hold on tight, OK?"
The further down we went, the more frightened I got. I could see the highway just up ahead with cars going by. I don't think they'd seen me yet, but we were getting pretty close.
I tried to find places to dig my feet in, so I wouldn't slip. Ryosuke kept pulling. The breeze was reminding me of how naked I was. My heart was pounding in my chest. Oh, god, what am I doing?
We made it down to the fork in the path, and the ground was flat enough that I finally was able to dig in, and get Ryosuke to stop.
"Ryosuke, I'm scared. I, uh... I..." I was panting so heavily I could hardly speak.
"It's OK. I checked the buildings across the road, and there was no one in them. The cars are going too fast to notice you anyway."
"No, no. We can't..."
"You look gorgeous, sweetie. If anyone does see you, they'll think 'Wow! What a babe!'"
"No, no. You don't know this area. These are my neighbors..." I was trying to stop him, but he grabbed me around the waist, and lifted me right off my feet. I started kicking and screaming, but the path was treacherous, so we had to be careful. I finally said, "OK, OK. Just let me down, OK?"
He put me down, and gave me a kiss.
"It'll be OK," he reassured me. "I swear."
I was really afraid, but part of me was curious. What would it be like to walk over to the highway in the nude? What would people do if they saw me? I'd never done anything quite this extreme before.
Ryosuke led me along the path, and it got narrower and narrower the further down we went. I was worried about falling, and then we got to a point where we could see the cars going by on the road. I panicked, and hid behind Ryosuke.
"Don't worry," Ryosuke reassured me. "We're still too far back, and the trees are in the way." I didn't feel safe at all. I felt terribly exposed. What if someone sees me? My old piano teacher lives right near here. 'Hi, Mrs. Shimizu, just out for a walk with my boyfriend. Oh, my clothes? It was such a nice day out...' Ryosuke looked back at me.
"The cars come in spurts, and then there's a long break."
I shook my head no.
"You don't expect me to go down there, do you?"
"Just for a second. Let me take your picture."
I couldn't believe he was serious. I felt embarrassed enough as it was. Why on earth had I let him talk me into this? The whole idea was crazy, walking around naked so near the road.
"Let's just go back, Ryosuke. OK?"
"No, c'mon. It'll be alright." He grabbed me by the hand, and started leading me down even further towards the street. I was absolutely terrified. I could see all the buildings across the road: the apartment, the real estate office, and someone's house. There didn't seem to be anyone around, but it was hard to tell for sure. I covered up my pussy with my hand. I was shaking so much I almost tripped.
"Oh god, Ryosuke, let's just go back. Pleeease!"
He looked back at me sympathetic, but didn't stop.
"You look gorgeous. Let me just get a picture or two."
I tried to calm down, but it was so hard. Ryosuke reached out, and touched my pussy, holding his hand up to show how wet I'd become. This is too crazy.
As we came out from behind the trees, I kept looking back and forth to see if any cars were coming. It felt like my whole body was on fire. I was in complete shock as Ryosuke pulled me all the way over to the sidewalk. I stood there stark naked in the bright sun. I looked through the tunnel that leads toward the train station, and then spun around to look back towards my house. There is a car dealership back that way, and I was standing in clear view of their show window. Oh god, please, no one come.
Ryosuke kept snapping pictures.
"God, you're amazing, Emi. Look at you."
I looked down at my own naked body. My breasts were wet glistening in the sun. I held onto them to try to stop shaking, but I was just way too worked up. I couldn't believe I was standing here on the street—stark naked.
Before I could do anything, a car came up from behind, and whizzed right past us. I almost had a heart attack. Luckily, the car didn't stop. It just kept right on going.
"Oh my god, did you see...?" I felt so confused.
"Relax. Relax. It's OK." Ryosuke came over, took my hands, and gave me a little nuzzle. We both looked back the way the car had gone. "They mustn't have realized."
My heart was pounding in my chest.
"OK, let's just go now."
"No, I just want to try one more thing." He took my hand, and started leading me across the street! I tried to cover my pussy, but my breasts were bouncing up and down as we ran. I stared through the tunnel all the way down the road that led to the train station. Here I was running around my old neighborhood naked. Ryosuke led me into this little dead end road. Cars started driving by on the main road, so we hid around the corner of this house. I was breathing so heavily, overwhelmed by the feeling of being naked in such a public place.
"Are you OK?" he asked touching my shoulder. I wasn't OK. I was right on the edge. That little touch came so close to pushing me over.
"No, no, don't touch me." I moved away from him, but my body had taken over. I was so worked up I kind of lost control. I started touching myself, running my fingers gently along my breasts, my tummy, and below, building the feeling more and more. I couldn't take it anymore. I knew I was going to come any minute, and there was no way I could stop it. We heard this scraping sound coming from the house, but it was too late. My head just swam up and up and up, and then my body exploded in this climax of ecstasy, wave after wave of pure pleasure. I'd never felt such a thing before, the bittersweet abandon of orgasming in such a public place.
Unfortunately, whoever was making the scraping noise in the house was coming closer. We could hear their footsteps coming this way. Oh, god, what if they see me like this? I had come so hard that my own juices were dripping down the inside of my leg. Ryosuke grabbed my hand, and we bolted across the street back into the preserve. Another car drove by, and saw me, but we quickly ran up the path. It was hard to run on the narrow path, but finally we managed to make it up to where the trees blocked the view from the road. I was still as naked as ever, but at least no one could see us. We both bent over huffing and puffing away. Finally, Ryosuke straightened up, and took a deep breath.
"Did you just..."
I smiled for a second, but then tried to deny it.
"No, I just... I don't know. It was just like..."
Ryosuke just laughed though, tickled pink to have finally caught me getting off on my own exposure. I started blushing, and finally hit him to get him to stop laughing. He puts his arms around me, and nuzzled me again.
"You, my dear Miss Tsuruta, have just established yourself as the sexiest women alive."
I kissed him softly. He kissed me back more passionately. He grabbed my behind. I tried to break free, but he got a finger down between my legs, and started sliding it around. I was absolutely soaked, so I couldn't pretend I wasn't enjoying it. I pushed him back though, and said,
"Here we'd better go back up." I was kind of freaking out about what I'd just done, and especially about being seen by those people in the cars. I couldn't believe they hadn't stopped or at least honked or something. I was worried too that someone might have recognized me.
Ryosuke motioned for me to go first, but on the way up, he kept touching me, touching my pussy, prolonging my pleasure. I was trying not to fall, so I couldn't stop him. When we finally made it to the top, I ran back over to where my clothes were. Before I could get them out of my bag though, Ryosuke had caught up, and started kissing me again.
He undid his pants, and got me to hold his you-know-what. It looked huge in the bright sun, and kept pulsing in my hand like it had a mind of its own. I kneeled down, pulled back my hair, and then set to work on his penis, touching and licking it. It felt like he was going to come in my mouth, so I backed up, letting it slide out. He was breathing pretty deeply and obviously really excited.
"Sorry," I smiled shyly. He pulled down his pants. He got out a condom, and I helped him put it on. He looked so turned on I thought he was going to come. I wasn't sure what position to do it in. He finally motioned for me to spin around, and get down on all fours so he could entered me from behind. It felt so good as he slid it in. I licked my lips, and soon was right up there on the verge of coming again.
Unfortunately, neither of us could hold it for long. We were both way too excited. I tried not to squeeze him too tight, but the feeling of him sliding in and out was just too much. I spread my legs even further, so he could get in real deep. He came up behind me, reaching around, trying to grab my breasts, or touch my hello kitty. I didn't need much though. I exploded into another orgasm, and then I was just like gone, not on this world anymore, somewhere in heaven for the longest time.
It took me a long time to come back down. Luckily, no one came up, and found us. I wiped my pussy and thighs with wet naps. There was like liquid all over. I cleaned up as best I could, and finally got dressed. I still felt funny, and I really wanted to have a shower. Coming back out of the trees, I was worried that someone might be waiting for us, but the street was just as quiet as before. I couldn't invite Ryosuke back to my place, but I had to get back. I gave him a kiss, thanking him, and then watched as he headed back to the station.
'Oh god, I really should stop doing these things,' I kept thinking as I walked back to my place. When I got home, I had another shower. Mom was kind of nosing around, trying to figure out what I'd just done, but anyway, once I was showered, dried and dressed, I came out to talk to her.
"Where were you, dear?" she asked.
"I just went for a walk. It's a beautiful day out, eh?"
Emi Tsuruta